ST. MICHAEL AMD ST. GEORGE. By GEORGE MACDONALD, LL.D. Chapter LIT, — Domis Dissot.vitck. Jscudamore was now much better, partly from the in fluence of reviving hopes with regard to^Iiorothy, for his disposition was such that he always deceived himself in the direction of what he counted advantage, not like Heywood, who was erer ready to believe what in matters personal told against him. Tom Fool had just been boasting of his exploit in escaping from Raglan, and expressing his conviction that Dorothy, whom he had valiantly protected, was safe at 'Wyfern, and Rowland was in-consequence dressing as fast as he could to pay her a visit, when Tom caught sight of Richard riding towards the cottage, and, jumping up, ran into the chimney corner beyond liis mother, who was busy with Scudamore's break fast. She looked from the window, and spied the cause of his terror. ^ ** Silly Tom ! ' she said, for she still treated him like a child, notwithstanding her boastful belief in his high position and merits, ' he will not harm thee. There never was hurt in a Hey wood.' 'Treason! flat treason, witch!' cried the voice of ficudamore from the closet. 'Thee of all ruen, Sir Rowland, has no cause to *ay«o,' returned Mrs. Rees. 'But come and break thy fast while he talks to thee, and save the precious time which runneth so fast away.' ' I might as well be in my grave for any value it hath to me !' said Rowland, who was for the moment in a bad mood. His hope and his faith were ever ready to fall out, and a twinge in his shoulder was enough to set them jarring. ' Here comes Master Heywood, anyhow,' said the old woman, as Richard, leaving Lady at the gate, came striding up the walk in his great brown boots ; ' and I pray you, Sir RoSvland, to let by-gones be by-gones, for my sake, if not for your own, lest tbou bring the vengeance of General Fairfax upon my poor house.' 'Fairfax!' cried Scudamore; 'is that villain come hither r' ' Sir Thomas Fairfax arrived two days agone,' Answered Mrs. Rees. ' Alas, it is but too sure a eign that for Raglan the end is near.' ' Good morrow, Mother Rees,' said Richard, look ing in at the door, radiant as an Apollo. The same moment out came Scudamore from the closet, pale as a dying moon. *' I want my horse, Heywood,' 'he cried, deigning no preliminaries. 'Thy horse is at Redware, Scudamore: I carry him not in my pocket. I saw him yesterday : his flesh hath swallowed a good many of his bones since I looked on him last. What would'st thou with hhnr' ? ' 'What is that to thee : Let me have him.' ' Softly, Sir Rowland ! It is true I promised thee thy liberty, but liberty doth not necessarily include a horee.' 41 Thou wast never better than a shifting fanatic,' cried Sir Rowland. ' An' I served thee as befitted, thou shouldst never see thy horse again,' returned Richard. ' Yet I promise thee that, so soon as Raglan hath fallen, he shall again be thine. Nay, I care not. Tell me whitherthou goest, and ? Ha ! art thou there r' he cried, interrupting himself, as lie caught sight of Tom in'the chimney corner, and, pausing, he stood silent for a moment. ' — Wouldst like to hear, thou rascal,' lie resumed presently, ' that Mistress Dorothy Vaughan got safe to Wyfern this morning r' *' God be praised !' said Tom Fool. ' But thou shalt not hear it. I will tell thee better if less welcome news — that I come from conducting her back to Raglan in safety, and have seen its gates close upon her. — Thou shalt have thy horse, Sir Row land, an' thou can wait for him an hour ; but for thy ride to Wyfern, that, thou seest, Avould not avail thee. Thy cousin rode by here tliis nierning, it is true ; but, as I say, she is now within Raglan walls, whence she will not issue again until the soldiers of the Parlia ment enter. It is no treason to tell thee that General Fairfax is about to Bend his final summons ere he storm the rampart.'. ' Then mayst thou keep the horse, for I will back to Raglan on foot,' said Scudamore. ' Nay, that wilt thou not, for nought greatly larger -than a mouse can any more pass through the lines. Dost think because I sent back thy cousin Dorothy, lest she should work mischief outside the walls, I will therefore send thee back to work mischief within them r' ' And thou art the man who professeth to love Mistress Dorothy !' cried Scudamore with con tempt. ' Hark thee, Sir Rowland, and for thy good I will 4ell thee more. It is quite just that as I told thee my doubts, whence thou didst draw hope, I should now tell thee my hopes, whence thou mayst do well to draw a little doubt.' 'Thou art a mean and treacherous villain !' cried Scudamore. *' Thou art to blame in speaking that thou dost not believe, Sir ltowland. But wilt thou have thy horse or no r' ' No ; I will remain where I am until I hear the worst.' ' Or come home with me, where thou wilt hear it yet sooner. Thou shalt taste a Roundhead's hospi tality.' *' I scorn thee and thy false friendship,' cried Rowland, and, turning again into the closet, he bolted the door. That same morning a great iron ball struck the marble horse on his proud head, and flung it in frag ments over the court. From his neck the water bubbled up bright and clear, like the life-blood of the wounded whiteness. *' Poor Molly !' said the Marquis, when he looked from his study window — then smiled at his pity. Lerd Charles entered : a messenger had come from General Fairfax, demanding a surrender in the name of the Parliament. 'If they had but gone on a little longer, Charles, they might liave saved us the trouble,' said his Lord ship, ' tor there would have been nothing left to sur xender. — But I will consider the proposal,' he added. ' Pray tell Sir Thomas that, whatever I do, I look first to have it approved of the King.' But there was no longer a shadow of a question as to submission. All that Mas ieft was but the arrange ment of conditions. The Marquis was aware that Captain Hooper's trenches were rapidly approaching the rampart; that six great mortars for throwing fihells had been got into position ; and that resistance would be the merest folly. Various meetings, therefore, of commissioners ap pointed on both sides for the settling of the terms of submission took place, and at last, on the fifteenth of August, they were finally arranged, and the surrender fixed for the seventeenth. The interval was a sad time. All day long tears were flowing, the ladies doing their best to conceal, the servants to display them. Every one was busy gathering together what personal effects might be car ried away. It was especially a sad time for Lord Glamorgan's children, for they were old enough not merely to love the place, but to know that they loved it ; and the thought that the sacred things of their 'home were about to pass into other hands roused in them wrath and indignation as well as grief, for the sense of property is, in the midst of children who Jiave been born and 'brought up in the midst of family possessions, perhaps stronger than in the minds of their elders. __ As the sun was going down on the evening of the sixteenth, Dorothy, who had been helping now one *and now another of the ladies all day long, having, j indeed, little of her own to demand her at tention, Dick and Marquis being almost hex sole valuables, came from the keep, and was crossing the fountain court to her old room on its western side. Every one was busy indoors, and the place appealed deserted. There was a stillness in the air that sounded awful. For so many weeks it had been shattered with roar upon roar, and now the guns had ceased to bellow, leaving a sense of vacancy and doubt, an oppression of silence ! ? The hum that came from the lines outside seemed but to enhance the stillness within. But the sunlight lived on sweet and calm, as if all was well. It seemed to promise that wrath and ruin would pass, and leave no lasting deso lation behind them. Yet she could not help heaving a great sigh, and the tears came streaming down her cheeks. ' Tut, tut, cousin ! Wipe thine eves. The dreary old house is not worth such bright tears.' Dorothy turned, and saw the Marquis seated on the edge of the marble basin, under the headless horse, whose blood seemed still to well from his truncated form. She saw also that, although his words were cheerful, his lip quivered. It was some little time be fore she could compose herself sufficiently to speak. ' I marvel your Lordsliip is so calm,' she said. ' Come hither, Dorothy,' he returned kindly, ' and sit thee down by my side. Thou wast right good to my little Molly. Thou hast been a ministering angel to Raglan and its people. I did thee wrong, and thou forgavest me with a whole heait. Thou hast re turned me good for evil tenfold, and for all this I love thee ; and therefore -will I now tell thee what niaketh me quiet at heart, for I am as thou seest me, and my heart is as my countenance. I have lived my life, and have now but to die my death. I am thankful to liave lived, and I hope to live hereafter. Goodness and mercy went before my birth, and goodness and mercy will follow my death. For the ills of this life, if there was no silence there would be no music. Ignorance is a spur to knowledge. Darkness is a pavilion for the Almighty, a foil to the painter to make his shadows. So are afflictions good for our instruc tion, and adversities for our amendment. As for the article of death, what she who lay in my bosom hath passed through, shall T shun to meet it ? And look you, fair damsel, thou whose bodv is sweet, and comely to behold — wherefore should t not rejoice to depart? When I see my house lying in ruins about me, I look down upon tliis ugly overgrown body of mine, the very foundations whereof crumble from beneath me, and I thanK God it is but a tent, and no enduring house even like this house of Raglan, which yet will ere long be a dwelling of owls and foxes. Very soon will Death pull out the tent-pins and let me fly, and therefore am I glad ; for, fair damsel Dorothy, although it may be hard for thee, beholding me as' I am, to comprehend it, I like to be old and ugly as little as wouldst thou ; and my heart, I verily think, is little older than thine own. One day, please God, I shall yet be clothed upon with a house that is from heaven, nor shall I hobble with gouty feet over the golden pavement — if so be that my sins overpass not mercy. Fray for me, Dorothy, my daughter, for my end is nigh, that I find at length the bosom of Father Abraham.' As he ended, a slow flower of music bloomed out upon the silence, from under the fingers of the blind youth hid in the stony shell of the chapel, and, doubtful at first, its fragrance filled at length the whole sunset air. It was the music of a Nunc dimittis of Palestine. Dorothy knelt and kissed the old man's hand, then rose and went weeping to her chamber, leaving him still seated by the broken yet flowing fountain. Of all who prepared to depart, Caspar Kaltoff was the busiest. AVhat best things of his master's could he carry with him, he took, but a multitude he left to a more convenient opportunity, in the hope of which, alone and unaided, he sunk his precious cabinet, and a chest besides, filled with curious inventions and iauourite tools, in the secret shaft. But the most valued of all, the engine, he could not take and would not leave. Once more he set it to work, and filled the cistern until he heard it roar in the waste-pipe. Then he extinguished the fire and let the furnace cool, and when Dorothy entered the workshop for the last time to take her mournful leave of the place, there lay the bones of the mighty creature scattered over the floor —here a pipe, there a valve, here a piston, and there a cock. Nothing stood but the furnace and the great pipes that ran up the grooves in the wall outside, be tween which there was scarce a hint of connection to be perceived. ' Mistress Dorothy,' he said, ' my master is the greatest man in Christendom, but the world is stupid, and will forget him because it never knew him.' Amongst her treasures, chief of them all, even before the gifts of her husband, Lady Glamorgan car ried with her the last garments, from sleeve- ribbons to dainty little shoes and rosettes, worn by her Molly. Dr. Bayly carried a bag of papers and sermons, with his doctor's gown and hood, and his best suit of clothes. The Marquis with his orm hand put up his Vulgate, and left his Gower behind. EA-er since the painful proofs of its failure with the King, he had felt, if not a dislike, jret a painful repugnance to the volume, and had never again opened it. It was a troubled night, the last they spent in the castle. Not many slept. But the lord of it had long understood that what could cease to be his never had been his, and slept like a child. Dr. Bayly, who in his loving anxiety had managed to get hold of his key, crept in at midnight, and. found him fast asleep* and again in the morning, and found him not yet waked. When breakfast was over, proclamation was made that at 9 o'clock there would be prayers in the chapel for the last time, and that the Marquis desired all to be present. When the hour arrived, he entered, leaning on the arm of Dr. Bayly. Dorothy followed with the ladies of the family. Young Delaware was in his place, and, ' with organ voice and voice of psalms,' praise and prayer arose for the last time from the nouse of Raglan. All were in tears save the Marquis. A smile played about his lips, and he looked like a child giving away his toy. Sir Toby Mathews tried hard to speak to his flock, but broke down, and had to yield the attempt. When the ser vices were over, the Marquis rose and said : ' Master Delaware, once more play the .Vane di mill is, and so meet me every one in the hall.' Thither the Marquis himself walked first, and on the dais seated himself in his chair of state, with his family and friends around him, and the officers of ''his household waiting. On one side of him stood Sir Ralph Blackstone, with a bag of gold, and on the other Mr. George Wharton, the clerk of the accounts, with a larger bag of si! ver. Then each of the servan ts, in turn according to position, was called before him by name, ' and with his own hand the Marquis, dipping now into one bag, now into the other, gave to each a small present in view of coming necessities; they had the day before received their wages. To each he wished a kind farewell, to some adding a word of advice or comfort. He then handed the bags to the governor, and told him to distribute their contents according to his judgment amongst the garrison. Last, he ordered every one to be ready to follow him from the gates the moment the clock struck the hour of noon, and went to his study. » | When Lord Charles went to tell him that ali were marshalled, and everything ready for departure, he found him kneeling, but he rose with more of agility than he had for a long time ' been able to show, and followed his son. With slow pace he crossed the courts and the hall, which were silent as the grave, and bent his steps to the main entrance. The portcullises were up, the gates wide open, the drawbridge down — all silent and de serted. The white stair was also vacant, and in solemn silence the Marquis descended, leaning on Lord Charles. But beneath was a gallant show, yet, for all its colour and shine, mournful enough. At the foot of the stair stood four carriages, each with six horses in glittering harness, and behind them all the officers of the household and all the guests on horseback. Next came the garrison-music of drums and trumpets, and the man- servants on foot, and the women, some on foot and some in waggons with the children. After them came the waggons loaded with such things as they were permitted-to carry with them. These were fol lowed by the principal officers of the garrison, colonels and captains, accompanied by their troops, consisting mostly of squires and gentlemen, to the number of about two hundred, on horseback. Last came the foot-soldiers of the garrison and those who had lost their horses, in all some five hundred, stretching far away, round towards the citadel beyond the sight. Colours were flying, and weapons glittering, and though all was silence except for the pawing of ahorse here and there, and the ringing of chain-bridles, everything looked like an ordered inarch of triumph rather than a surrender and evacuation. Still there was a something in the silence that seemed of itself to tell the true tale. In the front carriage were Lady Glamorgan and the Ladies Elizabeth, Anne, and Mary. In the carriages behind came their gentlewomen, and their lady visitors, with their immediate attendants. Dorothy, mounted on Dick, with Marquis's chain fastened to the pommel of her saddle, came behind the last carriage. Beside her rode young Delaware and his father, the master of the horse. ' Open the white gate,' said the Marquis from the stair as he descended. The great clock of the castle struck, and with the last stroke of the twelve came the blast of a trumpet from below. ' Answer, trumpets,' cried the Marquis. The governor repeated the order, and a tremen dous blare followed, in which the drums unbidden joined. This was the signal to the warders at the brick gate, and thejr flung its two leaves wide apart. Another blast from below, and in marched on horse back General Fairfax with his, staff, followed by 300 foot. The latter drew up on each side of the brick gate, while the General and his staff went on to the marble gate. As soon as they appeared within it, the Marquis, who had halted in the midst of his descent, came down to meet them. He bowed to the General, and said — ' I would it were as a guest I received you, Sir Thomas, for then might I honestly bid you welcome. But that I cannot do when you so 'shake my poor nest that you shake the birds out of it. But, though I can not bid you welcome, I will, notwithstanding, heartily bid you farewell, Sir Thomas, and I thank you for your courtesy to me and mine. Tliis nut of Raglan ?was, I believe, the last you had to crack. Amen. God's will be done.' The general returned civil answer, and the Marquis, again bowing gracefully, advanced to the foremost carriage, the door of ?which was held for him by Sir Ralph, the steward, while Lord Charles stood by to assist his father. The moment he had entered, the two gentlemen mounted the horses held for them, one on each side of the carriage, Lord Charles gave the word, the trumpets once more uttered a loud cry, the Marquis's carriage moved, the rest followed, and in 6low procession Lord Worcester and his people, passing through the gates, left for ever the house of Raglan, and in his heart Henry Somerset bade the world good-bye. General Fairfax and his company ascended the great white stair, crossed the moat on the drawbridge, passed under the double portcullis and through the gates, and so entered the deserted court. All was frightfully still ; the windows stared like dead eyes — tl\e very' houses seemed dead; nothing alive was visible except one scared cat : the cannonade had driven away all the pigeons, and a tile had killed the patriarch of the peacocks. They entered the great hall and admired its goodly proportions, while not a few expressions of regret at the destruction of such a magnificeut house escaped them ; then as soldiers they proceeded to examine the ruins, and distinguish the results wrought by the different batteries. ??Gentlemen,' said Sir Thomas, 'had the walls been as strong as the towers, we should have been still sitting in yonder field.' In the meantime the army commissioner, Thomas Herbert by name, was busy securing, with the help of his men, the papers and valuables, and making an in ventory of such goods as he considered worth remov ing for sale in London. Haying satisfied his curiosity with a survey of the place,' and left a guard to receive orders from Mr. Herbert, the general mounted again and rode to Chepstow, where there was a grand entertainment that evening to celebrate the fall of Raglan, the last of the strongholds of the King. Chapter LV.— R. I. P. As the sad, shining company of the Marquis went from the gates, running at full speed to overtake the rear ere it should have passed through, came Caspar, and, mounting a horse led for him, rode near Dorothy. As they left the brick gate, a horseman joined the procession from outside. Pale and worn, with bent head and sad look, Sir Rowland Scudamore fell into the ranks amongst his friends of the garrison, and with them rode in silence. Many a look did Dorothy cast around her as she rode, but only once, on the crest of a grassy hill that rose from the highway a few miles from Raglan, did she catch sight of Richard mounted on Lady. All her life after, as often as trouble came, that figure rose against the sky of her inner world, and was to her a type of the sleepless watch of the universe. Soon, from flank and rear, in this direction and that, each to some haven or home, servants and soldiers began to drop away. Before they reached the forest of Dean the cortege had greatly dwindled, for many belonged to villages, small towns, and farms on the way, and their orders had been to go home and wait better times. When they reached London, except the chief oflicers of his household, one of his own pages, and some of his daughters' gentlewomen and menials, the Marquis had few attendants left bevond Caspar and Shafto. It was a long and weary journey for him, occupying a whole week. One evening he was so weary and tired that they were forced to put up with' what quarters they could find in a very poor little town. Early in the morning, however, they were up and away. When they had gone some ten miles— Lord Charles was riding beside the coach and chatting with his sisters — a remark was made not complimentary to their accommodation of the previous night. ' True,' said LordlCharles ; ' it was a very scurry inn, but we must not forget that the reckoning was cheap.' While he spoke, one of the household approached the Marquis, who sat on the other side of the car riage, and said something in a low voice. 'Say'st thou so!' returned his Lordship. ' — Hear'st thou, my Lord Charles r Thou talkest of a cheap reckoning ! I never paid so dear for a lod* ins in my life. Here is Master Wharton has just told me that they have left a thousand pounds under a bench in the chamber we broke our fast in. * Truly they are overpaid for what we had !' ' We have sent back after it, my Lord,' said Mr Wharton. ' You. will never see the money again,' said Lord Charles. ' Oh peace !' said the Marquis. ' If they will not be known of the money, you shall see it a brave inn in a short time.' Nothing more was said on the matter, and the Marquis seemed to have forgotten it. Late at night, at their next halting-place, the messenger rejoined them, having met a drawer, mounted on a sorry horse, riding after them with the bag, but little prospect of overtaking them before tliey reached London. ''? I thought our hostess seemed an honest woman !'* said Lady Anne. ' It is a poor town, indeed, Lord Charles, but you see it is an honest one nevertheless r ' said Dr. Bayly. 'It may be the town never saw so much money before,' said the Marquis, 'and knew not what to make of it.' 'Your Lordsliip is severe,' said the doctor. ' Only with my tongue, good doctor, only with my tongue,' said the Marquis, laughing. When they reached London, Lord Worcester found himself, to his surprise, in custody of the Black Rod, who, as now for some three years Worcester House in the Strand had been used for a State-paper office, conducted him to a house in Covent Garden, where he lodged him in tolerable comfort and mild imprison ment. Parliament was still jealous of Glamorgan and his Irish doings — as indeed well they might be. But his confinement was by no means so great a trial to him as his indignant Mends supposed ; for, long willing to depart, he had at length grown a little tired of life, feeling more and more the oppression of growing years, of gout varied with asthma, and, worst of all to the once active man, of his still in creasing corpulence, which last indeed,^ by Ms own confession, he found it hard to endure with patience. The journey had been too much for him, and he be gan to lead the life of an invalid. There being no sufficient accommodation in the house for his family, they were forced to content themselves with, lodging as near him as they could ; and in these circumstances Dorothy, notwithstanding. Lady Glamorgan's entreaties, would have gone home. But the Marquis was very unwilling she should leave him, and for his sake she concluded to remain. ' I am not long for this' world, Dorothy,' he said. *? Stay with me, and see the last of the old man. The wind of death has got inside my tent, and will soon blow it out of sight.' Lady Glamorgan's intention from the first had been to go to Ireland to her husband as soon as she could get leave. This, however, she did not obtain until the 1st of October — five weeks after her arrival in London. She would gladly have carried Dorothy with her, but she would not leave the Marquis, who was now failing visible. As her Ladyship's pass in cluded thirty of her servants, Dorothy felt at ease about her personal comforts, and her husband would soon supply all that might be lacking besides. The Ladies Elizabeth and Mary were in the same house with their father ; Lady Anne and Lord Charles were in the house of a relative at no great distance, and visited him every day. Sir Toby Mathews, also, and Dr. Bayly had found shelter in the neighbour hood, so that his Lordship never lacked company. But he was going to have other company soon. Gently he sank towards the grave, and as he sank his soul seemed to retire farther within, vanishing on the way to the deeper life. They thought he lost interest in life ; it was but that the brightness drew him from the glimmer. Every now and then, how ever, he would come forth from his inner chamber, and standing in his open door look out upon his friends, and tell them what he had seen. The winter drew on. But first November came, with its 'Saint Martin's summer, halcyon days,' and the old man revived a little. He stood one morn ing and looked from his window on the garden be hind the house, all glittering with molten hoar-frost. A few leaves, golden with death, hung here and there on a naked bough. A kind of sigh was in the air. The very light had in it as much of resignation as hope. He liad forgotten that Dorothy was in the room. There was Celtic blood in the Marquis, and at times his thoughts took shapes that hardly belonged to the Teuton. ' Cometh my youth hither again r' he murmured. 'Asa stranger lie cometh whom yet I know so well ! Or is it but the face of my old age lighted with a parting smile ? . Either way, change cometh, and change will be good. Dominc, in manus tuas.' He turned and saw Dorothy. ' Child ! ' he exclaimed ; ' good sooth, I had for gotten thee. Yet spake I no treason. Dorothy, I hold not with them who say that from dust we came and to dust we return. Neither my blessed Countess, whom thou knewest not, nor my darling Molly, whom thou knewest so well, were bom of the dust. From some better where they came — or, say, can dust beget love ? Whither they have gone, I follow, in the hope that* their prayers have smoothed for me the way. Lord, lay not my sins to my charge. Mar y, mother, hear my wife who prayeth for me. Hear my little Molly ; she was ever dainty and good.' Again he had forgotten Dorothy, and was with his dead. But St. Martin's summer is only the lightening of the year, that comes before its death, and November, although it brought not then such evil fogs as it now afflicts London withal, yet brought M^th it November weather — one of God's hounds, with which he hunts us out of the hollows of our own moods, and teaches us to sit on the arch of the cellar. But though the Marquis fought hard and kept it out of his mind, it got into his troubled body. The gout left his feet ; ha coughed distressingly, breathed with difficulty, and at length betook himself to bed. For some time his interest in politics, save in so much as affected the King's person, had been gradually ceasing. '? I trust I have done my part,' he said once to the two clergymen, as they sat by his bedside. ' Y'et I know not. I fear me I clove too fast to my money. Yet would I have parted with all, even to my shirt, to make my Lord the King a good Catholic. But it may be, Sir Toby, we make more of such matters down here than they do in the high countries ; and in that case, good doctor, ye are to blame who broke away from your mother, even were she not perfect.' He crossed himself, and murmured a prayer in fear lest he had been guilty of laxity of judgment. But neither clergyman said a word. ' But tell me, gentlemen, ye who understand sacred things,' he resumed, 'can a man be far out of the way so long as, with full heart and no withholding, he saith, Fiat voluntas lua — and that after no private interpretation, but Sicut in cvrloJUf ' That, my Lord, I also strive to say, with, all my \- heart,' said Dr. Bayly. ' llayhap, doctor, returned the Marquis, ' when thou art as 'old as I, and hast learned to see how good it is, how all- good, thou wilt be able to say it without anv' striving. There was a time in my life when I too had to strive, for the thought that He was a hard master would come, and come again. But now that I have learned a little more ot -what He meaneth with me, what He would have of me, and do for me, how He' would make me pure of sin, clean frcm the very bottom of my heart to the crest of my soul, from spur to plume a stainless knight, verily I am no more con tent to submit to his will ; I cry in the night time, ♦ Thv will be done : Lord, let it be done, I entreat thee V and in the day time I cry, ' Thy kingdom come : Lord, let it come, I pray thee.' ' He lay silent. The clergymen left the room, and Lord Charles came in, and sat down by his beside. The Marquis looked at him, and said kindly — ' Ah, son Charles ! art thou there ?' ' I came to tell you, my Lord, the rumour goeth that the King has consented to establish the Presby terian heresy in the land,' said Lord Charles. ' Believe it not, my Lord. A man ought not to believe ill of another so long as there is space enough for a doubt to perch. 'Vet, alas '. what shall be hoped of him who will yield nothing to prayers, and everything to compulsion? Had his Majesty been a true prince, he had ere now set his foot on the neck of his enemies, or else ascended to heaven a bless? d martyr. ? Protestant,' say'st thou r In good sooth, I force not. 'What is he now but a football for the sectaries to kick to and fro ! But I shall pray for him whither I go, if indeed the prayers of such as I may be heard in that country. God be with his Majesty. I can no more. ? There are other realms than England, and I go to another King- Yet will I pray for England, for she is dear to my heart. God grant the evil time may pass, and Englishmen yet again grow humble and obedient ! ' He closed his eyes, and his face grew so still that, notwithstanding the labour of his breathing, he would have seemed asleep but that his lips moved a little now and then, giving a nutter of shape to the eternal prayer within him. Again he opened his eyes, and saw Sir Toby, who had re-entered silent as a ghost, and said, feebly hold ing out hie hand — '? I am dying, Sir Toby ; where will this swollen hulk of mine be hid r ' ' That, my Lord,' returned Sir Toby, 'hath been already spoken of in Parliament, and it hath been wrung from them, heretics and fanatics as they are, that your Lordship's mortal remains shall lie in Windsor Castle, by the side of Earl 'William, the first of the Earls of 'Worcester. 'God bless us all!' cried the Marquis, almost merrily, for he was pleased, and with the ineasure the old humour came back for a moment : ' they will give me a better castle when I am dead than they took from me when I was alive !' ' Yet is it a small matter to him who inherits such a house as awaiteth my Lord — domum non manvj'actain, ?in cmlis crtcrnam,' said Sir Toby. ' I thank thee, Sir Toby, for. recalling me. Truly for a moment I was uplifted, somewhat. That I should still play the fool, in the very face of Death ! But, thank God, at thy word the world hath again d\vin» died, and my heavenly house drawn the nearer. Domine, nunc dimittis. — Let me, so soon as you judge fit, Sir Toby, have the consolations of the dying.' When the last rites, wherein the Church yields all hold save that of prayer, had been administered, and his daughters with Dorothy and Lord Charles stood around his bed — ' Now have I taken my staff to be gone,' lie said cheerfully, 'like a peasant who hath visited his friends, and -will now return, and they will see Mm as far upon the road as they may. I tremble a little, but I bethink me of Him that made me and died for me, and now calleth me, and my heart revives within me.' Then he seemed to fall half asleep, and his soul ?went wandering in dreams that were not all of sleep — just as it had been with little Molly when her end drew near. -l How sweet is the grass for me to lie in, and for thee to eat ! Eat, eat, old Ploughman.' It was a favourite horse of which he dreamed — one which in old days he had named after Piers Plough man, the vision concerning whom, notwithstanding its severity on Catholic abuses, he had at one time read much. After a pause he went on — *' Alack, they have shot off his head ! What shall I do Avithout my Ploughman — my body groweth so large and heavy ! — Hark, I hear Molly ! * Spout, horse,' she crieth. See, it is his life-blood he spout eth ! — O Lord, what shall I do, for I am heavy, and my body keepeth down my soul. — Hark ! Who calleth me r It is Molly ! No, no ! it is the Master. — Lord, I cannot rise and come to thee. Here have I lain for ages ; and my spirit groaneth. Reach forth thy hand, Lord, and raise me. Thanks, Lord, thanks!' And with the word he was neither old man nor Marquis any more. The tears that were shed over him were not all of sorrow. The Parliament, with wondrous liberality, voted £ 500 for liis funeral, and Dr. Ba}^ tells us that he laid him in his grave with, his own hands. But let us trust rather that Anne and Molly received him into their arms, and soon made hiin forget all about castles and chapels and dukedoms and ungrateful princes, in the everlasting youth of the heavenly king dom, whose life is the presence of the Father, whose air is love, and whose corn and wine are truth and graciousness. There surely, and nowhere else as surely, can the prayer be for a man fulfilled : Rcquiescat in pace. ? * — : — 