Telegraphic. Rockhampton. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] December 16. GREAT dissatisfaction is being expressed at the traffic management of the Northern Railway. Parties are obliged to wait two or three weeks for trucks^ and" several' instancesof broaching case spirits are reported."* Under the representations of the mercantile community, Mesara. Stevenson and Buzacott M.LuA.'s, have telegraphed a joint complaint to' the Government, and a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce is summoned for Wednesday next to consider the question. A man named Taylor, a new arrival, has died on the railway line, supposed to be from sun. stroke. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] December 16. The weather ia now cooler, and rain is threatening. The heat at Bourke continues terrific. A proclamation was issued to-day, prohibiting any intercourse with the Brisbane, s., while in quarantine. In consequence of the Parliamentary session, the Government cannot attend the duplicate Cable Conference, proposed to bo held at Mel. bourne, but the Premier suggests that it shall take place at Sydney, to which the Postmaster. General of Queensland has consented. The South Australian and Victorian Govern. ment3 concur in the proposal to secure the services of Colonel Jervoise, R.E., at the joint expense of the colonies in reference to colonial defences. Sailed . Corea and City of Brisbane, steamers, for Brisbane. Arrived . Leichhardt and Blackbird, steamers, from Brisbane. December 17. The weather all day has been cloudy, but there has been no rain. The mail coach, while coming down hill on the Orange road, on Friday evening, capsized through the horses bolting. Two or three passengers were hurt. Arrived : Balclutha, s., from Rockhampton. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.J December 17. Several casualties arising from the great heat i of the weather are reported from different parts of the country. Allan plays an English match. Kothing further has transpired to implicate Hastings in the Frankstown murder case. Berry's want of confidence motion in the Assembly will probably come to nothing. Adelaide. [AUSTRALIA!* ASSOCIATED TRESS.] December 17. The schooner Postboy, from Port Macdonnell, has been capsized in a squall off Glenelg. Six persons, including two passengers, were lost. The mate was saved, after being seven houis in the water. There was a terrific storm of wind yesterday at Port Pirie, which blew roofs off, and did con- siderable damage New Zealand. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED TRESS.] ?WELLINGTON, December 16. A woman at Invercargill, yesterday, set fire to her house and then went with her son to her loom setting fire to that also. The house was destroyed, but they were with much difficulty both saved. A MOST remarkable and unusual wave of beat appeals to have passed over the continent of Australia on the 15th and 16th of the present month. The simultaneous readings of the mer- cury at Parkes, on tho Lachlan, and Bourke, on tho Darling River, in New South Wales, in the Ulterior of that colony ; also tho?e at Adelaide, Jlelbourne.andat Walgett, in northern New South Wales, taken on the loth of the current month, all pi ove thi», and tend to illustrate the use of the electric wire in connection with meteorology r Such recorded extremes as 114° and 113° in the ?¡hade, though at times surpassed in places like Chinchilla and other of our north-western " ovons " in Queensland, quite come up to the Red Sea, the Spanish Main, and Cawnpore, in paint of deadly heat. One of those matters which experimental and speculate o philosophy finds it bud to solve, is the deciding as to what is the exact amount of use of this intense and (apparently to our eyes) wasted heat. The «ame solar concentration, if bl ought to bear upon moist paddy fieldB and rich black soil, well watered, would produce food for unnumbered millions of people ; but, beating down, as it does, upon stony ironbark ridges, ghostly gum trees, fainting new chums, and drought-Blain cattle, in many parts of our colony, it appears, to our limited vision, to be just simply wasted ; and, when not wasted, to be absolutely baleful in its effects-in short, one of the curses, inbtead of the blessings, of nature It would take thousands of years of the sun's most intense action on many sterile parts of Australia to pro- duce, in disintegration and otherwise, any maiked good effects upon the soil and conforma- tion of the country. It is impossible for us to guess at the method of the process ; but, mean- time, if there be anything in it, we can safely certify that we ourselves are a generation suffer- ing for tho benefit of posterity, which is a poor satisfaction after all, for " 115" in the shade," to people who wero bom in Great Britain and have not undergone, as a race, a thousand preparatory years of what is called "acclimatisation," is something that poor human nature can never appreciate. Friend Lade tells us there will be no grapes if this dry heat goes on ; but we have takon comfort from hearing a full-grown frog croaking lustily in our back yard, and, though the skies look all iron and brass, you can gene lally rely on the " jumping frog " as a prophet of lain, and wo are consequently at the picseut momout in a stato of uncertainty as to whether or not wo could bo content to put up with the horrois of a wet Christmi* Eve and ditto Boxing Day for the sake of getting rid of the present prostrating heat and ruinous drought. We con- fess we don't like facing either alternative. THE Queensland Bellringers ad\ortise a con- ceit for this evening at the School of Aits, South Brisbane The programme is a varied one, ami comprises towoi, chime, and change ringing, comic songs, and " black face busiues«, and, if tho weather should happen to be a little cooler, there will no doubt be a good attendance. TUE civil sittiugs of the Southern District Court wore concluded on Saturday last Tlie following aro tho committab for the criminal sittings, which commonco this morning at ten o'clock ¡-Challes Eastwood, receiving a stolen steer ; Michael Irwin, larceny of a horse ; Pet" Buchbach, rnalioious killing of a bull. Tas report from Mr. Warden Hill, respecting the^i>togw*M' o'! mining in the portion'^! the Palmer goldfield under his charge during the mofith of "November,, supplie» the information thaton£tJw,:Mth ultimo a five-stamper battery^ passed .through Byerstown for the Lord Nels ou reef,,ten mijes distant. The plant is owner1* by a company formed in Cooktown, who are, Ri"0 the owners of the reef. On the strength j of thin movement, the Lady Nelson reef, it 'at* been Btated, .has.been again taken up, arjd several parties have gone out to prospeot t'j8 locality. Another large battery of ten stampers ia' ffc© be placed at the Normanby before tb.B wet -Mason sets in. It belongs to Mr. Rig'oy, a «oathern speculator, and is said to be a m- ¿gnifieont plant. Mr. Rigby'ß men are already on the ground getting the bed logs and making «thor prelimi- nary, arrangements, and the mudera toss granted to him a machine site of th n* rieres, aear to the Endeavor, and Mint reef /, Mr. Will regards the erection of this ¡fotab rft an impor- tant event!; ' and trusta 'to be ahle to repqrt encouragi' jg]y 0f 'tfee Normanby a few months hence, i is he has IJO doubt of the payableness of the r .«is. The place has never been properly pros peefcod, beoacse, owing to the absence of machin airy, "there'has been no chance of getting stone c i-s«ft*td ; but a better feeling is already manifes ,fc, ¡and the general opinion amongst the re ¿Jora acquiiiuled with the N«r Tlanbyisthatb «forcverylong it will develop itsor! into a permai teat >i*eefing'district. The popula- tion at the lîoriaanby 'has greatly increased during the ' oust few weeks. Three butchers bsjvc already sta rfced'killing there, and during the wet season the, 'Normanby is-expected to be a oentro of attrac' Um, .especiallylo the Chinese. Byers- town do es aot seem asvyet to be suffering from the cha Age oí roads to the Hodgkinson. Large amoun .ts o£ gold aro sont weekly from "the Byers towxt -merchante, who, although complain- ing, fire apparently doing very well. Byerstown and ita neighborhood have been visited lately wit Ji fine "thunder-showers, and in a week-or two grass will be abundant. The district during tho month wes particularly healthy. AT the Queensland Theatre was presented on Saturday evening a pretty little comedy, " The Husband of my Heart," and the very amusiug farce, " À Ghost in spite of Himself." In the comedy, the .part of Marton, a market girl, was very nicely played by Miss Surtces, all the other characters being also well filled. The prinoipal character .in the farce, Nie, was played by Mr. Tavare«, who was certainly very amusing. " Tho Husband of my Heart" is to be repeated thfa evening, to bo followed by ¡Herr Tolmque in a new and varied entertainment. In.cameotiou with the visit of tho opera com- pany to this city, we understand that great im- provements in the ventilation of the building aro about to be made, which aro certainly very much needed, as on Saturday night, with not a large house, the heat was almost unbearable. THE traffic earnings of the Southern and Western Railway for the week onding Deoomber 9 were as -follow :-Passenger fares, £934 16s. 6d. ; goods and live " stock, ¿3008 6s. Id. ; parcels and miscellaneous, £77 10s. 8d. ; total, £.1020 19s. 3d. As compared with tho corre- sponding week of last year, this shows a decrease of £205 4s. 8d. on passenger fares ; au increase of £1105 0s. 6d. on goods and livo stock ; and a decicoso of £24 4s. 7d. on parcels, &c;, giving on tho wholo an increase of £985 11s. 3d. The total traffic on this line during the present year up to date amounts to £136,159 11s. 6d., or an increaso of £23,104 16s. 6d. as compared with the corresponding period of 1S75. On the Northern Railway the traffic earnings during the week ending December 9 amounted to £723 17s. 3d., mado up as follows :-Passen- ger fares, £173 11s. 6d. ; goods and live stock, £522 8s. 6d. ; parcels, &c;, £27 17s. 3d. This, as compared with tho corresponding week of last year, shows an increase of £329 13s. Sd. Tho total traffic on this line during 1876, up to date, amounted to £25,383 14s. Id., showing an in- crease of £11,042 9s. 7d., as compared with tho receipts for the corresponding week of 1875. IT may be news to thoso who have long been piously waiting for the millennium to know that it has arrived. Wo have not positively seen it delivered, nor have wo ovon inspected the invoice, but we hav e every reason to beliovo that it is safe to hand, and that it is consigned to the Queensland Government. Wo have reached thin conclusion by the infallible process of comparing ancient prophecy with present ovonts. When we find the wolf lying down with the lamb, or what amounts to the same thing, when wo find Bishop Hale acting on the same commission with the Rev. Duncan M'Nab, then know wo that tho hour is come ; though which ¡a tho wolf and which is the lamb, a feeling of millennial cour- tesy constrains us to leave to those commis- sioners themselves to decide. We feel it neces Bary to state that tho above is not " Barkastic." We are heartily glad to ??ee that eo-oporation for a good, or even a supposed good end, and that to a largo extent a religious ono, is possible between saving truth and damnable error-again millennial!}' waiving the question of which is which. Still, when we contemplate the future state of the aboriginal mind which is likely to be the outcome of this composite manipulation, we are troubled with a sense of half-caste iudefiniteness that is far from satis- factory to our prophetic soul. As it seems next to impossible for the clerical mind to confino itself to the secular side of any cause whatever, we would strongly advice these rev. gentlemen to fix upon some common theological ground, and to stick to it. We humbly suggest that they would find the "debbil-debbil" uncom- monly useful as a kind of theological interme- diary, or spiritual nexus, between conflicting "Phases of Faith." Perhaps, however, it is presumptuous iu us to commend the influence of terror to the attention of those who doubtless already know well how to use it. We feel on safer ground in our next suggestion. To insure still closer community of aotion and sontiment between the two fathers, we recommend Bishop Hale to grow a beard. We havo it on good authority that the unbearded Duncan found that his shaven chin would not go down with the aborigines ; and hence his adoption of what penny-a-linera (which, of course, ircaienot) would call "hir- sute appendages ;" and this, by the way, (but Hear it not, Duncan !") with a resulting per- sonal improvement of which only sworn celibacy can neutialise the dangerous effects-not upon the blacks. It would be a pity that the credit of a step so indicative of growth (should not be shared_ in, or rather duplicated, by the repie sentative of Anglicanism, more especially as t other father has " raised the beard " to tho rank of a distinct missionary influence. It is wonderful what weighty results may hang upon trifles light as hair, and it might bo intciestiug to know how much of the failure hitherto of our reverend prosolytiseis among the blackB may have been due to the epicene appearance of their faces. .... Well, all things considered, wo wish the two fathers all success ; and wo only hope that whon tho work of regeneration is completed, that is to Bay, when thero aro no more niggers loft to be saved, they, or their sur vivmg priestly congeners, may find in them f Ives somo miused-up residuo of enthusiasm to oo turned to tho benefit of the moral outcasts at .". Holoua, tlio mental invalids at Woogaroo, .""I the half-forgotten victims of decay at uimwich.--»Specialities" in The Queenslander. 'f HE Queensland Tinta announces the appoint ' fjient of the Rev. Thomas Craig, lately pastor of St, Stephen's Church, Ipswioh, to the position of Polios Magistrate at Thorgomindah, a township «bout 120 miles beyond Charleville. - ' AT the City Police Court, o Saturday, before Mr. Rawlins, Police Magtstrau \ person charged with using abusive language was cautioned and discharged.-James Hughes, for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment ; and James O'Brien, for indecent behavior, was fined £5, or in default three months' imprisonment. SELDOM, if ever, sit this season has there been (says The Dully BortXd) BO long a continuance of excessif« heat as that which now prevails in Dalby, and indeed, as we leam, generally to the west. The f e w'tbEnderstorms that hare oconrrsd h»ve .exercised 'oaly a temporary influence in cooling the atmosphere, which has soon regained its tropical chmracter. The thennometer tías ranged in Dalby, during the past fortnight, fain 100° to dlS" iin the shade, and, as the -sun's declination is increasing, there is «very .proba- bility of a continuance of this state of affairs for some time. On Tuesday evening a somewhat sharp lightning and thunderstorm, which rose "from two » qtarters, south and east, and united .orer the town, prevailed for several hours, dur iing which we were favored with some 'refreshing rain. The storm was very heavy at -ffimbour and at Jessop's paddock, where, we nro «informed, a large quantity of rain foil. On Thursday afternoon a thunderstorm comnieuied in the north, and after some timo spread over a part of the town, finally subsiding in the east. Yester- day was hot and cloudy, but fine. THE Stanthorpe Miner, commenting on the death of a man named Charles Ruxton, in the look-up, while suffering from delirium tremens, says :-" The magisterial enquiry into the cir- cumstances attending the melancholy death of the unfortunate young man, Ruxton, which we publish in another column, affords one more link in the endless chain of frightful examples against excessive intemperance. The deceased had been in the employ of the telegraph department, as line repairer and messenger (for this district, during the past four or five months, and though during the first month or so of his appointment he appeared most temperate and attentive to duty, it soon became apparent that he was fast giving way to the influence of drink. Neglect of duty followed, as a natural sequence, resulting in his suspension, exactly a woek prior to the sad climax, during which period the unfortunate de- ceased drank more excessively than ever, »which, in the delicate state of his constitution, as shown by the evidence of Dr. Marley, could not fail to terminate fatally. Apropos of this subject, it is strange that in selecting officers for the important appointment of line repairer, more care is not taken that the men are fitted for their duties, as this is the second instance of incapability for office, and consequent inconvenience to the station master and public, that has arisen in succession. RETORT speaks most favorably (says The Northern Argus) of tho effect already produced on the Uppor Flat by the training wall-that the channel shows a depth of some two feet more than is shown on the gauge, and that the silt deposited by the dredge in the natural channel lower down has all boen swept away. " TROUBLES come not singly, but in batta- lions." How often (says The Queensland Times) does the history of individuals as well as of nations illustrate the acute observation of Shakespeaie. The saying received a local appli- cation by a series of events which occurred last Saturday at Bundauba. Mr. William Cripps is a struggling fanner, who rents from Mr. Cooper a farm at that place. The half-year's rent was nearly due, and the money which was to pay it was to come from the proceeds of a fine stack of oaten hay, value about .C25. While burning off somo corn-stalks a epark alighted upon tho hay, and set it on fire. As may be supposed, Mr. Cripps mado frantic efforts to extinguish it, but without success. Half-suffocated with smoke, with his hands and arms burnt, the man would certainly have perished had it not been for tho imploring exclamation of hislittlo nephew, about nine years of age. Seeing his uncle lingering among the flames, and seemingly stupid, he ran up to him, crying, " Dear uncle, do come away, or you will be burnt to death." About an hour after this word was brought that one of his milch cows was bogged , the cow shortly after died. Cripps did not at Iii st think much of tho injury to himself, but during Sunday and Sunday night the pain he suffered was excruciating. On Mon- day morning ho visited Dr. Kennedy, who dis- covered that, whilo his hands and arms were dreadfully burnt, he was in most danger from the internal injuries caused bj' inhaling the heated air and smoke. The man describes his symptoms as if he felt a fire burning within him. To add to their distiesss, his wife is approaching her confinement, and is left for a time penniless and in debt to support not only a large family of her own, but also two of her sister's children. This is surely a case which merits the exercise of benevolence. Cripps is a haid-working indus- trious man, who was just commencing to prosper when these untoward events occun ed. A help- ing hand now may again raiso bim to his feet, and we trust that it will not bo withheld. A subscription-list has been already opened at Bun- dauba. Contributions will be thankfully received by tho editor at this office ; or by Messrs. J. V. Jenkins, Richard Seymour, and Alexander Costello, Bundauba. Subscribers are requested to accompany their subscriptions with their names. A VALUABLE mineral discovery has been made (says our Sydney correspondent) by Mr. Wilkinson, F.G.S., of the geological sur- vey department. During Mr. Wilkinson's examination of a goldfield reserve in the western district, he observed the important fact that the gold found in the tertiary alluvial deposits had chiefly been derived from the conglomerate in the coal measures. These conglomerates were ossociated with beds of sandstone, and shales containing the fossil plant chracteristic of our coal measures, the glossopteris. At one place tho conglomerate in situ is being worked, and yields from 1 to 15 dwts. of gold to the ton, and nug- gets weighing up to 5 ozs. have been found in it. Several hundred tons of the conglomerate (locally termed "cement") have been crushed, but as the yield is said to have been patchy or variable, work has been partially stopped, and the ground is now hold under lease. There are, however, a few miners at work. The gold is coarse, scaly, and waterworn. This is the first time that gold has been noticed to occur in payable quantity in the coal measures of the colony, and it is not unworthy to remark, Mr. Wilkinson adds, that we here possess one of tho most ancient auri- ferous alluvial deposits in the world. "Apart from the scientific interest attaching to the sub- ject," says Mr. Wilkinson, "of tho geological age of auriferous alluvia, the fact that gold in pay- able quautity has been proved to exist in the coal measures is one of considerable importance, for it may lead not only to the working of some of tho conglomerate beds at the old diggings, but also to the discovery of other similar auri- ferous patches, which no doubt occur in other parts of the colony where the same geological features are presented." 