CHECKMATE, ,' , BV THE AUTHOR OF ' THB HOUSE BY THE CHUHCHYABD,' ' WILLJKG TO DIB,' ' UKCLK 6IDA8, BTG, CHAPrfiE II. UABTHA TANSEr. ' * By-ths-bye, Loiigeluse,' said Richard, as they entered together tbe lone tiled passage that leads to tbe billiard-room, 'you like pictures. There is one here, banished to tbe housekeeper's room, that they say is a Vandyck; we must nave it cleaned and1 backed, and restored to ita 'old place — but would you c ire to look at it p' ' - ertaiuly, I should like extremely,' said Mr. Longcluse. , They were now at the door of the housekeeper's roam, and Kichard Arden knocked, ' Come in,' said the quivering: voice of tbe old woman from within. Richard Arden opened tbe door wide. The misty rose- coloured light or the setting sun tilled toe room. From iha wa 1 right opposite, the p-.lo por trait of Sir Talmas Ardt-n, who fought Lor the king during the great Civil War, looked forth from bis deep dingy Irnnie full upon them, stern and uiel Bacboly; tie misty beams touching the eolter lijhts of his loug hair nnd the gleam of hie armour S3 happily, thut the figure came out from its dark background, rind steined raady to ttep forth to meat them, Asi: happened, tbera was no one.iu the room but bid Mrs. Tacsey, the housekeeper, who received Richari Arden stsndiug. From the thr^eholii. Mr. Lonacluse. lost in wonder at the uoble picture eazel en it, rcicli tue exclamation, almost a cry, 'Good he»7o,:il wh« & nob.e work ! I had m iie» tksre flculd be suci * thing in exiftecce aid 6) little known.' And be stood for awhile ia a rapture, gazwg from tbe threshold on t!ia pjrirait. At the sount; of that voice, with a v;.gue and terrible recognition, the housekeeper turned wiih a start towards the door, expecting, you'd fcave fancied from her fica, the ea:raace of a ghost. There was a tremble ia the v.ioe with which che cried, ' L^rd, what's that?' a tremble in the band extended to wards tbe door, ind a sbake nisi) in thep*le (rowu ioe face, fr.ru whicli bhone her el&'.sy eres. Mr. Longcluse stepped ia, and the oli woman's g^ze became, us he did ?o, mers shrinkitijj ftd in tcnEa. (Vbea he eaw her he recoiled, as a mi2 might who bad all bat fnd upon a snake; md these two people gtzad at one another with a Ia Mr. LoiiKo!usa's C16S, this disudl caprice ot counteniccsdid n^t last boyoDda seeoad or two. Eichard Arden, a? he turned hia eyes from ihe pic ture to titya word to his companion, saw it fora moment, -nd it faded from nis features - saw it, and the darkened couutenncce of ihs eld house keeper, witb ii momentary shock, lie glanced from one to the other quickly, witb a loefe of uncou ecious surpme, Thitlook inBtauilf recalled Mr. Longcluse, who, layi-j^ his bund on Ric a:d Ardeu's arm, said, with * lauga -' I do believe I'm tbe most nervous man in the wo;ld.' » * ' You don't fin j U,e room wo hot ?' site K chsrd, inwardly ruaiissiting upon tiie Gtrange looks he had just seen txchuiged. *M)b IVlscj keeps a fire all the year rourd— don't you, Militia '(' MBrtbadid not answer, nor set m to best; sbe pressed her lean baud, inste&O;, to her htiurc, aud draw back to ft sofa sad sst eo to, muatritig, 'My God, lighten our darkness, we beseech trite!' and she iooked -s if ole were o'n the puiLt of faint inp. ? la-n is a lrua Vftodyclr, said Jar. Lonpcluee, who wns q )w Hgaiii lookiup steadfastly at the pic ture. 'Itdeseryes tiriuk among his finest por traits. I hav« never see:i anything oE his moifl forcible. You really ougtit not to leave it htre, and in 'this state,' He' walks 1 over and raised the lower eud of the frame fjently from tue whII.'4 Yes, just as ycu said, it wrtnts fj be backaj. Tiie port rait would nst stand t oiiake, I can tell you. The canvass is perfectly rotien. »nd ihe puint— i: you stand here you will see— is re^dy to Hike off. It iflnaAnfui nltr. Vnn Rhnnliin'c 1a4v^ it. in Mir»h danger.' ' :; ' NoJ said Eicbard, who was looking at the old woiuaS. ? 1 don't think Martha's well — will you ; excuse me for a monaitr' And he was at tb« I housekeepers tide. * Wbat's ths mitter, Martha ?' ! he s«id kindly. 'Are you ill?1 1 ' Very bad, sir. 1 beg yeur pardon for sittirg, i butlcjulinothelp; and the gentleman will tx- j cuss me.' | 1 Of course — b 'it what's the matter ?' I ' A sudden fright like, Sir. I'm all over on a tremble,' sbe quivered. ?See how exquisitely that hand is painted,' continued Mr, Longcluse, pursuing his criticism, ? ana tne art witfl wmch tne lights are managed. It is a wonderful picture. Ic makes one positively angry to sie it in that state, and anywhere but in the most conspicuous and honourable place. If I cwBed tint picture, I should never ae tired show icg it. I should have it where evttryone who cime into my Douse should eee it; and I should watch every crack and blur on its surface, us i fchould thii symptoms of a dying child, or the looks of the miatreis of my bear;. Now just look il this. Where is he P Oh ?' ' t beg your pir.ion, a thousand times, but \ find my old friend M.artba feels a little r'lint and ill,' raid Richird. ? Dear me! 1 hop» she's better,' esid Mr Lwg cluse, appr.sACbing with solicitude 'Can 1 be of any use t Shall 1 touch tie bell F' 'I'm bstt«r, Sir. I think you; I'm much better/ said the old woman. ' It won't signify nothing, only — ' She was looking h»rd again m Mr. Long cluse, who sow seemed perfectly at hiB ease, ani showed in his countenance nothing but the com miseration befitting the occadon. -A sort of - weakness— a fright like— ana I can't tnink, quite, wast came over me.' ' Don't you think a glass of wine might do her good P' asked Mr. Longcluee. 'Thanks, Sir, I don't drink it. Oh, lighten our darkness, we beseech theel Good Lord, a' mere; on as 1 1 take them drops, hartshorn and vale rian, on a little water, when I feel nervous like l aoB-i Know wnen i was tooK wi' icreepics before.' ' You look better,' said Richard. ' I'm quite tight again, Sir,' she said, with e. sigh. She had taken her 'drops,' and seemed restored. 'Hadn't you better have on »' of the maids wi;b you? I'm going now; I'll send some one,' hi- snid. ' You must get all right, Martha. It pain* me so see you ill. You're, a very old friend, re member. You must be all right again ; and, if you like, we'll have the doctor out, from town.' He said this, holding -her thin old hand very kindly, for be was by no means without 'good nature. So sending the promised attendant, he and Longctuse proceeded to the billiard-room, where, Having got tbe lamps lighted, toey began to eB joy their smoke. Eich, I fancy, was tainking of the little incident in the housekeeper's room. Taere was a long eiler ce. ? Poor old Tansey 1 She looked awfully, ill,' said Kichard Arden at last. ?By Jovd 1 she did. Is that her came? She rather frightened me,' said Mr. Longcluse. ' 1 thought we had stumbled on a mad woman — she stared so. Has she ever had any kind of fit, poor thing?' ' Ko. She crumbles a good deal, but I really '.sink she's a healthy old woman enough. She says she was frightened.' * We came in too suddenly, perhaps?' ' Ko, that wasn't it, for I knocked first,' said Arden. 'Ah, yes, so you did. I only know she fright ened me. 1 really thought she was out of her mind, and that she was going to stick me witb e. knife, perhaps,' enid Mr. Longcluee, with a little laugh and u, shrug. Arden laughed, and puffed away at bis cigar til! he had it in a glow again. Was this explanation of what he had seen in Locgcluse'e countenance — a picture presented bat for * fraction of a second, but thenceforward ineffaceable— quite satiefsc tory^-'.-V ?.-?:-.? . .. ... .-.--',. i :? In a short time Mr. Longclusa asked whether he ?could have a little brandy and water, which ac cordingly was fnrniebed. In this firjst glass there wse a great deal of brandy, snd very little water indeed ; end his second, sipped more at his kit we, was but little more diluted, A very faint flueb tinged his pallid cheeks Richard Arden was, by this time, thinking of bis own deb's and ill-luck, »rd at last be said, -I wonder what the art of getting on in the world is.' Mr. Longcluse sailed ticornfullyV * There sre men who have immente fai.h in tt-emseivts,' grid tie, ' who have iucomitable will, and who tire pro vicea with crate ana putney l. r any situation. Those men are giants from ihe first to tbe las: hour of action, unless, «s happened to N .poleon, tuccats enervates them, ia -be cradle, they strangle serpents ; blind, they pulldown placet; old as Dinaolo, they burn Herts tind capture citus. It is only wht-n they have tfiten ti bringing that j that the luez Napoleonic hut stt in. How 1 have | teen, in a tense, a fiucc.s?ful uiin-I am worth i some money. I( I weie the ton o: man I (fescribe. I I sbuuid be wor:b, if I carwl lor it, tnu times what 1 have in ts a&ny; year?. But 1 don': care to con fess I made my inoni-y hy rlukef. 11, biiving no tendernefs, you have two attributes— profound cunning and pejfecc audacity— uothirjjj can keep youb.;ch. I'm a commoK-pl.^ce mim, i tay; due 1 know what couetiiutts power. Life is a buttle, and :be general's qualities w;u.' 'I have not got ihe general's qualities, I think ; and I know 1 haven't luck,' 6iiid Ardeu ; ? eo for my part I may as well drift, with sh little trouble ii- may be, wherever tae current dnres. tfanniuess is cot for all men.' * Happiness ie Jorno man,' Eaid Mr. LougcluEe. Aud a little tilenco fUlowea. 'Wow suppose a ihllow has got more money than ever hoOKatEad of,' he returned, 'and fiada aiuuey, alter all, not quite what he fancied, iiiid that fce bus come to locg for a prize quite distinct and icfinitely more precious; to tbathu fiuus, at last, that be never cm be happy wishout it. and jet, for ell bis long ing and his psics, sees it is usattainable as that star.' (He pointed to a platet that Kboae cown I through the skylight.) 'Is that man happy ? He carries with him, go where he may, »n aching! hearr, tha papgs of jealousy sad dfspi'r, and tbe I longing of the damued for Paradise. Ilittismy' miBeraule caee.' j | JS'RbBrd Arden laughed, re be lighted his second ' ii-'g»*' i 1 'r'i?iTi, if that's yuur CiSf. ycu cw't ba one of j those giants you discribtii jusl now. Womtn ate . not ths obdurate and. crv.vl creatures y:u faucy. I They are proud, and vain, £lid ?uLtvitlvingj but I the misery and the perrKv^.runca of a lover consti tutnn worshin that fir.-.t flaiiirf p.cd thtn wins i them. Bemember thiv, a wooi»n rinds it ve;y ! hard to give up a worshipper, txcuiA for Rnotber. I Now why should you despair ? You nre a Ren tie- , insiti, you are a cltver f«Jiow, un agreeable fellow ; you are whit is accoujt^tl v. young man still, and you can make your wife rich. They fill like that, j It is not avarice, but pride. 1 con't know the young lady, but I tee no good reaan why you naould fail.' 'I wieb, Arden, I dare :e:l you all; but some day I'll tell you more.' i ' The ouly thing U — tou'll net rnicd my ttlling you, as you have b^en eo fr&uk; wilt mo f ' ' Pray eay whatever ycu think. I thall be ever to :j.u;b obliged. I forget £« juany things about Bngliih manners and ways of thinking — I have lived so very much abroad. Should I be put* up for a club?' ' Well, 1 should not minfl a club just yet, till you know more people -quite time enough. But you must manage better. Way thoulii tboie Jew fellows, and other people, who don't hold, nnd never c&n;, a xwsition the least like yours, be among your acquaintance ! You must mitke ita rule to drop all objectionable perscus, scd know ncna but sood people. OE cour-.e, when you are ttrong enough it doesn't ko much matter, provided you keep them at arm's length. But you parsed your younger dayn abroad, as you eay, und not being yet so well known heie. you will huve to be particular — don't you see? A man ia so much judued by his acquaintance ; and, in fnct, it is essential.' ' A chjusand tiianka for «oy hints tbat strike* ?They sound frivolous; but these trifies have immense weight with womon,' eaii Arden. ' By Jove !' he added, glancing at his watch, ' we shall be late. Your trap is at the door — suppose we go?' CHAPTER III; ME. LONGCLTJSK OPENS HIS HEART. The old bousekeeperbad drawn near the window, and Btood close to the pane, through which -he looked out upon the stur-ltt nigrit. Tbe -tars ?liine down over the f.iliage of huge old trets. Dim us shadows stind toe horse and tax-cart that await Mr. Louf;c!use and Rich«rd £rden, who now a; length appear. The grooms fixes the lamps, one of which shines full on Mr. Ljugcluse's peculiar face. 'Ay, the voice; I could a' sworn lo that,' she muttered, 'fc went through me like r ecythe. But that's a strange face ; aud yet there's eummat in it, just a hint like, to call my thoughts out ft aeeking up and down, and to and fro ; and 'twill not let me rest untill I come to find tae truth.. Mice? No, no. Linglyr1 Not he, Yet 'twas t-ummat that night. I think, summit awful. And who was there ? No one. Ligo-en our darkness, we beseech thee, O Lard ! for my heart is sore troubled.' Up jumped the groom. Mr. Longcluse had the rems in his hand, and he and hi6 companion passed owiltly by the window, und the dash of tbe lumps croesed the panelled walls of :h« housekeepei'd room. The light danced wildly from comer to corner of tbe waimcot, accompanied by the shadows of two geraniums in *ow-pots on the winiow-stool. The lampb flew by, and she still jtood there, with the palsied shake of her bead and hind, looking out into tbe dart ness, in rurai canon. Arden and Longcluee elided through tbe sight air in silence, under the mighty old trees that bad witnessed generations of Ardene, down the darker, narrow rond, and by the faded old inn, once famous -in those regions as the ' Say of War nick,' representing still on itB boird. inumiiAhed gold and colours, that .redoubted champion, with a boar's head on the point of his sword, nnd a crotesque lioa winding itself fawningly about his horse's legs. As they passed swiftly along this smooth and deserted rood, LongcluBiJBpok^. Aperit piascordia vinom. In Mb brandy and water he had not spared alcohol, nnd the quantity was considerable. ' I hare lots of money, Arden, and J can talk to people, as you say,' he suddenly said, as if Kichard Arden had spoken but a moment before ; - but on cue wnole, is mere on eaten a more miseraDie aog than I? There are things that trouble me that would make ycu laugh; tkere are others that would, if I dare tell them, make you sigh. Soon I shall be able ; soon you shall know all. I'm not a bad fellow. I know how to give away money, and, what ib harder to bestow on others, my time and labour. But who to look at roe would believe it? I'm not a worse fellow than Penruddock. I con cry for piiy and do a kind act like him ; but I look in my gUss, and I also feel like him, 'the mark of Cain' iB on me— cruelty in my face. Why should Nature write on some men's faces such libels on their characters? Then hern's another thing to make you laugh— yon, a handsome fel low, to whom beauty belongs, I say, by right of birth— it would make me langh also if I were not, as I am, forced evety hoar I live to count up, in agonies of hops and terror, my chances in that enterprise in which all my hapi ineee for life is staked so wildly. Common ugliners does not matter, it is got over. But such a face as mine ! Came, come! you are too good-natured to say. I'm not asking for consolation ; I am only summiog up my curses, 