General News. The hay crop in Victoria has been almost destroyed by the continued rains. In Adelaide a shoemaker named James Mullins has been committed for trial for fracturing his wife's skull with a brickbat. It is reported that arrangements have been completed for the visit of a prof ssional team of English cricketers to Australia, during the next season. The Chinese cook at the Telegraph Camp Pine Creek has been murdered by another Coolie. The mandore was also seriously wounded. A Queensland telegram says that two children have been burned to death through the explosion of a kerosine lamp. The mother and a third child were seriously injured. A fire has occurred in a house at Shepherd's paddock New South Wales, through children playing with matches A man named David Jones and three children were seriously burnt. A meeting of Victorian school teachers has passed a resolution in favor of being placed on an equal footing regarding salaries with other public servants. Kerney and Field, the Adelaide highwaymen, who about nine years since were sentenced to death for robbery under arms, and wliose sentence was afterwards com-' muted to imprisonment for life, have been set at liberty, The soundings for the submarine tunnel between England and France are being carried on actively. '1 hev are at this moment directed to the part of the Straits near the' English coast, at a few miles from the shore. Each evening the vessel which carries the commission returns to Dover, Calais, oi Boulogne, and work is recommenced' the next day. The engineers charged with the important labour, MM. Larousse and Lavallee, are perfectly satisfied with tlie results obtained, and so far nothing has occurred to destroy their previsions relative to the depths. Geo. Marples, ostler, in the service of the Sheffield Carriage Company, narrowly escaped a horrible death recently. He had the care of a pair of entire Flemish horses which were used for funeral purposes, and one of which betrayed a very savage disposition. One night Marples was putting corn in this animal's manger, when it seized him by the arm, tossed him to the ceiling, and then dashed him to the ground. Tlie animal then knelt upon him, and was literally wording him, when his cries for assistance were heard, and he was rescued, not without considerable difficulty. His left leg and arm were broken, and he was otherwise frightfully mangled. The ascent of Mont Blanc has been exceptionally easy this season, and in conseqnence a greater number of ascents have been accomolished than in any previou year. On one day alone a caravan of 23 person reached the summit of this " monarch of Ruiopean mountains." One of these was a gentleman of 70 year of age. It was said that this veteran had recently been refused by a young lady on account of his advanced years, and he " did Mont Blanc" in order to prove that there was life in the old dog yet. Two ladies have likewise made the ascent, but the younger, who is still in her tee.is, on her return to Chamouni at once succumbed to a violent attack of typhoid fever, super, induced by the exertion, and she still remains there in a critical state. A curious story is current in Liverpool about an ine dent which occurred lately in a dwelling-house in the town. For some time strange noises have been heard in tlie house at nights, and as their cause could rot he traced they were put dewn to the operations of either ghosts, cats, or rate. Traps of various kinds were set for a longtime without success, but at last one morning a noise was heard louder than usual, and a rush was made to the spot, and a large fox was discovered maliinjr for the cellars and dragging a trap after him by his hind leg .He was closely pursued, and finally made for the chimney, where he was captured and killed. At this point the story becomes rather unsatisfactory, as no attempt is made to explain why an anim d of so shy and wild a kind as the fox should so far renounce his native habits as to take up his residence in the centre of a large town. In the latter end of the last century old Port Royal disappeared beneath the waves in an earthquake, leaving no other memorial behind than these few patches of reef. On calm and clear evenings, when there is not a ripple on the glassy surface of the sea, you may look down into 15 fathoms of water and see submerged houses, towers, and churches, with sharks swimming quietly in and out of the open windows of their belfries. The vrork of (entuties was destntyed in a few moments by one single convulsive throb of he firm land on which man has lived and speculated for ages past. An American diving company, instigated in their enterprize by tales of untold wealth buried beneath the sea by the sudden shock, rescued no treasures hut the hig bell suspended still in the bell tower, and donated the same to the museum of the Island, where it may be seen with many puzzling incriptions upon it which nobody lias as yet been able to decipher. I notice that in leaving places of evening amusement people havs already commenced to wrap up their throats. This habit is a great mistake, and brings on the very evil they wish to avoid, by making the throat hot and susceptible to cold air. When leaving a crowded building the neck should be left uncovered, and the mouth kept closed for a few minutes. By following this rule now, before the cold gets too severe, every one will gradually gets accustomed to the various changes as the winter advances. It is the inside, being the most delicate part of the throat, which requires protection from the sudden changes of our English climate--jfi/sical World. One of the saddest events which have ever occurred in Boston, United States, happened on Hayden Rowe Street, Mrs. Ryan, a widow lady, whose husband died during the war, has six children, one of them a boy, named Morris, being sixteen years old. The other day he caught a eat, which he was going to shoot, and taking the cat on one arm and a loaded gun in the other hand he started to go. down stairs to shoot it. Just as he began desce-ding the stairs a sister namza Mary, fifteen vears old, who did r.at want him to kill the cat, caught him by the shoulder and pulled him hack. The gun dropped from hi3 hand, faliing on the stairs and sliding down them- On the third step the hammer caught and snapped on the can, exploding the gun. The muzzle was pointing up the stairs where tl«3 boy and the sister were standing with two other sisters, and th° charge, which was of lartre shot, took deadly effect among them. The eldest sister was struck in the face and instantly killed, her features being fearfully mangled. A younger Eister was struck in the temple and also killed, while other shots took effect in the leg of the bey M;orris and' the arm of a third sister. Morris was terrible frightened s and, wounded as he was, rushed into, the utr et crying, "I have killed i my sister."- His cries attracted public attention to the spot, and surgical aid v?as at once summoned, but the two giris who had been struck in the hea,d were beyond the reach of help, The. wounds of the other two were attended, well. and they are doing Mdlle lima De Murska has married Mr. Alfred Anderson, the pianist. The Wesleyan Mission echooaer Jubilee ( has been totally wrecked at Lake Alea ' John Laidlaw a butcher, haa committed D U by C rink^ U " ing lliB ^oat. The work of laying the cable to cornet Kangaroo Island with the mainland completed. The wife of a carter at Geelong died the other day lu an hour from the bursting of a varicose vein in the leg. The R.M.S. Sumatra cleared from Melbourne with 58,000 ounces of gold and 23,000 sovereigns, as well as a number of passengers. Two hundred and sixty ozs. of gold have been found in a piece of quartz weighing only 4 3 ozs., from No. l South Claim, Stockyard Creelc. William Proctor, who had been for seven years suffering from acute internal pain strangled himself last week at Ballarat to end his misery. The value of the Sydney imports from the 1st of January to the 4th of December is £10,785,788. against £8,560,553 for the same period of last year. A publican at Eclmca named Seebeck de clared that he had bought from one of two men who had been "lambed-down" an order for £13 14s. for £5. P. M'Mahon, commission agent, has recovered £15.3 damages from an Echuca storekeeper, for injuries caused by the latter biting plaintiff's finger. A mysterious disease is destroying the horses in the neignbourhood of Mount Cope Hie animals suddenly fall on their heads several times, and then die without apparent cause. Last week a valuable draught horse disembowelled itself in jumping over a fence at Inglewood, and though only the heart and lungs remained in the body ran 200 yards before falling dead. ' A young man named Percy Plummaw a member of the Diysdale Rifle Corps, GeeloW has been arrested for attempting to shoot nimseit with his rifle. The act is attributed partly toi drink, and partly to a disappointment m love. During a terrible gale which nearly caused the 'Waveof Life" to founder on her trip from Sydney to Newcastle, the captain and the cook were *in succession washed overboard Rescue was impossible, as no boat could bave lived in such a sea. By an explosion of dynamite at the mouth of the Weser (Bremer-haven) seventy person• hare been killed and one hundred wounded Incredible as it may appear, the author of this fearful crime haB confessed that he committed it to sink a vessel and obtain . the insurance money. It is said that lately, at a certain farm at Rochester, the harvesters struck work because they had too much mutton set before them. There was a roast aud a boiled joint of muttnn, and also roast and boiled beef A heading-machine coming that way, the "farmer discharged all the grumb'ers. A day or two since a man named Geome Gibbs, a plasterer, who was on board the ship Glance at Port Adelaide fell straddle- legged across an ; ron beam, six inches wide in the hold. He made light of the accident and went home apparently unhurt, b»t soon afterwards he complained of .pain, and on the following day he died from rupture of the bladder. Carroll, the late member for Ararat, now in Pentridge on a long sentence, has' been detected in writing to his brother for drugs to enable him to conterfeit illn ss, and thus get his punishment remitted. The notorious' bank-robber, Scott, alias Captain Moon- light. haa also been discovered in the act of writing a letter. As he destroyed it, and was insolent to the warder, Mr. Duncan has awarded him additional punishment. The American ship "Messenger," from San Francisco to ; ort Townsend, has picked up at sea Henry Jelly, the only survivor of the 200 souls on board the steamer Pacific He w as saved after floating thirty-six hours on a portion of the pilot hoHse. The "Pacific" was bound from Victoria, British Columbia, to San Francisco, and was lost through a collision with some vessel unknown. A single woman, who arrived a few days ago by the immigrant ship Lady Jocelyn, has been sent to g^ol for two months for stealing a number of silver Spoons, forks, and other articles, from her employer, Mrs.' Lindrum, of the Clarence Hotel' Km^ William-street The girl had not been in Mrs. Lindrum's house more than 24 houri before she was found intoxicated, and while Bhe was being removed to her bedroom several spoons dropped from under her dress. "An instance of the rapid changes which take place in the levels of river banks in this country we may mention," writes the Garclrr Mercury "that some laborers erecting a fence near the junction of the North and South Para Rivers, in digging a h >le for a post, found a complete fence corner post strainer and four or five wires about six inches below the surface. The entombed structure is still in an upright position and perfectly sound. It is highly improbable that it could have been standing many years, but it is very uncertain how many centuries would be assigned to six feet of silting by antiquaries excavatiDg, say in the year 2875." The correspondent of the Ham ilton Spectator thus notices a one-legged gymnast, who is at present attracting attention in Melbourne :—''Amongst the artists who have been drawn towards Melbourne by the approaching festivities is the one-legged gymnast, Eugene Beda well known in all parts of New Zealand. Beda was a fearless circus rider, but when riding a scene in a circus at Wellington three years ago his horse fell and rolled upon the rider, breaking one of Beda's legs so shockingly that it was necessary to amputate it above the knee. Beda never lost courage, but when he was able to get about again with his crutch, " went in" for new sensations as a one-legged performer He taught himself himseif to ride the bicycle, to dance with or without the crutch, to do the trapeze business as cleverly and fear- lessly as if he had not been maimed, and to sing a song very fairly. But he brings with him an additional attraction in a young Maori wife, who is understood to be the first Maori woman appearing on the stage. She plays, sings, and dances well; but her passion is dramatic representation. To follow Beda, she left her profession as a schoolmistress in a native school, but her determination led to a little Maori. When lately in the northern part of the province of Auckland, the young wife was claimed by an influential chief as belonging to his tribe, to which he wished her to return. She declined to leave Beda, and for some days the pair were haunted by a gigantic Maori, whose persuasions wert insufficient, and who at last endeavoured to take her bv force. Maories on both sides were preseot, and Beda was struck, but felled his big opponent insensible to the earth with a blow from the head of his crutch. One of the natives is said to have died from the injuries he received, and Beda's friends found it necessary to bide him for a we k in the workings of a coal-mine, and then smuggle him and his bride by night on board the vesseLthat has brought them to Melbourne. Ia such a- case the Maori is tenacious in his- desire for" revenge, and it was necessary to, quit tlie : island. 