PROTESTANT HALL, NEWCASTLE. [from the herald's bbfokters.1 .At noon on Monday the foundation stone of a Protestant Hall was laid at Newcastle, in the presence of a large number of people, by the Rev. John Dixon, a minister of the Church of England, and Worshipful Master of No. 26 Lodge of Orangemen in the Newcastle district. The proceedings were similar to those on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the Protestant Hall now in course ?oi erection in aydney. Arrangements were made . for a great procession of Orangemen and other Protestants 'through the city to the site of the new hall, and between 10 -and 11 o'clock the procession began to form in the grounds -attached to the Asylum for Imbeciles. Here the ceremony of presenting an Orangeman high in office ?with a token of the esteem in which he ?was held by the brethren of the order was perfoi ttitd, a collar of blue silk velvet with gold bullion, fringe, and with the initials of office worked in gold, being handed to Brother James Wilson, P. G. M., by Brother Gough, W. G. M., in behalf of the Grand Council. The procession, when formed, was composed of members of ??Orange lodges, Protestant Alliance Friendly societies, and ?others — numbering in all from 500 to 600. Orange scarfs, rosettes, and emblems were numerous, and many females ?carried oranges upon the points of their parasol handles, ?whilst one or two women were walking about clothed ^wholly in orange-coloured dress. Headed by the Volunteer -Artillery Band, the procession marched down Watt-street ?«nd Hunter-street to the site of the new building, im mediately behind the Bank of Australasia. But on the anarch the police, under sub-inspector Thorpe, interfered, and compelled the Orangemen to furl or lower a large orange coloured banner, and a banner with a picture of King William' of Immortal Memory ' upon k. Having arrived at the site of the building the processionists -and very many others massed themselves in front of the place where the foundation stone was to be laid, and a large number of people were admitted to a platform upon which the ceremony was to take place. The Artillery band was stationed in front of the crowd, and banners and orange emblems were displayed in every direction. A gilded re presentation of a crown, set upon a pole or stafi, with a ?wreath, of flowers beneath, it, and intended to give an idea of the British Crown, was held aloft, and the objectionable orange banner, handsome but tantalising, was again un f urted. In obedience to directions of ' Put it on our owtt giound, and then they (the police) can't interfere,' the tanner was displayed from the platform, aad its appeuanoe was gTeeted with ibud cheers. Hymns were sung, prayer was offered up, and a portion of Scripture — the 53d chapter of Isaiah— was read before the cerem&ny; of laying the stone was proceeded with, Mr. F. A. Alcock acted as chairman, and on behalf of the directors of the Piotestant Hall, presented to Mr. Dixon a handsomely-wrought silver trowel and a mallet, with which to perform the ceremony of laying the stone. The building will have a frontage ©f 28| feet to King-street, and a depth of 85 feet ; the main entrancw being 14 feet in height and 7| feet in width. The main hall of the building will be 72J feet by 28| feet, and in height 184 feet. A stage will be erected at the end of the hall, and there will be a gallery. A second floor will contain a hall similar to that on the first floor, and it will be used for lodge meetings ; committee rooms, ante rcoms, kitchens, &c;, will be provided in various parts of the building, and other things necessary for a Protestant hall are to be found in the plans. The walls of the building will be of brick. After the usual preliminary proceedings at ceremonies of this kind the stone was placed in position, and declared to have been well and truly laid in the name of the Father.and of the Son-Jand ei the Holy Ghost. Cheering followed, and then The Bev. John Dixon then delivered an eloquent and appropriate address. A thunderstorm broke oyerthe city before the proceedings '?Wed, and rain Jailing heavily the crowd ripidly.dispersed. Fine weather reappeared very soon, and then the Orange men and thur friends wended their way to the A. A. Ccnip:.ny's paddock wheie sports were to take place. Later in the dny b party of Orangemen wearing their sashes, weie walking down Jllane- Mrcet, and meeting some Roman Catholics k me offensive remarks passed, and eventually a right took plRce. Semo policemen and others interfered, ^itd the quarrel was stopped. With the exceptions stated, ihe uocy (dings thiouphoui tho day were very orderly and f-ati.'liictory. Many of those who took part in tho demon - f-tiaticu thine from Sydney or from the country. 