M. CARME AT THE GOLDEN AGE. M. Carmc, -who is. the champion billiard , player of the - world at tho French, or cnunon \- -gamogavo"thoiirstof-throocxhibitions-oMhs BkiU at the Goldon Ago Hall on Saturday night.- The attondnnco was himtod.__Mauy persons could not get away from business; others objootod to. the. prico of admission. Tuucb uro dull, and balf-a-crown is hurd to find for a night's nmuBomontv However, tboso who paid Utc flguro had no. reason to complain of tho return tlioy got for it. Tho play of M. Curmo is in comparable with auy thing colonial billiard Jlayers lnvo seen. ' Tho gamo as played by Mr. lobortB with liuznrds, npot-strokos, push sliots, Ac.,, is apt to grow wearisome eroit onds, but not bo tiio ganio of M. Garxno. It is loo quickly got tbrdugn ; thovo avo loo many stuiirisoB, and so many mnn'ollous rovolatloiis of tlio possibilities of billiardfl, Jtliqt tlio siMiclatore do not tiro of tho ' gamo. it8rlf.r'Batiirdny higlit'fi nintbh:-rMr. J. G. Sini8bn ;hoing M; Carmo's oppoiiout?— wcb a lnagiiilicbiU' oxhibitioii' (>f cannon l>l»y M1' \- 8imson'uiiddrlook to play ratlier ns a foil than a oompotilor to .the colubratud Fronohuian, and playod, in an ordinary sonso, vory well. But tho play against liim was " oxtmordiuary, and lio'-hadn't "the ghost of a show from tho first. M. Carino broke, ran up to 62, oaoh cuimoii scoring two. Mr. Biinson scored 0. M. Carmo _ ' sooro'cl 42. then 22. thon 4, 32. 68, 48, 48, and 1L Mr. SunRon hud scored breaks of "C, fi, wlion his oppoiiont got tlio bulls well in hand, and started on a brotik of 204— or 102 ouunons. Tho jiluy was marvollous. Thoro was scarcely a oonocivablo Misitiou in which Uio player could not scoroj but,' his " strong suit" was tho art of nursing tho halls. Given Uio object bulls closo togothor, nbUiiug could prevent him from run ning up' ton, twenty, thirty, or forty, untliom yory porbopUbly moving tho Imlls. M. Carino ' dan mako Boino hundreds of oannons witliin a anaco of two foot, and, judging from l»i« play of Saturday, w'o should hnngino that iLho onco got Uio bulls to his liking there' would bo iro limit to hs scoring power. His mnstory of strength is of course perfect. Tho bulls always cotno . tngeUier, ho matter how hard or limv soft tlio stroke, thoro they are; tlioy scorn obedient to lus '.wiy, and oomo and go just as ho likcR. No ' M push". tl«)ts— iii wliich . Rr»bort8oxco1s— nro .. allowod, but the mi/mc stroke (in which the ouo . is hold perpeudioubir.y, uud Uio stroke is conso quohtly vertical), aud a wondorful truth of screw :Uud— drawbackrrchablo- llio—playor-rto— scoro- whornvcr tho balls arc loft. After tho 204 brouk, -M.-Gurmp-Bcnrod 4 i-Si-fiOj-auilBHfUio- latter placing him nt 054, to Mr. ShiiHoirs 82. After tlio match an exhibition" of play followed, ntid if the spectators were astonished beforo they woro doubly surprisod at tlio feats of'tho pro- foHsor.. Imprimiu cannoiiH were made at any spot on the tublo tlio player chose to denote. A -Ciio-wus-hold-a-fow- inclios-ovor Iho-lublnrtho rod "Wjis" )»liiccTdin a "corner of the- bjitilk"oiHi,— Mr Curmo tduyed a few inches froin it on to tlio whitoj-liis hull jumped ovor the ctio aud curling under it'enmo back and ennnniiod on the red. A ball was hold nil a man's heud bosido the tulde ; the rod bull placed on tlio top of Uiu boll- handle, and the player with a brief remark, " on tlio red," struck the while, cannoned on tho red uud sent it flying. The ball was field on tlio bowl of a pipe in Uio sumo way, nnd a cannon itifwTo in the sumo way ; p'.nced on an adjoining table, it was also struck, aud struck and struck again through a tissue paper hoop. KW balls wore, placed in a- row at Uiq foot of Uio tnblo, and struck ono after another round tlio tabid— nil whirling about Uto tnblo at Uio Butno timo, but when their speed was dono tlioy all lay together up in a small comer of thu tnblo. .Twelve bottles woro placed on the table; nine bulls were thon sent ono uftor the oilier round the angles, iu arid out amongst tlio bottles, but no bottlo was Rlruck, and ngnin the balls lay in .Ui<i_comer withiii a apaco of Hcarcoly less tluin a foot. Thcso maivcllotis fonts woro rcpeatodly applnudod, and those who woro present. wore delighted with tho exhibition.— Maryborough and Dunuolly Arlucr/itfcr. 