POLICE STORIES. By W. W. THE MOUNTED OFFICER. (There was in Queen street, a' lew years agoi an office in which a wcll-knnwn commission agent, wlum I shall call Roche, was doing a very good business. He was an activo and Capable man, but rather addicted to free living. He was open banded, and free hearted, too, and had so many friends that the office was quite a jolly place on occasions, both in and out of business hours. Mr Roche was a bachelor, and lived, I believe, in Brighton, but, as my story has nothing to do with his private residence, I had better describe the office to you. . It was on the west side of the street, and was a large room on the ground floor. A small private office waB partitioned off this room, and the largd window looking into the street was right against Mr Roche's own writing-table. In the large apartment two clerks had desks, which they left as regularly as the clock struck five. I was on that beat for a long time, and, as Mr Roche had been in the habit of leaving for good at four or thereabouts, I began to wonder when I. saw him occasionally returning after daik, and let ting himself in with his key. 1 thonght for a long time that business matters were going wrong with him, for he grew irritable and variablo in manner. Ho used to be one of the jollicBt men going, but I began to find oat that sometimes, when he came back at night, it was not Bnfc to bid him pood even ing, for he resented it as an impertinence. . But after a bit I began to change my mind as to the cause of the great difference in- Mr Roche. I saw liim go into his office, on more than one occasion «r two, unmis- tokeably under the influence of drink. On these nights the light burned in the office all through my watch, and I left itstill burning when the watch was changed. I < I got to watching the' broker, and naturally so in the way of duty, seeing him enter tho office, quite overcome with liquor, and keeping a lamp burning inside, I got afraid of fire. There were Venetian blinds to the big office window, which were, .of 'course, drawn up daring, the "day, in !fact, 'gener ally remained drawn tip day and niglit, and when Roche began to come back nnd sit for hours at his desk hp used to lower these blinds j but after a bit he got careless, or perhaps was.' too far gono to1 remember that Lb . could' be seen from the stro:t ; bnt, . at all events, I, not unfrcquently, : was : 1 able to look over the paint on the bottom .part of tho windows and see .what ho was about. In general he didn't seem, to be about much ; be would lay his aims on the desk nnd his head on them, and sliep or seem to sleep, hut tho brandy bottle always stood on the top of the desk with the glass beside it, and always the contents diminished until when I loft the boat it was nearly 'empty. I knew this state of things could not con tinue, and I only, wondered what phase the, effects of drink bad' taken when be, one night, or rather morning — for it was after ono, o'clock — opened the office door, and looked up and down the street, apparently in Bcarch' of mo, for seeing me on tho opposite side of the Btroet, he beckoned me over. When I got to his side,, ho re-entered and told me'to follow, "Sit down," he said, as he removed his office chair, and there, as his face was in the full glare of the lamp, I observed how wild he looked. His'fane waB unnaturally while, and his eyos ablaze ; his ha'r, which wag, abundant, was tossed about, nnd piled up over his forehead as though his fingers hnd been clutching it, nnd hiB very attire did not wear his ordinary seeming. . . " I kuow you, Martin, and you kDOW mo," ho began, in a firm and dogmatic manner. "You have known mo a' .considerable ' time. Do you think mo a 'coward ?" : ! " I ' have no Tcnson to think you anything of the sort, Mr Roche," I answered. "Or a fool— did you over think I was a f.ol ?" I " Certainly not. sir; no mnn in liiB senses would or could think you a fool." ! "And yot I am going to say that to you that may make you doubt my sanity, and before! say it let me assure von' that I am in the fall possession of ail my senses. Martin, this offico is haunted. i I looked at the mnn, who was steadily gazing at mc, nnd then 1 my eyes involunta rily wandered to the bottle nnd glass at 'his' hand. "Ah!" he said quickly. "I quite'ex- pceted ill Of course, yon think I bavo.been drinking; but you're wrong." " Well, you see it is such a strange thing to say. We don't' believe in ghosts now n- daya." . - ' " We do 1" wo said, " we must 1 We can not doubt our own senses— ut least I cannot mine," ' Tell mc about it Mr Roche," I said, humoring him as I would a child, " YeF, that's what I brought yon herd for. You may have observed, Martin, that I've pot into a habit of coming to tho offico nt night, and I do it because I am not a coward. I dare say its'two months ago, now, since I was up late at n supper party, and had taken too much wine, so I thought:I would come nnd have ' a nap on the couch here, before letting anyone Bee .me. I laid down tberc, and slept I-don't know how long, but I seemed to open my eyes wide awake in an instant, nnd tbey. rested on the'figure of n woman standing there in the doorway." ! " Perhnps it was ft' womon" I said as he paused, " You may have forgotten to fasten the door, nnd some ." "That woman never entered by .ft door Martin, for I don't mind tellingvou it wns a ; dead womnn, and one I have cause to re- meraber. But now, Martin, I thought, liko you, thatl might he. the victim of some-mis- ' toko or hallucination, nnd I- mado , up, ,my mind to watch hero, I have done so, and have seen her again and again scores of times." " It is very strange,'.' I said, not. knowing what else to any. . . .. " No, it is not strange ; if yon had known the woman, yon won'd not think so, She . was a ivieked woman ; a woman that would carry her spirit into tho place of puniBh: mont itself. Do you know what I think, .Martin ? I think that.hermaster is permit ting her to try and drive me mad, so that my soul will bo lost." .... What could I say ?. I firmly believed that the poor man Was astray, and that the cause was standing nt his elbow, in the.contents of, a bottle. " If I thought so,' Mr Roche,' I would cer tainly keep dear of the office at night. She won't appear during business hours." "Ah, that's it, you seo ; I won't let her Best mfi, I never did ; she nearly ruined me, body: and soul, but I shook her off at last, and I'll shake her off now too?" , " Is she dead ?" I, asked , " Dead 1 yes; bow could her spirit come hero and appear to me if sho wasn't, dead ? She died nearly threo years ago, and I was never so glad in all my life as when I read it in tho newspaper" I was sorry, for the poor man, hut I could not help him, I could only try to cons liim a bit. Mr. Roche take my. advice " I said, as- 1 got up to go on' my beat again. " Go home nnd get to bed, and don't be spending your nights here .watching her.- I'm afraid, Sir. that you're taking too much of this, '.'-and I laid a finger on the bottle, " and-.its filling your licnd with notions. You know it does it " "It does, Martin, but this is no notion ; she cemes here as sure as you stand there, nnd I must drink; If I didn't I should be afraid to fno, har. Afraid, do you hear, and with a shaking hand hp poured out some of the spirits, and tossed it' down his throat, - . 1 went out and closed the door behind mo. Ijhad not the (slightest doubt bnt that tbe poor fellow was suffering from what is ordinarily called" thehbrrors," nnd'wonld in all probability, have n Bhnrp attack of de cided delirimHltremensbeforelorig; I decided to see some of his friends as sson as I was relieved, and get them to put bim under some sort of'supeivision for bis own good. As I pnsscd tho window I stopped and looked iii at him ; he had laid his bend down wenrily ou his arms, and seemed sleeping' and I was glad to seo it. I could think of nothng else as I wandered up and down my bent, and found myself by an irrestible attraction nlwnys returning to tho window of tbe broker's office, and pausing to look in at him. When I came back for tlie second time ho had raised his bead, and with, his face turned from me was staring nt the door that opened from his- private office into the' larger public one. As I told you I wns firmly convinced that Roche's ghost was entirely a delusion form of the bottle, and it came on me with a shock I cannot describe to ' you' to' see a shadowy woman's form throwb out, in partial relief in tho darkness of tho : largo room be hind her j it was standing not quite in the doorway, but so nearly in it, that tho figure was framed in it, as it were, and though dimly seen was quife visible. I I don't mind owning that a chill struck to my very heart as I gnzed at the spirit, a long white "gsrmcnt foil to the floor, from beneath the very'' chin of a face whose aspect'' I have, not yet forgotten,' a.' face ghastly white, and of n pallor unearthly. Long dark hair fell down over the shroud and looked damp and clammy as though with the dews of death, and' the arms were folded on the breast, as it is in some parts cuBtom- ary to lay them ia death. I looked at the thing unwinkingly nnd silently for fully a minute, and saw that the eyes were dark and glittered strangely in the white fnce as they seemed fixed on those of the haunted broker ; and then as Roche tried to desperately struggle to his feet tho figure seemed to fade ah'd to become more indistinct until it was no longer there. As it seemed to disappear Mr. Roche fell -agnin into his sent with a ghastly faco and wild eye's. I "saw his hand, so trembling ngain, that: as bo irenched \it .toward the bottle once more he ' appeared almost: incap- nblc of seizing it ; when ho did so, however, it waB half a tumbler of raw-snirits he drank at a gulp, then he once more laid his faco on his hands and was quiet. " I was' terribly bewildered - as I pasBed-on . liko one in a dream. I could pot doubt the evidence of my own senses, :yet every one of them rebelled against the belief in ghosts, some of my friends still "share. I didn't believe, and yet pjcouid'not aeo any likelihood of 'the'appearnnce being a honx. I longed intensely for. -the time of my relief from patrol, for I was anxious on Mr. Roche's abcount, and anxious to. examine, that offico by daylight. ' ' . ' , , ' ' And day wns nt Inst breaking, whett, drawn by the impulse I found so irrestible, I'stood once more before tho broker's window, nnd through it I saw a scone that I. shall forever remember. Mr. Roche was Btnnding by his Bent with his left hand clenched in a grip to tho back of the chair, and his right grasping a revol ver ; ho was looking straight at the parti tion doorway, but his fnoe.was sufficiently within ray view for me to see the face of a man full of tho most terrible fear. He was rigid and ghastly to the lips and his eyes mirrored o wild terror I never saw equalled. It took but an instant to see that, and to see also that beyond tho doorway stood wbitely the apparition that was driving tho wretched man to destruction ; .and oven as :I caught one .glauco, the. scene I have des cribed, Roohe lifted the revolver, and with a terriblo imprecation aimed at the phantom and fired. The smoke from tho piatol clouded t'o room instantly, and I saw no more, but there was , another report ns I d nnhcd in tho door and entered the outer office. Clouds of smoke were issuing fiom Mr Roches loom, nnd the ligiit of his lamp ' was smuggling through them, nnd blending with the daylight now breaking through the windows, but there was no ghost now in i the doorway, |t ho office was empty,' There was a strange silence too, and full of a foreboding fear. I entered the little Toom to find it more than realized. . i 