UP IN A BALLOON. Two ENGLISHMEN FLOATING IN THE AIH SeviiN AIIIJ-.S Auovi: run EAUTII. (From the Juno Number of tit. JSichohts.) On September 5, 18G2, two English aero nauts, Glaisher, and Coxwell by name, made one of the most remarkable ascents recorded in the history of ballooning. They started from Wolverhampton, England, anil the elevation, reached was tlio highest ever at tained by man-nearly or quite seven miles above tho earth. Mr. Glaisher has given a modest yet thrilling account of this almost fatal adventure. The balloon left tho earth at three minutes past 1 o'clock l'.M. Noth ing important occurred until the party, at forty minutes past 1 o'clock, reached the altitude of four miius from tho oarth. Dis charging sand, they rose to the height of live miles during the next ten minutes ; more sand was discharged, and the bal loon shot rapidly upward. Soon Mr. Glaisher's sight failed, and he could not read tho lino divisions on his instruments. All the time tho balloon had boon spinning round and round, and tho valve-line had become so entangled that Mr. Coxwell had to climb into the ring above the car and adjust it. At this moment (1 o'clock and 54- minutes), Mr. Glaisher looked at tho barometer and found its reading to be Of inches, implying a height of over 29,000 feet. Wishing to record the observation, ho found his right arm powerlesa. He tried to move the other, and found it powerless too. " Then I tried to shako myself, and succeeded, but I seemed to have no limbs. On looking at tho barometer, my head fell over oil my left shoulder ; I struggled and shook my body again, but could not move my arms. Getting my head upright for an instant only, it fell on my right shoulder ; then I fell backward, my back resting upuu tho side of the car, and my head on its edge. In this position my eyes wore directed to Mr. Coxwoll in the ring. When 1 ahookmy body, [ seamed to have full power over the mu>.cles of the buck, and considerably so over those of tho neck, but none over either my arms or my legs. As in the case of the arms, so all muscular power was lost in an instant, from my back and neck. I dimly saw Mr. Cox well, and endeavored to spoak, but could not. In an instant intense darkness overcame me, but I was still conscious, with as active a brain as at the present moment whilst writing this. I thought 1 bad been seized with as phyxia, and believed 1 should experience nothing more, as death would come unless we descended speedily. Other thoughts were entering my mind, wheu I suddouly became unconscious, as on going to sleep." Mean while Mr. Coxwell was in qui to as critical a condition. Hoar-frost was all round the neck of the balloon, and the ring was pierc ingly cold. He attemptwd to leave the ring, and found that his hands were frozen. Ha dropped to tho car almost insensible, and discovered that his companion was apparently dead. He tried to go to him, but could not. Ho wished to open tho valve, but his hands were frozen and his arms powerless. Feeling insensibility coming rapidly over him, ho made a desperate effort, caught the valvo line with his teeth and hold the valve open until the balloon took a decided downward turn. In a few minutes Mr. Glaisher began to revivo, and soon became conscious that Mr. Coxwoll was trying to rouso him. " I then hoard liiin speak more emphatically, but could not seo, speak or move. I heard him say, " Do try ; now do." Then tho instru ments became dimly visible, then Mr. Cox well, and very shortly I saw very clearly. Mr. Coxwell, told mo ho had lost tho use of his hands, which wero black, and I poured brandy over them." What if Mr. Coxwell had lost the use of his neck also ? It haB been said that during tho critical moments when Mr. Glaisher was unconscious and Mr. Coxwell nearly so, the balloon reached the fearful height of seven miles. I HE Diffbkbxck.-As a gentleman was walking Hi the strett tin; otlicr day, lie saw at some distance aheud half-a-dozen men proceed ing with slow and measured steps to their day'a work. In a minute or two he overtook them, and soon looked bnek upon them fur in the dis tance. " What makes the difference ?" said he to himself ; "I was tliu son of u poor labouring man. \\\ hy am 1 not like these man, now plodd '»«.» ''' l'10 S!lme condition of poverty and toil? bvidently for the same reason that I have left f '' be'liuJ me. From my earliest child hood, whenever I had anything to do I have done 11 with ail my might, whether workinjt . br the uay. or ' by the job ' These men are work ing for others, I suppose by the day. They take lhro».Vjifd "l0ti°n- TlR'y wiU ^kl1 "" so imou0n life, ana never riso any higher. - If we would wiu the prize, we must run fur it!" A PRETTY Iouuh Eyk STOIIY.-A foir days ago says tile Griffin (Ga.) Sews, Mr. Jarratte Pounds, a young gentleman of this country was engaged in cutting wwod, When .v largo chip flow up and struck him over the «ye. A few minutes after receiving the blow lie made an effort to blow his nose, and actually blew hu eyo completely out of its aocUot, leaving its central attachments. Tile eye was replaced by some friend ; but the young gentleman, soon after the accident, became insensible and had several con vulsions Ihe eye was examined by Dr J L. fcitophenson of this city, who states that it pluw'S ' * U '3 FIRMIY fixBj ita OPENING OP A Rkuakkable Railway in fm'(l^ANU'7 ° ^°n;l0U paijars """'"luce a citv bv HX ! / VllPuX tr:llls>t i'» that city by the completion iUul opening for pub tc traffic, on the fifth of April, of the Bast Ijoudon Hallway, which is another of those gigantic underground enterprises for which the metropolis of hngland is so distinguished. i' mZ l'ra:Utl,,ie fBat,ll'a "lis new f t r ° ilt ;l coiwiJerable portion !P f'V3 Ull<ler W;lter- Tlw'coin meice of the world may be said to float and navigate directly over a part of the roof of tho tunnel which extoud.1 south-easterly, fiom the Liverpool-street station of the teat liastorn Railway, thus connecting all ho roads named, ami also the London and oiightou and bouth London lines. At Shad ed Tn f llUuol,la^l, ""igiiifieent stations, each 4u0 foot in length, have been erected. )i ilJ? ° U "ew liue*' is » £3 000 000 Of* " I" ^ le"Sth' h,u'be*u f 11 , ;lJvril»^50"«3 naturo of this 1 no to tho public, tho London papers say tl oie is no d,,"bt. Tliat portion of the hue under the lhames passes through the °W Thames Tunnel, built by the celebrated engineer, M. J. Brunei. This work was commenced in 1824, and opened for foot p.usengets I" 1813, but, never proved of much value to the public until brought into use seveial je.us ago as a railway tunnel. The .nasonry _ CO,uprising this remarkable work is ooft Wide and 221ft high, and was carried across underneath tho bed of the river bv means ot a gre^t shjeld, within wl,ich tl& masonry heading was erected, and the shield then pushed ahead step by step by lack screws, the masonry being built up as fast a-> the shield advanced. -Scicnii/ic American. TROUBLESOME SPOOKS.-It has been reported to us that Mr. Henry Johnston and family who have been living until quite recently near the mouth of LittleRiver,have been compelled to abandon their home on ac C0"!' ® extraordinary and mysterious visitations of ghosts and hobgoblins, to which they claim to have been subjected some time past. story goes that Johnston has been thiico married, and that the spirits of his ceased partners are clamorous for their successor to his bed and board to make dis tribution of the eiFects left by him among ; then immediate descendants. A few night* since, w i e one of the spirits was revealing to a son the whefeabouts of a gold rim' left among her earthly treasures,, and for which alio had no particular use in the suirit land, wito, with the curiosity for'which the ! sex is so remarkable, attempted to overhear le w Uspered conference, when, to bar utter consternation, she was thrust aside by the in exposition of an ice-cold hand iaid uuoti V^,. l0^> which had the effect, of repressing all further efforts to'pry. iiito the secrets o£ le iff Ave. Ihe giiostJy visitanf informed the 9011 that the on'g was ^onseale'4 iii 'the ilink of ijias Jialestine J/!ox, "jelvving liaqj; mco 11, and who is a sister of the pre sent Mrs. Johnston. ' Those spiritual visitations are accompanied with a num. Lr . {Justly demonstrations of a most il3t"",shing character. Cats are seen m.t': 11 e -0"30 tilrouaIi solid walls and nar- 6 el1 iu tho same mysterious man . ray horses come dashing up to the fr fr"ul.H'll'uan'a coaling, and disappear hnTfU f i the Gart,K This is not the half that has been told iu the neighborhood hare Johnston lived about these ghosts. i h,-I'r "310!1 $ ft* 'Whole affair fo tl.af ton :\nd family havo ,ibanclaned tho premlsoa and left tho ghostly oooupanU in quiet posaesBmn- Cadk (Kv.) democrat. Pnn^rl l'ubliahe(l by iTAOKAY and CO. Sandhurst!'' a' their °ffc0' Markot-B(luar9 