THE WILKINSON MEMORIAL FOUNTAIN. The drinking fountain erected as a .Memorial to the late Rev. George Wilkinson was formally inaugurated on Tuesday last- the first anniversary of his death. It is very generally known in Williamstown that on Mr. Wilkinson's demise twelve months ago, an influential Committee was formed to carry into effect the wishes of the public to erect in the town a memorial to the deceased gentleman. They selected a drinking foun- tain as the most appropriate way of accom- plishing the end in view, and the liberality of the public enabled them to fulfil their in- tentions in a highly gratifying manner. A cast iron fountain, of chaste and elegant design, was imported from England, and perm[i]ssion having been obtained to erect it at the corner of Nelson-place and the Steam- boat.Jesty, opposite to the Custom House, a very suliotautial slque foundaltion was laid down for its reception. Everythiig being in reaiiieis it wvs resolved to open the fiuntain on tlo l17l inst., e.xactly twelve montlhs froni the lay of .Mr. Vilkinson's deatlh. Tihe LCoinlittte wyere suxitits to invest the qccasimin with as muclh interest as possible, amd ijtlh that object invited the Iislhqp of Billarat to i-naugtrate the nienorial. He was i Sydlney at thl tiqi, but retuned earlier than lie had intendel in order ti Comply syith tale invitatimng. The Mayor also invited the residenuts to recoghise the occasion as a halfhioliday, an:l nwmy of the trades people accordingly closed their places of business. funy or three hundred children fom the various Sabbathl Schools in the town had for somne time been practising untder M1r. WV. Fisher a couple of hymns to sine at the opering, alnd they laut their efforts to naking the dIemonIstration a Success. Un fortunately, tle sesther syas unprqpitions in the extreme. The ulrnirngi was threqtening, and appearances were more unpromising early in the afternoon, wihen occasional showers felL A fewp minutes after the proceedings began, the rain came down heavily, and continsed for the rest of tlhe day. Th s drawlback however, did not pre vent a lrge crowd of spectators gatlhering, over twyo thousadl persnns, including mnany visitor; from Melblrrne, aqsembilipg near the fountain to witness the proceedings. On the arrival of the Ihalf-past four steamer the Bishop of Ballarat and other yisitors were received oil the jetty by the Conmmittee, and cout:Uoted to the Custom House, where the Rev. Canop Sergeant made the requisite introductions. The Bishop, accompanied by the Conmunittee, Mayor and Councillors, ministers of religion, and other gentlemen, crossed to the fountain, and took their positions, the children singing a 1ymn. Mr. Hugh rP Reid, the clhairman, then stepped forwardl, and said that lwhen one short year ago the Rev. Getrge Wilkinson entered into his rest,leaving neithlleran enemy nor a wrong behidl him, a very generil ex pression of feeling was given that some memorial should be erected tq the mnemury of so goqd man. A , ueeting, influentially attepded, was held, and it was there decided on tile nmotion of the tiev. J. Clark, that the menmorial lshlould take the shape of a drinkiing fountain. subscription liqts were forthwith opened, ann in a very short time the Coo, unittee frlt themselves justificed in ordering the liaidsqme structure which lthey now saw. l'he treasurer would inform them about the finances-ithe nubshantitl way in which the sub-criptions lowed in testified to the worth of the departedl paotor and the W.de spreqd feeling of regret felt at has logs. He felt the distinguished honour of representing the Conimittee :;f lanagement in the ceremony of today. His ayouk was dhine; bi lie' gould 'not help mayiig that tlthe Rey. George \ilkin soas pllilantlhropy was nuqt ounded by se tarian limits or gieogralhical lines-hi heart pnisated io the claius of all humrmuity. 4e niet only taught his Mlaster's love, but fol lowed it hiinelf. The o14 goldier had gmge to his rest but c..1ld they not say that-, Although the warriur's sun has set its 1iglt shall rest upqon nos yet Bright, radiagt, bl1est. MIr. Peer Powver, the treasurer, then read a statement of the acconuts, shoging that the total receipts1 from donations, &c; were X105 1ls. 21d, from which a balance of £10 Os. id, yet reumained, which it was proposed to expend in putting an ornamental fence round the foundation, The Chairmnatn (Mr. Reid) then introduced The Bishop f IalLurat, `vho said the Com mittee had done hintm yery great honour in selectjng him frumn the large numnbr of con tributors to this memorial lqountajin, to occupy the position which lie held nlostunteuervedly at that moment. But at the same time he was quite sure no one could have heen selected to whom the proceedings of this afterqoon were matter of'deeper or sincerer interest. He wouldht preface the duty he had to perform with but very few words. He had not the privilege sr 'lf4owing for any length of fime that dear, gotid man, George Wlkinspn1 and there were those who wounld speak after hm, who enjoyed that great ad vantage; but from what he dit know of him, and all he had heard of him from others, he was persuaded hes should not he exceeti.g th truth wheei he said tlhey were spres that ',vhea a year ago Atmighty Ged .walled tieorge Wil on to aIs.rest, not only Williaistown hit this, colony generally lost a good, faith tul," devatest 'ousn, a lowly, earosnt, con nistesntalifable ministes- of the gospel of beerins. T'itt- feelitg. her believed to have u'ei universal iiniongst'ill who 'kne hini, sad that ieelisg--as true oni deep emotions seek to do--idesired ti pass intq fo- iE in some definite act. When thu metal was glowinig ftoo the lire, we noest t,, run it into some mould that it may eiqrr eiminently the' forni sre desire tompresasupon it. So whet, emotion was slarm in thus case, it was desired to give it some foirm.tomemenmorisl that Woitld consolidatg tiuhig foming and haqd it down in some clear and detitnte shaspe to the years w ehe shaltn cotltn after. No ttmore appro Itriate fumor of sisimeorial could have been selected than tht 'of a fountain quch as he was 'oaopen thft aernoon. Tu ere so'Ld flow from this fountain a pine, bright, streamn, fue to all--the best of all concgivable figures of the great, go4d loan whose kind nesses wete so freely d ppnsed esningdt uet~tIO around him. A~nd hafaselargL~e~hearted man he was. mYou might as weiello to yonder ocean and try to fence it off and ens ,ti up into paddocks, na take Georgei Wilkinson s heart aB4 carve it into any sect pr portion of the greart rothe~hcted of wtnu He loved all-went up and down doing goo to ei. Nothitg was too trying for' him f fthat good act coold' gladden a fellow-qietreatstre'sllert sod toy. a fresh trihbt at the feet oefhis Savioor. Such was 01eorge Williqaon Wottl that ie could enlarge upon it, ..An honest main isthe noblest work of Coil50 and it ivws all the more pleesinsg when that "honest mn'' was a pastog of soulB and minister ofitl e glorious gos pl of Christ - SAs some sat ell ffPthust rears its awlful letm0 Oweflo Ituue ste anic, sdtsidwhy lei'om t~es't5'on Tip:hointsecheisdttbesthti'ss'liseeiuodo losypreOO EternlJ sunshine nottlg~ lbit head' It was his delight to spendi and be spent for others' good; and it was in honour oIi Al mighty God ind in memorial of tbis go~ man In whom Christ had shone so brigty that he wal goin~g la open this fonntain, and request the Zdayog o( the tows tq4 accept it from the Committee in trust for the public for ever. But in order to test the quality of this liquid wbich was to be served out from this place-for he felt sure George Wilkinson would grieve in his grave if there was any, thing of the "sting of the serpent" in it and in order to see that it was suclh as the departed loved to drink when 10 was alive, and he Ithe speaker) heartily and thoroughly agreed with hinr, hie would trouble thse Comanittee for a glass of it. A glass having beer drawn and handed to the Bishop he drank it off and gave thlen his assulance that it was good wholesome drink they would get from the Wilkinusao Mein, ril Fountain. lie then declared the Willinson Menorial F'oitain open. The anniuncement was received with cheering. The Mayor having qdvanced on to the platform, the Bishop, addressing himn, said; I havei to req est on behalf of the Committee of the Wilkinson Dernorial )riplking Fqul taim that you will ie so good as to accept the same. May it remain in themidstof the opnp latioa, ant may they slake their thirust Iere fromn dclay to diay with the wholesomge drink that flows fronm it, and ay they do so usay they drop a tear of ailectionate rerneibrange to that dear guod iatan, teotge 1}ilkinsoi. Thie Mlays, said eottling ivoll give himin greater pleiasure than to accept the fgyntaip on Ibehalf of tihe Borqughf ouuncil of \\\illiams The chairman gaid that one of the ghost pleasing features of this celebrstiqu was that the ministers of all denominations had met here tq take i'al in tihe deiponstr.ition. Tihey would dpliver short addresses, each not to exceed tiye ohinutes in length. The R1ev. J. Clark was the first speaker. He said thlat if any one should expatiate on the merits of George Wilkinson that one slhouhi be hjmself, as they had befi inti mnately associated during the t}hole of Mr. Wilkinsobn's life here. But as he had only live iniunt's in which to speak, he found it vwould be imposiible to give them anything like an adequate idea of the esteem in which he hell thle deceased. He would say, like the IRoman--we are met this day again to bury our friend, nOt to praise hiu.' His praises lived in the their memory. Ie htpid the day would never cooe swhen a fnayor and Council would be ftutl in V illiamtstown who woulad tot take a kitlty interred in this fountain, and watch that no (iotlh or vandal hand 1wll injure it as loiig-s the stoun and iron shall list. He trusted that now this wrork hal been dqne, ino iouicil would arlt ise waho iwould o40t claiii t is corner fur thle memorial fountain, and keep it secure and sacrrd front tih touch of any as a lasting standing place for the Wilkinson leuiorial Fountain ite Rev. Father Mcffillicuddy said that in acknowledging the dlistinguished honour which had been conferred upotn himt in re questing hint to attend that meeting and address the grateful people of Williamstown, lwho in their gratitude had erected this noble fountain to the memoury of one of their great benefactors, the 5iev. George Wilkinson, lie regretted that in the worry antd bustle of a baaoar he had almhnost lost sight of this cere mnoy, conseqtuently he could not approach it with that preparedness of language and selec tionot saor.is wlichl theolbjectsoemiaentlyde served at their halnds. Yet, there was fresh ness of thought surrouitnting this occasion that the most tiumid or untuctred mind could scarcely fail to find linguage whlerein to clothe the sentiments of the heart; and he declared ti thein that it tilordald himnt intense pleasure to take part in this public and glorious ceregoiny,- to join with no many of his fellow citizens in honouring one whose whole life was spent in doing good, whose energiea and faculties of body and soul w-ere exercised iih bringing peace to the troubled heart, and to reclaim the sinner from his vice. Oif him the words of Englatnd's pioet might be very appropriately used-" His life was gentle, and the eolementis no mixeil in him, twat inature nmight etand up and say-This was a man !" The hev. J.J. . Halley next spoke. He said this.nufavourable day, as it seemed to them now, was after all but onilemnatic l of thaiet nan whose memory they Ihonouredi to-day-that otan who trestr out all their hearts toward himt, and the love of whom iiwas so struiiigi in every one of them As the rain, now so nch nceleded, was descendiung on our dry and thirsty uland, decentling that the seed sown may sipring up, that when the autumn comes round, with the yellow wheat and tlhe laden trees, there nmay be fiood for mnan anudbeast-esqo was George. Wilkinson's life amongst thei. He gxpressed the deep sorrow he felt whet on his return from England in Jaquat y last he heard of Mr. Wvilkin;soi ' death. It was not necessary for them to prolong to-day's ceremony, but better that they should bear living testimnqay to the memory of the noan whon} they houetred. The n--w, as it were, simply birouglit each ia flpser to lay not on hlis tomb but is his memory, as a testimony to his large hleartedess. Itwas theirs now to say farelyell to this good man, knowing that their los is h iis gain-3 " Ourilittle ,}tems have their ,Lay, -a Tite have theiirfly,' anticease to be, They are bet btiokeni lighlts of thee, - and thuei, 0 ord, art more than they." The tiey. John Harcourt then briefly ad dressed the assembly. (e exprestsel the pleasure it atforded him to take part in t. e proceedings, and show his respect to the Rlev. eogrgq Wilkinson. His acqtainitance with the deceased did not egtend nier a very lengthened period, nor was be, on terms of particular intmeacy with him. But not ut fiequently rha4 he ieard of his going about iq iauitation of Him, who though rich for on. sakes became poor. lp heartily e;ndorsed all that had been said of him, and if he were asked to sum up his estimato of hint in a few words he woquld say-he was a good man, full ofnthe Holy Ghost and of faith. The Rtey. C. T. Plrks, who vjith several other clergymenoi a conme fromo Melbourne, .to be present at the ceremony, ip response to the chairman's invitatiot - made a few monlarke approving otf the action of the Com osrittao in the selection of a drinkinig fotntain as a.memoriaL 'liee Chairman apalogised for the Iey. J. Bayley's absence. Canon Sergeatqt said it certiinly was a most gratifyiug speclacle to cee such a large assembly of the people of Willitmattow and miqisterfa of the yaieous deituminatigns tq testify their regsrd to thedepiartedelergyman whose late charge ln the Erovidence ol GotI, had de~irgveo upon hpp. -The dee, and wide stiread afection he had wton for hinself by a lung course of usefulness lad in part- found expressiog iq the foqntain which theBlislop of hlallarat had openedt o-day. To one whi was hiinself arigid teetotaller, what nor appropriate "melorisl qqld there be thau a fountain of pure water such as this; at the same time it served to reinidd them of that work in yhich le so ;eaboushy and ardently engagel lie trusted tlat this fountain might hI like the waters of Eckieltr vision. Mr. I. 'IV. Cerutty the secrttry. tothe Committea, moved t vote of thanks to the Bishop of Ballarat for being presenton the seosion Mr. Concillor Jobson sqppuon & pro position. - The Chairman asked they to testify tlepig apltreciatiou by giving tlepphbeers, which were dulr teeorded. The Btlsaop madea fei remarks in reply, and a vote of thanks having been passed to the chairman, the proce dig's - terminated with three cheecs for the Queen, tb phitmean ponsdsrlog thja the' most appropriate sub stitute for tho National Anthem, which it was expected the Band wolld have pW fosmed had they been present. 