NEWS AND NOTES. The Carnival Art Union Committee met on Thurs day night at the City-hall, and agreed to a motion to call upon Mr Braithwaite to deliver up the books within forty-eight hours, and also expressed censure of an insinuation mads in a legal evening; paper that the; moneys intended for the payment of prizes wquld be’ trenched upon. This was denied, and a resolution passed, affirming that the prizes would be paid imme- ; diately afteij tjje drawing was carried, ft was stated; emphatically-by tile chairman;- 1 and'-endorsed by tbei meeting, that the drawing must take place on the 25th | and 26th instant at all hazards, and it was stated that; not one penny of the moneys in bank to go towards. the prizes would bp touched. What appears to bo a| difficulty has arisen about the ,Qn Thurs-! day night whilst the committee were'meeting; a num-j her of gentlemen, who had been asked to arrange fori the drawing, mot in a lower room in the hall, and dis ; j cussed the modp in whigh it should bo conducted. It' was suggested that before taking pact in the business; the sauatioa of the general committee should be asked! to the appointment pf the gentlemen met, with; others, and a list was prepared aqd submitted] to the general committee.. The latter body, justi at the time, was warmly engaged in business; and did not, pay immediate attention to, the request, tho result of which was, that shortly afterwards, when; the sanction and authority were duly given by resolu-r tion, it was found the outside, hvl loft in; a body, refusing apparently to have more to' do with! the matter, thinking, probably, they had been; snubbed. As the action of the general committee; ■ was, however, unwitting and unintentional, .it is to -be' hoped theea gentlemen, when waited on, as they will; be, by the secretary to-day, will not (}ccljnp to act,' and so impede the efforts of the committee to keep; faith with the publio. ■' . ' We learn from the defendants! solioitors that ourj Melbourne correspondent was wrong in stating that] the equity suit, the Parade Company v Edwards and others had been settled.' The suit is at present only; under terms of settlement. .. ; ■ TJje poor boy Sohraeder, whose horrible mutilation we ohrouioled.on Wednesday, is in a .very bad;state at; the Hospital, and great doubts are entertained as to his recovery, though he sleeps nearly all the time. | In connection with the. Carnival Art Union, sub-: scribera will be gl;id ; to learn- that 1 the drawing will absolutely take place on Tuesday and Wednesday! next, and that there is not the slightest doubt that all the prizes won will .be paid in full. A good , deal has been said and written about the business, but it will be as well for the public to suspend judgment'aa the matter- may receive a very different complexion; when, .the. facts are made known,- as they, shortly will be. ' "’!.'".',.!! At the close of the Police-court business bn Thurs day a reviaion-oourt- wis held, at which'the Ballarat East jurylists, and,the supplementary,electoral,lists, for Council and Assembly were submitted and con; ( firmed. 1 j The jockey Fewster, who was-hurt ab the,^Miners’ races on Thursday, was taken to the Hospital, where’ he.was found to have sustained a , fractured collar bone, and aome naaty glazes and bruises ’about 'the body. Fortunately, be is not hurt so seriously as was at first apprehended, and is doing very well. 1 From what we can gather it seems that the young and old timber in Buninyongshiro is being mercilessly cut down, in‘''spite"o{' bailiffs, commissions, and the police. Several cases of illegal cutting have come before the notice of the council, but that portion of it appointed as a commission in the matter are, by the peculiar position the Government has placed them in, powerless to prosecute the offenders. Some time since a number of police-officers were appointed as Crown-lands bailiffs, but we have been told that they never take Any legal notice of the yonng timber'being cut, though it may be done under their own eyes! Such a state of things.as this should not be allowed, and for the preservation of the timber for future use, any one found cutting it illegally should be, as the law directs,dieavily fined.; ] t > .■ A curious accident happened on Thursday to a lady who was walking down Sturt street with her daughter. Mrs Dunleavy was hurrying home to get oat of the rain, when she stepped on a piece of braid or something torn from her daughter’s' dress. Her foot got entangled, and the lady fell to the ground, hurting her thigh by twisting it. She was taken to the Hospital, and there treated for her injury. . Should the counsel for Adam the young’man now charged with, assaulting Mr Guthrie, of H., M. Customs, decide, upon, .calling,,witnesses to-morrow 1 (writes ’ our Melbourne correspondent oh Thursday) for the defence, it is probable thatthe charge against the ’solicitor's'clerk for “embracery,” arising out. of .the late suit of Learmonth and others v Bailey and others, will’have to be postponed; At a late hour this evening; it is said that after a few law points have been ’taken, should'the'bench’show an inclination to coiuaiit Wilkinson for, trial, any defence ibat’inight be .offered will he withheld, and the charge against Westley will be proceeded with.. , .! The weather^-which: had been threatening,change for some days, : broke on Thursday L evening, and a steady rain set in, which continued at intervals all the evening.; : The ; temperature, was mild, not; to Isay a little “ muggy.” ... As night came on the temperature lowered to a pleasanter level. ; I am sorry to have to reebrd' a fatal occurred (writes our Illabarook correspondent) on the 10th Inst., betweeu Rokewood Junction and Grassy Gully. Mr Lucas, baker, of the first-named .place, ■was on bis rounds to deliver bread came in contact ..with one of the numerous stumps that abound on this road, and capsized,., throwing Mr Lucas, 'it is supposed, on his head, and breaking his neck. The body was found' lying underneath the cart by two men .returning.from the bush. [.They at ohoa recognised the deceased, and conveyed'the sad intelligence' to his friends.- Mr Dove, of Rokewood Junction, at once'pfooeeded to the. scene ofithe,acci dent, and conveyed the body to Mr HyslopVhotel, where the inquest was held the following day] and a verdict of accidental death was recorded. The de ceased was forty-eight years of age, and leaves a widow , and five children to mourn his. loss. - His funeral was largely attended by parties from Illabarook, Rokewood Junction, Grassy Gully, Break o’. Day, . and Rokewood.. There was a large number on foot, blit the majority, were in conveyances or on horseback. The deceased was a very bid resident, and most highly respected, his many high qualities .having endeared him to all who knew him. Ho was generous and free hearted, and always ready to assist those \vho needed it. In fact, we shall not soon see his'like'again. It is announced in the Police Qasette that tJaejre was stolen from the dwelling of Anne Knight,. "South street, Ballarat, between the 9tb, and 12th'instant, a colonial gold brooch with the likeness of a girl about 5 years and ahoy about three with bunches, of .flowers in their hands, on the edge of the brooch is,’tbe figure of a swan with’a small piece broken off one wing; also a pair of bfesg earrings, true lover’s knot in centre, ring.brotfin. ‘ ; The Sabbath-school .counseled with the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church has decided to have a’clenjon stration on the Queen’s Birthday. An extra effort is bBing c inade to make it worthy of generous-support. Considerable novelty will " be introduced by the fact of tho choruses and solos being suitably accbmpauied by an efficient orchestra of some twenty performers under Mr Thomas King,, in addition lo the fine organ of the church played' by Mrs WilliaU) Littje. The choir, over one hundred strong and strengthened ” by leading vocalists of the.town, willglve selsotions from the “:12th Mass,” “Messiah,”. “ Judas Maccabous,” and also a variety of school anniversary pieces. Several rehearsals have , already taken place. The musical proceedings jire to be preluded by a tea meeting. • The Rev. 6. J. Russell, of JJqninyoug, has, we learn, taken a well-deserved Holiday: in'the shape of a trip to Tasmania. : This is the first holiday the reverend gentleman has taken for nineteen years. ' The Academy of Music will be opened this evening fop amateur performance in aid of the’ Ballarat 'District"Hospital, when Mr C. 'A- Sherafd’s 'operatic burlesque “ Fatima the Pair’' will be produced. We' had the pleasure last night of befog precept at a dpess rehearsal of the burlesque, and ecu promise our readers a real treat in spectacular display, in music, dancing, and fun. Funs and local bits abound in the piece, ‘and operatic airs and choral adaptations are intermingled with the dialogue, whilst the splendid, costumes and the absurd costumes and the droll costumes' all serve to light up the scenes, with beauty or the' bizarre. Whjte ghosts with black boots, oriental processions, palanquins, turbans,' ferocious'beards! fair mudras,'old , wftghes, pagan gpds. and nursery tale personages are all br6ught'updn'fne scene; prod being a picturesque medley of spectacle that'charm J'th'4 .eyb. 5 is a capital orchestra, and! some 'bf the singing js y.cry pleasant,’ whilst the dialogue will be- all fhat' njgy tje. (leaked if' some' of. th# lending perfOrigera 1 !jsi giye it ” gjopp mouth, so that the word? may.’ he qijtincljy,’. uttered, and. so mads intelligible ’to the audien.cg. -Without this hosts of points, puns, and hits will be 'irrevocably lost; .and this is the rook which amateurs ought to avoid with" special (fare. Happlly there ara only one or two who need this reminder, and we give it now that it may be utilised to-night The company includes several old hands at stage business, and the success of’Pi«dSj|on\ is secured, for the performjuwir’lis; 'ireally as is also the tisjsift 'o£ -i'plo^, fun," pun, hits, and pkits,^.,which tte’ -ingendpus., author has manufac 'tpredlfor the v whole performuse -occupies onlysome'two hojirsaild a half, theaudiOnbe able home!iMo6“d time without weari-j "nessjpand wokhopo to leg a crowded house in aid of 'the jetiarity '{'for wbfisa-..-,%neSt the burlesque is| ■■-produced. For ourj'mustcal’fcreadera' information;- we - may add thattheincidental music of the piece includes some .of .....the most sparkling -music -of- the... day -from the-operaa-of-“Lurliue,’.’, “ Satanella," “ Madame Angut,”. “ Princess of Trebi zon’de,".“ Genevieve de Brabant," 11 Nemesis,” &o.; ■ \--TheSebaatopoloabmenwould-thankthe-borough surveyor to have-tiie ; .heaps, pf 'maintenance metal placed further off the crown of the road. On Wednes day night Wilson's carryall was along the road, when the horse was scared by a rushing mob of dogs and goats. Ho darted aside upon a heap of. metal and capsized the vehicle, smashing one of the wheels and injuring one or two of the passengers. Wo believe the injuries are Jiot seflGU?, they might hayo h e PP worse qr even fatal, and if so, how would • the council stand in an action for damages?, -.We learn from Sergeant Lamer that two fresh cases of scarlet fever, have-broken, out .in, the Town. A mother at}4 in V family named Phillips, re siding in Havelock street, Soldiers' Hill, are the per sona attacked. The health-officer for the City reports' that the fever has almost disappeared in his district,. and that Sebastopol is entirely free. In our notice of the Lsarmonth Bazaar, the name; of Miss Wedel, of Ballarat, should have been men tioned, instead of that of Miss Waddle, as having; played on the piano during the holding of the bazaar. On the breaking up.oh St. Paul’s school for the Easter holidays, Mr Molloy, on behalf of the teachers ; and senior pupils, presonted Miss Nellie Davis, who is removing to Melbourne, with two beautifully illus trated books as a mark of their esteem. ; Miss Davis was a member of the highest class, all pupils of which have an opportunity (gratis) of qualifying them selves either for the position of teacher or for admis sion into the Training School. , The.J)unitjyoqgabire,Qo i unell met on Thursday, and •trahiaoted a'quantity’’of -routinfe business, adjourning at the conclusion for a fortnight. In one letter to tho council the writer addressed the body as “Your Worships,” which ganged no little amusement. We learn from a telegram in the Argus «that the coronial enquiry into the late supposed arson case at Indigo was resumed before Coroner Bartley, at Chiltern, on Wednesday. Inspector Brooke Smith: conducted the enquiry, and Mr Zincke watched the ease on hchalt of dames §belly, A mass of evidence was taken, two boys swearing to seeing Shelly ride up to Martin Byron’s hut, enter it, and then go to the! adjoining haystack, and then go away, and immediately! afterwards the place was in dames. Shelly, who is a: well-to-do farmer, was committed for trial. The Daylesford Mercv,nj is not a daily paper, and always worked under pressure of time, and it should : have leisure enough to append to long extracts, like that ; of “A y Limbing-down u House," f from -the t Star, whence the’ extinct is taken. * V* * * ? f Sergeant Asche, of the Middlesbrough police,; England, who came out here to arrest Thos. Cameron Close for embezzlement, will, says the Argus, take his prisoner home by the Hampshire, which is to start on the 29th iast. Nothing has yet been decided on as to the prisoner’s unfortunate wife and dve children, whom he brought here, and who arc totally unpro vided for. There in 5 Tegardtb'the’ salmon ova’ in Melbourne. It is highly improbable that any fish will be hatched. The following New Zealand telegram has been ceived :—“ Wellington, Wednesday.—The subject of the prohibition of the importation of cattle will be relegated to a select committee next session.—The Helen, laden with coal from Newcastle, bound for Napier, was totally wrecked on the East Cape. The crew were saved.—A lawyer’s clerk named Maude, from Melbourne, has been committed for trial on the charge of abetting a child named Kellet, in the forg ing of a signature to the conveyance of land at Wood stock, Victoria.—Arrived—Hero, s.s.” The annual commencement of the University will take place at the University at 3 p.m. to-morrow. Graduates and under-graduates requiring cards of ad mission for their friends to the ceremony of annual commencement on Saturday next, are requested to applyjfor office ■of the!registrar, ihetween •nine a.m. and-'fbur -p.m. on Thureday or before two p.m. on Saturday. We understand that his Excellency the Governor hiaa signified his intention of being present. We take the following Sydney telegram from Thurs day’s Herald] —“The foundation-stone of the Prince Alfred Hospital is to be laid on Monday with great pomp. The Hero and Maude have arrived at Auck land, and the Easby at Dunedin.” The Bendigo Advertiser says: —“ A report has been current in the town for the past day or two (which we are sorry to say proves on investigation to be not with out foundation), to the effect that a deficiency has been discovered in the cemetery accounts of the late town clerk, to the amount of about £6OO. We understand thatthe matter will be brought under the consideration of the council at its meeting to-day.” We learn from the Bendigo Advertiser that a special meeting’of-itho committee! of, the City Council was held on Wednesday afternoon, to take steps to fill the vacancy caused by the death of the late town clerk. There were present—The Mayor, Councillors Neill, Woodward, Buckley, Aspinall, and Hattam. It was decided to advertise for applications for the office for noon, on Wednesday, the 26th instant, at a salary at the rate of £450 per annum. It was also resolved that a secretary to the cemetery trustees should be advertised for at a salary of £5O per annum. The committee, after a lengthened consideration, fixed the duties of the office. Of carpenters the Northern Argus says:—“The scarcity of good tradesmen in this line is beginning to be very seriously felt by those who require their ser vices. A great deal of necessary work has to be either postponed or abandoned altogether, simply because good carpenters are not to be had, despite the high rate of wages ruling for this kind of labor. Un skilled’workmen'jdemand.and'getjthe wages ohskilled ■ men;' the 'consequence is; their work is slummed,‘and in many instances hutched. The number of car penters in proportion to the work that has to be done is one to every fifty jobs.” The Argus states that scarlet fever has spread so rapidly in Footscray during the last week or so that a proposal has been made to establish locally a tem porary hospital, in some more suitable building for the treatment of the disease, with a view to isolating sufferers and preventing: a further spread of the fever. As his Honor Mr Justice Fohlman is still suffering! from ill-health, it is understood that his leave of ab- : sence will be extended for a further period. The Telegraph, says: —“ Mr Guthrie, the collector of Customs, has so far recovered from the wound in flicted upon him by Mr Wilkinson, on the memorable occasion of the siege at the warehouse of L. Stevenson and Sons, thafciie was able tdCrSsume the duties of. his office on Wednesday. On making bis appearance at the Custom-house yesterday ha was warmly greeted by his brother officials in the department." On the Omeo' station we (Baimsdale Courier) are informed there is a fine but barren strawberry cow, with feet and tail exactly the same as those of a horse. The Northern Argus reports a great dearth of Church of England ministers in Queensland. There are several churches vacant. There was a good attendance in' the pit and stalls at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening, and the boxes were not without a fair share of patronage. In addition to tk- company, wflo coniTlouceu their snare of the programme with great success, Mr Hoy ell, the ventriloquist, appeared and amused the audiepce for some time with the display of his pecu liar talent, receiving fpp}auße; when done;Bahy Benson, who was advertised to dance a jockey horn pipe in the colors of the winning jockey of the Miners' Handicap at Thursday’s races, carried out that portion of the performance very cleverly, and when done pre. seated in a neat little speech a gold-mounted whip to the jockey who rode the winner of the principal race (H. Blashford); this stage of the proceedings the audience applauded Iqndly.’ ' To ; night Jennie Benson will take a benefit, and a new fe.Vtqrg appears in’lkb programme. The benejtciaire is going to give a gold medal, valued at £o, to the best amateur gentleman dancer who appears on the stage, and those who. intend competing are requested to attend at the theatre this morning at eleven o’clock for practice, &c.; The following team has been selected to play for the B.C.C. against eighteen of Smythesdale on Saturday, on the Qval, "viz., Messrs Brokenshire, Williamson, Turner, Scales, ‘Franklin! Herbert, -Becheryaise,. E. Figgis, ~Maokay, .Crow; Harry, andl Young play to" ’ jSeyep p’ciopkj * - Thera wilj he a meeting of the Rational Reform League this evening, when a discussion will take plage on the question of 11 Two Chambers.” The annual. general meeting of the Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society wUI be held on Saturday, Gth May, at the Royal hotel. The Farmers’ Club will meet on Saturday to form a reception committee:."and'- arrange for a luncheon, Ac., to be given to Mr M’lvor on his arrival to lecture here. 