TKE WELSH SAILOR'S YAH??. [»* COMPTOH KEADE.') My name aboard ship is registered John Jones. Yes, indeed. Though, to confess exactly, I waa torn the son of Hugh Anwyl, miner, of the parish ol Glanwern, in tho county of Merioneth, and my father baptised me by his own natno; so that John is Hugh, and Jonea ia Anwyl, indeed. I mention this at starting, to prevent my yarn bfeinc water-loecred before it reaches mid-ocean. Well, mates, a beautiful spot ia the village of Glanwern. The broad xiver Mawdach, which runs between the clefts of tho mountains, d'ye eee, and ia overhung with silver birch on either Bide, separates us— that is, tho Qlanworniana, indeed — from the town of Barmouth. It's a many year since these eyes beheld that familiar spoi ; yet, my lads, I nover got becalmed, cr down with a fever, or otherwise on my beam ends, but what my thoughts turned to old Glan ?wern— for it's the brightest place, with the darkett memories, I crer knew. Yes, indeed, I think I see it now. And you won't go for to suppose, because my eyes aro all o»leak, like a brace of scuppers, that I'vo there fore lost my trim. After all, 'tain't Glanwern. It's what happened to me there, when I was a youth aa gay as a poppy, with the hand of a man and the faco of a girl. That's tho mischief, messmates. 'Twould havo been happier for Hugh Anwyl if he'd been as ugly in those days aa John Jones ia at. tJiiQ tnotnpnf. ? for. von sfift. mv lads, when I ?was quite young, I got rather to like a girl called Gwen— Gwendoline that ia ; wo, indeed, called her Gwen— Thomas. Sho was next-door neigh bor to my old dad's cottage, and she'd a deuco of a knack of fondling on you without so much aa touching a button of your coat. Yes, Qwen waa ono of tho sort that act like magnets to a seaman's lips. I never loved her, d'ye see; but I was flattered by such a smart craft coming alongside, and — well, indeed — I played tho fool. I kissed her, because it seemed to do her good. And she— darn her cunning bead .'—she meant it all ! I know that she'd have done anything, indeed, if I'd but havo passed the word. But I didn't, I never so much as talked about tho parson. It waa about a year after this, that Rhoda Howell, tho miller's daughter, [came homo from the boarding-school at Dolgelly, full of music, and English, and French, and all them things. My Etara ! sho ?rc-aa a picture, she waa ! I — that's to say, Hugh Anwyl, you know — was taken all aback, and felt something or other dance the double-shuffle under my waistcoat pocket. Well, mates, wo fell to what you may call flirting. I asked her to go for a walk, and sho, indeed, consented ; and so it went 00, as you might Bay, from better to best. Yes, indeed, I could not give those days a truer tame than best ; for I am sure that they were the only real stmshino either of us over f olt in our lifetimes. Ye ece, Rhoda loved me. Why, heaven only inows. And I— I could have died for her. There wasn't a bright lad in Glanwern that; cGdn't envy tho luck o£ Hugh Anwyl; and rightly enough, too ; for I swear, ihoagh I've travelled north, south, east and west, and havo net with women of all nations, not once have I ever found the eaual of Rhoda Howell. I almost shrink from speaking her name. It seems— well, sacred I Poor Rhoda ! like a flower of spring, yon died early 1 Yes, indeed, ours ain't one of them love tales which comes all right at t'other ' end of tho hook. She's in heaven ; and Hugh Anwyl— he ain't just exactly in the other place-; but he's not so very far off neither, being afloat, and registered John Jones, A.B. To como back to my yarn, indeed. One clear autumn evening, when the sun waa righting up the heather on the eide3 of Cader Iuris, you might, if you'd a-happened to bo there, have beheld a scene which tho whole ?world don't show out of North Wales, mo and my girl, Rhoda, was walking, cosy-like, through a quiet bit of wood, where none could hear, and I don't think I ever felt my heart so swell with joy aa I did that moment, when sho says, saya she, beating her foot on the grass, ' Shall I tell you a secret ?' ' Yes,' I answers, just glancing at her, and teeing her lips come over palo. ywill you promise me, Eho asks, 'to keep It ? ' Promise !' I cries out ; ' I'll swear j' Yon \- (tee, I was getting curious. She looks at mo serious— yes, indeod, very fCrious. Then she whispered, qmte confidential like, ' I've got a lover !' ' What 1' I bellows, quite savage. It didn't . take much to make me jealous r and I felt as if I vould have killed a rival ker-sfap. She tmilee, ia a faint tort of fashion; Tien alia mutters, just aa if tho trees were all aliston ing to us with ears instead of leaves, ' I shan't s&2, unless- you'll agree to be sensible.' A kind 01 a sulky feeling como over mo, my bojs, at her teasing words ; but I_ told her I'd always do exactly, indeed, as sho wished. 'Then,' says she, with a wry face, 'its David Thomas. Ho'vo been to father thia morn ing, and asked for me. Yes. indeed I' ' I— I'll fight the lublcr i ' I dngs out, forget ful of my promise. ' Hush 1' she -whispers, aa sett as a wind which don't so much as shako tho canvas; 'I don't think I'm going to marry any ono ; but I'm certain sure I won't havo David Thomas {' Whereat she fell abeating her little foot again upon the dead leaves. Well, mates, I didn't quite like that prophecy of hers ; but 'twas better than to hear her eay aho'd allow iersalf to bo driven into wedlock with such a ono as David. So I held my peaoo. Yea, indeed. Yet I felt as if a thunderbolt wcro placed aloft, right ovor my head, or aa if a vol cano were a-going to spring up under my feet. My brain began to wobblo liko bilge-water in a ship's hold, when all of a sud len an idea struck mo. Yes, indeed ? What's more, my bearings was right for once. 'It's that girl, G won,' I says, 'aaia at tho bottom of this rig. David Thomas ia a sawny land-lubber. He d nover havo tho courage to speak of his own accord. Particular when ho received no encouragement from you.' But Rhoda didn't exactly seo through Hugh Anwyl'a glasses. She wasn't,, a sort of girl to think Gwen a snako, being herself as innocont of throng aa tho snow which falls straight from Paradise. Says she, quito solemn, 'You must not go to charge Gwen Thoraa3 with thorn things, Gwcn'a my dear fnend, indeed. Well, my lads, if I hadn't got naivotis, I'd have told her that mo and Gwen had been just a trifle freo with each other's lips. But, I tell yo, I feared to say tho words. Sho was chuck f pll of a sort of what you may call a romance. Often and often sho've said, that sho felt so happy in having picked tho first flower of my heart — whereby she meant that she'd got the whole of my love. And so sho had. Yes, indeed. May I be shrivelled this minuto to a mummy if sho liadn t. Unly, ye seo, if 1 u gone to toll her that Gwen and 1 had been playing tho fool, she'd mayhap havo thought different, So I kept my own counsel, 'Now,' saya she, in a wheedling, coaxing way no lubber ever could resist, ' it will all como right in the end, if you won't go to act foolish. Yes, indeed. Father hkea David, but father loves Rhoda. And when David asks me, and I saya ' No,' father ain't the kind of man to say, ' You must.' ' '?Aw nw I' T n *i em? amA TtAv ? ft tint ninffr 1»a frTiA boy to say ' You mustn't,' in case a lubber of the name of Anwyl should put that there same-curious question ?' Well, my lads, Rhoda, at this, went off on tho starboard tack, for fear I should make out tho cut of her jib. She daren't faco mo ; for she couldn't deny that Miller Howell was a cranky lot, indeed. So she took to picking blackberries, as if they waa so many hot-house grapes, instead of being aa red aa currants, and aa sour aa ver« juice. ' Yon can't deny it, Rhoda !' I sings out, feel ing vexed indeed. Then she turns round from her blackberrying, and I spied a tear in tho corner of her eye. So I knew what I aaid was tho cause of her biding her head, and I held my tongue, being ashamed. Aa we was walking homewards, later on, the braco of us tonguo-tied and melancholy as an albatross before a cyclono comes on, Rboda whispers in my ear, 'Can't you trust a girl's wit? I'm a match for any two of 'em 1' ' Right, sweetheart 1' says I? gripping her hand. For all that, a notion, indeed, crossed my brain, ' that she who is better than two mayn't be good enough to tacklo three.' And so it proved. Well, mates, it might havo been two or three days later on that I chanced to be in Barmouth, anu t&ere;, in tno porcn ox tuo vvynn Arms, 1 came into collision, as you might say, with one Evan Evans, an old shipmate of mine, who worked on the Anna Maria Stett alongside of me, and could handle a pick as cleverly as our boat swain the rope's end. Evan, indeed, when ho clapa cye3 on me, sings out, right cheery, 'A drain of grog, my boy !' ' With you,' I answers, 'Evan, yea, indeed !'' So wo turns into tho bar-parlor of. tho Wynn Arms, and he orders two goes of rum-punch, hot. When we waa sat down comfortable, I began to twig, d'ye see, that his rig was that of a sea faring man. His arms was tattooed, and his kit looked smart. ' Avast !' I sings out— 'avast, Evan Evans! Surely, you'vo never joined tho horse-marines?' 'Mate,' he replies, giving mo a slap on tho shouldor, like a true seaman, 'there's a bettor mine, containing richer mineral than tho old Anna Maria, ana that's tho open sea !' Faith, mates, when ho spako them words, I mistook him for ono of them land-lubbers who dresses up in seaman's rig, and takes nurses and babies out for a run in a ploasure-boat. Yes, indeed. But, Evan soon put matters straight. ' Hugh Anwyl,' he says, pulling out a leather case, ' thin 'ore holds a hundred and fifty pounds, besides gold and silver.' 'Take care of it, Evan, then,' says I— for I knew ho was a light-headed sort of craft ; ' or,' Bays I, ' your master will bo pulling of you up on account of losing his moneys, indeed.' ' Master 1' ho sings out, with a roar of laughter liko a fusillade — 'master ! I ain't go no master 1 Tnem's the property of Evan Evans.' ' My lad, Icriedj in a sort of a serious voice, 'im sorry to near it. l always tootc ye for a honest lubber.' Whereat, for a second, he looked mighty wrath ful. Yes, indeed. Then, as he perceivod that I was what yo may calf all abroad, he burst out laughing again aa if his sides would burst. ' Evan,' says I, ' I've lost my bearings.' ' So yoa havo,' heanswora ; ' for the fact of tho matter ia, yon don't understand what you'ro a-talking about.' Well, my lads, -with 'that ho cooled down a bit, and forthwith, commenced to relate how he'd been on a whaling expedition to Greenland, and had met with luck. Tho conditions was that all was to share and sharo alike — skipper, crew and all. They had a hard time of it, One of 'em lost a nose, another a finger or two, and some of 'em their toeB. Yes. indeed ; tho cold in them latitudes ia mighty thieving of prominent paitB of tho human frame. But then, if the risk's considerable, the gain's even more so. Now, my lads, this shipmate's good fortuno set me a-thinking— as, indeod, wa3 butnatral. David Thomaa didn't own as much aa one hundred and fifty pounds— not ho. His old father might be worth that sum, if his possessions waa all sold. But in tho principality, where money's scarce, a little goes a long way ; and I calculated, on that account, if I could draw anything approaching bo heavy an amount ol pay on a singlo venture, Miller Howell would not stand in tho way of my wedding his daughter Rboda. 'So,' says I, 'Evan, ray old shipmate, you nnd I have always been tho best of Comrades. I'd like to enjoy a similar slice of good fortune. Not as though I'd be greedy, Evan. Givo mo my ahip'a biscuit and my Eharo of grog, and I'm content. But, Evan, there's a pretty craft that wonts to moor aloxgeide of me, and her stip^r won't agreo, because 1 haven't got a- Ehot in my locker. That's it, indeed 1' ' Evan, he looks at mo etcady ; then ho holda but his fist v/ith all tho grace of a port-admiral, just aa ii bo meant to Eorve double grog or givo leave to go ashore. '? Hugh,' says ho, ' tho day after to morrow I sail again for the North Seas. For my mother, Hugh, she's old and she's sick, and thia 'ere pocket-book, with ita contents, ia for her._ Join oui crow, my hearty, and I'llpromisoyo fair play and a sailor's greeting. You'll bring back with yo enough to satisfy jour lass's skipper, and I'll danco at your wedding.' Up I firings to my feet, and, though I waa short of money, I orders another grog. And then Evan and I struck our bargain ; and, J tell yo, I felt another and a stronger man. ' Now, Evan,' I eings oat, ' I'll bo off homo to tell my fcm' 'Avast,' says my shipmate, 'you'll need to | see about your ait. It's darned cool up in them latitudes! '_ ' 'Ay, ay/' I replied— 'to-morrow will do for that.1' 'Right,' ho answers; 'we'll meet at thia very snot to-morrow, by your leave.' Well, mates, with a swelling heart, I crossed tho Mawdaoh river, and began to trudge back to Glanwern. About a milo or so to tho north of tho tho village I ran athwart Gwen Thomas, with a roll of music nnder her arm, and a broad grin on her deceitful face. ' You'ro quito a stranger, Hugh,' sho saya, dropping a curtsey, aaif I weiotho parson, or Sir Watkin himaolf. 'Yes, indeed; now RUoda Howell's come back to Glanwern, you've lost your eyea for every ono eke. If I wasn't good-tempered Ird tako offence.' Now, my lads, I was a bit in tho wrong about this girl Gwen. I don't say that sho wasn't most to blame of tho two, yet conscicnco mado me feel uncomfortable as regards the part I had played towards box. So I couldn't bo otherwise than civil, when sho met me so pleasant like, instead of being oat of temper, as I expected. Says I. ' Gu'on, my ma, mayhap I do care more xor Ilboila than for most others ; I m not ashamed to own it. Anyhow, for her sake, I'm going on a long voyage.' ' What?' she cries, anxiously, her lips turning palo indeed. So, when the girl passed tho question to me, I up and told her tho wholo talo, and how that, in forty-eight hours, I should be afloat on tho briny ocean, with, tho ship's bows standing for the North Sea. She heard roe out, quito dazed like. Then Bho says, says she, in a very quiet demure fashion, ' You'll come to tho singing- class to-night, if it's only to wish ua all a farewell ? Rhoda will bo thcro, but she will walk with tho millor ; so, if you liko to keep me company for tho last time, you may.' In thoso old daya, Hugh Anwyl boasled a tenor voice. Yes, indeed. And this girl Gwen got the reputation of being a prime musician, and used to train our class. They had her all the way off to Llangollon, to perform at an Ebtedfodd, as they call it in tho principality, for sho sang like a nightingale. Well, when sho asked mo to walk with her, I thought it indeed churlish to refuse. So, liko a simpleton, I said, ' Yea f and away she tripped, with an odd laugh, aa if sho waa mighty pleased, I did not know it at tho time, nor did I hear it until long after, but Gwen's brother David, that samo afternoon, had been to see my Rhoda. He told her that Miller Howell expected that she would have him for a husband, and had given him permission to ask her, and that Hugh Anwyl cared for too may girls to love her. However, in the evening I called for Gwen, ' and we two walked together to tho waterfall. Nobody had arrived before us ; so we aat down on tho cromlech, and began to sing what you may call a duet — that ia, a stave for two voices. But my heart was all with Rhoda Howoll : and, as I sat singing alongside of that artful craft, Gwen Thomas, I thought of nothing but the good news I had to tell, and hew it would joy the girl I loved so dearly. It might havo been ton minutes or more — at last, however, I spied tho old miller, and behind him his pretty daughter, arm-in-arm with David Thomas. Rhoda's face was xuiusual white, and her eye3 didn't quite look straight ahead, but seemed to tack about, aa if the wind had shifted to a stormy quarter. Not much was said by any one, and that Httlo not worth remembering. After a bit, Gwen pulls out her pitch-pipe, and starts with Hail smiling morn !— a very proper ditty ; then Hop-a-derry-dando, Tho mon of Harlech, and a lot more— we men singing tenor and bass to tho girls' troblo voices. Ah, Tada .' I think I hoar that harmony roll away with tho waterfall. I'vo never forgotten it. Tho first storm in mid-ocean and tho Fast song your love sings— these my boy, are sounda which stick to your cars liko barnacles to tho bottom of a hulk, or limpets to tho xozka on tho shore. In the middle of thia sing-song, aa you may call it, I spied Rhoda — who wouldn't so much as look or smile at me — whisper to her father, tho old miller; and presently they both loft. I wish now that I'd given them a stern chase, and boarded, like a bold bnccanneor. Bat. you sec, I couldn't rightly mako out Rhoda's looks. Something was amias. That I guessed. And I thought that the sky being so ugly and overcast, I'd better wait for tho chance of clear weather on the morrow. Aa soon as tho singing waa over, I saw that lubber David— who I could havo kicked all the way to Dolgelly with pleasuro, indeed— I saw him catch (iwen by tho button-hole, and givo her somo sort of a tip. She looked earnestly at him, and smiled. Then ake turned away, quite composed, indeed. My lads, I can guess what it was that deceitful varmint said to his minx of a sister. They waa laying a trap for me, tho two of them. Ay ! Yea, indeed ! And they caught me. aa clean aa a shark a Bailor a leg ! 'Rhoda's got a bad headache,' eaya Gwen, sidling up to mo. 'How do you know?' aska I, none too civil, for I was downright savago with myself and everyono else all round. ' She told me so,' answered Gwen, aa glib 08 an eel. 'I didn't Eeohtr speak to you,' taj3 I; nor did I, indeed. 'She complained of it this afternoon,' re marked Qwen. I didn't say no more, I was out of temper and out of sorts. 'Don't be angry with Rhoda 1' rhispera Gwen, quito kindly like. 'She's aB true aa steel 1' My lads, them worda wcro designed to play mo lilto a fish with a bait ; but they soundod eo soft and coMoling as to mako mo feol ashamed for my rudeness to thia girl. ' Thank'eo, Gwen !' gays T. ' You'ro a good Eort ! I did hopo to bavo told Rhoda of my luck tonight. Bat tain't to bo, and I must juut wait till to-morrow S' ' Tho nevrs will do her a power of good/' whispers GweD, quito confidential. ' Yes, in deed. David -wanted to havo her, but Bho won't wed aught bnt Hugh Anwyl ; and when you'vo got your money, you know, her father will givo his consent.' Now, you'o! say, any man Jack cf yon, that ?these wcro fair and, to tiso a figure of irpeech, Eietcrly words. By George, lads I -when I heard them, I tta&bt; told oi hp fcagd. an,d shook it hearty. It seemed to mo that dio was handling mo better than I handled her. ' Gwen,' say3 I, 'I'vo plighted mv troth to Rhoda Howell, 30 I won't offer to kiss you ; but I do thank you, aa a true friend to ua Loth.' Blesa you, you obould havo heard her laugh. It wasn't a clear, merry, innocent sort of laugh, like ray poor Rhoda's, bat a kiud of » nasty sneer. It mado mo thrill again. 'I don't bear malice, Hugh Anwyl,' she cries. 'Not I! You and I wcro bcttcjt fnenda beforo RUcda came— that's all 1' I was just a littlo puzdod by her words. By now, however, aho had gathered up her music, aud began to walk away. ' Dear, dear *' sho cried, as wo got into the road which loadn from Glauwcrn to Dolgelly ; ' why, I declare, it's quito dark indeed, aud I've cot to go to Llanbrccht to fetch somo butter from Farmer Jenkins, and I'm deadly afeard to pa^s tlic Clwin Rock, becauso of Evan Dhu !' * You see, that we'd got a Davy Jones in them parts, a sort of a ghost. The folka called it ' Evan Dhn,' or ' Evan the Black.' Says I, qaito quietly, ' If you'ro afeard of Evan Dhu, why don't jou aik David go along with you ?' ' He's out in tho fields by now,' sho answers, '' takinc caro of tho calves.' 'Wait till ho's dono with tho calves, then,' I observes, a-yawninj;. Whereupon, dang mo J if tho girl didn't commenco to whimper. ' Rliivnrmv timbers. la«s ?' i^riea T. ' if von' re that frightened of tho ghoit, dash mo ii I don't go with yo !' This was just what th'18 Jezebel wanted. Wo walked together through tho village of Glanwern, and I looked up anxiously at tho windows of Millor Howell's nouso, if porckanco, indeed, I might catch a plimpno of Rhoda. Aa wo approachod, I fancied I saw her faco in tho top garret window. Perhaps I didn't. Anyhow, it wasn't visiblo when wo passed. Wo trudged on slowly through tho silence of that mountainous district, our path lying through clefts and brushwood, till at length tho black Chvra Rock towered in front of us, liko a hideous monster, in tho moonlight. Suddenly I felt my arm gripped. Tho feeling, my lads — I givo you tho word of honor of an old sailor, — waa so strange, that I imagined Evan Dhu bad arrested mo. Yes, indeed ! It startled me. But I was in error. It was not Evan Dhu. It was thofalso girl, Gwendoline) Thomas. ' Ugh !' gasped she, aa if she wcro terrified to hear the sound of her own voice,—' ugh ! I saw him, dear Hugh ! Yea, indeed.' ' What ?— who 5' I asked. ' Hush— hush !' sho whispered. ' Spoak not another word ! Wo aro in poril ! Ho will kill us!' ' Don't bo a fool, Gwen !' saya I, uncoTomoni ous-liko, for she waa clinging to mo quito desporato. ' Silenco,' sho whispers, 'or you'll provoko him ! I tell you ho ia watching mo 1 There — there !'— a-pointing with her hand at tho rock. I'll own that at that particular momont I felt rum indeed— especially when Gwen began to shako liko r.n aspen, and seemed aa if sho'd fall down. To save her, I clasped her resolutely round tho waist : and thus, with lior head leaning on my shoulder, wo passed the dreaded Clwm Rock, tho moon all tho whilo shining full on ua. Wo had just turned tho cornor towards Llan brecht, when, I tako my solemn oath, I heard a deep-drawn sigh 1 ' Run 1' whispered Gwen. ' That's him )' My lada, we did run every step of tho way to Llanbrccht : and when Farruor Jenkins heard our story, ho bad out his trap indeed, and drovo 11s home, four miles round by tho road, so that Gwen should not he frightened a second tirao. ' Don't talk about it/' saiu Ctwon ; ' folks will laugh.' ' I'll tell Rhoda, and no ono elso,' was my plain answer. On tho morrow I roso with tho dawn, 'and ran round to tho miller's door. Every othor day, for the past six months, Rhoda was out and about at that hour, scrubbing tho stops or feeding tho chickens. Thcro was no Rhoda then ; so I wended my way to tho Wynn Arms, Barmouth, whero I waited for upwards of four lone hours. Then at last Evan Evana lurches up, a full three sheets in the wind, and aa thick- headed aa tho thickest landsman. Well, messmates, it took mo a sight of tirao to seo about that there kit. Yo boo, I hadn't too many shots in the locker, and wanted to do tho thing cheap. But thia. lubber, Evan Evans, was more harm than good, having lost every atom of his tongue except tho part that's constructed to do tho swearing. That was lively enough, and woke up tho storekeepers. I was quite dusk before I returned to Glanwern, and I had, aa you remember, to leavo by daylight on tho morrow. Now, indeed, thought I, tho time has como when I must speak to Rhoda ;- so I marches for tho third timo boldly up to Miller Howcll'a door, and spies about for my poor dovo, who I loved moro than life, Tho door, my boys, was shut, and looked, too ; which, by tho byo, ain't much of a custom in that part of North Wales, whero ' Taffy ain't a thief,' and we can trusft our neighbors aa our Eolveg. ' Rhoda !' I calla our, quite gently, yet so as sho must hear, unless she's out of tho houso, or gono deaf, indeed. Nono answered. No, indeed, nono. My dear boya, I folt deaperato ; eo, with a h'rm hand, I knocked at tbo door-bandlo. In a jiffey, out cornea Miller Howoll, with a faco like the mast of a rakish yacht, long, and thin, and yallow. ' what d'ye want,- Hugh Anwyl ?' Tho words ware spoken harsh indeed, and angry. I started aaif no had struck mo acrosa tho faco, or ordered me into irona. ' Master,' saya I, ' I'm going away for a long journey, perhaps never to como back again ; and I wish to say good-byo to your daughter Rhoda.' He looked at mo from top to too, and up again from toe to top. Tho man's features were as hard and pitileoS aa if thoy had been cut out of a block of Welsh granits. Then, without a word, ho slama tho door in my faco, Friends and messmates, I'm a Welshman, with tho hot blood of Cscdinon in my veins, I couldn't bear thia, indeed ; bo I atood outside and criod, at tho top of my voico, ' Rhoda— Rhoda nowell, I, Hugh Anwyl, beg and pray you to como and wish me a farewell J Rhoda, anawor me, for I am going away 1' Silence ! Sho would have como out, indeed, but ?waa pTOfented. That I heard afterwards. So I left— I'm not ashamed to own tho truth— with tho tears a-strcaming down my checks and my heart breaking. I could havo gono straight and drowned myself. I was so distraught. Presently I felt a finger on my sleoveJ 'Hughl' whispers a soft voice, 'I'm down right grieved for you,' It waa Gwen Thomas.' I didn't answer, mates— For why ? Eecauso I couldn't : my eyea waa leaking, and my timbers all of a shiver, and I eeomod without bo much aa a holm. But I Buffered her to lead mo into tho back room of old Thomas's cottago, not knowing for what port I waa being steered. Then I eat down, and she clasped my hand quito tender. ' Hugh Anwyl, aho says. ' whatever I am— and I know I'm not aa nood-looking aa others— I'm a true, sincoro fricna. Being so, I tell ye, I ara grieved to seo yo thu3 wrecked within sight of land.' I couldn't talk to her ; bat, after a bit, nhogot mo calmed down, and I quite felt as if I mu^t try to pleazo her— in a sort of a tame-cat fashion, * At last, sho says, quite aa if tho thought ' had como into her falso head accidental indcecy ' Writo Rhoda a letter, and I'll promise yoa aha shall havo it safe. I'll give it her myself.' ', I was that excited, I took tho %\t\ in nvy anna and embraced her. Then I eat dovm anJ I %7xotO ,to Rhoda, telling her tho ?whole tale, and how; for her sake, 1 waa going to risk my life on oi whaling expedition ; nnd praying her to keep1 single for ino till I cimo back again with money? in my hand, so aa to buy tho consent o£ hcjf father. f When I deno that, my lads, I gave it, scaled! careful, to Gwen Thomas ; and, kissing tho girfj who cried, as I thonght, uncommon ucacccunt*' ? ably, I lurched forth, and turned my lack, upon' Glonwern. j Hero I ought to pulT up and re3t a bit, fdi there's what you might call a break in tny yarn.' I was far away from tho girl I loved, toiling, as wo mariners only toil, for tho cursed gold wtoch should mako two miserable souls happy. To out my stcrv short, however, I w.is cone, aa near as may bo, twelvo montha. Oar first vcnsS turo failed. We met with nothing but bad ladcJ and ran into Aberdeen harbor as empty -handed a3 wo went. So, as I wouldn't come home ?®ith« out tho necessary money. I just slips a short Qnfi into tho post to let Rhoda know that Hugh Anwyl was alive, and to beg her to bo patieoW Then, indeed, I joined a second expedition^ which wna fortunate. Wo brought back with 03 a fine cargo of sealskins, besidca vhalebono ; and when I drew my aharo, it amounted, ait told, to nigh upon two hundred pounds, U'j]cUiC3 with some fura, and a fow curiosities. I ran down straight from Aberdeen, travelling night aud day by tno railway, just such another autumn night aa tho one when I started. I rolJodj' unsteady liko, into Glanwern village, aud tba first soul I meets was Gwen Thomas. My stars ! , you should havo heard her givo tongue. 11 I'd] been Evan Dhu himself in tbo guise of ascafaricg man, she couldn't havo looked moro terrified. ' Why, Gwen, lass !' criod I, *'yoa ain't EOTfiB afeard of Hugh Anwyl?' Sho wa3 afeard, though ; and she'd good carisC^ too. 'How's Rhoda?' asks I. I ought to havti mentioned my father, but my mind ran, Yiho a ship in a whirlpool, to ono centre. ' Oh,' na-a Gwen, turning away bcr LcaJJ ' sho'a still ill !' ' What d'yo mean ?' I sings onfc, clntchicg let arm tight. 'Don't !' says she. 'Yon sailors aro eo lcogbj indeed.' 'You apeak tho truth, then !' cries I ; for I guessed from her look and tho queer color in hot darned figure-head, that something was tanjaj t.inn wront» with mv 'Rhniliu _ Sho looks at mo as steady as a gnnncr Uticg aim. 'Hngb,' says aho, 'you'll havo to heir wba6 will hurt you soonor or later. Rhoda m married! to David 1' I didn't speak. Neither did a tear escapo art eye. But I sat down on a atono by tbo loadside, and I felt aa if I'd been strmk by a flash ol lightning. \\\ Gwen went on talking ; and at last, when sue. saw what was up, sho ran and fetched my father*'* and tho old lubber hoisted mo somehow iudoore/ and shoved mo into a hammock, I rather think I was what yo may call mad. How long my mind remained &o; affected I can't rightly judgo. My first recollection ia oE seeing a pale faco sitting by my tido, and I bcaidl a sound which brought mo to. It waa Rhoda. Although aho'd bcon forced into a marriago with that lubber David, tbe'd not forgotten. mo ; and she'd como to tell roe all.1 Yes, indeed. And what'a more, uhe'd como nono too Boon ; for if Hugh Anwyl waa Boracwbcro ia tbo latitude of lunacy, Rhoda was in tbo Iocgi« tudo of decline Sho waa dying ! Yea, indeed - ' Sho told mo how they had hatched up a liO about my having raado lovo to Gwen. To prove this, David had plotted to make mo walk that evil night with hia falso sister to tho Clwm R-oclrj Rhoda had at first rofnsod to boliovo their storyv But when sho saw us— for sho lay concealed! behind tho rock — pass by aa if wo wcro loverffg1 with G wen's darned faco resting on my bolero,' sho was cheated into thinking mo false. Still sho would havo heard mo ; and learnt tho truth before I left Glanworn, but her old father inter* fered ; and whon I was gono, and Gwen bad never delivered my letter, sno conEontcd to wcdl David — just, aa you may say, for tho ealio of peace— belioving tho yarn they invented, that I had run away to sea and would never como back.' It was not, indeed, until she roceivod my letter from Aberdeen that sho learnt how wickedly sha bad been deceived. From that moment she fell ill, and nothing would pleaso her but to return to Miller Howoll's house. Aa for David, indeed* sho would not look at him, or speak to him .' and sho did bnt sit still and wait for death, hoping an sho told mo, that Hugh Anwyl might rctarB beforo tho end camo. My lads, hor sweet volco somehow Btcrwlievl tnj brain, I saw tho wholo spider's web unfolded.' Gwon and David had plotted to sink oar eraftj ' and thero wo lay watorloggod. ' Shall I smash tho pair of them?'7 I eaid.1 'For my eako, no, indeed,' eho answered^ 'Let ua forget them. It is too late, Hngbt, Anwyl,' Mates, I roso from that hammock that very instant, a strong, halo seaman onco moro. My lifo waa wrecked, in so far aa happiness goes.' Bnt tho strength roraained to me. Not so, pocc littlo Rhoda. Hor check waa hollow, and the bright oye3 shono liko tho evening etars in tho boutnern seas. Ho weak was che. tnat 1 baa HJ support hor back to Miller HoweU'a honso. 'Como in; Hngli Anwyl,' saya tho old, greedy* father, looking as if ho could drop down dead from sbamo and sorrow on tho doorstep* ''QqwQ in. This ia stormy weather.' I couldn't spoak to tho man.' 1 would h48 roproach him with having beon tho c&tigo; of this wreck— for hia features, indeod, displayed the punishment he had received. But I came in, and I sat down by Rhoda's side on tho sofa. In a minute or two, tho door oncng, and a figtff 9 intrudes itself. Rhoda put hor hands in front of her face, aa j£ Eho was shamed beyond all bearing indeed. £ started to my lego, for I could havo feiilcd ti.Q man. It waa David Thorna.1) ! Yes, mates. David Thomas. Como 10 eco Ms lawful wife, Rhoda Thomas, who waa married to him bix months ago. Rhoda put hor finger on my arm, and I tft& down liko a lamb. It was impossible to aveuga her wrong. ?'Bo off ont of this hocso, which, yon 'fcavd brought ruin into 1' says Miller floseJ), tpt;ilti»g to hia son-in-law. Tho lubber sheered off. My mates, I can toll no mere,' Wo sat aa nb was, on that thero sofa, till suncet ; and thea-3 and then, poor Rhoda died in my arms J Yea, mates, sho dropped off to Elcop ; and, foB all her miserable end. buo died happy indeed I A3 for Htfgh Anwyl, ho went back to eex BaS after every voyage ho returns to Glanwcru church*. yard, and ho puts a bunch of flowera on a grassy mound— for that is hit only home. 