Opening oilihe Ikiaiy &m;(— [Ss Eebotbic Tblegbaph.] JFBO1I OTO SPECIAt COBEBBPONDENT.] Sum, Wednesday. Tfte Uovemment steamer Ajax left Sydney at a quarter to one this morning, having on board tbe Hon tka Colonial Secretary (Mr. John Eobertson), the Hbn the Attorney-Geueral (Mr, W. B. Dalley),the Hbn the Minister for Works (Mr. John Lackej), Mr. Cameron .X=j aud Mr. E. O. ' oriarty (Engineer-in-Ohief of the tf Hurhcnrg and 'RiverH TlpimHtmnnf. \ -^y'- The steamer arrived off Kiama at daylight, and for- ' mally entered the new basin at nine o'clock, smid the cheers of a luge number of spectators, Tue'eteamera'. Hunter and Illaiong, belonging to the IUawbrra Steam ' : Navigation Company, were lying in the harbour; and ' were gaily decorated with bunting in Sljoiionr of the ' occasion. ' ?'-*?,._ ; The Ministerial party were, on landing, received by Captain Charles, the membar for the town,'. Mr! Black;,' (th* mayor), and other leading residents of the dis trfct. ,;.J. ;-. : :. ?;?? ? After inspecting the Basin the p^rty visited the Blow Hole, which is one of the mort attractive scenes in the vicinity. They next proceeded to- visit.the public build f' ings and various parts of the. town,' and Hie weatber ' being splendidly fine, and the/sea smooth, they had a i fine opportunity of pleasantly viewing the most beau tiful spots of Kiama and its picturesque locality. ' At nuon a crowd of visitorsfrom the adjacent country ' and r-oaat districts commenced ! to jpbur.intp the town in bnggies and on horseback; '? JCb* Kiama Volanfeer: ? were drawn up to form a^guatd of -honour, at the inaus ? . gural ceremony. TheHjaywaB scrupuion'sly observed as a general holiday. .^ ,.,T 'j . V' ,-. , ? . ; . - Csptain CBABLBS,W|ieHceliUrn'of the -party tothe BaBiu, requested Mr. Lackey to. open- the Basin . Mr. Lackey compfied-triththe I request, and delivered a c»«gratulatory speech on t^e.oppjpion. . ' The Premier and his friendK\1iavett«cepted an invi tation to a public luDcte3n,at''-(whiclihis 'Worship the Mayor will preside, Captain Charges officiating as vice chairman, aud a banquet is ^f $^njn\tbia evening, at which the samo gentlemea .wiU'.pieride^ . ' t : . ? ? It it understood that the.. Hoi£-*W*B, DflUey, wilj '* deliver the sgeech of the eyjgMnig, aad jhat w« iihall ? probably have a little chaff about '.the Kiama Ghost.' ^ . . f- The following is a description of the' Hew barbour works, and the cireiiTnofDn^na nn^ot. wYiSaI, ^fia*, i,B«ra been carried out : — ' ; : Berw»en 1849 and 1855 variousapplicatibnsWdpeti- '' tions from the inhabitants of Kiamafor iacreosed acco- ?a modatiou and improvement of their harbour -were made ? . to the Government. . '.-'. Iu tho latter year (1S55) the magistrates employed.'!* Mr. Alexander Bremoer, engineer, to survey tbeharbonr - ?-spi end furnish then with a plan and estimate for its im provement. . . 3ir. Bremner, after a careful surrey, submitted three .= plans, one of which, the most comprehensive, was'«sti matedtocost £30,000. ? *-£$'- *'.'-?? ; in June lboU, after dobis correspondence «n«-furtlier ' petitions from tke inhabitants, the amount of Mr. Breiauers estimate (jt30,000i wat voted for the im provement of the port, and the Engineer for Harbours aud Rivert was instructed to prepare the necessary plans for tfce work. Flans were prepared which, after being submitted to and approved by tho Governor, Sir William Denison, were adopted by the Government, and tenders were in vited f»r carrying them out. One tender was received for s sum tensiderably over £10(1,000 which, being considered too high, was declined. In March of tho following year fresh tenders were invited ; th«se received varied from £70,000 to £90,000. These wen also considered toe high, and were declined. The works were therefore allowed to stand over for some time, and were subst 'lua:Mj commenced uuJer tfc-f immediate superinten dence of the late Mr. John Gibbons. In the original design the depth which was considered suflicient fer the inner luttin was 12ft below low water mark, but it was actmally carried down to about 13ft it t-o first instance. Subsequently, however, valuable deposits of coil were discovered in the mountains near Kiaiaa, and the necessity became annar«nt: fnr mm,!, more extended harbour accommodation. Accordingly a nuwerous and respectably signed petition was pre BOKtBd to tbe Government in November 1872, urging \he need of increasing the depth of the basin to 19ft. Thin request was csneeded to, and further Bums were voted by Farliument to accomplish the work. Tbe work has occupied a much larger time in execu tion than was at first anticipated, whioh ha» arisen from various causes, amongst which may be mentioned tbe large extension of the original design, the want of ade quate funds owing to the financial depression of the colony some years baclf, which practically brought the work to a standstill, for five or six years ; but perhaps chiefly should be adverted to the inherent difiiculties attendant upon tho carrying out of such precarious ouuiuiu-iuHiiftiQUBw wurKaBjjw, &ucs; aunciuties are often experienced in old and settled countries, vrhtre labour and appliances are at hand ad libitum, but they are well-nigh insuperable in young and unde veloped countries like this. , ,. ? . The work is now, however, subsisantially finished. It wob actually commenced in the year 1861. since which to tbe present time the sum of £74,142 lias been ex pended thereon. '£ h« greatest length of the basin is 660ft, its greatest width 370ft, width of entrance 200tt, and depth of water at ordinary low tides 19ft. The ?Aape of the basis may be described as a trapezium, oud it covers an extent of nearly 3 acres, ?' givhjg a wharf frontage of 1161)ft lineal. 