DICKY'S GHOST. BV JUDGE CLAEKE. . Dicky had drawn the first prize-not by a vote of 'The. Fat Men's Club,' but at the County ,Fair #for Dicky was only a swine of surpassing fatness. He belonged to Squire Wiggins, of whose heart ho Was the pride. His efcye was like a parlor; and no barbev ever, took more pains with the locks of a <-us torner than the squire did with Dicky's bris tles to keep them nice and sleek. A trough of savory slop always stood in the corner, and a fomptating ear of corn was ever under Dicky's nose. Had Dicky's fattening powers been with out limit, he might still hare been spared to waddle along life's pathwsiy. But he reacted his maximum at last. Not another ounce could be added to bis weight, and ifc was only waste of feed to try. rVny day he might fall into a decline, aud bring disgrace upon his name. Death before dishonor was Dicky's master's motto, and he was determined that Dicky should die an honored hog, by dying at the zenith of his fattv glory. The countryside flocked to see Dicky but chered. Even Old Whopples, the schoolmas ter, let out school, that he, too, might come and have his guess dt. the weight. Of course, Dick Slathers and bis brother Setb were there. They never missed an opportunity of minding other people's business. ' Isn't he a sniptious sbote f' cried Dick Slathers, with enthusiasm, bestriding the body of his namesake, whom he had claimed the honcr of 1 sticking,' and holding up the bloody, knife as Brutus, senior, did the dagger when he harangued the excited Roman popu lace. Aud a real beauty Dicky was. When be had been soused in hot water, scraped, dressed, and gambrelled, his skin looked as fair and smooth as a lady's. His tusks shone like ivory, and the depth.of lard on his ribs exceeded tbe wildest expectation, as his heft did the most extravagant guess. * I p'pose you never got no bint o' who stole Dicky's brother last year, tbe night after he was butchered ?' inquired Dick Slathers, when all was over, and the parting glass was passing around. No. the squire never bad. * I'd take better keer this time/ Dick ad vised. * And so I shall,' said the squire. ' You see, I let the other one hang out over night to cool, aud next morning he was gone. But wfcep it gets dark, I'll take Dicky to the barn and cover hiio up in a box. Nobody '11 think of looking for him -there.' ". But ye can't well tote him yersclf, squire,' I Dick suggested. * Now here's tne'n' Setb, j we'b jest as leave stay'n help.' The squire expressed his thanks, and ac cepted the proferred aid. So the other neigh bours left, and Dick and bis brother remain - ed. After a snack and a chat, aud a glass of * something," the Squire, Dick, and Setb, as the evening shadows fell, bore Dicky's re mains, now still and cold, to the barn, a«d laid them in the1 box the Squire bad spoken .of, covering them with a winding sheet of ^straw. Then they returned to the house, and ..after another chat,, and a little ' some thin* * more, Dick and Seth bade tha Squire good night, and trudged off to their bachelor borne. At the still hour of twelve, two stealthy fig ures approached the Squire's back barn-door. In them a spectator might have recognised the StatbfiSB^iu- oUiers. Noiselessly they entered. " Here he is, all right," whispered Dick, approaching the box-a moonbeam, which had penetrated through a crack, falling at the moment on the end of Dicky's snout, which protruded from the staw. * Come,' said Seth, * let'6 take a hold and be off. It was a weary hour'9 work Dick had, before the box containing their boot}' was safely deposited oil their cabin floor. ' Whew ! puffed Seth, wiping the perspira tion from his brow, visions of future flitch and gravy floating through his fancy. ' Now for a peep at the darling I' He struck a light, and was about to pull away the straw when, with good swinish ac cent-' Oigb ! oigh 1" came from the box. ' What's that ?' exclaimed Dick. * Dog my cat if I don't believe he's alive !* cried Seth. ';Psbaw! that can't "be,' returned the other. 'Di&n;'t I stick bim myself besides seeing' alHhe witals took out on bim ?' * Oigb 1 oigh! oigh!' still louder from the box. The two men started back, their hair standing aa stiff as Dicky's bristles ever did. I-I've beam it said the beasts hev sperits as well as humans,' stammered Seth, through his chattering teeth. So've I," reply Dick, in a scared tone;' an* why mayn't a hog hev a ghost as well's a Christian ?' Another 4 oigh ! oigh! oigh!' was followed by a loud squeal, the exact counterpart of that wbicb poor Dicky bad uttered when Dick plunged the butchery knife into his throat. Tbe brothers staid to hear no more,but darted for the woods as fast as their legs could carry them. The straw was thrust aside, and, witfc a hearty chuckle, Squire Wiggins sprang from tbe^box, holding Dicky's head, the only part 1 of him-there/present, by one ear. Without I delay the stfliire left the cabin, carrying tbe detached Head along with him. It was jbroad daylight before either Dick or Seth ventured to.return. When they did, aud saw no vestige of Dicky, nothing but tbe box in which they would have sworn they had lugged his weighty carcass such a weary length, their belief in the ghost was more than ever confirmed. Many a night after j were tbeir slumbers disturbed by dreams of unearthly * oighs ! oigbs !' One day wfchout note of claim Squire Wiggins saetT the two Slathers before a brother Justice. The summons didn't state on what fhe demand waa baaed. It was a coincidence, however, that the sum claimed was exactly that to which Dicky's lost brother would have amounted at the market price per powid, X)ick aad Seth appeared, and protested stoutly that they never ' owed the Squire nothin'.* . Let the plaintiff put in his proofs,' directed th«t magistrate. ' Oigh ! oigh ! oigh !* was the answer. The defendants exchanged glances. A new liglit seemed to break upon their memories ; for, alter a short whispered conference, they confessed judgment. It was not till long after that the explana tion came of how tbe Squire had won his case so easily. An agricultural editor winds up an editor ial on the wheat crop with tbe remark : " We have on exhibition in our sanctum a pair of magnificent ears."-American paper. TIMELY SLEEP.-" Sleepin,' Tonald ?" said a Highlander t» a drowsy acquaintance, who was ruminating on the grass in a horizontal position. *k No, Tuncan," was the ready an swer. *' Then, Tonald, wou'd yo« now lend j me 10s !" was the next question. " Ough, I ough !" was the response, with a heavy snore ; 1 " I'm slfppin* noo. Tuscan, my latl.'' ! Too DEAF.-The Vicksburg *" Hcarald'' has the followingThat was aii interes- ting Kccne which occurred recently in an office in Washington-street. Our old friends Wilson and Jones, both men deaf, happened to meet and after the hand- shaking entered into con versafion as follows ;-" Jones, what's the news ?" " Yaas, 'tis so ; wound it it'll ever let np ?" *' When did you get in from Jack son said Wilson in thunder tones. " Going out on the evening train ; can't stay long," responded Jones as if addressing some utan in the courthouse. "What do you think of the victory of the Democrats ?' yelled Wilson. " Oh yes, he's well; he's well; ho told me to present his best regards," shouted Jones as if lie was hailing a steamboat on the Loui siana side of the river. " We got away with them badly, didn't we, old fellow remarked Wilson, so loudly that the porter became un easy, and walked back to see if anybody was being murdered. " Yaas, yaas, he's quite drinking ; he'll be here to-morrow or next day. How's ycr family ?" " Oh, we done it fairly no humbugging; no pink ticket; no shenanigin. We beat 'em square, old fellow. When yer fioing out?'' Just then the proprietor of the store, seeing that things were getting complicated, brought in a bottle and two glasses and a ream of paper &nd; a dozen lead pencils, and our friends talked with less enthusiasm during the remainder of the two hours. llis First Win.-" Beta half a crown I shall fall down ! Bet half a crown I shall fall I" murmured an old chap last evening as, loaded to the muzzle wi!h Irish whisky, he was feeling his way down our street. " Bet half a cro " Just hero the old boy's heels flew so high into the air that his head and shoulders beat them back to th«i ground. Rising to a sitting posture, he took up his hat. rubbed the back of bis head, and then said-" Won the,money, by Jupiter ! And it's the first bet I've won this winter too." 