LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. THE rEATIHER --The sample of weather not only wot but wintry, which had so strangely o'truded upon us at this season, continuing for several days, and necessi tating the lighting of fires oven in well. closed sitting rmoms, appears to have ter minated, and the atmosphere has again be come more lilo that of Sunlmer. On the whole, there has been but little reason to complain : for the rain wab not heavy; and was found, at least in many cases, to [e dried even out of the hay, almost as fast as it fell, by the wind which accom panlied it. W\'hen rain was not actually falling it was good weather for work, and the showers have, of course, bean of much value to the young corn and other crops. AT the Kiarna Police Court, oi Wednes day last, Joseph Lucas was brought before tihe Police al gistrotel. Mr. Connell, on the charge of being drunk, I H pleaded guilty, uand was.adllbonihled and discharged. Ctcuerr fTh? i iatch betwdo itlhB KManid and Wolloingoug clp;s, ~postponed, from Saturday ast ill conaeqauoeluo of the incle ment weather, will be played ol 'Saturday next oli the Klamu'ground,. *'HE LIQUOR io AF Prlc.-Wo see by tilhe lerald of Tuesday Ilst that a conference of clergymon was lield at the Temperance Hall on Monday afternoon, Thiere ws a large tlendlance ; and after the subjeot had been well discussed it was resolved unani. mously to siibmit the following for thce coal eildration of tile Uoveroment; as, amenud. monts' to the present Lieuusing Act --,1 The untird remouval oi' the llp oer to lieose from tihe present p'lratioally. irroapotlsibla malgistrray, s?ld thol' colifrring ol that power upon Boards ~f Licunse, sitting, at fixed and numerous lilaoos, throughout the colony,-. 2, That,suuh Bolirds of Lieence be elected in the miunicilial frianihise by the ratapayers intolwns, boroughe,. road trust distriotdl,&o.; and that suoh 'Boards 'shall have pbower to refuse'; without' further appeal by applicant, a!y or all licenscs which may be applied fora' their. annual ,hat1rly 'sittings 8. That Suaday sn aundo absolutu in allc ases, 4. Luat a buioeinl onetalbuliry for.uo,.uude r the Inspector Genorul of Polioe consisting of an inspector and a suitablo number of soleuted lmen, be appointed solely to see tllat the Licensing Act be strictly carried out, and for the detection und'punishment of all offences against it, ACCIDENT,--. 'ho follow0ing sad accident (which we reprint from the tdlehueat' IPree Press) is very simnllau to theo the oiio we reported last wlek as having occurred at I(lgalroo Gronud .l--On Monday last an acoldoat occurredtto a little girl Iluted Ustlhrino Pandtrogat by which Ishe nearly; lest one of her foot, From the. parti eulars to luhand it appears that .tie child was playing :~vih it lioew American axe, frdshly shllrpoenid,;ild when ill thie not of striking, tlhe instrumnt slipped 'olff the wood and entured the child's loft foot, severing i ?tll ory, iei d, outttng the foot lntarny to the solo, .lor brother-in lty, with wholm sh11e wits lving, imutiedlatoly applied bit dlagos i'ai poured water over tham thus. provnltilg oexcessivo homor rhago. tie thuen brought the child into the hospital wherm tihe proper remedies woere applied. OU'rauno v Y IANA?xAs,-A terriblO out. rlgo lia been l ul0u11ll, ll' IeI' n r Mary. borough, QuWenlitnal. -The Olhtonile IIys :-Ins n tuttge on the liudah rlil,, abou ilur mlles froam hiwe, and about half. n.sitle lfrois lhe pililltationl lived a h1mily of the n st l of M'lirydo; Allout 'idnllghil on Sunday' Mra, M'llryde, hlonrng some person mlovihg in hIlrroom, struck a match to asnertain the ousilo 'of, the dlstutrbance 'T'he llatlhh hu1 hardly lime to ;lnite, whell shi, rtelvvel a I*arnful bluw in ths lelst jaw, Slilellh rt.,ud a od'lt llher ins' l le,. tIts ha' uilt viiry hI.lilatiurt rouu l tlioll ii o' hat11 ulliawe'd,-i Ilo, ev r, Ihr o hIia hIf' ghnlllll roundl tih rollam khob lUthe .II.ghltd muttlh unlied hir tno tie', hlt beh l've' Ihat shei Isun to a ntih an lislanttders, When ahe aullt' teil hll'u ? t? ' is ' lil h t'rs? I'III g lIWl t' nud:theon tlers w'l anolther lolng blnnl of unimianeioLsuei,. . \Viien shie reicined her senscs, csh crawled and dragged herself along to the house of her fathecr, whieli was situated over a qurhrler of ia mile from her own d(welling. The blow on the jaw had evidently bern adiniisteel-I with an nxo or tmalinai k. mud had severed the bones for it letlgth of bIewepic tlhrilee and four inches. Her left arm ibove the elbowr was cut with Ia blow pio1ahlily from the Aame insutrlllen(l:, anld e great wa Ihe ! three of the blow that both bones were broken. There were several othler luts, i s though made withia' knif,, on oiltr parts o-f hlr person, notably on iher hack urnd foriehead, and she hadI receiveild a fearlul Canah on the right shoulder. Yet, n it, all these wounds and the consequent Ilns of blood, she was olive, n id able to till Ier story. The first blotnw, hownever, rendered her iusesibile, aod she was ignorant of whatever brutalities they might have practised on hier until she regained couseiousnesa. It is probahle that tlie rulians ihaving tomahawked, stabbed, and draggedi her on to the road, had left her for dead. With careful nurs ing she will yet, it is hoped, be able.to ap. pear in n court of justice, and denounce lhem, Two men were captured on suspi oiOn. SERIOUS ACCIIDENT AT IOLWARRlA. An accident of a serious nature hallppened onl Friday rmornin - to a boy nameud Ilobert ('poiard, thirteen years old, the son of a faimnter at inlwarra. The boy (says the illaitlanid lMercir/ll) woas climbing a tree opposite the residence of Mr. G. atando,,i in pnrsuit of a inative bear, when the limb hIe was oni broke, and Ieo fell a disttilco of forty feet. The spot whore the poor boy fell was of a soft nature, which tended to lessoe the injuries heo received. Heo was taken into Mr Stanidon's, and a messenger despatched for )Dr. Stride, who attended oni the sufferer It was found that h1e had sustained concussion of thie brain, and 1he now liesn i t very precarious state. Iv ove' there were business men in this colony deserving well of the public for i.norgy and sterling intogrity over transac tions, they are the Messrs ,ILI{eY Boos , of 603 George-st,, Bricktiold.hill, who, in sup plyi,.g their 05 BALeL of goods to the most distunt resident of the colony, pay most scrupulous regard to souding thoroughly good and so' stantial articles in return for patronage. What they advertise, they faithfully perform, and they seomumost de termined to willt continued success by sup plying articles at ordinary prices, Ihough far and away above orlinary quality. Once they get a patron, they make sure of his continued support and his strongest re counendation.-An-v, AN ES0At'AnD -On Tuesday morning information was received tsays tiie Singlo ton Ariqgs) that a man named Johnson, who was in custody for having stolen a watch and chain and a shirt, at UGrota, had succeeded in making his escape from conit stable Ilitchie at Ilra xtou I olhnson wes, it ippears, at the time of getting away, handcuetld, his hands being fastoened be hi d him, so that unless succeesful in free ing his wrists he could not long remain undiscovered. 13t'I'INni A MAN'S EAR OrF. - Duriing the passae recently of the City of l3ris lane to this port froin Quoensland, an altercation took placo betweon otie of tho sailors and a )passengor, whih ev\'entuated in a fight. In tileto scatllo the sailor, lilling his card being torn out, turned savagely upon his assailant, and bit thr'pa.lrts of his left ear oil'. HIe was given in custody on the arrival of the vessel, and was cin ,iitted for trbil at, the Water IPoliU Cltll't on Monday morning last.-E-lveinq icus. DROWNED IN A TANK. - The Narrandera correspondent of the Wagga Express writes on the 18th November: - A sad occurrence is reported from "Bygoo" (Mr, Stewart's) station, adjoining North Bolero. One day last week a young lad, aged 16 years, named George Stewart, son of owner, had occasion to go across the bush to Mr, Jil lett's station, some twenty miles distant. When more than sufficient time for the journey had elapsed, and his parents be coming anxious, inquiries were made, and it was discovered he had not reached "Buddi gower" (Jillett's), A party was immediately formed in the hope of finding him. His horse, very much exhausted, was found close to home near a recently filled and very deep tank, with the young lad's coat and trousers strapped on the saddle. His body was discovered caught by a large root near the bottom of the tank. The Narrandera police visited the spot, and after a formal inquiry, the body was interred. SraIoxc Du LlouairNeo,--Mr, James O'Hiallortan, a farmer tit VWrraltkook (says the Hflmillon Spectator) was sitting near an open window reading ai niowpapopr, when the window was struclc by lightniog, and Itle blind was set on fire, He itmmedintoly fbtahed a bckeut of water, throw the eoln tents over tho'fllmes, and extinguished the fire., l1oT ,WevTmrua IN Quc.sAten.,-thel Warrego correspondent of the lirislbani ouriecr, writing under dlate Novemnber 11, says i-The drought ooatitnues, and aplpear. ances at present are muIch'worse thou last year at comamencement of suntmer, for then there was a sprig in the grass, whe'rone'now there Is not the ghost of such all t iling The heat' Is fearful, 'ihe quiehsllver for the last tan days has registered ans averigo of 105' in the aliids"-maximum 110'i? mini. nium 102. Thoee readings are t from there;iiiuietrs', in Oharlivtlleu and oh the Paroo aindc3ulloo, Ii' 'rain do not come saoo, it will tio very disistrous for a largo number of pexspgs in this dlatriht,. Out ivest the o, tiler i fitlllig rapidly, anid many sqattitra oal tho'?hiiloo ancd Paroo are nowa "drid out," i/'tid'li'ivo had to trave'ltlhir' stook. hleiat ll's, fnid dust are too sHvero toallow tlu to say any' mlre, 'l' IIARsIIN H uToToN.sitEIa' 11 on0tinri-. This morning, at the \Water I'olioe oturt, thelIwo mon,.lhaubert Pringleo and James ?'tsor, who hlid boon remnatnded on a hattge of breaking ;fand ''itering the dwoilllg housoe of Joisi WVest, Harrington. troOt, alnd. stealing thurofrom 'propurty and mnolloyto the ,val uo of 1~60, wore again brought ulp,, andltl ovidenoo as to thle dia. posliaof the property by Iprisonors, beltng i'orthoominglt, theo: . iuo was finally delolt with .,At tho two previous hcairitlu a testi mosny was adduitced which proved that the orlsoneras wor tlie man who had broiket ilnto the houtise A ? l now ovidonce wasi given by tir, ,eti-y ,lMurray, of 11ao luanrlo-str'ot southl, lutwnllroiler, showing that various artiloesof jowollry, afterwlarda identlllied by Mfrs, \HVestt s ht er: ltprlporty hlad boon Ipawnetl with him bythe prisoaor Pr rglo, Who lJoeulr dooldold on sulsing the prisoners for tr;ll, and they were to cotrdlngly. oommltteod to thel Oriminal Court ,It Is tuloratootd thiat both Prhiglo and lirnazor are W\est ,\ustralian conviets, \lollday's , eoatnO t ]n '1?el 4 81 '', On Naturday nmut'iilig, tys the Muonroe ',lloeliy, a yoilltug 'imunt nined JihlilIlr ,ionurotled to erts;ithoe UInhulllolliivti, ihe ld' Hith htinlt a dray llld tithrot hliorse, to 'trilng over a osiio Iitrdlll s, Oni the l opi nslti. ,Ida t ti111 riortas cempod lit old dugotr, ho ?ut thowtiwty fiwrtll tu l ann iuttor , lllto itbout hanllynpl£' )'ltn r WaS' ?0arly tp to his armpits in the current ; a fow momettp It'r lit auddeuly di, ppeared. The digger lastened tlp to the hand station, where lie are the il rm, and atter some timtn a hur ri.,d sitarch was nmae lbr tihe trissing man. CIo lo to the rossing-pltiue thre is a deep Iolo nanr the batnik, intoi) which Ih, uaforfat lst. l tati n R as s Iept (and d(Iro n-d. Thit hIores wre drtiowned lsn The body of Flakltir, who was only 20. yeots- of age, was not rocoveed. DI?trIrH pla r S',xINA -I'rtI.-A case of leath from the it hile o a i dath-dder is re ltrded by the !Tow'nsp'ille 1/raol of tihl 14th insttanlt. O() Friday a boy latsn , Robert Canovau, aged 14 years, in the ei ploy of Mr. Crosby. carrier, was in thie acit of Imaking his led under tile wa'aggon when lie felt somethin, prick him on tihe back of the wrist; it caused great pain and swell. ing. A liiht was procured, when a death. atdder eighteen inches lo.g was discoveredi under hle tray Mr. Crosby immediately kil ad the reptile with a stick. A small puncture was observed on the back of the wrist, which Mrs Crosby scratched with a pin and squeezed it to make it bleed, and also tightly bound a bandage round the forearm lie was then brought into town to Mr. Clayton's shlop, and a medical man not being immediately available, and delay being considered' dangerous, anl injedtion, application, and internal dose of toen.drop s of ammonia were administered; a tight bandage was also placed round the thick ptart of the arm. The boy, then walked homo, a distance of half ta mile, and fell ieto a sound sleep for four hours. About 11 o'clock the following day lie became worse, whenl Dr. Wutth was called in ';lie contiinued to get worse in spite of all medi cal efforts, and exactly at sutndown, twenty three hours after the bite, when beilg walked about between two men, lie stid denly dropped down and expired. HomuILt DEATirH.-During the present week, says the ltfurrttl, undi I'imtes, a man named Cornolius Dever, aged 56 ycars, who has been working on the railway line near Quirindi, was admiitted into the hospital suffering from dropsy. He is well-known in the district principally for his erratic and disorderly conduct. It applears that ])over has been ill for some montlhs last, and during this tim Ie he has received little or no attention-moedical or otherwise Ultimately lie became so bad, that seine of his neighlbours interested themselves in his belhalf, and arranged to convey him into town to the hospital. Dover's candi. tion boi g such as to renoder it nccessary that lihe should be treated with the ureatost care and gentleness, the journey into town was of a most protracted character. On hie admission to the hospital it was found that lie was scalded and bedsore itn timany per. tisis of his body, that lie was suticritng front dropsy in its worst forim, and that owing to the neglcot to which hlie lhad boen subjected, the flies Ihad not been slow to do their slow and horrifying wotr. Every at. tentiot was paid to him by the hospital oflicials, but Dover died. A WVoMarN Co0itivnTenD Foe. T'RAL R101 Linti, -A telegram in the Arvns Iromn Sale siays-Mi's: M'Leod, wife of Alexander M'Leod, draper, of Sale, was committed for tril ait the next assizes for mnIliciously libelling Mr, Patten, policitor, 'The libel was continlued in aill alnoymouls letter senlt through the post to Mrs, llohinson, 'rife of omplalllalnt's lmanallging clerkl. The sLtate. meents in the lotter were exceedincly gross. ]Experts were called to prove the identity of hM rs, M'Leod's handwritting cvilh that of the letter, and the Polijo Miagistrate '1ld Mayor rtncurred in sending the case for trial. Defendaut was admitted to hail. TiI, COII'OIro'rIO DIrIOULT'Y.-At the mleetine of thie .\Mnicipal Council, heold yesterday afternoon, a letter was re coived from Mr. Driver, the city solicitor, enclosing anillother from Moessrs, Allen, Itowdon, and Allen, solicitors, in which it was agreed that the writ for the sequestra tion of the Council's estate should be held back for ia fortnight from last Monday, on condition that the Council would under. talko to have the work at .tlackwattle Swamp completed in that tilme, and also consont to a decreo in accorldance with the prayer of the till in the Equity Court, with cots, Thile Mayor wias requested to wait on the Colonial Socretary for the purpose of urging the Government to complete the work -Wednesday's HIcrald. ALLEGED DIscovinY oF GOLD N?AR SIN. ciLrroN,-Not a little excitement (says the Siqgleton Argus), was caused in Sineleton an Thursday lost, when it hec'mo rumoured that gold lhad been struck in the neighbour hood, and thatl specimens having alltully iben found, the neocesary miners' right was taken out in the morning, and a prospect. ing party had started immediately for the spot, This turns out to be the ease. We pre told, that at a locality whero gold was often suspected to be, it has at last been obtained The exact spot is, of ourse, not given by the disloverors, who left.Single. ton on ''Thursday, travelling via Stewart's Creole, The party consists of eleven per. sons who iro reported to be confident that there is somethitng in the venture, Rumour rays thint they ireo not the only ones with an El Dorado in view, more thanou one old digger being confident of malking a find, A NIce DIsru't-A- N AnTILLERnYaAN Slznac,-- Just as the Qutoon of Nantonb, bouid for Brisbane, was leaving London, the captatin shipped several fr'esh .seameon, and on arrival at her destilnition one of .tIhem deserted, The captain bioin too busy did not issue a warrlnt, but came on to Sydney, and on llding that the missing man was here communicated with the Watelr Pollce li\agistrate in order to secure hiin, It was' then found that the' seanan had enlisted in the Permanont Artillery foree,? drd the Police Magistrate, found, himself in the diflloulty of being in doubt its to.whe;ther he eould arrOst the deserter or;not, While things, wore being conei. iered, the deserter, with another artillery man, took the garrison boat and pulled over to son how' his mates wore, wheon the tap. tali grvsapod him and put him quod on board, and kept the garrison boat and tlhe other irtillery mlni too of course theoro was no help for tiles attter, biit lie was doter. minied to stiak to his tan,. This morning tihe Witter PtlloooMegistrato had ia letter from the Commandor of the Artillery Forces, Lllutenant' Coloelol Roberts, do Inading the reloetis of hIls nmln I and that is low' thle way in twhlih tho wholo ease stands, It is tixplpoted, howevor, that thoro vill he an inminble settlement of the whole tliottr,--Monday'se b aening NAtes, A Uoltlous AFr,aty,-Atn old man named William Brltton, aged 77 years, wasi ad: mitted to the Melbourne Hos pialn sulherln from a stab in the loft sido, which hi stated wat tinllioted by another oldi miln nmed Edward M'Novoe, that night illn Coiling. wood, whore they had boon drinking togutkior; the Argi,any s hya t i oit bout llill an lholrne aflterwirtls hl,Novan presentetd himself at salome iltlitution, and stated that Ih had bon ploi?oneod by Britton, whlo iad ltb I greyish powder into someno ti Io h I'Novn) il had lbont drilking, lM'Novlan lii not illpilent' to lbn sufllrling front the slli'ets of olison, bult the hospital olllolals thdetermint to err oil the stileo side, anld lad mliltvi hilP, A paper aonitalniig a prv. parat.ion of arsenic was found in his po ste?iou. Next, day the ale which he had been drinking was analysed, and was found tol be free from anything deleterious, t.'Nevanl was then taken in charge by the p ,lie, on a charge of stabbing the other miss. 