AMERICA. '?'? ? . :C#ta MR. DION BOiTCICAULT AND IEISE APFAIBB;^'. .\'; The New York Irish Citizen has received X ; the following letter from Dion Boucicault, ;i;£ We agree with our contemporary in beliey-'M^ ing that its touching allusions to the writer's' fJv' great sorrows must evoke Lhe sympathy of;f* every Irish heart : — rvf|-; ' Nice, February 24, 1876.:' ' ~w My. Deae Sie,— I am very grateful for'.3/* your kind letter and its enclosures, but;;™? indeed, the many such we have received isTr:S no balm to our feelings. You bring back^i' to me the constant proof of how dear a boy'/' we have lost, and make me know it, if '.pos-f^ sible, better than I do. My eldest daughter °-! and my son are with me here, where we're-R.'- main until May, when we return to LondonL'n;f 'You may have seen in the Nation' aa '''''. announcement of my intention to address ' the t':: English people in public, at the Sfc. James'su':; Hall, in London, in Birmingham, ;LiverpooI,VVi Manchester, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, da ' T^ 'the prejudices existing in England respectf^14 ing the Irish people.' This little pilgrimage''' v' will occupy me during May and June. -:'-j\ 'I sail in the Russia, on Saturday, Juljr'^ 29fch, for New York, where, God willing, J^ hope to arrive, accompanied by my eldesfe''111 daughter, in August. ' ''''? ' Although the oration now,'m preparation11'' will not be of the aggressive or denunoiatqnr-' kind that might find favour with some of the'/; ? more daring spirits of our countrymen, P*' : hope it will do some good in tho direction of\'-5 our hearts. ; ° ' Agitation has been mainly confined to^;' Ireland on Irish questions. This appears to *'?'* me to have been a mistake. England is .ths2/ ? proper field on which to fight the battle, and not with the democraticclasses, iri'masij'^' meeting, but on the higher ground. There fore, I invite to this discussion tfo© educated! ,., the so called higher orders ; for it is amongf ^ those the strongest prejudices and pro-;!J foundest ignorance exist. It seems to me to! ' ;' b^ a cheap way of obtaining adhereacs to'go1^ amongst an Irish community all ready to1';' applaud and receive opinions and viewo. ?'? in proovking antagonism in England. rfi ?* You say that Dome people in England' have doubted my earnestness on this inattsiy--''1 Yery well, I do not work in it for applause, li nor care much what such people may think:* ;.' feeling very sure that sincerity, honeaty oiP purpose, and love of one's work will, ?dt^ length, justify that man out of whose moutte'j the heart speaketb. ? ,v-'i ' I wish I could convey to the many'; kind people who have felt for us in our re^i cent affliction how grateful we are. Perhaps'5^ you have heard that fast on the Jboals o? one-' calamity our family have suffered another?.' ~ My brother George had a, daughter, his eld';'1 est, a sweet and lovely girl, who waa married^ ? last month to Captain Clintpn Greene, of th®' Artillary. They were goiag out to India J last week, on board the Strathclyds steamed to join his regiment, and within twenty,' hours of bidding the bride farewell, ah'o £ perished in the disaster off Dover. My EO'si'J Willie had been her ' best man' at the wed^i ding. My three daughters had boen hos*' j bridesmaids. The news of thio dionster ovejb'J took u;j as we came ho?e to get away iyoxil' fche troubles we felt too much iu iSugland.'' . ? The body of the poor girl was found. o&- Eamsgate four tk^s aS&omar;&v; 3)oa&5 ' bas b&en; busy with me and mine, and lias coaie'in bis , most terrible shape. Forgive we troubling you with my troubles, and believe me yours faithfully, ' Dion BoucrcAtrLT.' FIBB AT THE LITTLE SISTERS1 HOME, BEOOK ' . LYN. Tj»6 bearing of the Little Sisters of tbe Poor during the trying scenes through which they passed elicited tbe highest praise from police, firemens and citizens, and all were impressed by the order and coolness that characterized their every movement. Hough men rushed hither and thither among tho debris and wreck in efforts to baffle the spread of tho flames or remove the dead, and at every step they met amid the smoke devoted Sisters bearing blankets or coverlids to coyer the charred bodies of the dead. The Sisters followed closely in the wake of the police and firemen, and were unceasing in their labours to perform their whole duty. There was at this time no noise, no confusion, Iio rushing here and there. Every little service' was rendered oo silently and so quietly that men, who had never before come in contact with the Sisterhood, stood ana^iooKea on in surprise ana admiration. One neighbour, named Donohue, fully ap preciating the danger, secured a ladder as goon as he heard the alarm, and hurrying to the building essayed to save some of the in mafcejtj.who had made their escape to the roof:!ah(i stood wildly screaming and wring ing their hands. Suddenly there appeared in one of the windows of the top dormitory, that on the third floor, an old man, whose shrieks of 'Save me! save me ! I'm burning up ! 'For the love of God help me !' were heard high above the screams of the others ? and the roar and crackle of the flames. The smoke was all about him, but now and then it cleared off sufficiently^ to reveal his figure aad his bare grey , head. Mr. Donohue fought the smoke and placed his ladder against the '; wall under the window. When the old ' man, who was afterwards found to be . Michael Uumraras, saw the enorts to rescue him, he endeavoured to clamber out to catch the ladder, which appeared as if in its pro gress upward it would reach to the window where he sat shrieking. It was ;f.oo short by nearly a dozen feet, and whenCJuminins saw this ^he uttered a shriek that horrified the few.' -who had been attracted to the spot below. He was about to throw himself down in the hope of catching the ladder when Donohoeran up the rungs and shouted to him to get a sheet and lower himself. The '. roan, obeyed, and going back soon reappeared with ...a' sheet, which he tremblingly made fasOo the iron bedstead near by. Eeassured by jJonohue'a shouts of encouragement and and jiirection, he clutched this improvised rop?, and swinging himselt beyond the window-sill he slid slowly downward. Ho had almost reached its end when, in common vritjjx-.'.'th'e. spectators, he realized that the sheet extended less than half the distance between the window and the ladder-top. Mr. Do.nbh.ue braced himself against the ladder andf shouted to Cummins to d'op and he would catch him. He attempted to obey, bttt in his nervousness he had swung himself partially around, and letting go his hold on the.shaet at the same instant, the movement threw him out of the direct line to Donohue's arms, and as he fell he just grazed the side of the 'laddej and his rescuer's outstretched arms and ahot down to the stone pavement af jthe area below. There he lay a quivering mass; of 'flesh and broken bones, and a moment after, he; was picked up he was dead. — Ca'ihqlic Standard '.-?. ^ '. FJJIGHTFUI i NIGHT ADVENTUEE. Samuel Erb, living in East Penrisboro Tawnshipj Cumberland county, Pa., was re turning home at night. He was seized, stripped, robbed, bound, and gagged. He was. then sent home. The thieves also took their- leave, going towards Harrisburg. The feelings of Mr.. Evb can be easier imagined than described as he wa'ked. home through the keen air. :: At his gate he was met by his dog. [failing to recogniza his master, he kept barking and snapping through the pales at his legs. He could not speak 'o- he ... was, gagged. Mr?. Erb being aroused by the, noise, looked out of the window, and gaeingi his white figure dancing in the mo.m 1; Hgbt, thought it was a ghost, called her r .' fatlier, Henry O. Boozer, who was staying with her at the time, whp came armed with the ,sHot gun, and, opening the door, he eallea off the dog. He then demanded to know the mission of one in so strange an attiro..; Never was man. more willing to »pgak, or more, unable, than Mr. Erb. As t§e only reply was a few nods of the head, '?'. accompanied by. as many . jumps with the :?. fe#at,.Mr. Boozer £hen brought , his weapon to ? hiBiShpuider, and, taking aim at the sup posed ghost, demanded it to speak im mediately or leave the premises. With these he coupled the promise that a. failure toipomply would cause him to fire. Mr. Ei'.b; was now in a great dilemma. Speak he could not. If he stayed he would be shob. and if he went away ho would freeze. In fact he was nearly frozen alreo.dy. He tftt/ifid to go, and as he did so his wife saw ? hj^VVnq were tied on his. back. Telling Ln '-:'? father ih'\3, that gentleman called on him to ] ootne wick, but kept the gun pointed, saying &a; long as there wag no evidence of hostility, there need be no fear. M-. Erb tremblingly obeyed, and on (Uiiwiiig near was recognized and' taken in jiml oared for. it w^s some time before Mr. .Erb could givo on ''count of what he suffered during the last hour. Ho says the robbers were white men in dis guise, and thinks there is no possibility of detecting them. AN ADEOIT SWINDLING SCHEME. An adroit swindling scheme was resorted to by a couplo of telegraph operators in Texas recently. Immediately over one of the banks in Dallas is the telegraph office, and recently two of ihe operators left town. On the day following a well«dressecl man entered the bank with a cheqne for 10.000 dol. on a New York banking-house, and desired it cashed. He brought with him numerous letters of recommendation from parties with whom the bank had business transactions, and everything was all right, apparently. But 10,000 dollars was a considerable sum to pay out, and the bank officer hesitaied, and finally. declined to cash tho cheque. But the stranger was importunate. ' Gentle men,'1 said me, ' I come to Texas to invest thi3 money in cotton. It is very necessary that this cheque should be cashed. Suppose you telegraph to INew York to this banking house ? Ask them about me. I will pay all expenses.'1 Nothing could be more plausible than this ; so a despatch was sent, and in a short, time came the answer to the effect that it was all right and the Dallas bank would confer a great favour on the New York firm by accommodating their friend. This was satisfactory, and the ch-'quo was cashed. It is tbe practice of telegraph operators to go over their day's work at night briefly by asking the different points to which despatches have been sen'-, whether they have been received or not. On iuquirs ing of the New York operator whether despatches 13 and 14 had bceu received a negative answer was returned. No despatches had come to hand, and consequently no answer could have been sent. The des patches bad been reerularlv received : tliev had oorne from somewhere, but where from could not be known. The cotton speculator had disappeared witb die funds, and the bank officials were at their wit's end. In a day or two tbe mystery was solved. The two telegraph operators had gone a few miles out of Dallas, taken possession of an old shanty by the roadside, attached a bat tery to the wirss, and takeu the despatches intended for New York off. They had then sent answers. 