3<rml and tapt D h p , WE6LEYAN.—The Rev. James Phillips will preach in the Wesleyan Chapel, Terrara, on Sunday, the 13th instant, morning and evening, at the usual hours; and at Cambewarra, at 3 p.m. on the same day. • CENTRAI, CRIMINAL COURT.—The first Sydney gaol delivery for the year will comtncr.ce at Darlingburst Gaol, on Monday next, the 14th instant. The calendar, we understand, is exceedingly heavy. CRICKET.—A match will be played at Moss Vale, to-day, Saturday, between an eleven from Kangaroo Valley, and an eleven of the Moss Vale. ULLADULLA BACES —By reference to the programme, published in another part of this issue, it will be seen that in the " Ulladulla Handicap " the amount of the prize has been enlarged from £10 to £20. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH LINE.—Tenders are called from persons desirous of contracting for the supply of all material and providing the workmanship necessary for the erection of a line of telegraph from Moruya to Bateman's Bay, an estimated distance of J8 miles. The road between tho Bay and Ulladulla will be the only gap not" bridged by electricity " alongthe Southern Coast, when the proposed* line is'-corapleted. r . Nov*t, CRICKET MATCH.—On Wednesday last a somewhat novel cricket match took place upon the Terrara,,cricket grounjl.. The members of the Variety Troupe, cotaprising clown, and nigger minstrels, diessed up from their theatrical wardrobe, played an equal number of the Shoalhaven United Cricket Club. The day was fine, and a large number of spectators were present. The antics of tho theatricals wore exceedingly grotesque, and created considerable amusement to the crowd, but much to the mortification of one of our local celebrities, and although some very fair bowling was exhibited during the play, the game, as was expected from the onset, terminated in an eusy victory for the apeal rricketers; In the evening the Company gave a performance, at the Commercial Hotel, in aid of the funds of the Shoalhaven United Cricket Club, which was fairly patronized. DEDICATION OF CROWN LANDS.—The following item has been culled from an abstract of Crown Lands authorised to be dedicated to religious and public purposes, in - accordance •with the 6th section of the Act 25th Victoria, No.. J :—" Allotment 15 of section 3, parish and town nt Nowra, containing 2 roods, being an fldiiiiiunal grant for Roman Cathoilc Church purpurea. ..- CitojWN.IAND LEASES.—The following are the holders of Crown iRnd leases within the district , of Shoalhayen find Ulladulla .-—Shoalhaven : WilUaiii Brown, two lots of 640 acres each, at an annual rental of £2 each section; Jatne* Murray, 640 acres, at £2 per annum ; Thomas M. Street,' .tw ti^ectiijns of 640 acres, at £2 per sectionA- dp >!cMrc, 960 acrcs, at an annual rent of £3';' ami David and'WiilterMorrlce, 1280 , BcreB, .jj:^ .ppr annum. Ulladulla District: :1000'-aawi, --Tent. £& iisfid per Kennedy, juu., 703 acres, at \ . -<3ort^ J.280 acies, at £4 par annum, f^ND dTBLtoS are jfowm this tAipany 4ias bijm xeyATs nowln the Wistr((jt, eimloyl a line from the coal mi*- * ' stead of being a real lii ^ contemplated, we arelbi tramway. Well, thanks^ DISTRICT' COURTS. — 4 holden at Nowra, l^dKre J Monday, the 21et Instant set dpwB for bmrinfy are Tilflily To cause «ome int pWbable that ore.or two of __ cases. 'Oistfict Courts will alfij Wollangong, on Wednesday ne: rt will arland, on ,re twelve p IjOf which lf^it also ifl^ie juiy^ ik« place aft Kiamp, cn Friday next, the ljBA i^fi^jf at^pil dulla, on Thursday, the 24tli fnsta«B?. # t QI^KTER SESSIONS.—A Court Qjia;' " sions'will be holden Wolloogoff^ \ij\cfarJftB/l, Chairman "on "T\|esda^» lfth^jRtfmt. # ;<fi6fc : aC - Ilia- COURT HOUSE D LOCKUP AT the Assembly, on-Wednesday! in 1 the Estimates for the Court and Watch Ho-jy, Milton—further suiA, tt80; and Court and Watch House, Shellharbour—further sun, £R0, were passed. PUBLIC SCHOOLS Biflt. 'retary gave notice that the House resolve jtself .d the Whole, to consider as to thecftMpriety of bringing in a bill to atnepd the *Puuuc#Schoola Act of 1866. ' j THE NEW ZEALAND CABTE.—The following message was receivedmt 3 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon from thq cable-laying ships :— LatltuaK^37 aegrees 4 Vninutes,' longitude 161 degrees 41 minutes. All going well—tests perfect. 612 miles had been paid out at noon to-day. THE AGENT- GENERALSHIP.—His Exccllcncy the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint William Forster, Esq., to be Agent- General for the colony of New South Wiles, resident iu London. MURRUMBIPGEE ELECTION.—Mr. Joseph Leary has consented to stand again for th>t Muirumbidgee. Tnis was announced by posters, and a meeting was called for Wednesday night. As yet no other candidate is talked of. MURDER AT GULGONG.—A nian, named Simmonds, late publican, gave himself up to the police, on Monday night, on a chargt of shooting Joseph Todd, at Magpie Gully. An inquest was was bold en on Tuesday last. It is reported that Simmonds found Todd in bed with his daughter. Todd had.been previously sentenced to fourteen months imprisnnment for taking the same girl away. Tho jury consulted one hour, and returned a verdict of wilful murder against William Simmonds. MINING INDUSTRY.—The Hon. Minister for Mines, Mr. Lucas, has ordered three of Webb's excavators, for the purpose of testing the deep auriferous leads at Parkes, Gulgong, And Forbes. They will be leased to the local miners at a merely nominal figure, and should they prove of use several others will bo ordered, for testing the Western slopes of the colony. BRIGHAM YOUNG.—This high priest of the foulest sect that ever disgraced humanity has been discharged from custody, the Attorney- General holding what according to the United Statutes the wife who 6ued for alimony is not his wife. PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION.—Tho Government have declined to adopt the recommendation -of the Philadelphia Commissioner, and instead of sending a Mr. Dirks, storekeeper, to assist Mr. Robinson, their secretary, have appointed Mr. Augustus Morris, Executive Commissioner, to represent the colony, and that gentleman proceeds to America by the outgoing Pacific mail. A STRANGE DREAM.—Mr. Thomas Do Clouet, accountant in the City Bank, Carcoar (says the Chronicle), had a most extraordinary dream one night last week. During the day some person jocularly remarked to Mr. Dc Clouet that if ho were a bushranger bo would steal the rings from off his fingers. At night, however, Mr. De Clouet actually dreamt that the ring6 were being removed from his hand, and he must have struggled violently in his sleep, for on awakening in the morning he found the rings on the floor beside his lied, completely broken in halves, and his fingers very much cut. FATAL FIGHT.—On Sunday morning a man named James Murphy, aged 22 years, a shoemaker by trade, was found lying in an insensible state in Bell's paddock, next to the Museum, and was taken to the Infirmary. About 9 o'clock the same evening he died. It appears that the deceased and Lewis Assenheim and others were drinking in Watt's public-house. -They quar- relled and adjourned to Bell's paddock, where Assenheim and Murphy fought several rounds. Assenheim has been taken ir.to cubtody, charged with having caused the death of James Murphy. An inquest was held before the City Coroner, on Monday and Tuesday, when a very large amount of evidence was taken, at the conclusion of which the jury found "that.the said James Murphy, died from the effects of injuries inflicted on him by Lewis Assenheim, and that James Plowright was present aiding and abetting him the said Lewis Assenheim iD inflicting the said injuries upon tho said James Murphy, and the jurors aforesaid further Bay that the said Lewis Assenheim and Jame6 Plowright liim, the said James Murphy, feloniously, wilfully, and unlawfully did kill and slay." Prisoners were committed to take their trial at the next sittings of the Central Criminal Court, but were admitted to bail; themselves in £200 each, and two sureties of £100 each. EXTRAORDINARY WHEAT CROP.—On the 25th ultimo, the Maryborough Standard had an op- purtuiiity of inspecting a very good sample of wheat, grown by Mr. Provost of Majorca. The wheat was of the Egyptain description. Nearly all the heads were triple-cared, and were well filled with full, ripe, dry gain, one which was pluckcd promiscuously containing over 120 seeds Mr. Provost states he had only a small lot eewn, and estimates the crop at 80 bushels to the acre Being hand- thraBhed and good grain, he has sold some seed at 7s .ptr bushel. CHRISTIANITY V. POLITICS.—WC clip the following from a Victorian exchange:—A rising politician of South Australia is the happy father of a precocious young damsel, over whose head ten summers and a corresponding number of winters have lightly paBsed. At a recent semireligious gathering, tho minister of the church where thesaid politician attends, asked the little damsel if her father was a Christian. " No," indignantly retorted the little maiden, "certainly not; my father is a member of Parliament." THE COLONIAL TREASURERSHIP.—At a Cabinet meeting held on Tuesday morning, Mr. A. Stuart, member for EaBt Sydney, was appointed Colonial Treasurer, in the room of the Hon. William Forster. In tho afternoon, Mr. Stuart was sworn in at Government House ; and in tho evening, after the announcement of his acceptance of office by the'Colonial Secretary had been made, his seat in the House was declared vacant. The following arrangements have been made for the new election :—Place of nomination, Hyde Park date of writ, Wednesday, 9th Fcbruarv, 1876 ; polling day. Thursday, 17th Febmary, 1876 ; return of writ, Tuesday 14th March, 1876. UNRIPE FRUIT.—Mothers cannot watch their children too closely during the summer and autumn, to prevent them eating unripe fruit. The process of digestion is very rapid with j children, and they almost incessantly crnve food, especially fruit and sweets. Even ripe fruit must not be indulged in too freely. Many people are of the opinion that if children like a thing it must be good for tliein. This is a great mistake. Give poison to children, and they will eat or drink it just as well as if it were a good ; article of food. Animals are guided by their instinct and their wonderfully develoDed organs of smell in the selection of their food". Human ' being6 do not possess such au inBtinct- or such powerful organs, for smelling. Those who hayo •the euro of clrjdren should teach them how and wlmt' * K _ U.IN8 rr AGAIN.—Our m^riik Age takeB Judge ^l ^ai W fl^wh 1 ., himsfilf*with tjahis «&jief4c;|}ifi, jkafc any rft ti/Se M8t tt)6^irf$pnei;' oqWtBtfflilnBy^fjn" disBifateftPcoJiree isco^redftliaty tfjWfc^JgaJo to adren jn a bai :r's carM( wlto IngtU wonM hav fcr'p poveflj chil- ^ponnd»a"eaf— • - ettingi kp rftfts|oat Idfob /as aid/; Jfiad; Jioi Thjtte^t^* JjoW apo- I anp<yntnp|pt ... , WRiigW »>« to nUitional .d^arChqnc^Mjjp^SniTs n year ("that i[Stead of %> to support wife and wiNdren«4bn an iKd^iate salary- gi^lary Jrjiich*tiits lAyondWiriU^foyvi ntilPj]A]p^uffieeffe7«uch purpose—t&$*£ro§ter pSftlvl'IB*earning and his ill-gotten fc&oty; added, to it tvere spent in drink and gpuAfling* £t is tfgangd"lbgi(; that in a Government oflicial ^ftVferfy dhftuld"be successfully pleaded in extenuation, while in an un povcrished free selector or shepherd that poveity has by tho same Judge not been suffered to be tnken into account in mitigation of punishment. The oft'cnccs perpetrated by JameB Kinsela, trifling as they appear to have been in the eyes of the functionaries of the law, are very .properly held by the public as of an enormous character. Somewhere about two hundred cases of missing money letters from the Queanbeyan post-office have been reported to the police. And it has come to our own knowledge that among these were letters sent by poor servant girls to their aged parents, enclosing small sums for their use, letters from a poor struggling wife to her husband in gaol, enclosing money for the purchase of comforts, and many such like cases. Again, leaving the money out of the question, it is no trilling offence for an official like James Kinsela to pry into the secrets of hundreds of families, and take a mean advantage of the knowledge thus acquired. BAILIFFS IN STATE SCHOOLS. — The State Schools of Geelong were lately visited by bailiffs and desks, forms, and even blackboards were ('says tho Geelong Advertiser) in course of removal by the officers of the law, had not the head-teacher paid the money under protest. The Water Supply Department was the instigator of the levy ; and the articles seized being the property of the State, we have thus one Minister of the Crown tacitly sanctioning a raid upon the property ot another department. It appears that bead teachers of State school are allowed by the department a certain Bum for school necessaries including a supply of water. Since the introduction of water and in consequence a rate, this has been regarded by the head-teachers as beyond their ability to pay out of the allowance made to them. The department, however remained inexorable, and hence the proceedings of yesterday. We understand the children were all assembled in school at the time, and hence they had a practical illustration of the laws of their cunntry in a manner certainly not contemplated by the Act which enforced on them the favour of free, secular, and compulsory education. CHAIILES MATHEWS, the actor, recently made a speech at a farewell benefit in London. •• There is a story," ho said, •' of a man who went every night to see Van Amburgh put his head in the lion's mouth, in order that he might be sure of not missing the moment when it would be bitten off. Who knows but that the same s irt of feeling inay exist with regard to my few wotds, and that the hope that they may be my last may animate the listener? If so, I shall try and baulk his morbid desire, and do my best to outlast him." SHOOTING A GJIOST.—" Have you seen the ghost ?"' According to the Geelong Advertiser, this is the all- absorbing question at present amongst the inhabitants of Chilwell, many of whom aver that at a certain time during the evenings a spectre can be seen gliding along by a fence at the intersection of Latrobc-tcrrace and Sharp-6treet. On Saturday night one " brave " individual, armed with a gun, visited the neighbourhood, and aRon the tiptoe of expectation he waited for the ghost, he says it did appear ; he fired at it, and was positive be had struck the spectre, but on going to the spot where he expected to find it, it had vanished. When twitted on his non-6uccess, his stereotyped reply is, " Well, there was ' something' white there!" REPAIRING SHINGLE ROOFS. — A slightly decayed shingle roof may be temporarily preserved from further decay by a good coat of lime-wash. A second coat of still thicker limewash, in which fine sand is kept stirred, will act as a further preservative, but the latter application should be renewed every summer. Painting does not help to preserve a rouf, unless done on both sides, the moisture which penetrates beneath tliem is kept there, and prevented from escaping by the coat of paint on the outside, and the shingles rot very rapidly. Lime is a good preservative for shingles, but crude petroleum is the best. The shingles, first thoroughly dried, may be dipped iuio it, or it may be put on after it is laid. PROFESSOR ANDERSON used to perform some astounding tricks. We have, for instance, seen him pour several kinds of wine—apparently— out of the same bottle. But we know of far more wonderful bottleB than the Professor's. There is the most positive testimony to prove!- that disorders of the stomach, kidneys and respiratory organs, feverb of an intermittent and remittent type, and all diseases requiring invigorative treatment, are cured by the ageeeable contents of the bottles which hold Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps.—ADV. OXYGEN IS LIFE.—Dr. Briglit's Phosphdoyne. —Multitudes of people are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity. Indigestion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memoiy, Lassitude, Want of Power, &c.;, whose cases admit of a permanent cure by the new remedy Phosphodyne (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritation and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitution and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies.— Sold by all Chemists and Druggists throughout the Globe, IGR CAUTION.—The large and increasing demand for Dr. Blight's Phosphodyne' has led to several imitations under somewhat 6imilar names; purchasers of this medicine should therefore be careful to observe that each case bears the Government Stamp, "with the words, Dr. Brigbt's Phosphodyne engraved thereon,. aud that the same words are also blown in the bottle.—ADV. HOLLOWAY S OINTMENT AND PILLS.—Systematic Treatment.—Few statements are more wide of troth than the assertion that for the cure of disease the ailing part alone demands attention, whereas both local and general mischief requires redress. -These medicaments boldly face the evils they profess to remedy; local relief and general purification progress togetbei; the diseased portion is cured, the foul whole is cleansed Holloway's Ointment rubbed on the throat , and chest exercises the most beneficial influence over sore throats, diptheria, and cough, whether resulting fmm catarrh, asthma or bronchitis. This unguent acts miraculously in arresting the extension of sores, healing ulcerations, curing skin diseases, and completely stopping all destructive inflammation.—ADV., FAT STOCK.—Mr. W. Fullagar reports having sold for Mi. B. Richards—80 bullocks, average £8 lis caoh j 5 cows, avorage £7 each ; 8 cull bullocks, average £6 12s 3d each. PREJUDICE.—Even the Bad dee t circumstances aio not without their jocular features. So saya the humourouB correspondent of the New Zealand Mail when he relates tho following story : —A gentleman in this town, buiniug with anxiety to Bee Smat, the author of the Hutt sensation, elbowed his way into the Police Court, and asked a friend to show him the criminal. Now it BO happens, that the reporter's box in the Wellington Police Court occupies the exact position which popular taste would accord to the dock, and in that box at the time were two yonng gentlemen who do not think any tin ordinaire of their personal appearances. Tho gentleman who was asked to point out Smat pointed to where the two reporters sat, and said, "There's the wretch, with the warder alongside of him." Tho man anxious to see Smat took a long look at the reporters, and at laBt turned away and left, saying, " AVell, the mere sight of him makeB me &ick; in the stomach. Does he not look like a brutal wretch?" This anecdote has a merit I inay say not usually attributable to anything told. It is true. REFUSING BURIAL RITES.—A poor woman named Kelly died suddenly at Sandhurst on Friday January 21, and it was arranged that her funeral should take place next day at the Kangaroo Flat Cemetery. She belonged to the Roman Catholic persuasion, and the priest was invited to perform the funeral rites. The coffin was duly borne to the grave, but there was no appearance of the priest. Several members of the deceased's family exhibited considerable excitement of feeling under the circumstances. Some delay took place, but still no priest appeared ; and it was broadly stated (writes the Bendigo Advertiser), that tho reason why he would not perform the rites was that deceased's children were sent to tho State School, she being too poor to pa; to send them to the Roman Catholic school. At any rate the Roman Catholic schoolmaster at Kt<ngnroo Flat was accused o£ instigating the priest to keep away for the reason above stated. The corpse was dropped ir.to the grave and covered up without any ceremony. PEDESTRIANISM EXTRAORDINARY.—Rather a novel race came off on Tuesday afternoon in the Domain. The contest was between Mr. William Camb, of King-street, who weighs 14 6tone 2 lbs., and Mr. Brown, who is 17stone4 lbs. The course was over 200 yards, which was measured off on thc;cricket ground in a diagonal. Mr. Brown gave Mr. Camb a Btart of 20 yardB. When the word was .given both the " little una " went away together, but before half the distance had been traversed, Mr. Brown caught Mr. Camb, and the latter caved in, leaving Mr. Brown to come home an easy winner by about 20 yards. The race, which was rather a novel one, was for £10 a 6ide. There was a large number of spectators, who appeared to take great interest in the event.—Echo. PROPOSED ANNUITY TO DR. LANG. — The Legislative Assembly was counted out on Tuesday, on a proposal to go into committee to consider the propriety of conferring an annuity upon the Rev. Dr. Lang " in recognition of his great public services." 'Hiere was a very thin House during the whole of the discussion, and five or six times attention was called to the state of the House. At scarcely any time during the debate was there more than a bare quorum (twenty) of members present, and the supporters of the proposal in vain endeavoured to obtain an adjournment of the debate. Although a majority of those present appeared to be opposed to the motion,—none of the speakers denied the value of Dr. Lang's services. Mr. Parkes said he believed those services were full of rich benefits to the colony. This motion can, of course, be easily restored to the paper. THE UBE OF DYNAMITE IN CLEARING LAND.— The value of this explosive in agricultural operations has been favourably shown in n recent clearing of a tract of land in Irclund, The land was so covered with boulders as to bo useless on account of the cost of removing them, until dynamite was tried. Charges of two ounces in a 6ix-inch hole shattered immense sunken boulders, BO that they could be removed with case, and the pieces used in building walls with, out dressing. Loose boulders were broken up by placing charges of dynamite upon them and covering these with other bouldors. The explosion broke both the boulders into fragments fit for build stone. 