MADCAP VIOLET. BY WILLIAM BLAOK. Atjthob of A Fbinohss op Thule, Theeh Feathebs, &<x, &c.; Published by special arrangement with, t author All rights reserved.] Chapter XXI—"Rain, Wind, and Speed." Fierce and glad was tlie -weather in which the Sea-Pyot spread out her great ■white -wings, and prepared for northward flight. From over the tumbling Atlantic came varying gusts and squalls •, the main hoom swung this way and that, and the loud flapping of the sails drowned the clanking of the windlass; rushing by went the huge green waves to the shore; and the hurrying clouds as they came sweep ing over from the sea—causing the islands to disappear and reappear, and disappear again—sent sudden snowers across the vessel's decks, and made the voyagers tighten up still further the necks of their waterproofs. Above and below the same confusion and bustle prevailed; nobody knew whether the fresh butter had, been called for and brought aboard; excited questions were asked about the joint hung at the stern; and the voice of one tall per son was heard declaring in most solemn language that he would blow up the powder magazine, destroy the bulkheads, and lash the tafErail to the togallantmast if somebody did not help him to stow away the bottled beer. Then there was a sudden cessation of noise overhead. Gra dually the saloon tilted over, and there was a muffled sound as of rushing water out side. When the person who had been stowing away the beer put his head, which was adorned by a huge sou'-wester, up the companion-way, and looked around, be hold ! the Sea- Pyot was running gallantly out to sea, the tack of her mainsail still hauled up, and Captain Jimmy, with the rainrunning downhisruddyface,wag observ ing to a young lady who stood beside him that he could not as yet relinquish to her the tiller. " This is a nice sort of day to start in," observed a young man, who was gloomily trying to keep the rain from getting inside the neck of his waterproof. " What better could you wish for ?" she answered, with a bright laugh. " How fast is she going, Captain Jimmy ?" The skipper glanced at the water running by. "About echt knots, I think; but we'll get a bit more wind by-and-by, when we get round Lismore. "Couldn't you let us have the topsail up ?" she asked, throwing a critical glance upward. A shrewd, cautious smile appeared on Captain Jimmy's face. " She'll go ferry -well without the topsail in a little ■while; and it iss better not to he to-3 eager. You will get plenty of sailing when we will he going up the Sound." And indeed there was a good deal of sailing when once they got round the light house of Lismore, and were beating up the Sound of Mull. A heavy sea was rolling down the Sound; the wind freshened further until it dipped the bulwarks of the Sea-Pyot in the rushing waves; and the vayagers, sitting on deck-stools up to windward, had to hold on by such objects as were handy to prevent their suddenly rolling down the slippery decks. "Where were the mighty mountains of Mull and of Morven that they had gazed at from afar on many a still summer morning? The voyagers were close ta them—running up the channel that divides them, in fact—but all that could be seen were but dim and vague shadows behind the cold grey cur tains of the mist. "Water and sky seemed one; the. gusts of wind were also gusts of rain; the sea swallows that flashed about, dipping, darting, and uttering shrill cries, seemed' but as ghosts in the aqueous vapor. And yet the voyagers appeared so little disconcerted by the weather they were encountering that their mirth grew wilder as the wind blew more fiercely, and the seas that came thundering on the bows of the yacht, and sending showers of spray right over the crouching figures, were only met with derisiva shouts of laughter. Only one of these figures remained silent sad sullen, Mr. Gearge Miller did not seem to enter much into the sport. Itwasthe private notion of at least one of his companions tha^the plunging of the Sea Pyot among the waves was rendering the young man unoamfortable; but such was not the fact. Neither the motion of the vessel, nor the fierce rain, nor the numbing posi tion in which he was compelled to sit, was responsible for the gloomy preoccupation ai Violet's suitor. He had, indeed, other things to think about. Yet surely, on board a yacht, in such weather, there could be little to .increase his suspicions. It is true that both Mr. Drummond and Violfet were obviously enjoying themselves; that generally Mr. Drummond addressed to her his profound impressions of life on board the Sea Pvot; and that, indeed, both of them seemed bent on amusing themselves just as if they were a couple of children. And then, when Violet went below, to see -that the lad Duncan was properly laying the cloth for luncheon and to assist him in ferreting out the secrets of the lockers, no one volunteered to help her but Mr. Drummond, simply be cause he had stowed most of the things away, and that in a fashion which no one else could understand. That luncheon was rather a desperate business^—as Miss Violet had predicted on her round of inspection. They were beat ing up the Sound, with a short starboard tack and a long larboard tack; and as the latter offered more continued quiet, while the ve&sel; did not heel over quite so much, it was resolved that she should drop below as soon as the Sea Pyot had her larboard tack aboard. Mr. Miller would remain on deck. He was not hungry. And very soon he heard, through the skylight of the saloon, amazing shouts of despair and shrieks of laughter, with now ana again an ominous jingle of falling plates and spoons. In fact, the scene below was at first nothing but a wild scramble; for no sooner had the plates been got out from the locker and spread on the table than they immediately began to slide down to leeward, a stately procession which was joined by the ham, by a cold pie, and two decanters. Of course, there was a wild clutching at this object and that, all being secured except the cruet-stand, which had outstripped its companions in the race, and flung itself headlong, mustard, vinegar, anil $11/ into Mr, Drummond lap, who waa noli prepared for the charge> foi* lie -was cling ing on to the bread-plate. When he had retired to change his clothes, and come back again to resume his place, order had been restored by a skilful arrangement of objects, and luncheon was allowed to pro ceed. Alas! the time lost could not be re covered ; and just as they were beginning to consider that life on board a yacht had its compensations, there was an ominous call above, "Ready about!" The yacht seemed to right herself; the table became straight. " They are putting her about," observed Violet, who had picked up some slight knowledge of sailing in her travels. But she failed to recollect that the ingenious arrangement of objects on the table had been successful with one side of the table up; now that side went down, and there was another wild stampede on the part of knives, bottles, dishes, and loaves. Nay, that was not the worst. In the midst of these things—with Mrs. Warrener uttering sharp cries of warning —an awful sound was heard in one of the adjoining state-rooms. Mr. Drummond looked grave. " You'd better go and see what it is, James," bis sister said, keeping firm hold of the pie until it should be buttressed up. He went and came back with a serious face. "My gun-case," he observed, calmly, "has fallen on the ewer; the ewer has been pitched against my bed; the bed is swimming -with water; and the ewer is broken." " Oh, James," his sister said, " didn't I tell you to put that great heavy thing on the floor, or in the bed itself, and not on a shelf?" "Do you think," said he, "there would be much chance of getting the blankets dried oil deck?" The question was not so foolish as it looked, for when they went above again they found that the rain had entirely ceased, the rain-clouds were withdrawing up the hills, and the great lonely mountains of Mull and Morven were being slowly revealed. What a desolate coast it looked in this sombre grey light! The dark and leaden sea broke in white along the gloomy rocks; gaunt grey precipices here and there led up to a silent wilderness of heather; and across the bare slopes of the hills the white mists moved like great troops of ghosts—armies that met and parted, that met and mingled together in a silent strife —obeying the mysterious behests of tlie spirits of the winds. And by-and-by a curious and suffused light began to declare itself behind these moving veils of mist; higher slopes of the mountains, hitherto unseen, became visible in a ghostly fashion; the glow of light increased; and then, as the clouds parted and passed on, the bright warm sunshine sprang down in their wake, and the mighty hills shone in resplendent greens and yellows. The decks of the Sea Pyot soon dried up, waterproofs were thrown aside, and now the rolling waves had dashes of bluer in them, where they caught the color of the opening sky. "That is the way with this coast." ob served Mr. Drummond, who had lit his pipe, and contentedly stretched out his legs on the white deck, "the weather changes every thirty minutes, and the scenery every thirty seconds. Mfllerrwhy don't you go below and get something to eat ? "Thank you. By-and-bye," was the answer. " Shall I go down and get some things out for you ?" Violet suggested. This was a kind offer, for the young lady had been entrusted with the tiller—under the superintendence of Captain Jimmy, who stood hard by—and she was ftmnajrig herself with various small experiments as to how near the wind the Sea-Pyot could sail. " Oh, no; dealt you trouble," he answered. "Here, Captaiii Jimmy, the rope," she said. My arms cao!t hold out any longer. Come along, Mr. Miller. Duncan and I will get you something." He could not very well refuse so friendly a proposal; and saat last he got up,threw off his waterproof, and followed her down the twisting companion- stairs. A small bell summoned Duncan into the saloon. And now Mr. Miller found himself the object of those y.ery attentions which, since his arrival in the highlands, he had observed Violet pay to Mr. Drummond. She played the part of handmaiden to perfection, and he could not do otherwise than appear grateful to har. And yet he was dimly conscious that her manner towards him was not that she displayed towards Mr. Drum mond. She was solicitous about his comfort, it is true; but it was with a friendly hal£<patronising solicitude such as an old campaigner, if bent on kindness, might show to an inexperienced young person encountered by chance. It was in a very different way that she treated Mr. Drummood. With him she was all meek ness and submission; she was content to remain a silent listener so long as ho pleased to speak; such little services as she could render him were all done in an under hand, unobtrusive manner, as if she would rather not have them noticed. "Don't you wait down here, Violet," said he. "I am sure you would rather be up on deck." "Oh, no," die said^ carelessly; "I have constituted myself chief cook and steward on board, for I don't think Duncan Is up to much, and I must see everybody properly fed. As soon as you have finished, I want the table. I mean to surprise Mr.Drum mond with an apricot-jam pudding at dinner; you will see his look of wonder when that appears." "Ishould nave thought so profound a philosopher would not have cared for such trifles, remarked Mr. Miller. "It is because he is a philosopher," said Violet, warmly, "that he cares for both little things and gjreat things." " Including apricot jam." "I don't see any harm in any one liking apricot-jam. I like it myself—I am most particularly fond of it." " Well, of course; you show yourself a most docile pupil all day long." She took no notice of the sneer against herself, for she was bent on clearing her master and teacher from the charge that had been preferred against him. " If there ia anybody in the world that puts little store by eating and drinking and such things, it is Mr. Drummond. fie is not one to fhe men who liye only to get good dinners ancL a lot of money. He is the most unworldly and unselfish, man I toYe ww seen 91 taaril ef," There Was & little eitrJ coloV in her face. The young man who was busy with tlm cold pie did not answer—perfjaws ho was afraid of saying all kef thought just at that moment. • Violet rang the hell. Duncan, as soon as Mr. Miller haa finished, will you clear the table, pleaae ? And get me the flour and things* and an empty bottle if you haven't a roller. Wheu will the men have their dinner ?" Duncan paused fog a minute; hid English was not fluent. " I thinli, mem, when we will get iirtt> Loch Sunart." " Then I will mate a pndding for them, too; and you can have that first, for wt> shan't want dinner till seven." " Very well, mem." " Would you kindly ring the boll when you have finished?" sho asked, somewhat coldly, of Mr. Miller; and then she turned and left the saloon, and wont on deck. By this time they had got well past Loch Salen, and right ahead of them lay tho open Atlantic, with Tobermoy lighthouso on their left, and on their right the gauut rrecipiees of Ardnamurchan Point rnnnin^ out to the ocean. The sun was wearing pound to the west; and a warmer light lay over the vast panorama of mountains, shores, and sea. The wind had gone down a bit, too; and Captain Jimmy was looking forward to the time when, having got up to the mouth of Loch Sunart, he should bo able to alter the course of the Sea-Pyot, and let her run in before the wind to her anchorage for the night. Mrs. Warrener linked her hand within Violet's, and led her forward a bit, appa« rently the better to command a view or th® open sea. " Violet, what have you been doing to Mi-. Miller?" "Nothing," the girl answered. "There is something the matter witU him; you see that." "Yes, I do," she repliod, and then sh® said, with proud indifference, " I have don® nothing to offend him that I know of. If he chooses to make himself unpleasant^ how can I help it? Look at him now— reading a book, and taking no notico of all this wonderful place. We may look forward to a delightful trip if he keeps on in that way." "Violet," said Mrs. Warrener gently* "you ought not to speak of him liko that j you ought to make excuses for him." " Why should I, any more than any 0119 else ? ' X wish to be as friendly with him • as with any one; but when I seo him making this return for your brother's kind* nese in asking him to go with us—" "Oh, James doesn't mind. Probably ha doesn't see it." li I wish I could believe he was seasick," said Violet, rather cruelly. " But it isn't that, for he has been smoking cigars all day. People say that on board a ship is a dreadful place for making people quarrel; but we haven't been on board here long enough, surely. There is one thing, how ever, certain enough. A ship is a bad place to bottle up inflammable materials in. If he imagines himself wronged or hurt in any way, there will bo an explosion—and that before long." She was right in that conjecture, as events were soon to prove; but in the meantime could anything be more peaceful and peace - suggesting than the scenes through which the Sea-Pvot was now gently bearing them? They had turned asida from the broad^ waters of the Sound, and were now running before a light breeae into a long and winding loch that lay be* tween hills and mountains of singular beauty of form and color. The solemn evening light. touching the higher peaks seemed to add to the silence and loneliness of the shadows below, where the grey heron stood motionless under the black rocks, and here and there the dark head of a seal appeared in tho smooth waters of the succeeding bays. It was without a sound that the Sea-Pvot glided past the successive headlands; but her arrival was announced from time to time by the far call of the curlew, startling the silence of the place, and awaking answering cries from other sea-birtU aloug the coast. At length they sailed in to a solitary little bay, where the water was almost without a ripple, and here the im pressive stillness that reigned around waa suddenly broken bjj the loud, harsh rattla of the chain cable as the anchor plunged. The curlews whutled their warning-note as they fled along the shore; tho sea- pyota screamed shrilly as they flew away across th$ loch, skimraing the wa ter 111 their flight; a single heron, uttering a low, harsh cronk, heavily lifted his long wings, and disappeared ia the gathering twilight. Then all was peace again; and the dark ness came gently over the mountains, and ever tho still bosom of the lake, until ono could scarcely make out the shore. If the prosaic devils of yachting had been prominent durl -■ : ■ 1 ' were no longer so in the nn- >• night as the stars can" - i., • . , and the ripple against " -n ' ' • 1 broke in a million sparks 01 jiUv.-i fire. Then the moon arose; ana the &W-;, and the hills began^ to appear again in the growing light; until another world stood revealed, cold, and silent, and still. Tha red glow of the cabin skylight was tho only point of intense color in all this pale picture; even as in the yacht itself, where peace and silence seemed to prevail, there was but one fierce and hidden fire—In u man's heart. (To be continued.) 