LITERATURE. Literary Notices. A CELEBRATED reformer said that the Govern- ments of the world were carried on by force and fraud, and he might have added that the force and fraud are intermixed with a considerable quantity of downright rascality. Here is a case fully made out against the Indian Government by F. B. Finling, B.A., in a work entitled "The Poppy Plague and England's crime." We suppose governments, like corporations, have neither souls to be saved, nor bodies to be kicked, and so Mr. Finling evidently thinks, for he deals out his blows right and left, and hits out straight from the shoulder, at both the Indian and Imperial Govern- ments. The ludian Government is at a loss for ways and means; the opium trade yields it a revenue of about wight millions s telling per annum How it it to give tha' sum up. Mr. Finling answers the question in this way : As 1 ng ua th« responsibilities of tba opium system are regarded as resting only on India the alternative might seem, on the surface, tu he <>etween contiuaed writagiiuiug and bankruptcy ; out such a view leaves out of si^nt tue mist- resp m »tola party. History has s no HM US incontro- vertibly tuat the ifovtrn nant and peop.'e of Great Brifiiiu have been implicated in (heirregularities of tbe opium tráde from the beginning, and that the eoiiDivaueo of ibo mother country has passed t..rongb tba successivo stages of permis- sion, approval, and adoption, until ia tho last and present Btat«: of il ings it is ««he who alone is responsible and capable of taking any steps towards amendment. If the British Government were > o w>to the abolition of the opium s.vsiera, and leave India unaided to bear a heavy financial loss, they would be jus-ly regarded as following the example of tbe criminal who. to nave himself from penalties, turns Queen's evidence against his less guilty companions. Whatever tba lhiancial difficulty is, Great Britain is bound in honour to relieve India of it iu great part. Even in matters of less obvious liability, our country needs to be reminded vhat the world would expect from her. That is to say, the British Government ought to abolish the opium trade, and pay India a yearly sum, about 8 millions sterling, as compensation, until such time as by some judicious system of excise, the Indian revenue can be raised to the required amount. This means that the common people of Great Britain should be taxed every year to the extent of 8 millions more than they now pay ; for if the British Government should pay eight millions to India, tliat money will have to come out of the pockets of the people of England, who are already taxed so heavily, that the pressure of an additional tax would be sorely felt. We have no faith whatever, in «ither the piety or the hu- manity of the Indian and Imperial Governments, ( and therefore we think that neither of them will forego a sum of seven or eight millions a year for any tmch considerations as Mr. Finling urges on their notice in his book. The conclusion he draws from a great variety of statistical and other facts, is that the habitual une of opium is increasing in Eugland, and is destructive of health. He quotes the late Sir Benjamin Brodie, who said : '.However valuable opium may be as an article of niello! tie, it is impossible for any one who is acquainted with the subject to doubt that, the Habitual uso nf i-. is productive of tho ">08t pernicious consequences, destroying the healthy actlou of tho digestive organs, weakening the powers of the mind us well as of the body, and rendering the individual who Indulges lu it a worse than useless member of saoiety. I cannot but regard those who promote the use of opium as ac article of luxury, as Inflicting a most serious injury on thc human race." Uutthen the injury done to tho human race by tho trade yields a sum of eight millions sterling per annum, and all such pron table vices must be patronised, encouraged, and maintained. It is said that every man has his price, a postulate which we may be permitted to doubt, but with much more seeming truth might it be said that every Government has its price, and that the price for which the Indian and Imperial Governments will connive at and support a system which destroys the health and life" of hundreds of thousands of parsons annually, is just eight millions sterling a year. Dr. Henry Bink's work, entitled, " Tales and Traditions of the Edkiino," published last year by Blackwood and Co., of Edinburgh, is a very inter- esting book, and treats of the subsistence and mode of life, the language, social order, customs and laws, the religion and probable origin and history of the Eskimo; and also the influence which contact with Europeans has had upon their character. The first seventy or eighty pages of the book are devoted to the description of these topics, and the rest of the volume consists of tales and traditions of the wildest and most improbable ch-rac- ier. Both the "unities" and the probabilities also are outraged in every one of these mythical legends. Here is a sample in which the ordinary instincts of human nature are curiously interblended with the myths and fables. An old bachelor used to amuse himself by playing with skulls of seals, aud feigning t hem to to his children. When he went out kayaking »io put them down on tbe beach, and having placed himself in Iiis kavak, he would say to them " Now mind yo lie good children, aud go straight up to the house 1" and on still Unding them in the same place on his return, he would cry out, " Ye seem to be all deaf and dumb; dirt not I tell y<« to keep off from trie water teforo I set off?" Then taking hold of one of the heads, he threw it into the sea, "Look, there's your little brother fallen into the water 1" Another timo, feeling himself vorv sad and lonely, he wont running far away into the country, and happened to fall in with a great many women bathing in a luke. At this sight an idea seized him, and noiselessly he stole away to the place wheve they had put their clothes, securing those belonging to rho one he thought the prettiest, and then stepped boldly forward. When tho women saw him they hastened back to their clothes, and having pnt them on, they immediately changed into birds and flew away. Only she who had been robbed of her clothes remained behind; and the bachelor went straight up to her, asking her, *. Would she like to be bis wife?" and in return she said, "Ye«, thou mayst take me if thou likest, only giro me my clothes." B..e then got, them, but he kept bold of her, lot she, too, should fly. When übe had dressed herself betook her home and married her. Tho next morling bo did not venture to go out in hi* kayak, for f«ar she might take Hight ; and thus it happened that he gave up kayaking altogether, until one day she d« clared, " Now thou mayst leave it>e without fear, for I do really love thee, and thou mayst depend unon me ;" and then he again begun to go out seal-hunting. At length she b*>ga» a son, and when he grew up another son was born : but after- wards t hey got no more children. When the children grew ott the mother sometime* took them out walking, and on the way a\vi would admonish them to gather bird wings and feathers, saying, "Children, yo are akin to birds." Ou u certain day she fastened a pair of these wings upon one ol tho boys, who was at once changed into a sea fowl, nail Hew away. She did tho same thing to his brother j aud last of all she herself put on wiugs and followed them in the shape of u sea- fowl. VVhcn the old husband came homo he found nei- ther wife uor children, at which ho grow very sad. However, he did not cease to go out lu bis kayak, although he no more chassd seals. One day ho putin close toa sand-hill, and, leaving his kayak ou the beach, lie crossed the bill and went a food way into the country. Looking round he saw a man with his back turned towards him, working away at a pie« of timber with his axe. On approaching him he observed that the lowrep parta of his body visibly trembled- The mar now asked him, "Prom what side art thou drawing nigh?' audtneold man answered, ' I am coming against thee ;" to which the other remurked, " Ir thou hadst come from be- hind I should have killed t'iee on the spot." The old man now addressed him, saying, ' Thou shalt have my new kayak if thou wilt inform me whether thou hast seen three per- sons?" but the other one answered, " I den't ear« for thy new kayak, and I have not seen tbs three persons thon speakest of." The old man again said to him, ' I seo thou I art working in wood, and I will give the« my new axe ; only i let me know whether thou hast net seen three persons?" " Well, my axe is rather worn. Go and sit down on the tail of a salmon in yonder river ; but when thou hearest the voices of children mind thou don't open tbiue eyes 1" The old mun obeyed, and sat down on the tail of a salmon, shut- ting bis eyes the white. On hearing a rushing sound he oponed his eyes a little, and noticing that he was carried ulong by a rapid current, ho shut them again, and all was silent. Ho again heard the noise of children crying, ' Alas, our father is nigh I" and the mother answering them, " Lo, wo left yonr father without any means .of conveying him hither" The children, however, repeated ' Our father is coming." The father now got on shore, und went to a house with fine windows to it ; he observed that the inmates were all women. Close to the back wall his wife was sitting, and opposite her a man with a pug-nose constantly repeating, " Wilt thou not murry meP" But the woman answerea, " No, I have already got another husband " All the rest now left the house, ana only those two remained. At \\*st, wh-n the fellow wi h the pug-nose had left also, the old man made an atte npT to ta e nis .wite back -, but she quickly fol- lowed the other out, and white tu* pursued her she was trat/s torm«d into a gull, as were also the rest of rhe women The pug-nosed mun was changed into a wild-duck ; und when tin: discarded husband turned rouud, he saw that the bouse had been transf rmed into a gulls-hill. A inor* senseless sample of folk-lore never was invented by the savage intellect. Some of the tale*, however, are evidently mythical accounts of .the personal adventures of enterprising Edkiwo. Of this kind is the story entitled UTBREETHOK'S JOURNEY TO THE FAR NORTH. A man, named Utereei sok, once started from Ilulissat, and travelled northwards, visiting all the inhabited places he passed. He went beyond Umanak and even Upernivik, and at last came to people who had no wood for tent-poles, and merely placed the stiff dried seal-skins upon end, so as to form a tent, in which they slept on the bare ground. The first morning after their arrival, Utereetsnk was standing quite unconsciously his arms drawn out of bis sleeves, when, ail of a sudden, he felt some one giving him a heavy push from behind ; but without hesitation he turned ronnd and dealt tho oft'endor such a blow that he rolled along the ground, and then went off without saying a word. Wh«n this had been twice repeated the inhabitants learned to fear him, and he was left, in peace. In this place they noticed that the infants had all holes in tho hoods of their jackets. Having got more familiar with the parents they asked them about these holes, and pointing to the moon, they answered, ' It is be- cause he on high has been gazing at them ; whomsoever he deigns to look down on ls always sure to get holes in his gar mente " When Utereetsok got weary of his stay there, he travelled still farther north, following tne margin of tue solid ice. All along the coast there were abundance of white whales. Un- able to get on shore they pitched their tents upon the ice, sometimes spreading the skin of a white whale, without re- moving the blubber, as a ilooring on the sr round to sleep upon, and always leaving it behind on sfartmg. At length they approached a very sleep and craggy coast; and near the only place where landing was practicable they found a little bouse, but no people. On entering it Utereetsok at once per- ceived that the ceiling-beams were made out of narwals' horn, and uotabltof wood was seen anywhere They likewise found a head of strange appearance, consisting of tallow only, and instruments whose points werecarefully wrapped upintallow and skin. Seeing no people whatever, they began to feel uneasy, and soon left nguiu. They managed the same way on their homeward journey, und settled for tho winter ata place wher- the people wore excellent ball-players. In the middle 1 of winter they made au immense ball, by stuffing out an entire seal-skin with sand and various other heavy things, > and tinnily making their old crones sit down upon it an t en 1 chant it by magic spells On coming to the play they wore t their usual dress, excepting on the feet, which they had only 1 clothed in stockings with m w soles. Tho ball was brought a out on the ice upon a sledge, and the counter party was sta- tioned nearer the shore. Tiiey continued playing and push , lng one another until tho winners succeeded in striking the , / bull anhöre and rhiht through the window of their house, Then it was seized un by au old hag, who seated herself upon i it. Afterwards'ho victorious party gavoa succession of en- tertainments; and the generul amusement co tinned during j al1 the season of t he increasing daylight. In spring Utereet- sok returned to Ilulissat. There he met with a man called Kepigsuak, from Kungamiut (South Greenland), und it was he to whom be told his udvenrures in the north. During Kepigsuuk's stay two sledgers aiso arrived from the north, who stated that they had left their far- away home at the time of full moon, und who bad arrivud here just at the next full moon. These visitors were total strangers to ths inhabitants, and were from bead to feet clothed in suits made of reindeer skin; they reported that in their homes the reindeers might be seen lying close to the houses and on the tops of the roofs, like dogs In other places. Their object in this long journey, they said, was to barter with the Europeans for firearms, with which viow they had brought fox and reindeer skins The merchant wan'ed also to buy their dogs, and made a hand- some bid for them, offering a tin box of powder, and a whole barrel of lead for bu lets, lu exchange for them. The strangers, however, answored that they could not spare them". In the spring Kepigsuak returned to Kangamiut, while Utereetsok started for another trip to the far north to revisit tho house with beams of narwal-horn. This timo he intended to land at a little distance and approach lt cautiously from the hind side, lu order to lind out whether it was occupied ; and if S3, ho wanted to see what the people were like. When Kepigsuak had been staying for some time at Kan- gamiut, he pl»nned a journey southwards, aud wont to Ka kortok. During his stay there a man named Sakak captured a k'epokak \ ttn-whale, Balccnoptera boops ) Sakak had four wives, of which the last, Igpak, was very haughty, and greedy besides When the news of the k'epokak was spread many visitors came, but Igpak had nothing to spare for the guests, Sakak himself invited an old man to his house, but when be was fairly seated Igpak rudely exclaimed ..Why, really, we have no lack of old men looking in upon us this time." The old man retorted, For ray part I only came bo cause I was asked." On this reply she gave him a piece of matak, and likewise a knife for cutting it ; the latter, how- ever, he rejected, saying he only wanted to take it home with him. Igpak, who was always eating as if she could never bx satisfied, after a while went on in this style: "What ails me P what is becoming of me ? I left my work undone be- cause of the victuals, that always seem to be drawing me on." However, she did not give over, but ate all the more, till ber tongue at length was so sore that it turned quite awry, and crying out, " Sakak, my tongue 1 I am growing matak myself," she suddenly died. People say that while she lived a noxious whale- monster used to appear above the water whenever she left the house; but after her death it was seen no more. The principal wife being gone, the others were at liberty now to share out an they liked. In the fol- lowing spring Kepigsuak returned to Kangamiut. He was afterwards baptised and called Egede. He is buried at Kan- gamiut. Our readers will perceive that if there is not the aristocracy of money, or that of heraldic distinc- tions, there is at least the aristocracy of seal skins amongst the Eskimo. The people who had no wooden poles for their tents must have been poor wretches indeed, regular sans culattes, or, as we might say, folks out at elbows, with not a grain of goodness nor a particle of virtue in them. The story, however, probably is founded on the per- sonal adventures of some wandering Greenlander. The preceding tales will serve as samples of these traditions. The rest of the stories in the book are as like to those we have given as eggs are like to eggs. The Eskimo have very little inventive genius, and hence all their mythical creations have a strong family likeness. As a matter of course, ghosts, witchcraft, seals, whale, bows and arrowB, hears, kayaks or boats, along with snow and ice, figure in th"ir stories. The tales in Dr. Rink's book show these people in their true colours to the reader, and will therefore be perused with interest by those who devote them- selves to ethnological inquiries. Indeed, the book has been written more for readers oí} this style of thought . than for the public, The story of Kasiagsak, the great liar,p. 291, illus- trates the poverty of Eskimo genius. By the way, would it not be to the advantage of some of the sensational newspapers to engage Kasiagsak as special correspondent for the far north. The work has been translated from the Danish, and has been carefully edited by Dr. Robert Brown, author of the book entitled the " Races of Mankind." 