CRUISE XIX a. HIP OUT OP XHI FAST. AstHUK's letter to his partners waa ? brief emanation °f hit delsv, «d doted wuh the *Sesieb«ie recoroa tor any deed or transfer of tiic {rat nons Se» jDemjBi.* He had scarcely concluded before Diego entered ready for tbe journey. When be bad gone Arthur waited with seme impatience the reappearance of Donna Dolorrs. To ma di» sspointment, however, only the solemn major domo strode primly into the room like a dsrk eomptexioiied ghost, and, as it seemed to Arthur, with a strong suggestion of the Commander in Don Giovanni in bis manner, silently beckoned him to follow to tbe apartment set aside for his reception. In ^T^p: with the sun-evading in stinct* of Spauish California!! architecture tbe the room was long, low, and half lighted ; tbe two barred windows on 01 ber side of the door way gave upon the corridor and «oort-yard below ; tbe opposite wall held only a email, narrow, deeply embrasured loop-hole, through which Arthur eonld see the vast, glittering eun iuamined plain bevond. He hard, monotonous, unwinking glare without did not penetrate tbe monastic gloom of this chamber ; even the in sane, incessant restlessness of tbe wind that per petually beset the bleak walls wasonhesrd and on felt in the grave, contemplative solitude of this religions cell. Mingled with this grateful asceticism was the quaint contrast of a peculiar Spanish huurions* mahaeujtoaslzaddispUvedayeUowsatinceTVer let profusely embroidered with pink and purple silk flowers. The borders of the ebeeta and cues of tbe satin pulows were deeply edged with the finest lace. Beside the bed and before e Urge arm-chair heavy Tugs of barbaric colours eovered the dark wooden floor, and in front of tbe deep oven-like hearth lay an immense bear skin. Above the hearth lay an ebony and gold crucifix, and, Tnipg1*^ with s few modern en gravings were snow landsnipM. The Hoepiee of St. Bernard in winter, a pass in the Austrain Tyrol, tbe Steppes ol Russia, s Norwegian plain, all to Arthur's fancy brought the temperature of tbe room down considerably. A small qr*ter colour of an Alpine flower touched him so dosely that it might have blossomed from his recollection. Dinner, which was prefeeted by ? message from Donna Dolores excusing *^™»^f Ilirough indispoaition, was aarved in aolemn cileace. A cousin of the late Don Jose Salvation re presented the fiunBy and pervaded the meal with a mild flavour of stale eigariroe and dignified criticism of remote events Arthur, disappointBd at the absence of lbs Douns, frond himself regarding this gentleman with some degree of asperirv and a disposition fc- resent any reference to his client's business as an unwarrantable impertinence. But when tbe dinner was awtr, and he had amoked a c^gar on the corridor Dolores, be began to be angry wish himself for itirrprmg her invitation, and savagely critical of meditating an early retreat— even a visit to lbs. Sepulvida— when Ibnuda entered. Would Don Artnro grant the Donna his flushing, and that his counsel at the present moment would not have been eminently rsmark aUe for coldness or jodicioaauess, bat he followed the Indian woman with a eujrht inclination of the head. They entered the room where be had Erst met the Donna. 8he might not have moved ream the position she bad occupied that morning on the coneb, so like was her attitude and man ner. As be approached her respectfully, he was conscious of the same fragrance, and the same mysterious magnetism that seemed to leap from her dark eyer, and draw bis own resisting and unwBJing gaze toward her. 'You win despise me, Don Artaro — you, whose counbrywomen are so strong snd active, because I am so little and weak, and,— Mother of Sod!— so lazy! But I am an invalid, snd am not yet quits istuienj. But then I am accustomed to it I have lain here fur days, Don Arturo, doing wwrt,™ It is weur— eh ? Yon dunk? This watching, tins waning! — day after day— always the earner There vnssotnetbmgsodeUeatelyplaiiitiveand tender in the cadence of her speech-— s cadence that might, perhaps, have been Attributed to the characteristic intonation of (he Castiliui feminine speech, but which Arthur could not belp drinking was peculiar to henelf, that at die moment he dared not lift his eyes to her, although be was conscious abe was looking ai him. Bat fcy an impulse of safety he addressed himself to the &&? 'Too have been an impulse then — Donna Dolores?' 'A snflerer, Don Arttrfo.1* 'Have you ever tried the benefit of change of scene— of habits of life? Tour ample means, jour freedom from the cares of nunily or kin ship, offer you such opportunities,' be continued, efiU addressing file tan. But the ran, as if maenetized by his saze. became coqoettisbly conscious ; fluttered, fsltered, drooped, and then languidly folded its wings. Arthur was left helpbsa. 'Perhaps,' said Donna Dolores, 'who knows V She paused for an instant, snd then mads s sign to Mtiinpln The Indian woman rose and left tbe room. ' I have something to tell you, Don Artnro,' abe continued, M something I should bave told you this morning. It is nut too fate now. But it b a secret. It is only that I hare questioned my right to toll it— sot that I have doubted your honour, Don Arturo, that I withheld it tnen. Arthor raised bis eyes to bars. It was ber tnm to evade his gbmoa. Witb her long fawhet dropped, abe srent on : ' It was five years ago,and my father — whom may tbe 8ainta assoQ — wss sfive. Game to us then st the Presidio of flan Qeruiliuio, a young She had escaped from s lost camp in the snowy mountains where her family and friends were starving. That was the story she told my father. It was a probable one— was it not?' Arthnr bowsd Us bead but did not reply. 'Sutflienstne tint (be gave me art a true one, as it appeared. Ms father haS sent an JErjwSoM to relieve these people, and they had found *'»''p; the dead the person whom Ifjst was their report. lbs name of the young girl who waa tbund dead and tbe name of the young gni wbocsme to ns waa the same. It wss Grace Gonroy.' Arthur's face did not move a muscle, nor did be once take bis eyes from tbe drooping lids of bis companion: ?It was a grave matter— a very grave matter. And it was tbe more surprising because the young girl bad st first given another name — the name of Grace Ashley— which she afterward »TJ'''«-i was the name of tbe young man who helped her to escape, snd whose sister she at first BBBuaied to be. 'My father waa a £ood mac, » kind man— ? stint, Don Artnro. It was not for him to know if she were Grace Ashley or Grace Conroy— it was enough for him to know that she was alive, weak^Velplas, snfterint;. Against the advice of bis officers, he took her into his own house, into his own family, into his own fatherly heart to wait until ber brother, or this Philip Ashley, should return. He never returned. In six months she was taken ill— very 61— s, little child was bom— Don Arturo— but in the same moment it died and the mother died— both you comprehend — both died — in my arms !' ' That was had,' said Arthur, cnrtly. ?' I do not comprehend,' said Dolores. 'Eardon. Do yon rnisnnderatand me. Iaay it was bad, tor I believe that this girl tbe mysterious stranger, with tbe aim, was really Grace Conroy.' Donna Dolores raised her eyes and started st Arthur. 'And why?' 'Because die modification of the bodies by the Expe&eiox; was hurried and imperfect.' ' How knew you this ?' Arthur rose ana drew bis chair a little Dearer Ins fan- client. * Ton have been good enough to insbrast me with an important and bonourabk secret. Let mcehownifappredatiOTiof that confidence br irAtrusting you with one equally important. I know that the iudentiGcation was imperfect and hurried, becaose Zwsspresent. In tbe report of the j&peoVeibs;) you will find the name if you hare not already read it, of lieutenant Arthur Poinsett That was myself.' Donna Dolores raised iinneU to a sating 'But why did you not leQ me this before ?' 'Because, first I believed yon knew that I was lieutenant Poinsett. Became, secondly, I did surf befieve that von knew that Arthur Pomsett snd Phffip Ashley wen one and the ?I do not nnderstand,' said Donna Doloret slowly in s hard metallic voice. 'I am lieutenant Arthur Pouwett, formerly of tbe army, who, under tbe assumed name of Philip Ashley, brought Once Conroy out of Starvation Camp. I am the person who after ward abandoned her— the father of her child.' He bad not tbe slightest intention of ssying tiiis when he first entered tise room, but some thing ia his nature, which he bad never tried to contra), brought it out, He was neither ashamed of it nor apprehensive of it» asnlte: but; having said it, leaned back in Us chair, PIW4 self-Tenant udaeV-sustaioed. If be had been ottering a moral sentiment, he could not hare been externally more calm or inwardly less agitated. More than that, there was a certain injured dignity in fais manner, as be rose(witbout giving the speechless snd astonished woman before him chance to recover hersdr, snd said : ' Ton will be able now to know whether ynnr confidence has been nuspheed. Ton will be able now to determine what yon wish done, and whether I am the person best calculated to assist you. I can only say Donna Dolores, that I am ready to act either as your witness to the identification of the real Grace Conroy, oras your legal adviser, or both. When you have decided which, you shall give me your further commands, or dismiss me. Until then, aJioi!' He bowed waved bis band with a certain grand courtesy, and withdrew. When Donna Dolores raised her stnpeneel head, the door bad closed upon him. When this conceited vounggentleman reached his own room, be was, I crieve to say, to some extent mentally, and, if I may use the word, morally exalted by the interview. More than that, be was in better spirits than he had been since his arrival. From this rotm be strode out into the corridor. If his horse bad been saddled, be would bave taken a sharp eantar over tbe low hills for exercise, pending the decision of bis fair client, but it was the bourof noonday Aata, and tbe court-yard was deserted. He walked to tbe gate and lookod acroos the pbun. A fierce wind bald internmtsu possession of earth and sky. Something of its rsstjeamet, just st that instant, ns in Arthur's breast, snd, with a glance around tbe corridor, and a momentary hesnation, at an opening door in s distant part or the building, suggested the possi bility of another summons from Donna Dolores, be stepped beyond the walls. 