THE LATE CHAMPIOX RACE. The Champion Race is over, and Richmond is enrolled amongst those mighty equine heroes whose names are handed down to furure genera tions as horses amongst a thousand. "Tis little over sixteen years since the three-year-old 1 lying Buck was raised on a similar pinnacle of I fame by defeating all the best horses in Aus tralia, and but nine since The Barb immor talised himself h \ a like performance During the uuerim Ave have had many cvXHq i hree-y ear-olds, but none so far and a way \ superior to everything else at the time as these three. During the sixteen years which have elapsed since the victory of the pride of Wil- hamstown what gigantic strides the turf has made in these colonies. "Tis almost as wonder- 1 ful as the rise of the city of Melbourne itself. In those days it was thought a very great per lormanee for a three-year-old to run the three mdes in omin. Msec. , and although we have reason to know that the Buck "could have broken more than lOsec. less, yet now we have Richmond doing it m ffffsec. under, beatine The Barb s famous time by 3sec., giving us stromrer reason than ever to doubt whether even in the found51111 1 superior could now be By all who were present on saturday last on the Flemington course it is universally admitted that a grander day's racing was never that ntever over, or interest taken in, a race as in the Champion, and now that it is over we think the committee of the Victoria Racing club may fairly b«e congratulated on the result proving unmistakably, as it docs, the wisdom oftheir .policy in re-establishing It. One such race is worth a dozen Cops, and all the haudicannino in the world would never bring out a betterfield For ourselves, we gave out no uncertain sound but from the initiation of the race strongly upl held the policy of the club, and now wouldeven go further, and advocate the establishment of tltree Champion Races in the year — one at a mile one at two miles, and the other at three miles! £ 1 ,000 added to each would not be money thrown away, and, to avoid clashing, each could be run at a different meeting ; at all events we make the club a present of the suggestion. The only drawback from the perfect success of the great race was the absence of Kingsborongh, The Diver, and Lurline, the respective champions of New South Wales, Riverina, and New Zealand. These colonies were, it is true, in a way other wise represented, and very well too, but the presence of three such grand performers would have lent much additional tcldt. So far as the honours are distributed, New South Wales shares with Victoria the credit of Richmond's victory, for, if the colt is owned and trained here, and his sire and dam are > ictorian bred, he himself was foaled across the border, and it must have been a proud day for Mr. Andrew Town when he received the telegram with the news that a colt of his breeding had won the twelfth Champion Race in the fastest time on record. In the same manner both colonies hare a claim to Goldsbrough's second, though we have much more to say to him. Third honours are all our own. as the gallant little Maid is Vic torian every inch of her. England and South Australia gained some credit by the running of Proto-Martyr, whilst Calumny did anything but disgrace New Zealand. In Bella the Tasmanians have a better racer than they have bred for years, and her position all through the race does great credit to the tight littleisland. For ourselves, we have a little to say, as our selection was far from a bad one, although we went in the face of public opinion in giving Goldsbrough such a prominent position, but his running fully justi fied the estimate we formed of him, and if the ground had been thoroughly hard, as we expected it would lie at the time of writing, there is no saying how much nearer be would have been ; still we put in a saving clause for soft -going in favour of Richmond and the Sylvia colt. For the latter it was not heavy enough, as he was very sore, but that it just suited Richmond was evidenced by the result. So long ago as last September, we ventured the prediction that Richmond would win all three events, the Derby, Cup, and Champion, and so he would had the two first been run on good sound going. We did this, as at the time we thought we have never seen his equal since The Barb, and it is a strange coincidence that none of the three - a ear-oius w no naa e aa on tins race cave Deen bp? horses, but all of the multum in parro kind, nj one will doubt now that Richmond has proved himself the best colt that Australia has yet pro duced, for at one, two, and three miles" he has shown equally as great form, whilst he can cany weight with the best of them, and a proud man indeed should Mr. J ellett be to own such a wonder. J ellett has always been known as a most astute general, as well as a very clever trainer, for he generally knows when his horses are fit, but we do not think he ever before achieved such a victory. The touts would not have his training, at all, com plained that he was not doing sufficient work, and yet voted him stale and overdone. The proof of the pudding is in the eating, and perhaps those gentlemen who do Flemington in the morning, may benefit by the lesson that it is a Aery different thing getting a horse fit to Avliat it is keeping him so when already thoroughly wound up. Still Richmond must be a wonderfully constitutioned horse to stand all the knocking about he has had this season, and this everyone knows is a great ad a antage. The touts made the same mistake as to Goldsbrough and Melbourne, and all would have the latter the better horse because Mr. Tait did not choose to push the other unduly. Both these horses were verv well, but we are much mistaken if Mr. Tait does not show before the season is out that \f Vwrn Tn o ion Vua cLvIl fnW-k 3 rr_ v t imuid ajaipruteu .Lairrrg the whole field together, we do not think better- conditioned lot ever came to the post in Victoria, although one or two may be made slightly better. We are sorry to have to note the close of Dagworth s racing career. The pace was too hot for the game old veteran after a mile and a half, and along the river he blundered and rolled hght o\ er. He was up before his jockey, but had broken down so badly that he fell again. a veterinary 's assistance was necessary next day, and at one time it was rumoured that the old horse had shuffled of this mortal coil by the aid of a bullet, but we are glad to say that the accident was not so serious, and that beyond a bad " breakdown," nothing is the matter, and there is no fear but that the veteran will yet live to perpetuate many of his like upon the turf. " r With regard to the racing, it is so fully re ported elsewhere that our remarks here will be a ery bnef . The Hurdle Race showed that the ban di capper was deceived as to the true form of Asmodeus, whilst he also slightly erred as to Donation, Sst 4lb being too little for a hurdle- racer, not a pony, to carry. The former won a erj easily, showing very different form to what e did at Williamstown. Had these two not been so leniently treated there would have been a great race between Sir William Don, Alice hawthorne, Welshman, and Larrikin, all of "va cm ran well till they found it useless to per- se\ ere alter such a demon. The Two- v ear -old Race unmistakably proved that Newminster was a long Avay superior to any two-vear-old yet 'red here, and as he has all the size, pace, breeding, and stoutness necessary for a Derby opse, he has a long and prosperous career before imn. The position of the two Tim Whiffier fillies, Bnseis and Svbil, who are both out of colonial -pedigreed mares, should give that sire a great fillip, and the form shoAvn this season by the stock of both him and The Marquis proves that no two sires were evex greater acquisitions to the colony. The less said about the £100 Plate the better, gpeciauy as a further investigation is being hdd to try and sheet SeNmatter home to thejnost guiky parties. How riders of Rawlings s steading can allow themselves to be made tools of is passing strange, but the slight shade of odds accepted about the field was quite enough to show which quarter the wind blew from, Mr. Chirnside won a good race with SuliatF in the Midsummer Han- dic&paaitL; we take some-blame in overlooking the pretensions of the horse after the great race he ran in the spring for the Free Handicap. Wollomai's performance was, however, by far the best, ana really proves him what his owner and breeder has always asserted, a first-class horse. The Champion we have already said enough about, but forgot to mention that Maid of All Work by her running maintained her two- year-old prestige, and that had she had an artist like Hailes in the saddle she should have even done better. Her running in the Canter bury Plate gave us an inkling of this, and we think she was in better condition than in the spring, when we thought her rather too dry. After Sailor's performance in the Steeplechase we should advise an amateur riding him next t ine, as he shows an aptitude to get rid of pro fessionals, although we believe that this time the horse was not in fault, but was thrown by a cannon. Old Prodigious for once clouted a fence too severely, so much so that all the go was taken out of him, and he stopped to nothing aftsrwards. However, it was satisfactory t ) see Mr. Orr rewarded at last for all his patience and hard work with All Fours, es pecially as the veteran had taken off 221b. of good solid ffiesh to ride himself. Prior ran a great horse, and took a lot of shaking off at the finish, and null once more laud a big stake if Mr. Barnard is not too severe on him. In the Three -year-old Handicap our old favourite Troy did not run up to her best form, but both Paradox and the Alpha filly did, and now -it is over, we think the daughter of Sledmere was held too cheap, seeing what a good little mare she has always run when in form, At all events the Alpha filly should not hare presented her with so much weight. The once highly- thought-of Veteran ran but indif ferently, and he will have to improve a lot to stand the ghost of a show in the St. Leger, or ever run up to Champion form. 