(Front another Correspondent,) Many of your readers are aware that an eccle siastical seminary has been established by hia Lordship Dr. Quinn on his return from Europe. For the past twelve months the community have ' been living in a rented house. On the 19th of this month the foundation-stone of the seminary j is to be laid. Tho building, I understand, is to adjoin tne present College oi St. Stanislaus, but ?, is. however, to be a thoroughly distinct institu tion Dr. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, is to . preach on the occasion, and it is expected that all the bishops of the province will be present, j Active preparations are being made to secure the success of tho undertaking1. A committee of the leading Catholics of Bathurst has been formed, of which the Rev Dr. Byrne is chairman. At the second meeting* it was proposed and carried, that a circular letter should be published, ex» plaining tho object and necessity of the semi nary, and tho following was accordingly drawn up:— ' A Few Worda to the Catholics of the Diocese of Bathursb on tho New Ecclesiastical Seminary, the foundation-atone o£ which io to be laid on tho 19 h November. 11 ¥00 havo. of late heard much about tho Ecclesiastical Seminary. But do you know whar. is its obj or, ? Whafc its neceosity ? How ifc concerns you ? ?? In the firat place, with resa^d to its object, it io io be an ins!i:ution wherein young men aro 'o be trained for the priesthood. Everyone kno-7othnt learning nnd virtue nre necosoary to u priest. Without learning he wonld no* be fit to teaoh others (Timothy ii, 2). Without virtuo be wou d be a wolf in sheep's clothing I (Matthew vii 15). To form her priests in tho^e jtwo neco9B-ry qualities, the Church han inati I toted oocleaifiotioal seminaries (Cono Trid, XKii, 1 19) . Heroin her young LfaVitoo aro ,oubj- ctod to ;n long courco of study and practised in tho J virfcuoa essential to their otato. Ttiios ihon, ia I fcho objedfc oS tho now Seminary ; to train up nnoh of yonr children, as tho Ho'y Ghost may cull, to bo worthy mioistera of Christ. ' But some may imagine that, though thio is a very good thing in itself, yet i^ is not a matter of neceaaiiy. If you should fchink do, you aro greatly coiataken. Tho Ecclesiastical Seminary ia not a matter of mere choice or con venieuce. It io a necessity, a great neceneity, Obher institutions may al^o bo required. What, for inctanco, chould you do, if you had no aehoolo to edncate your children, 110 churoheo, wherein to worship God ? Bub wouW not the case be d tbouaand times worse if you were left without the minioters of. Christ ? Who won'd teach you the way to heaven ? Who would remind you of your duties to God ? Who would offer for you the oacrifice of the altar ? Who would relieve your conscience of the heavy weight of your oins 1 Who would come to you in sickness and in pestilence, to console you. ti- raise your hopes towards -i better life, to hold the Crucifix before your eyeo, to bid you trust in Jeeue and Mary, and to strengthen your departing spirit with the eacrameuta of the Church ? Do not then say that the Saminary, in which your future priesthood is to be educated, is not nece3oary for you. Tbia wonld bo tho «ame aa saying that yon have no need of Chriet Himssif ; for who id the Catholic Priest baf Hio represen'atve on earth ? ' But you may say : Havo we not done with out seminaries up to this ? Why not also in tho future ? Now, no doubt God in His mercy has supplied you with priests in the past. But are you therefore to make no provision for the future ? Would it not be unreasonable to expect that the home countries will always continue to supply your wants ? Doe-- not history teach us that no church can flourish without a native priesthood? Australia is growing into a great nation. Her population is ' daily increasing ; and with it increases the demand for priests. If the glory of God is anywhere concerned, it is sxirely concerned in Australia. The words of our Divine Lord are especially true to this country : ' The harvest indeed is great, but the labourers are few ' (Matt, xix., 27.) Look around you ! Do you not see vast tracts of country, with scattered population, depending on the ministrations of a few priests P Do you not see the dearest interests of religion everywhere at stake ? Do you noc aee tna opirit nf iua ff r entism everywhere waxing otrong? D.- you not eee the vase majority of tho3e ontnide fee true fold rapidly vergiog towards infidelity ? Do you no'c sea the efforto of publio man, and of an in fidel preao, to banish the idea of God from the school, and to draw the world back again to the darkaosD of FogcuiFm ? A»d are we to aland by with folded armo, and behold the dearest in tereata of Christ and His Church pub to thu tont,, without making an effort ? Are r;© to expect that those at the other end of tha world will send hb leaders to fight onr battles, when wo havo ifi in our power to procure them from among ourselves ? Would not Ibis oeem like tempting God, and provoke Him to abandoa us ? If, then, you have the interests of religion at heart 5 if yoa desire to nee the cause of Curlst triumph, strive to do your utmost; to pvomofcs this great work. csAreyot a Oatholio? If so, yoa are con corned in ifca welfare. Whether you are young or old0 whether you ore rich or poor, this Insti tution concerns you, and concerns you most intimately. Do yoa wish to show your zeal for God'a glory ? Do you wiah fco propagate Hio Holy Goapel ? Do yon wioh fco aave those coulo for which Christ has ohed His Preoioua Blood ? Coma forward9 then ! Here is your opportunity ! All chose intarests are concerned in thie inotini tioa. Aid it in every way you cau. Contribute gnnoronoly towards it, according to your means. Encourage everyone over whom you have in fluence to take its interests to heart Pray earnestly that God may blesa ib, and make it I prosper. And wfceayou are dead and gone, your posterity will feel its inflaenoe, an^i it will con* tinue to opread the bkstiagj of our holy religion over the knd.' 