The Noble Science. Bathurst, Saturday nicht. " Gilpin uproot mo the laurels I seora, Aint plant me ten acres ot «orsa anti blaoltthorn ; Though the shape of the covert to zigzag inolin«. Maj the fux that we flnJ there describe a straight line." So wrote nearly half a century ago, when I was at school, tho hunting poet, of Cheshire, and the same idea fills the minds of foxhunters still. If we had fox-r hunting here, we should soon have gorse coverts to hold " tho varmint;" but as there aro no loxes, our sportsmen . try to mako up for their absence by huutiug something els», and I may toll of the doings of THU S H.Q. W THU "WEST. The good folks of Bathurst, than whom none lay themselves out with moro zest for legitimate sports, commenced to-day what will he a regular jubilee w«-ek, and of a verity, tho opening bas b«en A great suocess. It will be remembeied that when coursing in New South Wales was inaugurated by «he first meeting of the Sydney Coursing Club, th« then rc-forining Hunt Club took tho hounds up to the city of the West for a couple of days over the country; and, althoiifth from sundry insurmountable reasons, the sport was hardly first-class, the sportsmen *f the district were so delighted to have "Tho Noble Science" brought among them, that u large number of members joined the club. Thus has como about the determination of the managing committno to give a week at. midwinter in the west ; and a splendid gather ing of metropolitan and provincial Nimrods is the re sult. The hounds were brought from Sydney by the day train on Friday, and with them carno a goodly number of the straight goers, who all brought well seasoned hunters to negotiate the fences of- thu Mac quarie Plains. Friday night fouud Bathurst unusually full of visitors, amoug whom members o.! the S. H. C. predominated, and prominent among these I noticed in tho morning the H«n. James White, the Hon. E K. Cox, Captain Airey, Master of the Mounds ; Mr. G. F. Want, Hon. Secretary; Messrs E. Terry, A. Thomp son, Standihh Cox,0. Cox, II. Lamb, F. Donkin, Viucwit Dowling, an'1 H. iM'Qnade, whu had all journeyed from a distance to give their brethren of the WcBt a cordial meeting. To greet these visitors came en manse the gentry of tho City of the Plutus aud its neighbourhood, conspicuous being their respected member, Mr Frank Suttor; and while, the heads of families wero well represented, tho r'Bing generatioúrof~JL,ees, Suitors, M'Phillamys and other such, were largely "to- the^ foro.. Never had tho town presouted a more animated^appearance, as every available horse had been laid hands on, troops of eques trians cantered about in all directions, the buggies and carriages of family men were counted in large numbers ; and the town wus gayer than I ever saw it-So I thought. Tho meet being for an hour before noon rm tho Market Square, punctual to timo tho Master and his whips rode up with thensixteen couples of "spotted', beauties ;'>uud the squaro was surrounded bv a great crowd, certainly not fewer than five or six hundred pennie, including at least one hundred horseman, most s of whom oviikntlyjneant to ride to tho hounds without shirking. Tile carriages, full 'of well-dressed ladies, spoke volumes for the good taste and beauty of the district dames and belles, as well as for tba sporting proclivities of tho " lords.of the soil ;" and among the many equipages, the turn-out of Mr George Lr«, of Looholm, was docidudly tb» best appointed ; while "Lottery" carried hirosolf as a "gentleman all over," in the shafts of Mr. G. F. Want's buggy. After a short parade, tho Master led the way to tho outskirts of the town near Esrom, where a drag had been started to pick up a " dingo " turned down near tho river ; and I noticd f rnoug tho well known men und horses,'Mr John Lef, on Foxhunt£r; Mr. Frank Suttor, on a grey ; Mr. E¡ K. Cox, on a chef» nut; Mr. G. F. Want, hon. sec., on Vivian; Mr. E. Terry, on chesnut Rocket, who used to carry Mr. Bowes so well last season; Dr. Cortis.on Slfe*-. Anchor ; Mr. A. West, on Puritan ; Mr. John M'Phillnmy, on Speculation ; Mr. J M'Phillumy, junr., on Bugler ; Mr. C. M'PhiIlar*.y, junr, on Sam Weller ; Mr. T. Tindale, on L«dy Power, said to have once 'beaten Gaffer Gray ; Mr. H. Lamb, on ? R?flemón ; Mr. F. Donkin, jon Receipt ; Mr. S. Cox, on Rufus ; Mr. A. " Thompson, on- bis grey bask; Mr 0. Cox on Lnntern ; Mr. V. Dowling ou Pilot. Mr. Yeomans on a dark 'un, Mr. H. Reid on the Darkie, icc, &c;, with the Whip on a groy, and another whoBO name I don't know. I may safely say that the whole gathering was im mensely creditublo to tho town and district ; that tho hounds and huntsmen have never had such a reception, or tho Club RO much patronage und support else where, and that the best jumping horses iu tho colony were to tho fore. In the river meadows, nearly opposite Saltram, the diugo had been turned down, anti a drug laid to this spot, from near Mr. Waddell's tannery, whero the hounds picked up tho scent and went away ut a great paco which soon placed oue or two leaders of the pack a long way ahead of the rest. Receipt;, Itockot,nnd Rifloman seemed iu front nt the first fence, followed by a promiscuous crowd, amoug whom it, was difficult to discriminate, and a large number of horses jumped several fences, ns the lino lay across tho Veteran grunt into Mr. Frank Suttor'* nstàte, and thou across Hawkins's to the river, which was crossed near Rankin's Bridge. Short.lv after start* i tig, the Muster, who was on Vivian, finding his how not, go kindly, had to change him for Phiylwy, wht< h caused a slight delay, the houiuU having to bo shopped, but the pare to the river was very fust. The Hue now lay through Mr W. H. Sut tor's property, where u b g '.nuble '"ad to Lc negotiate I, at whir.h Sum We b r ramo down, and par ed <-. mpnn<\- «Uli hin ri 'er. and t hru a-rofs Allo'vay Bank, to Mr Ito^t nV. into v.-hirli ll^m w.i* a rrgnlii'* i-:!»per. Thu metrup .! i tun* » H ¡;o mof, wi'h Bug>r Sam Weller, l'uritm. FOX'MIVIM-, «¡Sin.-'-t Anchor; our, »lie next, u very 1 i^r fi-inv ont ol' thr- pii'! <l"clr, proved a nt"pt er, ns univ Pbiyl-iy, Vivian, Rocker, Receipt. Rifleman. Foxhuuter. Puritan, Ruins, anil [.'intern got over; whilo S un Weller, Sheet Anchor Bugler, innl i>thíT« banked, und bad to ¡io n milo iiiifhe-up tngrt over. At this t'enpu Mr F. Yeomans hid a bad fall, hilt carno r..'und iifr-'f ¡> (1 >-e "f Doctor nrti.t' specific resrorer. Tin.- huntiiiL', which had bren very slow fur some time, lirre caine to si staiid«t.¡U, che hounds being un ible t-J make out the scent of 1 ha dingo ; and a move was made to Font-hill, where it wai determined to send a drag. So after a spell of three quarters of an hour, George on Infidel, started, the hounds being laid, on after proper law. In this second run, the first obstacle was a creek, into which Mr. John Lee went, off Foxhunter ; and the next waa a fence, over which all the Sydney division sailed, with Puritan and Sheet Anchor ; the same lot getting well over tho next, with the exception of Pilot, who gave his rider a cropper, but was soon remounted and away again. Here came the fence of the day, a good five-foot box three-railer, dividing th« properties of Messrs. Suttor and R. Reid, at which Playboy, Puritan, i Rifleman, Receipt, Socket, Sheet Anchor, Lantern, ' Pilot, and Rufus got rid of the field ; the nine getting over well, and having the rest of the run to themselves ; and the line now Tay through Mr. Kotton's and W. H. Suttorfs, across Alloway Bank to Rankin's bridge over which the river was crossed. After crossing the river a big fence had to be negotiated at the top of the bank, into the Mount Pleasant estate, followed by a fine double at the Orange road ; and still crossing Mount Pleasant, they ran nearly to Evans' Plains ; th«>n turning to the left to the Round House. Here was another fine double, near tho Ohurch of England burial ground, leading into Mr. Frank butter's property; and the drag was come up with at the Orange-Esrom Road, when the nine above mentioned were with the hounds, and none sorry to have got well over one of the stiffest pieces of country the hounds have ever run over. It was a capital day's sport ; but all I can say here is that remembering how superior tho condition of the trained hunters is to that of the local nags, it was won derful to seo as many as twenty-five or thirty horses go straight and well over the first six or eight fences, and the performances of Mr. A. "West and Dr. Cortis were first-class. There wero ninety four horsemen at the ** throw off," and only eight saw the last six milesof the run. Mr. John Lee went as straight as a crow on Fox hunter, a horse that will be romembored as taking second jumping prize at the last Sydney show ; but of tho per formances of bounds aud horses, btatc of the pack, utiUty of " drags," &c;, I must writo anon. Bathurst, Monday uight. After spending a quiet Sunday, and listening to a tolling sermon on " Little FOTOS," from Canon Smith, the members of tho Hunt Club and their f rieuds pre pared this morning for their second day over the plains. Tho start was again on tho Market Square, where the Master brought his hounds at 10.30 ; and after a short " walk round" a move was made in the same direction as on Saturday, the attendance of lookers-on not being nearly so large as on tho first day, though tho" re . guiara" mustered in good force, and mude up a very satisfactory field. It had at first been intended to throw off just outside tho town towards the Race course, and lay a drag up to a kangaroo ; turned down at Evans's Plains, where, the fencing being light, the huntsmoa with moderate horses might enjoy tho sport ; but at the last moment thiB very acceptable plan was abandoned, and tho hounds were laid on to a drag at Waddell's Tannery, following the same line ns the former one, to Rankin's Bridge. The f encos along these river fiats, across Veteran Uraut, Mr. Frank Suitor's, and Hawkins's, didn't seem to suit the horses par ticularly well, as there waa any amount of baulking, in which I fancy some of the metropolitan division were conspicuous; and the performances were not nearly as good at this part of the run as those of which I told in my account of the first day. Mr. Standish Cox had a great fight with his horse at a big tour-railer, but eventually got him over all tight ; and so many of tho field turned baok from this obstacle that the hounds were stopped before reaching tho river, to allow thom to come up. During this part of tho run, " Ghoster" gave Mr. E. Terry a heavy fall, fortunately without injuring him ; and " Reindeer" hung on a fence with Mr. Dowling, threatening to come over on him as belay. " Bessie" also came to grief with her pluoky owner : and ono of the whips got a cropper ; besides which thero wore other casualties not worth mentioning. Seldom was seen such tailing-ofi' in a field of horsemen in such a short distance. The river was crossed at tho bridge, and the line continued up the hill, bending to the right towards the residence of Mr. W. H. Suttor, jun. ; then straight up the hilt through Oakos's paddock, and Kelaher's pad dock, out of which the hounds ran hunting kangaroos. After leaving the paddocks for th« bush, the pack di vided on two marsupials, six couples of hounds follow ing a fresh one, while the other ten couples stuck to the hunted one, running into him, and breaking him up. Tho., country* here was vory rough, with high stoney ranges ; and Mr. Standish Cox, who was pre-, sently joined by Mr, Dowling, followed the six couples of hounds for some miles, when finding tho country too bad for riding, they were forced to let five and a-half couples go, only succeeding in whipping off " Regent.' When all collected for the return home, Mr. H. Lamb and Mr. E. Terry ran a short drag, but ali tho horse men thought their nags had had enough of it for one day, with the exception of three who followed right .through. It was a hard day's work for horses and men, and the pack came home short of fivo and a-half couples out of sixteen. The changes of mounts of tho principal horsemen were, that Mr. E. Terry rode " Chester," while Mr. H4 Terry was on " Rocket" ; Mr. John Lee rodo a hackney, lending " Foxhunter" to young Mr. Suttor, who, how- ' ever, didn't succeed with tho cob ns well ns the Bylong squire. Dr. Cortis wag on *' Bessio,'' and Mr. Dowling had exchanged " Pilot" for " Reindeer," who baulked, and fell in character. Thcsn aro all the altera tions I can give front Saturday's list, but I may add that the second whip was very poorly mounted to-day; and tho grey horse, on which the first whip was ou Saturday performed very poorly. Three kan garoos wero killed ; but tho dingo lost on Saturday has not yet turned up. So far ns going straight, without refusing or falliug throughout the two day», tho honours of tho hunt must bo awarded to Mr. Donkin and Receipt, Mr. H. Lamb and Rillcman ; neither of whom have made a mistake, and for perseverance with an unkindly performer, Mr Standish Cox deserves im mense kudos. Mr. E. Terry performed like a workman on Saturday/, with Rocket, and persevering with Chester to-day, after his heavy fall, ho sent the big horse along through tho rest of the day in gretïtf styl*». Where tho front rank were, thero waa always to be fourni Mr C. Cox on Lautem ; and Mr. Alec West on both days kept up the honour of tho district on his clever, but whilom despised, "Puritau." The Master, on Playboy, wasathis post. Two of tho learned professions, Law and Physic, were well represented in tho front rank on Saturday, by Mr. West and Dr. Cortis, at tho head of affairs ; and to-day I was delighted to see a respected Reverend Canon in his buggy at the throw-off. This reminded mc of good old days, long ago, when "Tho Church" ¡iud "Tho State*' met always at The Covert 6ide ; and Warburton wrote the following, to be said or sung : There's Henry, that purple-clad Vicar, So earnestly plying the steel ; '* Conductor" conducting bim quicker. Each prick from bis Reverend heel. Wero my lifo to depend on the wager, I know not which brother IM back - The Vicar, thc Squire or tho Major, Tho Turpte, Thc Pink, or The Black. That wai written fifty years ago, the subjects being the three straight-going Cheshire brothers Tomkinson ; and now, my pleasant task, so far as Saturday and Mon day is nigh ended. The Fourth Estate had members in the field, "takin notes;" and, among others, I may remark that, on this Monday,u Senex Venator" had the honour of being driven by * Buster" in the best buggy out, and behind the clever little racing pony, "Tomboy." Vale. Bathurst, Tuesday Night. As the hounds would want a spell it was decided to devote Tuesday to pigeon shooting, and arrangements were made for the use of the late Mr. Henry Leo's paddock, now rented by Mr. George. Mathews, of Kelso, where was a goodly muster of " knights of the trigger," there being some excellent shots in the Wes tern district. There was a liberal supply of creature comforts, and Mr. Mathews had provided a good cold luncheon, to all of which the guests were invited with true Bathurst hospitality. This being in the nature of a private party, I di dat think it needful to publish the scores, but will content myself with telling, in general terms, what took place. The sport commenced with a sweep at 25 yards rise, misses out, in the first round of which the shooters were reduced by misses from six teen to five ; and these were further reduced by one ia the second round, Mr.Moulder and Mr. A. West only scoring three ; but Mr. West missed his fourth shot, and Mr. Moulder killing his fourth and fifth, won the sweep, Mr. West taking second money. ' After this, there was a handicap made by Messrs. J. Cassidy and West, which, after some very good shooting, came to a division among MesBrs. E. K. Cox, Osborne and Sharpe, after tying several times. Sides were then chosen for a match, which produced some very good shooting ; and it was nearly dusk when the last bird was trapped. At night there was a grand ball in the School of Arts, tho best room in Australia, at which all the beauty and fashion of the district were present, and a glorious night's pleasure was had ; the music being, of course, by the Volunteer Band, for which Bathurst bas long been f amous. Having to come away hy the train that night, I was unable tn bo pre sent ; but I had a look into the supper-room, nnd found tho tables laid in the most tasteful manner, and covered with a spread in every way recherche, which was pro vided by Mr. Carpenter. What with all tho different sports and pastimesprovided, I have no doubt that all the metropolitan division, as well us other visitors, who fol lowed|the westward track of the S.H. C.onthisoccasion, will feel no small gladnoss when the word is again given, " Hey, for Bathurst !" Bathurst, Wednesday Night. The finish to our jubileo weok took placo to-day, when we had the third day's hunting, the meet being m tho Market Square at ll o'clock. The members were mounted us on Saturday, and thero was a goodly muster of carriago folk. On the outskirts of the town a drag was luid, which gave a nice run of about three miles to Bull's publiehouse, at Evans' Plums, where luncheon was discussed ; and then Dr. Cortis and Mr. H. Lamb ran a drag of about five miles on to the Vale Hoad, a very good run. Pilot and Lantern were the only nags that carno to grief, both getting croppers. Returning to town, Mr. A. West, on Puritan, and Mr. H. Lamb, on Rifleman, set the field a game of follow-the-lender, and wero the only two who reached tho road, though Rifle man came down over the last of five big feúcos. It was a capital day's sport, and numbers of peo pl o followed in carriages. So ended the gayest wee« tho Hunt Club has ever had ; and after the really princely reception accorded them by the citizens of Bathurst, I suppose it's pretty certain the members will manage another week in the west before the end of tho season. Tho head-quarters of tho club wero at Durackfs. . The hounds were at Reid's Oxford Hotel, and, of course, tho comfortable Royal was as full as it could hold of families and gen tlemen. I SUITES VBXATOB. 