Local. The bazaar in,, aid of tho Franklin Congregational Church Building Fund- was opened in the Mechanics' Institute ops Wednesday',' la-t at t.wajo'elock, and re mained open thatund the following after noon ami evening. The ball was decorated. gaily, anil the ftnlls p-cre well filled with a great variety of articles, uao ul and fancy, varying in pth u from £2 downwards, and in size from three square feet to three square inches. A magneto-electric machine, a wheel of life, and " puff and dart" were there to amuse the people, and plenty of fair IsCics to tease tlie cash from them. Tli. re v as a brisk sale on Wednesday, arid although the heavy rain- kept 'many away on Thursday, yet about £-2 ! was received, makiug the total reocipla £67, which re- au!f, ii.. very satisfactory. Selections of fausto.wero played "land sung at intervals, and the proceedings closed each evening by tho company ainging the National Anthem. The settling for the Autumn Meeting of the Tasmanian Racing Club took place at the Rock Hotel on Saturday afternoon. The winners of the stakes did not put in an appearance, and the proceed ings of the meeting were confined to the reading by the chairman, Sir James M. Wilson, the statement of. the amounts won, which were as follows: — Mr Walter Rum- ney, ,1st Maiden Plate, £36; 1st Steeple- chase; £55 16s 2nd Handicap, £13 10s; total, £105 6s. Mr C. G. Eadie, 1st Han- dicap, £55 16s. — Mr T. Austin, 1st Con solation Race, £23 8s ; 2nd Maiden Plate, £3 ; 2nd Hack Stakes, £2; totali£-18 8s. Mr W. Taylor, 1st Hack Stakes, £23 8s. Mr W. Honey, -2nd Consolation Race, £2. Grand total, £214 18s. j; | ' ' 'The rinly charge "on 'the! slieet at tlie! City Police Court, on Saturday, was one of drunkenness against- William Saggars, of New Town, who was fined 5», or in default . seven davs in gaol. In our. advertising columns will ,be .found a.grattful ., acknowlcilgmeut by Barnard Green of t he tium of £3, voted to him by the Amateur Dramatic, Club;, an aol, on the part of that body, which we think deserves notice. Edward Trickett, the Australian sculler, who left. Sydney in February last (says the . Sydney. Evening News ), accom panied by Mr Jas. Punch, to row a match for the championship of ibe Thames, has, we learn by the news brought, ;by the Bowcn, been matched to row. against J. H. Sadler, the present holder of the title of Champion of the Thames, Sadler became champion in 1874, when he defeated Bag- nell in a race over the course between Put- ney and Mortlake. He also defeated Boyd, the Newcastle Soulier, in a champion match last, year., No doubt the match with Sadler and Trickett has already token place ; but I as the cable is interrupted,, tho result is not to hand. In the. absence of oablc commu- n'cation we'are riot likely to hear anything defiaite for some weeks to.ooine. "v . A football nintcli was played on Saturday afternoon, between tlie City and Higli ' School Clubs, on the' Break o'Day Cricket. Grerind. . 'the City team consisted' of Messrs Pike (captain),' A.'D. Watchorn, li. Kirby, Stuart, Morriss,- J. S. WiIbOd, Finlay, PauI. Tentient, J. W ilaon, Taylor, W. Watohoro, Bcnnison, Castray, Han-ja- for .1, and S. Kirby. The High School team consisted of Mcssrs Bucklund, Butler, Bar rett, Clark, Dai'euport, Edmondson, juii)'" W,.,Edmondson, Ford, Fysi(,,. Ilqpe, Ru- lertson, Stuart, C. Taylor, E. Taylor, and Yeats. The game .commenced about 3 p.m. (half 'an . hour .late)., „ Pike. winning the toss; it was lelt. for, the High Schoul captain to "kick off," which he did in good style. The game then got very lively, but it was evident from tlie first that1 the City Club was overmatched ; the old1 adnge— " Practice makes perfect"— being fully il- '"tratcd by the play. For the High School hj Taylor . worked bird arid will, and 1 little Bat!er,";by hta agility,, aav'ctl many n goal. I'ucklsnd s strong tiokiog did good ser.ice for his tide, and ho was wtjl baekeo up by his team, For the City Club, Pih and Wilson uro specially worthy of- uuni Ion, di.trig their best to save tlm iMitLti. pool, Rocertsoti, and Finlay played- their best, if any ot these playen trefo'wortby of cori- sure it was Htinnntord, who teemed verv stiff, nud.-f ai.l 'o wv. Tennrnt, nls', seemed frig itcned of "killing some one/ and would,! Mcttrr. jkhn h»d a little mo a i game n t hi/HS in fsot, the whole of the Ph ty«n,'t rVvj,"l|y/'»i'l "f hurting the rilittlorines" df tlie High School, and R<. tlirm offi in mnriy a sdramMe. At, other jfaiilt was to tin ir hi,., , being too close to- got her In the field) which prevented them ftom fdlowikg upl a Nfo,. d picoo of p|„ when made. -. The High School's four e- ,,1, wprc.kickqd liy W. Rdtnondson, Lt \y I'Miiion.l-.ot), 2nd ; G F. Butler, 3rd i,„i O. Taylor, 4th., Tho Gitv Football goxh can be summed up with a 0. ' Mr, i Ten bmnkriihffiqgaitnfof tlla Australian Bloiuliii, arrivnd S Town on Saturday from the North, and purposes to. to make arrangements for holding an exlubitlorh-pblir-wme diffl. aulty exists, jn preouring ,,.ullab!e spot, ou whioli to erect? The monWtonleW 'ASOft long— which is neoeasaryfor the« exciting pe r fo r mancee i """Tha" reserve of the1 Barrncks would' be; just the: suiUble spot and although wo beliqvp-it.hjis-boeti refustd .0, rirqus; cuiqpau cs/ Vet, .7s no damage lieyoitd , a row post holes jvlli « be.dotie"wri do not ace why tho .Guverriiuent shorild not allow that pqrtmn-of the greurid at the corner of Divey-.ireet and Hairipdei.roid to bowsed for the pttrp iae. W« hope that no difficulties will be put. in the way of the agent, as, now we are going in foriathletio sports . and BWn,«s«unis, everjtliiog con» neqtcffwith nerve. aqd musitdrir. wertise has additional interest -(for "iiur'natis. rouths. We belleve that Mr L'Pktrsnga the Australian Blondjn, quite equals $5 original. The S, M. IIcald of the 21.t F-.hruary, say. t-"p,( Saturday evening, hnvrever, the . attendsoce reached, about ,2(0,pcrsoaiLa|thoagh.aO|dnuht,Bheritho ability of Mr L Eitrange ' becomes. riioN geoerally, known, , this nmriiieP wliniia , doubled every ovaninw. ' The Aastriilim Blondiu appears tohavfe,1, quite as mrieh Iierye.. as the ifero' ,"o'f'.lliagira;".iid matches, «% and almost dances on the rope, with & coolness and preoialon thatt once.iitmisrta to thenlooker- a feelibi? tb'it the performer is quite, wcure. 'He alio crossed the rope blindfolded. doiriff Wrne catch tricks on the way, walked;''iHlh bkets on his feet, carried a lad scroti and simuh'ed -shnking his burden off in the most natural manner, and rodeacro'i tt .Wcyole. all; these f-ats being.peilonaed aith 0f the I2th. Aprii Blundin (air H..L%ir'ftiKe) giveTS performance in Saudhurst last nigfitl.wbich proved to be a great success.,; Long before 'haperfbrmance oommenced the large apace enclosed by cunvas in the camp reserve as filled with an immense concourse of peoelp. The weathi r was all f&t;'cobld be desiftd « bemg »; beatif ul , clear, nigli and the efffect of hfs performance in the bright' moonlifht was very pleasing , $be .edclosed spac( was also'/ very r bnilliantly, litwith Igaf.' ' Hii varioiiss feats were applauded' to" the echo, andfwere'sbmetbing marvellous, many pro- j iit)unpipc;thera to- bp equaLto tbe origiaal rBlondihV— .-in," r/ j( i 'i v\ ''" > A man, named James Martin, aged ,31, ,t and1' wJiplTcnto ' -the: Farn», , Brdwpa;RiV on 'fcatiirda ,rblch Jthe're ;is' tod-mi'ch reason to fear rosy end Ydtally.'-J1 ft aprears that at ab«>ut noon on Siiurday. last, ba ' wos unloading a load;, o f .b'ay at Messrs Webster and- Corrie's. storesOli Wharf, By some aecidrnt one of thetruases bf bay tell upon hia'heud, throwing bim dewn, When picked up, it was found that be waa seriously hurt, and- he was at otice takes to ..the thospital, when it was asuertaioed thof ,his skull wns fractured. . ' Uc remaisa in the hospital in a ptoctrioiiflsUite. We undorstarid tKat the howa of th® death ofD'Arcjr'W. L., Murray, ksq, which wo published in Saturday's issue', 'was 'not unexpected byf bjs friends in HobartTown. Mrs Murray's mother/ who is still a reti dent here, uud lately .rccDived intelligence that he was in1 a very ''precariua Rtatf, suffering, from twi?tcd(inrcsfiri(». lie li»(i tbcii lieu n ill for near ly fortiiiglit, iml though butter at the .time he last wrote but little 'hopes were eutertained'of .his ulli mate recovery. The cooperageViii Hobart Town are . :particulu/J3'.,!iiflyi,at lhe present .time, tbo late good ffeYv'g ' from 'the' wfa'aliiiflt ylmving,, given . a |StimuIus to. -(be .tni'ft >. Mr Tuomas Johnstone, .on'jihe p(ew 'Wbatf iB.cxccuiiog an'ordpr for six "vat's to enn- tain 450, gallons each for' M'j1 'Afeirsnder Evans' .Soap AVorksat Lxunceston. ' Some of.'the vats arc. conipleted, and ' ao iaspec- tion oftherii. shoys . iht fine Workmanship ;which.,tbeir C'hstriiotidn displays. Tha timber, used is iiglitwopd. Thpugb there : are three cooperages inLauncVstbD most of th?;heayy work required in that town ii doue in tbistcity;. .i The; funeral of Lieutenant .Bdwprd Bowi n. of1 H. M. 20tb 'Regiaieqt; Hid fAid-dc-c'amp. to His Excellency 8ir George Boxen, Governor of. (Victoria, took pUce 'at tho Proiestant/Ohurcb, New Town. on 'Saturday arternooh. r'( The funeral ,wu attended by a laruc number of.gentleocui including Mr Weld-BIundell, the Private Secretary to; Hia Exccllenoy Governor Weld. The deceased gentleman, who wai only 25. years of age.' had been , staying at Waratab, New. ToWh,'.i for some weeks past, on account of hia health. i r. ; We -underataad :that: at'the'Catbo dral ye-sterday; the collection was in aid of the General Church /Fund, ' b"ut"'we I aorryto usay: that1-' the ambunfjwia I exceedingly racag'.e, considering the pur I p08e-for which it was made. Only abort I £25 was collected. - I A complimentary tea meeting will I ibe given to morrow evening by a number I of .friends, to Mr T. A. /iVeare', at St. I Joseph's ichoolroon), tea to bb pjB/Jbe I 'table at half-past' 'seven o'clock/ Tbo I occasion oi this meeting is that Mr Woan I is shortly to prooeea to England , to rtafly I for the purpose of, entering the ?pneithw» I tof the Komau Outliolio Church. Webaro I no doubt but tliat- th' willbea wg8 I attendance. The Launceston jouraals nnnounca i the-death of a. gentlomun whoae. naBW u 1 familiar throughuui the colony,, the Bcv. I Alfred7 Stackhuude, M IX , who died at bif residence, St. Leonard's, on ThnridaynifW last- From Saturday's Examiner w0 earn that the re.v. gentleman was .in bti earlier years one of the .cbaplains 1 l,. I Kust India Company, and , first visited tba colony on sick leave in 1841, : when be.ditj charged for a time the fperqobiai I the present yen, Archdeacog Baviw, then .Episcopalian .clorpyraan for.-Noiwj Plains and the' surrounding districts. He returned, to India the following M after 'resigning his cbaplaiucy, . came P1 w io this colony and was appointed; to ren®j where heren»ained for eighteen ytara 186(bbe. was sppoioted to the incombewj of Christ Churoh; Lotigford, : the ; QUti of whfch, position ho dificbargpd.'rtfFv® , a year of his death, having bee/ fpnuei io rerign tiixough/i)l healtli, ' 1 / 4 I his reaidi-;ui'e at ,8t. Lr-'Mi'/f?i- f -jr I cJpceasid wns in t!ie65tl' ycat '' H eave/ :« 'witloW ARii ji.ur i;fn' 0 I .saugljier to utou'rit bis to. : I ' The last of the open-air baRtipeT" formncti ettfo'off ob Boturilay IttfMr! at tbe Barracks. ..The weather was fine, but tbe atWbHadcu of 'the Glasses for whose amusement the rband was principally, in— j ujjnWted "fess'' not1 Mitch' Jris ''wri1 should . think will afford sjitisfnotiou to the pro moters. When " we lhd no band, there was a constant outcry. of, what a shamtj that the city vlioulil he without such n neq asary attraction to visitors. Difl:c-ly a band is: got' up, with .consult rubn( jliffif culty,thd growlers withdraw tliei r promised /.patropage jbdiI support. y fV is; slMimx puUtj js just) liVqt Boarti.ThWi.. iji !" j f "We remind lovors-"oft,musU3(U1ul A pleasant cveuhig's amusement, that aii- 1 other organ1 recital 'takes place at thb Town Hall this evening. There is a verv- f;ood programme provided, as tbo fob owing list shows Fun t Asia, Wclyj; Priere des Anges, Davernoy ; Oapricc Militaire Hussarenritt, Spindler ; Andante Oonrtadtei";Wcber ;1'Walik— Holies <e Vienne, Liszt j Lied ohne worte, Mer - delssobo; Fanfare—" I5n Route," S. Smith; Overture— William TelJ, Rossini. ' One of tho' most remarkable instnn- ./Oes the.tfecpndjty,inh dogs „waa, it uaderfour jUotme.u. ddrcUy. Jiist/in th- shape ' of a litter of pups nurabertftg lnktn, tl)e >. mother ;qof yrhich) is tjc' pointer bitch Jimo, /which toofe the itlcst' Srhw iu her class v at the ilUlwiek sh-« r. uno la the property of Mr It. 1'. Turner, the bootmaker of Mnrrny-jtr fet, and isltboc .yeuip< uld,j:JInp sire of t ic numerous family is Scfton, Mr James Cutbbertson's JlwLjit'g' Tbo pups f ri al! of good colour, and their appcarnt c warrunts the belief that they will ma c mWs1','' hefcn luforuv.d by a well known authority >11 pointer dogs tbatjjq ni-vu beard of su ih a large number in one litter of tbo bre'e ! be,0'.e< .00 & nTJiaaoji J The Mormon sorvice at tlio Odd £ d- -is-dmrriHalbytiMi-dsy it- jfl Nrbatlsrantilyaitndedrthfe'heitig'Sfcarc :Iy. d) C fifty pA6ba'hV4iit. Thu;idiscmihe < ie- livercd by Air SWanl2ftlajjl»$td"tit/' novel doctrine, and was .rather an .exteusion of- -.1 UfhUTef Aholp/effioiis'Jibaitf Hc.rgiUd' teoihaffidnebuf fhose who hail sinned agaibst of IhqHbly Ghost ' Wert : 1 Sterna ! ly/ piihlihbd, , uotaa'd'tliat -Heaven Vrts'a'p/acd ;Wher6"ittig-;( jo /natiqn'-was unknOwo,b'ecau$& all'tbe'work- odTof datum showed >tbat1t"ind8t1,hd so'.i/- If a plant Stopped its groWtbV i HftgaP tb'Wither and die, so that it was natural to. belibve tbstGod'ahdall (th'e' inba'iitaivs of blisB were for ever .progessing in gl.ry, j It oftlaMocording'to 'this ids hat tin- just would hd'btoportibhateVyJrewarded and tbe wlck'ed pVinisbid. For instance, a man who died amid the pleasures Jnnd lusts of tbe world woulil be submitted to a train ing for a time commenauate with the extent of his'rin,' aril when in the end he was . ushered . into, -the(|rea1ms of Wis?!' \- tberti'wbnld' Hestich a gap 'between- liisk glory and tbatof those who bnd so long 'a Start of him, that'lin would bo perpetually,' carrying a little .hell.. afput with biin 'in tbe 'sb'Spe1 of remorse, that, keen feeling . which, was then greatest .punishmeut thiit cotildfl'bAtl imposed, , Tbo , mj8«rob'ary" cim- cluded by;Statihg thai God' had 'seui'hihi „ and, hiscoadjutor .to, preach Ihe truth ns f'l f jtwas in Jesnei aodns'it wnajin God'f Jdai'nJ-chand' hc'Sviirbed Ink audience that of.u|n refusing to 'repent 'fhcyWere'coit'tnitr ting.that.sin -whio'i would ensure- their eternal, daranat ion, (yiz,,',sinning agijinst the 'Holy ' GhWu . The servici concludu) witha.bmn.,!,.; or. Jtwqs announced (by authority) in both(Giltbolic OhUrthcs yesterday, that S< Mary's Cutbr.drnl, in view of its threatening oi1..' ,'it6te,'>w6uld be closed' till; the'raltiifati<m and additions propbte'd - Were J-conipldtcd. . St Joseph's .in the meantime !,is to he ilic- <J A AFrcOdtb'ediali obd 1 tlirrcf all 1 provlsimi ' . jrvJ posfeible'W'ill'Ue'inade for 'the iribrilascd, number of tbe conprega'ion. Cateciifsn' tJTOwill be t flight in the achools of the Preach- tation Convent to cbildy< n of both aexAs fceloogibg- tbiiiffcaMalyV 'every Suuduy afternoon at the usual hnur. Wc .Lojic soon to see tbe cathedral rc-npencd in,,-,", new and strengthened state, and nu o'rna- mcntHo1 tbe city. - :-1 ' '1 f . , Mr. "William Howard, the driver of tbe New Norfolk mail coach, has reported at tbe Police SiatiohUbat be has narrowly , escaped, several accidents otr night jtime x'i 1 thituigh 1 the practice of chrmctf and dray men drivin'g without lights ''oh1 the jumiu road between Liverpool-street audi tlic I Raihbow'Lin, New' Tpn. PcrlinpS a little leztrarigUauceun the part of'tbc autliori- «:;<> tiesucay be Wfui W toe pfeveht:itin of an accident.-- -"i ! We ' regret tb hear that a very old and respected citizen, of Hobart Town is- seri ously ill ; we allude to Askin Morrison, Esq., &r.jraany;,,y«8Mj9ne of our leading merchants. " Prayers' were offered tip f r him in St. David's Cathedral yesterday eveniog, and on er quiry at ten.o clock last night, we learnVtbat be was very low; and it was;hot expected that he could survive y, 