! THEATRICAL. ' OUR amusements for the past month have heen rather quiet in tone, and, although enjoyable, there has been nothing of special character to call for lengthy notice. At the Victoria Theatre, the Centennial Burlesque Troupe has continued to occupy the stage, principally in the pro- - duction of burlesque. " Fra Diavolo " had been on the boards for some time as the chief attraction, being pre- ceded by dramatic pieces of more or less merit. The attend- ances of the public have been good. The Theatre Boyal has latterly been the scene of opera, a change that has been appreciated by the lovers of " music. The new Opera Company introduced by Mr. Lazar has appeared in a round of well-known operas, in the representation of which they have been successful. The public support has been liberal, and there can be no doubt" that good music and singing are sure to command large audiences in this city. At the Queen's Theatre, a series of very successful dramatic representations were given by Messrs. Bartlett and Thorn, assisted by Madame Luret and Miss Clara Henderson. The support received, however,, was not sufficiently encouraging to cause the management to prolong the season. In one sense this must be regretted, as the leading artists played with so much ability that the admirers of sterling drama will miss the treat afforded them. At the School of Arts, the Royal Illusionists, those very clever and popular representatives of the magical and mys- terious arts, have opened fdr a short season, and have been well patronized. The performances were similar to those with which the public had previously become acquainted, and which excited so much surprise and mystification. The coming visit of Cooper, Bailey, and Co.'s famous Circus and Menagerie promises something new and sensa- tional in the way of amusement. It is described as a mena- gerie, museum, aquarium, and circus, and is a gigantic affair on the whole. If it should prove at all equal to expectations, it cannot fail to be immensely popular in Sj'dney, and especially so with the younger portion of the commuuity, to which the strauge and huge animals will afford a theme for wonder and amusement. The foliowiug incident, as relating to this circus, -will no doubt be read with interest, as it is founded on fact : " There have been many instances related of the love mani- fested towards each other by the brute creation, but none more striking and illustrative of that love than one that occurred on Juno 2nd, 1876, under the canvas of Messrs. Bailey and Co.'s Circus, Galesburgh, Illinois. All who visited the show or witnessed the street parade, will re- member the bilge old elephant Betsy, that marched with a venerable tread through the streets and around the ring. Betsy is supposed to be at least seventy-five years old, and. for sixteen years has been in this country. She was brought from England, ami with her came a dog, a cross between an English setter and a spaniel, and for these sixteen years the dog and the elephant have been inseparable. Through every State in the Union, by rail and on foot, these two fast friends have travelled, and in sickness and in health they have been all in all to each other. At Knoxville, Iowa, the dog, a few days since, was accidentally run over by one of the waggons, and one of his legs broken. The elephant appeared to sympathise with the dog in its distress, and was only satisfied when the dog was in sight, where sha could fondle it with her trunk and caress it. Yesterday afternoon poor Carlo was compelled to pay the debt of nature. His age was too great, his years too many, to allow of his recovery, and in the presence of his long-tried elephantine friend he yielded up the ghost. The elephant appeared to realise that her pet was dead, aud groaned in a really affecting manner. Thc canvasman of the show took the dead carcass, and carefully sewed it in a canvas, and a grave was dug near the ring. At five o'clock a funeral pro- cession was formed ; first carne Betsy, carrying the dead dog tenderly in her trunk, followed by the four other elephants, all seeming to realise thatthey were about to deposit in the earth a long-tried friend. Following the elephants were ali the ineu connected with the show. The band played a dirge,, and-after marching twice round the ring Betsy carefully de- posited the I ody of the cl.'ad (Jarlo in the grave, and the five elephants knelt, while Betsy, with her trunk, filled the grave with earth, and the last words were spoken. During the entire evening Betsy seemed mourning for the dog, and when asked where Carlo was, she would raise her cars and give utterance to a mournful sound, proving that she felt the pain of parting. During the grand march at the commence- ment of the evening's peiformauce, Betsy, as she came to the grave, stopped, and with her trunk pulled up the stake that had been placed at the head of the grave and threw it away. Charles Warner, better known in show circles as " Alligator Charlie," who has had charge of the elephants for years, relates many incidents of the dog and elephant, proving their love for each other. He says that often when the elephant would refuse to cross a bridge, all that it was necessary for him to do was to take the dog across, pinch his ears so as to make him howl, and the elephaut would at once rush to his assistance. The scene at the funeral was very affecting, and will long he remembered by all who wit- nessed it. The whole affair proves that elephants, as well as human beings, are capable of sorrowful feelings. A MAN was boasting that he had been married for twenty years, and had never given his wife a single cross word. Those who knew him said he didn't dare to. The very last curiosity spoken of in the papers is a wheel that came off a dog's tail when it was a waggin'. The man who discovered it has retired from public life. Quin, the actor, being asked by a lady why there were more women in the world than men, replied : "It is in con- formity with the other arrangements of nature ; we always see more of heaven than of earth." "No, George," she said, in respouse to his question, "it is not true that a string of new belt-buckles in a shop win- dow would make any woman lose a train ; hut," she added musingly, " sometimes she might have to run a little." Out VVest they tell a story of a dog which was greatly interested in music. He attended a singing school, and was subsequently found in the back yard with a singing book in front of him, beating time with his tail on a tin pan, and howling " Old Hundred. " A young woman looking for a situation was attracted by an advertisement for some one to do "light housework." ' She called at the address given, and inquired where the lighthouse was, and if there was any way of getting on shore on Sundays. Why is a dog biting his tai! like a good economist?-Be- cause he makes both ends meet. 