CORONER'S INQUEST, ACCIDENTALLY DROWNED. The city coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest on Monday morning, December 18, at the Family Hotel, Port Adelaide, on the body of William Fitzgerald, who was drowned on the previous day whilst bathing. Mr. J. Bennett was chosen foreman of the jury. Morris Ftzgerald, corporation' laborer, of Port Adelaide, stated—The body is that of my son William. He was 22 years of age, and a bootmaker by trade. Last saw him alive on Saturday evening, when he came into the house and gave his mother nineteen shillings. Heard of his death on Sunday morning. He was in the habit of taking too much to drink. Do not know where he slept on Saturday night. James O'Brien, laborer, Glanville said—I met with deceased about 11 o'clock on Satur- day night,- at the Lass o' Gowrie. He was not quite sober. ; He slept that night at my house, and awoke me a little before six on Sunday morning. We got up, and went to the Club House Hotel, where we had a glass of whisky each. We then went to the Australian's Pride Hotel and had some more whisky. That was about a quarter to 7 o'clock. We returned to the Club House and had another glass in company with Bennett. De- ceased then appeared all right. Shortly after 7 o'clock the three of us went to bathe in the Port Creek. Deceased was first in the water, and swam across to the opposite side— about 200 yards. He reached there in safety, and was returning, when I met him in the middle of the river. When about 10 yards from him noticed that his face was in the water, aud could only see the back of his head. Caught him in my arms and swam with him towards a barge that was in the stream. On the way he struggled a little, and we both sank twice, and 1 was obliged to let him go. After resting for about two minutes on the barge, swam ashore aud told Bennett that Fitzgerald was drowned. Some one went for the police, and on their return pointed out the place where he sank, and the body was found about two hours after. William Burnett, seaman, Said—I had been bathing, but was dressing myself when I saw the deceased about the middle of the river He appeared to be diving. Never met the deceased until that morning. Went tor the police, but met them. Did not think anything more could have been done for deceased. John Harper Reid, licensed victualler, said— The deceased was at the Club House Hotel, in company with two others, about 8 o'clock ou Sunday morning for refreshment. They wanted a second glass, but I refused to serve them, as they appeared to be about half gone. Robert Bird, lance-corporal of water police, stated—On receipt of information, about 9 o'clock on Sunday morning, proceeded with four constables to drag the Port Creek for the body of William Fitzgerald, who was supposed to have been drowned. The body was found about 15 minutes to 11. Saw no marks of violence on the body. Had made enquiries but had heard of no quarrel. Knew the deceased well. He has lately been addicted to drink. Never knew him to quarrel. Was told he had been in the water about three hours. The coroner remarked that the evidence was very straightforward, though sad. There was no doubt the unfortunate man had taken more drink than was good for him, but it appeared very clear that the drowning was quite accidental. The jury unanimously agreed that the deceased was accidentally drowned whilst bath- ing in the Port Creek. Mr. and Mrs. John H. Angas have given the handsome snm of £500 to the funds of the proposed Children's Hospital. . A deputation, consisting of Messrs. A. Hardy, M.P., G. C. Hawker, M.P., W. H. Shar land, G.S. Fowler, and T; Rhodes, waited .on the Minister of Agriculture and Education (Hon. E. Ward), on Monday moruing, December 18, and presented a memorial signed by 99 in habitants of Millicent and 68 inhabitants of Robe. The memorial asked for a mail three times a week direct between Kingston and Millicent, in continuation of the present mail service between Kingston and Robe. The ex pense would only be one-third greater than the present cost via Narraeoorte, and would save 27 hours in the time of transmission. The pre sent route was from Robe to Narraeoorte, thence via Mount Gambier to Millicent, a dis tance of 172 miles,-whereas the direct route was only 82 miles. The memorial was also asked that a four-wheeled vehicle should be placed on the line from Robe to Millicent. Mr. Ward said he would recommend an alteration of the preseut service, from once a week to three times, but the question of placing a f our: wheeled conveyance on the line would require consideration. He would adopt the suggestion made by Mr. Hawker, and call for tenders for the direct conveyance of the mails, even if no tender were accepted. Specimens of various kinds of fruit boxes and packages in use in the United. States of America have been forwarded to Victoria from. San Francisco by Sir Redmond Barry, and are now on view at the Technological Museum. The Argus says:—"The smaller boxes are de signed to hold each one pound weight of straw berries or raspberries, so that the fruit can be carried to market without being damaged. The wood they are made of is pine, sawn down to the thickness of l-24th of an inch, and there are larger boxes, or crates, meant to hold 16 of the small ones whilsj? they are being carried to market. The selection also comprises stronger boxes for holding 4 lbs., 6 lbs., and 8 lbs. weight eaeh of similar fruit, as well as round drums for cherries or figs, and cases for holding 30 lb. weight each of grapes. The boxes are well worthy the atten tion of our fruit-growers, many of whom, especially those at good distances from Mel bourne, have been heavy sufferers through the difficulty of bringing such fruits as strawberries and raspberries to market in a saleable condi tion, owing to their being crushed by their own weight and the jolting of conveyance. They ought also to be seen by band-box makers and saw-mill proprietors, as the smaller boxes are evidently made from wood such as is often wasted in those trades." Mr. Alex. Murray, J.P., who has lately returned from Philadelphia, has shown us a number of mementoes of the Centennial Ex hibition. A "Centennial Souvenir" contains sixteen views of exhibition buildings, &c.;, the whole folding in panoramic form, within covers of a size suitable for the pocket. " Carpenters' Hall and its Historic Memories" is a little pamphlet, of nineteen pages, published by the Carpenters' Company of Philadelphia, giving a ' brief and succinct account ®f its foundation and the proceedings in connection with it which led to the memorable Declaration of Independence on the Fourth of July, 1776. There are Menues of the Grand Hotel, San Francisco, the Com mercial, Chicago, and Townsend House, Salt Lake City. The two former have en gravings of the immense hotels on the outside, but the latter is embellished solely with a beehive. As specimens of news- - papers, there are The Press', of Philadelphia, a well got up, and respectable paper of : 12 pages, the size of the Advertiser; also the Salt Lake Daily Herald, a single sheet, rather larger than the Advertiser. The last article .we have to inention is a neat envelope on a new plan, the only joins being at the ends, which are very neatly united. It is prepared by the Lockwood Manufacturing Company, and on it is printed a catalogue of articles exhibited by the company, viz., paper collar making machines, which turn out from 30,000 to 50,000 collars per day; envelope machines which "run" 120 to 160 envelopes per minute; cutting and folding machines, &o.; These mementoes are all very interesting in their way. : We have received from, the publisher, Mr. George Robertson," The Vagabond Papers; sketches of Melbourne Life in Light and Shade," which at the time of their appearance created a great sensation in Melbourne, and, it Is hoped, trill be productive of much good in the way of supplying information respecting : some Victorian institutions, leading the public to-.take more interest in them, and promoting "necessary reforms. The writer, who assumes the nam de plume of "The Vagabond," visited "in character," and under appropriate dis guises, the "Model Lodging-house," where he passed an uncomfortable night; spent a, day and night in the Immigrants' Homel and escaped next morning from its filth and vermin; passed a morning at the "Hospital," as an outdoor patient; existed for three dreary days in the "Benevolent Asylum;" occupied for a whole month the position of warder, first at the Kew, and then at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum ;" took his meals -at the "Sixpenny Restaurants f and witnessed, in order to de nounce, the abominable flaunting of the "social evil" at the "Theatre Vestibules." These sketches, which, first appeared in the columns of the Australasian, are written with graphic at tention to details, great descriptive power, free dom from all appearance of exaggeration; are distinguished by a satire that is never coarse, and enlivened by a play of humor that is never obtruded in an unseemly manner, or allowed to degenerate into mere frivolity. By the same publisher we have been favored, in small pam phlet form, with the "Speech" delivered by Sir Hercules Robinson at Albury on "Border Treaties and Australian Federation," which we have already noticed at some length in our leading*columns. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the arrangement of sports for the ".twenty eighth" was held at the Pier Hotel, Glenelg. on Monday evening, December 18. There were about a dozen present, and the Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. W. R. Wigley, M.P.) occupied the chair. In commencing the proceedings the Chairman said he had written to the Chief Secretary to ascertain if he would allowa Volunteer Artillery Company to fire a salute, but as yet had received no answer. Mr. Moseley, as an old pioneer, and one who arrived in 1836, before anniversaries of the colony, were thought of, considered that the "twenty- eighth" should he kept up as a public holiday, and as a day of rejoicing at Glenelg. He, therefore, moved that the "twenty eighth" be kept as a holiday at Glenelg, aud in the usual manner. Mr. Simpson seconded, and the motion was carried. The following gentlemen were appointed a committee to arrange the programme of sports and collectthe necessary subscriptions for carry ing these out:—Sir J John Morphett, SirjjWm. Milne, The Hon. T. Elder, Messrs. S. Cornish, C.'Sabine, V. L. Reid, W. Hill, J. Cherry, R. C. Andrews, B. C. Castle, W. R. Wigley, J. W. Parkin, J. Newitt, and C. M. Muirhead, with power to add to their number. The next busi ness was the appointment of secretary and trea surer. Mr. Mair, who had filled the office before, mentioned that there was a balance of £3 8s. 4d. in hand. After some discussion, Mr. Mair was appointed treasurer, and Mr. Wigley secretary. The carrying out of all arrange ments was left to the committee. A case possessing considerable interest to the inhabitants of the locality was brought before Mr. Castle, S.M., at the Magistrate's Court, Stratbalbyn, on Monday, December 18. Mr. Vm. Bowman, a miller; and Justice of the Peace, residing at Middleton, was charged, on the information of Mr. James Rankine, a sheep farmer, who is also a Justice of the Peace, residing at Strathalbyn, with " having on December 6 posted or caused to he posted in Strathalbyn an insulting letter with an anony mous signature." The missive was as follows:— "James Rankine, Esq. Sir—It's not altogether the harmonium that has driven so many people away from our church. The gentleman who went out the first Sunday it was played has been heard to say it was not so much the harmonium that made him leave as the brazen ed-faced hussy's. You can. judge' who he meant. — Modesty." Mr. J. H. Gordon appeared for the informant, and Mr. E. J. Tucker for the defendant. Mr. Gordon, in opening the case, said the information was laid under the 80th clause of Act 5 of 1866\. He had numerous witnesses, both ex peris and those who had known the writing of the defendant for years, to prove that the letter was written by him. Mr. Tucker took a pre liminary objection, on the ground that the Act under which the information was laid had been repealed, and submitted that under these cir cumstances the case should be dismissed. Mr. Gordon, in replying, pleaded a lapsus linguae. The court upheld the objection. The informa tion was dismissed, and the informant ordered to pay costs. Mr. Gordon gave notice of appeal. A fresh information was subsequently laid. To make the matter more intelligible we may add that two relatives of Mr. Rankine sing in the choir referred to, which is that belonging to the Presbyterian Church, Strathalbyn; hence the insult to Mr. Rankine. The Fremantle correspondent of the | Avsiralasian, writing on the 27th of November, concerning the construction of the Western ! Australian telegraph line to Eucla, says:—" Very satisfactory progress is being made with the. telegraph line along our southern coast towards South Australia, and a most able report on the subject has been made by Mr. JVC. Fleming,the superintendent of telegraphs. This active officer lias pushed forward this important undertaking in spite of extreme difficulties and delay caused by the shipwreck of a vessel containing poles and other necessaries for the work. But for the latter accident the line would have reached Eucla Bay by Christmas, and it is not likely to be far short of that place by theeudof the year, for even in August they had poled 500 miles to the eastward of King George's Sound, and erected three stations, leaving a distance to Eucla of some 250 miles, and two stations to erect. Mr. Fleming's report adds much to our knowledge of the country, and he is disposed to think that the coast country has regular rainfalls; He says that from j Israelite Bay eastward he found the nights; and morning, when without rain, extremely | cold, with ice half an inch thick in the i waterkoles. ' The difficulties anticipated | from want of fresh water have not arisen, and where no springs or swamps are found water ..is obtained a few feet under the base i of the bare sand hummocks. As an instance,'1 from Israelite Bay to Point Culver, about 65 miles, it was believed, from all previous in- ' formation, that water could only be found at Wattle Point, whereas water is obtained. every four or five miles over that section.'' This is an exceedingly important observation, and will no doubt facilitate the passage of stock overland. TheremarkswhichMr.Flemingmakes' on the coast natives are; interesting, and he thinks they are not likely to prove troublesome, as far at least as regards the Eyre section, where the blacks are quite wild, and on the ap proach of a white man run to the thickets like kangaroos, and attempts to lay hands on them or coax them have failed. Within 20. miles of Point Culver he has seen the smoke of 30 of. their fires at a time, which fact shows that both game and water must be plentiful. When this line is finished, which will be during the course; of 1877, the communication will be complete; from Adelaide to Geraldton, which is on our, west coast, in lat. 29. deg." Few persons residing in the settled dis tricts.are aware of the extent or severity of the drought prevailing in the interior. We there fore propose publishing some facts with which we have recently been furnished. From a little to the north of Beautiful Valley, some really dreadful country has to be gone .through. No tr ees are to be met with.but only stunted bushes; not a . blade , of grass is to be seen. .Here and there a dry tuft of herbage, which crumbles to dust on being touched, might possibly be found All the creeks are dry, and water is seldom ob tainable. The cotton and salt bushes have a half dead appearance. Dead sheep, horses, and kangaroos; are to be met with at every turn; their carcasses lying rotting on the arid plains, under the burning sun. A.t Willoohra there is some splendid water, but. the feed is very in different, consisting of barley grass. From the Government Well to the Dyke the appear ance of the country is, Jf anything, worse, the, ground being perfectly bare and flat. The kangaroos and emus are almost tame for want food&nd; water, which we t a nile only at the stations. From this place to the Flinders Range, a very inferior description of salt bush—we can't say flourishes, as it only languishes. For miles as you travel no frees or even shrubs are to be seen, but only a- brown, inhospitable, and barren waste. Occasionally fearful dust storms sweep over the plains. The fearful state of things may be^realised from the fact that at Hookina there_ are six or.eight teams waiting for a break in the weather to enable them to proceed with their loads to their destination. The feed they had consumed had been brought with them, and bayinggotjso far they could neither retrace their steps'nor go on, for want of food and water. The mail coach horses are in very low condition in consequence of the inability of the contractors to procure proper feed. The mailman on the Blinman road stated that chaff would fetch JE20 a ton if procurable up the country. From Beltana to Wonoka the country is iu a very bad condition; having a very desolate ap pearance. The horses at some of the stages are so low in condition and so weak as to be almost unable to draw the coach. Frequently the pas sengers have to be ashed to walk, and on one occasion lately the horses " struck," and the passengers had to push the coach to- get it along. The wonder is how, in spite of such adverse circumstances, the mails are carried with such , regularity. The residents in the North have to thank Mr, Jackson for the way in which be carries out his contract, as the difficulties ho has to overcome are really stupendous. At White Well the country has an arid appearance; while at Moralina, where the country is favor able to the production of verdure, there is no water to be fonnd, only dry saltbush. The Western Plains, where some six or eight months ago there was an abundance of feed, there is nut a blade of grass to be seen. About three or four mile3 from Nilpena pretty good feed is to be obtained from saltbush and cotton plants; but the country beyond looks as if grass had never grown on it, as it is just as bare and hard as a macadamised road. At Mount Deception stock is in a wretched condition, and this is not to be wondered at, seeing the state of the country, which bears only dried up grass and a little saltbush. A little beyond this place better feed may be found7 but the patches are of no con siderable extent. The sheep keep the feed down at Teatree Well, consequently nothing . is to be had for ten miles, until §t. Roland's is reached, fifteen miles further on, where there is a slight improvement, although the locality is • dreadfully rough. From here beyond the Myrtles nothing that can be called good feed is to be had. At St. A' Becket's feed is growing among the sandhills, and there are some-rain water boles. The country beyond is said "to be in no better condition. The general cry of the squatter is for rain. There is plenty of water at the Gums, but no feed. The drought, which shows no signs of breaking up, is, we are told, quite as severe as that of 1865. Old resideuts say they never saw the Far North look so bad as it does at present. Added to the waterless and grass less condition of the country is the stench arising from the putrefying bodies of cattle, horses, sheep, and kangaroos. The living sheep are generally in a very low condition, and group about in lots of 20 under a tree or a bush, where they either remain and die one after the other or crawl away to some other shady spot. The sheep present a heartrending ap pearance. The squatters state that unless rain comes soon many of the northern runs will have to be given np, as their losses have been so great. Our Edithburgh correspondent -mutes;— "I am sorry to have to chronicle two accidents which occurred during the last few days, one of which proved fatal. • On "Wednesday, December 13, a lad, 15 years of age, son of a Mr.. Heinz, of Oaklands, farmer, was killed through falling down a well he and others were at work at. I believe an enquiry was considered unnecessary. On Friday Mrs. Vonnida, wife of Dr. Vonnida, had a narrow escape from being burnt to death. Her dress took fire, and but for prompt assis tance from those in the house it is feared the accident might have been a serious one. How ever, I am glad to hear nothing dangerous is anticipated from the mishap, and that she is now progressing favorably." There was a very good attendance at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening, when the* Fakir of Oolu gave, as announced, his last change of performance. After a comic duet by. Mr. and Mrs. Empson, Dr. Silvester ex hibited several clever examples of prestidigi tation; The educated lion Leo, followed by the entranced lady, and the song " Scenes that are brightest," by Madame Silvester, concluded the, first part of the entertainment. Mr. Empson then gave one of his negro eccentricities,, and was encored, and Mrs. Empson followed with the sterling old Scotch song, "Caller Herrin,'" which she rendered with the utmost good taste and expression. She was rewarded : by an encore, when she substituted an Irish song. After Miss Daisy Silvester's witty deli neations of Men of the Time, Madame Silvester sang in her usual charming style, " O, how' delightful!" which was followed by a well-, written and well-acted ghost drametta, en titled " Christmas Bells." The principal parts. were taken by Mr. and Mrs. A Silvester, jun., and the ghost scenes were managed in a way; that fairly puzzled the audience. The ever-, heautiful fairy fountain was shown at the com mencement and close of the entertainment. 