"Customs " of Dahomey. THE annual "customs" 01 uatiomey arc lince in number, tlie So-sin, the water- spi inkling custom, which means iu the Dahoman sense of the word blood sprinkling, the king sacrifices one or two slaves nnd pours their blood on. the grave of his ancestors. This is done as a mark .of respect, and moreover is con- sidered as necessary for their welfare by thc Dalionians as masses for the soul of the dead are by thc Roman Catholics. The So-sin, which takes place about the end of December, is the most curious of Dahoman customs, and is opened, as all African festivals are, by loud discharges of musketry. The victims to be sacri- ficed are confined in a wattle hut, called thc victim house, in the market-place. Each prisoner is bound to thc stool on which he sits, and is prevented from attempting to escape by long ropes fastened to his limbs, and stretched tightly to the beams, roof, and uprights of the building. They are attired in long while nightcaps adorned with festoons of blue ribbons, and wear white shirts decorated at the neck and sleeves with red, with, a large red patch sewn on to the left breast over the heart. The king, escorted by a body-guard of Amazons, walks round the town and examines the victims. This generally terminates the proceedings of the first day, the custom itself lasting three days. On the second day the relics of the preceding monarch are exhibited in a shed in the market-place, and all present pay devout obeisance to them, believing that the spirit of the departed king is present, and that he would fearfully resent any want of respect. Then various dances, symbolical of charging in battle, decapitating prisoners, are performed by the Amazons, the king himself sometimes joining in. One dance follows another in quick succession till a late hour, when all retire to refresh themselves for the exertions of the next day. On the morning of the third day . the king displays all bis wealth, to im- press tlie populace with his superiority and power. Processions of fetish men . ^ and woman then pass before the king, bearing with them numerous small fetish images of clay. These having passed on, the kin^ munificently throws strines of cowries among the crowd to be scrambled for. The mob fight, scratch, kick, and bite to obtain possession of ' _even one single cowrie, and men fre- quently get maimed and even killed in the milde ; but if this should happen no notice is taken of it. More frantic and exhausting dances then took place. At night the victims are sacri- ficed, amid the loud booming of the death-drum and reports of muskets. The j number of men sacrificed in public is about twenty,-and the same number are put to death by the Amazons within thè precincts of the palace, where no man is present to inquire too inquisitively into their peculiar rites. It has been said, though I know not with what truth, that the unfortunate wretches are intoxicated so as to be heedless of what is going on around them, and to. make them die pleasantly. Most of these executed in public are killed simply by decapitation, the king himself generally setting the example by striking off the head of a kneeling victim with a sharp sword. A few, however, are beaten to death by blows with clubs, and are then hung by the heels from a, rough gallows, where they remain for severa! days naked and mutilated ina horrible manner. The human sacrifices which take place in Dahomey are bad enough, but they are not quite so horrible as those of Ashantee ; yet, strange to say, the former nation has the worse reputation of the two, and is considered the more bloodthirsty and barbarous. No doubt this arises from the Dahomey - was, until lately, better known to Europe than Ashantee, and consequently, while the full atrocities of "the, former were published, those of the latter were hardly guessed. The number of human beings annually put to death in Dahomey does not, I believe, usually exceed eighty, while in Ashantee they may bë numbered by hundreds, where also they are sub- jected to greater refinements t>F cruelty, which the victims of fetishism in. Dahomey escape. Contrary to what takes place in Ashantee, where such numbers are killed at the decease of any person of rank, only one slave in < Dahomey is sacrificed at the demise of the persons next in authority to the king himself. The King of Dahomey con- siders it necessary, however, to commu- nicate any event of importance to his ancestral ghosts, and a man or woman is always put to death to act as a spiritual messenger on these occasions. At the grand custom, which takes place at tho^, death of a king, the blood of the slain is collected into shallow pools, about 3 feet square, and this- circumstance may have given rise to the 'story of the " lake of blood," wherein the king's canoe might float, as it is universally acknow- ledged that the early travellers were more inclined to exaggerate than deprecate the wonders they discovered. - Swiag Magazine. ? 