VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. THE CATHEDRAL. The Rev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., will preach a sermon at the 11 o'clock Mass, in the church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond, to-morrow, in aid of the building fund of St. Patrick's Cathedral. The subject which the speaker will deal with is "The Vitality of the Church." There ought to be a large congregation on the occasion to hear the able and instructive discourse which may be anticipated, and the contributions towards the building fund of the splendid Metropolitan Church, the magnificent design of which is now being developed by the erection of the transcepts, should be large and numerous. Some persons are heard from time to time to complain that more rapid progress is not made with the building. Let them remember that the remedy lies with themselves. CONFIRMATION AT ST. FRANCIS* On Sunday last, at nine o'clock, his Grace the Archbishop administered the Sacrament of Confirmation in St. Francis' Church, Lonsdale-street, to 230 children of both sexes. These included fifty girls attending the schools of the Sisters of Mercy, who were remarkable for the neatness and modesty of their attire. All those children who had not already received the name of "Mary" took it on this occasion, and those who had received it at baptism took the name of "Josephine." The Mass was celebrated by the Rev. M. F. Carroll. Before and after confirmation his Grace addressed the children on the nature of the sacrament and the benefits to be derived from it if they corresponded with the influences of the Holy Spirit. TO UNO MEN'S SOCIETY, EMERALt>^n.L. We are glad to state that a Catholic Young Men's Sodety has been formed at Emerald Hill, and that it promises^ most prosperous. Owing to the white t and earnest interest taken in the society by the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, the junior pastor of the mission, it has acquired a large number of memhers, and the number is being constantly added to. The large and well-selected library is now at' the disposal of the members. The meetings are held in the schoolroom attached to SS. Peter and Paul's Church, every Monday evening, at eight o'clock. The following are the office-bearers :— President and spiritual director, Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan ; vice-president, Mr. J. C. Dillon ; junior vice-president, Mr. D. Quinn; treasurer, Mr. J. Griffin; secretary, Mr. J. Sheahan, from whom intending members can obtain any information. CONFIRMATION AT ABBOTSFORD. His Grace the Archbishop administered the Sacrament of Confirmation in the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Abbotsford, on Sunday, 3rd December, at 11 a.m. His Grace was accompanied by the Eev. Father Kelly, S.J., who, in a brief address, explained the effects of the sacrament, or the fruits of the Holy Ghost. The number confirmed was 104, including 15 externs, the remainder being inmates of the institution, belonging to the Convent of the Good Shepherd, (From our Geelong Correspondent.) REQUIEM. One of the oldest and most respected members of the congregation of St. Mary's, Mr. Michael Clark, has recently been removed by the hand of death. The deceased gentleman had been unwell for a short time, but his illness was not con sidered of a serious nature ; and when it was reported that he had expired on Monday evening, the 27th ult., the general feeling was one of painful surprise. On inquiry, the news was found to be but too true ; after the Venerable the Archdeacon had administered the last rites of the Church, he peacefully expired. On the following Wednesday morning, a solemn requiem Mass, for the repose of his soul, was offered up in St. Mary's Church, the Yen. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., officiating as celebrant, the Rev. P. O'Donohue as deacon, and the Rev. M. M'Kenna as sub-deacon, The mortal remains of the deceased were borne to their last resting-place on the same day, the funeral procession leaving the church grounds early in the afternoon. The St. Mary's Total Abstinence Society, of which Mr. Clarke was a member since its inauguration, was represented by sixty officers and {members, who marched immediately in front of the hearse. Mr. Clark was a zealous and practical Catholic, of a quiet and unassuming disposition, but always ready to assist in every good work. The length of the funeral procession testified to the esteem in which the deceased gentleman was held by all who were acquainted with him. Mequiescat in pace. COUNTRY SCHOOLS. It is not alone in the towns and centres of population that evidences of the intensity of Catholic feeling on the Education question are to be met with. In the country districts, too, we find the Roman Catholics as a body holding aloof from the seductions of secularism, and, wherever praticable, erecting and maintaining schools of their own, and competing successfully with the Government establishments. For example, in the Shire of Bellarine, which comprises the tract of country extending from Geelong on one side to Queenscliff and Portarlington on the other, there are two selfsupporting Catholic schools, one at Curlews (Point Henry), and one at Drysdale. The former, which is very efficiently managed by Miss Stowe, has an average attentance of 3G ; the State school built on the adjoining allotment (the distance between both being about 100 yards) has an average attendance of 12. This requires no comment. At Drysdale there is a well-conducted school under the care of Miss Harty with an average attendance of 30. To supplement the funds of this school, a few ladies and gentlemen connected with the Catholic Young Men's Association organised an entertainment, which took place on Thursday evening, the 30th ult., and was an undoubted success. The building was crowded almost to inconvenience, and an excellent programme of songs and recitations was carried out to the satisfaction of everyone present. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'8 ASSOCIATION. At the ordinary weekly meeting of the members of tins association, held on Friday evening, the lstinst., nominations of officers for the ensuing session were received. The following gentlemen were re-elected without opposition:—Mr. P. Wiley, president; Messrs. E. Holden and J. F. Hogan, vice-presidents; and Mr. M. B. Byrne, secretary and editor of " Magazine." Messrs. Hackett and Keenan having declined re-election as treasurer and librarian respectively, the vacant offices were conferred on Messrs. J. F. Hassett and J. Bourke. For the six seats on the committee of management, ten gentlemen were nominated. The next bnsiness ..was the reading of the articles contributed to the December number of the "Magazine." The number was, as usual, an excellent one, consisting of the following articles:—" The Eastern Question," by Mr. M. B. Byrne; " The Educational Report," by Mr. J. F. Hogan; " Eccentric Sketches, No. I.," by Mr. J. F. Hassett; " The Blessings of Law," a satire, by " Parnassus;" " Mormonism as it is," by Mr. J. F. Hogan; and "Scraps of Cynical Philosophy," a spicy .composition, by a gentleman styling himself "The Modern Timon.'' The Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., in criticising the articles, complimented the writers on the general excellence of their productions, and urged upon the younger members the desirability of at once becoming contributors, and thereby acquiring a knowledge of the important art of literary composition. 