Christmas on the Leads. (Written Expressly for The Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) BY J. BRUNTON STEPHENS. OUR late Christmas dinner was over. I am not ashamed to confess, whatever the others may feel about it, that we were all five in a boa-constricted state. Christmas, I take it, would not be realised as Christmas at all, if one did not conclude it with a certain feeling of tight- ness about the diaphragm, and a reckless rebel lion against the conventional restraint of buttons. Pipes, effervescing drinks, and "squatters' delights," on the verandah, were the order of the hour. Conversation had given place to digestive, or indigestive contemplation. Bullocks had, colloquially, cated in. We had exhausted hones. Foot-rot had died out We were each and all of us living in the past; each and all communing with the ghosts of bygone Cftristmmes, which seemed to grow and quiver phantasmally in the clouds that we ourselves were raising. Since in what follows, four of us were little more than merely audianoe, it may seem super fluous to say who, and of what sort, we were. Bst as the general reader tikes but little plea sure in nameless abstractions, I may go so far as te state that we were Maitiand, the philo , aophioal; Hartley, the incoherent; Lambton, the would-be-facetious; Hay, the tacitarn ; and myself—well, let me remain an abstraction. I have sometimes wished I had never been any thing else. Add, in the order in whioh I have > set them down, squatter, surveyor, jackeroo, land- agent, abstraction ; and the reader already knows even more about us than is requisite to the understanding of " Christmas on the Leads." It is particularly necessary to notice that Hay was taciturn. There had even been some hesita tion on the part of Maitiand, our host, about in viting him to join us; all the more as those who knew him best were in the habit of affirming that Hay was always at his wont and gloomiest on Christmas Day. His behavior on the occa sion . I speak of had. certainly justified his .accusers. He had taken his pleasures very adly and very silently. Lambton's jokes had had so little effect upon him that the would-be' wit, remembering Hay was a Scotchman, had suggested (original, of course) the desirableness of a surgical operation on his skulL As the evening wore on, his increasing gloom had in fluenced all of us with a sense of weird oppres siveness, which, along with the other oppressive ness above hinted at, had contributed not a little to the general mood of silence into which we had fallen. Judge then of our startled amasement when the universal stillness was broken by a remark from Hay. And such « remark I And tuck a sepulchural tone! "Thirty yean ago," said he—"just thirty yean ago to-day, I committed a heinous crime." Simultaneously four men took their pipes from their mouths, uncoiled their legs, sat bolt upright, and gaied upon the speaker. " Ob, come—look here— you don't, there, you know—l say I" It was Hartley, of course. "Bound to be a Hay-nous crime, if one at all;" muttered Lambton lugubriously, the ruling weakness strong even in fright. "But, my dear air," put in the philosophical, recovering himself, and hastening to console; " you must have been a mere child. Responsi bility commences with the perception of moral relations. Even the categorical imperative, though undoubtedly innate, does not become developed until—" "Hold hard," whispered the Abstraction. M Look at his eye. This is his hour. Let 'the mariner have his will,' and, by Jove, we'll have a Christmas story to wind up with." And we had it. " Thirty years ago," resumed Hay impertur bably, and apparently addressing his pipe, "I committed a fearful crime. I don't know that you would have called it fearful, or even a crime at all; but in the community of boys to which I then belonged it was looked upon as the most disgraceful thing a boy could do, and was punished "by those set in authority over us with the utmost rigor of the law. In short, I sent a letter to a girl" " Most tragical!" exclaimed Lambton derisively. "But, my dear fellow,—crime !—why, I—me, too—lots !-all of us I" "Physiology," said Maitland, " certainly does not settle the exact age at which the philo pro—" "Shut up," said the Abstraction. "I must go back," continued the narrator, fixing his eye on Hartley, as haying at last found ' the man;' —" I must go back and tell you how I was situated. You cannot otherwise understand the full measure of my guilt. "I was in one of those child-prisons so numer ous in the neighborhood of Edinburgh, called hospitals ; not one of those beneficent institu tions which are so blessed a refuge to the indigent rick, but one of those perversions of charity wherein children are deprived of child hood, and reduced to the state of mere dis ciplined numerals ; one of those architectural displays on which thousands upon thousands are spent in order to render spectacular and monu mental a charity that, rightly direoted, might have created many homes, instead of being sunk in a palatial ostentation, that only made the cheerless life of the interior harder by contrast. M Excuse me, gentlemen," he resumed after a pause, during which he had crunched his pipe stem between his teeth, as if bound to vont his feelings ou something crunchable : " but my bile always rises when I think of that life. ••I was Number Thirty. I had thirty on my shirts, on my handkerchiefs, on my socks, on my brain. Not that I wasn't called by my name, but I was Number Thirty for all that Every time I pulled out my handkerchief—why, hang it all, even yet, though a generation has lived and died since then, I feel isolated among men. I feel myself different from other people. I feel as if everyone must know that I was Number Thirty. " I daresay you think it is a small thing to pule about, but if you had had Number Thirty on your clothes, on the place for your clothes, on the place for your sohoolbooks—if you had answered 'Here' to number thirty at every change of calico for five long yean—you would know what an extensive robbery of childhood's: rights and charms is implied in, and called up by, that same small thing, and would cane hospitals as I do. "I adduce this only as, a representative fact. In a dwelling that was a palace we had no home. The idea of home was driven out of us, not by any cruel individual in particular, but by the institution as such. In all things we were dealt with collectively—except in punishment. By heaven! yes, except in punishment Shall I give you one other typical fact ? Tou wfll say it Ik a trifling one; but, remember, it is typical. I recollect being severely punished one evening because, in a state of exhaustion, I had taken off my boots. It Was a crime to pull off one's boots before the time when all had to do so simul taneously. "Yes, it was the oolleotiveness, the drilled simultaneousness of everything, from the frightened leap out of bed at morning bell to the marching to the wards at night, that took all the child-life out of us. Nor were we safe even in bed from the fury of uniformity. I have been wakened from my first sleep by a cry of pain from some poor little night- shirted victim around whose fingers the cruel thongs were curling, and it has been whispered about the ward when the master had left, and turned the key behind him, that the culprit had sinned against routine in laying his folded jacket above, instead of below, bis trousers. "I was an only child. I had been tenderly and delicately nurtured. I lost both father and mother when I was nine years of age. Then means died with them. With mistaken kindness certain friends obtained for me a presentation to the Hospital. You can in some small measure guess what it must have been for a boy who had been the one idol of a household to find himself suddenly merged in this cruel aggregate of homelessness; to find himself suddenly one of fifty, dressed alike, cropped alike, with the name of the hospital on their buttons, and themselves individually specified by number." "But, my dear Hay," interposed HaHland, "don't you think you are a little extreme in your view of this matter ? Do you think you rightly estimate the benevolent intention of the founder, and the spirit of those entrusted with the subsequent management of the funds? Don't you think, too, that a home like this is batter than no home at all ?" "Perhaps my view tt extreme. But remem ber, I lived the life. You only contemplate it from without I should tell you, too, that we were under a fanatical Calvanistic autocracy. Such outside directors as occasionally visited us saw nothing of the penal phase of our so-called training. The huh never descended in their pre sence, and we were too broken-spirited, too over awed, to think of conspiring with a view to com* plaint. We were altogether at the mercy of paid officialdom. And yet, hating the memory of the place as I do, I sometimes ask myself what might our lot have been, what might we not have become, had some golden-hearted woman, even such an one as we wot of, gone freely in and out among us, bringing with her, in gentle attention to our individual wants, as well as to the general welfare, the revived sense of home-influence, and the atmosphere of a lovingkindness that sought no reward except the happiness of those to whom it overflowed." The Abstraction here stretched out his legs abstractedly, and murmured something about having expected to hear a story. " All right," resumed Hay. " I will cause the loose facts I have narrated to converge into something like relevancy presently. But when I think of those years of unnatural repression, my facts get so mixed up with my feelings—l get so angry at that cruel travesty of charity (I am at it again, you see) that I get almost an incoherent as our—l beg your pardon, Hartley." " Oh, don't mention ; but, I say, suppose now you look at somebody else for a little—your eyes, you see." M And what," he continued, "was the result of this system of child-imprisonment ?" "Give it up," whispered Hartley, who, how ever, to do him justice, had become unusually quiet under the earnestness of the narrator. "Simply what might be anticipated. The chief end and aim of ohild-eduaation Ib to develop tb« faculty of love, and the natural sphere and element for this is home. When children, then, are collected in such number* that home love beoomes a thing impossible and inconceivable, the best self of the child dies out A faculty of hate takes the place of the faculty of love. * " I apeak from what I had bitter experience «£ I never saw children hate as these did. I never saw hatred so systematised. It was a religion to hate the masters. It was a religion to hate and persecute new-comers. It was a religion to hate all who, like myself, showed indications of superior upbringing in manner or accent But the most relentless and inexorable religion of all was—l am coming to it ■ow—to hate the girls. " The first question that was asked of every be wildered new-comer when cast adrift on the raging torrent of derision that awaited him in the play-ground, was, ' Do you like the lames ?' If, in blind imperoeption of what was before him, »nd with the tender recollections of sisterly love fresh in his mind, he was weak enough to answer 'Yes,' his fate was sealed for months—some times even for years; or, at all events, till he himself became sufficiently hardened to figure as • leader in persecution. I had been one of the unfortunate ones who answered according to the dictates of the childish heart, and I shall never forget that shout of mocking laughter as ' Ho earn he likes the lassies 1* passed from one to the «tner to the outermost circle of fiendish faces that surrounded me. " I ought to have told you that there were girls «s wett m boys in this institution, but our re spective compartments were rigorously sundered. Down the middle of the playground, whioh was at the back vt the huge building, ran what was called the Laundry Green, bounded on each side by as impassable fence, which was further forti fied by a thick privet hedge. Only by their votes did we recognise that there were girls playing within twenty yards of us. We met, wtsinly, in chapel and in school. But in the former, even to be caught looking steadily at the girife' side of the room was a punishable offence ; vhile in the latter, though we sat or stood (apart, of course) in the same classes, the system of espionage kept up by the boys themselves, unknown to the masters, was such that the slightest token of friendly recognition passing ' between boy and girl was common conversa-i tionsi property as soon as school was over, and the social impalement of the male party to the offence is something awful to remember even now. Overt tots at all bordering on the amorous were extremely rare, were reported imme diately, and were punished with a severity that sometimes even yet, in unguarded moments, makes me shudder at the sight of a leather girth. " I came at test to believe that any such com tnupication, er even any feelings tending in that direction, were of the nature of mortal sin. How could it be otherwise ? The traditions of the institution, as well as surrounding sentiment, had stamped this natural feeling as unpardon able iniquity ; and what is conscience but the product of tradition and early environment ?" "Yoarn seems to have been the product of a leather strap," interrupted Lambton. " Stay, my dear Hay," said the philosophical; "are you not confusing the occasion of develop ment with the innate faculty ? Are you not T" "Oh come, I say—there's a girl you know was she pretty, eh?—hair—eyes ?" " I am coming to the girl presently. I have only conducted you by this seemingly round about way to enable you to recognise in some degree the daring nature of my crime. "One day, when I had been in the hospital •bout three years, and was consequently between and thirteen years old, a new face appeared among the girls in school. A delicious thrill from my old home-past shot through me as I caught the first glimpse of it. Once more my father and mother were bending over me, making suggestive comments on a toy house I was building, in which this same little girl and I were to marry and settle and live happy•afi our days. I forgot the fiends around me, forgot that I was iv school. I rushed up to her, caught her by the hand, and cried out, 'Elspeth, Els peth ! Don't you know me V " I was Hogged in school, and tortured in the playground. I was hunted from corner to corner with the cry ef ' Elspeth ! Elspeth I' I took refuge in the common playroom, only to be hunted out of it with the same unceasing cry. I think I never saw such universal devilment And yet, religion was the grand and vaunted distinguishing feature of the education in this institution. The bead master was a Calvinist of the darkest type. Sound doctrine and stern regression—the beating in of Scriptural know ledge, and the beating out of the devil with leather, leather, leather, made up his system of trainmg. And the result was hatred, malice, and destruction of the natural child-instincts. Another result was, that from being a Christian boy, I became a worshipper of Moloch." "Good gra—not seriously, Hay,—Moloch fire and children, you know !" " Our friend," said Maitland, " probably speaks of idolatry in a Baconian sense, and alludes te some idol of the tribe or of the den." " Or perhaps her name was Elspeth Moloch," suggested Lambton. "Her name was Elspeth Fairley. Speak gently of her, Lambton. Hunted from place to place, I at last bethought me of a refuge whioh (as I then believed) was seldom or never visited by any of the boys. There was a remote corner j of the play-ground thickly overgrown with ' shrubs, from which rose a lofty beech-tree. A tragical memory of a former generation—a generation with us was five years, the usual period of a boy*B stay in the place—had rendered thu spot accursed in our young eyeu. In years gone by, one who must have been a giant in wickedness, had smuggled in some tobacco, and had perched himself high up in this tree to blow a furtive cloud. Whether or not the new pleanure had overcome him he did not live to telL He was found, a few hours after, at the foot of the tree, with his neck broken. An evil reputation stuck to the place. Few ventured within twenty yards of it Stories of strange sights and sounds clustered rooad it It was even said that puffs of smoke had been seen rising over the bushes, and by many of us the boy was believed to visit the spot occasionally for the purpose of smoking brimstone. " In my furious craving for escape from perse cution, even the supernatural lost its terrors for me. By skilfully dodging my pursuers on the forbidden side of the kitchen- garden hedge, I at last emerged on a by-path whioh brought me unseen to what was fitly known as 'Stoddart's End.' "Breaking through the bushes I oamesud denly upon four of the biggest and worst boys of the school. They were on their knees on the narrow space between the great beech and the outer wall, and were so busily engaged in blow ing a small fire of sticks that they did not hear my approach. Presently when the fire began to burn to their satisfaction, one of them produced a small box from under a shrub, and took from thence a mouse. This being placed on the ground, they then, by dint of delicate manoeu vring with toes and pointed sticks, compelled the poor animal to run through the flame. The whole thing flashed on me at once. Low muttered rumors of Moloch-worship bad for Borne time been filtering through our community. These great spirits had been theologised to the point of revenge, and were playing at a counter religion. "I was busy revolving the matter when I found myself suddenly scruffed, and heard the savage scruflfer hoarsely whispering in my ear, ' Will ye tell ? say, will ye tell ?' "Even then, though I was being shaken almost out of consciousness, the face of Elspeth Fairley seemed to rise before me, and the thought of her suggested how I might turn the unlucky rencontre to advantage.- The individual whose fingers were on my neck was a privileged person. On account of his size and strength he had been promoted to feed the matron's pigs, and in order to reach their residence he had per mission to shorten his route by walking through the girls' playground. "Let me alone," I jerked out, as my shaken head bobbed backwards and forwards, " and 111 make a bargain with you." . . ■ He ceased accordingly, and I took him aside and whispered. In a minute our bargain was made. I was not to tell; and he, in return, was to seek out an opportunity of meeting Elspeth in the playground, and deliver to her a letter from me. We swore mutual secrecy, and I was led back to the other three idolaters, who were duly informed that I was "all right" I was then made to put my hand under the thigh of each—these sinners were choke-full of scrip tural ways—and swear no end of oaths. There* upon another moose was produced, and I regret to state I was compelled to assist at the snbse quent ceremonies. Let me add, however, that I never again went back to " Stoddart's End." " Such were the restraints of the place, and so rigorous the mutual espionage, that it was a month before I got the letter written. Just as I was despairing of «ver getting it done unseen, I wu promoted to tfcs highest class in the scMsL Now it was one of the privileges or duties of the highest class to take notes of tile Sunday sermon in church. I took advantage of the first occasion of doing so to pencil a few lines to Elspeth. Yes, gentlemen, I wrote my Ant—and last—love letter on a scrap of ruled paper be tween the leaves of my Bible. I told her plainly (what was quite true) that I loved her much more than ever, and that as soon as I left that hateful place, I would work and get money, and come back and take her away to live with me in a much larger house than even the hospital, and with a much larger clock over the front portioo. I was careful also to mention that we would settle down to our married life in some place where there were no boys. " During all that month I was exempt from persecution, the idolatrous pig-feeder and his op pagans having given the other boys to under stand that whoever tormented Hay had better look out And during all that month I had pined after Elspeth with a craving for com panionship with her whioh I am sure grown-up love cannot surpass in point of intensity. I could see from the way she looked at me in school and in chapel that she recognised me, and there was an answering fainness-in her eyes that was to me unmistakable. People may laugh as they will about boy-love. I only know that I would cheerfully have given my life for that slight, fair child, What symptom is there in a grown man's love that was not in mine—only that mine was purer and better! Enough; enough ; it is thirty years ago. " What added to my pain was that I oouldsee she was drooping." " Hay-fever," insinuated Lambton; but we annihilated him with te consentaneous look of loathing. " She looked whiter and thinner every time I saw her; and once or twice when she turned her large eyes on me as she passed by me in the chapel on the way to her Beat; holding her Bible to her breast with her thin littJchands, the thought that she might be out .of the hospital before me turned me cold Mm head to foot And at such times—though there would appear to be no logical connection between the two things—l would begin to think that I really mutt tell on the Molochites. M But I didn't And on Christmas Day, thirty years ago, I committed my letter into the hands of the heathen. I had kept it for two or three days waiting till I could get sn envelope. I didn't dare to ask for one for fear of exciting at tention. At last I chanced upon one, old and blotted, which the warder had thrown out of his window, and in this I placed my fervent effusion. " We had a holiday on that day, which, by the way, was an innovation. The headmaster repu diated Christmas as savoring of Romanism, but some distinguished visitor who had looked in the day before, had asked and obtained the day for us. It was carefully explained to us, however, after the distinguished visitor's departure, that the concession had nothing whatever to do with Christmas or masses of any kind. " We had but few treats at that school, and so a little one went a long way. It was considered a delicious break in the uniformity of our daily life to be taken up for a few minutes to the top of one of the two lofty towers which the hospital boosted. These were purely ornamental erec tions ; architecturally, I believe, a great blemish; bat to us objects of distant wonder and awe. Many an hour I had spent lying on my back in the playground, g^uring at and admiring them, and fancying I might, see the whole world from the top. What was more, I had been told by one of the patriarchs of the establishment—a boy about fifteen—that one oould distinctly see from thence the village of Carseton, the place where my happy early childhood had been spent, and I used to think that if I could only see it in the distance 1 oould live and die happy. " It was therefore with the feeling nearest to joy possible in that place that I heard the head master announce on Christmas morning that after dinner the boys of the highest class were to be. taken to the top of one of the towers—the 4 Boys' Tower,' as it was called. 44 Between consciousness of the guilt I had in* curred, suspense as to my emissary's suocess, and the prospeot of a view of my old home, I spent a most exciting forenoon. Shortly before the dinner hour my messenger reappeared, carrying at once sorrow and consternation in the news that ELspeth had been Bent to the sick room the evening before, and that he had en trusted the letter to one of the nurses, who had promised ' not to tell.' "After dinner, as we still stood awaiting the signal to march, the head master entered the dining-room. I noticed he held a letter in his hand. The room and all in it seemed to swim round as I rebovnised the familiar blot on the envelope. 'The poys of the highest class will come with me,' said the master. 'No, not you, Hay,' he added, as I faced round with the rest 'You will go to the schoolroom, and remain there till I come.' "It was all up, I thought; but hardly had I taken my seat alone in the schoolroom than the swimming sensation passed away, and I felt myself at once resolute and reckless. What mattered it what I did now ? All the future wsa a darkness of stripes, and' shame, and derision. I had committed the unpardonable sin, and been found oat I felt sure I would die of it, between pain and disgrace. But I would hate one little gratification before all was over. I would go to the top of that tower, and . look on the place where I had been so happy. It seemed to my boyish mind that if I could only get up there, I would be nearer heaven, and would call on father and mother to help me in my sore trouble. " I stole out from the school. I could hear the receding feet of the others as they mounted up the great staircase toward the roof of the building. I followed quietly, now shivering with cold and fear. When I reached the top of the stair, the skylight through which they had •merged was still open. I put my head out cautiously, and oould see that every back was towards me as, headed by the master, the boys toiled up the long interior ladder that led to the summit of the tower. In a moment I was on the leads, and, crouching down on hands and knees, crawled along till I obtained refuge under a huge cistern, which, had originally been placed there in view of possible eonflagrabou. "It was bitterly cold. I almost repented of my foolhardinew as I lay squeezed in there, with hardly even room to shiver in. I thought those boys would never come down. I could just hear the drone, drone of the master's voice; and I knew as well as if I had been one of his audience that he was expatiating on the pano rama beneath, and gloatingly informing them that all they bow looked upon would one day be burnt up, and that then the wrath of God would be revealed against all boys who, &&, 4c. At length, after what seemed hours of rigidity in the heart of an iceberg, I heard them descend. I waited till the last sound of their footsteps had died away, and then crawled from my hiding place. I chafed my rigid limbs, ran to the ladder, and mounted in an ecstasy of joyous freedom. I was soot on the iron grating that served as platform at the top of the tower, aad then, crouching for fear of being seen from below, I cautiously raised my head over the stone breastwork.  " It was glorious. My eye ranged delightedly from the Pentlands to Arthur's Seat, from Arthur's Seat to the Castle Hill and the Calton, from the wonderful city to the glittering frith, and beyond It to the Ochils bosomed in the clear oold«ky. But on none of these did my view linger. Suddenly I caught sight of what I was in search of. There—it seemed almost within stone-throw—was the well-known belfry; and there, my native village. I even fancied I oould distinguish my own onoe happy home. I gazed on it till tears blinded my eyes, and when I I could see it no longer, I threw myself on the iron grating, sobbing and calling upon those who were not. "But gradually as the renewing numbness crept over my limbs, the sense of the past grew colder too, and I began to think what to do next I had done and seen what I wished. I had called, and no help had come to me. Heaven seemed as far off as ever; and in a dull dim way I recognised that there was nothing further to do but to return and face the consequences of «°y aggravated guilt » "Idescended to the skylight,'intending to retrace my step* to the place ofpunishment, and -there await 4ft* worst The skylight was dosed, and it was the only one I oould see. I tried to force it open, but it was fastened securely from below. I was staggered; for although there still remained the resource of making myself 1 felt a repugnance to the indignity of being brought down, instead of dignifiedly awaiting my punishment in the usual whipping-place. 441 sat down on the leads to think, but the cold was so severe that I was obliged to keep in motion. I crawled to the rampart that over looked the playground, and peered over. I saw that the warder had assembled the boys in line. Presently the head-master appeared, and select ing three of the biggest boys, sent them off in different directions. I knew what it meant. I was missed, and these were the bloodhounds of the law unloosed to scent me out And then, as I saw the machinery of pursuit actually set in motion, there came over me a strange hardness of heart, and I resolved to remain where I was. Certainly the frost- was becoming more intense than ever ; bat would it not be a grand thing to get my death of cold up there, and let them *fad me dead? 441 cannot now recall the method of my child logic, but it seemed to me then that this Would be turning the tablet on them with a vengeance. They would all—masters, boys, and treacherous nurses—feel themselves my murderers, and be punished with never-ending remorse. And that there might be no mistake as to the cause in which my life had been sacrificed, I took from my pocket a scrap of my sermon paper which I had stealthily retained, with a view to future correspondence, and a stump of pencil which I had secreted for the same purpose; and wrote, as distinctly as my shivering fingers would permit,' I die for Elspeth Fairley.' "Remember, gentlemen, I was only a child. " I took one more look over the breastwork. The boys were still in line, and Jhe master was haranguing them—about me, no doubt, and the awful consequenoes of giving way to the inolina tions of the natural man. As I looked, the treacherous sicknurse ran across the grounds towards him, calling out something that I could not hear; at which he stopped his harangue, and hurried back to the house at a paoe I had never seen him indulge in before. I wonder now I did not connect this circumstance with Elspeth. As it was, I thought it might be some new communication about myself, and it only strengthened my resolve of martyrdom. And thereupon, folding my dying declaration on my breast, I lay down on the leads and—fell asleep. " The great clock over the portico was booming seven when I awoke. I was frown to numbness. I dare say I was pretty near martyrdom after aIL But the martyr tpirit was gone. The darkness, and the loneliness, midway, as it seemed tome, between earth and heaven, were unen durable. A great terror came over me—the nameless terror that only children know. With much difficulty I raised myself to a sitting posture. My first spontaneous impulse on seeing the clouds and the dim stars abovQ me, and feeling against my cold hand the hardly colder lead, was to cry out But no sound came from my lips. The cold had seind me in earnest, and my voice was gone. I struggled to my knees, and chafed my hands and limbs, all the while trying to realise where I was, and what I had done. » " Presently I heard the grating of carriage wheels on the gravel in front of the hospital. I crawled as best I could to the other side of th* roof, and, looking over, saw by the light of the carriage lamps the well-known face of the visiting-surgeon. "The forenoon was his usual visiting tima. What oould he want at this hour! I began to tremble with a new form of dread. Was Umc* anyone but Elspeth sick! There might be; but I knew of none. I took some comfort from the shortness of his visit. He opold hard)* have been five minutes in the hoajHiJ, wke»k* reappeared and drove oft Surely whuHW-» was could not be so very ill, when therewj mmkt for the doctor to do. ■/••.../•I "I had not moot time to lay thfe laUsttng unction to my souL Boaroaly had ths «afa»i£ the wheels died in the distance when the* sounded up, through the chapel windows far below, a hundred voices blended in a strain solemn as a dirge—as a dirge indeed it mm. 1 knew it well, and kdew, too, what it tttknt It had been the custom in the hospital from time immemorial, when a death took plaoe within its walls, to assemble the children in the chapel to hear the sad announcement; which waa invaria bly followed by the singing of a certain psalm, and always to the one dismal air. I had myself assisted with my voice on three luoh occasions, and now the awful significance of the sound, quivering through the darkness up to my dreary .isolation, burst upon me with appalling cer titude. "My nameless terror had now a name; and tha name was Death. In my paroxysm of fear I oould see him embodied in the clouds, brooding with outstretched arms over the whole awful sky. I had no desire to meet him now. He was too real and too near. My own dumbness added to my terror. It would have been a com fort to cry out, but there was no sound in all the world save the wailing dirge below. I stamped upon the leaden roof, though I knew that none would hear. I was wrought to a pitch of madness that I verily believe would have led me at last to throw myself from the housetop, when I was seized with an idea, the very bold ness of which made me stand still and lean gasp ingly against the basement of the tower. Mlt may not seem so very bold to you ; but had you been years in the place, and trained to regard the separation between the two depart ments of the establishment as the most sacred of all barriers, you would understand the reck less daring involved in the enterprise of invading the girls' side of the building. This was what I resolved to do. I thought it possible I might either find the skylight under the girls' tower open, or some other means of penetrating to the rooms below. I cared not what happened if I oould only get away from the awful darkness, and the shadow of death. " My heart beat so violently as I crept towards the forbidden ground that I had again and again to pause, and press my numbed arms upon my chest. As I passed behind the great clock, the sharp stroke of the quarter smote on me like a solemn warning, but I battled down my fears and pressed onward. Once beyond the clock, I had done the deed, and might as well go through with it. " I found the skylight fastened down, but by dint of groping from side to side, I came upon another, which I raised with ease. I pushed myself through, and for a moment hung with my hands grasping the outer ledge, when it occurred to me with a fresh shock of terror that possibly my lege were at that moment dangling in the immense chasm between the windings of the great staircase, reaching from roof to basement I tried to get back, but oould not My arms were now powerless with cold. I knew that all sensation would soon die out of my hands, and that in a short time I must drop, and perhaps be dashed to pieces on the stone flags four stories below. In those few moments I went through all the bitterness of death. " Suddenly—Oh God, I was slipping, slipping I An instant, and I was in empty space. An instant more, and I had fallen upon something at once soft and rigid and cold. I sprang from a bed to my feet, grasping in my hand a cloth on which my fingers had involuntarily closed. I fell down in heap in what I felt to be a corner of a room, and fa my agony tried to make the interne darkness intenser still by pressing the doth against my eyes. " When at length I removed the doth, the room was full of light I turned my head. The moon had risen, and was shining in on the white dead faoe of Elapeth Fairley. " When I next became conscious (for I had fainted at the sight) I was lying in a bed in one of the tick wards. Nothing was ever said to me on the subject of Elspeth, nothing done to me in the way of punishment; but, gentlemen, from that day to this—" It was dark when he finished, and we did not ate him steal away ; bat after a few moments the clatter of his horse's hoofs told us he was gone. 