THE NEW DISEASE IN SHEEP. The following is from an article on this subject in the Medical Rccurd of 20th De cember : — Aleesrg. Graham Mitchell and Park have undertaken a very unthankful task in attempting to prove that the disease which has swept oil over a hundred thousand sheep in the Western district is conta gious. These gentlemen are looked upon as alarmistB, if not something worse, for they have touched the squatters in the only tender' part of their frames— their pockets. Fortunately, the late rains have filled the water-holes — diluted the water in them — so that their contents are a little less like dung paste, but still .dung predo minates, but in tbe shape of a fluid very like green peasoup. While it remains in this state there is just a chance that there will not be another out break. But if January and February happen to be hot and dry, sheep owners will have to hunt their pockets a good many times over to find even the ghost of the smallest coin yet issued by the Melbourne Aliut to keep the devil from dancing in them. Thacase, every one must admit, is a hard one for the poor squatters, They have been innocently crowding ten or even more sheep on an acre of land covered with four or five inches of dang— sown it with rape because it grows quickly and therefore is profltable. The animals thus overfed, .inhaling tbe gas from the manure, drinking liquid manure and getting no exercise— it is surprising at least to any one bat squatters that every day from a dozen to fifty of the very best of their sheep, worth from fifteen to twenty.liva guineas a piece, are dead. With an eye to saving, tho dead ones are skinned — no matter whether those who do it become inoculated with the disease — and die or get erysipelas, boils, or inflammation of the lymphatics, and those animals likely to live until they can bo got to market, where they often drop down dead, are sent off to spread off to spread the disease, just the same as a patient suffering from fever spreads it to others. The disease, both stock owners and stock inspectors say, is not contagious. If it is not, then puerperal typhoid and scarlet fevers, smallpox, and a host of diseases depending on blood poisoning — "are not." Blood taken from a healthy sheep cannot produce blood poisoning if injected immedi ately, but ii allowed to putrefy it would act differently. The blood from a fluky animal would be even less liable than that from a healthy one to produce fever, for it is thin and pale, and the red corpus cles do not present more than a shade of pink on their outer margins ; the bile is tbin and watery, and the liver cells are small and filled witn transparent granules. This is quite different to what is observed in ani mals which die from blood poisoning, the result of the injection of poisoned blood. The blood is dark- colored, the white cor. puscles are more numerous than in health, and the red are irregular in shape with fibrinous deposits between tbem, showing the inflammatory nature of the disease. This so-called "new disease" evidently consists in an inflammatory state of the blood, produced by high feeding and want of exercise, and then the iutroductiou of the germs of fever from other sheep, or had water. 