MOUNT GAMBIER POLICE COURT. ^Before Mr. j. Jiimera %(' {Tuesdayf Aiigusi 29.. 5 Jolm/bliaAcswortli Edav Mulgrcdge, ».were chaxged^ith steaUn&a.nlyer; watch belong 'iiig to A: maiTiianiied Cassidy, resident a^Narra coorte. lleftianded till next day. *< WUSLEYAN ;CHUKCH MIL^ LEL.^THIS. jnew place of worship was opened on Sunday last when? the Rev. A. Stubbs conducted two services-the first,~in the afternoon;~on " The intercession OF .Christ,", and thesecond intlie, evening, on " The glorified /in Heaven!There were overflowing congregations both morning and evening'. "An efficient choir of ladies and- gentlemen-frotn-FHE Mount Gambier church led the musical part of the service; Oolleijtions^ere 'made on behalf of the TruBt Funds, and reached £62s. 6d, A tea meeting will be held this afternoon, and a general public meeting in the evening. FIRE.-We learned yesterday afternoon that Mr. Thomas Oates, farmer, Mil Lei, had his dwelling house with its contents des troyed, by fire on Monday afternoon. We have not heard particulars. / - ENGLISH MAIL.-The next mail for England will close at the Mount Gambier Post- Office at 10.30 p.m. on Monday,;September 4i i > - MR. ' DANIELS' ENTERTAINMENT.-Mr. J. J. Daniels sang before a moderately good house on Monday evening in the Institute Hall, and car ried out his programme with success.: His voice retains all its old power and melody, and in the grand, songs that Mr. Daniels selects, awakens the finest sympathies of the audience. The;pro gramme on Monday evening comprised the fol-1 lowing The., village blacksmith, " Pull J away cheerily," "The Englishman," "Siuion I the cellarer,"" "Cork leg," "The Irish emi-! grant," "Dublin bay," "The old Irish'gentle man," M The-.Irish'duel," "The low-backed car," " God bless the Prince of Wales (in Welsh and English), -'Castles i* the air, "The laird of Cockpen," and " Scot's wlia hae." He was equally at HOME'in serious and comic, in Eng lish, Welsh, Irish, or Scotch, and each country mighthave claimed him as its own. His rendering of ' 'The village blacksmith, ' . The Englishman," "The Irish emigrant," "God bless TL^E Prince of Wales," and " Scots wlia hae," was splendid. Mr. Daniels is decidedly the best baritone vocalist that has ever visited Mount Gambier, and his full, clear, melodious, expressive tones, while they excite admiration are . above criticism. Towards the close of the entertainment on Mon day evening he sang Geoffry Crabthorn's apology for "The wreckers of Rivoli Bay," which was published in the Watch of July 29. ; He sang it to the air of the old Irish comic song, " Dick Darling, the cobbler." The local names and associations mentioned in the verses amused the audience immensely, and they gave him quite an ovation. Between each song Mr. Dauiels re lated an anecdote or other story, comic or serious, as befitted the following song, giving i either the origin of the song or an illustration of some national characteristic. Mr. P. Draeger was pianist. Mr. Daniels gives liis farewell entertainment this evening in the Oddfellows' Hall, when he will be assisted by some of our best local talent. It is announced that several fine songs, which he has not given here previously will be sung, THE NEW HEBRIDES MISSION.-The Rev. Mr. Paton, of the New Hebrides Mission, is anuounced to conduct divine service in the Presbyterian Church here next Sunday, both morning and evening, when he will give in teresting particulars respecting the progress of the Gospel amoug the Pagans of the islands. He will give au address to children in the church on Sunday afternoon, when he will ex hibit a number of idols that ouce were worshipped by the islanders. On Monday evening he will deliver a lecture on mission work at the NEW Hebrides. He leaves for Portland next Tuesday or Wednesday. IRREGULAR. MAIL.-The Advertiser says "the overland mail for Melbourne dispatched on Thursday, August 17, was received at Penola too lute to catch the Melbourne coach, owing to a breakdown between Kingston and Narracoorte. This missing the Melbourne coach occurs very frequently. Is it quite unavoidable ?" FOOTBALL.-The return match betweeu the Mount Gambier and Penola Football Clubs is to be played at Penola on Saturday next, Septem ber 2. There will be 16 players a-side. \- LAND SALE.-At a Government Land sale in Adelaide on August 24, Allotment 40, townsliip of Mundalla, containing two roods, was sold-to Messrs. Reynell and lleinecke for £6 10s. The ' highest price realised at the sale was £141 for two roods of land in the Hundred of Minlacowie. OUR Port MacDonnell correspondent in forms us that the wreck of the Countess, sold at auction by Messrs. Townsendj Botting and Co", on Monday last, in Ade laide, realised £150. Mr. Honey, of Ade laide, was the purchaser. It is believed the Countess can be got off. WE learn that the Ardno West Station has changed hands, Mr. Saunders of Geelong being the purchaser. The price is said to be about £10,000. THE Apsley Show passed off quietly. Messrs. John Robertson (Plains), and John Riddocli (Yallum) were very successful, and took all the principal prizes (in sheep) for which they com peted. HOUSEBREAKING.-On Sunday week, whilst the inmates were at church, the dwelling house j of Mr. P. McArthur, of Greenvale farm, was en entered and ransacked. The burglar, who is believed to have been a boy, broke one of the panes of glass in the bedroom window and se cured admission in that way. The only thing missing is a ridiug whip that was lying on the window outside. CAPTURED.-Yesterday P.T. Davies arrested a mau named John Cliarleswortli and a single woman named Helen Mulgredge on a charge of having stolen a watch from a Mr. Cassidy at Narracoorte a short time since. Cliarleswortli picked the woman up at Narracoorte and she accompanied liitn to the Mount, it is said under a promise of marriage. They were remanded till this morning. It is probable they will be remanded to Narracoorte. Cliarleswortli is the individual who played the ghost on the Lakes and in Claroville some 15 months since, and is known by the sobriquet of " Big Sydney." THE PLOUGHING MATCH.-To-day will be a gala day among ploughmen. The annual con test for the honors offered by the Agricultural and Horticultural Society takes place on the. Cave farm. It is believed a large number of ploughmen will enter the arena. The Champion . Match is to take place to-morrow. It is to be for a prize worth £21, one half of which will be a silver cup. MK. INGHAM has called and shown us the description paper: sigued by J. Thompson, Claraville, when registering his dogs. They are there, described as travelling dogs ;jand it was under the supposition tliat they were really such, Mr. Ingham says, that he registered thein. He does not think it fair that the Couiicil should assume that lie obtained the money under false preteuces. Mr. Ingham asks us to publish the following letter he has received from the Com missioner of Crown Lands" relative to the alleged illegal registration of dogs :-" Crown Lands and Immigration Office, Adelaide, August 26, 1876. Sir,-I have the honour by direction of the Commissioner to inform you that the Corporation of Mount Gambier reports that you haye registered certain dogs intended . to be kept within- that Municipality, and I am to request that, if such is the case, you .will supply me with a list of the dogs so registered, in order that the Corporation may be paid the fees to which they are entitled. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, H. J. ANDREWS, Secretary." THE VICTORIA ROAD BOARD met here yesterday. The business' was unimportant. .The tender of Messrs. Kelly and Cameron was accepted for some road work at Penola. Some dissatisfaction will, no doubt, p be felt.by con tractors at the action of the Board in declaring some of the tenders for this work informal, owing to their not being accompanied by samples of stone. This'was not required by the specifications or advertisement, though at last meeting of the Board. a resolution .7 was passed that samples of stone should accompany each tender. The resolution I3 a very proper one, but under the circumstances the Board, we think, was not justified in, making it over ride the specifications. . Efforts are being made for. the establishment .1 in Adelaide of a' Maternity ijospital. . 