Wttll WHICH IS IKCORTOBArBD THE LAUKCESTON TIMES. Fudav, AroosT 11th, 1870. 'The duties of Old England to those Now EligUuids which she is plaiitini! must bo accurately donnod and thoroughly understood, uthorwiao men will not leave the country. ' We find this sentence in an article in the Westminster iim«' for April, entitled ' Our Colonial Empire.' The article is baaed on on address de livered on tlie 5th November last, by the Right Hon. \V. E. Foratar, M.I'., Ui the members of thu Philosophical Institution, Edinburgh. This contains the views of a thoughtful, liberal- mindad, energetic statesmen, who, in dealing with an appa rently worn out subject, by hU originality of thought and expression, presenU it in a new and interesting form to the public. Mr Diaroeli, in concluding his speech upon tlio Suez Canal in February, aaid in reference to tho poople of r^ngland : — 'They aru sea-sick of the silver streak They want tho empire to bo maintained, to bo strengthened ; . they will not bo alarmed even if it be increased.' The proposition of those philosophical poli ticians who represented that tho colonial empire of Great Britain was an encumbrance, and the cause of danger to the parent State, never met with accept ance in England, nor in any of her I colonies, and it ia rc-auuring to find the Premier thus indicating the bent of the public mind on the subject Colonies are not to be oast off whenever it may be sug gested that their connection with tho mother country might, in tho ovontof war, be made a means of weuuding thu latter by lie spoliation of her colonies. It is no ground for separation that the colonies may bring England or vice versa at some future time into txoublosomo and costly wars. If war should be declared against England, Mr Forater thinks, and correctly, that tho colonies would rally to her aid. Instead of being the cause of war, we inay look forward confidently to the federation of all English people as the means of securing a lasting peace. ' With the cowardly arguments set forth in favor of separation,' says the writer of tho article, ' we have no sym pathy. It is true wo are on the side of peace ; it is true we hold that this country ought to bo ready to make innumerable sacrifices before she goes to war ; it is true we tee little reason in tlie arbitrament o» arms, and look forward to a timowlien between civilisod nations, as now betwoen cultivated men, physical force will be regarded as irrelevant in all disputes— to a time when national wounds will be healed by the application of right, instead of rent open by the cruel fingers of might. Why differences amongst nations should be referred to the lower court, of force, while differences amongst men aro referred to courts of law and reason, it ia impossible to say ; but a time will come when the ambition of foolish kings cannot be made a pretext for violence, when nations will blush for their footpad fcarocr on the highway of tlie world, and when Governments will be ashamed to be the only unpunished thieves.' This is strong but reasonable language, and the wonder is that mUliona of men submit to be the puppet* and slaves for sacrifice of ' fooliah kings.' But whether war or peace looms in the distance, the tie which binds the colonies to the mother country should not only re main unbroken, but daily grow in strength. Burke in his day said— ' My hold of the colonies is in the close atfec tion which grows from common names, from kindrod blood, from similar privi leges, and equal protection. Those are ties which, though light aa air, are as strong as iron,' and Mr Forster says ' ideas are the rulers of the world,' and it is asked—' I» there Dot then a sufficiency of ideas in common between these our travelled countrymen and our selves to unite us in one community ? Is not the liberty we have given them as dear to thorn as it is to us 1 Is not the vigor and energy and zsal and enterprise which they have carried hence into better markets something they aro as proud of u their English fathers! Are we not proud of thtir prosperity, their strength said wealth I Are they not proud of our aoUievomenui in science, in literature, in art I Will they not in time, when they have earned their leuurablo class, be bound closer to us in the common glories of the victories of tho brush, the chisel, and the pen, and will they not ho glad to trace their literary genealogy from tlie great men of this our country, and be con nected with us more closely in the ties of common truth than in those of kindred blood— 'ties which, though light as air, are as strong as iron. ' ' Mr Forster said, if asked what kind of federation he would propose, ho would reply—' I am ready with no proposition.' But he pointed out that it waa the duty of England to do her utmost to strengthen and nurture her colonies in their social, their political, and commercial relations. There must be common allegiance, common nationality, and common political rights, and besides these, mutual relations with foreign powers whether at peace or war. Thero must be somo common principles of action, some common orticUs of political creed, and some meuu by ithieii the independent action of each of tbe colonies may be regulated and conformed to tlioso mutual principles aud beliefs, otherwise the union would be a sham. He does not despair of sou» general tariff for the empire, and that bated on the eiktlng fiscal policy of England— 'Customs levied upon as few article* as poasibla, with a corresponding excise.' We fear the rc lisation of that tariff is still far distant. Mr Foretoc urges that British children should bo taught to know something of the geography of the colonial empire, the object Doing to bring about an iuterest in the colonies, and a sympathy greater than has yet been felt When the proposed confederation is effected Attacks upon any part of the empire would be reten^e4 And resisted T)y the whole force, anda wrong do&eto;^o/oftliecolonial sub jects would be dealt with as a wrong done to js British ?ubjatt as pttonusnt. MrFor.tefsaflHtais'aWlihe irUtle com. menting upon it ummiik* interesting. AH phases of Ahe taI'''*! question deslt Milk we handled with rare ability, and tiie «rgnra«ht( are numerous Mid strong in favor of a still closer alliance between Old England ?Md the M«w Englands— the Greater Briuins— she is planting'tljttiugh, out the world, RaILWAT SlDELIKO AT ClAVELiKll.— A correspondent from this place writes to us complaining of the great Inconvenience felt by the residents of Cleveland in having no sideling (bere, and in consequence all goods consigned U- them have either to be left at the Forest or Ukcn on to tuo Corners, thus entailing a considerable addition to the amount of the freight, as tbe carters charge 5ti a load from tbe Corner* lo Cleveland. This, our correspondent says, is not as It should be, and he bogies that M the powers tbat be' in counectiuu witb the Main Line ltallwav will see to It before long. He also odds that tbe Maujuarie Road Trust, In tleir ot tbe election of a station at Cleveland, has rlcari'd n road f rum tbe Hacquaric River to tlie railwu)-, but wblch is at present of no earthly use, fur the simple reason that goods cannot be delivered there. St. John's HuitKDLT &0CIBTV.— A meet ing of tbe members of this newly-farmed society was held In St. John's schoolroom on Wednesday evening. It was largely attended, cberc being orerooe bundrcd per sons present. The president, the Itcv. M. It. Urott-nrieB, presided t and the secretary. Mr Gcorpc Drown, read the minutes of Die last meeting:. The rules, wblch arc similar to tbe St. John's Friendly Society in Hobart Town, were then read, and, with a few alter ations, adopted. It was resolved lo register tbe society under the Friendly Societies' Act, and three trustees— Messrs A. Harrar,, John Murphy, and W. Hart— were ap pointed. Tile society la of an unsccUrlan character, and great interest seems to be taken in It, as some 134 members bsic already joined It, and It Is expected tbe number will soon be larzely increased. The SouriiHtN Tasmanian 1'oultuv Sociktv's tiliow.— On Wednesday evening Mr J. W. Israel, acting on behalf o£ tbe Hobart Town l'oultrv Society, whose annual exhibition comes off. on the 23rd aud mil instant, received tbe entries from northern exhibitors at the Crilurion Hotel. Tbcsc amounted to 05, vli., poultry, 31 s cage birds, 16 i and dairy produce 18 entries. The grand total as transmitted from Uobart Town by Mr Chapman, secretary of tbe society, last nigbt by telegram is 08!, via. Poultry, SBO; pigeons, ISO scage birds, 110 ; aud dairy'produoe IBS entries. Tost entnea may be received within seven days of tho opening of the exhibition ou payment of extra entrance fee, and ibis will no doubt swell the total to over 700 entries. Tim Fakir or Oolu.— Our old friend Ur. Sylvester, tbe Fakir of Ooolu, bas recently opened a new season at 6t. George's Hall, elboume, which promises to be very suc cessful. The hall has been newly fitted up and decorated, and the leadinf attraction is a sensational mclo^draina, ' The Haunted Castle, or tho Great Wager of f5OU,' the special work of Mr Garnet Walch, the well known literary secretary of tbe Athens»m. The piece Is altogether one of tbe most remarkable that bas ever been produced In this part of the world.as tbe -fro»alia jitnrumr. Is oiadc up almost entirely of supernatural characters- denizens ot tbat world Intneru) confined to the limits of children's siorj books The plot ia simplicity itself. Major Shrapnel!, an English offlccr, wagers £500 with some of his sporting friends tbat he will sleep a night In an old ghost-haunted, deserted, and ruined castle. Arriving at Ihe castle, h« lays out his pistols and sword, lakes leave of his guide from the nearest habitation, fully a mile away. He settles himself down to read ' one of tbe best anecdotes told of Artemus Ward,' but gcU to the second line only, when he it Interrupted by sundry consctcncetstrickcn bats, wbu flit acroe* Ihe chamber. Finally, after several futile attempts to read, bis candles are eitiu Bulsacd, and the next thing the audience sees is the flame of the candle floating about in the air. Not tbe caudle, nut only me flame. Matters are getting decidedly uncomfortable for the major, when suddenly he is confronted by the apparition of a monk, who solemnly abjures the bold mortal to leave while be is safe. Tlie major says he will see the ghost of the holy friar far enough lint, and then ibe apparition suddenly changes into a furious Mephlsto ptaoles, who makes several bestbeniab pro posals and vanishes, after he has been run through by the major's sword. Then came a sprite, in charge of tbe orthodox chests of sold j then Ibe guosts of the lovesick maiden and her lover, all of whom were perfectly invulnerable lo steel and lead. The major'a hair assumed a perpendicularity quite foreign to its habit, but, undaunted, he sticks to his self-lmpoied task, and Anally liis ghostly visitors all pas' away, and the raaior wins bis wager. The dialogue is well written, but the Illusions are bewildering, danllng, maddening. Tbe entranced lady, the Fairy Fountain and other illusions are presented in improved style, and the enter tainment altogether ts a great attraction. The South Yarr* Silvrb Pi.itk Hourebt ? Detective Uartney.of Melbourne, arrived hers yesterday from Hobart Towu witb a man named Stephen Johnson In custody, whom he apprehended at Hobart Town, and charged him at the l'olloe Court with stealing a quantity of silver plate from the residenceof Mr Charles Croaker, of South Varra, near Melbourne. Detective ltarliwy and he will leaven rralr for Melbourne by the steamer Derwent to-day. Mrs Scott Sidimss— We are informed that thia talented lady,-bo is now delight ing crowded audiences at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, contemplate! visiting Tasmania in a few weeks, when sbe will probably gife a short series of dramatic readings. A high class entertainment, such as Mrs Siddona is capable of presenting, woold, we feel assured, be highly acceptable to the public of this colony and conld not fail of success. As Old STAur BavIssnKD ? The four pcuny stamp, first issued [n 1809, and subse qucntly withdrawn from sale when tbe inland postage was reduced from 4d to 2d, has been rc-iesued but bears a different color. It Is now what is called India yellow. The recent change in tbe rate of postage via Brindisl will make this stamp a useful one in the absence of an elgbtpenRy stamp. In. slead of two of different values, two stamps can now be taken oft the same row or sheet of stamps, saving time and trouble to tlie clerks selling stamps and inconvenience to those putting tbem on letters. PaoTEcrlvR Dott ok Mkat — The most objectionable items in tbe Tasmanian tariff are those which place a protective duty on all sheep and cattle imported, thus allowing local grsflers to almost monopolise, the supply of tbe meat market and to charge eiorbitant prices. We find some leading men in F.nglaud acting in an opposite direction to this antipodean piece of over legislation :-The Whitehall Rreiem (a new London publtcatlon)says : — 'Compared with its value a century ago, Uie EnglUli sovereign is not worth more than 16s. Everything in the shape of food has in creased at a rate which terrifies the aajari.il and professional classes, and more especially has meat reached famine prices. This it is which has led to the formation of the General Meat Co-operative Supply Association, with a capital of £75.000— the Rarl of Uardwicke and Lord Lurgan as patrons, and Mr Standish Grove Grady as chairman of Ibe direction. The association, by buyint at first hand, promises to sell tbe meat -J or fid, aud even mnre , under tbe price per lb. which the purchaser has to give at tbe sbopi.' DARErAccn IlonnKEV. — On Tuesday evening last some actire thief manaied to walk off undetected with a half-chest of tea which was placed with other gooda at the door of Mr Kvan Roberta' grocery establish ment, at the corner of George and 1'uUcmon Streets. Daeiar. — Tt Is Intended to hold a bazaar In Deoaniber In aid of Ui« fund for building a new church at Perth, and the ia.-w|-cn»Uo» of all who sympathise with the movement la solicited. A list of the ladles of Hit com mittee, who will be happy to receive dona tions at articles, will be found ia another -foam At L^-Tbe return maUbbttvompui and preunl pupllaof the Lapncnton Church Grammar School and All^Coniers is to come off to-raurrow ooibs Windmill Hill, |ilsy to commence at it o'clock. The prevlaua match was won by All-Comers. ? Tn ifurao.— Mr GrifJen, formerly' of the Stanhope Tit) Mining Cotnpsnr, Mount Bi»choff, nis'been appointed manager of the ltuby Flat, tbe Tamnr, and tbe I'earl tin mining companies. Tl« claims of the tbree companies named are nearly togclhcr at Lcmrwind, lUogaroonia. TaWAKIAK AdaiCOLTURAL AND PiSTORAL SooitTr.— Tho sacnlary of ibis association, MrGco. W. Dodorj, reouafa l.ratdprssid other gtntiemen desirous of offcrlni special prices »l the forthcoming show, to be held OR the S2u« and S3rd November next, to com wonicate particulars to. blm. Tjamnv-'MrC. D. SnUivan, Nine Mile Sprlnltal in.iles tenders up to Wednesday next for the erection ot a araaaon uhnolhouse at that place, labor oaly; Bpoclicatioua can be seen at the office of Ibe New KaUve yodth Company, York street, or at tbe Nine Mile fis rings. LArmcEsroKBEKEvrjLkKT BorjiETr.— Re- tard io[ H« Dumber of penons relieved Action against an Insurance Company .- In the Supremo Court on Saturday, the Argus eavs au action was tried In wblch Uie Derwent and Tamar Assurance Company was sued by Messrs Bpenco Brothers on a policy of Iniuraucc for £ 1000 on tho barque -?leniry, which was wrecked off !ho Isle of WiBht In Feburary last. The barque bud 'cen loured In September, 1873, for 14 mouths, and this policy was subsequently renewed UU 3Ulh Jauuary, 1876. On the day bcfoM the expiraUou of the policy, according to tbe story for the plaintiff, It was renewed for another year. Uut accord^ ing to the defendant's version the policy waa to be renewed only on condition that Spence Brothers simultaneously gave a promissory note for tbe premium t aud that as plaintiffs .luclinud lo do business on thcau terms, no conlrucl had becu entered into. Thu jury accented the defendant's version of tbe transaction, and gave a verdict for tbe defendant. The Wllliarastown Gas Company.— The shsreholders uf the Williamstown Gm Company held llielr half yearly meeting on Friday evening last, Mr Deninster, chairman of tbe board of directors, presiding. Tbe report submitted by the directors to the meeting referred in terms ot satisfaction to the half year's work. There was a steady increase both in the number of consumers und the quantity of gas consumed, and tho results financially had been equally gratifying. It was proposed to devote £105 to depreciation of plant, mains, rvices, und meters, to apply £75 to the reserve fund, and from the balance of £496 still rcmainlug to pay a dividend for the half year at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum, In juldJlion to a bonus of 1 per ccut. During the half year the directors Lad offered for Kile 15(111 shares of tbe new issue, at a pre mium of li cd per share, and more limn double Ihe requisite number of applications bad been received. The directors had further reduced the price of gas to 10s per 1000ft., cosh within the month. New purifiers, lately ordered from England, are now being got into position, and it Is intended at once 10 add more condensing surface. The report and balanc sheet were adopted. [The popu lation of Williainstewu is about 7500.— Hi). C.GI Uglily Defrauding theltellcof Barbarism. —In tbe courBC of Ibe debate on supply. In tbe Legislative Assembly, ou Uie zud inst., the frolic savs, Mr W. C. Smith said, among otber things, that there prevailed a practice of sending out machinery for steamers to Melbourne, in bond, and afterwarjs tran shipping It to Tasmania, in order to cheat the Custom House. He knew of four such instances, in wblcb the duty evaded amounted to £3000 In reply, the Attorney - General Interjected, 'There's nothing done that the Government could Interfere witb. There is no case.' The matter having been left so, many readers of the Parliamentary proceedings must have fouud it somewhat difficult to understand. We can explain in t few words the true sutv of the case by describing what happened a few weeks since lo tbe excursion steamer Williams. New boilers for her were imtiorted sometime ago, and Sited into her, under bond, no duty having been paid. When ready for sea she proceeded to Waralah Bay on a real or colorable expedition in connection with cer tain limestone doposita.and from Western Port she ran across the Strain to tbe Klver Mer sey, entered her boilers as a free import into Tasmauia, paid wharfage rates on them, and a lee for the hire of a Government crane to land boilers that there was no intention whatever to remove from the ship, Sbe then cleared out for Melbourne, and on arriving here her boilers were exempt from duty, iuasmuch as they formed part of the equipment of the vessel. Tbe obligation exnresied in the bond given ou account of the boilers was simply tn the effect that they wonld not be lauded for consumption in Victoria, which It Is highly improbable tbat they ever will be. Should they ever be taken out of the Williams, and Bet to work ashore, say In a flour-mill, we presume tbe Custom-house ofliccn* could get at them, but this is so unlikely to happen that It Is scarcely worth taking into account. Is not thla a curiouB piece of business altogether ? When business men can evade Ibe revenue aud snap their fingers at the Government, an excellent jest is perpetrated — excelleut, that is, for the business men. Hut bow of the poor taxpayer who is defrauded, aud how of lite colouial maker, »bt-m protective duties have so signally failed to protect 'I Uut this Is ouly one more Illustration of the futility and folly of tlie protective system. Jim Ashe again— The chief commissioner of police lias, tbe Argus says, received a commuutciLli'in from tbe police authorities of New South Wales with reference to Jim Ashe, who is now In Ballarat gaol uoder sentence of death for having committed tbe Hurrurnbect outrage. A similar crime waa committed in ltivcrina some time ago, the perpetrator of which has not yet been discovered, but from the publiahed descriptions of Ashe the New South Wales police are of opinion that he Is the man whom they have been on the out look for. Capuln Staudisb, In replying lo the comimiuication, has suggested Uut an officer should be scut from New South Wales to Identifr him as the offendor in tbe Itlvcrina 'case, as the question should be settled whether the extreme penalty of tbe law shall be cirried Into effect or not. A Leading Actress Fined— Miss Clara Stepbeuson, the leaJing lady of tbe dramatic troupe uow playing at ibe Adelaide Theatre, in summoned to the Police Court, on the 27lb ult., by Mr F. Towers, the theatrical manager of Uie company, on a charge of having failed to fulfil her agreement with him. It appeared from tbe evidence that on Ihe evening of the 22nd ult. sbe wss cast to play Ihe port of Telic Doe in the drama ' Nick of tbe Woods.' She was not perfect in her part, and omiltcd one whole some, and tbe play was consequently the reverse of successful. It wss also complained tbat she refused to release the actor who played llolanil Forester. His part required that he should be bound to a tree, and that Telie Doe should release bim, but this she refused to do, and be had tn run off the stage amidst ihe jeers of the audience. The Bench found Mlai Stephenson guilty of wilful neglect in carrying out her duties, and fined her £1 and costs, £6 10s in all. The Advantages of Vogelism.— Amongst otber outcomes of tbe political position, aays a correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, bas been a masterly defence of the Premier of New Zealand, by some writer under the sign of' U.S.1 who. Uking as his tent the term, ' Vogelism,' to the use of which in our political arena I have before alluded, attempts to show that Sir Julius, so far from having Involved New Zealand in hopeless embarassment, has been in fact, its saviour. He asserts tbat when Mr Vogel first became a Minister, the country was kuec deep in the Native war, kept a standing army, and a costly contingent of Imperial troops, and that after his accession to office as Premier, there were in existence some six or eight millions of war debentures. As a sequel, if not as a result of the gigantic loan, which forme the leading feature ot the history of his administration, bis defender claims for your great politician that— I use tbe word* of the writer— ' Instead of wars anil rumors of Native outbreaks, tbe Maoris arc competing with Ibeir native neighbors 1° trade, farming and other pursuits. The country hitherto inaccessible lo the white is gradually pushing his way to ihe interior i tbe European settler is now next neighbor lo, and on friendly terms wiUl, his former savage Walkalo enemy, and alt tbts in con sequence of what we are led to believe is Vogollsm.' Oito«m is Lirr. — Dr. Bbioiit's Puos rilonvNg. — Multituuks OF Proplk are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complain'*, Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity, Indigestion, Failure of lloaring, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Poirer.&c;, vbnsc cases admit of a permanent cure by the new remedy PuosrnoDVKK -Or.onic Oxygen), wblch at once allavs all Irritations and excitement, unports new energy and life to the enfeebled const|lut(op, and rapidly cures every sUge of these hitherto Incurable ant) distrusting maladies. Sold by all Chemists and ljrug glsts throughout the Olobe. tsT Cadtior. — The lar»e and Increasing demand tor Dr. Bright's Fhosphodyne has led to several Imitations under eomevhat similar names ; purchasers sflhit medicine should therefore pe:careful to observo that each case bears tbe English Government Stamp, with the. words, Dr. Brigbt'a phosphodyne, engraved thereon, and tbat Uis same wordsare also blown In tbe bottle. Kvery case bears tb.e trade mark and signature of patentee.— [Aovt,] , Hank T-r«nro-,B«n Mir«rcu»«--Thc musical public and (tncral readers are an: Honed oot to purchase WcsnVs Wlrard Oil and Magic Pillt.withoutcarefully examining tbs ouuide. wrapper— «nd heaute that the words ' Nona Gikoinrj without the Sio aurmts or toe Paormrroa.r-FjtiiiK WraWK, Slum*. N.8.WV »» engravau Uiereon, Anyptheriid-pAtwprejiaraiions of mine, are qnauthofiaBd ,by me, and ralpu, lated to mislead1 Uie public. Signed, Flu** Webtor. Price, balf-a-crowt).— [Advt.] When ' a murder .his ' 'bran committed, evttybbayteads the papers. They want to be excused from Jury duty; 