^ W0MA3TS RANSOM. By F. W. Robxkson. * Is it worth while ; is it necessary?' ? If U come to a good deal of money, I'm told,' said Mrs. Bar; 'you oughtn't to be too indepen dent. And if you're afeard to be here all alone for a week or two, }Irs. Gear, why there's good lodg ings at the Berry Inn. At least there was when I kep it.' : ? on, may 1 «omewitn you. canine r ' If you will. If ttere be any necessity for a long stay there. But -we will talk of this presently.' ' All, don't take up people's time by a lot o' non sense now. There's my horses catching cold in their incides all this tiin' I'm waiting here. . But— but,' looking very anxiousiy towards aiy wife, ' I think I'd come with him and bring your best dress with you. There'll be a rare house-warming when the room's done; Lett j 6 ?coming out as the governess calls it— as if she hadn't been a-coming out, hot and strong, all her blessed life! Ye8, yes,' with a stamp of her stick on the floor, 'we shall have a grand party when the room's done, and there'll be a crowd of line peeple to attend the old woman's feast much as they turned their noses up wiibd i was puor. * Did I turn up mine ?' asked my wife with a 'smile. ?You hadn't sperit enough; you were kep down under your brother's thumb, and hadn't a soul of ' ' your own. But you didn't laugh at me, and you I shall begird to see of all 'em; you and this arti- checting chap. When'il you come P' she asked, turning suddenly to me ' to-morrow ?' . ' I must consult Mr. Sanderson, Mrs. Bay.' . ' Bother Mr. Sanderson,' she ejaculated '? 'you must come to- morrow I want the room done at once; I who am old and feeble can't afford to wa' to time.' ' I think I may promise to visit Nettlewood to morrow, then.' 'I rely upon you,' said she, shifting her way . tack to the window, which she flung wide open, and. screamed through for John, . --'That man's a caterpillar I should like to scrunch!' she said, vindictively, as John came dawdling up the slope again. ? Are you going now, Mrs. Ray ?' asked my wife. ' Yes, yes ; my friend the Justice will wonder where I have got to. If you had a glass of good old port in the house, I'd drink your health in it.' ' 1 beg pardon/ said Mary, hastily, ' I had for gotten. Canute, dear, there is a bottle of port wine ia the house, I think.' ' Hark to that,' cried Mrs. Kay, 'a woman who kep her cellar of wines, and now don't know if there's a bottle in the house. Woman,' almost fiercely, ' you must feel the change more than your looks show.' ' I feel that the change has bean for the better.' ' That you wouldn't so back to the old life ?' said Mrs. Ray. 'Not for all the -wealth that lies hidden in the Cumberland mountains,' she cried ; 'not for all the money in the world!' 'You're a strange woman; you were allus strange,' mnttered Mrs. Kay. By this time I had disinterred my bottle of wine from the cellaret, and had poured out a glass of port for Mrs. Bay. 'Here's wisbiogyou health, young couple. Here's thanking you for bearing an old woman no malice for stepping atween you and j'our riches. You don't hate me, Mary Gear, in your heart ?' she oaked, pausing with the glass in her lips, ' Why should I hate you,' asked my wondering ?wife; ' . 'I am a ghost of the old life you dread so much to ret'Tn to ; I may have sought to harm you in it for your money's sake, or wished you harm for my own, Say I'm forgiven everything.' She leaned forwards on her stick with intense eagerness ; she held her breath for Mary Gear's reply. ' Forgiven,' said my wife, lightly, 'to be sure— everything that you think requires forgiveness from the depth of my new and glad heart.' A.U.W u'U nuiuuuuiDUA J-lQi. YV1UO Uli All U11U CU1U like a dram-drinker. ' Here luck to this couple— they shan't say any more in Nettlewood that I wish everybody harm. Now. John,' taking the foetman's arm as he entered, ' look where you're going, and do hold up better.' 'Can I be of any assistance, Mrs. Ray, I in quired, ' Oh, uo .' John knows my step beat. Good day to you.' Outside the house, and proceeding down the hill, the sallow face slowly turned and looked back at us. ' 'To-morrow from my window 1 shall be watch ing Nettlewood Perry all day,' she said; 'don't forget.' CHAPTER II. THB OLD BATTLE-GROUND. A little consultation with my partner and my ?wife settled the matter. Mr. Sanderson thought it was buaiDese to accept Mrs. Bay's offer, and I, who had an inventor's horror of a stranger's improve ments, became more inclined every instant to undertake and superintend the alterations of Mrs. Ray's mansion. It was the first complete plan that had ever been realized of mine; it had brought me a partner ; it had been the means of bringing to my side the dearest wife in the world; 1 had an affec tion for that nouee. ' M»ry listened to all that my partner and I had to urge, and finally broke in with : ' But I am to go to Nettlewood, Under any cir cumstances, and in the face of any difficulties, you must let ma accompany you.' The place never agreed with you, Mary.' . ' Anywhere and everywhere will agree with me now ; I can't be left alone in Barrowdale,' said Mary. ' Will you not side with me, Mr. Sander son ?' ' Am I such a sinful man us to attempt to part husband and wife ?' be answered. My fear was for Mary's health in Nettlewood, and for past associations disturbing her mind some what. She was biave now and feared- nothing with me. So it was arranged that we ehould start for Nettlewood very early on the following morning, and that during our absence my mother should look after our cottage now and then. ? ? If you're very long away I shall come in search ;- ? of you,' said my mother ; ' I have a a good excuse in my anxiety to see Ell«n, who seems to have for gotten ber poor mother. And another excuse in my new daughter, who for more reasons than one, I hope will be very careful of herself.' Mary blushed, aad promised to be very carefnl, :. as though I should not have been careful of her, ? ' especially at that time. In four or five more ' months, were we not looking forward to a brighter life than we had yet experienced?— to a well spring of gladness in a child that should add joy to our home P Everything lay fair before us in the future, when we set forth for Nettlewood ; the shadows that had haunted us, and were born ot ; ? fever fancies, did not daunt our progress or ap proach more near to waking life when we were in the Vale again. We crossed the Ferry at eight in the evening, ; Mary and I. It was not dark at that hour in the long June twilight; the stars were gltttering bnt feebly is the grey sky above our heads ; behind the western chain of mountains the faint glow of the sunset was reflected yet. Jabez's man rowed us across in the old ferry-boat. Jabez, proprietor of the Ferry Inn, smoked his pipe on the Netslewood side of the lake, and' watched our arrival with our hands in his pockets. All was very still that summer evening; only the splash af the oara disturbed the silence ; there was a dead hnsh in the Vale, not a leaf on the few trees near thn inn was rustling; all was steeped to the .lips in peaceful rest. For a moment I glanced to wards my wife, sitting by my side in the ferry. Already my awakened fancy suggested that the lace was paler, and that a faint reflax of its old anxious looks tad stolen there already. ' How still '.' she whispered, meeting my glance. '? 'It is a lovely evening,' I said; 'I have never seen the Vale more beautiful.' ' Yes, it is beautiful,' she responded in an absent .: manner. .. The pastr-tiiat which we had abjured— would come back— would steal from the silence sad meet \- - her at the Ferry. It was not possible— afterwards I knew it was not natural— that all should be for gotten. With the first view of the old borne came back in all its vividneBB the old melancholy life. ?You are tired, Mary, the journey has been too y Much for you,' I said. ?I shall be better presently ; my head aches just ' i little now.' Something in my looks appeared to suggest that 1 had begun to doubt the propriety of bringing her to Nettlewood, She roused herself sad looked more fcrighf. ' Don't be afraid that my nerves will give way ever again,' she said; 'by your side; Canute, I am always strong !' t _. - We .reached the Nettlewood sid^ of the Ferry. Jabez pulled his forelock respectfully, and- bade us welcome,. as did friends, as proprietor* of the Ferry Inn, which he rented of us at sixteen pounds a year. '?''';.??'?-.,.' : ' ??All well here, JabefzP' 1 inquired. 'All well, sir' \ \ ' And business Y' \ 'Just about, as slack as ever, thankee, sir. We've one towiist in the house, or one something, 1 don't exactly make oat.' ? . :. ' 'Then the old--' best room* is occupied, Jabez?' ' No, he won't have a best room — he keeps to one bed-room, and the tap-room. He don't spend a — oh! here he is I' ?' ? | ? Through the1 door of the Ferry Ian came, at a slow pace, the diminutive form of my brother, looking a very black spot on the landscape in his ' Joseph !' I exclaimed. He came towards us at a somewhat increased pace— when he was close up«n us, I could see that his|face was paler and more lined than I had ever noticed it. Was there something in tha Nettle wood air that made people old before their time I wondered. ' I heard you were coming,' he said, ' how do you do.' We shook hands together. ' This is your wife. Mrs. Zitman that was,' turn ing to Mary,,' I hope you are well, ma'am ?' . My wife replied that she was very well, and looked at me for an introduction, or an explana tion. ' This is my brother, Joseph Gear, Mary,' I said, ' an unexpected friend to find located in the Vale here.' . ? -.? ' I was thinking of writing to you, Canute,' be said, with a laboured sigh, ' but I haven't had the heart to write to anybody yet. I've sold the busi ness ; I hadn't the heart to carry it on. She was a great loss to me; you do not know bow I hubs her.' ? I can imagine that the blow was a heavy one; Joseph.' ' I have come here for change of air and scene, Utt&ruog; yuur epeuK. ui uebuewuuu eu uiuuu. ? I hope the change will do you good,' Mr. Gear, my wife remarked. ' Thank you. I hope so. I don't feel very much cheered by the change; its rather quiet after living inCbeapside. How's mother ?' ' Very well, thank you. And Ellen, whom you have seen, I suppose ?' I asked. * Te— ea, I have seen her. She's well and in ex cellent spirits,' he added, his brow' contracting a little, I fancied with an unpleasant. reminiscence; ' 1 have never seen her is better spirits. How do you think I am looking, Canute ?' ' Paler than usual.' ' Less robust now P' - ' No,' surveying his slender proportions, ' I think not;' , : ' The landlord weighs me every morning; there's a falling off somewhere. I'm not what I used to be; I who used to have no nerve at all or be all nerve, am now ts nervous as a kitten. Do you think this place agrees with everybody ?' x ctuiUUL Bay, x bulu, i wuuiu iiui* okuf ue*o, Joseph, if I doubted it. Cross the Ferry, take a mountain csr to Barrowdale, and see the mother whose heart yearns for a glimpse of you.' ? Thank you ; yes I will soon, perhaps. I've— I've promised Ellen ts stay a week or two in the neighbourhood, f .?? . 'I should have thought that they might bare found room for you at the house,' 1 remarked with a little honest English scorn at the want of hospi tality exhibited. Joseph began to shiver. 'Oh I lor, I wouldn't stay there for the world,' he said. ' The place even deters him !' I could see written on the curious face of my wife, but I fancied it was more likely to Ee Herbert Vaughan and his ways, than Nettlewood House and the gloom which hung over it. We proceeded to the Fern Inn, and at the gate Joseph branched off. ' I'm going for a little stroll ; I shall eee you again,' he said, before he departed down the green lane. A substantial tea was awaiting us at the Perry Inn. Mrs. Ray had called that morning on Jabez, and assured him that my wife and I were to appear in the course of the day, and Jabez had prepared accordingly. ' Every one in Kettle-wood hsa expected us, it ap peared ; on the table were two little notes for jib— one from Mrs. Ray, the second from my sister Ellen. The former presented the compHmentB of Mrs. Ray to Mr, Canute Gear, and trusted that the fatigue of the journey would not prevent her having the pleasure of seeing him that evening. The letter was dashed off in the old hasty style :— ' Dkab Canute,— Don't lotget us all at Nettle wood House. Alone to-night. 'Your affectionate sister, ? Nellie.' 'Alone to-night' cried. Mary,, leaping to her feet ; ' I will go to her at once.' ' Patience,' my dear,' said I, exerting my hus band's authority ; yon are already fatigued from the effects of your long journey, and I will have no extra labour entailed on you to-night.' ' Herbert is away, and she is alone, Canute,' said my wife. 'Ob, I know what it is to be all alone in that house. All the noises, and the dark pas sages, with figures flitting in them that may be servants or spectres, you are in doubt which, the echoes that reverberate from floor to floor when a door slams or a something falls. She will feel very dull and desolate there.' ' She is not a nervous woman, Mary. You must remember that, at least,' ' You will have to proceed to the Ray's on busi ness ; will you go on to Nettlewood House, Canute, and spend half an hour with Ellen ?' ' And leave you all alone ?' ' Oh, I have much to do. The big portmanteau, where all my flue thingB are crumpled, to unpack —the room to arrange after my own fashion, and make it so like home, and you will not know it on your return. And if your brother Joseph comes back, I shall have to seek him out, and learn from him all those faults and failings which you have hidden so carefully from me.' ' Or which you will not see, Mary,' I added. Mary laughed ; we were both io excellent spirits, and she was very solicitous that I should call on Ellen after my visit to the Rays ; so I promised to see Ellen that Bight, and after tea hurried away. Ellen and I had not had a chance of a tele-a-tete since her marriage. 