FUN AND EARNEST. THE JACKDAW'S CURSE. AND THE KING'S CURSE. - A friend sends us tho well-known extract from the " Jackdaw of Rheims," which, like other fun of the " Ingoldsby Legends," is not altogether without its graver application! We put it beside the real curse denounced by the present Pope against Victor Emmanuel, King of Italy. the cardinal's corse. The Cardinal rose with a dignified look, , He called for his candle, his bell and his book ; In holy anger and pions grief, He solemnly cursed that rascally thief. m— — — — — — — —— — m M He enrsed him at board, he cursed him in bed, -n From the sole of his foot, to the crown of his || i head';'"/'!' . 1 He enrsed him in sleeping, that every night p He should dream of the devil, and wake in a. $ fright. . $ He. cursed him in eating, he- cursed him in. . | drinking, | He cursed him in coughing, in sneezing, and. || winking. He cursed him in sitting, in standing, in lying < He cursed him in walking, in riding, in flying ; ' He cursed him living, ana cursed him dying. ' Never was heard such a terrible curse. But what gave rise, To no little surprise, Nobody seemed one penny the worse. So much for the Jackdaw, now for the king. the anathema marantha, Or everlasting curse of the Roman Catholic Church , promulgated against Victor Emmanuel. By authority of the Almighty God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; and of the holy ' canons ; and of the undetiled Virgin Mary, mother and nurse of our Saviour ; , and of the celestial virtues, angels, archangels, thrones. dominions, powers, cherabims, and seraphims ; and of all the holy patriarchs and prophets ; and of all the apostles and evangelists ; and of the holy innocents (who, in the sight of the Holy Lamb, are found worthy to sing the new song) ; and of the holy martyrs and holy con fessors ; and of the holy virgins ; and of all the saints, together with all the holy and elect of God — we excommunicate and anathematise him, and from the threshold of the holy Church of God Almighty we sequester him, that he may be tormented in eternal excruciating sufferings; together with Dathan and Abirain and those « wno say to the Lord God, " Depart from us ; I we desire none of Thy ways." And as fire is quenched with water, so let the light of him be . put out for evermore. May the Father who created man curse him.' May the Son who suffered for us curse him.' fi May the Holy Ghost which was given to ua in our baptism curse him. May the Holy Cross which Christ (for our salvation triumphing over his enemies) ascended, curse him. May the - Holy and Eternal Virgin Mary Mother of God curse him. May St. Ylichael, the advocate of 1 holy souls, curse him. May all the angels and archangels, principalities and powers, and alL the heavenly armieB curse him. May St. John, . the precursor and St. John the Baptist, aud St.'-Ji Peter, and St. Paul, and St. Andrew, and all other Christ's apostles together curse him. And may the rest of his disciples and four Evangelists. „ 1 (who by their prea hing converted the universal < i I world), and may the holy and wonderful com pany of martyrs and confessors (who by their I holy works are found pleading to God'," Almighty), curse him. May the Choir of the Holy Virgins (who for'' the honour of Christ have despised the things I of the wor'd) damn hira ; may all the saints I (who from the beginning of the world and ever-; ij I lasting ages are found to be beloved of God) I damn him ; may the heavens and the earth, I and all the holy things remaining therein, damn him. May he be damned wherever he be, whether.;. i in the house or in, the field, whether in the highway or the byway, whether in the wood or the water, or whether in the church. May he.-, be cursed in lying and in dying, in eating and. drinking, in fasting and thirsting, in'Blumhering and sleeping, in watching or walking, in stand ing or sitting, in lying down or working, and in blood-letting. May he .be enrsed in all the, facujties of his body. May he be cursed inwardly and out wardly. May he be enrsed in his hair. May he be cursed in his brains. May he be cursed, in the crown of his head and in his temples. In. his forehead and in, his ears. In his eyebrows and in his cheeks. In his jawbones and in his nostrils. In his foreteeth and in his grinders. In his lips and in his throat. In his shoulders and in his wrists. In his arms, his hands, and in his fingers. May he be damned in his mouth, in his breast, in bis heart, and in all the viscera of his- : body ; may he be damned in his veins and in ; his groin, in hiB knees, in .his . legs, feet, and toenails! May he be cursed in all the joints and artieu-f J lations of his members. From the top of his u ' head to the sole of his foot may there be no soundness in bini:' May the Son of the living God, with air 'tHe;. glory of his majesty, curse him. ; and may ' Heaven, with all the powers that move therein, rise up against him, curse and damn him ! Amen. So be it. Amen. \ "I am not a Papist, for 1 renounce the I temporal invasion of the Papal power, and de test their arrogated authority over princes and. <v States. I am a Catholic in the strictest sense of = the word. 11 1 was horn under an absolute Prince, I would be a quiet subject ; but, I thank God, I was not. I have undue sense of the ex- p cellence of the British Constitution. In a word, the things I have always wished to see are not a Roman Catholic, French Catholic, or a Spanish Catholic, but a true Catholic ; and not a. King of , Whigs, or a King of Tories, but a King of England, which God of His mercy grant his present majesty may be, anrl all future majes- l ties." — Letter of Alexander Pope, the poet, to the Bishop of Rochester, Nov. 1717. - I The Liverpool School Board have resolved to - serve a precept upon the Town Council for the sum of £29,500 to meet their expenditure in the year ending March, 1877. It was stated that the rate necessary to produce this sum would be about 3d. in the pound. The English Baptists (according to a Times telegram) have purchased a site for the purpose - : of building another Baptist Church in connec-' tion with their mission in Rome. In connection with the church will be a school-house, minister's ... residence, an establishment for sale of religious ; ; publications, &c.; The Cause of Rain.— Some time ago, when. | the rains had extended over several weeks, the reason was discussed in a company of pitmen. After . several had expressed their opinions, an. old collier, nob satisfied with the various solu- I tions, offered the following . — " Wey aa'l tell ye I what it is, lads ; the cloodB is gettin' that aad. I they winnet ha'd in 1" Little fish have a good notion of commencing. I life— theyalways begin on a small scale. 