A PAIE OF SCALES. It was nearly noon, the san at its zenith, but the solid row of brown-atone fronts on Blank-atreet remained imperrious to the heat and glare of the warm espring day. The heavy cornice at the roof took a warmer tinge, and a few oblique rays made the marble vestibule hot to the feet of the butler at No. 7, but did not penetrate through the first layer of leather in the cowhide boots of John Dobson. He stumped up the broad steps, clattering his umbrella, and pulled the silver knob with a force that made the gong resound through the high balles of the interior. That boom had something portentous about it. Never before had the gong been stretched to its fullest capacity for sound, and the butler opened the door with a frown. Upon seeing the round rubicund face of Mr. Dobson, with its long cunning eyes, its pro trading lips, and firm, solid chin, the frown upon the' face of the butler deepened into a grimace of disgust; he did not unfasten the chain, but simply shook his bead. "Nobody at home," he said, with Isconie severity. "Oh, I guess there is," said Mr. Dobson, " I rather think you can find someone, young man, if you look pretty bard. Just toll your young lady that Mr. Dobson's here, and wants to see her mother, if she can make it convenient; and in the meantime be kind enough to undo that contrivance there and let me in, for the sun's pretty hot outside here." The butler undid the chain without a word, and Mr. Dobson entered. There was something in the grocer's manner that told the shrewd servant further resistance was useless. "The game's played," said the butler to himself, as he found Mr. Dobson passing the chairs in the hall, and making his way into the sacred precincts of the drawing-room. "It's all up," lie repeated, for the butler knew pretty well, as did all the other depen dents in the household, that for many a month they had been hanging upon the edge of Mr. Dobson's leniency. When he put his ear to the keyhole a little later, his worst suspicions wore confirmed. "Oh, your mother can't see me, heboy " said Mr. Dobson; "she's not very well, you say P She never is when I'm around. One would think there was no thing about me that sickened her delicate taste. Well, I don't know as it makes much difference. Just tell her for me, will you, that there'll be a red flag at the door on Wednesday morning, and everything 'll go without reserve." The grocer got upon his feet and took his hat from the floor. That look gave a desperate courage to Miss Livingatone, for it spoke of ownerhip, and said plainly enough thbt from that moment he was the master there. " Stay, Mr.Dobson," cried poor Kate, with a gesture of entreaty. " There is one favour-a very great favour--I must ask of you." Mr.Dob:on looked upon the young girl with a cau tious yet curious reserve.. He distrusted and yet was gratified by this concession on the part of a Living. stone. "It ain't any more delays, is itP No flummery of that kind P" "No, no," said Kate. "Heaven knows I am glad to be done with this agony of auspense." Mr. Dobson's face softened more and more. "If it's any of these gimcracks about," he blurted out generously "any of these figgers or pictures hang it, you can have the pianny there, if you want it; there's plenty more for Mary Jane where that came from." "No, no, Mr. Dobson, nothing for myself; but oh, Dobson, my mother! She is no longer young; she is not strong; she must not know the depth of our re verses. Give me, I beg of you, the furniture in my mother's room!" " Yah I" snarled Mr. Dobson, and Kate was silent. From the moment she had mentioned her mother's name his fare had grown crimson, the veins in his fore head swollen to bursting. " You want me to help you in this little farce to save her feelings; and when has she ever saved mine a She's deepiged me and mine for many a year-despiged us," he repeated, taking a singular comfort in pro. nouncing the word with a g. "She's rode by in her chariot-" "Oh, sir," interposed Kate, "it was only a hired hack, and she dismissed it long ago." "In her chariot," pursued- Mr. Dobson, "and splashed the mud from her wheels in our faces, and she'd 'a rode over our necks if she could ; but it's my turn now, Miss Livingstone ; by heavens, it's my turn now l" He put his hat upon his head, and only paused at the door to say that his son would be there in an hour or so to take the inventory : then he went out with. out the assistance of the butler, who had loag scorned the multifarious duties assigned to him, and from that time took no trouble to usher people in and out of the doomed doorway. Kate watched the unwieldly form of the grocer disappear, then put her slim hands about her head with a movement of agony. The luxury about her was oppressive: the heavy embroidered curtains seemed to abut out the air: the monogram upon the shades a cabalistic sign of ruin. What in the world was to be done with her mother P Kato had grown used to the picture of Sydney, Claudia, the child. ren, and herself huddled together in one of the grim square rooms in the old brick house, the noor dingy and uncarpeted, the walls bare; a few chairs and tables about; but abe had never been able to make a mother one of the group. She could far better fancy her safe, unscathed, free from the contamination of want and poverty, cold and haughty still in the one ghastly but luxurious article of furniture. There, and there alone, it seemed to the daughter, she could still be the implacable gentlewoman. Kate almost wished for her the unspeakable rest and security of death, and when the bell rang again, and the eldest son of the Dobson family was admitted into her presence, he started. Kate's desperate thoughts had given their ghastly hue to her face: her lips were livid and trem. bling when she bade him a civil good.morning. "Is there anything I can do for you, Miss Living stone P" said John Dobson, jaun. " ou P ' said Kate, with an indefinable accent of courteous contempt. " Yes, I," he replied. "You must not aomrn to take advantage of even the poor aid that I can offer you. God himself chooses sometimes tbe meanest of human creatures to further His designs." " He has used your father to some purpose in our case," said Kate, insolently. " What your father has denied me,I suppose it is not in your power to grant. I begged him for the furniture in my motlmr's apartment. We thought it possible, Sydney and I, to keep her free from the wretchedness that awaito us. You see, she would not leave her chamber." Kate paused; she had forgotten that it was to a hated Dobson she was detailing all this misery of sup. plication. Despite the inevitable red hair and freckles of the Dobson family, there was something about this young man, as he stood-there with hat in hand and head bowed-an air about him of one who was in the preseice of fallen royalty-that had induced her to again give speech to the wish that yearned in her heart. " But, of course, this is nothing to you," said Sate. "On the contrary," said John Dobson, jun., "I pledge you my word that every article in your mother's chamber shall be yours. I will see that they are caro fully removed down town. Is there anything else I can do for you, hiss LivingstoneP" "Why, no," said Kate, believing in this promise despite herself, and opening wide her brown eyes upon this young grocer. " If I can assist you," said John, " you'll appeal to me, won't you ? I have been in rough con tact with the aide of the world to which you are about to be introduced ever since I was knee-high to a grasshopper. It seems a burly animal when it turns its rough side, but if you stroke it the right way, it's as gentle as a kitten. You'll let me know if I can bhe of any further service to you, won't you ?" " Why, yes," said Kate, gazing after the young man in a species of petrifaction. " I tell you what it is, Claude," said Sydney Living stone to his youngest sister, the night after the sale, "that fellow Dobson isn't such a very mean beggar as. you would suppose. He's going to get me a position in a bank. I shouldn't wonder if his ancient buffalo of a father owns half the concern. But Dobson junior isn't so bad. He copies the grand air so well, it'll he taken for the original one of these days. I said some sharp cutting things to-day in his hearing, but he never moved an eyelid, and after that confounded business was over, he came to me and compelled me to talk to him. I pretended not to see the hand he offered me, and held my chin pretty high ; but he managed to take all the starch out of my sails. Confound the cheese-monger, I admire him !" "And I hate him! " said Claudia, her nose, which was always rather retrousoe, perched high in the air with disdain. "I hate them allt Just fancy Mary Jane Dobson's rough red hands sprawled over the keys of Kate's piano, and John's ugly face reflected in your dressing-glass I" " Mary Jane's hands are whitor than yours, Claude," said Sydney. I don't believe one of the strings of Kate's instrument will indignantly break beneath their pressure, nor will my mirror scorn to reflect the rugged head of John junior. The fact is, my dear, the old folks up yonder will be like cats in a strange garret, but the second generation will develop a wonderfal faculty for assimilation." In the meantime this faculty became very much in demand for themselves. This old brick tenement, which would have gone long ago with the rest had it not been protected by a long lease, was in a queer locality to the Livingstones. The neighbourhood had once been a fine one, but was now of rather squally elements that had the same antipathy in mixing which is attributed to oil and water. Drinking halls and shops abounded, and, very much to their disgust, our friends found the whole lower front of their house converted to tbh uses of commerce. One of the win dows was turned into a shop casement, and the other into a door. Shelves and drawers adorned the walls, andan indescribable greasy and mustysmell permeated the premises. "We'd better shut up this concern altogether," said Sydney, one morning, "and live up-stairs, unless we conclude to go into trade with the rest ;" and turning to Kate he found that a sudden glow had leaped into her pale face. "Oh, Sydney," she said, "if you only could!" " Could what P" said Sydney. "Go into trade, dear; open ashop or something. Don't start-don't be shocked, dear. Sydney, my darling, what are we to do We haven't a penny in the world. If you could only know what I have suf fered with the thought of what absolute destitution means to creatures like us, above all to you, my noble, handsome boy, my brilliant-" "Stop there, Kate," said the poor lad. "If we could convert those charms of which you speak into good hard cash I'd be willing, Heaven knows, to be sold as a slave ! I'd pledge half my life to dig in the bowels of the earth, or work at any drudgery. This pittance at the bank hardly serves me for decent shoes." "Claudia and the boys must be kept at s school," pursued Kate; "and mamma must noe know. You see, darling, something must be done: we haven't a penny in the world." "Did it ever occur to you, Kate," said Sydney, " that people who have no pennies are shut out from trade as they are from other luxuries P The commo dities that are usually found in a store originallycome from some other establishment, and an equivalent in cassh is required." "We could begin with a little. Mr. Dobson told me once he had scarcely anything when he began." " When he began," murmured Sydney, "he'd no meat in the pan, but from little to big, he's became a great man. But we can't all be Dobsons, Kate; he had a genius for hucketering no doubt. I must go and bid mamma good-bye." Sydney went slowly up the old staircase, his boyish face already lined with care. The room that Sydney entered a few minutes later was exactly the counterpart of the second story front chamber in Blank-street, and the moment he crossed the threshold, Sydney fell into theboaring and fastidi ous drawl of a young gentleman of leisure. The fine finicky dame who lay back among pillows adorned with point lace, and gathered nervously in her hand a silken coverlet, looked upon her son with a wistful pride that had something pitiable about it. A morsel of golden-brown toest and a cup of choco late rested untouched upon a silver salver by the side of the coach ; Sydney's feet sank in the rich Persian carpet; his weary eyes rested upon the luxurious ap. pointments of the room with a vague sense of ease ; the curiously twisted legs of the elaborately carved chairs caught his fancy; the various inlaid woods at the top of the bedstead, And the crimson silken canopy they surrounded, were familiar to him. Cupid and Psyche over there in the niche were old friends of his ; and Hercules, poor old fellow, had supported that marble slab for as long as Sydney could remember. The rich curtains hung in heavy folds to the floor, mellowing with a faint crimson the garish light of the morning sun: it was all an episode of the old glad graceful days. " I am not well," said his mother, as he kissed the slender white hand that lay listlessly in his own. " I shall never leare his room again, Sydney, never I" "Oh, mamma, I hope you will-that is one of these days,"' he added, qualifying this wish, for he suddenly remembered the dingy squalor just beyond thisl tue. rious threshold, the battered staircase, the long gloomy halls, the mildewed paper hanging in tattered shreds from the great empty rooms only one partition away. Below, on the first floor, Kate had contrived to give at least an air of cleanliness to the few living rooms they occupied; but the top of this grim barrack was as yet almost unexplored ; so this bit of luxury, hem. med in with dilapidation and decay, seemed like an oasis in the desert of poor Sydney. He went down to the ricketty old stairs with his eyes shut, so that he might take with him the luxury that was so familiar and dear. Kate divined all that be felt and suffered. Sydney's was an artistic soul, and craved the fresecoed walls, the Turkish carpets, the gilt and sculptured beams, the malachite and jewelled adornments, of their old salon. As for her, the very remomberance of those luxuries, held by so ignominionious and desperate a tenure, sickened the heart within her; the very air in that upper room seemed to her to be always half fainting to escape, as indeed was poor Kate herself; so that she always will declare that Providence sent to their door Count Drowski, in search of paper collars. The little shop was then a thing accomplished, thanks to the (to Kate) inexplicable and unbounded generosity of John Dobson, jun. a and one morning as she was watching warily the counter through the glass door of the back room where breakfaeqwas being dispatched after the commercially precipitous Ameri can fashion, Sydney suddenly called out, "There is Count Drowaki !" And Kate behold that queer little man gazing about her shop through his cracked tortoise-rimmed speo. taoles. " Have you, madame," he said-and Kate wondered if he had determined thus deliberately to cut his old friends-" any collars of paper ?" It was not till she opened the box and told him the price of the article that the dear little man started back in astonishment. "Why, in truth," he began, "am I droming ? or is this- " He extended his hand. "dMy faith, you honour these people, then, by condescending to wait at their counterP May I ask after your mammaP" " These people are my people, mydear count," said Kate; "this counter belongs to me; and when we have decided about the collars, if you will allow me I will present you to mamma." " With all my heart," he said, and paying for the collars with a solitary little stamp that he brought from the depths of his dingy vest, the count followed Kate to the back room, where he was received by the younger portion of the Livingstone family with enthbu niasm. He was persuaded to partake of their muffins, and drank two great muge of coffee with the ardour of one fresh from fasting, and the zest of a connoisseur. An hour or two later he was still sipping the fra grant Mocha from a tiny Sivres china cup, talking volubly bthe while to the poor delighted lady, who had always been partial to the impecunious nobleman. Thereafter at least twice a week the count honoured them with his company at breaklfast ; and upstairs his presence was like a tonic to the proud foolish gentle woman, who took heart and brightened, and made ber toilet as carefully for this one shabby count as shedid long ago for the lafl on of the metropolis. Kate, in her gratitude, when habe found that one aideof the collars was exhausted, and he had already begun to turn them upon the other, would fain have given him anew box from her plentiful stock, but refrained from motives of delicacy. There were three sturdy lives between the count and the felicity of wealth; as he had never been able to murder hisi cousins, even in. his heart, he had resigned all hopes of the barony across the sea; but there remained to him a pride of birth and a vague possibility of tlhis reversion of title whieb would have rendered impossible to him the acceptance of a box of paper collars at the hands of Miss Living stone. So the little business prospered apace; the small shop had developed into a big one, and had not only swollen up the back room, but encroached upon the yard, and even the cellar paid tribute to this commer cial emporium. Claudia was eighteen; the boys at school began to ecorn jackets, and one of them had commenced an epic poem, fragments of which appeared in his letters. Sydney's twenty years were worn with sueb grace and dignity that the small urchins in the neighbourhood dofed their ragged hats to him, and inquired affea tionately after everg new article of clothing that ap peared to their dazzled eyes. He was the idol of all those femoinine hearts that looked to him, each in its own way, to redeem the tar nished lustre of the family. Many were the groans and complaints in that luxurious chamber upstairs of the wasted life of this handsome scion of their race. Claudia and her mother bemoaned by the hour his absence from the fashionable haunts of the season, and his inability to appear where his presence would lend such a lustre to the scene of festivity, not for. getting the squnandering in this dingy obscurity of Olaudia's own brilliant and beautiful zenith. Fot every blush that flitted across the mobile face of her daughter the poor mother heaved a sigh of bitterness and envy t blushes were so rare inthe American mar het, and here they were running all to waste. The long blonde curls of the fair girl were watered by tears of frustration. "'Come, come, mamma, who knows ?" replied OlCsdia, in that vocabulary of society in which Quie_ sate ? means much. In fact, Claudia had determined with commendable seal to improve every opportunity that offered itself for the bettering of their fallen fortunes, and absted visibly her old scorn of John Dobson, jun. During the business interviews of her sister with the saccess ful grocer, Claudia flitted gracefully to and fro, her glowing eyes and blonde tresses, the sweep of her drapery near him, and a musical mocking note In his ear, causing Dobson junior to pause vfith pencil in hand, and follow this beautiful vision till it vanished out of his sight. Once she even invited him to break fast-a hospitality that Kate would have ventured upon years before, but was deterred by the high nose of her young sister, and the freezing hauteur of the dingy count, who, it must be said, still heldthe young tradesman in disapprobation, and scowled through his spectacles upon the footing he had gained in the househbold. " The insolence of this bourgeois,:' he said to Mrs. Livingstone, "makes my blood to boil." That lady shook her head and sighed, but asked no questions of what was going on below. As for Kate, she was already an old maid, as befitted the business woman of the establishment. Grey hairs had crept in among the brown, and increased rapidly day by day. Her gentle eyes wore a strained and frightened look : she was absent-minded, and started when spoken to; she lived in a reverie thathad some thing portentous and terrible about it. The little busi nses had been here alone. She had held it in the hollow of her hand; in it'she had thrown her youth, her beauty, and "the tender grace of a day that was dead." And now ademonof doubthadehteredthere. Where was that iryangible flaw? Every penny that went oat and eame Tn passed through her hands or those of Sydney, her brother. His was the only help she had had, his the only heart she counld rest upon his ready hands, his quick eye, his lightning.like sa pacity, had been given over to her whenever he had a moment of leisure. But the money went from the safe; at first in small sums, then larger, increasing appallingly. Kate be came terrified ; her eyes burned and blazed as they reted upon Sydney. Theboy was growing handsomer every day; faultlessly attired, of irreproachable Ts?e nor, he bad quite the air of a grand seigneur. One morning he had lingered over the ledger longer than usual, and taking his fine watch out to see the times a bank-note fell from his pocket upon the desk before them. He put it baeck again hastily. Kate's eyes fastened themselves upon his hurried fingers; she grew suddenly pale, as if she had seen a spectre. Sydney sped away to the bank, and Kate's head fell upon her hands with a groan. Later on the count found her quite insensible, but at the sound of hil voices sbhe revived. "What hast thou, my childP" he cried; "the eigraine has seized thee in this miserable shop." " No, no," she said ; "do not speak of it, count. I enjoin it upon your honour. I am better I am well. Oh, count, in the name of Heaven, go, go I" "I go," said the count " but when I return, if the great God will permit, I shall change all this," and disappeared in the hot murky street. Kate looked after him in bewilderment. "The world is gone mad," she said bitterly ; then she took up the pen Sydney had dropped, climbed to the seat he had filled, and mechanically began to addu p a line.. But a grim black phantom sat upon her shonlder ; a shadow fell before her eyes, shat out the paper, dimmed the figures. b She remained mate and terrified, bour after hour, a cold band upon her heart. When Sydney came in at night, it was she that feared to meet his eyes. His step was light and elastic s his eyes sought her own wsth their old glad humour and vivacity. " I'll put in a night at the books for you, Kate," he said, noting her pale and wasted eheek, her quiver, ing esmile. "This beastly tread-mill is wearing you out. You'd better leave it to me for a while." " Yes, yes," she said, putting her slim band upon his shoulder and looking into his eyes, her own filling with hot torturing tears. "It it all your own, Sydney, isn't it, dear P'" " What is my own, Kate P" "The-business here-the mony-eery?thing ! You know it is all yours, Sydney, don't you ?" "What do you mean, Kate? Of course not. God forbid! My only ambition is to sink this conoern, dear, in obhvion. Just as soon as Ican stagger under the responsibility that has been yours for so many. years, you can retire, dear, on your fortune-only don't be miserly, Kate. When I get in a corner, you'll help me out, won't you P" Kate burst into a passion of tears. "Only ask me, Sydney," she sobbed. "All I have is yours. Only tell me, I beg of you.". "See here, Kate," said Sydney, taking her in his arms, "you're not well; you're over-strong; you're hysterical. Hang it, Kate, be a man-no, be a woman -no, be your own priceless, good, sensible self. It frets me to the soul to see you in this way. We'll have to get a doctor or something." All the next day Sydney could not get his sister's pale stricken face from his .memory: so at night hbe was nervous and out of spirits. Kate crept out of his way, but watched him furtively. The days went on, each one heavier than the last -a week, a month, went by. The missing amounts began to decrease. But it was over now. What mattered it? Beggary and ruin were nothing com pared to what she bad passed through in the struggle to believe in the old immunity from dishonour. She was callons, hardened to all now. All day she sof fered, and when night came, her sleep was murdered by frightful dreams. She fancied that a white shape stood by her bed. side, a skeleton hand bent over her, two mild eyes looked down through her closed lids, a panting breath touched her cheek ; then the presence vanished, only to come again, always in the dead of night, always in the dead of night, always in white, noiseless, without substance or solidify. It came and went like a dia· embodied ghost. It was a frightful phantasy. Kate was compelled to put off one of her last pay. ments to John Dobson, jun. "One of these days," he esid to him, bitterly, "you will have to take another inventory: a red flag will be at the door again." John looked at her anxiously. Her eyes were lurid; a crimson spot burned on her cheek ; her band trembled as it touched his own. " What is it? What has gone amisse P Can't you trust me " John again took her shaking hand. But she drew it away with a harsh grating laugh. "It is a thing with which trust and confidence have nothing to do," she said. Suddenly the thefts stopped. The moneyremained in the safe untouohed. Kate saw with bewilderment that she was becoming rich again. Every morning she expected it to be gone, but found it tbere, solid and safe, to at least slave her from debt and ruin. But all these things were as nothing now. At the end of a few months John Dobson, jun., was sent for, and received his last payment. But it tor tured him to see the old eager hlght gone from Kate's eyes. 8he had been wont, like a miser, to gloat over every gold piece that fell into his hard broad palm, and shiver with ecastasy over the rostling of the bank notes. "e shall be eo glad to be rid of youn, John Dobson," he would say. And then her voice would soften, and sshe ould add, gently, "But the debt of gratitude I can never pay ; let that be a bond between as till I nam cold in death." John hated to miss all this. It was bitter to him. The cold listlessness of her manner, the mechanical tone of her voice, grated on his innermost soul. It seemed to him that she had only lived to pay him this wretched money, and now that the debt was can celled, the pulse had gone out of her life, taking all the warmth and gladness from his own. 1 And now that is all," Kate had said, with a sigh of relief, when she had counted out the last dime of her indebtedness. She had placed one upon another the clean crisp bills upon John's hard hand as of old; but then she had not looked up in his face with her tender womanly smile, and added that little formula about the bond of gratitude--"and now that is all," she said, and there was that in her words that cut John Dobson to the core. "Is it all, Miss Livingstone?" said John, all his impetuous soul in his eyes. "Is it reaal l P Is there nothing more P" " Isn't it right P" she said, looking up with a shiver of affright. " Have I counted the money wrong P" " Hang the money!" said John, and tearing the pile of bills in half, he strewed the fragments on the Boor; then grinding his heel into his hard-won treasure, n? attered a sort of groan, and walked away. Kite looked aftertim in a wonder that began seen to .bletd with a vague mysterious joy. Two bmanin tears fell out of "her eyes, her whole frame trembled so wrenhoing wasthe birth of gladness to that troubled Olsudia came in, and fading.those two tsea upon Kate's cheekts, the torn bills upon the foor, herrordly wit divined all. "Has he madeo an an oferP"' she said, lifing ten" derly the.maltreated money to?er bosoms al! ced were you goose enough to refuseP I wisehbe'd uk me! How floe it masthave been to thus flinj away these pretty treasures of artl But, my dear, the~l~ m be pasted together again. A delightful task ! 'll do it myself." SSuddenl a black shadow loomed in the doorway. " Why,' said Claudia,."it's the cuant Ala ease heure l" . He was dressed in black from his ead to hs feet, and there weeas an indefinable tone about his costume. His voile shook a little a. he begged ?ateto go with him above lo her mamma. The air,of .tU?eqoome they entered made her .ling to the .ou~~a arm fo support,. The feint dead perfame.ihresbrought beo? to her the phantom that,stood by h?rbedeide.months ago. a Whatis it?" criedthe poor genutlsompintrteh ing out her arms to the, obleman. ! 're.ou the baron P" . . . "I am the bayou," he -psted, bowing .sry low, "and yours, madame, till ,death. ,pAYo sllan mamma," he said, turning, to Kate, bhabeo ?and enough to make me the little loan which: ,panmeo sary for my expenses abroad. ?She it ?w??,who dib covered the melaneholj drowning ot.emy.lor?eoosl-?. She has also given me .to o?pe b ]lfson of an alliance with her'family._ Behold?,m,, Mes Catherine, styoure feet mbeand adfortaonel??. The btrne'e hooda alqrtdoudpd the~emof cambric gown. She looked at tlw e eyw oranium before her a ift ,were a.s?? u anatomy. ,.. My daughter aeepts hse onoa begn Livinogtosne but Kate omade a .gestre i?? al. "You have earned the right to your Ihppia sued her mothers "it was your mooflas geith baron his estates. I took the libheyFs .esl g your mney, Kate, my child t Ihope it waas n qn liberty:' Here Mr. 'Liviagtonebegd aqb..' em and flatter her hands, for Kti'sepeye?restedý o with something in their deptb bs, that what was my daughter' as "Was it yea, mama P e": 4 ete- ,wa ii you P" She escaped; romihe - e olisiegecc the count, and waat overt:t _' Dhtr takeo the money from thbe ate,.mamaimal*':e? esp d "Yes, yes; of course I did. "Oh, memme, mamma,". ?ari ate have lifted a deadly weight from my leari. Mv~ift Is your, dear mamma., . r.... , "Stuff and nonsenlse ried poorlin,.igelon "I don't wat' your life! tive it toith bao there who-he been all this time with]ahishepd 'A?j .that I'm afraid he'll have ar ash of blood. acepts the honour--'. beganpo"or rs. agait,. nd sagain hbr obitinaseaugbter' lin -ed.t "Oh, n&.' said Kate, looking eu th t men with a sort ofterror, "not for the l" "Am I to undeirstand, .madasidstald herron with considerable dignity Yor so ,veeslltlp mae; "that the honour of an allinee witho {rmity Is denied me F" . "Do youn, then, refuse th eelstibiieant.i 4 willing to confer iupon.,u?' iedth wretchedas woman to her daehter,'wtb ejn est ofqstruest blended with despapr. . - . , Obh, decidedly !" sid ate, with aAnolefa aim' plicity. Mrs. Liviugetoie fellbU k smo?g herullsie with a groan ;. cold drops, of agohny toode nopi .her forehead. The baron retrtedpu epp- warde the door. : .:. - Suddenly was heprd alutter of ,drje , "Ahem,". said asnftirlish voice, ..a?a &t;*_a ap peared between the curtains of thebal a ebaremi head crowned with an aieoleof blppde :oaling bait The baron glued hip eye.to thisbautitulappadton He suddenly atammeredout, "1Perhaps Miau Clandis-" Somatabheigin) th=e brilliant eyes had.drawn him thus far,-l b mers h paused, dexled and confuied. : Claudia glided. gr?eefully to sbi sulde;ýshewm tfoy ing with a torn bundle ofback)bllle s a kitten ?ould with aball of white yarn. "Claudia!",meprbanpad Kate, ?aringly but he mother gazedepon her with.phren??Iedegeresa. ! Oh, Claudia, my chlld,silf yout"-. hageeped. "Yea, dear mamma," said thetaldtiflgirltj and shortly after the baron went down atbestai iro at a time, his eyes glitening,underhie apecteolee. :. "`D faith! it.is miraounlos,!'-eaid.. Bat it wasn't atall; itwas peaeitly aatual."Ive Sydney was radiant over it. "It's all right, Kate," he aid ; " fair"quiaal?at What a stir Claude '11 make on the otheraside I take a national pride in these thingseapdikeso as American beauty well represented. Claude sas it at -the magnetic vivacity, tempered with adelicaestlan guor'l there's nothing over there to compare with it." Kate had been revelling again in the. joyof her brother's presence, lifting the thick curls oable high forehead, and pressing themeon her ,warm glad lips, murmuring words of delight, of love :of nspeakable relief and joy. : " Why, Kate, you're glad of it, too," saidSydney. "You are like your dear old self again t we're all pitohed a note or two," said Sydney.. " a are like your dear old self again "r we're allpitehed nste or two higher, somehow.-God bless yea, oild ellow I" he said to the baron, "you've made as th happiest family in the world." Tears sprang to the little nobleman's eyes at this warm outburst he began to believe bhe had made a love.matoh, and was, in truth, neverawlkenedtfrom this illusion. Claudia was eooeedingly food of him as the representative of so much power and pleasure, and always held her lot to be an exceptionally bright and happy one. Imagine the chagrin and dismay of John Dobeu, son., when his daughter readaloud onesa lag the intelligence of the approaching marriage of Mi?s Claudia Livingstone to the Baron Droweki, and the probability that the distinguished mother of the bride elect would accompany the happyoouple to the baron'a magnifient estate in Saxony. " She'll lead him in a nice dance," naurled the re tired grocer. " She'll ride in her chariot now, if she never did -before," said Mary Jane i "the peasantry will take the hores out, and themselves drag the bridal party, and children will strew flowers in their path." "Faugh I" sneered Mr. Dobson, who held in great disgust his daughter's profeienoy in this kind of literature. - The last thing Olaudia did before her weddingjou?r ney was to send the mended notes to John juior With a bit of her dainty chirography. - He went over the next day to the old brick bouse, and found everything in great disorder tbep A-pla-, card was on the door anouoncing the aiHlsale of the valuables within, among which hefouandKaIeooking diauoselate and lonely. John's eacer eyes devoured the weary bestaorm and ead tender face. "Your sister told me to come to youn," he began "she said that you wanted to see me, Mbiss triag stone. Kate-" When that name burst from his lips, it took with it all forther power of articulation. "There i-is--some mistake," atammered Kte. "Mistake J" said John, enifloga praneial joke from the baroness, sad turned sharplyon his heel. In thi forlorn hope frustrated, John recognised the bitterest moment of his life. His breath almost -seemed to leave his body, and he turned -with a gasp whea be heard the faint echo of his name. "John," faltered Kate, holding out to him her hands; "Oh, John !" "AhI" asid John, and reached her feet in a momeut. A little while after he managed to nap out, "'agod for ever bless the Baroness Droweski" and that was absolutely all tile poor fellow could utter. 8ydney found them there when he came home, sepeshless with happiuese. "Why, those Livingstones," said Mrs. Grundy, " are at the top of the heap again I One of 'em'es got a nobleman with landed estates, and the other's mar. ied that rich grocer fellow, Dobeon. It bests all: erst up, then down, then up again, like a pair of •cales !'"-Haryr? RuontAtf. "That cloak, my friend," said an Aberdeen frmer, " wee the beat kind of a clook up to six months ago, when my daughter began to have sweehearts, and now the wretched thing is always two hours slow." Irawaon: Printed and published by the proprietorn, Huonr PAaeson and J. Bowa~Ze 8.zonsl, at the Qeeusland fimse onice, corner of Ellen. borough and Brisbane StrBts. 