A Dauce on Skates- Skating on wheels (has now roaelied a stago of perfection at whicli skating inorges into dancing, and a skating party bocomos a ball. Such an ontcr- tainuiont was (says a rocont London uuuy jm por; jatoiy given at Hnghton :J by somo of the ofllcors of tho Scots Y Greys, stutiouod at the Preston v Barracks. Morning dross was, of eourso, worn, no rollorskato and no stylo of skating yet having been inv'onted which would mako it possible to cut tho outside edge, cross or go backwards in the graceful hut inconvoniont trailing skirt with whioh ordinary dancing is moro or loss successfully managed. But nevertheless the soeno was a pretty and animated one, with tlio manyco"- lourod drosses, Sonsonahly trimmed with fur, tho saiioy Rubops hat, and hero and thore that ghost of a long doad past, tlio , coalscuttlo bonnet. About 250 invitations had boon issued, and thore wore prosont a company not far short of that uumhor. Thero was perhaps soraotliing a trifle monotonous about the pretty littlo cartes de danse supplied to each of the guests. Eighteon dances wero set dowu, and each was a waltz. 'J ho fact is that skating on whools londs itself naturally to the timo and swing of the waltz, and may bo suc cessfully adaptod to othor sorts of dancing only aftor a sovero courso of training, such as could bo undertaken by fow except professional acrobats. A qundrillo may bo managed in a spnco that will allow of considerable margin, and with a band skilful at filling up intojdos, during which partners who htflfljpworsliot tho mark aro struggling back to tho square ; but tho gonoral result is not satisfactory, and tho gamo is not usually considered worth tho candle. Tho motion of tho skater and tho time obsorvod are so noarly akin to waltzing, that wlion tho band plays tho " Briso dos Nuits," or " Quoon ...ab ouo naturally lapses into tho waltz. Ono consoquonco of this that when, according to tho progranimo, and with veryfow exceptions, accordingto thofact, everybody was waltzing, tho scono pre sented difforod in an almost inappreci able dogroo from tho sight witnessed on ordinary club nights. Hero and there two ladies, or a lady and a gentleman, biDke into a waltz propor, moving round in due form and sliding through the stops of " trois tomps but for tho most part the company contented tliom- solvos with skating round tho rink in waltzing timo, and swaying right and loft on tho outsido edge to tho waltz measure. 