DICKENS AND LEMON AS ACTORS; MABK Lemon and Charles Cickens were both' good actors; and were frequently associated with theatrical representations in coiinectibn witbjthe Guild of Literature and Art. These performances commenced* in 184-5,;at Misb Kelly's, now the Royalty Theatre, Deanstreet, Soho. The first performance consisted of Ben Johnson's play, ' Every man in bis Humour' (Mark'playing Brain worm) 4 and Dickens Bobadil), aifd the ' farce -of * Two o'clock in the Morning,' ill 'which Mark Lemion Was the Myatorious Stranger, and Dicken s Snobbington.. In the playbills no names were given, but few failed, to recognise the burly editor, and., the wellknown features . of' Boz.' Soon after this and other performances of the Goild, the Tavistock House thestricajs , commenced. The :firet i of these amateur representations was given in order to exercwe tbe vocal powers of one of Dickens's younger children who, a^<bough of tender, age, poBsesses a wonderful voice, and great dramatic power. This performance took- place on tbe 6th of February, 1854, at 1 the Tavistock, or the .smallest theatre, in the world.- The bill included . Fielding's hurlesque of 'Tom Thumb/supported chiefly by children. Mark' impersonated Glendalen, * tbe beautiful queen of the gypdies,' under the nama of ' The Infant Phenomenon,' and the Ghost of Gaffer Thumb fell to Dibkens, who styled himBelf in the bills ' The Modern Garrick.' A second performance quickly followed, the piece chosen being ' Fortumo; or.^he Seren Gifted; Servants,' by nearly the same company Dickens changing bis name to that 'of the Modern Boscius, while Mark, Who weighed twenty-one stone, .retained the characteristic sobriquet of ' The Infant Phenomenon.' In 1856,. under the same roof, Wilkie Collins* melodrama* <The Lighthouse,' wad given, and a farce performed by members of tbe Guild, written by Dickens and Lemon, called ' Mr. Nightingale 6 Diary.' This performance may be specially remembered from the fact that the drop-scene, which was painted for the occasion by Clarksori Stanfield, sold at Dickens's sale for a fabulous price. Referring to the painting, Dickens writes in the preceding May, little anticipating the value to be hereafter set upon what, to them, was but part-of their theatrical property: 'Tavistock House, 1856.—Dear Markj Stanfield is sorry it ia not the outside-of the light-house with a raging sea and transparent light. He "enters into the project with the utmost enthusiasm, and I think weiihall, with our combination of forces, make a capital thingout of it. Tours, C. Dickens.' The result of this piece made the ambitious amateurs eager for more triumphs, and on the 6th of January, in the following year, another, piece by Wilkie Collins was performed at Tavistock House. The author appeared as Frank Adderaley, Charles Dickens as Riohard Meadows, Murk Lemon as Lieutenant Crayford, and Augustus Egg as, John Want. The farce, ' Animal Magnetism,' followed the new play, which was repeated a week later, with Buckstone's farce, • Uncle John.' In 1847, the Guild gave representations at Manchester, Liver- poo), and Birmingham.—Lo ndon Society. 