BERTHA SHELLEY. The Lily of the Hunter Valley! [An Australian Story of Forty Years Ago.] By WILLIAM AUBREY BURNAGE. CHAPTER XXXV. (Continued.) Bertha here whispered to Anne that she was in no humor for listening to Hal., and wished that he would go back to the huts, and get to bed again. The words were not intended for the old man's ears; but he caught them, and replied apologetically, 'I beg your pardon, Miss Bertha. I oughter a' known better than to a' bothered you with my yarns at this time o' night.' 'It is not that, Hal. Your stories are very interesting, I have no doubt; but my head aches, and I feel so miserable, I hardly, know what to do with myself. Had you not better get to bed again?' 'I've a presediment, I'll never go to bed again in this world, Miss Bertha!' answered the old man despondingly. 'I don't know why, but I feel sure I'll never see the sun rise again!' 'Oh, nonsense, Mr. Brown! You are ner- vous, and unwell. You should, try to shake off these silly fancies,' said Anne soothingly. At this moment a young dog, that had been tied up near the dairy, and felt lonely on account of the absence of it companions, who were away in the brush possum huntiug, set up a most dismal and discordant howl. 'There!' exclaimed poor Hal. triumphantly 'listen to that! Dogs never howl in that tune, unless they have a presedimemt! That dog knows as well as I do, I'll never see daylight again; and that's why he's howling. It's wonderful how they know these things; but they do! I never heard a dog howl like that but the undertaker, wasn't far off,' Hal was here interruputed by the tramping of horse's hoofs, and the loud and boisterous merriment of their riders. 'The bushrangers by George!' exclaimed Hal. as the girls cowered back into the room. CHAPTER XXXVI. I dare do all that may becomes man! He, that dares more, is none! SHAKESPEAR. 'It's use follering them, lads!' said Darby, as Percy, Mr. Blair, and Bow disappeared in the direction of the brush. 'We couldn't track them in the dark; and they know the country about here too well for us to have a ghost of a chance of finding them, even if it was daylight.' The other outlaws saw the force of their captain's words, and admitted the folly of at- tempting to pursue the fugitives. 'What's the next step, Darby?' asked Jen- nings. 'It's no use standing here with our fingers in our mouths, looking at each other! I vote for a search in Blair's kitchen, to see if there's any grub knocking about.' 'We must get back to the horses, and gallop off to Field Place, at once, before old Blair and the others reach it and give the alarm,' said Darby decidedly. 'We've grub enough at the camp to last as another feed,' put in one of the bush- rangers. 'We'll boil the quarts while the horses are getting ready, and have a go in before starting.' 'Now then, lads, waste no time yarning! Follow me; and we'll reach Shelley's station before Blair can get there to give the alarm. Come along!' Darby started off at a smart walk to retrace his stops to the camp; and the others closely followed. As they were entering the brush they we're startled by a shrill sound as of someone calling; but the wind, which had risen, and was beginning to blow strong, prevented them from hearing it distinctly. 'It's only a curlew, Darby!' said Jennings to the captain, who had paused to listen. 'Not it! That's a woman's voice; or I never heard one!' Darby replied. 'Woman, or no woman, I'm off!' said the ex-sailor, increasing his speed. 'I'm not go- ing to wait to be boarded by a lubberly lot of constables.' The scream or whatever it was, was repeated, and thinking that it might indicate the approach of assistance, Darby decided to hurry on, and gave orders ac- cordingly. When the outlaws reached their camp they found the fire still in; and they soon had their quarts of tea boiling. 'Now then my lads, into your saddles!' said Darby, as they finished their hasty meal. 'If we ride hard, we'll reach Shelley's now be- fore sunrise. Recollect, you share all you find. All I want is the girl Sinclair's so sweet on.' Darby leaped into the saddle, and dashed off at full speed through the bush; and in a few seconds his men were in full career after him towards the scene of their meditated violence. The last echo of the sound of the hoofs of their galloping horses had hardly died away, when a dozen horsemen galloped up from the opposite direction. 'Holloa, a fire!' exclaimed Mr. Bartell, the police-magistrate, as he sprang from the saddle. 'Then we've come across the camp. They cannot be far off. See, Musgrave, there is some tea still warm.' 'The riders all dismounted, and examined that spot... 'Pistol wads! and here's a tomahawk!' said a trooper, picking up a hatchet one of the bushrangers had dropped. 'Ill be bound they're at Blair's place. Let's push on, Bar- tell,' said Mr. Musgrove, remounting. 'I think it likely?' replied Mr. Bartell, leaping into his saddle. 'Follow me!' He drove spurs into his horse's flanks, and, regard- less of the danger of riding at full speed through a brush in the dark, hastened on to- wards Euawinga, closely followed by his men. All was as still and peaceful as the grave, as they emerged from the brush and entered the clearing. 'Look, sir, the door's open!' whispered a constable, as they turned the corner of the house. 'Halt! Two of you hold the horses,' or- dered Mr. Bartell in an undertone. 'Mus- grave take Stenhouse, Grey and Maloney round to the back to cut off retreat that way, while we operate in front!' 'What no one about!' one of the men ex- claimed, when, after entering unchallenged, he struck a light and found the place deserted. 'Here's a trap- door. Perhaps the rats are in the cellar?' suggested another. 'At any rate here goes for an investigation,' saying which he disappeared down the ladder. In a few seconds he reappeared, 'There's nobody down that well; they're somewhere else I spect, if they're anywhere,' he said as he scram- bled to his feet. 'Perhaps they may be hiding behind some- thing or other, Sandy,' said Mr. Bartell, looking down the dark opening in the floor. 'There's no room to hide in, sir, the place is so small, that if you were to swing a mid- dling-sized cat by the tail, it wouldn't be well for its ears, I guess.' 'Hand me a light, Dawson, I will see for myself,' said Mr. Bartell, thoughtfully. 'If the bushrangers have been here, it's most likely we'll find some trace of them in the cellar! Ah! I. thought so! Look, Sandy! A woman lying upon the damp floor behind that cask!' he said, as the flickering glare of the bush lamp revealed the form of Mrs. Blair, crouching behind a large barrel. (To be continued.) 