Nli)V8 OF THE DAY. . . A Btcnnmr nriived at Butavia yesterday from Singapore, briugiug a few additional items of European news, which have been telegraphed on. The latest date is the 1-Ith iust., at which timo a peaceful solution of tho Eastern question seemed (either olT than ever. The conditions upou which Turkey was prepared to nranfc an armistice until March next had been rejected by 'the Servians and Montenegrins, anil ltnssian volunteers, encouraged, there can be no doubt, by the authorities at St. Petersburg, were flocking to the standard of I'rinco Milan. The snccesslul floating of the Vic torian three million 4 per cent, loan, and tho succession to the Irish vice. royalty of the Duke of -Marlborough, vice the Duke of Abercoru, resigned, constitute tho only other items of interest contained in the tele gram. It will be seen by our European telegrams that the Victorian 4 per cent, loan of £ .1,000,000 has been successfully floated on the London market. The minimum was fixed at £05 10s.. and, oontrary to tbe usual practice, was announced prior to the loan being allotted. Applications -for debentures were "received covering the required amount twice over, that is, ior £0,000,000. The interest acoruing amounts: to one per cent., so that the actual amount received will be £04 '10s. for every £100. Up to a late hour last night the Treasurer had not received it telegram upon the subject, but doubtless he will be placed in possession of fuller infor- motion to-day. The notiee paper for. to-day's meeting of the City Council contains much business of a routine character, and little of consequence excepting the following : — The- report of the legislative committee, submitting particulars under which Cr. Anderson's licence was ob tained for the sale of spirituous liquors at Wilson's circus ; nnd Cr. Kicbardson's mo tion — That as the resolution of this council, bearing date l9t May, 1S7C, respecting de signs for tho Eastern Market, has lapsed on account of there having been lio competition, that in the interests of tho citizens it is highly desirable that the new Eastern Mar- Uet should be erected with the least possible delay ; and that the acting town clerk be instructed to call for competitive designs, nnd that such competition be open to all the architects of the colony, subject to eon- ditions to be prepared by the market com mittee, and approved of by this. council. Arrangements have been made for the despatch of a special train from the Spencer- street station to-morrow morning, convey, ing his Excellency tbo Governor to Wodonga, on bis way to the banquet to be given the same evening to Sir Hercules Kobinson at Albury. It is probable that Mr. Macpher- son, the Chief Secretnry, will accompany his Excellency. On Wednesday Sir George Bowen and his distinguished guest will arrive in Melbourne by special train, which will be in charge of Mr. Anderson, assistant traffic manager. Sir :Hercales Robinson will remain the guest of liis Excellency during tbe race week. The Steam Navigation Board delivered their decision on Saturday morning as to tbe cause, of tho collision between the steamer Wentworth' and tlio brig Rebecca June, off Wilson's Promontory, :on Friday morning, tho 20th inst. The evidence given on Friday by tbe master of the brig con flicted to n considerable extent with that called by Captain Paddle, of the Went worth. The hoard, after dne consideration, decided that the course of the .brig should not have been altered, and therefore,' having ported liie helm, the captain of that veeeel was primarily tlie cause of the- collision. Still, they did not consider that Captain Paddle did all that he could have done, con- sistently with the safety of tbe steamer, to avoid the collision. They added, however,, that the collision arose from errors -of judg ment not of such a nature as to warrant , a charge of default against either captain. The friends of Mr. .Reginald- Green will be glad to learn that settlement of| Mr. Chambers's claim against - him.- has been effected, and that the order 'for sequestra tion therefore lapses. Under 'Any circum stances it is questionable, according -to the best legal authorities, supported: >y, , a - judg ment Tliiliy-'--1 51 r- . FWLiinv whether the section of - the Police "Act ap- ' plies to Mr. Green's case at all. Clause 02 of the act provides that " when any mem ber of the force has forfeited his "office by reason of any pecuniary embarrassment, if he prove to the satisfaction of the Governor- in-Council that such embarrassment had not been caused by any fraud or extravagance or dishonorable conduct, the Governor may reinstate sueh member of the force in his; former position in the service." Scarcely a month passes that members of the civil ser vice do not recsive the fnll benefit of this clause, and it would be au aot of cruelty to deny it to Mr. Green, considering that Par liament has sanctioned his restoration to the force on the ground that lie was wrongly dis missed from it, and that his pecuniary em barrassments arose out of his dismissal. The Avoca Free Press writes : — If, as sur mised, Air. B. G. Duvies's principal object in attending the railway opening domonatra- tion was to fling up tho metaphorical feather, he should . rest satisfied that the ex- »A«: wind for wafting him iuto tlio haven where strong "waters, billiards anil emoluments re ward those best able to cajole the " free and independent." The omiBsion of his name, both at the railway station and the banquet, when Mr. Grant was loudly called for and cheered to tho echo, is, an incident too marked to be misunderstood by an old election campaigner; and in the : case of Mr. Daviea it means that tho trio whom he has represented for so many years,' instead of representing the district, may return him to Parliament if they can; for, if they can't, no one else will. ' There was an influx of shipping arrivals on Saturday and yesterday, viz., twonty-four, amongst tliern the E. J. Spence and Wodon, from Mauritius, Old Kensington from Lon. don, Ben Voirlich from Glasgow, Lady .locelyn from London "/a Adelaide, Notiveau St. Michel from Probolingo, . and tbe re mainder made up of steamers and sailing vessels from ihteicolonial ports alid coast wise. The' comparatively high wages that men signing articles in this port are able to command is a sore temptation to sailors who coino here f rum England and other places where the rate, of remuneration is very inuoli lower to desert their vessels, in order to be able to join ships in Melbourne. Cases of this description are 6f daily occur rence, but. fortunately for the good name of our merchant service, instances are but rarely recorded of a captain endeavoring to desert his men and leave them behind with- out paying their wages. A disgraceful case of the latter character came under the notice of the City Bench On Saturday. Jt' appears that two seamen belonging to the British ship Crested Wave arranged with the master, Captain Renouf, to reoeive their discharge on condition that they forfeited two months' .wages, £S each. In accordance with the agreement tbey attended at the shipping office to be paid the amount due to them, viz., £17, less tbe deduction agreed to, and to be discharged from the ship's articles. The captain came to the office, and although passing them several times, pretended not to see tbem, and it subsequently transpired that ho had written them off as deserters, \- shipped two men in. their places, and had made arrangements for weighing anchor without seeing tbem again. They accord, ingly summoned him j for their wages to the Sandridge Court. Tbe cases were . heard on Friday last, but through an informality in the summonses they were dismissed. The same afternoon one of tho men, -named Lambert Engstrom, was arrested as n de- Berter, on the warrant .issued through the captain reporting them as deserters at the shipping office. On his being brought before Mr. Stnrt on Saturday, Mr. Read appeared to prosecute on behalf of. the captain, and Mr. Emerson to defend. The facts narrated above having been brought out in evidence, Mr. Emerson applied, under the 544th sec tion of the Merchant Shipping Act, for the infliction of an exemplary penalty. Mr. Sturt, in giving his decision, stated that there was no foundation whatever . for the charge of desertion, anil he thought it was very evident that the captain ' had intended to clear out without payiDg, the men's wages. It was a very - flagrant case, and he therefore mulct the captain in a fine of £15, to be awarded to the seaman by way of costs, and to be disbursed in the. payment of his wages and the costs of his defence. -Mr. Read threatened' to apply to the . Supreme Court for an order of prohibition,' and said he supposed. -it was clearly understood that the man- wat to return - to hie ship. Mr. Sturt declined; however. to express any auch opinion. Further proceeding! will .be taken t!n'e i.thB Lmen to Eain their discharge and the ; beuch; hinted that if the cacuin tried to leave before the matter was settled Heads tRken t0 »rrcst him attfi. The Government Astronomer reports - The weather at the beginniog of last week was hn and cool but rather boisterous with heavy westerly squalls and raiiTartc; midnight on the -2;!ri!, .sheet, lightning o-li -1 cvemn3 "f the same day ; nn tlio -nth it became sultry, with thunder and lightning and ramsbowcrs during tho after noon, followed on tlio 20th by a cool auuthcrly brcczo, alter which it again be came very warm. Fine and clear on the ./tb, dull and sultry on the 2Sth, with thunder and lightning and- smart rain showers in the evening. The highest tempera, ture in the shade, SI.S deg., was recoided on the afternoon of the 27th ; the lowest 4h.l deg. on the early marning of the 26th' irnrn readi"F of tUe b«rter; M, om " 0fuUrre,' a the m>ng o with a light southerly breeze- the lowest, 21L499 In., on the afternoon 0f u 7? X.lth a stron8 northerly wind Ram fell to the amount of 0.80 in., making tho total raiofallsince the beginniogof the year 17.30 m.; aa compared with 25.09 in. during the Maine period in 1S75, 23 97 do k-a 22.14 do. 1S73, 24.50 do. ' 137' do. 1871, 21). SS do. IS70, 21 44 do' 7sr 13.91 do. ISUS, 21.110 do. ISUT, ISJ-j f' 1S13G, -13.09- do. 1805, 23.35 do. lsgl' 25.32 do. 1 803,; 20.45 'do. 1802, 24 90 da' 1801, 17.94 do. 1800, 18.67 do. 1859" 1639 do. 1S5S, or an average of 21.42 in. ' A correspondent writes that a public meet ing to explain the principles of the Free trade League was Iield at the Traveller,' Rest Hotel, Nunawading, on the 20th inst It was called for half- past seven o'clock and at that time the president, vice-president' and honorary.secretary were present. Afty waiting some -time, Mr. Ct. King, put. master, was sent for,, and upon- Ijis arrival a few 6ther persons loitering about the hotel were indpced.to eriterthejroom', tha company now cohaisting of fuuieraoiu all tdld, The' president proceeded, with the business by reading the bill calling the meeting. The object of the meeting was, he said, twofold : first to bring out and secure the return ot.a thorough free-trader at the next general elcc. tion, and iu the second-place to sweep away the presentduties through the Custom House, He then called upon the vice-president and secretary to address the meeting, but ss it was quite clear that those present bad no sympathy with the movement, both officials declined to .respond to' the president's ap peal., , The man John Dervan, who' was arrested by the Footseray police on Friday last, oa several charges of larceny, was taken befort Mr. W.Mitchell, J.P., on Saturday mom- ing, and remanded till the usual court day, The police have succeeded in finding owners for a great number of articles, principally antimacassars and clothing, which had be/a Btoleu from various places in the borragi during the past twelve months. In Kirch, ing the prisoner's house a great numbtt si pawn tickets were discovered corresponi'mj with a.large amount of stolen property. Th/ jirisoner's wife, 'who had' been arrested oa tho previous day, charged - with a similu offence, is near, -her confinement, and has lilt three small children, whom', the police, lot the present, have taken charge of. Tho male prisoner had previously been engagel in one of tho factories.1 At the Emerald-hill Police Court on Satur day, Mr. J. B. Slack was bound over in his personal surety for £10 to keep the peace for three months towards Mr. Robert Atkin- son, of Sandridge-road, with whom he is at issue respecting certain property in Claren- don-street, Emerald- hill. It appeared that there had been a chaffing match all round, and Mr. Slack eventually used threatening words to Mr. Atkinson. A young man- named Andrew Mill/ (eighteen) was on Saturday ib'rought before the Emerald-hill 'Police, .Benuh. on a warrant charging him with having urn the 1-lth ioBt. .embezzled £5 9s. oi the moneys of his employer,- William Slatter,: blacksmith, and upon application be was remanded . for a week. -It- appears that Mills on the day in question got two cheques — ono for £7 10s. 10d., and the other for £5 ; 9s.— from Mr. Train,- Bl&te; manufacturer at Sandridge, to pay oyer, to M r.. Slatter, and only gave up the cheque for £7 10a. lOd, The other cheque he cashed at Mr.. Col- dough's wide and spirit store, and immr, diatdy afterwards leyanteil. , Hie arrest was effected on Friday. A vepy. heavy, fall of hail, such : as bar seldom been experienced in Melbourne, oc curred seafjfril»y .a/toj-hnnH. ! H 'iiu foi. lowed by'raiii, whiqn comedown ie forrenit, aud quickly Hooded tbe channels in Ebza, beth-street and tlie other low-lying parts ot the city. Hailstones as large as marbles descended, and n considerable time elapsed after the shower was over before tbe stieiti were clear of them. , 'The most promising .musicians of the Asylumfor the Blind, -under the charge ol their superintendent, Mr.. | Julius Lovell, leftMelbournepn Thursday to give a -round of entertainments in- the chief centres; of po. pulation., -On arrival At Kneton, the'hitt place' on th'eir, plan, the hospitality of tb good folk, of that place was Bhown in s variety of ways. Not only did kindly people wef. come, receive . and. entertain the ; sightless strangers, but all kinds of. expenses were dis pensed with, owing to the general and ge nerous hospitality shown. About £50 nss obtained, £40 of wliiqli was by a concert ami £10 by the salq 'of Manufactures. , " jJ_ To-day is the last day of entry, for the us civil service and matriculation examina tions, whioh take, place on the , last day of November and 1st and 2nd of "December, The text-books will be changed for the eli mination to be held about 1st Jiine, 1877. ; - Active steps are being taken in Brunswick and Coburg to, put' a stop to; the- aiinov- ancc caused by. persona allowing., cattls to wander nbqut the . streets . "and by roads at night. Mr. Burnell, -the inspector for Brunswick, has stated his intention of applying to havo tbe full penalty of £10 inflicted on those persons- against .whom i previous conviction for, the offence has been recorded, and the inspector for Cobnrg hn also received instructions to proceed, against persons offending similarly in that district. There was an immense ' congregation in St. John's Church, Latrobe'-streef, last uigbt, even the aisles being filled with persons unable to obtain seats, and tbey remained standing until the conclusion. The occisios was a service in memory of the. Rev. Jobs Barlow, the late incumbent' of -St. John's parish, whose decease was announced a fe days since. The Rev. G. W. Torrance »« the officiating clergyman, and at the dure of tho evening prayer he ascended tk< pulpit, aud announced as his text Isaiah lvk, 2: "He shall enter into peace." After preliminary remarks explanatory of the con nection and meaning of the sentence, tbe preacher pointed out its application to the late pastor of that congregation, upon whom he pronounced a glowing eulogium. Tb excellencies of Mr. Barlow in bis yarioa relations of husband, father, friend is- pastor were All dwelt upon and illustrated stress being laid upon the faithful, earns! and simple character of his preaching /tidal the fifteen years that had elapsed sin«w appointment tb the incumbency. The au- course was listened to throughout wit# hushed silence by the vast assemhlsgc- its termination the Dead March in Ssbl wu played by Mr. Greenwood, tbe. organ''1! while' the offertory was being made, and tan hymn, "Thou1 art gone to the grave,' ,wu then sring by the . choir to a singula"? mournful dirge-like tune, composed by tbs Rev. G; W. Torrance. James Lewis, a drayman employed at tbe Shamrock BrewSty, Simpson's-road, w" driving his vehicle in Richmond, on Satur day, when, in passing over a water chum he was jolted otf and fell beneath tbe wbsnb. one of - which passed over him and injures his thigh so seriously that it wa3 fountlne- cessary to at once remove him to the M»' bourne Hospital. - About half-psst six p.m. on Saturday, » small fire occurred at the shop of Mr. Samuel, retail draper, of Bourke-street east. shop liad been closed during the day. uneo: the employes had lighted the gas "U. window, and directly afterwards the gw® were found to be on fire. The flames ws quickly extinguished without the ,nte" tion of the tire brigade. The damage doM was comparatively small. A service in aid of the Hospital. Sun »y fund i was given in the F'tzroy Town yesterday afternoon by tho Vj orkiug Hope of Collingwood and Btar of Mrtb Fitzroy lodges, I.O.G.T. The service «»' conducted by the Rev. J. Mnstermao, preached a forcible sermon on the claims o our charitable institutionsupon the peepto from Galatians ii., 10 :, Re?,e®b„e the poor." Moody, and Sankeys hymn/ were sung by a special choir. lie ance was only moderate, doubtless to the inclement weather, and the cefleebe amounted to £5 2s., all of which wdi go " the fund, as the promoters P»yJ» " peases from their private, boring the sermon, the epeers .tows -w rendered inaadible by the tremendWJ'hw tons' that passed oyer the city, and w »" I found necessary to discontinue that portion I ot the service and substitute a-hymn, t the I termination of which the storm had I abated. . --,-7 . The number of young girls tbat_ fall victims to the immorality of the Chiueso living in Melbourne is known to be very large, but owing to the difficulty attending the detection of those led astray few in stances come to light. On SatunlayTiight, alicut nine o'clock, Detective Fook Sing saw a girl, fourteen years nf age, named Marion Siu-'leton, go into a Chinaman's hovel in a right- of-way by tbo sido of the 'V. R.C. Hotel. He broke into tbo room, and she explained her presence there l>y saying that she had only gono in to lind cut the time ; but the excuse was so palpably false that she was taken into custody as a neglected child. It appears that she left her mother's house in Collingwood to go to her sister, who is a waitress at the Colosseum. The Courier states that intelligence reached Ballarat on Friday night that acting- guard James Smith had been killed while in the discharge of his duties, somewhere on the line between Maryborough and Sandhurst. Smith was formerly stationed as a porter at Ballarat. and was subsequently promoted to the position of head-porter at the Mary borough station. The Cornwall Chronicle states tffat nt a meeting of the Tasmanian Executive Coun cil it was decided that the sentence of death passed on Mary Ellington, on the 10th inst.,-for the murder of her child, be com- muted to imprisonment for life. The go vernor of the gaol informed her of this, and the appeared tbahkful that her life had been spared. The Ballarat Courier mentions that a gen- tlemnn in Bailarat has received a letter from Captain Greenfield, dated s. Algeria, off Now York, 10th August, in whicli he states that the journey of ,tlio Australian . team had, so for, heen 'a very jolly one ; tliat they were all in good health, and had enjoyed their trip home and reception there. They had only two days practice before the matches at Wimbled'oh, and had to fire with new riftesj Which Was Very much against- them. He cays : — " I sent a full file of the daily papers, such as we got at the camp, to Mumby. We were fairly entertained by the people there individually, though very little was" done for lis.'- by the association. Lord and Lady Whamcliffe, who were living at the ranges, sent us frequent invitations to lunch and dinner, and we met plenty of big-wigs there, and very jolly people they were. We were asked to lunch one day to meet the Princess Louise, who had a desire to see the Austra lians — perhaps she 'fancied we were black — but as we were shooting for the Queen's we could not go ; we saw her subsequently, however, at the Lords and Commons match. The weather was fearfully hot. I do not think I ever felt it so much in Australia, ox- eept in Sydney, where one is prepared for it. I must tell you an amusing thing which occurred to King and I one day when we Were sitting at dinner. As we all dressed alike, we got pretty well known as 'the Australians' about camp, and one day he and I were at dinner ; at the table was a third person, and as we were talking about Mel. bourne and other places, he came in with, ' You are Australians, I think ?' Yes. ' Ah, I have a cousin ont there — liis name is Clin- ton ; perhaps you know him ' Does he live in Melbourne ?' I asked ; but he didn't know that. 'He was in Australia, some where.' 'Was he a squatter?' asked King. The man looked a shade staggered, but, not to be beaten, replied, ' No, I think he is a Cornisbman.' Wo enjoyed a hearty laugh, and the Cornishman's cousin joined in when he was enlightened. The Duchess of Suther- land sat next to Sleep one night at dinner, and as she was a chatty old lady, she started all kinds of subjects. and nmonoef nfhowa | that living was very dear in Australia — at least butcher's meat. Sleep replied, ' Oh, no; you can buy a leg of mutton for a shilling.' 'Well,' said the Duchess, 'is not that very dear ?' " The . adjourned meeting of the Mnsioal Association of Victoria was held, on Satur day evening in the German Association's rooms. There was a largo attendance, in- cludingtrustees, membersandossociates. Mr. J. Siede was voted to tho chair. Mr. George Peake, pianist and organist of the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, was elected a member,' and Mr. H. ,T. Monritz an associate. The meeting then proceeded to the nomina- tion of gentlemen to till the various offices. Mr. R. L. .1. Ellery, an associate, was pro posed by Mr. Herz, and seoondod byNMr. . Guenett, as president; for vice-president Mr. . J. Siede, member, and Mr. Joseph Reed, associate, were nominated ; Mr. Lundborg was proposed as treasurer, and Mr.. 0. J. Elsaeser as librarian. For the offioe of secretary Mr. E. A. Jager was nominated. The following gentlemen were proposed for election as members of committee : — Messrs. S, Chapman, ,T. Herz, A. , Zelinan, T. H. , Guenett, G. Gerlach and D. Miranda ; f<jur to be elected. A number of professional gentlemen were also proposed as members, ind the elections take place on the 11th wox. A service was held in Wilson's Hippo- -rome yesterday evening, in aid of the Hob- _jital Saturday and Sunday Fund, under the ' ®usP'cf9 of the Melbourne Young Men's Christian Association. The congregation uuLuuereu aiious huuu persons, and after the usual devotional exeroises had been engaged in, Meesrs. Russell and Ord delivered ad dresses. The collection amounted to £30. The bazaar on behalf of the funds of the Albert-street Baptist Churoh, which has been open during the week in the Atlie- nn'um Hall, was brought to a close on Satur- day night. As there were large quantities of goods undisposed of, the services of Messrs. C. Ham and Mason, auotioneera, wore enlisted, and those gentlemen plied their vocation most assiduously until a late hour. The proceeds of Saturday's sales amounted to £259 17s. 5d., making the total taken during tho week £719 0s. 5Jd. It is hoped that in the course of this week a total of £SOO will he reached. A lecture, entitled Smiles and Tears, with musical illustrations, will be given by Mr. E. S, Carty, in the Athenreum, this evening, under very distinguished patronage. This gentleman is not un known on the platform. He has given several exceedingly interesting entertain ments at the Athenreum Hall, nil of which proved artistically and financially moat successful. Mr. Carty has a very good voice, and an amusing, it might almost be said Hibernian, atyle of dealing with his subject. There ie something in it racy of the soil, and he invariably succeeds in pleasing an audience, however fastidiouB. Mr, Chas. Huenerbein will preside at the piano. Amongst the selections which ap pear in tho programme are the following : — The Irish Immigrant, Aileen Aroon, Here Upon my Vessel's Deck, The Bay of Biscay and others. The entertainment, we have no doubt, will prove an unqualified success. The attendance at the Opera House on Saturday night was good. Lisa Ecoles was repeated, and passed off as successfully as on previous representations. The Fakir of Oolu performed to a good house at St. George's Hall on . Saturday evening, the audience being thorQughly satis fied with tho liberal' programme provided for them. To-night a change takes place, and for tho edification of country visitors the cabinet.business will be revived. Leo, the nuuj >»nt aiau ieappcur upon fcQQ scene ; and a new ghost drnmiettn, from the pen of Mr. Garnet Wnlch, completes the list of novelties. A musical and dramatic entertainment, in aid of the Hospital Saturday and Sunday Fund, was given in the PrinceSB Theatre on Saturday evening by member of the printing trade of Melbourne. The performance was very poorly attended, which may be attributed to the unpropitions state of the weather and the numerous counter attractions. The enter tainment commenced with the drama, in one act, of the Village Tale, and was followed by a musical interlude, in which' the principal vocalists were Miss Emma WeippeytifMrs. Fatey), Mr. W. H. "Williams, Mr. M. Cos- tello and Mr. Knowles. The last-mentioned sang, (i la Emmet, Climb Up, which took so well with the audience that an encore was insisted on, and in complying he sang very successfully Odd Man's Out. The perform ance concluded with the amusing force of the Unfinished Gentleman. The caat was the same as i when the piece was produced a short tune since, in aid of the funds of the -.wj.cia ijiDrnry, ana ine penormers ac quitted themselves in such a manner as to elicit the hearty approbation of' the sudience. The people's concert, at the Temperance Ball, iiuasell-atreet, waa crowded to the floors on Saturday evening. An excellent entertainment was afforded the patrons. t"6 programme rendered was very good, and seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by all present. Miss Sheppnrd, Miss Clifford, ulesdames Kamsdeu and Murphy and the Australian Boys appeared, and were well re- eewed. Mr. _ Lambert occupied the chair, Frank Richardson being, as usual, the conductor. flowing is the report of the Lying-in mi ntM , , Hospital for Diseases of Women nildrcn for the week esding 26th'Ooteb«r: —Patients in hospital, 37 ; admitted during the .week, 12; discharged, 12 ; remaining- in hoi- pital, 37 ; total number of out-patients for the seek, 90; new cases, 23." \- A meeting of the SanJndge National Reform League will he held at the Temperance Hall to night;. ....... . i A meeting of the council of the National Re form League, Melbourne Central League, will be held this evening at Coliins-strcet cast. The business to be transacted is- of an important nature. Tho following is the number of cases re- Jicvod weekly by tho committee of the Mel- bouruo Ladies' Benevolent Society, for the fortnight cudiug tho 21th Oetobor Families, till (uuinbcring I960 individuals), comprising widows 321, sick and infirm 101, deserted wives 52, wives whoso husbauds are in prison lo, wivos whose husbands are absent ila, wives whose husbands are partially employed 27, do. unemployed 12 ,- aged couples, 42 ; single women, 21 ; miscellaneous, 5. Outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, £173 2s. 6d. Industrial Home : inmates, 26 ; expenses during tho fortnight, £31 17s. 9d. : earnings do., 9 lis. 6d. The first anniversary of the Lodge of Emerald- hill, S.C., was celebrated on Wednesday evening It was also tho occasion of tbo installation of Bro. Win. .Marshall, as Right Worshipful Master of the lodge for the ensuing twelve months. Tho installation ceremony was performed hy tho I.P.M., Bro. R. P. Negus, assisted hy P.M'n. Bro. Bods (Brunswick) and A. W. Rodd (Dundee PonB)> in the presence of a board of nearly thirty installed masters. The following officers were then obligated and invested W.S.W., lire. Thomas Ford ; W..T.W., Bro. C. Dungey ; trea surer, Bro. R. P. Negus ; secretary, Bro. A. L. Kfouo ; S.D., Bro. Wall ; .T.D., Bro. H. Bishop; I.G., Bro. T. Main ; tyler, Bro. L. Levy ; stewards, Bros. W, Simthem, Hodgens, Pike and Bradley. Tho ceremony being concluded, be tween sixty and seventy brethren sat down to a banquet catered for hy Bro. H. Bradley. A very pleasant eveniog was spent. 