|tIohb6rniana/ j V MORE EVIDENCE. Obton and Castro, One and Indivisible, Mubdebeb, Mutineer and Thief. _ , In Saturday's Hebald a letter appeared)' written by Mr J. C. Lo Stfge; a gentleman who claims to. be in possession of such knowledge as would enable him to lay his hand upon tho veritable Arthur Orton, but is prevented from doing so through lack of funds. In his letter the writer ex presses his willingness to give for the loan of £100 the sum of £500, should the information he possesses win for him the reward of £2800 offered by Mr Gil bert Onslow for Orton's production in England, (Believing that any. new circumstances, real or alleged, connected with this romance of real life, cannot but prove interesting to our readers, a representative of Thf. Hebald interviewed Mr Le Sage, who moBtcour- teou3ly placed', him in possession of a narra tive which will bp found below in almost the narratofls own words, with'only a few verbal alterations, and such curtailment as the pressure upon the space- of our columns demands. Mr Le Sage said to our representative: " (All the woiid knows that : Arthur Orton, so much talked abont, landed at Hobart Town, Tasmania, in the year 1853, where he was in charge of a pair of ponies, which came out from England- in the ship Middleton. Be tween the years 1848 and 1850, Orton had been in South America, where he became acquainted with the Do'Caatro family, at' a small towii called Mellipilla. I became acquainted -with Orton at Hobart Town'1853, and when Ileft the teland to go Victoria in the same year, he had preceded me by several months, Does it not seem stcange that, at the late trial, no information was elicited as to the whereabouts of VitiUU) IIVIU liUU UlUIIbUO bUUJUICUVlUg UX | '63, and terminating about the end of '54? It was merely supposed that Orton was, during- that space of time, in Hobart Town, whereas in reality he was not there at all. He was in South America during the time, and when he returned ; to ' Tasmania, he came as a shipwrecked .sailor, who had been picked up1 by an emigrant ship,. Orton himself told me, when in aftertimea we met in .Gippsland, that he knew tho fate of the Bella, the vessel on hoard whioh Roger Tichbourne iB said to hive sailed from Rio Janeiro. Orton told in'e that the craft was not wrecked, but that a mutiny took place aboard of her. He was always dumb when asked what part he took ,in the rising of the crew. The story told by tho S" Claimant" about his landing at-Port :Phillip in 1854, in a three-masted schooner, called. the_Osprcy, is a rank lie, an invention of.his own. ; The fiction is based on the following facts: —Arthur Orton was .Btrolling one day about the Melbourne wharves, desirous of again going to sea, and looking for a ship. He met And was engaged by a Captain. Michael Carmichael, skipper of a 64-ton - schooner that had lately come out from Glasgow via the Cape of Gopd Hope, and was then on the berth for Sydney. This little vessel was called the Osprey.' : Hence the confusion. The other Osprey, the one . that bothered the lawyers, never was built ; it and Mrs . Harris .aro identical. If the schooBer Osprey that came to Australia via the Cape had picked up a boat load of shipwrecked mariners off the South American Coast, it stands to rea son. that the men wonld have been . landed at Cape Town, that being the nearest port, on the route to Australia. Now it happened thai, although engaged to serve as a sailor, aboard the schooner (' Osprey, Orton dirt not trn tn Rvrtnpv in Tip.p" flfl she could not get a cargo, and was consequently taken off the Sydney berth, in December, 1854, and sold. At this time Captain J. Johnson, of Mewbarn Park Sta tion,- was in Melbourne making arrange ments for the building of a new homestend, which was erected in the following year, 1865.' . Captain- Johnson and Orton met, and tho latter was engaged by the former to snperin- .tend the landing of cattle at Hobart Towh, as at that time Johnson exported from Port Albert, in his own craft, cattle to Tas mania. Captain Johnson snon found' out that Orton was a very useful servant, and a man likely to be of service, both at thb Tasmanian place of landing and the station of Mewbnrn Park, so the captain took him over in his own craft, the Free Trader, to Port Albert/After a time, in the year 1866, 1 met Orton, and then, he was engaged as Btockman oh the Mewbnrn Park Station. At the end of 1866 Orton went to Boisdalc (station,, under engagement to Mr Foster,' and in the year 1857 he was sent to the Dargo. I know that,. in 1858, Oiton was on a station owned by Mr Foster, but the place ; was called by some aboriginal name, which I do not remember. At this time a dreadful murder was committed. . A man, who at the time was well known as Ballarat Harry (real name Henry, WickenB), ,a former ship mate of Arthur Orton, was found shot dead 1 For this murder, a storekeeper, named Toak, was tried, and acquitted. Strange to say, after the murder, Arthur Orton refused point "blank to remain in the locality where the tragedy occurred. I said to him ' in jest, " Are you afraid of .'Harry's ghoBt?" Then he grasped me by the throat with a sudden movement, and as suddenly . released me, remarking with a laugh, "I'm not afraid of any - d d ghost." I must tell you, Orton was always looked upon as Harry's murderer by the Gippsland people. The next thing I know abont Orton1 is that, at the end of May, 1859, he was em ployed at the " Exchange stables," in1 Sale, and that he suddenly left his employ, taking with him a horse, which he stole— a mare, the property of a Mr Blackam. : ... This performance caused the -following notice to appear in the Police Gazette : — "Arthur Orton, horsehreaker and butcher. Height, about 5ft 94in. . Brown hair ; , stout build; very little beard; pale com plexion; a tooth ' missing in the upper jaw." This personal description taffies to a nicety with that given of the " Claimant," Little'does Arthur Orton suspect that tho. man he left for dead,' with a Hole in hit skull, is living yet I Little does .he know that there is a man living who can produce his fao simile portrait, taken by the Law, and tell that which will destroy himl , After the "Gippsland murder no one hears of Arthur Orton. Why ? The answer ia easy. Is it not natural that a man suspected of a murder, and known: .to be- a .horse stealer, shonld think a change of name desirable ; and is there anything more natural than that ; he should 'adopt the name of his former South America acquaintance, De Castro ? Those who gave attention to the newspaper aecounts of the Claimant's trial, will remember how adroitly he — fearing the Crown might be in posses sion of facts connected' with Orion's colonial career— makes the horsestealing happen in 1869 at .Castlemaine, and represents the persons tried and acquitted for the offence as two in number; to wit, Orton and Castro. It is not true that Orton and Castro were tried together at Castlemaine, 'for' Or ton did not leave1 'Gippsland until' May, 1860. The polico records will show that warrants for the arrest of Orton were in the hands of the police, at all the stations in the colony, in June, 1869; that descrip tions were1 given of him in tho Police Gazette, and that no mention is made of a De Caslre, or Castro. I can also prove that Orton did not go 11 up country" after leaving Gippsland, as I have in my possession a vkgei-looh, .which proves that -he. went to' Tasmania, and entered the service of, a Hobart Town butcher, named William Ham, with whom ' be remained until (the "year I860, when he went-, to Ritrerina, pqd . became, known as Castro, a mail rider. CastrO, "t!lS .'exiuiaii man, was afterwards (well-known at Wagga Wagga as a butcher, but no one heard anything more, about tho horsestealer, Orion. I am in possession of (shipping records, newspaper extracts, photo graphs, and documents written by Orton, but I do not at present fact at liberty to dis close more." I From the above narrative, which',1 _ as' be fore stated, is given almost verbatim, as it fell from the lips of Mr Le Sage, it will be perceived that he believes himself to be in a position to prove that the convict, commonly known as the " Claimant," is ' really Arthur Orton. It will also be seen that .Mr Le Ssge does not pretend to say what became of Sir Roger Tichborne, though he authori tatively claims to be in a position to prove that the self-dubbed Sir Roger of Dartmoor is the actual Orton and Castro' of Hobart Town and Wagga Wagga, 