NEWS AND NOTES. " A memorial has been Western Australia jfor presentation tj Her Majesty, praying for ihe removal the disabilities now imposed on"eipireesl by certain local ordinances, irlici deprirff them of various rights, civil and politiciB enjoyed by the rest of the population. Thp promoters of the movement aretlieTtoma Catholic Bishop of Perth and oitd gentlemen representing other denoniij nations, who point out that the object ij to remove a standing hindrance to sociaj harmony, aud promote those feelings d mutual respect and forbearance should characterise every ChristiaH con? munity. They contend that it is contarj to the spirit of the British Constitmioj that Englishmen should, in any pan oi il| British dominions, be deprived of n £ ;ll l which they enjoy in the mother emmtryj unless there is good reason to apprehenj that the possession of such rights wouli endanger the peace of the realm- wl persons for whose emancipation petitioners prayare landowners, merctaa tradesmen, and others, living P^I and honestly, and as much interested the preservation of order as their neipf bors. The recognition hy the st.uj of two distinct classes of subjects, M ir '| scribed class and a privileged class, stanął in the way of united actiou, social, pohucail or commercial, and so far restrictsniarrfl •ages and retards settlement that, althooę| there is an unusually large proportion oi m| marriedj women, a great number or uif male population, influenced by a relactj ance to tie themselves dovni to the colonrj putfrom them all idea of matrimony. iMJf urge that the persons whose case is ^ presented, were on their expatriationJeil to expect that this colony was to lie home, where they might regain « rtl T' selves and their families the position tne had for a time forfeited; that they take leading part "in the literature and education of the colony, and not!. u« im P, 0I 3 part in its trade and commerce; and. taa although the removal of civil and poUtci disabilities may not immediately the social distinctions which they fostered, such removal is a fctan^^ cessaiy step, and may be expoc " before long to the complete am;- = of the two great elements of the popula tion. To get rid of mosquitoes.-A journS publishes the following on to ^ iect from a correspondent:—^", ,w« brother-in-law, being very much troutw in his sleep by. mosquitoes, took « ™ head to place a young plant of eucalp™ his l>edK«m over night, /rom that ^ ment the insects disappeared,, and be sw Łomiort I have been following Ins with the same result Sfaoufl thxj^ efficacious, our southern pumices ma faced from one scourge. Veof.e ™ oalyptui instead of mosguito euros* " ltis notified in » Govc^nt GazeVe . o„r t.kit the public ofijces will < the 25ŁU inst, h C l ? 5 , Dav Tuesday, the 26th ' ^ t o V MoWy, 1st January, and f'T S v iheSrT I., the departments of Sterns, Post-office and Telegraph, ' Rai ; u T' <I arangenients will be maiii.- fnrev'eut inconvenience through the ll suspension of business on Boxing p^nd Tuesday, the 2nd January. TJie fastest mile on record.—Keen, the ehamiuon bicyclist, ran on the Wolverton Grounds in three out of fourteen S hits in a £50 handicap. Whilst competing in one af these heats agaugt a ftriiJing of Wolverhampton, named SanjfT ti,e champion ran his mile in the ihortesttime on record, viz., 2min. SOsec. jle pace is the more extraordinary as the pound was much worn by previous mining during heavy rain. An American paper says :—" Seven Lnavvay bridal parties recently arrived at Kentucky hotel, cue after another, on die same day -, and seven enraged papas *ere about two hours behind in every m- ' ;(an«." That would make forty- nine entaged papas. The want of confidence debate did not jate place on Tuesday night, in consequcnce of the Premier refusing to postpone ail other business in order to allow jji Berry the opportunity of repeating That lie has so often told the Bouse about ihc Government Early in the evening lie lion, member for Geelong asked Sir James M'Culloch if he would give his motion precedence, and was informed that there was no such intention on the part of [he Government. The Premier stated that a similar motion was discussed on Thureday night, and he could not see itot could be gained by discussing want of confidence motions night after night. There might probably be an opportunity to consider the hon. member's motion the next day or Thursday, but he intended to pi on with the business as it appeared on the paper. Mr Berry pointed out that! no division had taken place on Mr. Jl'Bain's amendment, and asserted that the question was left in the same position as before the debate took place, and he trusted alie Premier would reconsider his determination. Sir James M'Culloch, however, would not give way, and expressed the opinion that as " nothing can ' come " of Sir Berry's motion, it would be a waste of time to go on with it, and he advised the hon. member for Geelong that "he had better wait till the beginning of nest session." The hint was, of course, repudiated, and ultimately it was arranged that the discussion should take place yesterday. With the exception of Mr Lalor, no hon. member expressed any opinion on the subject, and considering tliat a vote of want of confidence was being shelved by the leader of the Opposition, p-ottm., the indifference with which the House treated the proceedings was indicative of a plentiful lack of interest in Mr Beriy's parting kick at the Government The Horsham correspondent of the A rgns says that at a meeting held there on Tuesday to express an opinion on the Ministry withdrawing the Railway Construction Bill, strongly worded resolutions were passed condemning the course taken by the Ministry. It was resolved to telegraph the resolutions passed to Messrs Berry, MacBain, and Woods. A Queensland, paper—the Towoomba Chronicle—relates the following horrible story :—" It would appear that a number of Polynesians were on their way to the Mitchell district, and that one of them became seriously ill—so ill in fact t^at he could not travel. It was evident that he was dying, ajid the man in charge wasBO impatient that he would not wait for the poor creature to die out-right, but he had a hole dug, and the Polynesian roughly buried before death actually took place. Two of the Polynesians at night returned lo the spot where their comrade had been buried, and exhumed him, and tae statement is that the poor fellow lived nearly two hours after his exhumation. We are informed that information connected with this circumstance has reached the Government, and if so, we trust a rigid inquiry will be made." The Assembly settled down to business on Monday night, and a large amount of the Government business on the noticepaper was disposed of. The resolutions of tlie committee of supply passed on Thursday, were reported and passed. The House then went into committee of ways and means, and the Appropriation Bill was introduced, and read a second time, the third reading being made an order of the diyfor Wednesday. The Local Government Amendment Bill, the Juries Bill and the Justices of the Peace Bill were each passed through all their remaining stages. The amendments made in the Pharmacy Bill by the Legislative Council were considered and agreed to, and the Crossed ChequesBillwasalso read a second time and passed. The report of the Select Committee on the parliamentary buildings was then adopted, and the House adjourned till next day at half past 2 o'clock. When the Juries Bill was uoder consideration in the Assembly on Tuesday night, Mr MacDermott proposed a new clause, which the government accepted, and nliich will .abolish the existing practice of challenging jurors in <av3 cases. In future a list of twenty-four jurors will be handed to the plaintiff, who will have the right to cross out six of the. names, and the defendant may object in the same way to six more, and the remaining twelve will hear the case. Air Eerferd stated that he considered the proposal of the hon. member a very judicious one, and the clause fas passed without discussion. A portion of the travelling public is to be released from the system <if locking them up in railway carriages, as Mr Jones itated in the Assembly, in reply to Sir Charles Gavan Duify, that he intended to do aivay with the practice on some of the Government lines on the 1st of January. The lion, member for North Gippslaud stated that more than forty millions of passengers * ere carried by the Metropolitan Railway in London last year with open doors, and without accidents. The Legislative Council eat from 3 o'clock on Monday afternoon until halfpast 1] last night, and disposed of a large amount of business. The Priblichouses Bill was disposed of is committee-alter important amendments had lieen introduced Several bills were passed through their fat stages. The amendments in the ?nblichouses Bill include the definition of the distance from home .necessary to constitute a bona fide traveller, at JO miles. He penalty for falsely representing oneself as a traveller or lodger is not exceeding £5, and for selling liquor to non- qualified Persons on Sunday £10. 1 " The word knowingly " has been. expunged from the adulteration clause. . • t - MrGannson, ILL. A., must lie an extraordinary young man—-in fact, a lusns latum:, if a description of his antics given j>y a correspondent of the Holland Star. « correct According to this chronicler,' sir Gaunson on Thnrsday morning rose to address the House with " his hands as far down as they could dive into his breeches pockets," "one hand on his heart, Md the other *haVii»g aloft a handbill." ' ^ne of the Prussian provincialgoyeni nenis has prohibited pigeon-shooting Hatches, on the ground lliat -they «ome ^ r the definition of cruelty to aiai- The funeral of Mr Heniy Hattam, late mayor of-Sandhurst, took place on Monday afternoon and was very largdy attended. The City, Temperance, and Long Gully Fire Brigades, the members of the Masonic lodges, the Oddfellows, and the Foresters, walking two abreast, preceded the hearse, which was followed by two mourning coaches, the members for the Sandhurst boroughs, and the city councillors and officers. No fewer than eighty five vehicles, containing representatives of all classes of the community, followed the remains of the deceased to their last resting place—the Sandhurst Cemetery. As a mark of respect, the shops were closed during the passage of the funeral cortege through the town, and flags were hoisted half-mast high along the principal lines of reef, at the Town-hall and other public buildings, and also at private establishments. The deceased was only forty-six years of age, having been bom in St Just, Cornwall, on the 21st of July, 183(1. He came to Bendigo in March, 1855, and engaged in gold-digging. Afterwards he erected a puddling- machine, working energetically himself. Subsequently he turned his attention to quartz-reefing, and occupied the position of mining manager of several important mines. In these situations he made many friends, both amongst his own class and the principal mining men of the district with whom his avocation brought him in contact Having been verysuccessfulin!mininginvestments, he retired in 1871 from active work with a. competency, and being nominated as a candidate for the City Council to represent Sutton Ward, was elected without opposition. Previous to this he had been appointed a justice of the peace, as a worthy representative of the mining class. Having, after three years of office, been agun elected for Sutton Ward, he was called to fill the mayor's chair in August last Mr Hattam was also a member of the board of advice, having been placed at the head of the poll at its first election. For some months past the deceased had suffered from lung disease, and on Tuesday week last, on his way from Melbourne to Sandhurst in the railway: train, he burst a blood vessel, and despite eveiy care and attention he died at four o'clock on Saturday afternoon. The deceased was highly respected and esteemed for his kind and manly character, and for the zealous and faithful manner in which he discharged his public duties. He leaves a widow and seven children to mourn their 5S. We learn from the Representative that at the Castlemaine Police Court, Francis Emery was charged with embezzling £201 12s 5d. the property of the trustees of the M.U.I.O.O.F. At the request of Mr Paynter, for the prosecution, the accused was remanded to Friday next, with the understanding that a further remand would be granted on that day. Bail was allowed. During the last few days the betting on the T.B.C. Champion Bace has fluctuated a good deal. Briseis is now believed to be the animal selected to represent the St Alban's stable, and her price has consequently gone up to 2 to 1 offered, with backers ready to take 225 to 100. Richmond is at 4 to 1 offered, 4i to I is wanted about Calamia, and 100 to 15 has been taken about Pride of the Hills. Briseis and Salisbury hare been taken in the double of Champion and Two-year-old Stakes at 1000 to 50, and the same price was taken about Briseis and Savanaka. The Barb and Melbourne have been scratched. The report of the select committee on the Parliament-buildings, submitted on Tuesday, recommends the retention of the present Assembly-chamber, adequate provision being made for ventilation by a central corridor. The first portion of the ,fork—the opening of the main corridor— might be commenced as soon as Parliament rises, and could be completed during the recess. The remainder might then be carried out as fast as the working drawings are prepared. The cost of the corridor is estimated at £10,000, and the cost of completing the Houses in freestone at £180,000. It is proposed to modify the design in a slight degree by reducing the elevation, and substituting a dome for the tower shown in the modeL The question of opening the Public Library and Museums on Sundays was revived in the Assembly on Monday night by Mr Woods. In bringing the subject forward, on the resolutions agreed to in committee of supply being reported, Mr Woods complained that - the Government had not given due notice of their movements, as promised, thereby taking hon. members unawares. The question that the Library and Museums be opened on Sundays for four hours was not debated, but put to the vote, and negatived by fortyone to twenty-six. Scarcely a week passes without the gross mismanagement of the railways being rendered more apparent. The latest proof has been afforded, the Courier points out, by a number of old Ballarat residents now settled in the district between Sandhurst and Echuca. They complain that they cannot reach Ballarat from any point above Eclraca in a single day, unless they go all the way TO and by Melbourne, which, of course, means additional expense. The Echuca train to Sandhurst does not reach the latter place in time to allow of their proceeding to Castlemaine and catching a trainfrom thence to Maryborough, which reaches the last-named place before the starting of the last train from there to Ballarat. The people on the Inglewoood line are similarly situated. Mr Lalor again brought forward, in the Assembly on Monday night, the affair of Messrs L. Stevenson and Sons and the Customs. The opportunity for doing so arose on the passing of the supplementary estimates for the Cnstoms department. He asked the Attorney-General what the Government intended now to do in the matter, It was, he said, announced in the newspapers tliat Mr Stevenson was going to leave the country shortly; and that circumstance, taken in connection •with the fact that the country was on the eve of a general election, ought, he thought, to lead the Government to at once see it to beiheir duty to inform the House and the. country ot wiat they really intended to do in the matter. Mr Beriy also urged upon the Government to etate definitely whether legal proceedings would be pressed against the Stevensons or not. After months of delay they seemed to be in precisely the _same -position as at first, and he considered that the House had now waited longenouglrto hear what the <Sovernmentintendedto do. B seemed as though they were determined to procrastinate the matter, m order to'leave it as a legaty for the_ next Government Mr Kerferf replied that; it would be unwise to disclose at present the "hand " of the .Government, as it would simply be playing into the hands of the other side. When the actions were completed and finally settled, the Government would then explain everything, and accept whatever responsibility might rest upon them. The whole of the pleadings, , he added, had teen completed, and the matter would be concluded shortly. With this characteristic attempfcafc an explanation tóe matter dropped. A despatch to the Turkish Government .from ' ing the Bulgarians to^end a d^nttóon Another big engineering ja'.i is on the (apis For some years there h ts [>eeu a large and growing traffic across the 0_:itral American isthmus, via the Lake of Nicaragua, the route being up its outlet on the east, the River San Juan, along the lake to its westernmost limit, and then across the remaining short distance by laud carriage. It is now proposed to unite the lake and the Pacific by an inter-oceanic canal, the cost of which is estimated at about thirteen millions sterling. This Nicaragua route is that pronounced by the United States Commission, which has carefully surveyed the isthmus, as the most feasible; and although the Suez Canal will always have the preference for the transit of the European trade with the East, the Nicaraguan route, completed by this canal would certainly engross all, or the greater part of the American traffic both withjEast and West With it none of the Californian trade, which also is of cnormoni extent, would be sent round Cape Born. In the Standard, Admiral Cochrane recommends for survey aroote across the narrowest part of the isthmus. He .states that in May last he ascended the Bayano River from the Pacific, with two steam pinnaces, easily, for about ten miles, where it was still a tidal river, attaining within nineteen miles iu a direct line of the port of San Bias, on the Alautic; a considerable extent of the land between being nearly leveL There is, he adds, excellent harborage on the Pacific . A route about nine miles from this was examined by the American engineers and rejected, but Admiral Cochrane observes that the density of the woods would easily prevent them from noticing the advantages of the one he proposes.—Iron. The electric light seems destined to supersede gas for all public purposes. Mature says :—" Experiments were made at Paris recently, Jiefore M. Baron, director of electric telegraphs, on a new system for dividing the electric light A single generator has fed with ailadrui rable regularity not less than eighteen lamps, having each a power equal to 100 gas jets. The effect was wonderful, and the apparatus will be tried shortly at the Lyons railway terminus. The current derived from a* Gramme machine, slightly modified, is sent to a second machine, which rotates before 48 electro-magnets having a force sufficient to give a light equivalent to 100 gas jets. Twelve electric lamps can be fed at any distance. By a very simple commutator any number of these twelve lamps can be grouped together, so that "one, two or more can be set in the same apparatus. Twelve working oil the same point give a real burning sun. The force required to work both machines (the prime mover and the distributor) is derived from a fourhorse power steam-engine. The experiments at the Lyons railway will be tried with sixteen lamps and an engine of from six to seven horse power. The light will be equal to 1600 gas jets." The full Conference for the discussion of Eastern affairs commences its sittings this week. The London World says :—" We are believers in our own uation having it? manifest destiny to become possessors of Egypt sooner or later. Britain has a natural right to it. Prussia was separated from her Rhine provinces by Hanover, therefore Hanover became Prussia: Gibraltar became ours. Austria was not wanted in Italy, therefore Austria had to withdrawfiom Italy. Egypt must be ours if we intend to retain India. We do mean to retain India, and therefore we shall have Egypt The sick man at Constantinople is on MB death-bed. His rule has been a curse to his Christian provinces, and within a very few years they will, tliank heaven, become either nominally Russian or Austrian. We shall welcome this solution of eastern questions, provided we are prepared for it by having established ourselves in Egypt- Who would oppose us ' The French. Nonsense. Let them take Tunis. Who would suffer by it ? The fellahs ? They would be spared from a cruel find oppressive rule. Tiio ivliodivei He would go to Paris and speculate on the Stock Exchange. Let us for once be wise, and wise in time." The Free Press says :—The snake season having fully set in the Kil mo re districts, person whose business leads them through the bush should keep a watchful eye. On Sunday evening last, one of the tiger species was despatched by Sir J. Glover, on a lane off the Sydney road, measuring fully five feetŁlong. On the same day a young man employed by Messrs Lloyd Bros, was bitten on the finger, but has recovered, having chopped off the finger w i 1.11 an axe, and being attended to by Dr Purrier. We have heard of several other snakes being killed in the locality. A letter from Paris to the Philadelphia Telegraph says:—"The fate of the ruins of the Tuileries at last has been decided by official decree. The ruins, massive, picturesque and useless, are to be removed, and a building crected on their site which is to serve as a picture gallery and museum, probably as a gallery for modem French pictures, as the Luxembourg, now used for that purpose, is notoriously the worst adapted edifice .for a picture gallery in the world. The rooms are cramped, the light is bad, and there is no possibility of an adequate display of fully one-third of the art treasures that should be deposited there. It was at first suggested that the walls of the Tuileries should be left standing, and merely the roof and interior replaced, but there were grave doubts expressed as to the soundness of the foundations, and so the last vestiges of the historical palace of Catherine de Medicis will shortly disappear. I am told that before the ruins are removed, Gustave Dore intends to immortalise them in one of his characteristic designs. The picture will represent the facade of the ruined palace by moon-light, Above, in the white shimmer of the light hover the spectres of the Kings and Queens of France that dwelt there, from. Catherine de Medicis down to Napoleon III., their shadowy forms just visible against the sky; while below, through the hollow, casementless window, peer the. mocking, exulting shapes of Discord and Anarchy, the terrible ghosts of Revolution and Bain. Whether the picture is to be a painting or a wood engraving has not yet been stated, but it will undoubtedly be a weird and powerful work.', A board will be appointed to investigate the charge brought against Mr Thtraites, postmaster at Creswick, by Mr Dowling, P. M., of having tampered with letters addressed to him. Hie members of the board will probably be Mr Higihbotham, engińeer-in-chief; Mr Tyler, asistant commissioner of cnstoms; and Mr W. H. Wright, sheriff Miss Thwaites, who is assistant in the post-office under her father, will be removed from Creswick, as the relations between her father and herself are. such as to render it impossible for them to carry on satisfactorily the business of the post-office there. The St Petersburg Herald states that a neutral occupation of Bulgaria is the extreme limit of Russia's concession. The Porte, however,, rejects any foreign occupation. The Turkish armament is being pushed forward with great energy. .'. The prefatory conference at Stamboul has endedwitiioiit .any formal .resolution bong drawn up. General Ignatieflr informed Lora Salisbury that Russia would accept, a Swiss or -Belgian occupation of Bvi .aria ^ ' England has not yet replied to the suggestion, • • 