THE meeting held on Monday night in the Alfred Hall was, in one sense, a very successful one. About 1600 persons, as we ascertained by actual computation, were got together, and about one-half of that number were enthu siastic in favor of the - stone-wall- project. Rather more; than one-half voted, for .the reso lution put,' aud only-one or two, ■ as usual? voted against it. The case as put by nearly all the speakers was a good one—one that admits of no dispute—if only tlie premises from which they started’ be true.' Those premises, we may say at once, were very old and very familiar ones. It was assumed, from Mr James, who -spoke first,' to '-Mr Berry, who spoke last, that the time had come when the people must fight for their rights and: their liberties,' and resist an organised, effort on the part of Sir James M'Culloch and others to destroy “ democratic govern ment. Mr James said that the secret aim of the supporters of the/ Ministry ■ was, .“ to build up an aristocracy." Mr Fincham was. of opinion that the question really was, whether the people should.escape from the ; degradation in whichithey.hadliyedso.long. .“The Major,” was, of course, very strong in the same direc : tiou, and Mr Berry spoke a number of varia tions on the same theme. Ho averred that “ the money power " was bent'on?doing, if .it succeeded, now, “ all sorts of damage to r the' Constitution," and that failure meant a com plete defeat of the people, ! If all these things be true, then we say that tho speakers made out a good case, and-are to i be looked, upon-.as , patriots of -the' purest water. : But . none of these things was ! '';No : 'evidence-*waB • adduced to show that the niaj ority in the As sembly are bent on! dtetwying/tiho ‘ riglilajnd’ hberties of the. people, or that Mr party werfrfighting in ahy pthemuse than tfleirowiT. the assertions made wej have, the speakers, aoifle •jatner euri(pB,^aci^p : la4 the first place,, jfol happen Mr Berry wantetlf Sir? Jamfe3: r ''M { Cunpch‘ c: to join his and if that astute, gentleman had consented wei should never have, heard anything about the bursting-up land-tax In the second piaee'j we have it on record that Mr Berry accepted of Mr Casey ? and voted Mthougfi thahaTnendinent"was" specialljrffamed' : to exclude any mention about a spidai't|x that until Mr Berry the co-operatio'n 'of Eif'James M'Culloch, whom' he now [denounces in such strong terms, none of the terrible things assumed to be involved in the present struggle were heard of, and we must conclude that either Mr Berry was pre pared to let them lie unnoticed, or that the whole business is an afterthought. We are warranted, then, we think, in asking for some proof of the statements made to justify the jstqneJwallers, and in demanding some explana tion of the course taken by Mr Berry in seeking the aid of a man whom he knew, he says, to be an ‘arch-conspirator against the liberties of the | people. We are justified, too, in demanding a full explanation of the reason why Mr Berry abandoned the bursting-up por tion of [his tax, when he thought that he might get a niajority. .Assembly by.so ; doing. As to the hliegations made against the majority, they remain allegations simply, and it is open to anyone to make them, and not take the trouble jto prove their truth. To rational minds all the foud talk about conspiracies will seem the merest folly, because everybody knows that such statements areftheccurrent coinr of agi tators. j We have heard the same things a hundred times before, and the same lavish pro mises of the wonders to be effected by those who want the support of the public. Only we .happen to know that these wonders never come about, and that the promises made upon the platform are quickly forgotten when men attain to power. We, however, in favoriof.-aland.-i tax, and that they feel that the colony is not ’irf 'sb.'sound a state as it should be. When Mr Berry 'said, as he did, that thousands were flocking to other colonies, .he forgot how grave ; a censure that was upon his own darling policy. He has declared, many times, ithat this colony is in a splendid state of prosperity,, but he forgot these things on Mon day night When another/; case to make, out. He forgot, also, that the people are flocking away to colonies that have not had the benefit of his fiscal views, which must, we should think, make him doubt whether it is the very best, after all. Mr Gaunson must have the credit of having made the one novel contribution to the discussion, if such it can be called. ' He pointed out that Sir James M'Culloch proposes only to levy an income-tax upon i incomes derived from property ■ in the .colony, whicho would) be (evaded by? mogeVj being banked in other coloniei, and would allow those whose ■ incomes are derived from stations in Eiverina to escape. This, if correct, [is an error that must be amended, and we are sure that it will be. In other respects, the speeches were a repetitiomof the,,wild state ments as to a conspiracy against democracy, which have been made any time these last dozen, years, and are always made when a man 'Or a body of men has a purpose to serve. Such statements only help to create excitement, but by. .no means aid sound legislation. The -criticisms on the Acting-Governor’s con duct were, we, ,think, to some, merited, out ~ ■ £ Mr- Berry- confined"' /3usl remarks to his own Ministry, and did not point out that the real mistake was, in not granting Mr Kerferd a dissolution. Had this been [done there would have been a proper solution of the whole difficulty, 'and the chances are, that Mr Berry would neyer have come into power.. On the other handi Mr Berry forgot to point out,- that when he was refused a dissolution the Acting-Go vernor knew that Sir James M‘Culloch had a majority, and this is, certainly, a.strong justi fication of his action. It is noteworthy, very significant in fact, that the ground for the stone-wiU/has; .bejen.-] changed, /and; Jhe. solid, rock: of former meetings has been found too" shaky. We did not hear one speaker allege ■thit the Assembly was incompetent to deal with financial legislation, because it was selected for another purpose, which.used to be the favorite theme up to the last week or so. It.has been discovered, we presume, that what Mr Kerferd and Mr Berry could do, without a doubt being so much as hinted, Sir James M‘Oul loch is also competent to do, and so the ground has been changed and the stone-wall is to be based upon the rights of the people, and their long degradation. We point out this change be muse it shows that the stone-wallers did not set out with any very clear intentions, just as Mr Berry’s abandonment of his bursting-up policy to join Mr Casey shows that he did not regard .-it as essential to the, salvation, of the coiihtry. " Tfi'erd can be ho doubt that ? there is a desire for a more equitable adjust ment of taxation, and that many persons feel that something is, somehow, wrong, but the wild assertions made at this last meeting only prove that men will say almost anything to get into power, and that a portion of the public likes very„strpng p.oUtical meat. _ The report prepared for the meeting of the Band and Albion Consols Company on Thurs day will be one of the most important ever submitted to the shareholders. To put the matter briefly, the report tells the shareholders that if co-operation in draining cannot be ob tained, the company had better wind up, as operations cannot be carried on profitably. How, this strikes us as the sounding of a pos sible knell to alluvial mining-on the Sebastopol plateau within a very brief space of time, for if the Band and Albion Consols Company sus pends operations it is not likely any other company will be able to face the enemy. The position, therefore, is one to be met not only by ttid Consols. Gqlapanyj.> ( but by alb the cppi-< pahies and all the miners interested in tlfe continuation of mining operations on the hill. And not by mining companies and miners .only, but by tradespeople both in Ballarat and for they are all interested in the matter. Indeed, we are_ Jnought by this re port of the Consols directors just where we found ourselves when arguing the case some time ago, at least in so far as it refers to the absolute necessity of co-operation. But the Consols board is hopeful of the future in the event of a properly-laid scheme of drainage being organised, and as men of long and well-tried experience they have a right to be listened,!toj\when such a*subject. They say:—“A large amount of prospecting has been done at the No. 1 shaft, and a considerable area of payable ground was being opened up, when... thejflqoding occurred; and we confidently believe if a combined effort be made by adjoining companies and by the phblic to carry out an effective system of .draiqage^profitablej;employment Jbe given, to a large number "of'"men, "yb*ur' niines, but along the whole line of lead for ■years to come. In the absence of any such ‘cp-operation, your . directors[.are of opinion operations cannot nil 0 continued profitably.” There is, in our opinion, absolutely no appeal from this judgment. Drain or give up the ghost, seems to,be..the formula so far as the mines at Sebastopol J go,' and 1 ’ that meads''also,’ that unless money be found to drain the Sebastopol gutters, hundreds more miners must go away and tradespeople must lose customers and possibly payment of debts, whose liquidation is only possible by heads of families being (from;, loss .of work, and from the breaking up of their homes. We have already said that a Government by way, of loan wouldbe as fair a thiugito. flginahd": injthis as for; any extraordinary miningiyentUrej such as the City of Ballarat.’,, Company’s enterprise,, or that of the.Magdala Company, or for prospecting-pro per, for pew, fieldS.v* v We,fare'-n6fj enamored of grants for any such purposes, _but there are extremities when the rule of non cdddhhg_ may-be hvi?ely T brdkeh'in''the J direc-' tidtf of something^like; .suchmonetaryassist iancerns.lhatdndicated.,,But in any„ey,ent; there must be a coming together of the miners and tradespeople - :of the localities interested, or nothing yriil jbe.; done.r. { If they-dp not, or if the miners and,- companies do not organise a drainage scheme, the Government’ will cer tainly not lend ; a hand; and the collapse pre-, dieted by the,,Consols directors, will, we sup pose, be certainly'’arid rapidly inevitable. ---' ■ 