CRAZY PROCEEDINGS. WHEN- a man has transgressed what aro held to bo the ordinary limits of sanity in avery day life, and proves to his fellow beings that the well-balanced equilibrium of his iine tumpored, or roughshod miiul has been dis turbed and incurably deranged, those of his friends who have an eye to liis irelfare gene, rally make arrangements to seclude him in some asylum during the period of his lunacy. It is a fortunate thing indeed for the colony that there aro so few cases in it, but it would almost seem, from the meeting of delegates from the Sandhurst Friendly Societies, held on Friday evening, that we are to have a sudden outbreak, in an aggravated form, of this peculiar disease in our own city. This thought presented itself to the mind of one of the delegates at tin) meeting held en Fri day evening last, and it is really not to bo wondered at, considering the irregular and disordered nature of the proceedings. The delegates met, as our readers are aware, to consider the best means of clearing off the debt which lias been incurred in improving tho Friendly Societies' Recreation Reserve, for which a few individuals have become re sponsible to the bank negotiating the loan, and the interest on which the latter are obtaining from them. The delegates who have been chosen to settle this very diliieult and arduous' business, had evidently fully recognised tlio importance of the rcxxti. quasiio, and had each brought a scheme for solving the difficulty and untying the Gordian knot. At least, so it would appear from the discussion which took place. Read ing the report of the meeting, wo find-" It was next decided, after a protracted discus sion. that the number of members of each lodge should be ascertained by the secretary from the last quarterly returns of friendly societies, and that on these a levy should be made "-and the next thing we observe is, that " the Chairman introduced the nexc subject-the ways and means by which the money should be raised to pay the debt." The delegates had arrived at the decision of ascertaining the number of members in each lodge, and making on these a levy, presum ably for the purpose of paying oil' iho debt. We find further on, however, that the mem bers obstinately refused to agree to an amicable mode of settling the debt, and as obstinately refused to recognise the fact that, by having decided to raise funds by a low, the matter had been practically settled. In fact both delegates and chairman seemed to be thoroughly imbued with a mania for wandering as far from the real object of the meeting as possible. Indeed, one might well fancy, were we not all fully aware of the integrity of each individual's character, that their conduct was a well-simulated madness to avoid the honorable discharge of a debt fairly incurred; but we rest satisfied that hi iiwonstiijitc conversation was the outcome of the malady with which the members seemed to be afdicted. It was highly amus ing, besides being very instructive, to wit ness tile attempts of the present delegates of the Hibernian Society in their endeavors to whitewash the blackness of their sins. "Speak of a man as you find hiin,'; is an old {saying-, but, in the present case, we would rather be spared the unpleasant duty of speaking of friendly societies' delegates, mora particularly when they have made an exhibition of themselves in a meeting, which would form a sufficient reason for having them examined as fit subjects for a lunatic asylum. 'Die Foresters h ive plainly intimated their desire that a levy should be made, and that they are willing to stand their fair propor tion of the expenses. As this society con tains the greatest number of members of any society in the district, their pay ments will be the heaviest; and, seeing that they are willing to bear these expenses we cannot justly perceive how the other societies, who will have to contribute in pro portion. can have the slightest objection to this method of solving a very simple diffi culty. This was stated distinctly on the part of the Foresters 011 Friday night, and, if we understand aright, the others also at first acquiesced. Under these circumstances, why a resolution to that effect was not put to the meeting b} the chairman, and explained, is not very intelligible. Instead of this being done, each individual delegate was allowed to air that eloquence, begotten of private debating clubs, which they appear to think will be acceptable to the public. It was only natural to this assembly of wise men that the object for which they had met should bo a secondary consideration, and that their extraordinary talents should be devoted gratuitously for the management of societies in general. It does seem somewhat paradoxical that those who could not manage the business of a meeting should have such profound sagacity as to enable them to detect the failures and shortcomings of a demonstration committee. [t is a nut for us inexperienced mortals to crack; but, when we have succeeded iu extracting the kernel, we find it consists apparently of a desire to avoid the payment of a liability legally contracted. Until the members have re covered from the hallucination they labor under, and recognise the example set by the Foresters, the impression, as expressed by one of them, will prevail in the public mind that what is required for them at present is some effectual treatment for temporary lunacy. T111: COX^ENT SCHOOL.- The day-school con ducted bv the Sisters of Mercy, at the convent iu Bsrkly Terrace, is daily receiving an accumula tion ill the number of pupils; seveuty children already attend the school, and very soon an ex tension ^ of buildings will be required to keep place with the applications made for admission of scholars. Pareuts of various denominations apparently prefer sending their children to this school, because of tho high class education the accomplished sisters are capable of imparliu", and also 011 account of the gentle yet firm discipline and careful moral training incuicated. THE WKATHI.R during the past few days has been c,ld, necessitating the use of topcoats, tee., to a jjreat degree. Rain cannot be very far uir, the sky last evening being overcast with b.ack clouds, and having a very gloomy appearance. The thermometer, yesterday, at Messrs. Joseph and Oo.'s, Pall Mall, regis tered as follows:-9 a.m., 39°; noon, 4G"= . 3 p.m., 51 0 ; 6 p.m., 45 = ; maximum, 5G = . minimum, 37 0 ; barometer-9 a 111 °9'440 . 0 p.m., 29-320. ~ ' The sixtieth monthly meeting of the Sand- hurst Benefit Building and Investment Society was held at their offices, Bath Buildings, last evening; Mr. J. A. Woodward, J.P., in the chair. The month's receipts were announced as L1,540 5s 9d; after which the nominations for office-bearers for the financial year 1876-1877 took place, and the following gentlemen were nomimated:- President, Mr. J. A. Woodward; treasurer, Mr. J H. Abbott; committee, Messrs. A. Bush, T. Bisset, T. J. Connelly, H. Hattam, J. Horwood, R. Moorhead, L. Robert- son, T. Smith, R. B. Slobom, W. Watkins, F. James, R. Clark, J. A. Brown, H. Haisman, M. W. Bent, W. J. Baker, J. Feeney, C. Cat- tran and A H. Shum; auditors, T. C. Southam, C. W. Douglass, and J. Adams. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.- Michael Hogarth, aged GJ years, admitted into the Be.idi-o Hospital on the 19th May, died yesterday morn from dropsy. BILLIAIIDS.-The lovers and admirers of the game ot billiards will have an opportunity altorded them on Friday and Saturday next of witnessing the wonderful play of the champion of In hard players-Mr. Roberts, juu. Messrs. Bourke and Stoffers, the lessees of the Citv Club billiard rooms, have made arrangements for the appearance of Mr. Roberts for two nights on Sandhurst. Io those who are players this visit of the great English champion will, doubtless be a great treat. / ' DENILIQL-IX AXD MOAMA RAILWAY.-Great progress during the week has been made 011 De u.hqum and Moama Raihvay works. The goods shed and platform have been worked upon, the shed is about 200 feet by 45 feet, and is -n be a good substantia! structure on heavy piCs capable of housing a very la,ge quantity of goods and merchandise. Opposite to the goods shed is to be the platform for passengers. A good block road will be laid up to the Koods platform; the directors seem determined to have the approaches to the goods depot made firm under foot, so as to enable it to sustain the weight of heavily laden drays with wool and merchandise. I11 order to permit drays and other vehicles as well as sheep, ca.Ue, and horses, to be brought with ease to theseveral departments set aside for them, the directors h.ne leased about sixty acres of grouud from Government at Deiuliquia terminus, at °Qs an acre per annum I" this rented area are'two or <. ,[!r V "eVer hilvinS been legally dedicated and gazetted the company have a right to close, and they will be fenced in. There will be a crossing place set apart close to the lagoon, which will meet all public require ments for some time to come. When population settle down around the terminus, and to the south .-.nd south-west thereof, the directors will be prepared to meet the public necessities in re gard to other crossings, but the claims, caprices or selfishness of isolated individuals cannot be submitted to in making thoroughly useful a great national work, such as this line is expected to be eventually The line is intended to return fair interest to the investors, and uo effort to effect this will be omitted, we believe, bv those at the head of the euterpriie. Great pressure has been brought to bear upon the directors iu order to hasten the day of opening the liue for traffic, n vast amount of goods mid merchandise are in readiness to be despatched from Ecllnca thereon. V> e believe that 011 the 15th June the line will be ready for this purpose, aud soon afterwards passengers can trarel by it. I'or" the present the first-ciass fare to' or from Kchuca and Deniliquin will bo 15s., second class 3s. Pavijral Times. They are linking a new kind of cloth in Lyons from the down of hens, ducks and geese. Seven hundred aud fifty grammes of feathers make one square metre of a light aud very warm waterproof cloth, which can be dyed iu -ill shades. ELMORE STATI: SCHOOL-A correspondent, signing himself " Indignant Parent,'" writes us a very warmly-worded idler, iu which lie com plains of the general conduct of the master of the Elmore State School. lie says that the Department of Education lm' heeu appealed to with a view to his removal, but, so far, without success. In the absence of any specific charges we can do no more than simply allude to the fact of the receipt of the letter, and it is only due to tile teacher himself that he should know that :in adverse feeling exists asrainst him. No. 1 SANDHURST VOLUNTEER FIBE BKI GAiiii.-As pecial meeting of the above brigade was held last ev.-ning, to take into consideration the dispute in reference to the cup presented by Messrs. Joseph and Co. The secretary was in structed to wait upon Messrs. Aspinall, I3ro»n, and Connelly to demand the cup. as it was con sidered that the conditions specified in the lettt\r from tlie Board of Management justified the action. NATIONAL REFORM I/EAGCK, BE.VDIGO. There was a large meeting of ladies yesterday afternoon at the Masonic Hull, for the purpose of making arrangements for the soiree on Wed nesday (to-morrow); a good deal of business was transacted, and it was decided to meet again at four o'i'.ock on Wednesday afternoon to make final arrangements. A meeting of the League committee was also held last evening, at the oSice of the secretary; the business transacted being iu connection wiih the soiree. The re ports of the sale of tickets were of a satisfactory nature. I; was dccided to meet the guests at the railway station, where they will arrive by the 4 15 traiu, and drive them to the Shamrock Hotel. Altogether the demonstration promises to be of a first-class character. SANDHURST COUI:SIN ~~(lie above club was held hist evening at the Royal Hotel, when the following members swere present:-Mr. Msorhend (in the chair), and Messrs. lirown, C. Quin, Henderson, HolTmeyer, Carr, and S. Smith. The following gentlemen were balloted for and elected members of the club:-Mr. D. Jones, of Melbourne; and Mr. 0. Seward, of Kehuca. Two new members were proposed, namely, Mr. W. H. Roche, of Mel bourne, by Mr. Brown, secondsd by -Mr. Carr, and Mr. Beuglev, by Mr. Lewis. After the ac counts in connection with the late meeting had beer, passed, and some correspondence acknow ledged, amongst which a letter fiom Mr. B innir, stating he would be happy to act as slipper at. future meetings, was received. The handing over of the various prizes closed the meeting. We understaad that the club will probably hold a meeting; on or about the 12th of July, when a programme iu connection with the Sunburv Stakes will be submitted. CHILD DESERTION".-A most peculiar case of child desertion was brought under the notice of the public at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Constable Clark of AxeJale brought iu a female child about two months old, and placed it before the court on a charge of being a neglected child. It appears that on Friday morning last a man employed at the Homebush Hotel, ou the M'lvor road, went, into the kitcheu at tha' place, and there found the infant wrapped up verr comfortably. The most sin gular par: of tliu affair was the diseovery ot a piece of paper attached to the clothing, ou which was written the address-"Michael Boyle." The case was remanded to allow of en quiries being made respecting the parentage of tlie child, and it is stated that, when tile case is called on for hearing, the pol.ee will be able to prove conclusively who tile parents are. AKIUVAL OF PitisoXKK.s FitoM Ni:iv ZEALAND. -Yesterday afternoon, Constable KilfedJ.er, of the Sandhurst Police, who was despatched to Xew Zealand over iwo months ago to identify two men who had been arrested 011 warrant at Duuediu, for larceny from a dwelling at Uchuc.a, arrired in this city with his prisoners, en route for the border town. The names of the men Are Frederick Fitzgerald and Charles Pearson, am! the alleged circumstances of the offence com mitted by them are briefly as follow:-Fitz gerald was a lodger iu a certain hotel at Kciiuca, and became over-intimate with the landlord's wife. One night, he is said to have connived at drugging the landlord, and then re moved, with the assistance of Pearson, some of the furniture, jewellery, &c.;, in the house, and levanted with the faithless fair one to .Mel bourne. There a separation took place between the lady and Fitzgerald, ana the latter took steamer to Dunedin with Pearson, leaving li.-r to shift for herself in Melbourne. Meanwhile, the outraged husband had realised his position, and reported the matter to the police, and a warrant was issued for the apprehension of the two men named. To-day they will be brought up before the Kchuc.i Bench. BROTHEL ROBBERY.-Robberies at brothels are becoming alarmingly frequent in Sandhurst, and until some of the low women who make it a practice of riding men's pockets are c.iught red handed in the act it is doubtful whether the practice can be stopped. Up to the present time the numerous cases reported have been wrapped up in mysterious circumstances pointing di rectly to the guilt of the accused, but the evi dence lias not been sufficiently explicit to warrant convictions and consequent warnings. Yesterday an Italian woodsplitter, v;ho gives ttte name of Antonio Prouiuia, came into Sandhurst with an amount of 11101103' i" his possession, and as is usually the case with men who have been working in the bush for some time, and have ac cumulated a tidy sum, he began to imbibe and soon found himself in a shanty in Bernal- street. lie was here met by Jane Wilson, one of the frail sisterhood, who induced him to go to her house. Prouiuia was of a wary disposition, and at this time lie put his money, amounting iu all to £14, iu his handkerchief, carefully tied it up, and placed it in his shirt, doubtless thinking that it would be perfectly safe there. Notwith standing this precaution, however, he was re lieved of the treasure, lie went to Wilson's house, and after the lapse of a short space of time he found that she had flown, and that his handkerchief containing the money had beeu stole <. He gave information to the police, an l the woman was arrested. The stolen money is not identifiable, hut Pro-iinia says that he can swear to his handkerchief. There was 110 trace of the stolen property in the house. The pri soner will be brought up at the City Court this morning. THE LATH MR. SIM'S WILL.-Our Marring cor respondent has been given to understand that the late Mr A. Sim, whose death was recorded the other day, has bequeathed the sum of £25 each to the Bendigo Hospital and the Benevolent Asylum; whilst, to mark his sense of the kind ness and attention shown to him by Mr and Mrs Waugh during his long illness, he has devised the residue of his cash and property to their benefit. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The number of visitors to the public reading room for the week ending 10th June was 4G8. RIFLE MATCH-The annual rifle match be tween the Bundigo Rifles a.ud the E -.nrald Hill Artillery and Southern Rifles will take place at Sandhurst on Saturday, 1st July. This tri angular match will prove very interesting, and our l.ical rifles will require to exert all their skill to enable them to prove victorious, as their opponents have shown themselves to be about the best shooting corps iu the force. The Match Committee of the Beiidigo Rifles have, with a view of selecting the best shots of the corps to represent them, postponed the nowina'.ion of the team until the iOlh instant, and have chosen the following members for practice:-Sergeant Major .Martin, Sergeants J. Fly, C. Fly, Djason; Privates Bent. Dahl, Daniels, Davidson, Dodsou, Haddeu, Hall, Hope, Mann, O'Brien, Smith, Stone, Thomas, Ward, and Wilkinson. Thurs day, Saturday, and Monday next hare beeu set apart for practice by the above members, when it is expected that those desirous of representing the corps will be present nt the Back Creek Butts, firing commencing each occasion at 2.30 p.m. SCAKLET Fizvr.n.-Our Maroug correspondent writes:-Notwithstanding the prevalence of this disease in many parts of the surrounding dis tricts, and the notices which have been received by the Board of Advice from the head teachers of several of the Stale schools, to the effect that the contagion was affecting some of the children under their tuition, I am glad to be able to inform you that, in reply to my inquiries 011 Friday and Suurday, I ascertained that not only had 110 fresh caies beeu made known in those places to which I have previously referred, but that most of those affected thereby were progressing towards recovery. I am also pleased to be able to contradict a statement which had been circu lated to the eifect that it had made its appear ance on Wilson's Ilill. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The committee ot the Mechanics' Institute held its usual monthly meeting last evening at the institute Present Mr. A. Bayne (in the chair), aud Messrs. Anderson, Connelly, Vahlaud, Ross, Hurst, Clark, Webb, Hayes, Graham, Dyason, and Craig. The finance report was read, showing that the amount of subscriptions received was £46 las., and rents £3 10s., and adopted. Ac counts were also passed for payment to Mrs. Grange, Karl Yan Damme, buildinc fund, and officers of institute. Mr. W. C. Vahland was instructed to effect certain repairs in the insti tute. The annual meeting of subscribers was then fixed to take place on the last Tuesday in July. A letter was read from Mr. Phillips, the secretary, calling attention to the fact that his connection with the School of Mines ceased this week, and soliciting the committee " to reinstate him as regarded salary, etc., as previously." Mr. T. J. Connelly moved that the secretary be salaried at the rate of £4 10s. per weeV;, aud Mr. Vahland seconded the motion. Mr. P. Hayes then moved as an amendment that the secretary's application be deferred to the com mil tee to be elected next month at the anuual inpcting. Mr. Webb briefly seconded the amendment, and upon it being put to the meet ing it was catried by a large majority. This ended the business of the meeting. Inglewood SCHOOL BOARD OF Advicb. The election of three members of the School Ba.ird of Advice, at Iuglewood, took place yester day, and resulted in the return of Messrs. Morrow, Smith, and Ilocklan. bgFound HANGING.-When driving' from Greens borough to K'thani on Wednesday last, two gentlemen mimed Iredale and Schuster dis covered a man hanging from a tree quite close to the ro:id side. On approaching they found that the mail was quite dead, andthat lie had, ap parently, committed selt-de.-tructiou by strang iiuy. One end of the cord was several times round his neck, while the other was attached to a limb of the tree, anil one of h's feet rested upon the adjoining fence, as it he had repented in the act of suicide, and had made a vain at tempt to save himself. The body was identified as that of a respectable blacksmith named Day, who resided in Ivanhoe.-Artjus. DKATU OF A Banker.-The many friends of Mr. Adam Burnes in this colony, says the Art/us, will much regret to hear of his death, which occurred in Sydney a few days a^ro Mr. Burnes wai formerly connected with the Oriental Bank iu India, and some years since he arrived from Sydney as general manager of the Union Bank, and afterwards filled a similar position here iu the Colonial Bank of Austra lasia. Upon reliuqtiishing that appointment he proceeded to England, and in a very short time was ottered and accepted the position of gene ral manager of the Natior I Bauk of New Zea land, but for some time previous to his decease he had not been connected with any banking iu stitutious. Mr. Burnes was a gentleman of a kindly and genial disposition, and was much liked by those who served under him. Tim IJ.VTK |L)r. Lktiiliiy.-The Daily News of 30th March says:-We regret to have to an nounce the death of Dr. Henry Letheby, whose name has long been familiar to the public in connection with sanitary matters generally, but more particularly as associated with subjects relating to medical aud chemical jurisprudence. He had for many years held the post of lec turer on chemistry and toxicology in the medical school of tho London Hospital, as well as that of medical officer of health and chemical analyst to the City of London. The latter post, however, he resigned about two years ago, but still held important public appointments in con nection with the examination of gas and water. At the time of his decease he was GO years of age, having been born iu IS16. He took his 7=.-r:;: .<>--'tv of London as Bachelor o" Med'cine iu IS43, and was also a Master of Arts and a Doctor of Philosophy, as well as a Fellow of the Chemical and Linnoean societies. He had compiled " Reports 011 the Sanitary Con dition of the City of London," aud was the author of a serie3 of papers 011 the " .Mode of Conducting Post- mortem Examinations iu Cases of Suspected Mur. -r," which appeared in the Lancet; a course of lectures on " Practical Toxicology," published in the Medical Times, aud a work on " Food." He also, from time to time, communicated many other valuable papers on sanitary and chemical subjects to the trans actions of several of the learned societies, aud to the various medical journals and reviews. Ilis decease will doubtless be lamented not only by a wide circle of personal friends and members of the medical and chemical professions, but by tha public generally. [Dr. Letiieby was a brother of the late Mr. Charles Letheby, of Haglchawk. -KD. B.A.] 1'AINFUL ACCIDENT.-A son of Mr. Edwards, of Alma x boy of ten years of age-was play ins with another boy, on Saturday afternoon, with an axe. In some way the boy cat offyoun^ Edwards' tiugerat the knuckle, and Dr. Laidman had to be sent for to excise the remaining* por tion of it.-Maryborough Advertiser. A GHOST CAUGHT.- The Geelong Advertiser says, the silly fellow who has recently been per- sonating a ghost at Harton Hills has been caught. He was seen by a farmer, named Harding, and a laborer, named Flower. Whilst the latter was on his knees, praying to be saved, Harding went in chase of the ghost, who turned out to be a woodsp!itter, named Robert Downie, who said he was only larking, and would not do it again. THE BIHLB SociETi".-rn many of the Geelong churches on Sunday reference was made to the great progress of the work undertaken by the liible Society. The society's usefulness was generally alluded to, and earnest prayers for the continuance of that usefulness were made by the various clergymen.-Advertiser. ASSAY OF PTIIITUS.- The Courier reports: Mr. El ward M'Cartuey has had an assay of some pyrites taken out of the mine of the Speed well Company, Staffordshire Keef, 13allar.it, aud made at tile School of Mines, and the following is the gratifying result, as reported by the supe£ intendeut of laboratories: - ''.Mean of eight assays, 355 ozs. 2 dwts. 7 grs. of gold, 23 5 carat hue. per ton of stuff." The actual quantity of pyrites assayed was S ozs., and the product 23A grs. of almost pare gold. ?THE CASTLEMAINK GAOL-We are pleased to learn, says the Courier, that Mr. Piuniger, head waider of the Ballarat Gaul, has beeu promoted to the governorship of the gaol at Castlttn line vice Mr. Hyland. Mr. Pinniger has been twenty two years in Ballarat, and eighteen years con nected with the gaol. For the last seven or eight years ho has fulfilled the duties of head warder, and with so much eflicioncv as to entitle him to his present woll- deseived promotion. Mr Piuniger will take charge of the Castlemaiue Gaol on the 26th instant. A MODUL HUSBAND.-The Colac Herald wiites:-" A warrant was granted for the arrest of William Coruey, who resides at Irrewiliipe, on Wednesday last, on au information sworn a gainst him by his wife. It appears that Corney is in the habit of regularly thrashing the poor woman with a stout rope, which lie keeps for the cowardly practiec. And if auvthing goes wrong with this man, or puts hiiu out of teufper, lie immediately brings out the rope and soundly thrashes his wife." Strange to say, when the casd cauie before the magistrates, they dismissed JAMES OCTAVIUS WARD -Amongst the pas sengers win left in the 3. Northumberland on Saturday for England was the defaulter James Octarius Ward, who had been arrested in Fiji by two English officers sent out Specially to secure his capture, and in whose eustodv he will remain until reaching England. Ward was at one time in au extensive way of business at Hull in England, and embezzled large sums of money by fraudulently converting bills of laliug. In the warrant by virtue of which he was captured he is only charged with obtaining a sum of £2,200 by means of false pretences, but it is un deistooi that his defalcations reach the large amount ot from £26,000 to £30,000. He absconded from England in February, IS75,and although his arrival here was known nearly a year a^o it iv.-is impossible to arrest him, iu cousequence ot the necessary documents not being, in the hands of the authorities. The detectives, however, kept hiui under surveil lance,'and upon the arrival of the Sumatra they were able to inform the two English officers who came by her of the whereabouts of the object of their search.-Age. LAND MONOPOLY IN ENGLAND AND WALES. Tu the absence of a graduated tabulation of the owners of land in England and Wales, less the metropolis, it is possible (observes the Pall Mall Budget) to divide them into three broad sections. The total number of holders, according to the new JJotuesaay Booh, it will be remembered, is 972,837, who are individual owners or who are joint owners. They in all possess 33,013,510 acres-call the quantity, for case of division 33,016,000. The Timts, on the publication of the Blue l5ook, stated that the 100 largest indi vidual owueri possessed in all 3,8G2,000 acres. The Spectator subsequently published the names of the 710 largest owners (individual), with the extent of their respective holdings covering in all one-fourth of the rateable are.t say 8,254.000 acres. With these data the fol lowing distribution has been made:-100 largest owners-aggregate holdings, 3,862,000 acres ; average per owner, 3S.620 acres. GIO inter mediate owners-aggregate holdings, 4,392,000 acres; average per owner, 7,200 acres. 972,127 smallest owners-aggregate holdings, 24,762,000 acres; average per owner, 2G acres. The ave rage holdings of the here-called smallest owners must be accepted with this qualiSeatiou that ' since the sections of the largest and the inter mediate owners embrace only individual pio prietors, the joint owners, whether great or s.uall, have by the arrangement adopted beeu swept into the lowest section. Of course, none of tlie figures should be regarded as ropreseutin r more than the best attainable approximations rit present. FOUND DEAD - Laurence M'Guiness, a bailiff attached to the Supreme Court, was found on Saturday lying dead at the foot of au embank ment 30 feet deep, on a Government reserve near tho North Melbourne Railway Station! I he deceased had a number of summouses to serve on Saturday, and it. ij believed that being the worse for liqutr, he had clambered over the three-railed fence with which the reserve is enclosed, itui falling over the embankment, at the top of which his hat was found, had beeu instantly killed.-Art/us. MARRIAGES.-The Mercury says-According to a speech delivered bv the Rev. W Reed of St. Arnaud. at the recent Rechabite celebration ' courtship is bliss, and matrimony blister " \ single lady who was present writes us to say that, as the rrv. gentleman is not yet- married, ho is hardly competent to express such an opinion and fears that those who have found happiness in the conjugal state will think him somewhat presumptuous for condemning so wise an inititu lion on hearsay evidence onlr. RIVERINE WOOL.-The distinction of haviutr beeu the very first to send wool down tc Mel bourne on Deniliquin and Moauia railway fell to the lot of Mort aud Watson, of Deniliquin and Melbourne, who despatched fourteen bales of wool got up by Mr. Oddv. wool-scourer, ^orth Dontliqmn. The wool will be at Messrs. Golds brougli and Co.'s store on Thursday morniii" and perhaps sold by that eminent firm on tint day.-Pastoral limes. FIOEON FLY'INQ.-.Th'i seventh of the scries of matches iu conncction with the Columbariau Club was flown on Saturday, 3rd instant. In the race for birds of the tumbler breed onlv which was from South Creek station to Svdnev' distance twenty-nine miles, there were" three' entries. Mr. Turner, of Surrey Hills, was again the victor with his Railhead Spot, doiug lhe"dis tauce home iu 55} minutes.-6'.,!/. Herald. 