REV. CHARLES CLARK AT THE TOWN HALL. Mr. Clark lectured last evening on the Tower of London, the Town Hall being crowded in every part. If he had staked his reputation on this lecture alone, Mr. Clark would have won for him self the highosfrepûtation as an elocutionist. For nearly two hours he riveted the attention of his auditors ; there was no apparent weariness on the part of anyone present, but a remarkable desire to listen to every word that fell from the lecturer's lips. To do that entails no difficulty, for it is one of Mr. Clark's points to utter every word so distinctly t that everyone in the large assemblage can hear him. His " Style " is perfect. The modulations of his voice, and the movements of his hands, are made with telling effect, so much so that the first few sentences he utters are sufficient to convince one of his gifts as an orator, and to expect great things from him. That he disappoints no one is a signal attestation of his power to interest an audience. His task is not lightened in any way by a short respite." Without introduction, he comes upon the platform, bows to his audience in response to his flattering reception, and after the lapse of a few seconds, plunges into his subject, never stopping until he utters the final words of his lecture, when he, retires and the audience disperses. In all this there is a total absence of all formality which, while somewhat novel, is positively charming, and when, add to this, you have been listening to historical' events of the intensest interest, to witticisms that never fail to bring down the house, and to poetic" recitals of singular merit, you feel that,the'evening'a delectation has been far too transient, and that Mr. Clark possesses a wonderful power of entrance ment., We can imagine no subject better suited for the display of his talents than the Tower of London j" his delivery of the lecture is a pronounced success. The following is a short outline of the lecture :- ' The Lecturer commenced by referring to the deep impression made on the mind by a survey of the' monuments of the past, particularly those which' were connected with the battle grounds of a nation's i liberties. As the Coliseum told of the decay of the Roman empire in the weeds growing within it and the silence which reigned in the place where in ages past the cry was heard of " the Christians to the lions," so a sight of the Tower of London carried the hearts of Englishmen back through the centuries of the past, and to the different uses which it fulfilled as a fortress, palace, and prison. It was situated about half-a-mile below London Bridge on what was once a bluff, and it was called in official documents, Her Majesty's Tower ; but was known to the generality of Englishmen as the Tower of London. It was one of the most ancient in England, and was believed to reach back to the time of Caesar in fact one of the towel s was called to this day Caesar's Tower. > Traces of a Roman wall were also found in., the most round it. Saxon writers spoke of it so, there must have been a tower there in their time. The present building was first commenced in the time of William the Conqueror, and had been added to by each of the succeeding Norman monarchs. 'It, covered twelve acres of ground, and was divided into two unequal parts an outer and an inner ward. in the inner ward were Caesar's Tower, the King's private' chamber and the King's private block. in the outer ward that facing the river, were what was known as the Water Gate, St. Thomas's Gate, Ithe Traitor's Gate, etc. The rev. lecturer, in a humorous manner, related some of the quaint regulations which were enforced in the Tower, i amongst others one which prescribed that all 1 in Lyons,, aldermen, members of councils, sheriffs, j, bridles, and the like should be decently clothed and short as it was unseemly to present themselves before the King in filthy rags and unshod. From the time of Henry III, the Tower'had'been alternately the? magnificent home or the prison of our sovereigns, and many nobles had passed under the ponderous hinges of the Traitor's Gate who had been compelled to languish in the dungeons as victims of treachery, fanaticism, and tyrannic, power. Criminal and innocent were, alike imprisoned in its dungeons the walls of which were still inscribed with sentences which were the greening of intelligent and vigorous lives, young and brilliant spirits, which had been crushed unto death. The lecturer described the opposition of the citizens of London to the efforts of Henry III. to fortify the Tower by the erection of the Water Gate, amfitsfall on two occasions into the river, both occuring on the selfsame night in two successive years and also the statement of a priest that he saw an apparition of a bishop in full castor oils, which was set down as being the ghost of St. Thomas a Beckett, The King was not frightened by this story, but set to work again, and finished the gate so well that now, after the lapse of six hundred years, it was as firm as the ground on which it WaS elected. He next referred to the imprisonment in the Tower of the Bishop of Durham and then narrated in humorous style the less successful attempt at escape by another prisoner, Prince Griffin, who was killed through the rope made from his bed- clothes breaking. The lecturer then referred to the imprisonment of Roger Mortimer in the reign of Edward II, and to his making love to the Queen, meeting her on the battlements to which he ascended through the kitchen chimney! " The result was that he escaped and the Queen followed him to France. The next royal personage whose imprisonment was touched upon was Prince Charles of Orleans, who came into the power of the English at the battle of Agincourt, when he was taken to London and a ransom' of 300,000 crowns placed upon his head. His relations being in possession of his property were in no hurry to ransom him, and it was twenty-five years before they paid the money, and then the King grumbled saying that the amount lies idly paid him for the victuals and drink the prisoner had consumed. Prince Charles was one of the foremost men of his time, both as a politician, a soldier, and a poet. The lecturer recited some beautiful verses written by the Prince in memory of his wife, who died shortly after her marriage. Shakespeare had filled the tower with different personages. He presented to them Floater in various parts of the Tower and had thrown quite a halo of romance, round it. The lecturer recited Clarence's Dream from Shakespeare's Richard III, amid great silence, and was loudly applauded at its conclusion. After the conclusion of the Wars of the Roses, and when Henry VIII was firmly seated on the tin one, it was only prisoners of State who were incarcerated in the Tower. The case of Dr. John Fisher, Bishop of Rochester and Cardinal of Rome, whose imprisonment resulted from the protest he raised against the divorce of Catherine of 'Arragon was dwelt upon. The Cardinal was eighty-four years of age when sent to the tower. He was imprisoned in the Belfry Tower, and suffered a great deal from the fogs of the river. The imprisonment and death of Sir Thomas More, the cleverest 'la Wyer,' oban, collar of the kingdom, and the most learned man of his age, was referred to. The lecturer gave ,*P account of the interview between him and" his daughter Margaret on his way to the scaffold, as related by herself, and of his execution as recorded by Froude. After contrasting the conduct of the Duke of Northumberland, and his cringing application for life at the expense of his companions, with that of his chief victim,, Lady 'Jane Grey, " the lecturer related the incidents of her death, with a pathos that produced a very powerful effect on the audience. The reign of Elizabeth was then taken up. Though not marked with the same excesses as during the life of her prey doccsRors, and though it was the boast of English- man that during the first twelve years of her reign no one was put to death for political offences, several notable persons were shut up iu,the,Tower. The most ominous was Sir Walter Raleigh., The lecturer dwelt for some time upon the character of Sir Walter Raleigh, his appearance, exploits,, and the cause of his imprisonment. He expressed his opinion that Shakspeare had Sir Walter Raleigh in his mind when writing tho?'love-seeuea between Othello and Desdemona.' He laid upon King James the First the other nal infamy of Sir Walter Raleigh's murder for the purpose of pleasing the King of Spain. Sir Walter's demeanour on the scaffold was depicted in most iuipressiveiterms. With reference to the gunpowder plot, he contended that, it was not what King James wanted, to lead the public to believe. Though the seven, leading men were Catholics, he contended that it was not a plot concocted in Home. He expressed his opinion that if the plot had succeeded, James would have been canonized as a sort of Protestant''saint, and that the Catholic Emancipation Act, by which such tardy justice was meted out to the Catholics, would not have been passed to the present day. He next described the attempt made by Colonel Blood, Hunt, and Parrot to steal the crown jewels, an attempt to which the lecturer expressed, his belief King Charles was a party, founding his opinion on the fact that Blond was afterwards given £500 a year to live upon, while the keeper or the jewels who was nearly killed in protecting them received a note for £,200,~~und his son, who prevented the carrying out, of the theft a note of the Exchequer for £100, which notes they could not get cashed, >. He next referred to the events in the reign of George I. the rebellion of 1745, and the imprisonment and escape of the Earl of Nithsdale, which was accomplished by the exertions of his wife, the Countess of 'Nithsdale. He described this' in graphic and humourous terms, as well as the rage of the, King on learning the fact. The lecturer then drew a comparison of the Tower of the present day with what it was in the past. The axe and the block now only excited the curiosity of the visitors, and on holidays the voices of children rang in chambers which the sacred headsman once occupied. The yeoman of the guard in the costume of the time of Henry VIII, strutted side by side with the guardian in blue, whose soft repeated I;" move on might in sober earnest be' taken as the watchword of modern progress and emblem of modern England. Thus the old and how mingled together. As it was the best iii that reign of Elizabeth that no one had been put to death for political offences during the first twelve years of her reign, so it might be the boast of the present day that no person had suffered death for a political offence during the thirty-eight year of the reign of Victoria. The lecturer oonalndad'with poetic quotations, and with a stirring appeal to the people of the colonies to worthily play their parts in life and in the world. Mr, Clark retired from the platform amid prolonged applause. I Tim, "Tower of London" will be presented to-night. " " 