JOTTINGS. IF it waa a happy thought of the Ministry to do honour to the opening of the Kiama basin by their august presence and patronage, it was a perfectly blissful idea to improve the occasion by taking the brilliant and eloquent Mr. Dalley with them to deliver the " oration." Mr. Dalley is excessively modest and retiring by disposition, as we all : know-gentlemen of the long robe usually are, it being one of their distinctive peculiarities-and it is only on occa- sions of great state importance that he can be induced to emerge from his dignified seclusion, and electrify the country with one of his polished, graceful, and particularly pungent " speeches," if that somewhat unambitious term may be employed to describe his sharp-pointed and many sided oratorical sallies. With a candid admission that, although a native of Australian soil and to the manner born, chance or fate had never before directed his footsteps to the charming town of Kiama, which nestles in proximity to the water's edge and is wooed by the silver-crested waves, that with unceasing devotion lovingly kiss its shores, he proceeded to deprecate the circumstances that had previously deprived him of that pleasure. Of course, it was only right that he should have given utterance to a platitude so suitable to the occasion and acceptable to his hearers ; for if it did not quite prove that Mr. Dalley at Kiama was a real "innocent abroad," it Bhowed that his aptitude at turning a pleasant period was not at all over- powered by a sense of the honour he was then enjoying or of the splendid hospitality of his entertainers. If the people of Kiama were not flattered, nay delighted, with the \ condescension and eloquence of Mr. Dalley, they must be quite invulnerable to the ordinary sensations produced by a liquid torrent of words, embellished with almost poetic imagery and diversified and heightened bv witty touches and humourous allusions to facts which are still retained in. the memory of all but the veriest Rip Van Winkle of the day. How gracefully aud yet touchingly Mr. Dalley started off when he said, " I thank you for your hospitality, and for the flattering terras in which you have proposed the ; health of my colleagues and myself. It is one of the con- solations of men who occupy a public position that they are sometimes privileged to come among their fellow colonists and receive the encouragement and enjoy the reward of such a gathering as this. No celebration could be more fitting than that which has taken place this day. The opening of a harbour of refuge is a public act entirely in harmony with the sentiments of tempeBt-toss'd politicians who have been navigating the seas of a stormy Bession for many months, and who now find themselves enjoying the delightful tranquillity of a safe and capacious basin, which/ the recess gave them." It would indeed be a heart of stone that could resist such artful language, so seductively sug- gestive. Surely the "buzzuins" of the simple folk of Kiama must have expanded with pride when they were informed that it was one of the " consolations " of men who occupy a public position to go among them and enjoy the reward of such a gathering as that ! No sooner had they been flattered by the self-oonsciousness of their great im- portance as entertainers of such distinguished men as their guests were, than Mr. Dalley, with true professional adroitness, touched another chord in their hearts. Know- ing that, of all people in the colony, none were better acquainted with the bona fules of that myth which played such a sensational part on the political stage a few years ago, Mr. Dalley next appealed to the risibilities of his audience by the following inimitable humorous outburst: "Although I have read with eager and thrilling interest Mrs. Crowe's 'Nightside of Nature,' a variety of works on demonology and witchcraft, and indeed have a pretty fair acquaintance with the literature of apparitions, I have never, up to the present time, had the privilege of visiting Kiama. It may seem to you that my love of the supernatural and my sympathy with spiritualism are both faint enough when I make this confession-for at the smallest sacrifice of time aud money I might at any time in a few hours have passed out of the real world of flesh and blood and human passions into this land of shades and sepulchres. Gentlemen, now that I have seen this beautiful country I am more than ever convinced that it is haunted ground-that it is a place of enchantments. But it is haunted by the spirit of beauty, and its enchantments are those of the most perfect loveliness of nature. Not to be associated with that dismal and dilapidated old Fenian spirit, who was once conjured up in your midst, and who was sent upon a melancholy political mission, to be for ever pursued with inextinguishable laughter, but to be the home of all sweet and generous spirits, who brighten and ennoble and make joyous our human life ; of those beautiful and benevolent fairies and creations of the older time, of which the great German poet spoke so nobly The intelligible forms of ancient poeta The fair humanities of old religion The power, the beauty, and the majesty That had their haunts in dell or piny mountain, Or forest, by slow stream or pebbly spring. These are the spirits which should for ever haunt such a witchery of loveliness as this, in which Kiama slumbers robed with mist, All glittering in the dewy Hg Lt. Living politicians, even though they be fair, honest, liberal men, are scarcely in harmony with this tranquil beauty ; but ghostly politicians, coming out of their graves to sow dissensions, inspire suspicions, and make us all hate one another, ought to be banished eternally from this lovely place." Of course, to employ a colloquialism, this amusing admixture of poetry and prose " brought down the house," and the predominant feeling it created was exactly that intended-to extinguish for evermore with ridicule that poor ghost which Mr. Parkes, in the zenith of his power, as political high priest and alchemist, had in an unfortunate moment conjured up from the " vasty deep,"-if that be the abode of spirits or " goblins damned," which are pressed into the service of prime ministers when occasion requires. I don't offer any opinion on this point myself, as the only j spirits I am acquainted with are Marten's and Hennessy's, which, in strict confidence between man and man, I can recommend as preferable for use to the Kiama article, and not likely to be half so troublesome a whip to put into the hands of a political opponent. But although I like a joke as well as anybody-of course, at some one else's expense, so as to make it thoroughly enjoyable-I think it's about high time that much-maligned Kiama spirit was allowed to rest in peace. It has played its part in politics long enough, and is getting just a little stale. Nobody believes in it, not even its own paternal parent, and it's as well that it were ouce and for all banished into oblivion, or at least assigned no more prominent a function than to act as a " medium " for Mr. Tyerman or Keller and Yamadeva. With one sentence uttered by Mr. Dalley I thoroughly agree : "The opening of a harbour of refuge is an act entirely in harmony with the sentiments of tempest-toss'd politicians who have been navigating the seas of a stormy session for many months." That's so. What a glorious thing it would be for the country if a ' ' harbour of refuge " were opened somewhere for politicians as a body, and the whole lot bundled into it and left there. I am sure the relief it would afford would be "entirely in harmony" with the aspirations of the public. It strikes me that the ladies are becoming a power in the I State without any effort on their own part. They have not yet, as far as 1 am aware, made any^ demonstration in favour of being invested with political rights and electioneering | privileges ; yet I have noticed the studied courtesy and flattering terms in which their presence at semi-political banquets have been alluded to by two Prime Ministers, on recent occasions, when making the inevitable "speech." Mr. Parkes, with a gallantry and susceptibility worthy an "Admirable Crichton," expressed the sense of honour done him by the presence of a number of ladies at both j Murrurundi and Maitland, when delivering his political ! philippics at those localities a little while back. And now Mr. Robertson, scorning to be eclipsed in the estimation of the feminine world by his artful and oily-tongued antagonist, has gone still further, and boldly proclaimed himself a womau's-rights-man. Listen to the graceful and pointed apology for the uninteresting character of the topic he was compelled to speak upon' before the "dear creatures " wita which he commenced his address:-"I am sorry, for the sake of the ladies, that it will be my duty to deal with veiy hard, dry, and singularly unattractive subjects ; but this is iny misfortune. When we were invited to the demonstration at Kiama, I was deeply anxious that my exceedingly eloquent friend and colleague (Mr. Dalley) should be present with me, and that he should deliver one of his brilliant orations, such a one as he delivered last night at Kiama, which I am sure would have startled the ladies here, and would have been a matter of great congratulation to them had they heard it. It seemed to me that at a dinner party long speeches are great nuisances, but I was anxious that Mr; Dalley should make a long speech on the brilliant part of the business, and that after that I should deliver a speech here, perhaps dealing with things usually looked upon as more important, though at any.rate, not so attractive. And if I should have been 'led into the mistake of undertaking this duty, having no idea whatever of seeing so many fair ladies here-never dreaming of it, I hope I may be pardoned, as the gentle- men who got up this dinner did not apprise me. I .did all I could to induce Mr. Dalley to come here, but, unfortu- nately, illness in his family prevented it. Now having given to the ladies fair warning that, instead of delivering an oration likely to please them, I may be found frequently referring to long columns of dry figures, I hope that I shall be excused if I do so. But in these days of woman's rights I suppose the lady constituents have quite as much right to know all about the dry and hard part of the business sometimes as other people. For my own part I have always been in favour of the much-maligned proposition of giving ladies a right of representation. (Cheers). Therefore I am sure I shall, after these preliminaries, be pardoned if I am somewhat slow and prosy, and am not able to deliver such a speech aa I should like todo in such a hearing." Now, Chesterfield himself could hardly have more politely and gracefully deprecated the '4 misfortune " of having to deal with "singularly unattractive subjects," and of being debarred by the stern decrees of cruel necessity from delivering " such a speech as he should like to do in such a hearing." I am exceedingly pleased to find that Mr. Robert- son still cherishes a deep and ardent admiration for the ladies, and that all the hapless buffetings to which he has been subjected, as a politician of long standing, who has freely entered into the strife of politics, has not been able to crush out that soft place in his heart and affections which they still may triumphantly call their own. I wonder what subject Mr. Robertson would have chosen to speak before the ladies upon had he been free to make achoice. ' ' Love and Poetry," interspersed with observations upon the1 beatific iufluence exercised by wcman in promoting man's happiness, affording a theme for poets to go into ecstacies over, and for politicians to extol and revere in their lucid intervals, coupled with the necessity for extending them the political franchise. That would be about the style of Mr. Robertson's programme, or lecture for the ladies. I am not surprised that Prime Ministers should display their sympathy and admiration for the real and lovely specimens of the gentler sex whenever they come in contact with them. There are so many of the other sort-" old women "-in the Assembly, that it is but natural in them to do so. j Some people are difficult to please. Now, there's Sir I Hercules Robinson-but perhaps you've heard of him before ? No ! Well, I may tell you that he is a great man, a very great man, in fact a king of men-on the turf. He's been winning all before him, I may say, for the last few years ; and should he keep on doing so in the future, he will certainly gain one of the greatest reputations that has ever been j acquired by any homo-equine entity (Anglice, horsey- ' man) in the world-qr, at all events in New South Wales, which is the same thing as far as we are con- cerned. If the world has anything better to show than New South Wales, why don't it come out and show it ? Until Sir Hercules undertook the Herculean task of. going in a I " perisher" for raciug, and coming out a colossal winner, the greatest living man the Australian colonies had ever seen was John Tait. Continuing my biographical sketch of horsey history and sporting celebrities, I may observe that the two next greatest names that are enshrined in colonial annals are those of Joe Thompson and the Barb. But fame is, like woman, fickle, and the transcendent lustre once surrounding the great names I have mentioned is becoming dimmed, and the flame of their greatness as men and heroes is "paling its ineffectual fires"'before the noon- tide-sun splendour of the successes of Sir Hercules. And that is why I complain, and I have a right to. Every man, woman, and child, in a free and enlightened, a manhood suffrage and vote-by-ballot country, has a right to grumble, and takes precious good care to exercise the privilege. Mind you, I don't exactly complain because the Governor is a grand winner-not any. I have no objection to " governors," because I am acquainted with a good many governors, and many of them are genuine good fellows, and have good-looking and amiable daughters, and as such every right-feeling young man must respect and esteem them. I do, and no blush of shame mantles my modest cheek when I make the assertion. But gratitude is one of the greatest of human virtues-cleanliness ranking first when soap is cheap-and therefore I assert that Sir Hercules, as head of the state, is not showing a proper example to the populace when he so evidently is ungrateful. He has been exalted to i the highest pinnacle of fame, which is higher than Cook's I monument in Hyde Park, and more complete and perfect in aspect-the latter having no head on it, and the former hav j ing been the all- absorbing and life-long pursuit of some of j the greatest heads that history has enshrined in its pages, I some of which came off before they had grasped the glitter- ing bauble. Some men there are who have_ bartered their souls for fame-and that, too, before the introduction of boot-making machinery had rendered soles plentiful and inexpensive-and yet Sir Herucles has, so to speak, had fame thrown at his head, or pocket, or some other part of his person, wherever it is most appropriate to deposit that most precious and rare article. Still he is not satisfied, which, to say the least of it, is not polite. As a sort of antidote to his fame, and fearing, if the thing were to go on unchecked, that he would find himself "bestriding the world like a Colossus," he has written to the Herald to ease off his increasing popularity and prevent it bursting meteor- like over the universe. Of course, the subjects of his letters were racing and betting, and thus he spake : "I used at first to back my horses when I thought they had a good chance to win," which is a weakness shared by ordinary mortals in common with gubernatorial magnates ; "but when ' I found that a five-pound note was magnified into five thousand, I gave it up. Not that it made much difference, however ; for when I won the Derby and Ledger, I was reported to have won £40,000, whilst I had not directly or indirectly won a shilling iu either race. I could go through the list in the same way. I won the Champagne Stakes twice, the Hawkesbury Guineas twice, the Breeder's Plate once, and the Produce Stakes several times, but whilst the ignorant and malevolent were insisting that I was winning untold sums, I did not stake on all these races together as much as many au old woman in Sydney risks upon her nightly rubber of whist." ' Now, on reading the para- graph quoted above, it struck me as being just a little funny that a man should leave off betting because the public, in the fullness of its great heart and excitable imagination, had credited him with winning a matter of £40,000 on one race. Was the public estimate too small for his Excellency ? Should they have made it half-a-million, or what ? The next best thing to having a mint of money is to have everyone suppose that you have it ; that you are a Rothschild, or a Comstock silver mine, or a Hustler's Extended, or, at the very least, a Holtermann's. Curious, isn't it, how careless some people are ' about being thought rich ? I only wish I could get people to think I had won £40,000.upon a race, or take off the last three figures, and I wouldn't feel insulted about it. And only to think that Sir Hercules has been made both rich and famous in a day, an hour, nay "2 min. 30 secs.," and is still not satisfied ! Verily, human nature is degenerating, and I'm disgusted. "I'll no more of it." After all, there is a good deal of truth in that old saying that a prophet is not much honoured in his own country. It is one of our amiable weaknesses as " humans" to be exceed- ingly wise and far-seeing after the event, and in the height of our exultation at our extraordinary ability in forecasting results, we are prone to exclaim, " I told you so." It matters not that a given event has been decided, and that it is only after we haye been enlightened by being made acquainted with the result, that we discover this remark- able prescience-the fact remains that it is so. Whether it be the election of a member of Parliament, the division on a vote of censure, the issue of a battle between two gigantic powers, involving the preservation of freedom and civiliza- tion, or the triumph of tyranny and barbarism, or some matter of far greater importance, such as naming the winner of the "cup," of a dog-fight, or a game of cards-we still complacently and condescendingly inform the first friend we meet who refers to the subject that we knew how it was going to result, and in fact " said so at the time." I have said that it is one of our off-hand, matter-of-fact accomplish- ments to know all about anything or everything ; and, for the matter of that, I might add, ^nothing-when the latter suits best. But, without diving too deep into the intricacies of the proposition, I adhere to my original statement that after a given event has been decided, we feel convinced that not only could we have prognosticated the result, but we have a distinct recollection of having done so. That, I re- iterate, is the general rule, subject to occasional exceptions, as all rules are-particularly ferrules, which in my experi- ence have always formed the subject of exception to those who were about to be operated upon. However, in giving play to my fancy, I find I was almost forgetting the hypo- thesis I laid down at the commencement of this paragraph namely, that a prophet is often treated with disrespect, and seldom gets credit for his prophecies. Such an one is Mr. Buchanan ; and the result of the Philadelphia rifle contest has proved it. When it was proposed to send a team of riflemen from New South Wales to Philadelphia, Mr. Buchanan scornfully and vehemently scouted the folly of doing so, and asserted that it would be better to send a contingent of seven lawyers to meet an equal number of the famed Philadelphia limbs of the law in, friendly combat. Well, our men went, saw, and-were conquered. They were not quite Ccesars ; hence the verbrl liberty I bare taken. Now, Mr. Buchanan was right, and the Parliament was wrong. He prophesied that our men would not carry off the honours, and they were " whipped," figuratively not physically. Mr. Buchanan is one man in a thousand, as everyone knows ; but it is not one individual in every hun- dred thousand that knows him in his capacity as a prophet -albeit there are some amongst us who can say that the profits of his class (to slightly alter the spelling and sense) are more concerned with pecuniary than public matters. We made a palpable mistake over this affair. Had we placed our faith rather in the " blowing" than the shooting abilities of our representatives, and sent lawyers instead of riflemen to Philadelphia, we should certainly have made it particu- larly warm for our American friends, notwithstanding that they can tall talk " some." If they could have beaten us at talking, they must have the lungs of Boreas himself. If per- petual motion has not been discovered yet, the reason is simply because he has not been sought in the proper quarter. Let the savans visit our Assembly when the jaws of a few of the members are once set going, particularly if Mr. Buchanan happens to be one of the speakers. Why, as they say in Yankee-land, "he is a whole team and a little dog under the waggon. " I don't mean to insinuate that our riflemen did us discredit by not winning the match ; they made a very fair show, which was about as much as could have been expected. But we ought to have sent Mr. Buchanan instead of them, that's all. He was dead certain to score a win in the matter of talking the loudest and longest. POINTKD ANSWER.-" What am I made of ?" asked a little girl fresh from her first Sunday-school lesson, as she essayed to show off her knowledge toa younger sister. "I don't know," was the honest answer, "Whatdoe3 mama sweep up from the floor ?" was the first speaker's next trial in the Socratic method. " Pins, needles, and hairpins," was the prompt but unexpected response. "JENNIE, you're my sweetheart," said a nine-year-old suitor, as he sat alone with his heart's idol. "How can I be your sweetheart," asked the little miss, "when I am thirteen years old, and you are only nine?" "Are you thirteen?" "Of course lam." " Well," observed the juve- nile beau, after reflecting a little, " I'd been thirteen too, if I hadn't been so delicate and ill when I was little." A PITTSBURG coroner makes no charge when he holds an inquest on the body of a young man who parted his hair in the middle. He says that his personal satisfaction is suffi- cient reward without the official fee. " CALL that a kind man ?" said an actor, speaking of an acquaintance, "a man who is away from his family, and never sends them a farthing. Call that kindness ?" "Yes, unremitting kindness," Jerrold replied. NOTHING (says an American writer) reflects more credit on the enterprise of a newspaper than to see it publish three or four different remedies for sunstroke just about the time a foot of snow is on the ground. A PAINTER whose talents were but indifferent, turned physician. He was asked the reason of it. " In painting," answered he, " all the faults are exposed to the eye ; but in physic they are buried with the patient, and one gets off more easily. " His E-eply.-A little seven-year-old boy was told by his mother that she would start him to school this season. Looking np in great surprise and shaking his head ominously, he replied "I can't go to school ;I don't spell well enough." Have courage to speak your mind when necessary, and to hold your tongue when you should be silent. It is not what we earn but what we save makes us rich. It is not what we eat, .but what we digest, that makes us fat. It is not what we read, but what we remember, that makes us learned. A Arrow Mind.-Mary (questioning her. little brother on the gender of nouns) : "Now, Tommy, what is the feminine of beau?" Tommy: "Why, arrow, of course!" (Mary feels all of a quiver. ) " ^ Punch once told a droll story of a man, who, being suddenly raised to riches, exclaimed, in the fulness of his satisfaction, "Oh, that I could stand in the road and see .myself ride by in my carriage." ' 'Bearup and Carraher" is the name of a firm doing busi- ness on Grand- street, near the ferry. 