the peerybihgle PAPERS. Sir Samuel Wilson has succeeded in rescuing one solitary fish from the dire fate which has befallen the other interesting strangers. Well, << eggs is eggs " in this case, and it is something to have hatched one out of a thousand. But what shall we do with a bachelor or spinster salmon ? We must have an affinity of some sort. The Murray cod is too slow a wooer for the dashing salmon, and there is no other lordly fish hereaway suitable to the connection. That solitary salmon will prove a dilemma. He or she will grow up, expand into noble proportions, achieve puberty, yearn for domestic ties, and yearn in vain. It will indeed prove a barren triumph to Mr. Wilson — this hatching of a salmon sole. The manly youths of the University who so practically commented upon Mr. Hackett's strictures on their horse-play are mightily indignant that their views of the matter are not endorsed by other people. Well, youth is an age of conceit, and we can afford to let these poor boobies fret and fume over this mean and ungen- tlemanly affair. The fact is, these poor crea tures pant for opportunities for showing them selves off. They have read Cuthbert Bede's little works, and want to ape Oxford and Cam bridge. But it won't do. They lack the tradi tions, yeu see ; the ancient, mouldy, honourable history which reacts upon university society in the old country. These young people, who are very clever and very promising persons, should not forget that there is such a thing as shoddy, and that nothing proves its existence in a com munity so eloquently as these exhibitions of coarse humour and practical jokes, which of themselves are but imitations of the bad taste of the horse boys of the universities in the old country. The original is bad enough ; but this shoddy emulation is monstrous indeed. The Commission which " sat upon" Mr. Brough Smyth have let that amiable codger off very eisy. They have smoothed down that zealous and efficient officer's eccentricities, and, although they have been unable to shunt aside certain ugly facts concerning the doings of the noble Smyth or Smith (which is it ? — for it would seem that the gent, is himself undecided on the point), they have said as little in reprobation as common decency would allow them to say. Well, it is good to have powerful friends, especially when they are called upon to sit uponone's peccadilloes. If there should be any truth, however, in the doctrine of the spiritualists, a disembodied friend of the humane Smyth (or Smith), who in the flesh was known as Denbigh, must have been highly astonished with the easy-go -lucky style la which they let down his old inquisitor and torturer. But perhaps the Commission are verdant enough to believe in conscience, and are disposed to award the eccentric Smyth a proper punishment by leaving him to the twinges of that abstraction. With Denbigh's accusing ghost constantly flitting across this zealous official's mental vision, it is possibly considered that this zealous official has more than enough of retribu tive justice forced upon him. But don't you believe it. Smyth (or Smith) isn't made of the stuff that starts at the shadows of self-accusa tion. Not if fifty subordinates had been bullied into their graves would Smyth's (or Smith's) iron soul hare yielded to self- reproach. What if this poor creature fell in the path of duty ? u What was he made for, what was he paid for P To serve and to die for his country and king." And if in the place of " country and king," we substitute " Robert Brough Smyth" (or Smith), my faith ! we shall come to a very fair notion of what the late Mr. Denbigh was created for, in the opinion of the humane, zealous, and talented Mr. li. B. Smyth (or Smith). Bless him, he's a beauty without paint, and no mistake. I wonder if the amorous Mr. O'Neil, aged 56 years, ever heard a quaint old song touching mistakes such as that which brought him to grief, when he espoused Mrs. O'Neil, aged IS years. I can't remember more than the first two lines, but they serve. " When old age weds with youth and bloom, Horns sprout full quick on brow of groom." And Mr. O'Neil's horns, it would seem, flourished rarely. He has explained his folly, when asked by the Chief Justice why he married so young a bride, by referring it to the influence of alcohol, and if this story of Mr. O'Neil's married life doesn't add wonderfully to the ranks of total abstinence, then is the cause of temperance hopeless. The lamb -like Mr. Sullivan, of New Zea land butchering fame, appears disposed to de scend from his lofty pinnacle of social isolation, and condescend to fraternise with the common herd. He has repaired to the scene of his do mestic life, where his wife resides und?r the protecting wing of another husband, who, by the way, has announced his intention of shoot ing Mr. Sullivan, if that strong-minded per- Bon should put in an appearance, and Buggest a prior claim upon the attentions and caresses of the lady. Mr. Sullivan, it is said, fuadtt IJWAj WeMerqrp "dressed in style, and wearing a black bell- topper on his head." Thus, my young friends ' of commonplace instincts and dispositions— thus is virtue rewarded. This amiable personage, having been beguiled by vicious company into committing error, retrieved his character by mak- ing full confession, and hanging his pals. Thus he wiped the bloody stains of murder from his hands— and conscience; and thus he is enabled to walk forth, "dressed in style, and wearing a belltopper. Repentance, you perceive, judiciously directed, not only blots out crime, but creates him who professes it wisely, and in the cause of society, a mail of mark and reputa tion. You observe that none shun Mr. Sulli van, and you may, perhaps, recognise with me the principle that a man who can ' ' dress in style and wear a belltopper" is really not the sort of personage whom it would be wise, or even decent, to shun. In the meantime, however, let us hope that if Mr. Strech — who now enjoys the favours of Mrs. Sullivan — should carry out his threat, he will take particular care not to miss his target. And if, in consequence, he should be arraigned for murder, I, for one, will con. tribute a week's screw towards his defence. Women are ingenious creatures. An awful threat was made the other night by a neigh-' bour s wife. Her husband, who has arrived at an age when the seductions of the late supper and midnight song should no longer possess any influence upon the father of a family, is never theless a rip. He delighteth in the genial so ciety of the Bohemian. He quaffeth unlimited half-and-half at an hour when decency snores and marital obligation reposeth. He is, in short, a most unqualified sinner, but kindly withal, and loved on all hands, as sinners, it seems to me, always are. Well, his lady is en rapport with maternity. She is about to add another olive branch to the wondrous tree which my friend has cultivated with such ardour and success. Naturally she resents the dissipated habits of her lord, and the other night she "spoke fair" to him on the subject. It was 3 o'clock in the morning when Joe, carefully re moving his boots at the bottom of the stairs, crept fearfully into the nuptial chamber. " She sleeps," he muttered under his breath, and then he quickly, but silently, uncased himself, and slipped into bed. Then the lady opened fire. " You thought I was asleep, did you, Air. S ? As if I could sleep while you treat me in this outrageous fashion. " ' ' My dear !" expostulated Joe. " Your dear," echoed the lady, with sub lime scorn. " Your dear, indeed. I tell you what, sir, I shall put an end to this. When my baby is born, I'll settle accounts with your bachelor friends. I know where you go, and I'll follow you, and put the poor little thing on the table before you all, and — and — and " — here followed a burst of tears. Presently she went on, "And if your friends come here they shall nurse the baby, and I'll have my amuse ment — there." With this she ceased. But poor J oe could not sleep. The subtle malignity of the threat was too awful, and he came to the con clusion that reform and repentance were, at last, indispensable to future comfort, and a furtive enjoyment of bachelor society. Poor Joe ! Some people oppose the grateful institution of the cat-o'-nine-tails, as applied to the punish ment of certain classes of criminals. But I don't think any argument at their command could capsize the applicability of the lash to Mi\ William G. Gardiner's case. Air. William B. Gardiner, who is by profession a jockey, married a wife two years ago at Warrnambaol. Eighteen months of domestic bliss proved more than sufficient for Mr. Gardiner, who, it would seem, is a young gentleman of moderate views in this direction. Six months ago he deserted his bride. She came to Melbourne to look after him, met him, and was thereupon taken by him to a brothel. Escaping thence, she had him ar rested, and brought before Air. Sturt. Air. Gardiner set forth in defence that his wife was no better than she should be, and some of his respectable companions supported the statement on oath, for which, let us hope, they'll get fits as perjurers. Now, what punishment should such a dog as Mr. Gardiner have awarded him so proper to his dastardly crime as the cat ? Such a wretch is surely outside the pale of hu. mane considerations. He should be whipped, Sir, until every muscle of his, evil carcase quivered again." The cat is a rare blood-letter for such rascals who need cupping, and Air. Gardiner, as I take it, could spare a quart or two of the gross liquid which is pumped through his dastardly system by as black a heart as ever bore evidence to the truth of Hell. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 