focal and dlem}ral Jews. WESLEVAN.—'The Rev. James Phillips, will prcarli in the Wesleyan Church, on Sunday the 13th instant, in the morning at 11 a.m. ; Pyroe at 3 p.m. ; and Kowra at 7 p.in. CrniHcn or ENGLAND.—The Rev. John Elkin will hold Divine service and preach at Broker's Creek on Sunday next, the 13th instant, at 11 o'clock a.m.; at the Church, Broughtun Village, at 3 o'clock p.m.; and at Broiighton Creek, at 7 o'clock p.m. of tho same day. Also, tbe Rev. William Hough, will hold Divine service and preach, in St. John's Church, Terrara, at 11 a.m., and in the School Room, Terrara, at 7 p.m TKURAHA LOYAL OBANGE LODGE, NO. 70.— This Lodge held its usual monthly meeting in the Temperance Hall, Terrara, on Friday, the 4th instant. Tbe Worshipful Master Bio. M'Arthur in the chair, and the Deputy Master Bro James Monaghan in the vice-chair, and ai goodly number of brethren present, including visitors from No. 33 Loyal Orange Lodge, Bnlrnain, No. 20 West MaitlAhd Lodge. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The general qualifications of an Orangeman were read, also correspondence, which was dealt with in due form. The Worshipful Master, in some appropriate remarks, introduced Bro. Dixon, Deputy MaBter of No. 33 L. O. L. He said he was pleased to have a very worthy friend to the cause of Orangeisiri present tbat evening, who had been long connected with our cause, and belonged to one of tho largest Lodges in the colony ; it was not often we had the pleasure of such visitors from the metropolis, and he had no doubt but what Bro. Dixon would be able to tell us something to do us good. Bro. Dixon was received with loud applause. He said he had looked forward with interest to the meeting of No. 70 ; he had no idea of there boing such a thing in this district until a day or two before lie left Sydney as that of an Orange Lodge, lie happened to be reading the it ports of meetings held on the 12th July in the Protestant Standard, and he saw the report of the dinner held in fihoalhaven, in connection with No. 70; he said tiie first nran be met in the district was an Orangeman, and that it was really gratifying to come into a 6trange district and meet so many Orange hrethrer,; he begged to thank them for the warm and hearty vote of thanks accorded to him that evening. Brother W. H. Steadman, of No 20 Battle of Waterloo Loyal Orange Lodge, West Maitland, being present rose to thank the brethren for the kind reception that he had received that evening ; and Brother Steadman also, to the deligitt of all present, in big usual good style, recited " The Eve of Waterloo " and another very interesting poem. Our worthy Deputy Brother Monaghan made some remarks in reference to matters concerning the working of the Lodge, it was decided to hold an Archpurple meeting on Friday, the 25tl. instant, when it is hoped that a strong muster of the brethren of the Lodge will be present; we hope also, and expect, that some of our Cambewarra brethren will be present on the occasion. The roll was called and dues Collected, after which the Lodge was closed by prayer and singing trod save the Queen."— Commimicated MR. INSPECTOR HICKS.—This gentleman is now on a visit of annual inspection throughout this district. Having but very shortly arrived, he ba6 already inspected several local schools, among •vhom may bo mentioned the Cambewarra Public, BomaderiV Provisional, Nowra Public, and Numba Certified Denominational P. schools, reports of which will in due time 'each us, when we shall, as heretofore, publish them for the information of our readers. Next week will be occupied in finishing ofi! onr local schools, when, we are informed, Mr. Hicks will proceed southwards. FJUE.—We have noticed lately a prevalence of fiery chimneys. We would -earnestly urge upon householders the'desirability of great caution, as instances have been known where an immense amount of'property has been destroyed only through a chimney on fire. If chimneys muBt take fire, we would advise that such should take place when it is raiuing " cats and dogs "—whatever that may jnean^-and so save or prevent the possibility of the roofe .tailing /no, WORUAGKB PoiiLio ScnooL.—The inspection of the above institution, takes place on Tuesday the 15th insta'tit, and tlie Inspector invites the members of the Looal Board to bo present at the examination of the children. IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.—We beg to call tbe attention of the public to a sale by auction, by Mr. C. Murray, at the Kangaroo Hotel, Broughton Creek, on Tuesday nnd Wednesday, next, 15til and 16th August, of first-class goods, consisting of Drapery, Hosiery, Jewellery, and a great variety of Fancy and other Goods, which are to be sold withoat any reserve. See advertisement. KING PARROTS BEWABE — We were nearly afraid of ourselves the other da}', when two unfortunate parrots made their entrance iDto town. It appears that our juvenile knights of the gun could not let such a chance escape, and iu less time than it takes to write, the poor birds were almost frightened to death by cavalcades of youngsters, and at last wholly frightened to death by some unfortunate shot from the guu of Master E. Pooley, who now lias the honor of bagging the first two natives—parrotB—in tho township. SOMETHING NEW.—Last Thursday afternoon wo were surprised to notice a little unusual animation around the Commercial Hotel. On wending our way lound the corner, we found tho cause to be the arrival pf a " monster" from Sydney, in the shape of a full- sized billiard table—the first to arrive here. The unpacking and building up of the table caused a great deal of anxiety, &c;„ but we believe it is now safely opened for any who wish to show oil their abilities—a la Roberts. LAKGE NUGGET. — During the past week a nugget of gold weighing six ounces has been purchased by the Oriental Bank, Braidwood. This interesting stranger was brought to light at Little River. WOMAN'S WIT TRIUMPHANT.—A mau was at Dal by and anxious to return to the bosom of bis family at Mar_i borougb (says the Chronicle), but he was without funds and puzzled how to compass his cud. Woman's wit solved this problem. His wife cliargcd him with desertion and caused a warrant to be issued for his arrest. On Thursday lie arrived in Maryborough in company with a constable, and his wife rcfusii.g to prosecute, he was discharged. FRANK GARDINER.—A 'Frisco correspondent of the Adelaide Journal, writing on the 21st of June, says :—" I saw a well-known Australian yesterday, viz., Frank Gardiner, tlie once noted and feared bushranger. He is keeping the Twilight Star. Kearney-street, which is a very small drinking shop. It seems to be kept very orderly by him. Gardiner looks like a man of about 40 years. He does not seem to enjoy very good health, and complains of rheumatism. He says that bushranfiing is ' played out.' " A CLERGYMAN MISSING.—Fears are enteitained respecting thu Rev. JainesO'Donneli, tlie Roman Catholic clergyman at Wentworth, who has been absent up tho Darling now over two months. No one seein6 to know (says the correspondent of the Wilcannia Times) where he ix and rumours of his being lost in the bush have gained some credence, and caused considerable anxiety, not without reason, on account of his unusually lengthy absence, and his not so far as is known having communicated with anyone here. A MUSICAI. GHOST.—Te Aro, New Zealand, has been lately visited by a musical ghost (says the Wellington Post.) The residents in a certain house which need not lie specified gradually became aware that at irregular intervals, but especially during the nights strains of unearthly music, soft and ghostly in character, proceeded from the family pianofoite. At first it was taken for granted that of course it must be the work of that evil genius in all servant-keeping establishments--the cat. By degrees, however,' it was impossible to associate those weird strains with the prancing of puss upon the keys, audit was still more difficult to understand bow that domestic animal could open the instrument, execute an unearthly fantasia, closo the liJ, and vanish directly auy one entered the room, as must have been the case, for immediately the door opened the music ceased, and the piano was 'invariably found shut. At last Mr. Paterfamilias resolved to solve the mystery, and remained on guard, keeping stiict silence, anil closely watching the open key-board. At Inst the usual " fairy like music " was wafted from the instrument, although no mortal or feline njgjformer touched the keys! Horror seized liiifiPand he fied ! Clearly the pianoforte was a murium used by some unquiet spirit haunting the premises, and the family resolved at once to quit the unhallowed spot. Daylight, however, inspired them with boldness to look inside the piano, where some very lively young mice we're found exercising their liiubs oil the wires. SCOONDBELISM.—Irrcsponsibe speculators are again at work endeavoring to deceive the public with importing to be identical with or " as good as" a standard medicinal beverage long and favorably known to the people of Australia The article sought to be imitated is the famous TJdolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. Ask for and take none but the genuine article. —ADV. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.—Throat Affections.—All the varieties of these distresscomplaints may be readily and effectively treated by rubbing (his Ointment twice a day upon the neck and chest, and supporting the strength by suitable nourishment. By this simple means diphtheria, ulcerated and relaxed throat, irritation of the windpipe, quinsey, and all glandular enlargements will have their progress arrested and the destruction they have caused repaired. Holloway's Ointment is the most trustworthy remedy for ' all internal and external throat nilnients, and may be safely and effectively employed in every case without regard to season, sex, age, or constitution. It is highly extolled for its ready cures of spasmodic coughs, and chronic hoarseness. 