(uailliamstuJ&m; $irfr.cilkcr. Saturday, June 24, 1876. In another column publicity is giTen to three or four of the leading journals of the colony on the result of tho late action for libel brought against the proprietors of this paper. It will be in the recollection of our readers that only a few months ago a verdict was given us in a lower court, and we arc now placed in a similar position to that of Mahomet’s coffin. If the first decision was correct, then the last must be wrong, or vice versa. The singular circum stances of the case are increased from the fact that in the first instance no evidence was called, while in the latter it was proved most conclusively by our witnesses that the Railway Department had not only broken its contract, but that gross bungling and mismanage ment took place in despatching the ex cursionists from Spencer-street under the direction of. Stationmaster O’Malley Yet in face of all this an adverse ver dict is recorded against the defendants as well as heavy and substantial damages. The question now naturally arises what were the causes which led to this unex pected result. The learned Judge summed up strongly in our favour, and he therefore cannot be held responsible for what has occurred. The onus then ; must rest entirely with the jury, and wo have no hesitation in repeating the re marks of last week that th« defaat is to i be attributed solely. to political and le ligions animosity. We don’t profess to, know how special jnTors are selected for those cases ; but this much is evident that the whole of the panel from which onr twelve men were chosen consisted mainly of residents of the aristocratic neighbourhood of St. Kilda and Toorak; end farther, that it was not the original panel from which the jurors were to. be taken. As a matter of course the im pov ers’ organ, the Argus, won’t hear of finch ft thing as “political bias,” or that it had the faintest influence in the minds of the jurymen, and immediately set to work to proTe its proposition by exhibiting in its leading columns, pro bably one of the strongest “ politically biassed ” articles that it ever published. We wonder what that truth-loving paper would say if either of their gods in the shape of Murray Smith or Lang ton were tried for a similar ofl'ence by a jurychosen from Collingwood alone. Hav ing given our reasons for arriving at the conclusion already mentioned, let us pro ceed to analyse the leading events in this remarkable “ peisecution. It must have been observed tliat the Govern ment on the second trial were well re presented by Dr Madden, the Solicitor General. Was be, we ask, and pause for a reply, chosen for his renowned abilities and skill as a lawyer or for what his influence was worth to the plaintiff ? The first witness called was a harmless-looking youth, named Kent, a clerk in O’Malley’s department, and his valuable and interesting testimony went to show that his intellect was unable to comprehend the article or that be was incapable of putting a proper con struction on the English language. He was followed by another official, named Palmer, whose opinions might possibly be valuable where brains are unneces sary. Next in tum came a Mr Irvine, a countryman of the plaintiff, and ex cepting the latter, the case for the pro secution was wound up by the produc tion of another countryman and a Minis terialist in the person of Mr Pat Hanna, M.L.A., who might be and probably is a good judge of contracts, but should never have been permittee? to give a de finition of a word lie is incapable of either spelling or writing. Upon this precious combination the liberty of the Press lias been jeopardised and curtailed as well as entailing heavy costs upon the defendants, who simply discharged their duty and fulfilled the functions for which their paper exists. It is true that expressions in the article wero strong, but it must be recollected that the cir cumstances which gnve ri$e to its publi cation were of no ordinary kind. Had not Mr Little turned up, the oliildren would undoubtedly have been left on tlie streets of Melbourne, which would have brought down on the stationmaster the execration of every paper in the colony. It was to lend our assistance to prevent arbitrary and unjust proceedings in the future, that the strong protest was entered on that occasion. That the term “ bogtrotter ” was used to imply that O’Malley had been a convict, we empha tically deny, and to put such an in terpretation on the phrase “ convict element,” as was pointed out by Mr G. P. Smith, was a “ monstrous perver sion of the intellect.’ The attempt to show malice is almg1^ ^fj/Wnsensicaj to. discuss, altjio^gh it was miSp the'prin cipal point in tho 'iiddress to the jury. Great capital was made out of the fact that Mr Clark was turned out of the van, and that he afterwards reported the plaintifl for his share in the transaction. For a period of nearly eighteen months he carefully nursed “ malice and hatred ” towards O’Malley, and sfl/.ed the first opportunity to “ jet loose the dogs of war.” If Mr Clark was bent on revenge two sessions of Parliament gave him many opportunities, where lie might with impunity hav.e slandered O’Malley to his heart’s content, revelled in such expressions as “ bogtrotter,” republished them from “ Hansard," ami snapped his fingers at the polite stationmaster of Spencer-street, but time lias proved that lie was foolish not to follow this course. Wliat may be the result of thu applica tion yesterday before the fall court for a rule nisi to grant a new trial we cannot predict; but hope sincerely that it may lie the cause of reversing the verdict as it stands at present, and allow us in the future unrestricted liberty to speak out in a bold and fearless manner when we deem it necessary, feeling assured that it would be better to cease to be an ex ponent of public opinion than be con tinually in dread of libel prosecutions similar to those we have sustained. We cannot, however, close this article with out expressing heartfelt thanks for' the deep sympathy apd support which are being received from all parts of the colony. It is strange wbat false and malicious re ports and statements go even the small round of Footscray. Last week we were informed of two or three instances of where it had been stated that Mr Grounds, chemist, was bout to leave the district. Upon waitipg upon that gentleman he informed ns that he has not nor ever had any intention of so doing, but, on the contrary, he thinks of opening a branch establishment at Yarraville. Whether these statements are done to injure business or emanate from a party souree, we know not, but hope they will cease at once, or steps may be taken to punish the originators. A suggestion has been thrown out that the candidates for the Footscray School Board of Advice should join together in providing a conveyance for those voters who wish to record their votes on Saturday next, but who reside at such a distance from the polling places that might deter them from going. Perhaps the gentlemen nominated will see their way to remove the obstacle, or Mr Keays might be able to suggest a mode. Mr McGowan, an inspector attached to the General Post Office, Melbourne, paid a visit to Footscray and district on Thursday last to ascertain the most suitable coineis for the proposed new pillar boxes. No doubt in a little time we shall hear the decision arrived at by the Department. Upper Footscray is not to be left much longer without banking accommodation if report speaks true, one of tho leading banks in Melbourne being in treaty for the pur chase of a piece of ground facing Lovett’s Royal Hotel. One of the hands recently employed at the Stone Cutting Company’s Works, at Footscray, named James Brien, met with a sudden death on Tuesday last. He was at his usual employment when he was observed to fall down as if in a fit. Dr Morton was sent for and conveyed him home, where he expired within half-an- hour from the effects of breaking a blood vessel. Deceased some three years since broke his shoulder bone, and it is thought that he had never shown the same strength since as he previously had. He was buried on Thursday hit, followed by a number of friends, " ’ 8 (Many anxious faces might nave oeen bu.u at the Footscray Poiicc Court on Wednesday last, whose owners had attended with the hopes of hearing evidence in an assault =asc’ but (he attorney who represented the parties pleaded guilty for one of them, who was fined 20s and costs, the other one being dis charged. Before Messrs Gamon and Wilson, .T.T.’s on Thursday last, William White a young man was charged with stealing six sheep, the property of William Gordon, a sheep farmer at Mount Eliza, near Mornington. Prisoner was employed by a Mr Cane to bring a mob of sheep from a run adjoining the prosecutor, who missed some sheep on Sunday last. Ho traced the mob of sheep to the Guiding Star Hotel, where, on Wednesday evening last, he recognised eight of his own sheep, and gave White into custody. The police applied for and obtained a remand for the accused to appear at Mornington this day. Bail was allowed and the accused’s employer became surety. The great event in England to which our aquatic friends have been for months look ing forward to with deep interest is arranged to come off on the Thames on Monday next between Trickett of New South Wales and the well-known Sadlor. The colonial has made a favourable impression, a private letter stating that he is very much fancied by several boating men in England ; but that his opponent is likely to start first favourite, as he has a strong party at his back. Unfortunately the telegraphic com munication is interrupted, so that the result will not be known for several weeks to come A well-known auctioneer in the city the other day received a cheque for the amount of £189, and cashed it at the b'-nk upon which it was drawn. He afterwards went direct to his ov.n bank and placed the amount to his owu credit. The teller—a Williamttoniun—counted the notes and com pared them with the pay-slip, when he found he had been given over £900 I He immediately told the knight of the hammer, and it reflects the greatest credit both upon the teller and the auctioneer to know that the large surplus was immediately returned to the bank ofiiaial who inado the mistake. Tho work of amalgamating the Marine and Alfred Graving Dock yards, so far as tho ma terials are concerned, was commenced on Tuesday last. It has not yet been deter mined to what purpose the old promises will be used ; but it may be presumed that some other GoTornment department, now very bakly nooommodated, will be removed to that place. In the Supreme Court on Saturday last before His Honor the Chief Justice—Miss Drydale sued the Board of Land and Works for injuries received by falling through the stops of the Cole-street bridge, Williams town. A non-suit was entered by the direc tion of the Judge on the grounds that tho defendants were not compelled to keep the bridge in a proper state of repair. His Honour expressly stated in his decision that it was in no way to be construed from the verdict arrived at that the Borough Council of Williamstown were liable. The first meeting of the newly-elected Board of Advice for the school district of Williamstown took place on Monday even ing last, at the Mechanics’ Institute,—a!^. the members being present. Mi;. Ij’.ovxler,. was unanimously chosen correspondent, it being decided that ft ohairman should be appointed to aot at each meeting. Wo are glad to learn that the Board will the, next time they as semble adopt some proposition to lay before the Minister of Education with reference ta the establishment of night sclmals^-a subject which has befure. been ventilated in these columns—and it is to be hoped that ere many weeks pass the system of instruction in the evening may have a really substantial trial in our midst. The ship Airlie, which arrived in the Bay during the early part of the week, brings the new purifiers for the Williamstown Gas Com pany, It is anticipated when they arc erected—as their capabilities are much greater than those now in use—the supply of gas will be considerably better than at present. The art union for a clinker-built gig-boat, which was promoted under the auspices of the 'Williamstown Bowing Club, was drawn at Withers' Steam Packet Hotel on Monday evening last, when Mr Balchin, drayman, turned out to be the winner. A few of tho many friends of the late John Davidson, who it will be remembered, died suddenly some time ago, are organising a concert to assist bis bereaved widow and family. He was a long time member of the Artillery Corps, and an enthusiastic cricketer of the Williamsto.wn club. It is therefore hoped that the appeal to alleviate the dis-. tressed circumstances in which those \yho were dependent on hipr miq pjaccd,, will be liberally responded to. The particulars of fh,c entertainment appear in another column. At a Public Works Committee Meeting of the Footscray Borough.Council held on Wed nesday evening last, the whole of the members were present. Five tenders were received for cutting water tables, and that of P. O'Mara was accepted at 3s (id per chain. For a stone roller to be used in the Borough fivo tenders were also received, and that of J. Bicbards for £14 18s was accepted. For making Byan, Moore, and Cowper-atreets, three tenders had been sent in; that of D. Boberts for £174 7s 4d was agreed to. The accepting of the tender for ironmongery timber, Ac. was allowed to remain over till Monday next. No tender for footbridges was accepted. For seventeen red gum lamp posts at 29s each, W. Pearl was the successfu tenderer. For lanterns for the same, five tenders were opened, and that of O’Cane at 25s each, accepted. The Pound Board was to be re-written by Mr Newman for the sum of 4Ss. The surveyor was instructed to pre pare specifications for a store shed in the town hall reserve by Monday evening next. The committee then formed themselves into an adjourned ordinary meeting, and decided upon the standing orders being suspended to take into consideration at once a petition from South Footscray, signed by forty-seven ratepayers, objecting to the closing of the karraviile Post Office, and the double daily delivery. The matter was referred back for more signatures, and to stand over for one week. Mr McT aggatt asked that the pound fees paid on CC4 sheep whiob ho bad illegally impounded, and which the council held might be remitted. It was resolved that the council return nil the fees received. For picketing the Southern Beserre the surveyor was authorised to write specifications and call for tenders for Monday next. For the Lennox-street works the surveyor was also to prepare plans and specifications for next Monday fortnight. The Public Works Com mittee’s report in re tenders was received and adopted. Court Bising Sufi, A.O.F., held at Cooper’s Bolgravia-hotel, has appointed Dr J. Banson of I'ootscray, second surgeon to the order. The Sunday School attached to St. John’s Church, Footscray is about to have a concert given on its behalf. The musical arrange menu have been placed in tho hands of Mr Harcourt, and no doubt an enjoyable fow how will b* tbo resmlt, The danger to which internpe^ £-—~ expose one was illustrated in the c ' ind tear, labourer who was arrested in Tl^.roject with street, Williamstown, on Monday jj^fianian eyes for being drunk and disorderly. Mh^'eredHtthat to the lock-up, it was found that he kl comi^roP1’ his possession £234 14s 3d, most </ uccceded ii was in bank notes. |fhavebad The Cerberus, having been clcanp^'^'sh painted, was floated out of the Alfrep'eir, - Sl ing Dock on Tuesday last, after proceeded a few miles down the l!a. 31 1 crew were exercised in target practv, dozen shots having been iired with f satisfactory results. The iron clad to her usual moorings in the Bay hef, las follows. 3 left in di extensive ,g water, w .jgst the th easons. Oi Mr E. J. Lovett announces in onr, tiring columns that the Koyal Hotel ' complete i street, Footscray, has been re-upetl^ 'W some th his proprietorship. ginal settle The gravest fears were entertained^u®nS safety of two men, named Willj2, ror^B were and James Scott, who left WillianK •itant plac a boat on the morning of the 13th bytheori ’ came in 1 the purpose of rabbiting at the * below the Werribec. No tidings lr' ^ csived of tlie missing men until t \- y got possei 1 is most trua expectedly returned in their small cm' Southern Cross—on Tuesday l^j j. a pears that they beached the boato 161" ' at their destination, but despite ther ' id at a giv efforts, for nearly a week they were t -helling in hi float her off. They subsisted dinin',*'W * ' i design was absenco on a scanty supply 0f w 11 1 1 Ptw<0f the reser provided for a short stay, and - , , , , , v,:< it to rise quently much exhausted on returnic, > • ' t fn itiai- flil.inilu wlm .1 '-h it WaS to their friends, who had given then, - , TKe lost, higher the An interesting and instructive lee^rvoir, it wi be delivered to- morrow evening in and his a' thodist Free Church, Pasco-strict, only be town, by Dr Figg. The subject che^; shaft the | evidence which scientific research k-„ er an imn the Mosaic narrative of the ercaiiti e;.the expem universe. jeriment.th The preliminaries connected with t' 1 bead into posed road, tnrough the Bathing pint..'n an anxio ing completion. The surveyor wilt*T11^* of* c0' his working plans to the cuusideratia^*1 *heif members of the Council in a few diTl ^S^t, c0^e ■' in some o The vote which Williamstown will r^.yed for th this year for its gardens ami rented or a f grounds will bo £75. ' jnt. but \ The ceremony of election and iniUiii10'”' would of officers of the order of St. Amin,',,111 anBwer< ciety took place ou Wednesday cvc:;:.,^ W*08^. at the Congregational Sckoolrooa 5-re'> notw't Williamstown. There was a gw>] sanding it auce, and the following brethren wet..-J*neIs’ au<* and installed in their respective t rtunity of 0\. Everest, W.M.; J, A. Tyrrell, [j I’ ledoin, In ifoxnam, J. Evans, J. Smith S.VV nonisation Chandler, J. Connor, J.W.; J. p,. r a time, at Anderson, permanent secretary • £. and Bowman, elective secretaries; J. Johnstone, E. Moxham, i\viliiors. Av. vote of thanks was given to the officers, more paniou.Uq-.iy, to Brother ft,, the letiring W,M., ty.ho, has uffeui> active interest in promptiiq- theadnu.. of the lodge, singe its formation, cs;<„. over u iieriojl of five, years. At the lppeting of the Bqropgh Council on Tuesday ,. ;report from the Inspecting flngi--; read with regard to the. opening c; w; streets in Newport, fie stated Is., plainants had pafunbly good ground irbonrs wh utches of i is able off 1 the more iemB to ha LB., and b •lentless c: Id world ct 'umstancea ants, thoug t;_ 'ertheles; 1‘ -V-justn A Sry^’nI. ■iLAt cases volved ; t iample to r ppeal on aowpiit of the difficulty ami dr-stupid old - arising frojn, quarry holes in the jirt.ipnly claim streets to owners desiring to have have b< their properties. The absence of nh^Airecision, the resident proprietors without te.ea-I;;isefulness a court of law. He.propusixl prcclasJ* Babywii ing, but it Ajaing but t Is difficult stances, is tion, and, worth the turned an; Newcastle.and Johnston streets, wh put an cud to quarrying in, those inter.-, and compel the fencing of the danger, cavatiops. 'flu; making of Newcastle pnsspbje. would only involve the Com. estimated, in an expenditure of £!h During the last week some half-Avi", has been doing the “ghost." haci... North Williamstown, to the terror i children in that neighbourhood. Ice rition takes go.c.tf care to. present its youngsters only. The appearance d 5 Ihb new* poffoo in the neighbourhood might, divy- not at all illusion. burst mi; The Williamstown Liceniins Etn.-ha PaTliame yesterday to consider tire adjourned ifp rePor tion of William, Watson, for a pubh license fox Sk new house at the cce-a Little Nelson and l’asco streets. !l hoard the evidence of two or three uiy. the case was again adjourned to 1 next, ns two of the justices ltad to to court on urgent business^ present may awai warfare ■ turned t some Bur the Nelit hail on dueks an Mr Halley’s lecture on Tuesday night >. the Dutc was most interesting, and ably given, d-: is non e COO years, of early history was arrange!-1 before r most complete and comprehensive mini mail. E' All that possibly can should avail there-’1* may. be of the opportunity of hearing this ■ Wlir> *n lectures. The information is inwlualo the small charge of one shilling. Inspection invited of a large const?!® j of new goods just landed, consuls’-. Blankets, Sheetings, Hosiery, Dresses. kc., at Geokge Davis, Draper, Baiklv--':J Footscray. Suits made to nieasun'd-* best material. [Advt], deadly/ vadest crying people damag‘i affairs fires 1 