j — _ 1 PUNCH'S PARLIAMENTARY SPIRIT. N Wednesday , June 14tk, the Legislative Coun- 'cil, consisting prin cipally of Mr. Docker and Sir Alfred Stephen, met at 4.30 twiddled their thumbs, twaddled, and departed, having attended to the business id the country exactly one hour and ten minutes. During this time their attention was deeply occupied by the various amendments proposed in "that other place," to the only two hills that are to be passed this session. Mr. Punch cannot chroni cle all the intense fun the Newcastle Paving and the Public Vehicles Bill evoked, or the side- splitting and deliri ous mirth occasioned by the emenda tions on the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Bill, for Toby lays a beseeching paw on the paper , an d his mute appealing glance reminds Mr. P. of what public feeling would be under the circumstances, so, out of his genial kind-heartedness and pity, he desists. Legislative Assembly. — Mr. Nel son wished to know if the transit of / (-/ltd tea ets wtui tta muiio waa iJ-iuiuueu in the contract with the United States Government ? If so, was this the famous immigration scheme so long talked of ? Also, was there a special proviso to pre vent them being elected members of Parlia ment or appointed Police Magistrates ? He thought there were enough old women of vari ous sorts on the Bench, and in the House too — especially in the vicinity of Mr. Speaker's chair - and if any more were introduced he hoped the services of a .se.rtou would be re quired immediately. Hon. members were mute nt this, and didn't seem to see it, not being aceusfombed to such very grave truths. The Orange and Dubbo Railway was next dis cussed. Mr. Lackey wanted it to go by Molong, as the Government hadn't surveyed or ex amined that route, and it was eleven miles ' longer than by way of Ironbarks, these being cogent arguments in its favour. Mr. Jack ! Smith, Mr. Suttor, and several other hon. and | slightly sleepy members then volunteered their opinions on the subject ; but, as it was fast ap- i proaching that witching hour of night when not J only graves but members of Parliament yawn, j they quickly subsided, committee reported pro- ) gress, and the House went into solitary confine- j ment. Thursday, June 15. j Legislative Council. — The Murrumbidgee Turf Club was white washed and returned whence it came. Then amid the braying of trumpets (principally owned by hon. members them selves) and the effusion of much Parliamen tary wind of various sorts, the Most Noble the Lord Marquis of Hastings entered the Chamber holding his little Bill for the division of his electorate. This hon. and rotund noble- nl««n/1TT f/ltu/l #>511/50 1VlflUl/7)/e WQTlfo/l lJLictli, Cbli t/CtU-J CUVLlfO vv» C>0 j iimukv/u his total increased by two other units. The House however not wishing to lose such a unique specimen of the genus Colonial-is Legisl-atorius by crossing him with anything else, politely bowed him back to his ancestral hall below, attending him to the door with a by no means weeping escort of nineteen hon. members who kindly asked him to call again that day six months, while his only three friends, Sandy Campbell of that Ilk, Saul, of the House of Samuel, and the redoubtable Knight, Sir Innes the Long, remained on their benches overcome with grief. So returned he to his friends in the Commons, where he was greeted by a chorus of — " Home he brought his William dead, He nor wept nor uttered cry," which was perfectly true, — he didn't. Mr. Docker then called attention to the fact that the Border is the only place in Victoria or New South Wales where folks systematically do their duties. He therefore moved a second reading of a Bill to enquire into the anomaly and to find out how they manage it. The House having actually sat three hours , thought it their duty to reward resolution, and adjourned accordingly. Legislative Assembly. — Mr. S. C. Brown wanted to adjourn the House for the purpose of slating the hon. Minister for Mines, who, he thought, was a shingle short. Mr. Lucas, however, said he was sure he did not look-as if he were short of anything, being of very good stature, both in length and rotundity. The Government made a piteous attempt to get on with Supply, but Mr. McElhone wanted the House to adjourn, to tell hon. members they had been called naughty names by the hon. Minister for Mines ; he had heard it himself through a key- hole. Mr. Stuart desperately moved a second reading of the Poisons Bill, and proposed the introduction of a clause to give increased facilities for the poisoning of hon. and obstructionist members of that House ; then Mr. Nelson wanted to adjourn the House till the middle of next week. Business went on Mr. Lloyd wanted to adjourn the House till he understood the Bill. Business went on again Mr. Nelson thought it was getting on towards the hour of night, when graves having yawned the previous evening, were now prepared to give up their dead ; so the House ought to rise, as he thought hon. members would naturally be afraid of meeting the ghosts of the dead Bills they had so foully assassinated during the session. This was the only motion carried during the evening. Friday, June 16. Legislative Assembly. — Wonder ! Hon. members met to squabble, but remained to work. Motions were made, bills were passed, peti tions received, and all went merrily, not as a marriage bell — for if that had lifted its voice, Mr. Nelson would have endea voured to have stopped it by his "Tolling Bill" — but as amica bly as possible for a New South Wales Parliament to go. Mr. Driver earned the eternal gratitude of Mr. Punch and his admiring public by moving the second reading of his Foods Adulteration Prevention Bill, and then driving it through committee "four in hand," and hon. members covered a multitude of their Parliamentary sins by wisely and patiently submitting to a thing so extraordinarily sensible. Tuesday, June 20. Legislative Assembly. — Mr. Hurley's Bill for the regulation of his " Uncle's " family was read a first time, hon. members being all, more or less, interested in the motion. — Then Mr. Dibbs wanted to adjourn the House, to consider a statement of Mr. Cameron's liabi lities ; he had been assured, on the best authority, that that hon. gentleman was dipped to the amount of £50. — Mr. Cameron had never found any one sufficiently good natured to trust him to that amount ; the hon. mover had better mind his eye, as he (Mr. C.) was always in a position to be " down with the Dibbs." — Mr. Dangar objected to the hon. member for the Hawkesbury wasting himself so uselessly; if that hon. gentleman were only stuck up at "Punch's Corner " he could give light to all the city, and supply his own gas. Mr. Punch begs Mr. Dangar not to mind the " hod of bricks " so unexpectedly dropped on his head by the hon. and gasometrical Piddington : he pats Mr. Dangar on his squatoscratic back and bids him " Cheer up, my Pippin," as he bad behaved like a brick himself — like a whole hod of bricks in fact. After an incoherent motion from the loyal lawyer, davy Buchanan to the effect that he altogether disapproved of the Queen's new title, and that it ought therefore, to be " dethidedly dwopped," and after various other bills and minor motions, the House put on its hat and walked. 