THE PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of this body was held in the Class-room of Flinders-street Church, on .at forenoon of Tuesday, May 2, Present*— The Bev. Professor Davidson. Moderator: Messrs Gordon, Lyall, W. Davidson, Liw, J. H ;n ier eon; Macbean, Maclaren, Mitchell, and Angus, ministers; and Messrs. Murray, Brown, Johnston, Boberteon, Kennedy, and Gooding, elders. The proceedings having been opened with devotional exercises, the minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. Commissions in favour of Messrs. J. Hawkes and £. Gooding a3 repre sentative elders from the congregations of Wal laroo and Clare were read, and the names were added to the roll. The ModkbaTOR then delivered the annual address, whieh was as follows :— 'Fathers and Brethren— While I attempt to act consistently with the custom which since the 'union of the Presbyterian Churches in this colony has been observed, allow me at the outset to acknowledge gratefully your uniform kind nesB and courtesy. The office is unquestionably much more honourable than onerous, and .the 'generous consideration of all tha members of this Court, without exception, is such as* to leave nothing but pleasant memories with any ona who may occuj j this chair. But while I admit that, generally epeakiEg, the duties are cot onerous, I am bound to make an exception, in connection 'with the duty which I have now to discharge. 1 Retrospection is always more or less difficult, and where one attempts anything approaching to a comprehensive view of the story of a year w£ich has gone ha must be very conE- ciouE of this truth. So far as our own ecclesiastical history is concerned, I do not know that there is much to note boyoni the fact of our bavin? established at least one congregation in addition to tho.o previously exutirg. The circumstancss connected with it vein many respects extremely hforesting to moet of us. Nose who have visited Belalie caa fail to experience a very Dieting reoollestiou o! the visit, as well as to desire a repetition of it. The honest hearty enthusiasm for what i3 good and true on the part cf those who ha~o migrated northwards must be gratifying to all who witness it Let ua hope that in the years which are to come there may be found in other area; not ,a few who are able and willing to follow the example of those who reside near Jamestown. And let us also hope that thosejin tha oM country who are led to know and to feel the pressure of our nectssitj will not fail to send suitable men, or to come themselves to our heip. \- ' In reviewing the story of the year you will allow me to refer in distinct terras to the obvious growth of a desire on the part of many denominations to reduce to a minimum the points of recognised difference. I had at once the pleasure and the privilege, alon^ with Mr, Lyall, of representing you recently at tha meeting of the Congregational Union. It really seems as if the difference between them and ourselves were becoming ' small by degrees and beautifully less.' Their Union is to all Intents and purposes a General Assembly, and 'althoujjn they may refuse to acknow ledge their possession of administrative autho rity in some directions, their virtual possession of it appears at least to be conceded. On the other hand, we seem to be approxteating to their views and methods. I speak, of course, on my own responsibility in this direction, but so far as I am able to judge of feelings and opinions prevailing and growing among our own people, it seems to me that a wise latitude of creed, such as is recognised by our brethren of the Union, is being greatly longed for amorg ourselves. Seme of you will readily enough think of the difficulty you experis'ice in obtain ing office-bearers willing to subscribe even to dor modest formula ; and this le&ds; mo to speak of a matter over which I have been thinking a little daring the last few month?.' I wish I could Bring to bear upon it the amount of thought and clearness of utterance which it deserve?, But in lieu cf this you will perhaps be pleased to listen for a little merely to some suggestions of a practical sort. ' I have been led to think in connection with various recent movements of the complete revolution wUch has taken phce in the accepted 'Theory cf Education.' When the Education F.ill was recently before Parliament Tfelt prepared to urge that a measure of public instruction should be adopted ; in short, that the State should not attempt to ' educate,' but merely to ' instruct.' The essential idea of j ' instruction1 I believe to be equivalent to tbe putting of implements in the poisesiioa of tho?e who are inter igent and likely to become mote to. To adopt the somewhat trite formula, they are to be instructed in the tbrca R's and the art of using them. But this is by no means the idea which obtained among our fathers and grandfather?, or even during the period of the youth of some of us ; still less is it the idea tfhich ruled in the minds of the founders of cur Church and of the whole parochial sjstem of Scotch education. In the old Ssotch schools children were taught what to think. The idea of mathematical exactness was 'applied to all the tranches of information. la the study of Euuiidj-they were taught what to thick end what to btliive about plain figures. Iu arithmetic they were tautrht vhat to think about numbers, ad vhat t) think about modes of reckoning a. cording to ru!es, which were to b9 implicitly accepted, but cot nec6»sari!y under stood. In. history they were taught what to believe about .the character of any man or any nation; in ua'ural histcry vhai to believe about any claftific-Tion »f organic or inorganic matter, however an ilrarfiy the classification might be made. But the present idea of education means the train's u' of children 'to think,' notnects sarilj ' htW,' c ut simply * to think' and disci ver for ihenueivee the ' vhat' The ar.cient Sjcratfc method bss c: nceiit jeara undergone a wonder ful reburrecuLD, and nearly the whole history of medern edu .alien describes the character of it ' Bat tba nates a question of very peculiar interest to U3 a* a Church, inv jiving, as I venture to think, scdctcisg scarcely Iea3 than a revolu tion in our constitution, The fact must be fiooi some day. and the sooner it a faced, and the smaller ihe area 'en which the preliminary di« cuBsioES are t j be cenduoted, the batter will it be fcr the Church at large. The question to which I refer i- that which touches the compara tive value of '? elief on authority, and belief which is the recetiary outcome of examination and convictirn. f he old educational fjnn3 absolutely required the pupil to believe whatever tho teacher taught. The new educational principle fo:bids the pupil to believe whatever either the teacher cwnot prove, or what can not be positively and abio lately demonstrated to be consistent with truth. Oar t listing pilpit arrangement? mean that wa pir-fcss not to be priests in any sense, not modia cf ccmffiUEi^ition between humanity and the Most Hub, but simply that we are public instinciers trained to a certain extent to con duct tie devotion* of those who adhere to our misstry cni approve o*ir mode of thought asd exprafiirn. And within ihe limits thus plain'y s'-rwrested «c ate oure;lves subject to this law. 'We muit j roach what is consistent with the pr%vst«isg bc.i-?f— based upon authority, and not upon personal examination — and mature con vielien. Or else we msst alienate ourselves, mire' or le?*, from thoo« whose respect and affection wa desire most earnestly to retifn, 'or these in who e unintelligent acquiescence we find dander satisfaction.' i* It would be altogether inexpedient and un justifiable to raise questions of the kind at present, if on* were tot prepared to Look at them from tome practical points of view. But I Aa thoroughly convinced that such ajiestiona will emerge in a very practical form before long. I do tot at a!i propose to raise them and lay them at once; but I do thi^k that our Church, as well as other.-, wi'l n£ed to be on the a'.ert, aai be . ready to give some measure of reasonable satisfaction to those who ask us for the .reasons of our belief. It is often Eaid that certain questions have been answered over and over again, and no doubt this is said quita truth fully, But the answer which satisfied the question of our fathers does not necessarily satisfy us. -'or does the allaying of curiosity. in one generation quench the desire for know ledge and reasons in the generation which. follows. ' I think I am prepared to assume on the part of the educated ministers cf our Churches an Intelligent belief in the doctrine* which they preach, in the convictions by which they abid?, and* in their power of defining to their own satisfaction the trutfaj which they profess to hold. To do less than this would be equiva lent to admittdxsg that there was some measure of truth in the ancient dogma tha!; Ignorance or stupidity in some form was essential to a high cast of religious life. Such a notion, as a matter of course, we utterly repudiate when stated as a general proposition. But when we pass from the consideration of the case of those who are specially qualified by edu catior, training, personal experience, cr peculiar clear sightedneas to the case of those who accept the pulpit ministration i as the present and most expedient form of the old' idea of education, it,, the telling people vlat to think, instead of teaching them to ' think' and conclude for themselves, the zereraliisue is of a very different kind. Oir -jlildrcn are being trained to ' enquire.' Their busice.s — their very duty — is to axk ^U'i'.hiu, acd the right which they are sure to cliim i* that of either being answered by us, or bein^ allowed to discover the answer for themselves. If we were to. take iuto account the entirt credenda accepted by ourselves, it would not, be at all difficult to take up points sure to be questioned by early enquirers. But, supposing we take up only those which are moet generally received in the Evangelical Churches, I am disposed to thick that the new methods cf education will force upon us. at. an early date the cecetoty for at laast revising .certain matter?, with a view to tte' modification of the tenrs in which some necessary beliefs are ex prefsed. I pray you to bear in mind that, in speaking of such contingencies, I am impelled solely by what'appeeis to me to bethe inevitable necessity of their being raised by-and-by, and of the correspondingly inevitable (though. not neces sarily unsatisfactory) result of our near national conception of the proper character of national education. ' And firrt of all this question, I think, will be raised — On what grounds do we maintyp the Divine and absolute authority of the whole existing and recognised canon of Scripture ? How shall we deal with our children whon they make enquiries about the different modes of stating the same belief in tha Confession and in the Shorter Cathechism ? Shall wa give them the benefit of the implied doubt which 13 sug gested by the latter, wheu it states that 'the Word of God is corJai ted ia the S^ripturas of the Old and New Testaments /' Or shill we absolutely require of them an utter and unhesi tating belief in the whole Scriptures of both Testaments, including the genealog:e? in Chronicles and Nehemiab, and the institution of the feast of Purim in Esther? Or, on the other hand, shall we say to tham that whatever in the Bible reveals God to your soul, or your own nature and necessities to your own self. /*? the Word of God to you; and whatever doe not do so may percbance ba the- Word of God ia scree senfe, but to you an altogether inaudible and noc-inteiligib'e Word' Or -must we fall back again on the old doctrine of belief on authority, and tell those who uuder modern systems are to think and to aih that they must study for their profit and satisfaction tha whole of Horne'e Introduction to the StuJy ef the Scripture*, or of Professor Gaujson's volumiaru? work on the Plenary Inspiration of the Scrip ture*? I profess myself at present somewhat unable to answer the question; but I should like to be assured that the Church was prepared with an answer when the question from without be comes imminent. ' Another difficulty of a somewhat similar kind will soon make itself felt. I mean it will make itself felt again and in a freeh form, for it has quite often enough been felt before. The lapse of generations is always co-ordin»ts withthe lapse of terms from their original rigniacation. And so it has come to pass that the term ' Person,' as applied to the ' Trinity,' has undergone very considerable change in the course of time. It is a term by no means easy to define, and when defined, by no means easy to reconcile with tho recognised view of the doctrine. Allow me to quote one of the most recent definitions of the word, from one whom we all respect— Dr. Henry Calder wood, Professor of Moral Philosophy in the University of Edinburgh. He says (p. 12A Handibook of Moral Philosophy, £ 11) — ' Conciousness of self-determination is cou sciousness of power, exercised by me over my mental activity, and over physical organs which belong to me. Self is thus known, not merely as intelligence, but also as power. I am a self-conscious, intelligent, self- determining power. I am a person, not a mere living organism, and not a mere thing. Personality thus involves self-conscious being, self-regulated inteliieence, and self-determined activity.' do net need to quote further from him, because in what follows he deals with the mere human personality; but it is not hard to perceive that if the definition quoted be even approximately accurate, we must be somewhat at sea with regard to the terms of our dogma. I do not at all mean that the dogma is inexplicable or unintelligible, but only that the terms of it are not now happily suited to the existing meaning of the word ' person,' and tho same thing holds true with regard to the word 'substance.' When we speak or think of the three Persons of the Godhead being the 'same in substance,' we do not literally mean what we say in tho ordinary sense of the term, and we shail some day soon require to tell our children precisely what we do mean when we use the word. Similarly, also, we shall require to deal with tho terms in which the doctrine of the 'Procession of tho Holy Ghost' is expressed. The doctrine itself is, or appears to be, so important as to warrant the division which subsists between the Eastern and the Western Churches ; and yet among tho Churches of the Reformation it is doubtful whether one per cent. — I might almost venture to say one per thousand— of the lay member are able to attach an intelligent meaning to the expression. " I might also refer to the somewhat ambi guous sense in which tho word ' atonement' is used by ourselves and others ; but this has been so freely discussed in comparatively recent years that it may possibly be better to omit it just at present. ' Yet there is one other subject to which I should like to refer befcre closing, and which also bears very directly upon the change which has occurred in our educational revolution. 1 referred before to our professed character a instructors, rather than priests. We reject tho idea of mediation on our part between men and God. We do not profess to reconcile men to God in any other way than by teaching them what they ought to be, and what they ought to do when once they are what they ought to be But our sacramental institutions have always seemed, somehow, to be at least suggestive of the thought that they helped to make man, by an easy method, what they ought to be. I do not for one moment suggest that any honest man in tho ministry has cultivated the idea or in any wise fostered the superstition among his people. But, as a matter of fact, some people do believe that christened children are safer for eternity than those who are un christened ; and some also believe that they themselves are in a more wholesome way of life when they communicate than when they do not. These ideas are manifest remnants of pre-Refor maticn times, but in some quarters they con tinue to exist with considerable force. They have, however, received a fatal blow from the recent revival movement at home. If one were asked to indicate the mist conspicuous pecu liarity in correction with that movement, I think he would indicate the peculiarity which was conspicuous by its absence. There were no baptisms, and so far as my reading has informed me, the occasions of sacramental communion were few and far between. I do not feel pre pared to pronounce a judgment 'on this matter, but the fact is plainly a very significant one in the face of that widely prevalent disposition to' teach persons 'to think'' instead of teaching them what to think. 'The more one looks at these and similar matters, the more one must feel compelled to try to understand the signs of the times. If we ourselves do not keep— I shall not say thoroughly abreast of our time, but thoroughly ahead of it — and act our proper part as leaders of thought and intelligent and sympathetic guiders of the 'question-asking' generation, which is already so near us, we shall lose, and we shall deserve to lose, the respect and the influence for good which we happily at present possess. But if we hold ourselves intelligently and actively ready to exercise sympathy; judgment, and Christlike consideration, there lies before us a career of honourable usefulness, to which I know nothing second.' At the close of hit addrew, Piofessor David sac nominated 'as hii successor the -Her. P. Maclaren, of Pqrt^Ad.«i*ide,-and this proposal having met with unanimouj ooncorreao* Mr. Vsclaren took the chair, and briifiy thanked the brethren for the honour conferred upon him. The elevation of Hr. Mac!aren to the Mode rator's chair left vacant the office of Cier-r, which he had held for several years. The R^v. James Lyall was unanimously elected to tao office, und at once entered on iu duties. On the motion of Mr. MacbeaX, seconded by Mr. W. Davidson, cordial thanks were ten dered to the retiring Moderator for his valuable addrese, various members taking part in a brief discustion on various points raised by tha address. The Treasurer's ba'ance-sheet was laid on the table, and Mewrs. Robertson and Johntson wer* appointed Auditors. They a'ter wards report**) that it was correct, and that ic showed a dtffott of £36 1p. Id. The same Auditors examined the balance-sheet of the Home Mission Fund and found it correct. It showed a credit balance of £46 IOp. Id. Mr. Lyall read a letter he had received from the Rev. Peter Hope, Convener of the Colonial Committee of tha Free Church, with reference to the cost of passage and outfit of Air. and Mrs. Mudie, and stated the reply he had given. The Presbytery approved ef bis action. : Mr. -Ltall reported that in' accordance with the instructiom . of last meeting he went to Belalitoa (he 13th March; that he met with thoee who were de*iro2s of being formed into a congregation, most of whom had been previously members of Presbyterian Churches. He ad. dressed tham on thi leading principle* of Pies bjterianism, and upon the responsibilities of a Chrktian .profession, and by solemn prayer com mended them as a Christian congregation to the care and blesting of the Great Head of the Church. He further reported that on the following day the newly-formed congregation observed the Lord's Supper, and that he preached morn ing and evenihy at the opomng of the new Church at Jamestown, when there were large congregations, and much interest manifested. The report was approved of, and Mr. Lyail was authorized to take tho necessary step3 for ths formation of a session. Mr. Bendebson gave an interesting account of his recent tour in the Northern Areas, stating his impressions of Caltowio aud Georgetown, in which latter place be found that a large propor tion of the Protestant population were Presby terians. Ho preached at Koolunga twioo on Sunday, April 23, and lectured next evening ti large gatherings. He considered tho field there particularly promising. The question a3 to the adequate supply of religious '.rdiuances te the Presbyterians settlers in the North was discussed at some length, and it was felt desirable and necessary that a quali. Sed minister should 6e obtained without delay to labour in tho fiuld. Mcntiou was made ef a minister who had recently visited Adelaide on his way to Queensland, Tvho was highly thought cf by the- brethren, who had met him, and who it was believed would bo willing to undertake this work. After full consideration it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Lyall, seconded by Mr. GOBDON, that tha Rev. f. D. Mitchell be invited to undertake the work of an evangelist in connection with the Presbytery; that he bo guaranteed £300 per annum for two years; and that £20 be allowed for passage money from Brisbane. The state of the Home Mission Fund wa? next considered, and the necessity of throwing additional energy into the scheme in view of extended operations was urged. It was found that from various causes delay had taken place m tbs formation of Cocgregational Associations. The various ministers were instructed to use diligence in urging the subject on the attention of the congregation*. The Moderator, Messrs. Henderson, LyaU, and Murray were appointed a Committee to watch over the interests of tuo Ilome Mission scheme. Professor Davidsox laid on the tabla printod copies of the trust-deed of the Aged and Infirm ilicitters' Fund, and reported that the amount now to the credit of the Fund was £687 17s. 61, which with tho donation of £105 from Mr. John Riddo?b, payable in Januarv, and other small * umF, roakc3a total of £7P8 14;. 10d. He thought that with a little effort tbo Church might eari'.y in the course of next year increase it to £1000, the amouxt required before it could be operatei upon. Cordial thanks were tendered to Pro feBsor Davidson for hi3 efforts ia conn^tioii with this scheme. . Professor Davidson made a statement of his prf sent labours in connection with the Adelaide University, and mentioned that those efforts did not in any way interfere with the discharge of \;.~ pastoral duties. , Regret was expressed that in consequence of his having been detained in Tasmania tho visit of thoFe'. J. G. Paton to this colony had baen delayed. - - The Committee appointed to prepare a letter to the Pan-Presbyterian Council laid on the table the following copy of the letter, whioh they had forwarded to the care of the Rev. Dr. Dyke*, of London: — ' fho Presbyterian Church of South Australia to the President and Members of the Pctn Preebyterian Council, to be held in Edinburgh in July, 1876, sendoth Christian greetings and : fraternal affection. I 'It was with great satisfaction that we received an invitation to send delegates to the first meeting of the Council of the General Presbyterian Alliance to bo held iu Edinburgh in July next, and as at present we cannot spare men from our Christian work here for thij pur pose, we heartily respond to the invitation by rending this letter to express our fraternal regards as well as our warmest sympathy with a movement which has for its object the linking together in closer visible bonds, both of fellow ehip and of work, all these throughout the world who hold Protestant principles in connection with the Presbyterian system. ' We hope and believe that valuable results may rlow from tho discussions and proceedings of the Council ; that its labours may prove powerful means of promoting the further exten sicn, prosperity, and spiritual lite of the Chris lian Church; that it will place before the world fuller and corrector information respocting the extent, the scriptural character, and the Chris tian libera'ity cf the Presbyterian Church, showing how large a portion of the Christian world acknowledges her government, how ox tensive is the work that she is doing, and the great Epiritual influence produced by a Church wbicb, whilst combining simplicity, efficiency, and Christian liberty, with a pure and well regulated discipline, ttands in point of membar.s ar&t; of Protestant Churches. ' Beloved brethren in the Lord, wa wish you all comfort and joy in the labours in whioh yon are engaged, and we prny tint the blessing of the Great Head of the Uuurch may tost on you and guido you in all your deliberations. ' We have written to our deeT brother the Rev. Dr. Dyke*-, who from having vfcited this far off portion cf the colonial vinejard Is well knowo to us, and of whose visit we still cherish the liveliest rtmembrance, requesting bin to pre33nt thi*, our letter of brotherly sjmpathy, and adhe rence to the General Presbyterian A^iance, and to speak in our behalf, and act as- if he were our ecmrr.issic.nod delegate. And now, brethren, lea-iy beloved in the Lord, we commend you to God and to the good word of His grace, and bid you farewell. ' - - - » 'Jons Davidson, Moderator. 'PtTSK Maclarbn, Clerk.' UKIQX.C0LL5PK. , ? The following report on Union College was received and read. Professor Davidson, Metsrs. Macbean, Henderson,-. G. Young, P* Mf1'1*7' and T. G. 'Brown were appointed to repfesont the Pre&bytery; at the meetings of the Committo* of the College during the present year: — ' ,' The work of Union College continues to be prosecuted steadily, and, so far as it goes, most satisfactorily; but it is to be regretted that the Churches do not manifest a greater amount of interest in this important institution, and that a. larger number of young men, even of those who do not purpose to devote themselves to the Christian ministry, do not avail themselves of hie advantages which it offara. The Council of the College recently by a special addreas sought to commend the institution to the sympathies arid prayers of the Churches, and it has bwn arrarged that every individual or Church con tributing to the funds of tha College shall have the privilege of nominating free of charge for the session oce student to any one class for each guinea contributed. This privilege has been already eiercised, and as it becomes more gene rally understood will probably be eiercised k- a much greater extent The liberality of- a few wealthy friends, chiefly members of the othw Churches who united in originating the College, -m enabled the Council to discharge alt liabnl tiw up to the doMof ti» put year, bat it is desirable that the basis of support should be wiceced, and it is hoped that the Presbyterian Churches throughout the province will ere long each appear an an annual contributor to tb.9 advancement of an institution, on the success of which so much of their future existence as Churches may depend. It is also much to be desired that the interact taken by the Presby terians of the province in Union College may lead to a larger accession tban heretofore to the numbers of those who engage in study with a view to the work of the ministry. 'The current session opened last month, the Greek Testament Classes being resumed by the Rev. 8. Mead, the Church HUtoiy Clus being still conducted by the Rev. J. Jefferis. and the Theolocical and Latin Testament Classes by Rev. P. Maclaren. The able, earnest, aad laborious services of these gentlemen in previous set aoEs merit the warmest acknowlddgments of every friend of the cause. The total number of students enrolled this session i« 20, of whom fivo attend two classes each, and 15 attsnd one class each.' Mr. Hekdebsok reported that the circulation of the Indeptndenl and Presbyterian i3 being maintained, and urged the ministers present to contribute to its columns, as well as to interest themselves in furthering its circulation. The Committee appointed to superintend the students gave a report of the arrangements ;hey had made. Their report was approved. Mr. Lyall stated that along with Mr. Hander 8od he waited upon the Baptist As3cciatioi and the Wesleyan Conference, and that with Pro fesacr Davidson he tendered the greetings of the Presbytery to tho Congregational Unioc, and that frcqi ona and all they met with a most warm reception. Messrs. Gordon an-i Angus were appointed to represent the Presbytery at the annual meetings of the various religious bodies during the ensuing year. A letter was read from Rev. J. F. Henderson requesting that an Assessor be appointed to assist in the election of Eldere at Strathalbyn. Mr. Law, of Mount Barker, was appointed. Mr. Robbbtson stated that a manse was in course of erection for the Rev. J. R. Ferguson at Golden Grove, and asked that somo assistance might be given to the object from the Home Mission Fund. After some discussion, it was agreed that while the Presbyteries rejoice in the erection of the said manse, such an object (iid not come within tho scope of the Hom-3 Mission Fund, lie annual report on statistics was submitted. The following aro ita principal items:— Elders, 40; communicants, 1,280; average attendance, 2,340; sittings let, 3,720; Sabbath-schools, 20; teachers, 1/9; scholars, 1,407; preaching stations, 13; average attendance, 263; prayer meetings, 16; average attend ince, 245; income, £5,111 10s. 2d.; missionary and benevolent objects, £202 1(X 3d. - At 2 o'clock the Presbytery adjourned. The Presbytery resumed at 7 P-^-'i the Rev. John Macbean Moderator. The Com mittee reported the result of their examina tion of Mr. Gray as most satisfactory. Report was received, and Mr. Gray was encouraged to prosecute his studies. The Committee waa in structed to meet with Mr. Mudie, who had been unable to attend in consequence of illness in his family, at as early a date as possible, and examine him on the subjects proscribed. Mr. Grav read a paper on *: The Internal Evi dence of Christianity,' which having bean criti cised by various members, he wa? further encouraged to continue his studies. Toe Presby tery then adjourned to tho church for Tub Public Meeting, which was presided over by the Moderator, the Rev. P. Maclaren. There was a numerous attendance. After the uBual devotional exer ciser. The CuaIBMan said they might fairly take the comfort of the belief that thtir Ciiurcb, had during the past year held its own, done its duty, and made perceptible progro3=. Tneir whole body was not large, but during the yaar they had raised two congregations from mare preaching stations to organized Churches, and all the stttled congregations wore perceptibly advancing. There was room in this good land for them, and provided they held fast the form of sound word?, and sroke the truth iu love, they niii^ht expect that God would maintain their cause. Their progress was, however, cranjped and their growth hindered by two deficibtcies. They wanted funds to aid aud encourage the stations to become separate Churches and men to become ministers. They had plans for meeting both these wants. They had their Home Mission and Church Ex tension scteme, and they had Union Col lege. He hoped that a strenuous effort would at once be made thro-ighout their congregations to help the Home Mission Fund. It was now some time since the Presbytery 6njoined all its congregations to form Associa tions for aiding tho Hume Mission Fund, and he earnestly urged that this injunction should be attended to. One in every congregation would produce immediate results, Euch as they wished to ece. The want of ministers they saw no hope of meeting, as it must be met, save through Union College. They could not get the meu they wanted from Britain. For Union College, therefore, ho claimed the prayers and liberality of his hearers. It had sent out some excellent youDg ministers, and there was a nutnbir of jouug men now under training there of aa fine t. spirit and as well gifted as thoy could wish to see. That their educational attainments were not equal to thesa demand od by Presbytoriau Churches at home was likely enough — how could they be eo? For the four years' course in Arts anil another four years' course in Divinity a three yeans' course in Union College wa3 but a poor substitute; but in this matter they could not do as they wished, but must do as they ccu'd, and if those who were ablo to help would rcsolvo to do what they could they could do much- better through Union College than ever thay had yet done. Now that our University was established, Uuian College might be able to provide for theological trainirjp; what the quantity and quality of that should b9 must be determined very much by the HberaJity of tbo Christian people. Leaving the College, he would now say somothiag upon union, wbich wa? very near his heart. Whenever he reflected on tho mischiof resulting to those wittout from their disunion, he could not help pleading our Lord's petition to' the Father, ' that they rnay be one, that the world may believe that thou hast sent Me.' They aL thanked God for tho measure of brotherly kindness disfUyed by cur evangelical denomi nations. It was one of the mo3t d?!ightfu' things he knew, arid the very happiest omea for their future usefulness to this laud that different sectiorjs recognised ono another by sending depu tations. They were glad to soe respactert brethren in their midst on sush an errand. Gladly they welcomed the w :rthy followers 01 that great and good man John Wesley— a king of men every inch of him, but withal a child like disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ. Gladly, also, they welcomed their Baptist brothran, who were in the eye of the law in England Presby tci ians. In the case of some property in Norwich, bequeathed originally to Presbyterians, but uow .held by ' Baptists, the Vice-Chancellor a few years ago decided that the word -' Presbyterian' w&3 large enough to cover .the three denomina tions' of Puritans. Presbyterians could respect their conscientious, differences^ They could admire thqir energy and zeal, and they wished them God spied in winning souls to Christ. None would wonder, however, that they pro cessed a still warmer fraternal affection for their 'CongregationaHst brethren, between whom and Jhemselves there was ro little difference. They remembered that in England there was once a very general union between the Independent and the Presbyterian Churches. The articles of agreement were nine in number. All of them he believed would be cordially accepted by the two denominations here as a basis of union. But unto pastors and people were fully prepared on both sides it were folly to urge that point. That their union would come about he felt assured. Might the Lord hasten it in His time. The main theoretical difference now between them, that of. adherence to a written creed, was thus got over (Article 8). 'As to what appertains to soundness of judgment in matters ef faith, we esteem it sufficient that a Church acknowledge the Scriptures to be the Word of God, the perfect and only rule of faith and practioe; and own either the doctrinal part of those commonly called -th* Articles of the Church of lagland; or the Conieaubn; or the Catechism, Shorter or Larger, compiled by the Aawably at West \- minster; orthe Confession agreed on at the Savoy, to be agreeable to the said rule.' The Rev. 8. KinoHT, aa a delegate from the Wesleyan Conference, apologised for the absence of his colleaeuo, the Rev. W. P. Wells, and then expressed the true feelings of brotherly love which were entertained by the Wesleya-i Church towards Presbyteriauism and the Prctbyteriana. He was also able to express hisbelkf that the Presbyterians wished every success to that Church of wbich he was a minister. (Hear, hear.) If Baptists and Independents were one by their congregational prirciplep, he might say that Wesleyans and Pre9b}t-rian3 were one by their presby teriinism —by their form of government, (d^ar, hear.) Presbjterianism would long b« looked up to as'one which had been a great bulwark of dt fence for the holy Sabbath Day, whioh had been henoured sot only in the literature but a.'so the actual usages of the Presbyterians. (Bear, hear.) Then, in its history there w« somethirg of which they_ might be proud, Tha Listcry of Pre&bjterianism; hallowed itself and gloi ified its name. He rejoiced to think that their hopes for the future union of the Churches were somewhat Bimilar to those entertained by the other evangelical Churches, and without ia any sense diminishing their individual liberties he believed Churches would thus ba able to present a thoroughly united front to error ani to all those influences against which it was th 1 duty of the Christian Church to wage an eadles* warfare, (ipplauso.) The Chaihma-', ih introducing the Rev. J. GordoD, said he was sure they would all be glad to hear an address from him on such an impor tant subject as that of the Pan-Presbyterian Council, towards which the eyes of the world were at present fixed. 3 he Rev. J. Gordon then addressed the meeting on 'The Pan- Presbyterian Council.' He said on July 4, 1876, it was proposed to hold at Edinburgh a Council of the various Presbyterian Churches throughout the world, rhe idea of such a Council occurred to several persons about the same time, and to person - living remote from each other. It was from America that we got most of our useful modern inventions, and it wa3 from that quarter that we derived most cf our fresh ideas, if not of Church organiz ition, at least of Church action ; and this idea and the first step towards making it a reality originated in the United States. In 1873 the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the Uuited States unanimously adopted resolutions in favour of an (Ecumenical Council of the Presbyterian Church. In the same year the General Assembly of the Pres byterian Church in Ireland cordially expressed its approval of the overture presented to them on the subject In 1674 the matter came before the Supreme Courts of many of the Presby terian Churches, and in every instance with marked approval. At the meetings of the Synod and General Assemblies of Scotland in May, 1875, the subject was again under conside ration, and continued to be regarded in a favour able light Finally in July, 1875, a Conference was held in London to consider the whole ques tion, and propose some definite line of action. The Conference was attended by delegates from Scotland, Ireland, America, and many parts of the Continent ot Europe. Those Churches that could not send a representative forwarded a letter of sympathy and approval. At this Con ference rules were drawn up, a constitution adopted, and the whole scheme put into working order, and at the close of its meetings it was decided to hold the first General Council at Edinburgh on July 4, 1876. Geneva, Phila delphia, and London were severally proposed, but the majority ruled that the fittest place for this Council to hold its first diet was the Scottish metropolis — the city of John Kuox. The object of this Council is briefly thU:— Churches holding the Presbyterian system were found in various parts of the world. From the statistics of the Presbyterian Church,' drawn up by a Committee of tho London Conference, it was found that there were P,lO5 Presbyterian congregations in the United States of America, 3,127 in Great Britain and Ireland, 4,832 on tho Continent of Europe, 318 in Australia, 10 in the New Hebrides, and 99 in Africa. A,mong Churches so widely separated and so differently circumstanced there could hardly fail to obtain considerable, yariety in matters of opinion and custom. With the view, theD, of bringing these widely- scattered groups of Churches togother, of linking them in a closer bond cf union, of securing among them a more cordial co-operation in the maintenance of the distinctive principles of the Church, and for which any Church should exist, waa this Council det-ired. The benefits of the proposed move ment were stated thus in the address of the Committeo : — First — It would exhibit before the world the substantial unity, quite conu3 tent with minor diversities, of the one great family of Presbyterian Churche*. Second— It would greatly tend to hold up and strengthen weak and struggling Churches by showing that they are members of a large bady. The Protestant Churches of the Continent of Europe, for example, feel the great need of sympathy and support from Churches more favourably situated. Third— It would enable Churches which are not inclined to organic union to manifest their belief in the unity of the Church, and to fraternize with those whom they love, while they still hold to their dis tinctive testimony. Fourth— Each Presbyterian Church would become acquainted with the con stitution and work of the sister Churches, and their interest in each other would be propor tionately increased. Borne might be led in this way to see in other Churchos what they would choose to adopt. Fifth — The Churches may thus be led to combine in behalf of the truth and against prevalent errors ; as, for instance, to defend the obligations of the Sabbath ; to resist the insidious efforts of the Papacy, especially in the matter of education; and to withetaLd infidelity in ita various forms. Sixth— Without interfering with the free action of the Churches this Council might distribute judi ciously the evangelical work in the great field, 'which is the world;' allocating a sphere to eacb, discouraging the planting of two congre gations where one might serve, or the establish ment of two missions at one place while hun dreds of other p!aces have none. Ia this way the resources of the Church would be husbanded, ani her energies concentrated ou great enter prises. Seventh— It would demonstrate to the Christian world these great facts in the working of- the Presbyterian system : That, by its reasonable polity, ,it consists with every form of civil government ; that, by the simplicity of its usages, it is adapted to all the varying conditions of tho Church upon the earth, and that, by its equal distance from licence aud arrosance, it ia best prepared to recognise the kinthip of all believers. Eighth— It would manifest the proportions and power of the Presbyterian Churches, and thus offer effectual resistance to tho exclusive pretensions of Prelacy and Ritualism in all their forms. Ninth — From such a Council, hallowed and quickened by the Redeemer's pressnee, there might proceed, as from a heart, new im puifos of spiritual life, bringing every member of the Church into closer fellowship with his Divine Master, into deeper affection for his brethren for his Master's sake, and into more entire consecration of all his power3 to the Master's work. After referring to the great bemfit the Church was likely to derive from such a Conference, the rev. gentleman said they belonged to a Church that had a history, and a history that tock in the sweep of centuries. They belonged to a Church that had through out maintained a firm and uncompromising testimony for great principles, for precious truths; the Divine origin of the Bible, the sabctuy of the Sabbath, the Independence— the spiritual independence — of the Church, the sole supremacy of the Lord Jesus Christ. They also belonged to a Church that could boast, if she we're disposed to boast, of not a few great names. The rev. gentleman concluded an excellent address by remarking that while they held their own distinctive principles and stood firm by their o«n Church they should not be lacking in charity ot feeling and courtesy of bearing towardsother Churches of the land. He hoped that the day of jealousy and envy and wrangling had pasted away. life wa3 too short and too sokmn for that. They should let the world see how they loved one another. ' The Rev. J. Hksdebbon delivered an address on the subject of Home Missions and the Church Extension scheme. He said they some time ago fenced a scheme, drew up an appeal, and soli citfed the various congregations beloagiBg to the Presbyterian body to form themselves into Associations for the promotion of the great objects they had in view. As- a denomination they hid made very alight progress indeed during the past ten yean. Tbe.population of Adelaide hi d doubled during that period, bat the Presbyterians had just the same three churches, sxd there ras even a talk recently of shutting the drors of one of these and dividing the congregation between the other two. Such an idea as that wa?, he believed, unworthy of them, and would, if adopted, be a stigma and a disgrace to the denomination. (Hear, bear.) In a ycung colony like South Australia such a policy was not by any means wise, neither in view of the present nor the future of Presby teiULisni here. They had hitherto done some little towards establishing new congregations, as they were now d»iug at Jamestown, Belalie, a: d Koolunga, and he trusted that those would but be the beginning of a more strenuous effort to spread the cause of Christ throughout tho colony. (Hear, hear.) In some parts Presby teriars bad not hitherto displayed so muoh anxiety as they ought to have done to promote the development of their own particular Church. He spoke as a memberof the Presbyterian Church and a minUter, but also as one who sympathized with all sections of Christian Churches, when he caid that up tothepresent time Presbyterians had not shown as much energy as they ought to have done towards extendingthedenominationta whioh they belonged. (Hear, hear.) In the districts be had named efforts were now being made to plant Churches, and hi behalf of these oauses he urged the earnest help and sympathy of all who were interested in the extension of their Church. (Hear, hear.) At the same time he was not one of those who wished to perpetuate the inde- cribable folly which had lad various religious denominations to plant churches far too thickly in a new colony like South Australia. In email districts where other religious bodies were already established it was far better not to go, as there were other fields large and important enough to require, and almost fully to maintain a Christian Chuich. (Hear, hear.) Ab to the mode of Church extension he might eay that a good example was set them by Victoria. There the elders were drafted off to these newly-established Churches, and as they constantly sent in reports to the Presbytery it was always known how the work was proceeding. For the guidance of the elders they had a book prepared, hymns arranged, and sermons (prepared by Victorian ministers and appropriate to the colony) printed. He was not speaking in favour of a liturgy, but he believed that these books had been of great service to the elders, who had by this simple help been enabled to do a great work towards buiidirg up these small Churches in scattered country districts. (Hear, hear.) The Presby terian body in these colonies was only small, but it ought not to be allowed to stay in its present position. Now there were ia Victoria 145 minuterti and 170 charges, in New South. Wales 72 ministers and 80 charges in New Zealand and Otago tho figures were 85 and 96, in Tasmania 11 and 13, and ia South Australia 10 ministers and 14 charges. Presbyterians had a noble history to inspire them, noble men had guided the Councils of their Church in all ages of its history, and these things ought to call forth the warmest sympathies aud prayers and their most strenuous efforts towards its spread in the land of their adoption. (Applause.) He hoped that their Church in South Australia would take a new lease of life, stretching forth all its energies, and that ere loag they might be able to number among them new stations and new congregations, not by the half dczen only, bit by dozens and by scores. (Applause.) Tbo Bev. J. Jeffehis, H.A., LL.B., as a delegate from the Congregational Unkn, ex pressed the true-hearted sympathy which was felt by his Church for Presbyterianism. There had never in the history of the colony been any antagonistic feeling between Presbyterianism and Congregationalism, but of late there had been most gratifying evidences of a desire on both sides to become still more closaly con nected, and to take a more hearty Christian grip of each other. (Hear, hear.) Only the other day the Rev. Mr. Henderson had ventured to say that there was no doctrinal difference be tween the two Churches of which he was speak ing ; but although he could not fully ogros with that, he felt that there was very little difference bttween them; and as to the difference between the CoBgragaticnalistfi and the Baptists, he might say that he regarded it as absolutely infinitesimal. (Laughter and applau*e.) There fore, he did not soe why they Bhould not all three — Presbyterians, Baptist*1, and Congrega tionalhts— join together in promoting the salva tion of men and the glory of God. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., followed Mr. Jt fferis in expressing the sympathy of the Congregational Union for the Presbyterians, and said that such meetings as that and such desires for union as were expressed at th?m were by no means useless. Such speeches must necessarily precede union, ani he balieved thay were a pood sign of the feeling whioh was necessary to union, and which mu3t be intensified ere the wish to which Mr. Jefferis had given utterance could be fulfilled. He said he had long regarded it as a sort of ecclesiastical suicide for several Churches to put down their little organizations in the same small townships when there were other fields of usefulness opan to them. In order to further the union which the evaDgelical Churches seemed to desire the first thing that should be done would be for them to be a eort of Common. Council or Synod at which te decide upon taking up missionary work in the more scattered parts of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He suggested that as a beginning, and hoped that something good might come out of it, as he felt sure it would if some such arraEeement could bo made between the Churches. (Hear, hear.) He personally had had the honour of being one of the delegates appointed by the Congregational Union of Vic toria to meet certain members of the Pras byterian Synod for the purpose of conferring with them on similar topics, and he believed the discussions that then took place and the arrange ments then made would to some extent promote the olject in view. (Hear, hear.) He sag gested seme such conference as this with a view to arranging preliminaries, and _thu3 preparing the way for a closer unity of action between the two bodies, and for their presenting a more united front to the Australian world. (Applause.) The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B , as a deputa tion appointed by the Baptist Association, said he would like to go a etep further even than Mr. Fletcher. He did not see why we Bhould iu a new colony like South Australia contemplate a perpetuity in ages to come of the three denomi nations no w represented on that platform. ( Hoar, hear.) Only let them allow each other full Christian liberty for opir.iou and practice, and then ho was in favour of their joining absolutely, so that they might, as Mr. Fletcher had said, present a more united front to their coairaon enemies. TLis had bettor be done at an early period of our history as a colony, or in a com paratively short time it would become almost as difficult of accomplishment as it was now in Scotland, England, or any old-established country. (Applause.) A3 years rolled on, and our colonial experience advanced, bo would difficulties increase, and therefore it was time the matter was taken up in all serious ness. (Hear, hear.) He tendered his heartiest, best wishes to the Presbyterians— who as a deno mination throughout the world now numbered no less than 80 millions of members— who were spread over the face of the globe far beyond Scotland, and extending to his knowledge as far as America, Palestine, Constantinople, Egypt, and even Rome. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. T.'PrPEB,as the representative of the Bible Christian Church,' also expressed fra ternal greetings, and suggested the advisabf ity of the future united Church taking the perfectly unobjectionable name of the denomination of which he was a minister. (Laughter.) The Bev. J. Macbrah proposed a vote of thanks to the members of the various deputa tion*, and expressed himself much pleased at th$ hearty interchange of affection, which he hoped would lead to hearty oo-operation and finally end In incorporation. (Bear, hear.) He Baid that Presbyterianism had made Scotland what it is; and Scotland was not ashamed of it either. (Hear, hear.) But it had outgrown Scotland, and had spread itself abroad through cut the world, eo that at the present time it embraced a larger number of adherents than any other section of the Protestant Christian Church. It had done great thintrs in the past, and ought to be earnestly helped forward as one of the greatest powers more and more to rege nerate society, promote Christian liberty, and elevate humanity. (Applause.) The Tote having been carried by acclamation, a collection was made in behalf of the Presbytery Fund, and the meeting was cjoEe'd ia't&fe; usual' manner. '. ' ' ?' ' ' ' ? » * '? 