THE GHOST ON BOORD SHIP. [ritOJI THE BOW BELLS ANNUAL.] I have followed the say, man and boy, any time these thirty years and moro ; and snro it's but little I have to tell you about that samo ia tho way of short commons, long voyages, mis« haps, and shipwrecks that would bo interesting to you, seeing that, in all rasonable probability, you have all of you had your fair sharo of tho like. However, maybo I can spin yon a short yarn about what everyone of you hasn't seen, aud that is a 'ghost on boord ship.' ' A ghost on board ship !' chorused the sailora, turning eagerly towards tho. speaker. ' Bcdad, ye may say that, aud as Cno a' ghoat as ever morlial mau set eyes upon.' You must know I was always partial to tlia .' say, and first tried ray hand at a sailor's lifo a cousin of my mother's, who had a small elo p ho used for fishing aloDg tho coast of! tao Covo of Cork. It wa'3 on boord tho little Shamrock I got my £ay-le#!, and, by the same token, many a sharp ropo*3-cndi32 into the bargain. .1 had plinty to eat, and plinty to drink, and plinty of hard work, too, as thcro wero-but thrco banda on boord— my cousin, ono man, and ; myself, making up tho entire crow. I waa well enough trcatod, aud Lad no reason to complain, ? Tho sloop waa a fast sailer, and a good say fcoat, and I ought to havo been continted— but somehow it's myself that wasn't satisfied at all at all. I never saw tho tall masts of tho big ships that traded to furrin parts that I didn't long to clamber up their nide3, and seo if I couldn't got a' .berth— anything, from aaptain to cabin-hoy, I. ?wasn't particular— on boord ono of them. Ono fine day, when the little sloop was high and dry, my cousin stepp'd into a shebeen to- get atosto of the mountain dew, and givo mo what he called my share, which wa3 a dale more pewter than whiaky— forJit'a mighty little of the latter ?was left in tho measure when ho handed it ta me; when a tall, spare, good-looking sort of a chap, enough, with lashings of bright brass buttons on his coat and waistcoat, and a smart goold band round hia peaked cap, who happened to bo taking his morning's refreshment at tho 'came time, said to my cousin as ho emptied hia naggin, 'Fill that,' says ho, ' onct more, fill that, and drink wid me.' 'Never say it again,' says my cousin. ' Fill &nd; drink's tho word this time with you, and tho next with rne, honest man 1' 'All right !' replied tho stranger,' \- And fill and drink it was more than onct round, joa may bo on your oath. ' Thaf a a smart youngster !' says he wid tho Tband and buttons, pointing to me. 'Tho boy's well enough, as a boy,' says my cousin. ' He's strong, handy, and wilting, and' not tho sort of a lad to kape where there's an empty larder,* but if he ates well, ho works ?we)! ; so raoro power to iiia elbow, and double rations, wid all my heart !' ' That's tho lad for my money !' says tho stranger. ''Would you like to take a trio with me, youngster V ''What ship do yon belong to. sir?' I asked. . .'That,' says he, going to 'tho door of tho public, and pointing to a splindid three- master, with the stara and stripes at the peak. ' And where do you sail to. sir i' says L 'New York,' replied he. ' Where's that, if it'splasin' to you, sir ?' saya 'In Amerikay,' says he; 'tho land of tho brave, and the home of the freo !' . ' Amerikay !' broko in my cousin. ' My Bister's wife's nnclo has a son there— a tall young man, badiy pock-marked, with a slight cast in his left eye, and hair as red as a fox, ' Lanty O'Gorman is the namo he has upon him. He has been thero two years and bettor. May hap you havo met him ?' ' I dar say I have,' said the stranger, laughing heartily. ' Would you take a message to him, sir,' asked \- my cousin. 'I'd bo everlastingly delighted,' says he, ' but there's a dale of O'Gorraana about ; and aa most of them are pock-marked, squint, aud havo red heads, I'm afraid I'd bo bothered to know him. Do you think that young shaver would remember him ?' ' Faith and troth I would, sir,' says I, ' by rason of tho leathering ho gave me onct for making an April fool of him, telling him tho chickcDs tho ould hen had hatched from tho ducks' eggs had tuck to the wather, and if he didn't hurry and get them out of tho pond, every mother's son of them would bo drowned !' ' WaJ,' said tho stranger, 'it's an almighty pity you ain't there to see him. The man I know of the name of O'Gorman is as rich .is mud ; and if ho took a liking to you, he could make your fortune right off the reel in less than no time !' 'I'd givo tho worrild to go,' says I. 'Come, old man,' says tho Yankee— I found out afterwards ho was an Amcrikan— ' what do you say ? Will you let this young shaver take a trip with me ? He shall bo well cared for under the stars and stripes. 1 11 givo him fair pay and good usage. Fact ia, I am in want of a smart lad, who has got his say-legi, to wait upon my self and a few extrp. caliin passengers. I like the cut of tho boy's jib, so say yes or no— how is it to be ? It will bo for tl.e lad's god ?' ' Arrah, good luck to yc, cousin darlint, let mo go ! It has been the wish of my heart, slftpin' and wakin', this many a long day ! Lot me go, and sorra a rap I'll spind of the lashings of goold Cousin Lanty will givo mo, but bring every pinny home, safe and sound, just as ho puts it into my hand !' ' You offer fair and honest,' saya my consin. ' It's true for you, it would be for tho boy's good— far better than his wasting his time dredging and coasting about hero: but— what ?would his mother say ? 'Wai/' said tho strangor, ' I havo dono a good many pretty considerable difficult things ia ny time, but as to my being able to tell you ?what his mother, or any othor female woman of the feminine persuasion, would be likely to say, my hand won't run to that ; so, rather than play tho game out, I'll hand in my cards. What I want to know is, -what you mean to say to it ; and you must be smart making up your mind, for the Brother Jonathan will trip her anchor bnght and early in the morning ! Yes, sir-reo I' To cnt the matter short, boys, tho Yankeo skipper gave my cousin enough in advance to find mo in the slops I wanted ; and I felt as if I couldlep over the moon for joy when I saw tho . ship's articles signed, and myself rated, at fair wages, as cabin-boy for tho outward and return trips. The ould people lived somo twenty mile3 in. land, so thero wa3 no chance of seeing thorn to bid good-bye ; and raaybo that waa all for tho best, aa it wasn't till tho hnrry and bustle of buying my kit was over, and I got fairly on booid, that tho thought of my father and mother, little Norah nnd Patsey, camo across my mind ? and when it did, the joy I felt at getting tho great wish of ray heart gratified— sailing in an elegant three-master — with moro people on boord her (she was an omigrant ship) than thoro was in . my own native village, and a dozen beside— turned into unfeigned sorrow at parting from them ; and, for tho life of mo, I couldn't closo my eyes all night, because of tho scalding hot tears that would force their way from under tho lids. But boys aro boys, and sorrow sits lightly on young hearts ; and it's a blessin' it does, for sure ?wo got enough of it when wo grow older, and, perhaps, wiser, and better ablo to bear it ! Faith, it was as much as I could do to wonder at everything I saw on boord tho beautiful clipper— for a clipper she was, boys, and could ? r ?°?*.°a her twelve knots an hour as easy as a bird flies. J Tho skipper was as good a seaman as over boxed a compass ; _jo crew, barring tho skulkers, wcro weU trated. Aa tor tho ' ould soldiers,' tho way they got hazed and started waa— I must use a Yankee word— a caution ! Wo made the Battery at New York in a few houra over thirty days. I got leavo to go on shoro with the third mate, a mighty dacint young man ; and whin I tould turn I wanted him to tako mo to my cousin, by mv mother's sister's side, whoso namo waa O Gorman, with the small pox, a squint, and a foxoy head, 1- thought ho'd tak on a Govon years' laso of a laugh, and would— unless ho split his sides— never do anything elso but that same for ' tho rest of hia born' days. To cut tho matter short, ho tould mo tho skipper had sould mo as chapo as a speckled orange! Solgavoup all hopea of finding my cousin and my fortuno ; saw as much aa I could of the beautiful city ; bought a triflo or two to tako homo ; and, after another splendid run, waa landed, safe and sound, onct moro on tho dear ould Coyo of Cork, 'Then you saw no ghost in that ship?' saya Bostock. ' Faith, I dia 1' ' But you havo told us nothing about it !' saya Wait till a while ago. I tuck my wages, and started for tho pnblic, where I knew I should find my cousin— and right glad ho waa to seo mo ; but I couldn't help feeling as if something was wrong by tho way he looked and answered mo, when 1 asked af ther the ould people- and little Norah and Patsey. ' Take a tumbler of punch, now !' saya ho ; ' and we'll talk of that afterwards.' 'Not at all,' aays I. 'Tho nows, whether good or bad, will go better with the punch ; so we'll havo them together. How ia my darlint mother?' ' Well 1' saya ho. ' And dad ?' I inquired. 'Well, too!' says ho. 'Thank tho Lord for that !' saya I. 'And thelittlo ones?' ' Happy and hearty !' says he. ' Thanks bo to heaven again !' saya I. ' But what's tho matter wid you, at all, man alivo ?' 'Tho matter wid me?' said ho. 'What would bo the matter wid me ?'* said he. ' Sorra a one of mo knowa !1' replied I. ' But you look as if you were at a wako widout whisky !' ' Yon didn't hear ranch about what happened at Ballyshevan, in Amerikay ?' says he. ' Faith, you aro right ! Not much more than I did about Foxey O'Gorman, wid his squint and red hair !' says I, laughing to think what a fool tho skipper had made of me. ' There's nothing to laugh at Jicre /' says ho. ' There's only two things that havo been plin tiful this season !' ' Potaties and oat3 ?' says I, ' No such luck !' says ho. 'What thin?' I asked. ' Famine and f aver J' ho saya pat. You might havo knocked me down wid a Jack straw, whin I heard those words. I ralcd back, and if it hadn't been for a binch that was clo30 against the wall, which I clutched a bould of, nnd managed to bring myself up with, I'd havo fallen full length on the floor. ' Have a good sup of this !' says ho, handing me his tumbler of punch ; ' and don't tako on so,' says he. 'You are better off than most of tho noighbora ! Suro death hasn't knocked at your door ; and all you love are living — thoagh they have had a hard time of it — to welcomo you back.' ' You aro right,' saya I, as I started up, ' and tho sooner I get that wclcorao tho better. What ami jvasting my timo hero for, at all at all, whin I ought to bo there — it's only twenty miles. It's airly yet, I can bo homo by nightfall. I havo promised to return, but I've got thrco daya' lave, so I'm off at onct.' I won't kapo you on the road, suro it's longer than ever it seemed ; but it camo to an end at last, I forgot all ray fatigne whin I opened tho door, and stepped inside tho threshold ; it waa between daylight and dark— thero was no candle burning — but I could seo tho forms of tho four people most dear to me on earth. An involun tary ' The Vargin bo praised !' broko from my lips. ' My son ! my son !' almost Bcreamed my mother, and if I had been four boys instead of one tbero wouldn't havo been room enough on mo for tho kisses they all wanted to give mo at tho same timo. Whin tho first great joy cf our meeting was over, I bee;an to ask pardon for quitting ould Ireland widout their lave. ' Don't spake about it, darlint,' said my mother ; thin, pointing upwards, she added, mighty solemn, ' Glory bo to Him, it wa3 His will, and it was the best day's work ever you did. Tell him what has happened.' 'I will,' said my father. 'You seo, Phil, my son, soon after you sailed for Amerikay, tho old master died, and the estate came into the hands of hia nephew, a wild harum-scarum sort of a chap, that kapes tho hoith of company with tho quality and rich people in London and Paris, and tho Lord knows where clso besides ; but never sets hia foot, nor spinds a shurrick . here, where the money that pays for his houses, and carriages, and racehorses, and tho wine h\% foino friends drinks — when his tenants i3 starving — cornea from. Seeing how things were likely to go, tho ould agent threw up hi8 placo rather than rack the tenanta any further; thia just suited my gintleman, who sent aver a new one, a hard man, wid a heart of stone, and he drove the poor crayturea as a wolf would drive a flock of shape ; they did their best, till their cropB failed, to kape their bit3 of farms ; but then— God help them ! they were dead bate— suro tho famino came, and tho famino brought on tho faver ; they couldn't pay ; they wore evicted by dozens ; and the evictions brought on something worso than tho famino or faver — something they hungered and thirsted for moro than mate and dhrink.' ' What was that, father dear V ' Revingo 1' Bays ho. ' Revinge ! father— revingo !' I muttered. ' Yis,' says he ; but hnah ! spake low, darlin'. Tho boys wint out. Well, after that, it's littlo the moon or stars were wanted to light up tho night while there was a full barn on the estate.' 'The country is overrun by tho po-lico and the aogers ; but it is small good they have dono, or aro likely to do. Starving men don't care much for stale or lead ; but ? ' Here ho paused and raised his hand. 'Hush! there's futsteps on tho road, and me talking loud enough to bo heard a mile off.' As no apoko, ho roso, went stealthily to tho door, opened it, and looked out. ' Thero'a nothing to bo afraid of, it's naither tho peelers nor the sogcrs, it's f rinds that's com* ing. ' As he wint back to his sate, a fine, handsomo young follow brought in a lovely girl, exclaiming, aa ho entered, ' God save all hero.' ' Amen for that same kindly wish,' waB our answer. They were ould frinds and playmates, the son ana daughter of two of tho snuggest farmers on thoeatato; and I well know before I Failed for «i°t y *,'iey wero enSaSod to bo married. I wasn't wrong,' said tho young man, as he looked hard at me, ' it is Phil himself. How'a every bit of you? suro it's right glad I am to seo you.hero this blessed night. 'And me, too, Phil,' said pretty Mary Shean, as sho took tho hand young O'ltourko left freo, and shook it warmly. Wo sat for, maybe, an hour or moro, talking over ould times ; and it was with a sad heart I listened to tho bad news — for bad enough it was. O'ltourko tould mo the rason of hia visit wa3 to let me know ho and Mary had made up their minda to sail for Amerikay, whero they had somo friends doirjg well, and it waa agreed they would go aa steerage passengers with mo, thrco daya after date, in tho clipper ehip, Georgo Washington. As they roso to depart, and wero bidding na a kind good night, a low wbistlo outsido caused ua al to tstaitj CBonrko drew hiuiEolf up, and compressed his lips tightly, as ho listcnod for a repetition of tho signal. Mary turned deathly pale, and clutched her swoetheart'8ana convulsively. ? The whistlo waa ropeatcd. Miles stooped down, kissed tho trembling girl's forehead, and, addressing me, hastily said, ' Phil, tired aa you must be, I know I can trust 1 to you to seo Mary safo home.' ' Why not do so' yourself ?' asked I. ' Bocause I am called, and must oboy.' 'Aro tho boya out to-night?' inquired my father. ' They aro, and will bo till ? ' ' When ?— where ?' demanded my mother. ' No matter,' said O'Rourko, ' you will know aoon enough. Perhaps too soon.' The whistlo was heard for tho third time. O'Rourko ruahed from tho cottage, exclaiming, ' Heaven guard you all 1' After the lapso of a few minutes, I started with Mary for hor fatbor'a house. As I left her, looking very sad, at tho door, I told her to bo sure to seo that O'Rourko waa not too lato to sail wid mo. 'Little fear of that,' said nho ; 'sinco hia father ha.3 been ordered to quit tho farm, to make way for a friend of tho new agent's, he'll be glad to leavo tho placo for ever.' I turnod to go home, with a sad heart. It waa tho end of harvest-time ; tho weather waa very sultry, and tho night cloudy ana over cast. I thought, aa I hurried homo, we should soon havo a heavy thunderstorm, and fancied tho summer lightning was more vivid than usual. Just a3 I reached my father's door, I was startled by the sudden flashing of a fierce flame in tho direction of tho mansion of tho new heir to tho splendid estate ho inherited from his uncle. I doubtod for a moment, but then waa per fectly sartain the Hall was on firo. I dashed off at the top of my speed, taking tho nearest cut across the fields to tho sceno of tho conflagrashun. As I was pslting along, I heard tho fire-bell sounding from tho police barracks, but I got to tho placq before the sogora or poelere had a chanco of reaching it. A glanco convinced mo tho ould placo wa3 dooraod ; tho flame3 had burst through tho lower windows, and wcro carried by 'tho lattice- work, that reached high abovo tho portico, to tho upper story. Whilo I waa looking at tho blazing pile, a horseman galloped at full speed up the avenue. Just as ho had almost reached tho Hall door, and wa3 reining in hia horse to dismount, four or fivo dark figures appeared to spring suddenly out of the ground, and I heard tho report of fire-arms— two distinct shots I could swear to. At tho- first, ono of tho party, who sought to intercept tho mounted man, fell ; at the second, tho rider rolled from his saddle heavily to tho ground, and then tho other figures disappeared as suddenly as they had at first sprung up. I was so thunderstruck, that for somo fow minutes. I could not stir from tho spot. Seeing no sign of the approach of the military or police, curiosity, or somo strong feeling, got tho bettor of my prudence, and I hurried forward to tho scene of slaughter, for such in my heart I felt it was— in the caso of at least one of tho fallen men. And there, with tho lurid light of tho burning building flashing across his death like face, and the purple blood welling up from a wound in his chest through hi3 cambric shirt frill, lay, stretched in death, the newly-appointed agent, and, close beside him, O'Rourko, still living, but drawing every breath with such diffi culty that I felt certain his last hour had como. I raised his head, and spoko to him. Ho know my voice, and, by a suporhumau effort, managed to support himself on his elbow, as ho took a small purse from lib breast-pocket ; ho E laced it in my baud, and said, ' Phil, darlin', I now you've the brave and thruo heart, though it's only a boy you are. Listen to my last words. Kapo my secret, for my sako ; never let on to man or mortial you saw mo here. Give that purse to Mary — tako hor to her frinds in Amorikay — she'll never hear of this there, and may larn in timo to forget me. Tell her we shall meet in a better place ; and hark ! my eyes arc growing dark, but I can hear well enough, there aro fut stop3 — they aro coming this way ; run, for your lifo ; if you are found hero, you will die on the gallows, and that would break your poor old father and mother's hearts ! Bless you, Phil, alauna ! Remember my last words, and, as you hope for morcy, do my bidding !' He drew a deep sigh, fell heavily from my arms, rolled over on his side, and there — with tho dead agent's fixed and glassy eyes staring tho frightful staro of death straight at him— lay cowld and still ! The sound of tho futstepa camo nearer and nearer. I started at my best speed for home, When I stepped into tho house, the children had been put to bed, but the ould people wero still talking by tho dim light of tho nearly burnt-out turf fire. I wished them good night, plading fataigue, and reached my small room without their having an opportunity of noticing the stato of alarm and agitation I was in. Tho next day was an awful ono for me. The violent death of tho middleman waa in every one's mouth ; hut it wa3 somo rolief to find no mention was mado of tho finding tho corpse of poor O'Rourko. I concludod tho footsteps wo had both heard were those of some of hia associates, and that they had carried off and concealed his body. I fulfilled O'Rourke's wishes to tho bO3t of my power; saw Mary Sheean safo on boord ship, put her in tho caro of a daccnt, middle-agod country-woman of her own — and a3 I was as suring her, in O'Rourko's words, that ho would soon join her, all I had to say waa cut abort by tho arrival of a parcel of pcolera on board, and tho rason of their coming waa tho assassination of the agent had been discovered. O'Rourko was missing, and so suspicion foil on him— and there waa a reward of two hundred pounds offered for him. It waa thought possible ho might bo on boord the George Washington, and they had come, with a, full description of hia person, to sarch the ship. Tho uassengcrs— and it waa a tadeoua job were all paraded— over 300 in tho steerage, lot alono tho cabin and tho crow — every part of tho ship was overhauled, but, as may naturally bo supposed, no Miles O'Rourko was found. I need scarcely toll yez, boys, what a relief that was to pretty Mary Sheean and myself. When tho polico ofticera had left the Georgo Washington, she beckoned mo to her, and whis perod, ' thanks bo to tho Lord ho waa not on boord ! though I know ho would never take any man's lifo ; still as ho was out that night, it would havo gono hard wid him. But, never fear, hell como by tho next ship ; and bo I'll wait and watch for him at New York. There'a his box— tako caro of it for him till wo got ?thero ; and, tee, hero's the kay — mind that, too ; maybe I'd lose it.' I hadn't tho heart to tmdecavo her, so I an* swored her as cheerfully aa I could, put tho kay in my pocket and the box in my locker, and went about my business, wid a mighty heavy heart entirely. All went on smoothly enough— but about tho tenth day after wo Bailed, a report got afloat that iho ehip was haunted. At first tho captain only laughed at such an absurd rumor ; but finding the men believed it, and went unwillingly about their duty after dark, unlesa in couples, ho set to work to find ont who bad been tho first person to circulate the Etory, After a deal of dodging and prevarication, it waa traced to black Sam, the nigger cook. Tho akippcr called tho ould darky up to tho quarter-deck, and then, in tho bearing of tho cabin-passengers and most of tho crew, thd cook stated, afther wo had boon at eay for a few days, that ono night, aa ho wag dozing in tho cabooso, ho waa startled by tho appearance of a tall figure, with a faco as pallid as death, noiselessly entering through tho half-open door. Tho ghost — for such Sam was willing to swear it was, to use hia own words, '* on a stack of bibles aa high aa tho main topmast '—had on a blood stained shroud. It slowly approached tho terror stricken cook, who, fearing it intended to do him somo bodily iiarrum, sprang from his bunk, and yell'd loudly for assistance. At the first sound of Sam's voice, tho lamp wint out of itself, and tho ghost vanished. Several sailors bore testimony to hearing tho cook screaming for help— to tho fearful stato of fright ho was in ; and, as they could seo no trace of tho apparition Sam so minutely described, conGrmed his' report aa to tho sudden disappear ance of the supernatural intruder. This v.-a3 tho origin of tbo report ; but, somo days after, at least naif a dozon seamen declared they had seen the self-same spectre gliding about tho deck soon after midnight ; and among them tho boatswain, aa bravo a fellow as over brandished a rope's-end, declared that, upon wak ing suddenly ono night, ho saw the ghost sated on hia locker, either imitating the action of a person ating voraciously, or making a series of such horribly ujjly grimaces aa would havo done honor to Vanity Fair itself. Tho wholo affair waa considered a good joko by tho skipper and cabin passengers ; but thoso in tho steerage and the ship'a crow placed implicit confidence in tho cook'a narrative, corroborated and supported aa it waa by tho sailora and tho boatswain. ? For my part, I had no faith in any worso sperrita than thoso that como out of a bottle, or, may he, a hogshead, and I lost no chanco of trotting out tho friends of the ghost. Bat my turn had to come— and como it did, with a vingeanco. Ono night, boy- like, I had been braggin1 mightily loud about my courago. Ould Sam offered to bet his three days' grog against raino I daren't slapo in tho caboose ho had deserted sinco he saw the spcrrit that same night. The wager was made, and I turned in, thinking what a laugh I should havo against tho ould darkey when I handed him back his complement of rum. . I'll do the ould nngur tho justico to say, when I accepted tho wager, ho offered to let mo off ; and, whon ho found I waa determined to stick to it, he warned me, with a sigh that sounded liko a groan, I had much better not ; but any way, happen what raightj ho hoped I would hould him harmless, and forgive him for my misfortune, if any should overtake mo. Wid a smile, bedad ! I promised to do so, and, when tho time camo, turned into tho bunk, and was soon fast ailapo. How long this lasted. I don't know : but I waa suddenly awoke by feeling a cowld, clammy hand passing over my face, and whin I openod my paypers, judgo of my dread whin I saw tho lank spectre I had been making a joko of standing by my sido. Bedad ! if Saint Patrick's Cathadral was stuck in my throat, I couldn't havo felt moro nearly choked. The craturo, whatever it was, seemed as tall as the manemast, and aa thin aa a rasher of wind. Every hair on my head sprang up, and my oyea seemed starting out of their socketB to moot thoso of the ghost, which were as big as saucers, and were fixed on mine with a look that scorned to go through and through them, and como out at tho back of my head. I iried to cry ont, but I couldn't ; but if my tongue couldn t chatter, my teeth could. If tho big skeleton's bones ' had been put in an orapty cask, and well shuck up by a couple of strong min, they couldn't havo made a biggor noiso than my jaws did. I tried my hardest to romimber and rcharso a prayer ; but sorrow tho tasto of ono would como into ray head. Shure, everything daccnt wa3 frightened clane out of it. The only good thing I could call to mind waa what my mother taught mo to say beforo males. I thought that waa better than nothing, so I whispered out, whilo I was shivering with the fear that was upon me, ' For what I am going to recave, may tho Lord make rao truly thankful !' Whin I had done, the ghost's jaws moved, and in a voice so hoarso and hollow, that it might havo como from tho bottom of a churchyard vault, half-moaned, half-groaned, ' It's graco you'ro saying, you imperint young blaggard I' ' It is,' says I, trimbling all over. ' That is, if it'a not displasing to your honor's lordship.' ' That dopinds,' saya he, ' upon what you aro going to give me to ate after it.' ' Ate !' says I. ' Why, thin, bo good to us ! can you ate ? ' Thry mo,' says he, ' and yon'll see whethor I can or not; and make haste, for my timo's short I I must go down agin almost im madiately, and it isn't the bit or sup I'vo had for near onto fivo days ; and by rason of that, though I waa a strong man once, it's nearly gone I am !' ' Gono where ?' I asked.' 'To my grave,' sayahe. ' Bad ccsa to them, whoever thoy were, that ought to have done it, and didn't - Haven't thoy buried you yet V I inquired. ' What would thoy bury mo for?' saya ho. 'It'a customary with corpses where I como from,' I answered, ' I como from tho aamo place,' says he. ' They aro bad enough there, in all conscience more particularly, by the samo token, tho mid dlemen, tithe- proctors, and excisemen ; but thoy didn't bury live min in my time,' says ho. ' But they did dead ones,' says I. ' Of course,' ho assented. ' And it's you that will havo to bury me, mighty Boon, un less — — ' 'Unless what?' I demanded, in a biggor fright than cvor at tho thought of having to turn sexton to a sperrit. 'Well, unless you givo mo somothing to ato and drink,' saya he. 'Tako all there is in that locker,' says I, ' and welcome— and bo off out of thia.' ' Don't aay it agin,' saya ho ; and he opened tbo locker, and walked into tho cook'a storo liko a shark that had been kaping a aix weoka' fa3t. It was wonderful to eeo how tho tears 3tood in tho poor ghost's eyes, how hia jawa worked, and hia throat swelled, aa ho swallowed mouthful after mouthful, the bigness of a big man's fist. In a few minutes ho turned to rao, and said, ' Tako my blessing for thia, Phil !' I was startled to bear tho ghost call mo by my own namo ; but as I didn't want to encourage him to kapo on visiting tcrm3, I thought it wouldn't do to let him become too familiar, bo I said, mighty stiff like, ' Fill yourself, honest opirit, a3 much as you wlaso, but don't bo Phil-ing rae^ — I don't liko such freedom on a short acquaintanco —and you are no friend of mine,' saya 1, ' I was onct,' ho replied. ' When ?' asked I ' When we wero in the onld connthry,' snya ho. 'When you tuck the purse from mo for Mary Sheean, and promised to spako tho hist words I spoke to her.' When I hcanl him Eay that, all my onld fears camp over me fifty times stronger than ever, for hadn't I broken my promise to O'Rourko ? And I could ceo now, from tho family likeness, thia was hia spirit ; and.instcad of telling her all ho Biitl, only given hull his mcs&gc; to poor Mary 1 ' Oh, be me sowl, rood ghost !' uaya I, ' If I'm a ghost, I'm ? ' Ho mado a ToDg pause, so I spoko. 'Never mind what, says J. ' I don't ?*&»{ to ax any post mortem questions ? ' 'Blest !' says -ho. ' That's a great relief entiroly,' saya- 1. ' Bofc if you aro blessed, I'm no fit compauy for jon ; so never mind your manners— don't stay to bid me Rood-bjc, but go at onct.' ' You don't want mo to stay?' saya hc»' ' I don't,' I replied. : ' You aro moro changed than I am,' he adJetJ,1 ' I wouldn't wonder,' saya I, ' seeing the sort of company I am in. ' Do you find fault with my company ?' aske$ ho. ' I do,' says I. ' And you wish mo to go^ — down below again 2*3 ' As soon as convanient,' saya I. ' Well, Philip Donovan,' saja ho ' rulher I -J$ you aro mortially changed.' 'It's you,' says I. 'My turn hasn't comfl yet, but it will, all in good time. ' Phil Donovan, do you know who 30a aifi spaking to?' ' Faix I do, to my sorrow J' saya I ; ' toMil^g' O'Roiuko'a ghost !' ' Miles 0 Rourke's ghost ?' saya ho. ' ' Dickons a doubt of it !' says I. ' Didn't 1 eco his body lying stark and dead, wid the bloo$ wolling out in gallons from Iub herat?' 'It wasn't my heart, man alive — it wan jny shoulder; and shuro it was tho loss o£ that same that mado me faint ! Take a hould of my bandy if you doubt me. Therc'a littlo left of it bu6 skin and bone ; but it's human ttill 1' It waa moightily against my own wish, and wid a cowld shiver running down my back, I did a3 ho asked ; but whin I did catch a hould of hia fist, ghost or no ghost, he nearly made mine iatp a jelly wid tho squeeze he gave it, ' Murthor alivo I1' says I. ' Hould your whist. Remember, I'm a ghost l3 says ho. '* That's thruc for yon!' says I : ' and yon mtJeft continue one for the rest of tho voyage, or nujbfl you will be trated as something worse 1' ' What's that ?' heasked. ' A stowaway !' says I ' The tlupper's & goocl man enough ; but if ho discovers you, tho way he'll sarve you will be awful.' ' What will he do ?' inquired ho. '' ' Givo you tliirty-nino and land you,' says TJ 'Laud mo where?' ' In tho raiddlo of tho say !' says I; -; 'Murther !' sajs ho. ' Aloighty like it,' says I ; ' but hell do it.' ' I'd havo to give up tho ghost then !'' says he\ ' You would, in airnest !' I tould him, ' But you musn't do it yet Tell mo how did you comQ on boord 1' 'I will,' says ho. 'When tho boya found me, I had only a flesh wound, and had faintetf from loss of blood. They got a car, and smuggled rao down to Cork. I had scarcely set my fut on deck, as tho poclcra camo rowing up tho sido. When tho order was given to muster all hands, I made ray way to the hould, and hid myself in tho straw in an empty crato in tho darkest corner of the place. Tno men searched pretty closely, but, as good luck would havo itj the'y passed by my hiding-place.' ' You must go back to it. But now, Milo9 O'Rourko, answer mo ono question, r»nd, sb yctf ? aro a man, answor it truly 1'' 'What is it?' ' Did you kill tho agent?' Wako aa was O'Rourke, ho stood grandly Up';, tho ould honest, proud look camo in I113 palo, wasted, hut still handsome face ; and pointing hia long, thin fingor to heaven, ho said, in a deep, low tone, tho earnestnesa of which I shall neve* forgot to my dying day, ' Aa I hope for justice somo day here, and mercy hereafter, I did not !', Tho hug I gavo him would havo broken many a strong man's riba, lot alono a ghost's ; but £ couldn't help it. Bedad, if I had been a Roosian bear itself, that hug would have boca a credit to mo. ' What on earth am I to do ?' asked Miles? ? 'Anything you plaso,' saya I, ' whin you gti thcro ! But you aro on the water now, worsa luck — and that's what bothers me. I wouldn't givo a thrawncen for your life, if yon aro dis« covered nnd recognised aa Miles O'Rourke.' There's two hundred pounds reward offerod for yon, and tho evidence seoma pretty Btrong against you.' ' How would thoy know mo ?' cays he. ' Yoit didn't — and no wonder ! Shuro whin 1 came on boord I weighed fonrteen stone ; and now, ten stone in tho ono scalo would pitch mo np to tug ceiling out of tho other !' 'That's thruo enough,' saya I; 'but yott must bear in mind I tuk you for somebody else'a ghost, and didn't make any allowance for tho starving you havo had, which, particularly as a stowaway, thoy would bo sure to do. But now you must get back to tho hould. I'll contrivo to drop half my rations and a triflo of grog down every day— soo Mary, and consult with herj Shuro, ono_ woman's wit ia worth a dozen mQn'a in a caso liko thia.' 'But ? 'says ho. 'Hush !' aaya I ; 'I hear footstops. Wo ard in a tight placo now ! There'a only ono char.CQ for ua : I'm aslapo, and you'ro a ghost again !' I fell back in my bunk, and began snoring likfl a porker wid tho influenzy, jnst aa tho doot opened, and tho ould nagur poked in his blaglc woolly mop. Miles stood up to his full height, anil ra?ECd hia handa above his head, aa if ho waa going to pounco upon him. Tho poor cook, torrified beyond measure, fell down aa flat as a flounder on I1L3 faco, shrieking out at tho top of hia voico, ' Tho ghost .'— tho ghost !' O'Rourko stepped over his body, and hurried back to his hiding-placo, unseen by tho be* wildercd Bailors. '? I pretended to awako from a sound shpo, and had tho plcasuro of hearing tho toughest jaro that ever was spun, from Sam, in which he gavo a soul-thrilling description of hia encounter an (2 hand-to-hand fight with the dreadful apparition*) I saw Mary tho noxt morning, and broko tho nowa of O'Rourko's boing on board as gently aa I could. Our plana wero soon laid. By the timo wo camo to an anchor off New York, I contrived to drop, unseen by anyone, a bundlo, containing a suit of O'Roarko'a clothes, shaving materials^ and aamall looking-glass, down tho hold. , When the passengers were paradosl, tho policc» offcor, who had remained on beard, was too much engaged reading tho following description of a supposed murderer to pay much attention to pretty Mary Sheean, or the poor, palo, stooping invalid sho was supporting :— ? 'Two hundred pounda reward for tho np^ prehension of Miles O'Ronrko. Description.—* Florid face, curling brown bair, largo and mns# cular limbs, fincly-dovelopod chest. Height,! about six feet; weight, rather under fourteen atone.' Unlike aa tho half-starved wreck was to wBal ho had been when ho came on boord, I waa in ao agony of fear, until I saw Mary safely landed en tho Battery, convulsively grasping tho hand ci! the ship's ghost ? 