[?] ,,..,T.he,ifollo)ving, ,sayB tlio.Goelpng. Adycrtiser is an extraclfrom an amusing .lettert;wfitten,. by a gentleman well-knoiyn on the Geelong press to a resident of th'is(towri, 'dated New Zealand 22nd Mav' :— " I rirbmiied; when I left Geelons that WhenVl' had'(;ari 'oppor turiity 'I ('should. ' Write "to youj1 arid- that 'pibmiso it;is ripw'my 'intentiori to' keop. I (Since my( jamyar at Port Clialmbrs riiy (careeA h'as been' a", somewhat (chequer'ed' one ; dull,.ui8malclqudslbweririg,but rsiipposeitiio briHiant 8unsliine,lurioj,behind(.Vi .DunpSin", 'the oomineroial: metropolis of /Nb.WjZealond, proved ja> disappointment.,,,; The, "press .belonged.-, to,, a -oharmod circle itiWaanthe exclusive; property of"a',press club, an'd,; there was no;ppening-T-not the' 'ghost of, loophblefor-;ii''yiotoriari inter|- loper-' like-'riie. ' UI 'sought ' Other- employment, but , Wasl|'dboine'd ' t6(disappbiritnieht; Orie'of ! tli'o 1 reliable f f)J- organ's of public bpiniori trum- peted forth' ithe( praises,pf. .aylaborir agent, and for.'thiWe, whp (wouli, .a.fj'wiamwbfes I( ; paid i my. f ee, : and . lning about the atops of (tho; agent's offieo until jmy toea were cramped, and: my. patieneo: exhausted. : ; A, fow j days before tOhristmasVuwith vhalf-a-erown (the remains iqf . riiyj; ample 'fortune); I; started; on -the .walloby.- track. I deposited my memorable blaok; bell-. 'toppur viiider a manuka' tree, abondoned my- papofebllar,' arid' dressed myself - as a new eliuni.- For ' about- a week' I encountered the moslde-, ligh'tful-privatibris imaginable. ' Travelling 'on 'seaiit' fare;, 'arid (roosting at night Where'er: I( could find 'shelter/'.,, At the end of that period-!-' ono of the ha'ppiest of niy life— I found . myself "o ver a liiiridred milos on my way, . at. a place cttlled;Papakau,;!with"a, skinned .noso aridblis-' tered toes. and my elastie aides worn to the. verge, of desperation; - The Provincial Government of Otago were at this place engaged in rectifying -the absurdities of a tramway, made somo months previously by a pet contractor, and passed as perfoot by: tho obsequious officers of the depart ment. I applied for employment, and two days afterwards commenced a brief caroor witli pick and shovel on tho Awamoka railway. To toll you oil my oxperionces in my now ' capacity would be a long," even if interesting tale. You will probably conceive some of my pleasures,, how I monufacturod 'palm oil and. patent blisters. I boarded at a hotel, and slept in the < dead-house,' a place fitted up with bunks just as on board of a steamer. . . . For some time I have been ongagod with a survey party, and am just beginning to get on my legs, and save a little monoy. I was novor in better health or condition, but as usual I am not at all con- tontod. I liavo plonty of exercise, travelling on tlio avorago twenty milos daily over rough ground and hilly country. There are throe of us and a cook. "Wo live well, ond have lots of fresh air. By-and-bye, I suppose I shall bo a Jack-of-all- trados. Some of those odd days I shall write to you riiore fully,- arid givo you a hotter account of this highly-taxei and much indebted country." 