MERINO. (from our own correspondent. ) June 26. ; Yankee Bill was brought np at onr local police court last week, for furiously driving a pair of horses on the Queen's Birthday, thereby ; smashing a boggy, and endangering tbe lives of several persons. He pleaded guilty to the charge, and expressed bis regret at tbe Accident. The bench fined him £5 and J J6d costs, which onght to prove a serious warning to him, aa be bad a very narrow escape of bang charged wfth a' mnch jgraVer and iCfrions offence. However, Bill seemed to be very contrite and desirtrafc of proving his sincere regret .for hi carefosanesfe- ihy paying weekly instalments towards tbe repaira to the buggy, which will cost abodi £20, The weather-is exceedingly cold, and snow has fallen within a mileof the township. At Digby last week, there was a good dowufa! of enow, and if the weather continues as cold an it it now, we may expect more of it. An essay on "Ghosts" waa read at tin Merino Mutual Improvement Ansoaatiotoon Thursday evening, the 15th, by Ma Ballon, end a good diecusmon was tbe result; several members giving their different views upouthe subject. The essayist expressed; his ljbe. lie! jfoat most gboat stories oonld be ac counted for if all tbe atteodiegTafcnmstanBes were made known, apparitions ,beiog. inibia: opinion tbe result of -imagination, Nodonbt this- is true, but there ere -several leases known which cannot be explained, - v Onr worthy president brought forward aome very strong arguments en the other ride; ioclndiog some quotations from the Bible and: »ew. Testament which the essayist explained and refuted, but evidently Dot to toerotfofrotion of-- the president. At onr last meeting there were readings for diaenmion by soreref mem bers of the association ; also, a ehort lecture read by Mr. Sadens, from the works of M>. Talmagr, one of the great America diyinee, on "Lies, White and Black," which was batoned to with great attention and Htmueed l.y the i membera present; aa it forcibly re minded them of their e very daylifel It waa decided that the association shedd-jrivb -au entertainment, to consist of reading!, nota tions, music, and ringing, for the benefit of; the Mechamee Institute, 4>n Thursday, Jnly. 13th; and ee many tr embers of the aaaoria- tion have promised to take part, tt ia likely to be very ©accesBfal. The Shire Councillor! seem to be laying a little -more attention to tour township .man they have done of hue. The prinaroddrains in the township sue bring and repairs generally nro the order of tbe day, saw tbat » good road ba been made <3mni|b tbe Sandford sand, it is to be hoped they wili ere long do something to the Digby. sand, to the creek ; and the Portland Sbire will per haps do something on the other aide of it, for It ia nearly aa bad as it can be. 