COMPLIMENTARY" DINNER TO THE HON. J. B WATT, M.L.C. YESTERDAY evening, a camp centenary dinner to the Hon. J. li. AVatt, M.L 6, on the occasion of his leaving the colony for horses, were given at the Exchange, and was attended by about 150 gentlemen, representing all the principal interests of the c 1 my The building was tastefully decorated with flags, flowers, and of stage. The hall was used as a reception-room an I the dinner was laid in the large dining-hall. The floral decorations were arranged by Mr. Charles Moore, of the Botanic Gardens, and gave theban<ui»t-io in a festive appearance. Many of the native flowers and shrubs had been brought from Manly. The British ensign covered the wall over the chairman, while at the other end of the room the flags of the Pacific Mail Company occupied a central position, having on the one side the Torres Straits Mail Company's flag, and on the other the flag of the A. S. N. Company'. The months; "Pleasant passage and quick return," neatly wreathed with foliage on a ' white ground, occupied a conspicuous position on the flag of the Pacific Mail Company. The German Band played a variety of airs during the dinner time, and also supplied the music honouring the toasts The dinner, which was served a la Jtwse, did credit to host Gannon in all respects. Grace having been sail by the Rev. E. C. Stuart, the company took their seats at the table. The Hon. John Campbell, M.L C , occupied the chair, having on his right the guest (the Hon. J. B. Watt, MLC.), the Hon. John Hay (President of the Legislative Council), the Hon. A. Stuart (Colonial Treasurer), Mr. H. Parkes, M.L A., the Hon G. H. CON, Rev. Dr. Forrest, the Urn A. Campbell and on his left the Hon. John Robertson (Premier), the Hon. Sir E. Deas-Thomson, MLC, the Rev. E. C. Stuart, the Hon. J. F. Burns (Postmaster-General), the Hon. Thomas Garrett (Minister for Lands), his Worship the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Biminmin Palmer); the vice-chairs were cupied by the Hon. Saul Samuel, CMG. ; Mr. Thomas S. Mort and Mr. James Watson, M L.A. Amongst the company were the Hon. W. B. Dalley (Attorney-General), the late Thomas Holt, M.L.C., the Hon. S." D), Gordon; Messrs. P N. Bayly', Captain C. Smith, Captain Moody, H Mort, M. Metcalfe, T. A. Dibbs, G R. Dibbs, M'LEAY., G. A Lloyd, M.L A., Captain Trotter, John Alger, J. B. Holt, E. Buckland, AV. Br idiot, 0\. b. Curd, &. Cowie, S. A. Joseph, L. W. Let ey, T. Littlejohn, J. li. Manning, J. S. Mitchell, W. G. Murray, John Walker, Ayr J. Western, W. Wolfen, Captain Hixson, Captain Fox, Captain Kairtlough, Alderman Mc riman, Captain MaiL-nn, Captain Broomfield, Lieutenant Lindeman, AV. 0. Gilchrist. John Gilchrist, Mr. L. A. Allan, W. Speer, J. Govan.R. P. Richardson, AV. Mnclcaj-,AV.Limb, H. C. Dangar, M.L A., AV. Barker, James Norton, J. V. Barnard, A. Lamb, H. Mort, J. Paterson, J. Pope, Alfred Roberts, MRCS.. J. R. Raphael, J. B. Rundle, Carl Wahl, F. Senior, R. B. Smith, M.L.A., Albert Smith, J. R. Street, S. A. Stephen, Colin under, (Captain Munro, Dr. Garran, A. Dean. Letters of apology were lead from the Hon G. W. Allen (Speaker of the Legislative Assembly), Mr. W. Russell, and Mr. F. H. Dangar. The CHAIRMAN proposed the " Queen," " the Prince and Princess of Wales, and the Royal Family," and the " Governor,'' which were received in a very enthusiastic and loyal manner. Mr T 8 AIoitT proposed the " P irhanient of New South W ales" in a few appropriate remarks the Hen JOHN HAIN responded It was the third occasion during the past three weeks on which the same duty had devolved upon him and he confessed he was beginning to got a little tired of such a duty On each of these ( cc stone he had had to deplore the loss of a member or that branch of the Legislature over which he had the honour to preside and if this sort of thing went on much longer the whole of the Legislative Council of New South Wales would have emigrated to England (Cheers and laughter ) it gave him an additional pang to the present occasion to part with Mr Watt, for he was part- ing with out of the most valued members of the Legislative Cornell (Cheers) He had anticipated better thing-, from that gentleman when he accepted a seat in the Legislative Carnell Ho uld only say he hoped sincerely that their guest would corn return to us to resume his duties in the Less lative Council-(cheeis)-for he was sure there was no o i g n in the colony better fitted to fill the position he held in the Parliament of the country than Mr. A att (Cheers I also H n JOHS 1 oBr-UTsfS (Colonial Secretary and Premier) also reby ended to the toast After speak ng of the large amount of time which the members of the Parliament spent in the public interests the hon gentleman proceeded to remark that the Legislative Assembly was what the people had in ate it. He had every confidence that the in cutions of the members of that branch of the P irl.ametit in which he held a coat were good, and believed that the result of their labours would tend to the benefit of the people (Cheers ). But the ore cut company had not assembled to talk about the Park nue it. They had met to do honour to their mend Mr Avail He had Hiawatha hon John B Watt ever since he used to be call d Johnny AAatt-(laughtei)-whan he was a youngster, and ernie cut to Mr (J¡lehnst, the father of the present farm of Gilchrist, Watt and Company, and tion he (Air Robertson) was a youngster himself Throughout his career, Mr Witt had been conspicuous as being a man of probity and higucnaractei, and he had been a credit to the mercantile people of Sydney (Cheers) year since he had been here, Mr AA all had held as high a position as a merchant as any man either he o or elsewhere had ever held (Cheers ) And nothing could be more easily as to that ¡,tnütiuaim friends than to see the chair this evening there li lend, Jar John Campbell, the representative of the oldest firm in. Australasia doing honour to Mr As att H he was not mistaken the house of Campbell and Company was established in WS, nearly so years ago and we now had the old st living representative of that ii m pre" doing over this les ive gath hung in con close u he could only reiterate that the proposal of the toast had sad, in the s ing their guest! a prosperous voyage to the old country animatedly return (Cheers ) The Cn HMAS en mine to pr pose the toast of the evening, was-, received with loud apples c He said that he rose to propose the most important is it He really did not li! e to six much that he ml 11 over the r ghost on the present occasion, because they til knew that li the by had mind many a car run up and (Laughter ) He hoped on this of casion his h 11 friend would not suffer from this their famous i give the had known for many years died ed he remembered a time when he lived at his lack door (Laughter ) But they saw now that his fr end had come to the front (Chters)-and shown what that a man could do dishonesty and bustle s like integrity It was a great hit surface to a man to possess these business like qualities, which was put sessed by so feel Ed he thought of it did w ell to hold such a with ing as the present to compliment them in and, before he left for home The "rest belonged to that part of Great Britain called Scotland. where the people were well known for their homes 3 habits, and then ah lily to accumulate wealth He trusted tea then he went home he would ever ma ataxia his interest in New South Wales, and that he would gun exercises that would be for the advantage of this colony when he went at it) it their guest hire the honour to nature of AA 1st if it ed not been for his great namesake they would never have had the Btea a communication with New South W ales He did not kn JW whether their friends was in any way connected with the invention of the steam engine, but he thought it must be s , as he was one of those who had tal on up the matter of s d 11 communication in this part of the world He trusted that having done so his firm would bring the steam -01 v 100 to as itself actory a c near ion as Watt had brought the steam engine at h time He proposed the toast ' Our guest The" toast was drunk with enthusiastic cheers, the company s aging, "For he is a jolly good fellow. Mr. WATT, who was received with cheers, said he spoke the simple truth when he said that he could not find words adequately to express his gratitude for their kind manifestation towards him that evening. He felt that that manifestation was enhanced by its being conveyed to him through the medium of the oldest merchant in Sydney "(cheers)-ihe oldest merchant in the Australian colonies (cheers) one whom he had known since his first commencement in business as the senior managing partner of, he thought, the oldest firm in Australia-a firm of which the colony might well be proud, as a firm that was synonymous with truth itself, with upright and honest dealings. He felt that it was no small honour to have a man of such a stamp presiding on such an occasion as that He was deeply conscious, too, that this manifestation was due in an infinitely area or degree to their generous and kindly feeling than to his deser to. (No, no.) In respond- ing to a toast like this, one's language must Favour some, what of egotism. They would excuse him if he said a little of himself. It was thirty-four years since he first entered 1 on business life. He entered as a boy in the counting house, which he was now leaving for a time. As a boy he had no love for mercantile line, and if left to himself he would probably have chosen another occupation. He might probably have chosen a professional life, with the idea of becoming a politician, or possibly aspiring to the position of a statesman, for he knew of no nobler pursuit than that in which one would most be able to advance the country in which his lot was cast, and unselfishly promote its interests. He hoped that the rising young men of the country would feel it to be their duty to exert their ability in Parliament in promoting the welfare of the country which had conferred so many benefits on them. Hitherto they had been well served in the Parliament by men who had devoted their time and sacrificed their personal convenience to the cause of the country and let it be said to the honour of colonial politicians he never knew a man who went out of office i richer than when he j entered. But returning to his own experience as he had said when he entered upon a merchant's life he had no , love for it. But his primary object in entering any occupy'.- a tion was to gain a livelihood and to provide for his future; and a most favourable opportunity presented itself to him. He entered a counting-house with the most singular advantages. His employer, who was also his relative, and whose name still stood as the senior member of the firm--(cheers)-was a man of singular ability in the conduct of his business, honourable in all his dealings, and just and generous with whomsoever he had to do. And he taught him by example to be diligent in business, and upright and straightforward in every transaction. (Cheers.) And when the right time came he was indebted to him for the opportunity and the helping hand that enabled him to attain his present degree of success, which he never could have hoped to attain by any exertion of his own. He could recollect many who had started in life gifted with at least as much ability as he and willing to work quite as hard, and jot for the want of opportunity and a helping hand, had continued in subordinate positions. Their business called upon them to think deeply, to act promptly, and to speak little A wine man had said that " speech was silver, and silence golden, ' and merchants were ure r> (pod mines of the relative rank of the precious meals (I daughter ) And though as he his said he did not enter upon thereabouts life for the love of as he had no occasion to regret having gone into it 11 tossing back on his career he could say now that a mer hant s life-par ticularly one engaged in the import and export business required a great cultivation of the intellectual faculties and a wide knowledge of the circumstances of the different countries of the world and it was one that combines a sphere of usefulness as large as that of any other He had hardly launched into a mercantile life when he looked about him to see what were his prospects and how he should advance them and he came to the conclusion that Darwin 8 theory of the survival of the fittest was as applicable to the development of everyday life as to development in a theological sense And he found that it required all the ability and aptitude he possessed to hold his own, much loss to advance himself And any man engaged in business pursuits would find that he had little time to devote to anything else, and he must esteem himself fortunate if he was able to snatch an hour in posting himself up in the literature of the day, and he had to be content in taking a very unostentatious part in the politics of his countrymen, and he had learned also that success in business was sometimes attained by means which did not command the respect of the community in which they lived (Cheers ) And he had learned, too, that no man of ability and hardworking could certainly ensure success, because in the mercantile word in the colony they were exposed to those vicissitudes which in a short time might shatter the labours of a lifetime, and by no fault of the person himself (Cheers ) No man who had seen fifty summers, as he had done, but had had painful personal experiences of this He thought he might say that during the last twenty years there had been no phase of mercantile enterprise, and he felt he must candidly confess no phase of mercantile folly, in which he had not taken part (Laughter ) He thought the man who could boast of some success in business, had reason to be thankful Very few men could stand up and say that to their own exertion and anxiety they were indebted for success If they candidly asked themselves how they succeeded, they would answer that favourable opportunity came in their way, what a helping hand was lent them to tide them over a cris s He would recall to his mind some in this community who had suffered from want of that, and who were entitled to our sympathy "with regard to the progress of the co! my he ventured to say that its progress during the next half century would 'far exceed the progress of the past New South Wales was only beginning to be appreciated and understood, that: its resources were adequate to sustain millions was a truth only beginning to be known We were in telegraphic communication with all parts of the world, we had the means or speedy transit with all parts of the world When the opening of the cable which connected us with the rest of the world was laid, he was presumptuous enough to say that after getting accustomed totelegt relic communication, and the cable got interrupted, we should feel as if the sun had gone down at noonday Hex ventured to say that everyone one who was in the habit of looking over the newspapers from day to day for telegraphic information from the outside world, felt disappointment when that news did not appear, and, to insure against disappointment, we must have a second telegraphic cable (Cheers ) Since he first entered into business, a great change had come over it During the early days nearly all business operations were conducted by mercantile men The tendency now was to bring the producer and consumer more closely together, and dispense with the profits of middle men the operations formerly conducted by J Richards were now conducted by banking institutions They were protected from loss by a limited liability, which was denied to the individual merchant HitWto they had conducted the business with rare ability and prudence, and, so far, with advantage to the community But he thought it might be found that the concentration of interests was not altogether to the advantage of the colony, and that those interests might be better served if the business a operations were distributed in the Hands of a great number of merchants who would be responsible to the last shilling they poses ed for the ability and prudence with which they managed their business transactions (Cheers ). It only remained for him to thank the company in the kindest manner for the honour they had conferred upon him They had laid him under deep and lasting obligations, almost too heavy for him to bear He had no intent on of leaving the colony for over (Cheers) He hoped to return before very long, for although it was the land of his adoption, he had spent far more years in it than he had spent in the land of his bird li It was the land in which his children had been born, and it was a land in which he hoped to spend his declining years He hoped he should return river from the trammels of business than heretofore and that he should then be able to devote a larger portion of his time to public matters than he had huerta done, and thus, so far as his poor ability enabled him to render some retained the country which had done so much for him (Continued cheering ) Mr. HENRY PARKER 3 proposed "The Commercial In- the rest of New South vVaks Why the duty of proposing this tee st had devolved upon him he did not know but he asked their sudden e whilst he endeavoured to discharge it as best he might He had heard that there were pers as who professed to discredit the value of the commercial classes of free countries, and who told us that in comparison to the producers and manufacturers they were of little value No rational man could d in the ability of the producing classes note could deny the value of the manufacturers But the experience of the world had shown us that they would be in a comparative state of barbarism were it not for the men who opened markets in every corner of the world (Cheers) The men who carried on the various operations embraced in the one grand word ' commerce, ' were, after all ment he, when solLshlv seeking their own objects, were pel I hips union ciously carrying a series of civilisa- ion and closer intercourse with the families of the world wherever they went If, in the mother country they were to seek for one c. use more than another that had given grandeur and strength and stab her and commanding influence to the nation, it would be free commerce (Cheers ) lar forces d in the last century, what were now ' great seats of manufactur- s were mere villages I seventy years ago, the population of Liverpool was less than büüOO, now it was close upon btO 000 Seventy years ago the population of glasgow to as little over 80,000 | now the city and suburbs numbered at least three-quarters if a million of soils And what enchantment had convened the e struggling to us in a single steamer into the purse but unrivalled c ties of commerce which had no peers thiuUjphuuc the world but the enterprise, invention, and I labour which constant of the commerce of old England And looking, d won the r jib of heroes and illustrious worthies, had ever had in the history of England any more worthy than the old merchant not normal times J And, with all humility, he thought if we took a glance back at the history of the colony, we should and such men as the Campbells, the representative of which great house was now in the chair and the Waters, and Howes, and Gilchrist of a four or dairymen who were not I unworthy to be compared to the D eat merchants of the ' old country And it seemed to him a fortunate page in the history of this colony, that we had in the dark and et ii days as they were called, when the colony had to pass through I SUV re mils, men of such undoubted intelligence, honour, and capacity who carried on commerce in this infant settle i ment (Cheers ). He remembered well, when, some five and thirty year ago, he had just arrived in the colony, the ventilated and venerable head of the great house of , Campbell and Company, the worthy and honoured parent of the honoured citizen who filled the chair that night And it seemed to him that this occasion was almost hallowed 1 by having the oldest and most respected of the mercantile class in the cb or, doing honour to one who was about to leave us (Cheers) They were now assembled son a spot which in two or three generations hence would in all probability be the very centre of one of the grandest cities in the world And if we were true to our doctrines, if we worked out faithfully the resources which this country possessed, and if we acted upon the dictates of common sense, we must be great, we must be glorious, as now indeed we were prosperous and free And so long as represented the true British spirit, and clung to the truths of the land from which we were sprung, we need a fear nothing, for we should not be behind other countries of the civilized world He had much pleasure in asking the company to drink to the toast which he had the honour to propose (Cheers; The Hon. ALEXANDER STUART said that, in responding to the toast of the Commercial Interests of New South Wales," he felt that man assembly of that kind he was standing on sure ground He knew that they were all interested, directly or indirectly, in the commercial prosperity of New South Wales It seemed unnecessary that he should add anything to what had been said so eloquently on this subject by the gentleman who proposed this toast, but one thing he would say, that the commercial interests of the colony owed their great success, as it appeared to him, to that principle which first and last had characterised it thatprmcipTo which was necessary for us continuance-that principle which was essential to the stand this country had I taken he meant the principle of free trade and , in WAS no small pleasure to see at that table one whom they might indeed all the father of free trade (Cheers ). He alluded to their respect d friend Sir Edward Deas-lhomeon-(chners)_ who many years ago, before many of them knew the hat free t ado was, laid for us, on a firm and secure be is the principle which ought to guide this colony It might have been from ncce sity, at one time or another, that three p samples had been to some extent departed from the con- firmed success of this great country would he in proportion to the Faithfulness to which they adhered to this p incipk and it was peculiarly gratifying to him that they were met that day to do honour to one who assisted to maintain that principle He had known their guest for a quarrel or a century, and the r early friendship had been cemented year by year He remembered well how his friend was imbued tv ich this principle of free trade, madhouse had endeavoured to imbue others with the same prin isle In the name of the commerce of this country, he thanked them most sincerely for the honour with which they had received the toast The Hon. W B DAILXS proposed the next toast " Mrs. Wyatt, and the ladies of the colony in a humour- ous speech the real significance of this entertainment would not be so fully appreciated even by their guest as by one who would read the whole of these particulars in to-morrow morning s paper Mr WATT returned thanks on behalf of Mrs. Watt and the ladies The toast of " The Press" having been proposed, Dr GatEs, in responding, said it was one of the pleasant duties of the Press to be present at reunions such as the present, It was very pleasant to have to recognise the fact that in a young community like ours, we MOSAIC ed men of the mental, moral, and mercantile worth of their guest this evening. It was equally pleasant to reindeer fact that such ments did not remain on record el, said that on the eyes of a temporary departure 6 i urge to d so unfit ntial an apse Slape had met to wish him bod spp d, a pleasant voyage, and a speedy return. (Ch ers ) The President of the Legislative Council seemed to deprecate the absence of his-, worthy friend from his seat in the Council, with the utmost submission to the opinion of so wise a man, had ventured on this respect to say it was well that their friend should go for he would return a wiser and a wiser man, and he had promised this evening to devote his to get knowledge and riper experience to the best of his ability in the service of this country. (Cheers ). He advised him not to grudge the absence for a few months or for a few years of any member from his seat in the Legislature, for in the long run they would gain more than they would lose So far from deprecating the temporary absence of influential colonists in his humble judgment it would be a very fortunate thing if every ten years a tour of the world was made by our leading merchants, our leading manufacturers, our having agriculturists, our leading engi- neer!, our leading politicians (hear, hear-and last, but not least, our leading editors. (Cheers.) The Hon JOHN HAY proposed the toast of "The Chairman He thought it was peculiarly appropriate that this dinner, given to one of Sydney's most eminent merchants, should be presided over by one of the most honourable and oldest merchants The name of Campbell had been held in esteem throughout the colony, and they knew their chairman, as all his family had been, was the soul of honour, the model of charity, and in every respect a citizen whom we must delight to honour (Cheers ) The Cn HUMAN replied, and the company dispersed. 