[?] A VERY WDMAK.* BY M. F. O'Mxiwn. VOLUME III. Chapter VIII. Thyself thou gara't, thy own worth then not kuowing, Or me, to whom tuou gav'at, else mistaking ; So thy great gift, upon misprision growing, Comes home again, on better judgment making; Thus have I had thee as a dream doth flatter ; In sleep a king ; but waking, no such matter. SlIAKSPKAItS. Ifc was a lovely afternoon at the end of April. room in the little seaside cottage, breathing tho fragrance of tho spring, and watching tho spark ling blue sea, and the sunlight glistening on the distant sails and foam-cre3ls. But her thoughts were not with tho soft blue heaven and the floating clouds, the tender a;roon of the budding trees, the lark singing and soaring in tho ether, the thrushes and blackbird's piping aud whistling in the garden, the flashing, silver- winged gu Us, or the gay, distant voices of the children on the beach ; she could think of nothing but a dreaded moment that wa3 before her. That afternoon Harry wa3 coming down, and she could no longer delay to tell him the whole plain truth, that she did not love him as a woman should love her husband, that sho would never be his wife. . On that terrible night of mad love and jealousy, when a lightning flash had shown her how wrong and mistaken had boen her notion of solf-sacrifice, or rather the notion Vivian had im posed on her, Angela had firmly decided to con fess to Hairy the honest truth, and beg him to release her from her engagement, But then had come her illness, and for week3 she had lain be tween life and death, nearly tho whole time in the raving of delirium, or the stupor of uncon sciousness, in her few conscious moments, weak, holnless. forgetful of all but present physical pain. Then, gradually, life had ebbed back, her mind had unclouded, and she had found Harry watching beside her, tender as a moth or with a aick baby, full of joy at her safety. It seemed impossible to plunge a knife into his heart at such a tirao. And yet, every day that sho left him in ignorance would make the awakening more cruel. Sereral times she tried to approach the sub ject, but she was s- very weak, a curious buzzing would come into her ears, her heart would beat violently, and either headache and fever, or deadly faintness would force her to relinquish tho attempt. So ill did tho very thought of what it would be to tell him make her that the doctors soon found out that she wa3 always much worao after having seen her betrothed, and begged him not to talk to her, to stay with her only for a few minule3 at a timo,v and not to soek tete-a-tete conversations til! Angela was really getting well. Harry was rather hurt, for during the time of Angela's danger, aud for tho first few day3 aftor her consciousness had returned, ho had been ac customed to bo with her a great deal, his nursing powers had been found to be of value, and aho had seemed to liko to have him near her. Ho tried to think, aa Mr. Willoughby suggested, that it was becanso Angola cared for his Eocioty too much that it had tho oflfect of exciting her ; but his own inmost heart, and old Lady Troherno'a raven warning, spoko in tuo negative. Still ho could not really fear. Slio wa3 his own -como ?Published by.ei-;ciat arrangement with the author AH righto reserved. back to him from tho very gates of death, Sho eeomci moro than over his own, now that ho had wrcstlod with tho dread Angol for hor, and still had hor safe. Aftor thoso terriblo nights when ho had watched .her dying, a3 ho thought, after thoso hour.? of agonising hopa in which ho had waited in her room, not oven able to approach her pillow, for Gerard would allow no unnecessary attendance, but just ready to go on any little message, do any trifling service, and at least hear from minuto to minute that the slender thread of Hfo was yet ?uubrokon, after all that bewildering succession of anxiety, fear, despair, and hope, his love for her seomed to have grown into new strength and fashion. Ho loved her as Martha and Mary might hare loved Lazarus, come back to them from the Shadowland. Yes, of course sho wa3 hia own ; he wa3 a fool to doubt and fear, and ho mint bs very patient, very tender, not even with tho softest breath blow on that slendor taper light, lest it should leave him in darkness. Therefore, though ho brought Angela floweM every day, and spent much time with hor at different interval, he wa3 careful to avoid long conversations, and to mako some excuse to leave her if evor he saw her look ing agitated. So it happened that Angela had gone away to sea, and still Harry remained in ignorance of what sho had to tell him. She and Frank had been at Freshwater for three weeks now, and, though Angela was con valescent, she did not gain strength at all rapidly. Tho droatl of her secret preyed on h8r mind, and, too, the old pain and longing for Vivian had come back stronger than ever. She would sit propped up with pillow3 by her window, and gaze at the foamcre3t3 far out at sea, and feel as if somehow her soul were there, tossing about on tho billows. Or sometimes, in the quiet evening3, sho would sco a little boat, gently rocking up and down on the wave3, in the light of the rosy sky and the opal sea. and a pas sionate longing would fill her that she could just step into that boat with him, and sail away, away, into eternity. Once or twice she had tried to writ9 to Harry, but she si ill felt too weak, and besides, she could tell him more tenderly than she could write. ?Painful, terrible though it would be to speak, she mint at least do all she could to soften the blow. At last tho time had come when it must be given. Harry had written to say he was coming down to see her, and every minute she was ex pecting him. There was a strong, firm tread scrunching tho gravel of the little garden path, then a man'3 foot on tho stairs, and then the door opened, and Captain Vane entered. ' Angela was -fitting in a large arm-chair by the window, supported by pillow3. She wore a white, floating wrapper ; on a little table near her were some grapes, and a basket of wild spring Uowers. Her thin, pale, soft, beautiful face and great dark eyes seemed strangely spiritual, and there was, in her languid attitude, and in all her presence, a mixture of the touching helplessness of a child, and the dignity of a woman. 'JMy poor pet !' said Captain Vane, after lib first greeting, ' you look very ill ; I hoped to have found you bettor.' 'Oh, I am much better,' said Angela, with a faint smile, ' I am enjoying tlm delicious air and lovely view.' You have no idea what it b after having been ill.' Harry scarcely listened to her words, he was so much distressed to see how flush and pallor rapidly succeeded each other on the girl's cheek, and her slender transparent fingsrs twined them selves nervously together. There was something distressed too in her face. Perhaps that expres sion vaguely alarmed him, perhaps he only hoped to chase it by words of love, but after a little ho began to talk, about the time of their marriage. Angela turned pale as the whits wave crests. ' Don't Hairy,' she said in a hoarse, broken tone. '?' Don't what, my darling ?' said Harry ; ' don't speak of our marriage ? We are going to be married soon, very soon, I hope. You aro go iDg to be my wife. You are, Angela.? What do you mean ?' Angela was speechless, something had risen in her throat and choked her, but there was a look iu her eye3 which gave Harry a sudden terror. ' What do you mean ?' he said ; 'you do love rue? don't you love me? O ray God ! is it pos« sible ? Speak, speak, don't you love me ? ' Angela gasped, and -seemed almo3t as though* bbe were fainting. In a minute Harry was kneeling beside her. 'There, there,' he said, tenderly, 'my pot, don't bother yourself; yon do love me, doii'tyou? I know you do ; never mind me ; I snow you love me a little.' There was still a tone of pleading question in his voice. Augola gathered all her strength. 'Harry, sho said, ' I must tell you, I have been very wrong not to toll you before, I don't lore you as you would wi3h mo to. You wouldn't marry me if you could see my heart.' Harry's sunburnt cheek was ahno3t as pale as her own. ' I have thought a3 much, at time3,' he said, in a low voico, wherein emotion seemed kept down by force. ' I have thought 03 much.. You don't love me.' -'O Harry, forgive me, forgivo mo !' said An gela, big tear3 rolling down her cheeks. 'I do lovoyou vory, very dearly, but not,— not, — not,' she said, in a broken, suffocated voico, ' not aa a wife should love her husband.' ?'Not as you lovo some other man. I suppose you mean,' said Hany, in tho same low, hard voico. ' Do you love any one else ? ' .' Yes,' whispered Angela. ' And you mean to throw mo over and marry him ?M ' No, I shall never marry him, there 13 a great deep gulf between us, but I can't marry any ono else, I love him.' A terrible storm shook Harry. On ono sido were jealousy, auger, and passiou, — but then how could he bo wrolh with this fragile, helpless child, and now was tho timoto show tho truth of bis lovo. Generosity and unselfish tenderness conquorodu After a minute's sileuco, ho eaid — ' Will God blera you, I aru not worthy of your vo ; bo bo it ! You aro right to choaao some one moro fit for you.' 'O Harry !' said Angela, passionately, ' it is not that ! You aro far bottor than I am ; it Li that I can't help loving him, I ought to havo told you long ago. O Harry, forgivo mo !'' 'I havo nothing to forgivo,' ho replied, with a touching dignity. ' I only want and pray that you may be happy.' 'That I shall never be,' said Angela; ' I shall never marry any ono,— probably never see him again,— but I could not be your wife. I shall never — nover' — -her voice again suffocated, she foltJihcr Iip3 grow white, tho floor seemed to riso up under her, tho sound of tho soa was in her ear3, she stretched out hor hands in a vague help lessness, and thon fell back in her chair. She had fainted dead away. Harry lifted hor in his arms and carried hor to bod calling loudly for assistance. Frank and Nurse were soon thore, and he went downstai-3 to the dr.t wing-room. Ho felt stunned. At first he could thiuk of littlo but this fainting fit of Angela's. Sho was some time in coming round, and he wont up again and stood at the bedroom door, and finally walked offandgotthe doctor. That wa3 doing some thing and thought wa3 suspended. But, on his return, he hoard that Angola had recovered, and relieved from that anxiety he went out and down to the sen. There were the chalk cliffs, tho glit tering, distant sails, the wheeling gulls, the boat3 drawn up on the beach, the nets spread out to dry, the smell of tar, the odor of the sea-breeze, the gay and inuocent laughing and shouting voices of children — fishermen's ragged urchins, or children of higher degree, dabbling with baro feet in the salt water or building castles of sand. He, too, had built his castle of sand, and the waves had come up and washed it awny. Me chanically he watched tho children at their play, and listened to thesad murmur of thesea, as the waves of the rising tide broke on the beach. Tho sea is like a great cup filled with all the salt teara of Humanity, all voices of sorrow, sighing, and pain are mingled in its sound, Evening camo on. He heard the children say it was ' time to go home.' Ho had no home now, no home for his heart at least — that had been broken off rudely from its anchor hold. He had no one now to belong to him, for whom he cared more than for all the world beside, on whom ho could spend all his love and devotion. He was quite alone. He had no place to turn to, no hope and duty, his lifo seemed uprooted. What 3hould he do now at this moment ? He had no longer any right to go to her, tend her ; he was noclosertohernowthananordinaryfriend; why should he go back to the cottage at all No, he would send a message to Frank, and go straight off up to town by the next train. It would bo easier to bear his trouble amidst the noise and confusion of men, and in some states of mind London seera3 like the vortex of a whirl pool towards which one i3 inovitably sucked. Back to the great Bablyon tharefore went poor Harry, and there let U3 leave him. Chapter IX. Consider well, the voice replied, Bis face that two hours since lm died : Wilt thott find passion, pain, or pride ? Bis palms are folded on his brta3t, There is no other tiling expressed But long disquist merged in rest. Tenwysox A3 when two men have loved a woman well. D. 6. RossKTn. It was now the mouth of Angust, and Angela, quite strong and well again, wa3 abroad with Mr. and Mrs. Bosanquet. Harry wa3 living down hi3 disappointment, and, to tell the truth, wa3 somewhat sur prised that it did not weigh upon him more heavily. Not that his heart did not often ache, but it was more from the void left in it by the loss of his own love than the longing for Angela herself. He had loved her dearly, but she was not part of his life and soul, and therefore ab sence, and his own determination not to think of her, holped him much to conquer his trouble, and to render Angela's irnnge dim and indistinct in his mind. It was very different with Vivian. Ever since the spring he had, been cruising about the Mediterranean, travelling in Sicily and Greece, and spending his time shootiug, sketching, sail ing the yacht, writing poetry, and — thinking about Augela. AH his endeavors to forget her seemed absolutely useless, for in these beautiful scenes, and away from tho cares and distractions of everyday life, the thought of her wa3 con stantly with him, he longed for bar at times with a passionate intensity that wrung his heart, and life without her seomed to be a hideous desert. He had wished to be alone for a littlo in tho peace of Nature, to lose, if possible, the sense of his own identity, — and above all to avoid hearing of his brother's marriage, which must of courso have taken place by this tiiuo. Ho had therefore shunned civilisation, had consorted entirely with fishermen and peasants, and had given no ad. dres3 where letters could reach him, aud thus had heard nothing of all that had taken place since he had left England. One day, however, some trifling circumstance made it necessary for him to go to Palermo, and while in the hotel there, as he was turning over the leaves of Oaliyiiaui, he wa3 terribly shocked by the following paragraph :— ' We regret to state that Sir Richard Vane, Bart., of St. Michael's Court, Dovoa, 13 dauger ously ill, and is not expected to recover.' Tho blood seemed to rush from Vivian's heart. Ho had seen little of Im father for many years, aud seemed to havo nothing iu common with him ; but it is only when sickness and danger attack our near relations that wo can gauge tho real affection wo have for thorn, in spite of tho want of sympathy that may have alienated them from ns. A muttered exclamation of wrath broke from his lips at his own 'selfish folly,' as he called it, in having put himsolf out of tho way of com munications from home, and a great rush of ten derness flooded all his recollections of his father. Ho reproached himself bitterly for paat disagree ments which, seou now by this soft halo of memory, sacmed to have been principally his own fault, and scene.1; of h'n childhood crowded upon im miud, when ho, a curly-headed littlo fellow, uiod to- rido by Sir Ricbard'ssiilo ovor the- stubble, or rouud tho Homo Farm. His father had been proud and fond onongh then o£ hi3 little heir ; why had ho not known hovr to keep that affection ? In his present mood Vivian was ready to tako all tho blame of tha estrangement, and longed with heart-aick in tensity for tho opportunity of making all very different. If only he were not too lato ! While all theso feelings wero torturing big warm heart, his brain was mechanically calcula ting times and routes, and, aftor a little study of 'Bradshaw,' he telegraphed to his mother that he would be in England on a particular date, lha quickest lime in which he could accomplish tha journey. Then a curious and painful wonder cro33od hia mind. Should he meet Angela as Harry'swifo ? It seemed too horrible, too ridiculous to bo possible, and yet there was every probability that ho might do 30. The marriage must havo taken placo by this time, and Harry would, no doubt, be at St. Michael's with his wife. Poor Vivian ! ho had not very pleasant subjects for thought during his long railway journey. Fivo days of rapid travel brought him to Deop-pool, tho nearest station to St. Michael's Court, and descending from the train, he received a grave welcome from tho station-master, which told him only too plainly what news he had to expect. ? 'How are you, Wallington?' eaitl Vivian.' ' What news from St. Michael's T' ' Haven't you heard, sir V Vivian shook his head. ' Sir Richard died yeiterday morning.' ' Then I'm too late !' said Vivian, turning abruptly away and walking a few steps down tho platform. Too lato ! not only to make up for the faults of the past, but. even for a word of kindness and forgiveness from his father's lips. As with tho instinct of an Englishman he wa3 trying to choke down his emotion, ho heard tha station-master direct a porter to 'take Sir Vivian's luggage to the pony cart,' and tho titlo made him realise with a deeper shock that all was over. He had twelve miles to drive to St. Michael's, and a lovely drive it was. Vivian wa3 not much in the mood to think of scenery, yet he could not help noting the freshness, variety, and peaco fulness of the landscape, and, several times ca he passed well-known spots, bis heart leaped up with the delight of tho wanderer coming home. Every turn though reminded him more of his boyhood and father, and when he spoke at last (he had only silently acknowledged the old groom's greeting), it was to ask for particulars of Sir Richard's illness and death. ' Of course, ' Captain Vane is at home,' ho said, after he had learnt the details. ' Oh yes, sir, he's been at the Court more thaa Iu weeks.' ' Is he,— is ho married V 'Married? oh no, sir,' aaid the groom with an accent of utter amazement. ' I haven't heard any news, you see, Grovos, but what I saw in the paper.' ' Lord bless you, no, sir, the Captain ain't married. He told mo to tell you ho would hava met you, sir, but my lady do33n't like him to leavo her.:- ' Very well,' and Vivian relapsed into silonca and his own sad thoughts. The road was a very hilly one, up and down, past quaint farmhouses with over-hanging eaves, nestled in among orchards, where the rod, green, and golden apples shone through tho leaves. Past villages, where the cottages with their thatched roofs and latticed windows stood at all kinds of angles to the street, each one with its porch covered with myrtle and clematis, and its littlo garden gay with hydrangeas, fuchsias, sweet williams, and hollyhocks. Post fields of yollow corn where the reapers were busy ; past the dark woods out of which the young pheasants ran across tho road ; down into deep lanes, the hedge3 one tangled mass of honeysuckle, bramble, and tho bindweed with its graceful trailers and pure whito flowers. Then up over a bit of moorland, gor geous with the purple aud yellow of heather and gorse, down on the other side, leaving St. Michael's village nestled in among the hills to tho right, the road turned up a steep incline, and there was the park paling and the lodge gate of St. Michael's Court. The yellow afternoon sunbeams were flickering on the soft turf of the park, and tho groups of magnificent trees beneath which stood cattle and graceful deer. The road went down with anothor dip, and then, turning a corner, you camo full in view of the Court standing up above you, a fiuo castellated buildiug of grey stone, with, in front, an Italian garden, brilliant with scarlet gerani ums, descending in terraces to tho park, and tip tibovo behind, wood3 reaching .up tho hill, and surmounted by tho great purple shouldor of Exmoor. Captain Vane met his brother at the door, and - tho two men silently graspsd each other's hand.} with a strong clinging pressure. ' Thank God, you'vo come !' said Harry, aftor a minute ; ' I scarcely thought you could be hcra so soon.' ' But I'm too late,' replied Vivian, tho tears starting.to his eyes ; ' I never thought not to sea my father again !' ' Ho wasn't conscious for the last few days, but ho spoke of you. before and sent his lovo to you.' Vivian again turned and walked a few steps away, then in a broken voice he askod, ' How is my mother ?' ' Oh, in an awful stato. She can neither eat nor sleep. I daresay you will be ablo to soothe her. She has been longing so for you to come.' ' Go up to her, Hany, and tell her I am horo.' I will follow you in a minuta when she is pre pared to see me.' Vivian waited at tho door of Lady Vano's darkened room while hia brothor wont in to announce lib arrival, thon he softly entorcd, and mother and son woro loft alono with their grief. Vivian had always been his mothor's favorite son, and the burst of tears with which sho wal* corned him was moro natural and soothing than any form yet taken by hor trouble. Beforo tha evening was over ho had, by a mix* ture of gcntlo coaxing and authority, made- hot oat some of tho dinnor ho took up to hor with hia own hand3 ; ho had opened the window and lot tho soit breath of tho Augiut ovoning into thfl dose, dark room, and had pointed oat tlie ex quiaito beauty of tbo sunset sky as ho softly re peated the two last chapters of the Itovolation of St. John, and finally, ho succeeded in persuading Ler to go to bed, sitting besido her, and holding her hands in his, until uttor exhaustion aud the ' eootbing comfort of his presenco iuade her fall asleep. Tho two brothero dined together, but 3poko little during their meal, and tbo name of Angela ?was not once mentioned between them, though Vivian was longing to hear its v , Aftorwarda Vivian went into the chapel, where, according to the family custom, Sir Richard's body was lyiag. The twilight had gathered by tbis timo, and tho chapel was dark, savo for tho tall wax tapers burning round tho coflin. Vivian . stood for a long timo gazing at tho palo sot face with ita aharpenod features. Hover again would that face soften in kindness to him, never again would that cold heart fcol one throb, and his own waa surging with such a tempest of emotions. ' Forgivo mo, father— forgive me, father !' ho said aloud to the still form that neither an Bwercd nor heard ; then, with a sudden impulse, he throw himself down on tho stono iloor, and prayed with a paasionato sob for strength, and light, and faith, vowing within himself to do bis best in tho xeaponsibloposition that was now his. Then rising, ho kissed his father's cold lips and hand, and went oat an tho terraco of the Italian garden. Harry was pacing up and down there smoking his cigar, and the brothers sat dor/n on a seat at one end of tho long paved walk, and remained in silence for some minutes. The full harvest moon was rising from behind the dark distant woods, and her light shouo with asoft yellow glow. All along tho low stono wall of the terrace stood marble vasea of hydrangeas and orange trees, alternating with statues and fountains. Down below in tho valley might bo Been tho lights of tho village, and tho winding river shining in tho moonlight like a silver ribbon. Vivian drew a long deep breath ; the peace and beauty seemed to be sinking into his heart. 'Ato you very tired?' asked Harry. ' A little ; I've been travelling so fast, you see. Harry, when is the Squire coming down ?' ' To-morrow.' ' How are they all at Crofton ?' ' Very well, I believe.' ''When are you going to bo married ?'' Ak last Vivian bad approached the question which had been trembling on his lips all tho evening. ' What 5' said Harry, taking the cigar from between his lips aud turning toward? his brother, ' Don't you ? ? No— of course you don't. When am I going to be married J Never J' ''What !'fiaid Vivi.in. in his turn. 'What do joa mean ? Never 2' ' Well, I mean that I have no prospects of the kind at present,' answered Hairy, with a Buort^ hard, laugh, 'What do you mean V said Vivian again, in a boareCj cLok-ed voice. ' Onlj thit I've received my conge,' said Harry, in the samo defiant tone; 'I'm a free man, at anybody's service. That' a the way with ?women ; they squeeEO your heart dry like an orange, and then throw it away. Curse ! — uQ — God bless her ! She was quite right ; 3he didn't love me, and she told me so.' Vivian felt stunned ; he caught hold of his brother's arm as if for support, everything seemed going round, 'Do you mean the engagement ia broken SffT1 belaid, in a strange voice. ' Whv '£' 'Becaase she did not love mo, and sho does love some other man,' said Harry. Possessed by some sudden impulse which was the child of instinct not reflection, Vivian rose suddenly from his seat, and stamling before hia brother, said, ' I had better tell you tho truth. She loves mo, and I love her !'* There was a minute's silonce, broken only by the deep breath of the two men and tho tinkling plash of a fountain. Tho scene was intensely peaceful in that pure silver moonlight. The cpray of the fountain sparkled like diamonds, tho Btatues gleamed white and cold ; tho scout of the orange blossoms was heavy in tho air ; a bat wheeled noiselessly round Vivian's head; tho tiees looked dark and still as though cast in Ironzo. But tho two human hearts wero throb bing with pasaionato unrest. Harry was tho first to speak. '?' So you were tho one to tako her from mo ':' ho Eaid, in a low voice. 'It is as bitter to me as it is to you,' said Vivian passionately. 'Harry, if it would give jou tho Blightest satisfaction to shoot me, I'm perfectly ready.' ?4 daresay !' said Harry, with a grim laugh, *' that would mend matters, wooldn't it? May 1 nek, was it deliberately that you won from me tho love ol the only girl I ever ^ared for 5' Viviaa did not answer ; of what uso wa3 it to defend himself from the bitter imputation? Ko might as well tako his punishment now, as ho had' . tJono bis floggings when ho was a schoolboy, , stoutly and in silenco. Perhaps Harry was a littlo softened by tho look : oi .the white sot face, he spoko presently in rather a different tono. 'I think jou might as well have told mo this before, Do you supposo I wanted to many p woman who was in Iovo with another man? She* was perfectly right to break off tho engagement ; it's only a pity she did.not doso at once.' ' It is, ' said Vivian in short, choked sentences ; ' but, it was all my fault,— I thought sho might forget in timo,— I put on the poor child a burden which almost killod her.— I was wrong.— You fihonld have been told tho truth at once.' j, He could scarcely apeak, his heart was yearn ing towardo hia brother. ' And you lovo her 2' said Harry. ' Yes, I lovo her,' he answered, impetuously, 'Whom God has joined — Harry, she is mine — give her to mo 1' ''She's not nuuo to givo,' said Harry, with another hard laugb. ' I can't imitate tho gener osity with which you gavo her to xno. After yon had von her lovo, why, in Qod'a name, hadn't 5©n the nonesty to tell mo so J''' ?*?*?- waa wrong,' repeated Vivian ; ' Harry, ?wgro aofc* tiaft, audio* att,', There was a silenco. ' Harry,' said T&lvian;, ' my own brother, if yon knew what 1 have suffered, what a hell my life has been' ? Ho stopped short. Hot/ could he express all that was silont in his heart — tho bitter misery that ho hod felt at having been tho ono to atab his brother — tho frutilesB struggles ho had mado? Ho felt such a coward at oven hinting at his own pain to tho man who had lost her, and yet could ho say nothing to win his brother's forgivenoss ? 'Well, we won't speak of that,' ho began again, ' I deserved it all.' Meantimo a crowd of conflicting feelings were surging in Harry'8 breast. For tho moment jealousy and anger had revived tho pain of hia love for Angela ; and yet, unconsciously to him self, it waa a vory different feeling to that of even two months ago. Absenco and all other circnin stanccs of timo aro powerless to affect lovo in its highest and truest sense, Lovo strikoa ono hour— I.ovo ! tnoso never loved Who dream that they loved once. But thia does not apply to tho thousand mix tures of passion, affection, and gratified vanity, which wo also call lovo, and which tho test of absenco chllla and alters ; and, too, Harry's lovo for Angola had recoived a mortal blow on tho day sho had told him sho loved another man. Be sides, his tender heart wan touched by tho misery ho read in his brother's face, and heard in the tones of his voice. Angela had never really loved him, why should ho grudge her love to Vivian ? And, after all, thb was his brother, who had always been so dear to him, and now, when tho dead body of their father lay in tho house near by, whon a hundred awakened memories of child hood and boyhood had been drawing his heart to Vivian cvon closer than of old, tho brotherly affection seemed a stronger and more living pas sion than the ghost of his dead love. 'I am not going to quarrel with you, Vivian,' ho said, 'for tho sake of any woman. She didn't lovo me, and she told me so. All right that wan my affair ! You lovo her— that is yours !' VIVK UiVuO JWMf *??***» J ? UU1W ¥ *T*i*tij *u MM excited tone. A rush of passionate affection for his brother seemed to fill his heart. The broad bright moon hung in the purple sky, and all tho landscape was bathed in hor intense white light. The whole air and earth seemed full ef love and peace, and tho brothers, who had appeared on the verge of such a terrible disunion, were closer and dearer to each other than when they had knelt as tiny children at their mother's kneo. 