TKAUEUy IN i'LlxijiJUS-LANIi. (l'lonithc ilrllaiumr Aram.) A snorKixa tr.ig«dy was enacted in Flinders-lane on the 17th December. A man named John Makiwilz, stated to In o native of DauUic, nud about fnily-fivo yo;irs otil. who if. is R:\H at one limn kept the Umpire Huti'l in If otiiam, but lin'l JallerJy lici'ii pjiiploypi) in some cn|--nnty at Si. Onorgn's ' Hull, nml was in vi'ry gtrailisticil circnnistnncps, was married two yenrs ago to a yoiniR woman, but thry did lint live happily logpllicr. The . woman, who is rather good looliing, slnt.es that lie wn- very jpuIoiih of her and ill- trcntrd Iht booh alter inarringa and subsrr|i|pntly. 'J'licy lived togtlhpr, however, till about a week ago, when t!i» Wdiiinn rni tinny from him and took a lu.usci at l.t.'i I.itllo Flind-T8-slrcct nitst, not fur from tlio diitoctivc-offipp. It appears from what follnns that tlio woman pav« Mm rauco for jralunsy, mid Hint biWing --r-r (his he enmo to tlio determination In hill himself in Iht presence, in ordor that she might pvrr after be Imuntpd by the horror of his death. On Friday morn ing lie went !-- his irifo'« hnuao ami got a sovereign from her for tlio purpose as he snid of taking out of pawn a grcnt coat and aome - shirts preparatory to going up the country tvilh a hitwker, but in nwility it npprars f.»r Slio piirpose of buying a pistol and ammunition with which to kill himself. Tlio woman was vrry much frightened liy his nidunor then. About six o'clock in tlio evening id rnf.iirnnil nml IninrlrAil nl Ilto ^nnt* and was let in by a liltlo boy, who nfier oponiug Ihc door went, 'ml the back nay. The man walked into tlio bedroom whoro his wife was, and looked at her in si;ch n terrible iimmnr that elm crouched against the bed and implorod his mercy. II ? struck hrr, nnd then showpd apiKt^il, and pointing out (hat he hud twisti'd round his finger a lock of tlio woman's hair, pushed her suddenly backward upon tlio bed. She ncivamml, and nl tbo same instant felt Romolhing like a puff of wind pass over her 1ht.i1, a loud explosion, and fainted. On recovering sh« saw tbe man lying dend across the bed in a pool of blood, and his brains scaltcrod over the bed nnd floor. She gave on alarm, nnd Conslablo Slattory being fotched by a boy went to the placo. He found the man Ijiugon liii back on tbe floor in a pool of blood, the left sido of his head boing blown awjy and bis brains scntterod about. The sight wns a horrible one. The man seemed lo linro fired th« pitto) into liis mouth. His left cyo, tho left side of his face nnd head, nnd all the inside, of llm head wero blown away, and the bulk of the brain was lying in a lump in the centre of the bad. JSesida his ItTHtnml waB a small siuglo-barrellcd pistol, nud near his right hand was n lqlt«r. Tho wifo of the deccaaed, Alico Makiwitz, said that tho man tried In shoot her first, but from l!io contents of the letter it does not appear that ho hod any in tention of killing her, but that he suc ceeded in doing exactly what he wished, namely, shooting himself over tho woman's living body. Tlio woman paid the man's name was Mnnkovich, but the nimc was epcll by the police ns given above. Below is given a copy of (ho letter as near at cuuld be published. The writing w»« rrry tltuVy but toler ably distinct, and the errors in grammar and spelling were much less than might havo been expected, considering that the writer was a foreigner. It contains allusions to )iis wife's immoral relations with men whose namas arq not givon ueiow i or ouvious reasons, oano ol me context also has been omiltod, being hardly fit for publication. It will bo observed lltnt the writer refers to Hia day of his wedding and his burial, no doubt alluding lo tho fact that yesterday was the anniversary of his wedding-day. The reference to the detective force ap parently alludes to tbe fact that tbe woman lived n«ar tlio detective-ofiico. The letter rnnB thus: — 'December 17, 1875\. — I write this in my proper seunes, and I intended to kill myself to-day. My wifo left rae lust week through the interference of the following women and men : —[The next sentence is incoherent] Prostitution is the best carried on, most successful carried on, under the very nose of tbe police, » the detective force is an example. ? ? ? I don't sign my name. It will be found out sion enough. I have no money, and I iu tonded to blow my brains out over ray wife's living carcae (?), that e!i« always may remember my (?) in that boaatiful life ehe and her companions are leading, nnd may the conrso(?) of God be on hore(?), that she shall havo the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost he shall haunt her and drive her to mndncss, and the worst I wish We (?) [The remainder was written bo tu.it it cquia not, ue Known which portion r«fld first.] I got £1 from my wife and ? ? ? * I paid 4b. for a pistol in Olkeland'e. I return the rost t» her after paying for powder and sliott. I see her at my wedding day nnd my byrrial(f-). I wisb to be hurried (!) willi the lock of hair on my finger ?????! ieave my lodgings now 10 a.m. to go and see my cursed wife to get some money— tbe first and last to buy x pistol, nnd to re turn to ber, take ner in my arms, and scatter my brains over her cursed carcas. Amen. N.B.— My wife's name was Alice Duckley, and you will find from her, her brother is an old policeman, and living I believe in Dandenong, Oakleigh, Ferotrce Gaily, or Sale '[Gippsland) at present I beliove. J. M. M. married Uecomber ] 7, 1873; died by his own band December 17, 1875; order for o gravestone.' £5 Bales.— Numbers o'fMeBsre.Riley Brothers' j£5 bales of drapery and cloth ing' find tlieir wny to the homesteads of Manoro, and it is rare indeed that yon 6teD into one of the booking offices witb ont seeing one of those gentlemen's bales. Electoral Rom.. — The following members of the Police Force were ap pointed to collect electors' nnmes :— Cooms— Sonlor-ContUUe I)iTi««niI ContUtilr Ooff RCTmuur«nrtKuin1™-S-uio,-Cgil. table Walsh Mioatieo-Seuur-CuniUMa CatroU and CoaiUble 