OPENING 00 '1111 THE DInNER " : ", TIlE public dinner~ which formedr perhaps the most conspicuous.lnert of the d?s.yceo-I reiinies took l'acdIit theo 0C?'irth??i~ ,l the evening of Wadriedasd. lasit', 'ti 2Oltt inlstant, It was arranged to dcoifience at half ,past six butit was delayed till a little! after' seven .o'cloc k. :The, tables wcere ar ranged down Ieach side and acro'ss one (the north)'end of .thie building,,forining three sides of a qu'adrangle and anullicient to noe conmmeodato about sixty. poross. ' They weret set with Oxqliisite tasto, and decora tod not only with floweors, but with orna montal and' variegated pliuits u iioti, frone Nir: Bullen's consevtorvyr 1Piesentintg an imposing, and pleasing sight,' and calling forsth the admniratilerof. !ali,:.The ulimimetr, us, a' whole, was: supplied' jointlyrby Mr, Adani,' of' thea Stoenm Paolet lidtol,"nlh? MrsJackson, thefornerprovidilgtheowlsu' spirits,: oe,,' which wore' abiandalnt, Wilde Mr, Adams's nam'ia ooniicti'on therewith is a suffieidentgua;amteoo of tho quality?v'he' latter, deservedly regarded :as .the'locatl Comepagnoni,, provided'.' time : ittables,' of which thelre wore five or six. courses',and the ,dossort, onm a scale and I' a. stylbe thai iveral of tlihe Sydaosy"viitora idmitted they had li6vor sean surphtassedl in the use tropolis i. and, excellent as tlhe spread wasi we blieivo we are corroot in saying it sulfroed, by the iostponenint,.sisoe ohoice vinds which were i~rola? ? wa v pro.. viously, v,ors:pub .to okh. b'?.Ibos bodI!uso ' of thli6dUigil'rlabl'li "d6ii?' bEn~bi tjiiit 'on the storiiywoanther; ~T)lnMayor ofKiamna oou-o lied the'oht l' tli~boel hid'alS'tMlrtary, the iton: J: 1oburtson, audi the.Attorhey-Go. Inoral, the 'Hun, \W, B. Dalley, on his right ; and on lis left theMlitstor for W'Vorks the HIon. John Lackey, and B, Panlmor, ] ,qi the Mlyero'f Sydnuy,/) Tlhe vic-ohair was occupied by S. hliarllsEein,' finhbor for, tim' di triot, .ylth l?ubert ilhni r q,( J;P, on llelt o The, other, gemmtleloe 'presOnt wdr6 r 'Maclitosh; Wll,, 'lv,"Olmi-u r.n, ML.'/A. Mr ;MIrlrtyi; Engineer for tIarbours and River i , Mr Davies, supere toendent oftlmep,! a?!' r ir , Vrl I l r, J, Bibb, of the WoieRs dertinnt assr, Payno, Ptr ioI,H o lo''l;", P.,, J olly, J, 1Jechil?'lt, .J ;l~'Reltoia, .VI .umiWu?'n llhv; TIE, ,hLCesanDor1 , 1 iatt ...... %, . ,c n 8, - , ,,,. , , . , . , - Inmolrntu, ',~ ~lqKg %?dr, , ,h oi C ;lt,}1 :IPi;olrlo'rdli~i 'L? Otll ;'uiM?l ]?, Elobsoe) W: oulter.W , C. Kin, James Kinlg, ohi [(n,': ~D'JBoxsoll, ,i, Honey, M, Glhy, S, Mmnjor, J, Conway, J, Groy, W, Gordeon, W. Oroy,,?yJ;Ellottj' J., 1Jlanrahm, A. Ompbhl .0l, I. I titsone J. Woston, ro. porter M, "ll. 7Iehlc, roporter Alwven.in1 u~rdbs; 3/ahd :'evoerail Yther , 'tohtloemei, whosoenmone woe fedled !to Jeunrn A t. to reelist 'of, thmoohlhmmann,'r . blellsllng. wl5l ?d by'rlimWiV; , l row,, ..u'., After Ithe dinn'r whlich occuqiod a little nmore titn an ahotr, tlhe uUal Ioynl toent', " The Queen," " The Prince of Wales and royal ftilily," rora prdiiosod bIy the chlirr. mani, uand responded to heartily, "The Governor, Sir ltercultes lthbittotn," was 'propotel by thie viecltairmanI itn a cottpli Inentary speech, referring with 1plhar'e to ait recclt ,cofrrepolldeu'e. btweoell the Governor rand Mr. Fairflec, it whtiechl the formkck, dihclaiitmed any complicity or silm pInthy with theo. quostionable conconttints of thie turf. 'uThe hl.irmnau proposed "The Ministry." He helioeved thep iresentadministrition 'ln? ieqltL to Iany the colony ever hal. The ton. J. Ilobertson, the jireett Prmnemier, had, ,luring a longi politiictl ciareir, leone ivellfi,"the, h olony, in whoso hisitory hia tname woull ever live, especiaily in cotnnee-h tion wii the lt ind latws. .e halld r buch piled?ur, in ainnouncing tlhat thet toast would bie repotded to by thie Premie, and the Attourev-General.. . Mr. Iobertsoni who wae received with 'cleers, said he rose, as hlie itmagined moitt imteU it his piositionk would:rise, who. had been ratic?dived'with 'such Itindly feelings, antd spoken of in such flatterini terims. In these days of hard words they did not often meet :with much'flattery oi.commetndation ;: ont the pontt'ary, they came in for .but l caut shatre of fair play. After a o ng cc: rear i paublic life, it was very gratifying t6 be received in'this distribt with' suli ft.l ings of kitindness. If he had not Isucceeded in.doing muchgood, he had everdone'his bet fdr thie well-beilg of the celolnyJ; and 1he did riot 'thliink his grc~t'est detracto' wiouldt charge him with swervifg from the course he thought right and meost condu cive to the interests of the country'(clheers). lie struggled to get the harbour for the district loim before he saiw it, and mtore recently rtmade an effort to get a railway for it, though ii head no more interest in the place tian he had for .every other district n the colony. -le wasn glad to find that lie basin, which'had that day bien' named ifter him, hld, under the snparintandenci' :of his friend, Mr. Moriarty, been brotiight. to such a satisfactory conclusion : yet he 'otuldliot but regret the absehce of Mlr,. trliahrlanild, to whdni, as MIinistea"r'fdr \Works during the progress of excavation, hothoughlt some recognition We due. M 1any, mainistries had been ili 'oflice during thd progress of the works. It couldnot there. tore be said to be. the work of: any one mi. nistry, "'Tihoe district,: too, lied during the timo been repiesented by.edid;al gelitlemen, who had each iUsed their iifluence in ob. taining the neoibssary grants: first, IMr., \larks; theno Mr, Grtray, and i ithout doubt Mr. Parkes did all he could.to fu'. tlir' the work. He thdughi thes'e'gentlemon aitt d1ntitled to soti recognitioni. It 'was a .li'oetite ?toanrout the old ones first; but hi hadf n'i?esit'o to be worn outi:nor did he intend,umakiung al loug speech.: '.hankiag them for the taniner in whlichl the toast had tideii rdeeiv'bd, heo hould leave the reply to his eloquent friendtd and colloeague, Mr, DUilley (chekr' i)' 'Mr. Dalley was' re ceivcd willt ooers, and said i he thnultked 'tifo 'ehlirinau rnd other gentlemen fdor thbir liopittility, nnd tor the kind mannor ii whis h lb to tonst of 'tl'he Ministry" had been reyeied . .No cercmony could be' ntooe filing than the openiua of' a hanrbour of itl'u'o to politi cians who had boon' seailibg tr months on the sa aof a stdrmy $ession.. ,io:had read works on demuonology'andwitoherft, &c;,., but till now had.nuover..soon Kianma (lrughtor), Now that he had soon it hes wits satisfied it was haunted ground, and lii place ofa.lchantment, hbpunted by the spirit of beauty,andechanutifg'by its'nitural love liness (alcoeri); not ut iall in hai'iudny willt that old Fonian ghost whisch vai. raised hero and sent forth on itsepolitical mission. Mr, Dalloy her mihdo some6 lnuasing allii sions' 'toi iries, aithd 'a idotattion from a Gelman ploet was received with ibheers, Coutiuuing, he saiid Ihondst politibianu' woi'b scarcely iun charmony with such cihtural beautyi but ghostly politioiaus,:who sow dissension and socutarian jealousy,.wero in tolorable, "He would now ondeavour to show that the-Ministry had some claim to the coyeideration, and confidence of the pooplo.' 'At the close 'of. the ~iarliamoitary session ftlih?f w'eo'abl'to sady'thoy liad ac eoanplishcd. pev.r l terl mgtors tting the healnth 'of the flio'' iol'olis;i~ hiA was of vital importance ,.to the colony at h\rgo, Itr if disoesi' provailcd i thbo lr?jddchtredst ?f:Plihiltid, ilttio iiih~il ilg distriots would not eccape. They had pii'o passed'ants'foi"'tle' bh'tter regnultion et soal mninestho storgd i'ft gunpowvdor, 'restricting and roguhlatin t sale of psoi stpqf roviding grott itc ~ities for.oom. iltig' the 'great blivdrls' of fliothe cony, and the cxtensioibfrailwnys, It wie muctli t bb:rgro tt th(1 at 'hio was:nbt in ia :ositil ntocongi?tulate' tis 'dittriot (n ri'lway: 'xtension to it,. Thia would hiavi beban the cnto had the :proposltipn of Mh'?Ministy,? ofvwhichl hewvnn i?a.t'mhlie, boocn arried ; but it wos dofetadby the Oplfositgon. fJ iibg tntim-ato.gn'4flir'jPrlia. mintiai'r; olJpositioa was a it iuecusaty thinge but hie thoughtthoyhatd' muet with sonio very unfair oppositlon, HeIa did not think it wnas iltking anlimpropar use of thnt op. .portupiqy,,to rofortoths siyingus nud,doiigs Sleli'dGi O,? h ppusitcn, e e sh'ou[W 1' so.ith "tliri~e Si.'rett for the trtinaceideont: ablhtics of "thltt' g'ntloini, aud Wvtli a fnir cbroavi? t wuhihit hi6'iirlie aitly e pnin tlt lousb's d hd? fit for thlio ]iigl pysitloisi ofei deodt,,le ppeibtlod In e?e'rdanciii wit liis utudi pi wlicw t te lcottin;~ ny l~ indidu' a spoop leclbti 1 , as d!i~s~rbudl1'b hims0elfwas above tha eogion r'f iihi"? al;.': , , lo?"lioro ..d, fb, i.. of party. PMe I~aly'e:bpic dta potsau'aur ofi' MriPhtlcs'r speeche tqo iti.u~uhoi'dl? ?'1i/dingisJta~t bhllii coundijoa,,dh, fid'? ~sioh of r jilinc oti'ft5 udeo ht ?bf ,'6iiib I hii , allcyot'oiictlftdsatststa ',i adJ ti~ c??bpUn, mont to be prepid, whioc, itii fow'f ti thitti had"ioti' bibforb btiin"iialhld publc, Wdivcld 'shlolv'thktkitlsfactoi''ritid iirokftb oits stat6 it6fl :th'iic count tt'rt tltb pllsbtil time, Hulrdid niot moeulani tofflirm tlttitlis unexatunplod prosporlty wasduo altogotlir. .to tho proson Governmunt, bhutiLt did sho .thltthto'delpnrtmoentsthatd b?stvwnll adtlmiJ nistarcptand hadl not buounii't'rdcd during ithiir taonta ofuollicao,,l ' ?l oash balhuaeoiil ithoe' baitksc totho orodllt 6ftho, Qovornlmntt ]idinreroesud £if6,J734;b the ,oiah baiJ lano .it IAthlaoredtlit' ofth o6nisolidated rvetnus Aftunhd'had.incrcicecd j'.£0' though the nditltitoial demand onttftleu the oustona ontri'lbutod d tplatn httrioi'lr.ri ,,? ri ,2.?illways, £011 taolc reovenueo of the di'enty(r,~vi ;',hrstll holttr, bo(l ] tor.?t]o ]lh'fi?, ojght mon ths £s,081,00 ?of 7?7,0O elo tlihtlln for i, oR ll~ l?rihin as insh~nl ent and balances; the bal:ances still 'dio by conditional pIurch'Csi~rs 'was £6,400.000. Fronm the l th November,! 1875, to 4thiApril, 1870, u; miles of railway. had been opened for trallie; making the total inumber now in use -4;4 miles: 'rand it is expected that lefotie the end ol the year there will be 85i miles more opened. 'i'It live stjck, o thlecaluny oi aist March last was---horses 357,0,19t, cattle 3li-t4, 180' sheep 21,38,Ci30; shliowiilg eir increase during the year of-harses 11,005,. caLttle. 277,887, sheep 1,5)00,04i. Il the New Snuth Wales Savings uank the increase for.-1875 was 818 depositors and- £1tl,'89, thle totld beiing 'i2t,J40t dcpositai's, with 1l,27b ,i02 to tleir Icredit o: tcerl?dot BSavings Bank, iicrease, i5t'3 depositors atnd' £b50,tiut; total;'lo ,7'! depositors, with t£354.,07.l, to,. tlheir, credit. In .187,tlhere wert-'~ ? -olilces in thle colon3, nid' the eeti .s travelled by conlvoyances and pl i?cnes, 1,80i,417, beinig ai increase *ve .1874 of': 71 offtices aud o205,10 miles, nendi tlle incoease of 'let. letters cnrried was 2,57,800UU; newspapers, 418,400; packlets, 8,700. Inu 1875i the number.o' Ie'clegraph stations wpro 187; 8012\. miles pofpenend J9,145 telegrams dispatched; w hioli was an increase orer the prerious year of 2 stations, 563 miles; and 140,419 tolegramhs. Tlis sime kidti of, ?ta' tistical informaiion was given ii referiroeoo to the imports and exporti gengral tiiking business and municipal councils ef the colony ;.Id Mr. Dalley coicltdud,je "Yb serviLng tt, this was intlforaupion thea 'vo'ry citizen h? a rgligt to liknow: it dislosed ii uaprecedented. prosprilty ;, itndthougli the ministry did not ussume thist this prosper ous state of tliiungs was entirely dusto thelm; though they werso Fncp of ordinary quality, possesslg no transcindent genius, yet they hlad 'not .rotarded it' by. neglect of duty. They were bold in their country's atause, abhorred mystery and 'shams, and stobd by theirrpolioy, Poessing .thoese qualities, and alargo amount of public tand parlia mintary 'cnflondence t'loy wore icotntnt to leave tlioisolves' to the geneorosity of the peoptle (ceeors) . ' heoirl ament o'f NOew South Wilesa" was proposos by the chairman, who said he believed in rbsponsiblo goveorinmcnt: hd the people's vioewsboing carried out by repro. sentation i Plarliament,. under a liberal coristituiton" Tihere Wcrs 'some members ol Parliament present who took independent oesitions in the Asseombly, and they (IMr. Ilacintosh and Mr. Camoron) would' roes pond, )i ' . Air, Majntosh, rising, said, though lhe ;had.'ssiad'if the houseo, he was moreo of a commercial mn ithtiu a polittliau. loi had given the Ministry ti ddonsistant support, but he opposud thorm whow he thought them wrong. fo did ribt voti for the 'Illawarra Railway, simply; booeaus.it was a hastily surveyed and impraotiioablo line. No line with the curves and gradients of ithe pro. poscd llpewarra line could be worked ,to profit;, find Il defied any obie to: Ihi'f'hb contrary by ann" 'prdieddntiiti hlio' 'orld' No doubt at better route wiltt' less egiineer. itig diflliculties would be found; and then ho iwould give the 'sdiidie' his 'heaorty support. Heo did not say {his. simply to please the Ipesplo .of .Kiae ,... - iu was: satisfied that' in ino part 'of the 'colony was there, to' be 'fobuid 'so much mainoril and other wualth in'so small_ t roa as ie lls'awara, and a railway s.jijt ht ilespest aud best modetl of convoytlug it o\uktrlet., lan 'regird to the pieaent' Gove?ornmht 'the Ihad no articular fault to flied with them. le oought Io fniyour at their haunds and tspporl, dl~hdir.tdt?sures iv heonI atiproved of theuitlhOft' th.Premier personally, lhe had a high oliinioi, antd considered hiin"the best 'man' fo, the, position, in 1Now 8outh Wales.; '.Hbe tahkod the omounlitoo for the inv'iiiiion, "Hi": eaoulld sot forgot the sooes of- that day, and the beauty and wealth of Kiuma uwas not stirpassed by any heoI hIad oeoer aboe'. ,I.r,' Oaloteron ,responding to n~ dheop tory call, rose and selid that, as a member of the prsbi't Pai'liament lie co'tdtot but thank the gentleiton prcsent for-tlio',hoarty manner in.awlioh; the 1'arliamost ofiNow South.s?l s alle beI n received. le took it has i'lidalely eviddence of thie soundness of tlise State that men equal even to the prodl'itl iaiont:o oulh be li'uild willidq to undoeitake 'to imujbortalint diSty of 'logisli?. tioT"obr' iht: coloiy ; hind:if ill aea ' rcpresentaVtv :'ofi thd i6"plo :'to instititeo similies that woivild brii tkpoPular!'·'fdis'aJ ration,into eoutomptp, In hisuopition, the presiacnrt*1'arhiqiont tont?miaein tmun.iew re presented 'etoi'y"pliih'o da phbli t?obeglit cud opinion, as much as aun-provious parliat. munt. Unhko.hia hou, fril'nd,(Mrlr Maeiii. tosh) he voted ibr:thbe Illdivarra i'ailway (cheers), bsotutse,;so I'arvas:hg was'itble tQ jiudge,.,tt ttfould be ' bnofl irt ito the dstrict,' bIt 'mopie cspeoially :to thoe. dlony at huirgb'o noddfs only regret vas thit it was burktod throiigli theo ihilucnce of certain men who wUere interested in a eoetra shtomoe. Men votsd' ci that question tgainst ,:ho it~tqrosts of: Sths. dijtp;t .eta ,_htilri ow"jud;gtent, ajd ho oouid' o ut regret they hhctiot '?iiii tffbIUU'ffi'i t??th orror of tihoir walys (cheers)., Tbvhie.attoplirmstt'ih 'gaelPt~eed;Appro. prciat Slieuelfsrooposed"'Tlitt'y, navy, iadl,voluutcars, , I iu. I o SMr,'lthydtd, an'hid na'lbtiteer, reepetoli. dod in unitablpIttrmse for the, avy'S'and D,, L',dihoak,,.Jq,, vaptatit \ itos Jainberb0' i~ roluitors, tio. ieaupled'b what might be alled; ' ,aoQQnd viceuohair, re.' spoudod on behalf of thIe volunteores, observing that asbthet"hief ofiloor, Major Slack, waeeeilyu ocsupics ,hmt prosiding over that'" mouingb h responded with pleasure, 'tAs the commander' inouhto f of ?tltu .yamboroo ,. nrmy?_- lIB" ,poke wvithi H:smej.allttorltj;, ni d ?a? t·::idltihrd to.put the Promir and~,, M D Dallyon tlteolr detencl itc dhsK;oll6ihwvlitlcd?dooo of bodu';ilt Ytl?Sitilgdd ql? lu8nidt and itbornl measuro was very much needed Thle volunteers 't'btil'hot makel briolteks ?vithout rntuWhtstI.koe~pa o.thotemtiinprg tko the hint, rwas o Ipttriotitp;uthiqtly uatlU T 9 infm tiDion'or tlih 'df'iieco ofur liqrtts i totmomao IZt onlieted the sympaty of all, ant by wise . egibhloti.li dshl ?f?tdt flibdtli6r idllay be lPlitlod on a proper lootintg, A ood deal--ho thought too itutoh-hait ] cn asdhljniroi'ob?$tr ri' tl.Lhtth,'l!l. l~'octlqt sys teatt; but Shih ittdedoit,.o fur us Steo vohti. tours woro,oogegnrode of thle orders going oup anldirohlieni ?.arg?r ioundmle:his no oritorion of.lb ~theatul?.vd!hqt@ltJlo aountt,? tt iihhotl ]lid:tais0" 1iietinJth i idt,9i6U the colotty, ly his,4Lid Ltwe, .an0iddt was to bo ltolut['lI ,,biouInalhoi. tlltil0ttl o simlar ptllnm mous~tvo voltf ~ ~tnt991,.,Aolb t m ur J~h~t!Odlli?? Ehii [dt ',P5dpossdil5Otur hjttiilcpal Inil lp?.'?n d the ovent of the diy thy'6bS I IdhHi thfSie busin, ,ass onei ot whlth we coutld rutasmosibly colt. gm'tutatt orseuluvs,. 'lhio worlk Ihad been us li tithld ui'ddi" gt'nr , ibid ijfsAinlotloti \yl bol was now sti neomplish,,d fat, a li hi'/k61€0dfoVetrd tok,'th .1dati h It'"h Ibiol an?Vl'oYbuoi att ditil lt, . Jid'drodt00 ll'Mli'dfoturtht in deep we on antll UUnOe n I'Oly IiurtauI, HtulHitutdllyV uu11 toalfl, ?0,?ejl, , ttttllol0U strong to i'?sis the great force of Wiater. was a work of thO griatest inmportase, re quiring great eaincrin ng ahility, constant praietlical suJrrvision, land iudomitailb energy. The work had bees under ithe renirail smanlgemelt of the Ministeirs of Vorkhs, and uinder them miore immedii ltely so under the superiuntendanceo of Mr. Moriarty; bult th practical skill and alnergy on dlicih the sicL'eCsH of'the o'.k idepaideil wse supllihd by his lanmeuted friend, tlso late Mr. William Atiderson (Upilnahuse),-a name whichl will ever be intimately aIssocia ted witi the Kianna Iharbour-worka, iand remtembered wiithl esteemrn andl kindly 'iel. ings by the peoplo of Kiamin, (al plauee). Ilaning taken this opportunity of paiying a pnssiig tribute to the meimcry of Mh,. Anderson, Iho now cname to thel'suf.nct.of the tqast, There could e tlil o fouft that. the' funds at the-di'd losali bof'thbi i drious cobuncils wero insullicent. for the work to 'ho done, sad required suppIlementing to make municipal institutions successful: Theo %o'ii',tmeft Oiiideatlg' ,.?\ rd ?dl': this, fuee, recently- rerbih'tin a bill to ]oiid th0a 'money on easy forms....but that, in his opinion, wasanot the:kitid"offaid that was wanted. It'night'b bd bsy toi' oforow and spend'theb roney .ih 'disbful iilllilI works, but irepnyinuont would he the difilioufty: and with so n o houucl?'?"?lip revenue waos Gihblf rap~idnht0iinn v'or ?iv old efi?sue, The Sydnoybb':ndil,' foi'idla? i,?hd p not. rbpay 'n shi linhg of the o'f"?y ' lafrii' l 'bor rowed' frbom'the"GoCs ernhan? /and io qoune tioned if thl,!iyver' itdod 'd'e'o' , If the Goerur'nment were foolish enpugi to leIbl n'ouib,' 'tob,' sfio birb'~i find? cout l try tiinicipalities, 'hle would' ah':ss 'tieim to follbwot the example of Sydni ?: and hevor pay it back. For his on. pai't ho would rathbr sob the Goviornmenit take hirs'b of the' mai 'roade tliihrough tSlinieipalities. The mattir was an impoibrtlnt one, amd"r'ie quireid th c?reill orb liuidor?tiona of .tiie Miniitiry aniid members of .Pmsiamiitt,' 'Mr. l'ahnid'r. Mayor''f' o yiyney, 'rsin5, said'hoe almost shrank' fron 'te t responsibi-' lity; of riisponding to toast,;ata ihust; howdibr,' assuro.?his friend Mr, 'ol.y?'lat the;'Sy dno~ lctiibii: had i d0eidt ofi rpudia tion. 'Tath'e' filhioip'a| godb'i sloi, 'tha soloiiy woero in'"elitloulteoi.'?was be ond doubt, and it was nt.iishdy to tsks the bull b:l'lle' liorns bn'd dovisb some equitable meanebf t iliefl' For want of .funds to meet eu'r'rnhtj, ipsnso,; h Lhpd; as, the mayordi of 8Ydieiy,bn on oc qasiou, to 'dui. oehrgt ii bnst'd'f the oarporetiOn'labdtrror,. .' ntaok' Wiiuli' to hini stas pii'iji'initli, sx tireio, ibolving, sit idid,' niueh deprliri. tion and misery td a 'mulbeir of poor famil lies I but he was ploatib'd :to 'stato: that, whenevor such difloultios'a'ros~, his friend tho Colonial Beere tuary, wias over roady to afl6id"thlei teimp~prary. relief.' Mr. Dy mockl al?pearodl iilaius fdr'tho itnmtdiato. p'iasiligof i volnitifooir' llj iit he would. Inuah plsof'r' a corporaioul bill irst, He Ithotiht it a'se'most iioceid, not only for ;Ibydnby l blt ftfr thu whlible lointy'y. ,V. ll?,itti ]Esq. , ' 1.i, proposed the "'agricultural,' 'cosmmrdfiil, and bmineral inlereoste of Kitinta, It wae thirty. four years ago tfhiit he lifist 'get fdot ob tho virgin soil of iamis Sin iu that timo it ihad, in an agricultural sens, ,improved iumooniely, The giiat' forests hiad failua bedneath thie stroka of tlhe axe, and the rich ubil yielded ii 'arger amount'of prodauo than' any sBimilar area in tlio colony. Its: ommoereo, wilth whiciho he iasi not quiie so well acquaist?d, liiid io doibt koit paceuo, with' tho iggrieiltiLre,. '.I'e how'ever,, re-o gaIrded' Kianii' tii.eill ini' iubryo, for whon' the development of its coil ldposits brought hlirgero popttil'tjdd, its wbalti udimpora taoe would' Uo ,'inorased' nanifll. .. ..r "Mr, J, ftiinrahsai'rcaponid to'thlao'rl.' ciltural intoertit, afllrsmfttk that it r'as th-o most impo?rtant of all; it was itho bsis of all succuss, beaonuse the produeoo of the soil was necessary' to oun oxistie o."b ' Ha was nmuih 'surlprised on riading of a gotillomtn sa3 ing that the distriut could not prodluceo naytlitig no, evoen a cabbago (ug.htoer), fat they inw'd that' was Is libbl, aid he could ussure, that gentleman that he hiid Iknown three crops of potatoes grown in one year off thq same piece of uround, also 250 besliels of, rwheat off' 6 atrts:of latndu! a sd it o bbas, hl had hi6tbi' tihoem' 'gi'o ''"01be . so'eiht,' Last y ear 'as ni oxdoptk'Lofh?ban,'.,aisdlvbery li l? itv to 'ook 'pldd6 ;' hO'' 'ilth wiis not t 'f? theIo distriot,. RMi,'I,-an?s. hon ?~ l .bb direforenoe to tf odhe'.an, Lgq--in wlioh .griqturo.'dald'iot ??i. poatoeofo'oii e ' kdi.'iiki~rimob ,$ enastri''ibd livrihig blos'bt'hdlibtrwd d nable to inlluenee tto".Gdf'it i'ii' ? t''tlid g a wasrtof tho country'ias'lhbour. Oapiltiil' 'Vliarlo's "idspondod'' to' thb mining ' interasts? "db?rving' thii"t W' had n' it ierely "''oiiis, b.it' "inoun"i tnais :"of' coal "klid "i iow "'?that 'the hIarbour tsne'lhiiisdc:'iiithd'hbrov was''ii 'faii field forioaplita?lists, hohiopbd soi b' B oo' i trailnwsay fromln'the 'Btiiithiii tb',thdl'iiub''ur, We htdoiront ihu'lose iiitdxtiflty, whioihv wheh 'davoloja'd' . k'itit ni 'fsl i ltiini tely "b'o' .Wil" 'alnhO 'f k rbVhf"iho if untold 'woiulthl.'it ,~,hh' 'o l dt?'eo biifjor otd scan' pndtioul lifrbthith tbl oNdhJ1tit bo smolted; but, thso intfFs '?~ll'bihti6i regulate tlhonise!4bei'li biiu'btiPbotol'flds wloeh ioe bealJabi s oifra lviijn, i 1000 fbnti. datly~iiirei op~o¢,:: . ··';, , ."·' ?I a i.?; ,,,?~ ?,'II, ,,., u: ?[b' , wr?," King p'rbOd~bif" Tlia']C afllosiq and itwso r p'oldodt toby ?lla id a -1,tah hiot' a ls'hthtl Ito,,'b'sto s Th hrflly'rohpdqdod'te lby thil potiteloif 'thI' ''M.":?r :"1?hlmtsfsthdMat'd,?Iaybi df isydhiuss; ?l.6 iifelt dtly u fti lthlolbl idr)'ad f6 ty brik? U;tfbouh1t i k'oloeld,'t. "'; 'h 't 'b ,k tt'.? !:tll',i;rfl'.a[ tlrdt'6 Mijt~k,[ l?,lt ?,'fl !''l:i:'. 