Insolvency Examination. AN examination of witnesses in the insolvent estate of Messrs. J. and G. Harris, taken under an order of the Supreme Court, was commenced at the Police Court on Tuesday, before Mr. F. Rawlins, Police Magistrate. Mr. Hely, instructed by Mr. Maophenon, ap peared to examine the witnesses on behalf of the creditors* trustee (Mr. Charles DuncUey) ; Mr. Harding, instructed by Messrs. Lyons and Cham ban, appeared for the insolvent, George Harris; and Mr. Power, instructed by Mr. Wilson, fo Mr. John Edwards. William Henry Miskin, official trustee, the first witness called, produoed the schedule filed by Mr. George Harris on behalf of the firm, and oontaining a statement of its affairs, and also a schedule filed by the same person on behalf of himself. : George Harris, examined by Mr. Hblt, stated: Was a partner of the firm of John and George Harris; the partnership commenced by deed m 1868; had participated in the profits before that; did not put any actual capital into the business, but the deed of partnership of 1858 teto out a joint capital of £4000—£2000 each— and under that deed considered the firm was entitled to charge him (witness) interest on the £2000, if John Harris found the full amount; was not aware that he owed his brother anything when the partnership com menced; if he did, believed it was either charged to his (witness') account or written off at the time the partnership was entered upon ; it was arranged that Mr. John Harris was to proceed to London and act there as the agent of the firm here, sending out suoh goods as were from time to time ordered by witness, who, on behalf of the firm in Brisbane, was to remit to London money and produce to pay for them ; that arrangement continued to be carried out up to the date of the insolvency; was not aware that any business had been carried on in London on behalf of the firm; he (witness) had not received any statement from John Harris in London, showing particulars of business tran sacted by him on behalf of the firm, nor had he participated in any profit* which Mr. John Harris might have made in London, although the Utter had always charged the firm here with expenses in connection with the conduct of the London office ; he had also charged the firm here with commission on purchases, and also upon the sale of the various shipments of produce, whereby witness considered he admitted himself as agent; was not aware that the firm in Brisbane ever drew any drafts upon the firm of J. and G. Harris, London, nor that the bills of lading were ever made out to J. and G. Harris, London ; had never received from London any statement of accounts from J. and G. Harris up to the last account current, dated December 81,1875, which made J. and G.Harris,Brisbane, debtors to John Harris, London; considered the amount stated in that account to be more than the firm owed to Mr. John Harris, containing, as it did, many over-charges—amongst them a charge of £500 for Mr. John Harris' passage from London to Brisbane, and £150 for the passage of Mr. Charles Dunckley : on previous occasions John Harris charged only £88 for a similar purpose ; recog nised the document produced as purporting to be a purchase made by Messrs. J. and G. Harris, Great Winchester-street Buildings, from Messrs. BoDen and Tidswell ; had not seen that invoice before, and did not know that it had come out to the firm at Brisbane ; the bills of lading pro duoed were forms the firm had been in the habit of using in Brisbane; had used others ; the printing on the stamp read " Harris' line of London and Queensland packets, John and George Harris, merchants, shipping and insurance agents, Queensland and London ; London, 6 Great Win chester-street Buildings, Old Broad-street," and at the bottom, "Oeo. Slater and Co., Brisbane;" did not know for a fact that bills drawn in the name of J. and G. Harris had been accepted by the firm in London for many years past; of his own knowledge," witness knew nothing whatever about the manner in which John Harris, in Lon- don, gave bills; John Harris had told him (witness) that Mils of the firm were in existence in London, but had verbally declined, after having been written to on the Bubject, to give any information about the affairs of the business in writing ; had no knowledge whatever of any business being carried on in London by John Harris, as J. and G. Harris, for the benefit of the firm here ; the stamp on the bill-oMading was simply a matter of form, which was adopted by many other houses; William Wilson was once a partner of the firm, but could not say whether hia deed of partnership would show the firm to be of London and Brisbane*; had been informed by Mr. John Harris, when he arrived, here, that the London creditors had given two years' extended time ; had never received any information from any person in London in re ference to the reported stoppage or insolvency of the firm; had been in the habit of Bending home yearly balance-sheets, made up to the 30th June; the document produced [marked D] believed to be the one furnished in 1874; the balance-sheets were always prepared. by the accountant of the firm for the time being, and witness' instructions to each of those gentlemen on every occasion was to make up a correct, proper, and just account of the position of the firm, and he (witness) never went - beyond those instructions j believed ex hibit D, or a similar document, was handed to him by the accountant, and signed by him (wit* ness) ; believed that statement to be correct; did not check' the statements personally, but they were always handed to him as being cor rect ; as far as witness was aware, the balance sheet, according to the books, Bhowed the actual position of the firm at the time it was made up ; in making up a balance-sheet he thought it was the usual, as well as a fair and reasonable mode, to take all the assets at their book value or cost price; as far as he (witness) was aware, that was the mode followed in making up this balance- sheet, and that was the custom that had always been adopted by the firm; with regard to a more recent partner of the firm, Mr. George Walter, although the deed of partnership stated that he should bear a certain proportion of the losses of the business, none of those losses had been charged to the debit of Mr. Walter, but directly to John and George Harris, and this had been done by the late accountant of the firm, and representative of John Harris under power-of-attorney—Francis Chap man ; Mr. Cowlishaw some years ago valued the properties of the firm for the purposes of in surance, but this valuation was not supposed to include the land, wharf, or foundations of the buildings; that valuation was lower than the amounts put down in this balance-sheet; accord ing to the book, the amount of £17,555 10s. lid., Ipswich branch balance, In exhibit D, was due by the Ipswich branch to the Brisbane head office; it was very likely that the clerks who made up the schedule of the firm filed with Mr. Miskin had made a mistake in substituting £17,555 10s. lid. for £11,677 14s. 7d., which latter sum appears m the balance-sheet of 1874 ; the schedule filed by witness was made up by Mr. Sampard and Mr. Carter, who were at that time in the service of the official trustee, and he (witness) was not allowed any access to the boots or papers, nor permitted to go near the office ; was not aware that the item "produce, £42,468 2s. 7cL," in the statement of 1874, was in exoess by £25,000 ; in accordance with this balance-sheet, believed the assets "cotton,£B4s2 ss. 7d.," and "tin ore, £2711," to have been in existence; he thought, in a general balance sheet, where the principal portion of the assets consisted of merchandise, general produce, book debts, bills receivable, taken and admitted as they were by Mr. John Harris in his schedule, that they were good assets at their cost or book value, and that store properties, steamers, lighters, felhnongery, tannery, and boot factory were good assets at the value placed against them, as a " going concern," in full work ing order ; could not' say what the steamers or lighters would have realised at the time had they been placed in the market, but should have been glad to have given the firm a rental of 10 per cent, upon their value as per this statement, feeling confident that, with the influence of the firm he (witness) should have made a consider able sum of money out of them ; was not aware that taxes, interest, and cost of repairs were added yearly to the value of the properties, but if they had been.it would have been a correct charge ; believed his brother did object to the balance-sheet of 1874, and he (witness) disagreed with those objections ; Mr. John Harris made out statement* reducing the surplus of £90,646 first to £57,300 2s. 2d., then to £49,837 ss. Bd., and afterwards to £37,709 14s. 4d.; all these statements were in Mr. Edwards' handwriting; never agreed to the balance-sheet reducing the amount to £49,837 [Exhibit E.], nor did he (witness) sign it; Mr. John Harris gave hu instructions to Mr. Edwards in making up these balance-sheets, and insisted upon their being carried out; did not think that Mr. John Karris had ever told him (witness) that he had obtained extended credit on the strength of exhibit E; did not know anything about an amount of £32,000, said to be a portion of Mr. John Harris' wife's trust money further than what he (witness) had heard from common report, and from reading evidence that had already been given ; his im pression was that his brother had never referred to it in his letters ; knew nothing about the firm's bills in London, or how they had been paid ; thought Mr. John Harris' letters had made reference to a sum of £30,500, which he stated had been raised through Mr. John Brodie, Sir James Malcolm, Messrs. Taylor, Bethel, and Roberta, Mr. A. J. Mundella, Mr. Biddle, and his (Mr. John Harris') banker, and he (witness) thought Mr. H. P. Hughes also ; John Harris also sent a copy of a discount note, which came, witness thought, from Taylor, Bethel, and Roberts, referring to bills discounted by Brodie and Malcolm, these bills being apparently made by John Harris himself, in his own name ; wit ness believed that these bills formed a portion of the £30,500 ; John Harris also sent a memo, purporting to be a statement of accounts with H. P. Hughes and Co., London, amounting to £39,000 ; this seemed to refer in some way to advances on mortgages, of which he (witness) knew nothing, nor did the books here show any such transaction. The court then adjourned until the following morning. The examination of witnesses in the insolvent estate of Messrs. J. and G. Harris, taken under an order of the Supreme Court, was resumed at the Police Court on Wednesday* before Mr. F. Rawlins, Police Magistrate. George Harris, examined by Mr. Hely, con tinued : Wished to make a further explanation in reference to the partnership. Held in his hand a letter, dated Brisbane, April 21, 1853, from his brother, and received by him (witness) at Bendigo. This letter stated—" I propose for your consideration, that as I cannot myself at tend to trade of any kind while I am occupied with the vessels, that if you1 return and join me in a wholesale trade, share and share' alike—in fact, enter into a limited partnership, as far as trading is concerned, ■it will pay welL Tou know that I am guarded against speculation of any kind, and should not advise this without I felt certain that it would well succeed. I pro* pose to give no promissory- notes in the busi ness, but to purchase the first lot with £1500 or £2000, which I shall* be able to manage by the time you would be here. Consider this. Do nothing rash. I offer it, not that I desire to go into trade again, but for the purpose of start ing you. Tou will also understand that if you should agree to it, it will be oonducted by you under the firm of J. and G. Harris; and ail matters will have to be oondnoted in a strictly business way. I have said sufficient to show the' nature." Could not tell what was the amount of the London liabilities of the firm here in August, 1875 ; in Mr. John Harris' account current, received here about March last, they were on December 31, 1875, according to his showing, £184,000 ; disputed this amount to a very great extent, and believed that, if the whole of Mr. John Harris' accounts with the Brisbane firm since the commencement of the business were properly investigated by himself (witness) and a competent and neutral accountant, it would be reduced, probably to the extent of £20,000 or £80,000 ; had frequently by letter and verbally, objected to Mr. John Harris' accounts as excessive, unusual, and unbusiness like in charges; objected to his charging the Brisbane firm with the London office expenses, to his retaining commission made there by the aid of the staff paid by the Brisbane firm, to his charging commission on goods purchased and on the sale of shipments of produce, and to the manner in which he dealt with bills of lading sent by him (witness) from time to time; John jiarris did net . give the firm credit for the cash advanoes he re* ceived from time to time from the various brokers in London, in whose hands be placed these shipments for sale, and did not give the Brisbane firm credit in account for these moneys until sometimes months after—until he received the account sales from the brokers—whereby the account of the Brisbane firm with him suffered considerably in interest; also objected for many years to his mode of dealing with bank draft! remitted by me in the same way; and generally to the excessive prices charged the Brisbane firm for nearly all the goods shipped to us, and also to his shipping goods to us notorderedand frequently drawingon us against such shipments, whichdrafts I always paid to protect his and the firm's honor; all these matters had tended to a very consider able extent to increase Mr. John Harris' account or claim against the firm; for many years past considerable shipments of goods to a very large amount had been shipped in London much later than directed, in consequence of which they had frequently, and in almost all oases, arrived here late in season, and were con sequently unsaleable for the time being, and had to be held over for another season, or, even longer, at a considerable loss of interest of money, bonded storage, and other charges ; also had occasion to complain by letter, and verbally also, to the excessive rates of freight charged the Brisbane firm, as compared with most other consignees by the same vessel; most of the vessels bringing goods to the consignment of the Brisbane firm were partially owned by Mr. John Harris ; according to the account current from Mr. John Harris, London, dated June 30, 1875, and received by the firm here, the liabilities due by the firm here to the London firm on that date, according to Mr. John Harris' idea of making up accounts, amounted to £149,588 16s. 10d.; could not give any information as to how much money waa remitted from here to London in actual cash from June 80 to the date of the insolvency; could not say whether more ox less than £17,000 was remitted to London between those.dates; the firm was not insolvent on June 80, 1874, to his (witness*) knowledge, and there was no occasion for it to have become insolvent at all if only its just and true debts had been charge able to the firm here, and for what the firm had received consideration; John Harris had on several occasions mentioned to witness that he considered his drawings large; under the first deed of partnership, until the last one, was permitted, like John Harris, to draw any amount he (witness) thought proper ; the last deed of partnership, dated March Id, 1874, between John Harris of London, George Harris of Brisbane, and John Walter, 5 Great Winches ter-street Buildings, limited his (witness') right to draw to £100 a month ; could not say if he had drawn £30,000 from March, 1858 ; could not say whether in some years he had drawn as much as £10,000 out%?f the concern for his own private use ; had no books or accounts before him to refer to; believed that the schedule filed by himself on behalf of the firm showed the true state of the affairs of the firm accord ing to the books, which he believed to be cor rect ; the schedule filed on behalf of himself disclosed the true state of his affairs, as far as be was aware ; was not aware of any property he had not disclosed ; might mention that there might be various portions of land or allotments of land standing in his name, although the property of the firm, and these were in connection with, prin cipally and generally, the late branch business at Ipswich, Harrisville, and the Logan, being securities in the shape of leases and homestead areas, which the farmers frequently gave to the firm's representatives as security for their ac counts, and these stood in hia personal name, and were re-transferred on payment of the ac counts; the same applied to the steamers Nowra and Emma jha^neJi^ at Chdey; the last land he had sold than wais'a portion of lota* property mortgaged to the Bank of New South Wales aa aeourity for < hia private overdraft, these lands being sold from time to time in reduction of the overdraft; Mr. Dunckley showed witness the letter produced, and read the last clause of It j it was a letter from Fhelpa and Sedgewick, London, dated February 4,1876, and addressed to Mr. Chafl. Dunehley ;■ the last clause read: — "We shall be glad if you will so inform Mr. Geo. Harris, as we shall Mr. John Harris:" he (witness) told Mr. Dunokley be knew nothing about the matter; Mr. Dunckley broaght the letter to witness in a very hurried manner, read this clause, and left again almost imnMM diately; told him he (witness) knew nothing about what he had referred to; had previously asked Mr. DuneUey. and upon this occasional*), to provide bin (witness) with .particulars and copies of his position and all hit instructions in connection with the business of the firm, and until he did so he (witness) abso lutely declined to enter into or agree to bis right to ask himiany questions in connection with his firm's business or his own; was in formed by letter, from Mr. John Harris only, that Mr. Dunckley had been sent out here to investigate and report upon the affairs of the firm ; in this letter Mr. John Harris stated that he had enclosed a copy of Mr. Djufiekley'B in structions, but the document was not enclosed in the letter ; subsequently obtained a copy from Mr. Dunokley, but there were no signatures attached to it; Mr. Dunckley declined to give particulars of his agreement with John Harris ; Mr. Dunckley had frequently mentioned to him (witness), as also in his presence to Mr. Archer, of the Bank of New Somth Wales, and to Mr. Browne, of Messrs. Little and Browne, that he held no power or authority to enable him to act in any way ; was not aware that Mr. Dunckley had ever cautioned him against dealing with his private property ; always declined to have any conversation with him; some time in June last received £87 15*. from the Govern ment, under an award of the railway arbitrator, for some land in Dalby ; gave it to Mrs. Harris, as the land in question was originally settled on her ; there were two settlements on Mrs. Harris —an ante-nuptial one in 1860, and a post* nuptial one in 1866; the second was, witness thought, under the terms and conditions mentioned in the first; the first settlement) as far as witness recollected, settled all his household effects and a sum of money—he thought £7000 ; did not remember that there was anything else ; thought there was a special covenant in ' the settlement about pro* party accruing thereafter to Mrs. Harris, and that a reference was mad* in auch a way that any afterwards acquired money or property accruing to Mrs. Harris would be protected for herself, and her father's will supportedthat; the post-nuptial settlement of 1866 embraced all the effects in or about his present residence of Newstead, having previously moved them from town, including aU horses, carriages, cattle, and so forth- then about the place ; it also embraced all the land in vari ous parts of the colony then in his private name, and also, he thought, a vessel called Hamlet's Ghost; supposed the effeeta settled were worth between £2000 and £8000 ; supposed the realty settled would have cost him between £4000 and £5000; should thinkthemarketyalne of what was remaining—the principal portion having been sold—would probably be under £500, or about that: should think the present value of the per* sonal effects was not more than £1000 or £1200; the last sale of his own personal effects took place about November, 1874, when about £822 worth, principally of books, were sold; nothing had been sold by him in Sydney within the last six months, to his knowledge; nothing had been sold by Bradley, Newton, and Lamb, on hia account, within a year or two of the insolvency; in May last had l-12th interest in the Smith* field prospecting claim, 545 shares in the South Smithfield Gold-mining Company, 995 shares in the Aurelia Gold-mining Company, 22 2-40 th interests in the Central Smithfield, 800 shares in the Caledonia Gold-mining Company, and there were 791 shares in the No. 2 North California Company, Gympie, now In the bank, on account of the firm; also, had in May, 2082 shares in the Blue Mountain Tin mining Company; all these shares and interests, with the exception of those in the California, sold to Mr. John Thorn, early in May last, together with 10,781 shares in the Mount Marlay Tin-mining Company; received £422 17s. for them; Mr. Thorn was his (witness') brother-in-law; never made any arrangement by which be was to re ceive those shares back again; it was an absolute sale; was very glad to get rid of them and the liability attaching to them ; they had been a constant loss to bun for years past; the purchase-money was employed in paying several of his (witness') personal debts ; believed that Mr. Thorn had received a dividend of £80 prior to the insolvency, and one of £150 after wards, from the South Smithfield shares, but that the expenses had been within some trifling amount of the dividends received; there was no arrangement by which be (witness) was to receive a portion of the dividends; Newstead stood in his name, but was subject to a mort gage to the Hon. James Taylor, of Toowoomba, as mentioned in his (witness') schedule; Harris-terrace was conveyed to his wife on the 21st August, 1873, subject to a mortgage then existing to the late George Thorn, sen., of Ipswich, for £6725, with interest at 8 per cent; in March, 1874, the mortgage was paid off, by Mrs. Harris obtaining £10,000 from Mr. James Taylor, to whom the buildings were mort gaged, with 8 per cent, interest; did not believe that any of that mortgage bad been paid off; it had not been as far as he was aware ; Mr. Lyons, of Lyons and Chambers, had in formed him within the last two or three weeks that he intended, on behalf of his firm, to hold certain deeds, mining scrip, Ac, mentioned in his (witness') schedule, and left with Mr. Lyons for delivery to the trustee, against a debt due by hia (witness*) firm to Messrs. Lyons and Chambers, but he (witness) was not aware that this would be done when the documents were left with Mr. Lyons; they were in Messrs. Lyons and Cham bers' office before, but were given to him (wit ness) to make up his schedule. The Court then adjourned. 