NEWS OF THE DAY. A telegram from London' states that the Victorian £3,000,060 four per cent, loan was floated moat successfully, and will average £96 ,3s 6d, The applications received amounted to donhle the amount of the loan placed on the market. The minimum was £95 10s, with accrued interest from the 1st July last. The weather this morning was rather cold, and tbe proceedings on the Plemington training-ground were consequently hurried through with more than ordinary despatch, The only really'good gallop of the morning was performed by Sterling, who went splen didly for two miles, and quite justified the support recently awarded him by his fol lowers. The fortieth half-yeoTly meeting of the Colonial Bank of Australasia was held to day, when the directors submitted a most gratifying report, indicating that the business of the institution was in a most flourishing condition, nnd recommending n dividend at the rate of eight per cent, per nnnum. Mr Halfey , J.P., who occupied the chair. was par. tioularly confident as to the prospects of the ! hank, bat made some remarks as to the note- tax, which appeared for tbe first timo on the balance sheet, the amount, the bank had hnd to pay for the half- year being £960. Mr Joseph Clarke, one of the direotors, being absent to visit England, hnd retired from the Bonrd, and some cordial expressions of thanks for nast services were iendereil to him. His place will be supplied by his brother, Mr W. J. Clarke, who was the only candidate nominated to fill tho vacanoy. We understand that Mr W, J. Clarke has been elected governor of the Colonial Bank of Australasia, in ruom of Mr Joseph Clarke, who is leaving for England, The Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com pany will run special excursion stenmers at reduced rates during the holidays to and from Hobart Town and Launceslon, com mencing in timo to allow of the reduced fares being taken advantage of by excur sionists wishing to be present nt the Mel bourne races. M. ssrs Robinson nnd Lilly, the proprietors of the Julia Percy and Rob Boy, steamers, will also issue return tickets from Portland, Bolfast, nnd Warrnambool, at reduced rates, comiaeuoing in time for. the Derby. An extraordinary instance of how events, apparently of tho most trivial nature, are ; Bhaped by Providence into tbe means of | serving some beneflcint purpose, is reported 1 to us from Carlton. It appears that a Mr Glaiaher, residing at No. 187 Bouverie street, had been ailing for a few days past, and yesterday showed unmistakeable signs of mental a h,' nation. Ono of the freaks ho 'Indulged in 'was during the severe hailstorm in tho afternoon, when ho was seen busily engaged gathering tho hailstones inlo a lnrge heap in the back yard, remark ing that he would keep them to feed tho fowlB with throughout tho summer. Towards evening he became much worse, and by midnight wns in a high state of delirium. Dr Gieslor, who was called in, pronounced the case to be one of aoute brain fever, and recommended tho immediate application of ics in large quantities as the only means of saving the patient's life. Bat tho family were at a loss to know whereto procure ice at that time of night, and were in tho depths of despair, until the eldest daughter, who had been uuromitting in her attentions to her father, suddenly remembered the heap of hailstones in the back yard. On visiting the heap it was found that a largo cake of ice still remained. This was at once utilised, and wo are glad to be able to stato that Mr Glaiaher is pronounced to-day as quite out of danger, Oar sporting contributor, Asmodens, was onco more successful in his anticipations over the Kensington races on Saturday last. Out of five races he solected four straight out winners,whilo his fifth ran a good second in tho Two-year-old Stakes. Among his predictions was the correct Hurdle and Steeple double, whioh was backed nt hundreds to five. His success is the more remarkable, as his selections were horses unknown to fame. Mr E. S, Carty delivers" a loctuje at the A then team to- night on Smiles nud Tears, Mr H. M. 0. Gemmell taking the cliair, Mr Carty has just recovered from a very severe illness, prior to which he gave four lectur, s for the Melbourne charities, which realised over £200. It is to be hoped now that Mr Carty lectures for himself, tho public will remember his former efforts on bo naif of charity, and give him a bumper house. Mr Carty is a most effective lecturer. It is a Bad thing to see an apparently re spectable man so giro way to the hideous infatuation of drink as to become a thief, and thereby lose a renumerativo situation, bringing himself nnd bis family to ruin. A' ease'of the kind occupied the attention of the magistrates, this morning, oti the City Bench, when a laborer named Patrick Ryan, employed in thc.gooda shed of the Flinders street station, was charged with stealing a bottle- of porter from a case in the sheds, belonging to Messrs Loriraer, Merwood and Rome. Constable Flannery, tho arresting constable, g.'.ve evidence that on Saturday, afternoon last he heard a noise in the 6heds as of the koocking the top of a bottle off. Shortly afterwardB Flannery saw the prisoner come from where a number of caBes of porter were stored with a bottle of stout in his hand. Ryan was taken before Mr Eastwood; tho manager of the sheds, to whom he acknowledged bis guilt. Mr Eastwood- staled the company had been put to great inconvenience by petty thefts similar to that with which the prisoner ' was charged, Ryan, who was receiving Is per hour, had, he said, been snspcctcd of diet honesty for some timo past. Sir Sturt Baid it was a most painful thing for the bench to hnve to deal with a case in which a man in good employment so debased himself as to become a con tern ptible thief for tbe snkc of his love of drink. Ryan was sent to gaol for fourteen days. The unruly conduct of blackguards, both well dressed as well as the reverse, who make it a practise to assemble outside the principal churches of the various denominations on Sundays during divine service, lias lately become so outrageous as to necessitate tho authorities placing a constable outside caob of the buildings, in or'er thnt the congrega tions may continue their devotions nndis- turbed. A young man named Neil M'Cauiey was charged this morning before the Oity Police Court, with behaving in an insulting manner last evening, outBide St. Patrick's Cathedral. The prisoner, it. appeared, deliberately pushed two old women off the footpnth into the gutter. M'Cauiey, who is a student at one of our collegiate schools, and should have known better, was finod 10s, or, in default, wns ordered to be imprisoned for forty-eight hours. The approaches to the City Police Court this morning wero crowded by a score or more of girls and young women, of from 15 years of age up to about 19 years old, whose bold looks unl tawdry finery proclaimed that, young as they were, they had embraced a life of infamy. The girls were awaiting the decision of the magistrates as to the fate of one of their number, a girl named Mary Wisharfc, who was charged with insulting behaviour in Russell street, late on Saturday night last, The prisoner, who is seventeen years of age, said she met a female companion, who had induced her to take a glass of wine, which had got into her henil, Dr Singleton stated to the magistrates that the accused was tho daughter of respectable parents in Co! ling- wood, The evidence of the doctor procured the girl's discharge. After leaving the court Dr Singleton informed the young woman that her father had been so terribly affected by hearing the announcement that his child was locked up, that ho ruptured some infernal organ which had resulted in his death. The scene on the girl receiving tho sad intelli gcnce of her father's death, was a vory sad one. Two young roughs, hailing from Carlton, named respectively Francis Mason and John Gordon, received a sentence of three months' imprisonment, in default of the pay ment of a fino of £5 inflicted upon them by the City Bench this morning. The prisoner, in company with three otlu r congenial spirits, who are not yet in custody, amused themselves between four and five o'clock yesterday morn 'ng in deliberately throwing Btoues through the windows of three houses, tenanted by re- apectable citizens, in Rathdowne place, Carl ton. One of the prisoners, upon being remonstrated with, became so enraged that he tore a pailing from the fence of a bouse, and proceeded to smash the gate in, The evidence showed that the frolicsome yonths were so utterly rogradless of where they threw their missies that they narrowly escaped Btrikiug a lady on the head. Carlton would nppear to stand sadly in need of more police protection, as the scenes which occur nightly in the neighborhood of Dunning, Elgin and Pitt streets are said to lie. die- graoeful. Detective Fook Sing, about nine o'clock on Saturday night, observed a girl named Marian Singleton, about fourteen years of ago, enter a hovel in the V.R.O. lane, kept by a Chinese carpenter. The detective, looking through a window, saw sufficient to load him to believe that the girl had visited the place for no good purpose. Fook Sing very properly forced nu entrance into the place, and nrrested thechild as being negleoted. The prisoner informed both Date- tiveFook Sing andDetectivo Connolly that she had merely gone into the plnce to Bee the time. At tho Oity Bench this morning, Detectives Conneily and Levin gave evi dence that the girl's mother had permitted au elderly daughter of hers to rcceivu visitB from men in their own house in Cambridge street, Oollingwood, nnd she lier.-elf had formerly been convicted of harbouring esoapees from the Reformatory. This was denied by MrB Singleto-, who" said the prisonar lind been seat by her to pay a bill in town. Tho child, she assorted, was a binder at a shoe factory, and Rho her self was supported by her son and two daugh ters, who were, according, to her, exemplary children. Dr Singleton, wko wns in court, boro witness that tho mother was a hard working woman, and,so far as he was aware, Bho strove to bring up her family in habits of industry and sobriety. Tho bench said there appeared to bo a mistake in the evidence Bomewbere. T|ie police magistrate read Mrs Singleton a lesson upon maternal responsibilities, nnd stated that as the evidence ob to her daughter being a negleoted child was inconclusive she would be discharged upon this occasion, When the child was arrested, on her perron wns found a pair of cheap and meretricious looking earrings, The prisoner, who during the iuve:tigntion had hoft'ie-1 most- dismally, no sooner heard that she was dlECHarged than she dried her eyes, and demanded the restoration of her trinkets. Three uubnppy young woman, named Bridget, Margaret, nud Eliza King, all sis ters, wore sentenced to twolvo months' im prisonment by the Fitzroy Bench to-day as vagrants. 'I he eldest is only nineteen, and they are remarkably tall and strong girls, such as might hate been valuable members of society if otherwi a brought up, but as it is their career has been ono of the lowest profligacy. The absorbing topics of conversation now (says the Coleraino correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator) are the finding of coal, and the future prospects of our town, should a payable quantity of tho precious article exist in the hills surrounding us. The specimens unearthed continue to improve in quality, and do not diminish in quantity. I had tho pleasure of witnessing a beautiful fire last night, composed solely of the Ojleraine article. That it burns well cannot be denied, giving a beautiful clear flame, and thipwing out a good heat. I he shaft has been the sceno of groat attraction . during the past tivo days, and during yesterday some three of taST hundredweight of tho shiny article wns taken tllon.\fromi ne large junk weighing tw'enty pounds. Tie Spectator ndds : — " A resident of I'uUara informs us that ho has plenty of the same description on his laud nt Tahara, whore it is to bo got at a depth of sixteen feot," The B.allarat Courier states that a metro politan journal is quite wrong in stating that the banks are not about to reduce the rates of interest. We (Courier) have tho best reasons for knowing that reductions of the kind indicated will be made Bhortly. Rather an cxraordionry" tussle" between an iguann nnd a 'uossuru has been reported to us (Mortlake Dispatch). Our informant states that while walking through a pad dock his attention was ntti-acled by thu sqn aling of a 'possum, and on going to wards the spot whence the neise proceeded he 1 found that a largo-sized iguana had mounted the. back of the 'possum, and wa3 fast worrying him. The latter, Btruggled hard to get free . of bis capturcr, but it was if 110 avail, for the iguana kept a light-grip of his prey by the back of the neck. Our informant determined to settle the contest at once, so armed with a stick Ho approached the combaranis, and the iguana not relish ing the turn that affairs had taken at once let go his bold. ... Tho 'possum speedily mode tracks for a neighboring tree, and was closely pursued by the iguana. Both of them darted into a hollow in tho tree, and here tho conflict must have been renewed, for the 'possum set up the same squealing as be fore. . ' A'peonliar instance of contempt of court enmes from New Zealand. According to tbe Wellington Evening Argus, this is how Mr District Judge Weston ' determined to maintain the dignify of his court: — While the -Grown Prosecutor, was examining a witness, His Honor suddenly interrupted the proceedings by remarking " Sir Guin ness, it is a most indecent and improper thing to wi k a", the jury, and, I,.mnst request you to slop it." Mr Gniuues3 ti "did nothing of the sort. If y..ur Honor is m the habit of doing bo, 'I am not," His Honor: " Is that a proper answer to give to a Judge of this court ; to give the Ho direct? I saw you wink, Mr Guinness, aiid I nave 6uon you do it before ; aad if you add res i the Court again in tlic manner you have done, I will not allow yon to appear in this court at all." Mr Guinness sub.ilded. Persons who arc ambitious of be naming mu6culnr will do well to study tbe result of an official inqniry which, according to tho Medical Examiner, has lately been ins ituted at a military gymnastic school in France. Tho inquiry, which extended oyer a period of six montbB, showed — I. That the muscu lar force is increased on the average 15 to 17 per cent, and occasionally from 25 to 30 . per cent., the force having a tendency to become eqnal on both aides of the body. 2. That the capacity of the chest is increased one sixth at the lowest. 8. That tlio weight of the individual is increased from six to seven per cent., nud occasionally froai 10 to 15 per cent., while the balk of the body is diminished, thus showing that the profit is confined to the muscular system. The increase of muscnlnr force wa= generally confined to tho first three months of the cnur-o, Daring the last moiety a serious diminution usually occurred ; nnd hero tho dynamometer gave positive indication oE the necessity of mo derating or suspending tho exercises. The truth is, gymnastic exercises, like all other things, require to be taken in moderation, .and if indulged in to excess do. infinitoly more harm than good. In the meantime, there is one aimpio method of taking exercise which, notwithstanding its advantages, is for Borne un-iccon itahlo reasony_ wholly neg lected by vast number of persons who are constantly complaining of the ill effects on their constitution of what they term "seden tary pursuits" — namely, walking. Before another- largo gathering of head teachers, assistant teachers and pupil teachers, connected with tbe State schools, Mr T, P, Hill delivered hi? twelfth lecture on elocution on Saturday morning. Several ladies and.gentlemen were called upon, for the first time, to give specimens of their reading powers, and, in most instances, the results were very satisfactory. Mr Hill urged upon his hearers the necessity of being easy, natural, nud earnest in their efforts to excite interest in thu cause of speech-culture. He insisted on tlie-irapoitanco of fastening the mind on the meaning of the worts representing groat ideas. Sounds were something, but unless they conveyed feeling an-i thought, they would never arrest or maintain nttcntion. I The old story about the Rev George Whitfield and the shipbuilder could never be too frequently repeated. " When," said the said tbe latter, in answer to the question of a friend, " I go to hear my regular parson I feel as if I could build a ship from stem to Btoin; but when I lislen to Mr Whitfield I can't lay a single plank." Earnestness wa3 contagious. It was the very life of teaching. Mr Sam. Lazar, a gentleman well known in theatrical nnd sporting circles, is rapidly making arrangements to open villi his new opera company in this city. Mr Lnznr re turns to Sydney to-morrow in order to com plete all matters connected with this subject, A grand Benson may be anticipated. When Mr Lazar returns to Melbourne, he will bring bis horses over with him. One is a grand trotting horse, imported from America. Some snort, may be anticipated amongst horsey circles. St. Jeorgo's Hall was well attended on Saturday evening, nnd the entortaiumenfc went off very well. There is to bo nn ontiro change of programme to-night. A new ghost dramattaie to be placed on the boards, and tho cabinet is to bo revived, Leo, the talking lion, after a long spell, comes again to the front to amuse tho people. Miss Wil- mot nnd Mr Dillon have been ro-engnged. A grand vocal and instrumental concert will bo given on Thursday evening, for Christ Ohurcli, St.. Kildn, nt the Town Hall, Prahran, The names of Miss Holland, Mr S. Lamble, Mr B. T. Moroney and others appear in the progrnmmo, Mr J, M. Christie, thd great amateur athlete, is to havo a benefit nt tho Princess Theatre on Monday next, the (ilh instant, Tom C'urran and Harry Sollars will give an exhibition of science. Wilson's Hippodromo was crowded on Saturday, in tho afternoon nnd cvuning, and the audiences were delighted with tho fonts of horsemanship exhibited, The Opera House was well attended on Saturday evening. Tho entertainment at. this theatre is ono of the most enjoyable in the oity, being fuU of fun and humor, 