THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS. THE Davenport Brothers made their first public appearance in Melbourne at the Town.ball on Saturday, September 2, in their entertainment of the mysterious cabinet and the dark sdancc. The hall was well filled Boon after the doors were opened, and the performance was evidently waited for with a good deal of interest. Other equally successful exhibitions of the Bkill of the brothers were given within the subsequent week. The following account of one of these was supplied to The Argus by "A Vagabond":—Nearly all the reserved seatB were taken, and the body of the hall was crowded. The galleries, however, were nearly empty. Ministers and priests cf many creeds were present, anxious to see the powers of darkness ; and several noted politicians were also on hand, attracted by the celebrated cabinet trick. They would have no objection to be in one, and would not care how long they kept their seats therein. The first trick which I saw was performed by selling some " reserved" seats twice over—highly successful, and satisfactory to those of the one part, but not so much so to those of the other. Professor Fay, who, I believe, is connected with MisB Eva Fay, a noted professional medium iu the States, made his customary opening speech, asking for a committee of two gentlemen to be appoiuted to tie the brothers. He speakB to me like a man from the Middle States, with an unedncated pronunciation and a slight accent as if reared by a negro "mammy." The first nomination was Mr. Frank Weston, it being considered, I presume, that as a maker of " Wizard Oil," he would be acquainted with conjurors' tricks. There were loud cills for Mr. Lyster, but he would not respond. Tben "Service" was tbe cry—a very good choice, as this gentleman must, be well versed in Cabinet jugglings. Mr. Weston first asBured us that there was no one in tl e cabinet, which we could all see for ourselves, and Mr. Service said that it was a mere shell, and that any one could eee through the chinks between the panels. This must be a great advantage to those inside, BR even when tbe gas is turned low, every movement of the "committee" must he visible to them. Messrs. Weeton and Service made a searching inspection of tbe cabinet, the former gentleman mounting on the top, and being loudly cheered. Every one, by this time, ought, I think, to be satisfied that the cabinet itself has nothing to do with tbe "manifestations." There wnsa good deal of conversation amongst tbe audience, and rosh speculations as to "how it was done, "whilst this preliminary business was going on. Tbe " third arm " theory bad many supporters ; tut perhaps was outbalanced by the spiritualistic. An idea that one of the brothers had a sheath round one of his arms, which enabled him to work it out of its fastening, had an amount of rationality. Short sash lines having been banded to the committee, the brothers took their Beats in tbe cabinet. The process of securing them took some time, which Professor Fay utilised in again assuring tbe audience that there was no deception, and rather unkindly exposed Dr. Silvester's modus operandi in having bolts in his cabinet which would screw ou r . The brothers watched tbe motions of their operators keenly. Tbe work, I believe, was done fairly and well by both. Then Messrs. Service and Weston made speeches, announcirg that, tbey bad bound tbe brothers hard and fast. Then the door on tbe left hand Bide of the cabinet was closed by Professor Fay, which was always first done throughout the evening; the middle door then closed, and afterwards the righthand door. Opening them the proceeding WBS reversed, and as Professor Fay is leisurely in his actions, one brother has more than half a minute extra to tie or untie himself. This is tbe boy who does all the work, as Heenan said of hiB left hand. Mr. Service was requested to bolt the right-hand door, and whilst doing so, the centre door being partly closed and filled up by his body, he started back, saying be felt a band on his head. Again he essayed his tosk, and again visibly a black-sleeved arm came from tbe left-hand corner, and this time fairly bonnetted him. The lights bad been turned down during this performance. Mr. Weston was now set to close the door, and a bat which bad been placed on one of the brothers was transferred to his head from the same left-hand corner. Mr. Service testified tbat be distinctly saw tbe arm come from the shoulder of one of the brothers, and yet when examined both be and Mr. Weston affirmed they were apparently as when tied by them. This from it,8 rapidity was one of tbe beBt tricks of the evening. I do not suppose it was intended tbat either Mr. Service or any of the audience Bhould see the black-sleeved arm. The general idea is, that a bystander receives blows from an invisible source, and when the spirit arm shows itself, it is not clotbed in broadcloth; but to me tbe trick was only more extraordinary from tbe rapid manner in which the brother who does the work released his hand from bondoge. After this tbe brothers were locked in tbe cabinet, and then commenced the usual noise of kicking, of musical instruments, rattling of tambourines, and the tomfoolery generally indulged in by spirits and their mediums. The shape of a band appeared at tbe bole, and twice what bore the Bemblance of a naked band and arm. Many times throughout the evening the hand showed itself, but never when either of the committee were CIOBC to tbe bole. I have before intimated thatfrom inBide it would he easy to see the shadows of tbe bystanders. The light was turned down low during all this time, and tbe naked arm and band could not be very plainly distinguished. I don'c think, however, tbat it belonged to either of the Davenports ; to me it seemed a dummy, remarkably like what one sees in glove-makers' windows, a " property " which might be easily concealed about the person of one of the brothers. Next > ame the untying process, gas turned off low again, orchestra playing ghost music, and the spirits playing the deuce kicking the tambourines about inside. Nearly three minuteB from the time the doorB were closed tbe brotherB stepped out unbound. Dr. Girdlestone tben examined them, and assured the audience that there was no third arm, nor any perceptible lusus natures to account for tbe wonder. But I expect there is something under those black coats. Anyway, tbe fact of untying themselves in three minutes does not, to my mind, require a third arm. Hundreds do that trick—the DavenportB much better than tbe rest. Agein they entered tbe cabinet, and in a little more than two minuteB tbe centre door was thrown open, and tambourines hurled out, as always from one Bide, and afterwards the brothers were found bound, tighter, said the committee, than before, one of tbem appearing greatly distressed, and both as if having undergone great exertion. Mr. Service remarked their condition, but Professor Fay bad an answer pat, " Folks won't freeze shut up in that cabinet half an bour." Then Mr. Service took bis seat " amid loud cheers," bis hands tied to tbe brothers as usual, and musical instruments heaped on bis lap. The door was cloBed, and the customary row ensued, and afterwards Mr. Service was found released. He said he felt "something liken bet tie crawling over his face.'' Mr. Weston was tied iu jik« manner. This pare of the performance ended with the brothers' hands being filled with Hour. In thiee and a half minute*' time tbey stepped out free, the Hour still in their hands. Thin is clever, bat one handful of Hour could be easily disposed of, and with one band free either of the brothers could free the other. During the interval, Mr. Cohen joined tbe committee and others examining the cabinet. A Scotchman, a Yankee, and a Jew are not often deceived, but the Davenports were too much for these. After the recestt, Professor Fay came to the front and said—what I am afraid was a cram—that " the effects could not be produced in liuht." The gas was turned off, and in a few minutes Professor Fay and one of the Davenports were found tied to their chairs and to the table, the other brother being held by Mr. Weston. During all this "dark seance" the tambourines and Ijanjos placed on tbe table were Hying about the stage, and in the scene where tbe guitars are iuaiki-d with phosphorous oil the effect was very pretty. A little Hour bad been scattered around to track any confederate, and once the brother who was bound WDS discovered with several spots of flour on iiis black trousers, supposed to have been spilt by i,he spirits. He seemed rather concerned when attention was drawn to this, and the marks of exertion which lie bore,whilst Professor Fay seemed quite cool, made the incident significant.. The moBt wonderful part of the whole entertainment was the manner in which Professor Fay first removed his waistcoat, then his coat, and afterwards put on the coat of Dr. Girdlestone, which was placed ou tbe table by his fide, after each performance being found, as certified by Dr. GirdleBioue and Mr. Weston, tightly bound in his chair. The professor gave all orders, and when be called for " light," and his coat was seen flying from bis direction whilst he apparently was firmly tied in liis chair, the applaus* was enthusiastic, and was certainly well deserved. Afterwards Dr. Girdlestone's coat was placed in his hands as he stood holding Mr. Davenport some distanre from where Professor Fay was bnnnd. This was wonderfully done, arid altogether the dark sia/nce is more mysterious than the cabinet tricks. The latter have had many imitators, the former none, I believe, as regards public exhibitions. The peiformance concluded with Professor Fay and Mr. Davenport uutying themselves, a simple thing alter what had gone before. All throughout the professor and the brothers were masters of the situation, and completely nonplussed the committee. 