the two destinies. . "a romance. Br WiiKii Collins. Chapter XXXII. — The Physicians Opinion. Six months have elapsed, summer-rime has come again. Tho last parting is over. Prolonged by my care, the days o£ my mother'a life have como to their end. She has died in my arms ; her last words have been spoken to mc, her last look on earth has been mine. T am now, in the saddest and plainest mean. ing of the words, alone in the world. . The affliction which baa befallen mo has eft certain duties to bo performed that re- squire my presence in Londou. My house is fet ; I am staying at an hotel. My friend, Sir' James (also in London ou business), bis rooms near mine. AVe breakfast and dice together, in my sitting-room. For the moment, solitude is dreadful to me— and yet I cannot go into society ; I shrink from persons who are mere acquaintances. At Fir Jame3?s suggestion, however, one visitor at our hotel has been ashed to dine with us, who claims distinction as no ordinary guest. The physician who first warned me of tho critical state of my mother's health is anxious to hear what I can tell him of her last mo- meets. His time is too precious to be wasted in the earlier houra of the day ; and he joins us at the dinner.table when his patients leave bim free to visit his friends. The dinner is nearly at an end. I have made the effort to preserve my self-control ; nod, iu few words, I have told the simple Etorv of my mother's last peaceful days on earth. The conversation turns next on topics ol little interest to me : my mind rests iter the effort that it has made ; my obser vation is loft free to exert itself as usual. | Little by little, while the talk goes on, I observe something in the conduct of the celebrated physician which first puzzles me, and then arouses my suspicion of some motive for his presence which has not been acknowledged, and in which I am concerned. Over and over again I discover that his eyes are resting on me with a furtive in forest and attention which ho seema anxious to conceal. Over and over'-again, I notice that' he oontrives to divert the conversation from general topics, and to lure . me into talking of myself ; and, strangor still (unless I am quite mistaken), Sir James understands and encourages him. Under various pretences I am questioned about what 1 have suffered in the past, and what plans of life 1 have formed for tho future. Among other sub jects of personal interest to me, the subject uf supernatural appearances is introduced, l nm naked if I believe in occult spiritual i sympathies, and in ghostly apparitions of i -'-.a or distant persons. I am dexterously I M info hinting that my views on this diffi- 3 .'"It and debateable question are in some a degree infiuehccd by experiences of my own. I H'nfs. However, are not enough to eatisfy S the doctor's innocent curiosity: Ho tries to j induce me to relate in detail what I have I myself Eeon and felt. But by this time I i am on my guard; I make excuses; 1 steadily j abstain from taking my friend into my cou- I tidence. It is more and more plain to me I that I am being made the subjeot of an ex periment, in which Sir James and the physi cian are equally interested. Outwardly as suming to be guiltless of any suspicion of what is going on, I inwardly determine to diecovor the true motive for the doctor's presence that evening, and for the part that Sir James had taken in inviting him to be i my guest. j Events favor my purpose, soon after tho 1 dessert has been placed on the table. The waiter enters the room, with a letter | for me, and announces that the bearer, waits | to know if there is any answer. . I open the | envelope, and find inside a few lines from my lawyers, announcing the completion of eoaio formal matter of business. X at once seise the opportunity that is offered to me. Instead of sending a verbal messago down- 6tairs, I make my apologies, and use the letter as a pretext for leaving the room. Dismissing the messenger who waits bo. low, I return to the corridor in which my rooms aro situated, and 6oftly open the door of my bedchamber. A second door com. muuicatos with the sitting-room, and has a ventilator in the upper part of it. I have ODly to stand under the ventilator, and every word of the conversation between Sir James and tho physician reaches my cars. "Then you think I am right?" are tho brat wordu I hear, in Sir James's voice. " Quito right," tho doctor answers. ' ' 1 havo done my best to make him change his dull way of life," Sir James proceeds. ' I have asked him to pay a visit to my bouse in Scotland ; I havo proposed travel, ling with him on the Continent ; I have offered to take him with ma on my next voyage in the yacht. He has but one answer — he simply says No to everything that I cau suggest. You have heard from his own lips that he has no definite plans for the future. What is to become of him? what had we better do ?" "It is. not easy to say," I hear the physician reply. " "To speak plainly, the man's nervous system is seriously deraDged. 1 noticed something strange in him when he tirst came to consult me about his mother's health. Tho mischief has not been caused entirely by the affliction of her death. In H my belief, his mind has been — what shall I g say ?— unhinged, for some time past. He is If a very reserved person. I suspect he has H been oppressed by auxieties which he has |j kept secret from every one. At his age the B unacknowledged troubles of life are generally H troubles caused by women. It is in his tern- H perament to take the romantic view of love ; Kj ernl some matter-of-fact woman of the pre. sent day may have bitterly disappointed him. B Whatever may be the cause, the effect is B | lain— hie nerves have broken down ; and B bis brain is necessarily affected by whatever H affects his nerves. I have known men in his condition who have ended badly. He may drift into insane delusions, if his present course of life is not altered. Did yon hear H what he said when we talked about ghosts ?" E "Sheer mousenee !" Sir James remarks. B - " Sheer delusion would he the more cor. 1 re et form of expression,' the doctor rejoins. B "Aud other delusions may flow out of it at j any moment." E " What is to be done ?" persists Sir B James ; "I may really say for myself, B doctor, that I feel a fatherly interest in the H poor fellow. His mother was one of my E eldest and dearest friends ; and he baa in- H heritedrnany of her engaging and endearing B qualities. I hope you don't think the case E is bad enough to be a case for restraint ?" S " Certainly not, as yet," answers the E doctor. So far there is no positive brain B disease ; aud there is accordingly no eort of reason for placing bim under restraint. It H is essentially a doubtful and difficult case. E Have him privately looked after by a compe- E tent person, and thwart him in nothing, if H you can possibly help it. The merest trifle B may excite hie suspicions — and, if that B happens, we lose all control over him." B " Y'ou don't think he suspects us already B do you, doctor ?" B "I hope not. I saw him once or twice Kg lock at me rather strangely — and he baa B certainly been a long timo out of the room." Hearing this, I wait to hear no more. ' I B return to tho sitting-room, by way of the corridor, aud resume my place at the table. E The indignation that I feel — naturally enough, 1 think, under the circumstances — : H makes a good actor of me, for onco in my hie, i invent the necessary excuse for my B long absence, and take my part in the con- B v<rsation ; keeping the strictest guard H on every word that escapes me, without be- fraying any appearance of restraint in my B ®caner. Early in the evening the doctor H All rishiaHjtrvtd!1'"11 anDSBeo' with lbs author. leaves us to go to a scientific meeting. For half an hour more Sir Jamee remains with me. By way (as I suppose) of further testing the state of my mind, he renews the invito.' tion to Ids house in Scotland. I pretend to feel flattered by hie anxiety to secure me as his guest. I undertake to reconsider my first refusal, aud to give him a definite answer when we meet the next morning at breakfast. Sir James is delighted ; wo shake hands cordially, and wish each other good night. At last I am leftalono. My resolution as to my next course of proceeding is formed without a moment's hesitation. I determine to leave the hotel privately tho next morning, before Sir James is out of his bedroom. To what destination I am to betake myself is naturally the next question that arises— and this also I easily decide.- During the last days of mv mother's life, we . spoke together frequently of tho happy past days when we were living on the banks of the Greonwater lake. The longingthus inspired to look once more at the old scenes, to live for awhile again among the old associations, has grown on me since my mother's death. I have, happily for myself, not spoken of this feeling to Sir James, or to any other person. When I am missed at the hotel, there will be no suspicion of the direction in which I have turned my steps. To tho old home in Suffolk I' resolve to go the next morning. Wandering among the scenes of my boyhood I can consider with myself how I may best bear the burden of the life that lies before me. After what I have heard that ovening I confide in nobody. For all I know to the contrary my own servant may be employed to-morrow as the spy who watches my actions. When the man makes his appear ance to take his orders for the night, I tell him to wake me at Bix o'clock the next morning, and release him from further at. tendance. L next employ myself in writing two let. ters. They will be left on the table to speak for themselves after my departure. In tho first letter I briefly inform Sir James that I have discovered his true reason for inviting the doctor to dinner. While I thank bim for the interest he takes iu my welfare, I decline to be made tho object of any further medical iuquiries.as to the state of my mind. In due course of time, when my plans are settled, he will hear from me again. Meanwhile, he need feel no anxiety about my safety. It is one among my other delusions to believe that I am still perfectly capable of taking cure of myself. My second letter is addressed to the landlord of the hotel, and simply pro-' vides for the disposal of my luggage, and the payment of my bill. I enter my bedroom next, and pack a travelling-bag with the few things that I can carry with me. My money is in my dressing- case. Opening it, I discover my pretty keepsake — tho green llag. Can I return to Greenwater Broad, can I look again at the bailiff's cottage, without the one memorial of little Mary that I possess ? Besides, have I not promised Miss Dunross that Mary's gift Bhall always go with me wherever I go;- and is the promise not doubly sacred, now that Bhe is dead ? For awhilo 1 sit idly looking at the device on the flag — the white dove, embroidered on the green ground, with the golden olive-branch in its beak. The innocent love-story of my early life returns to my memory, and shows me in horrible contrast tho life that I am leading now. I fold up the flag, and place it' care fully in my travelling-bag. This done, all is done. 1 may rest till the morning comes. No ! I fie down in bed, and I discover that there is no rest for me that night. Now that I have no occupation to keep my energies employed — now that my first senso of triumph in the discomfiture of tho friends who have plotted against me has had time to subside — my mind reverts to tho conversation that I havo overheard, and con siders it from a new pului or view. L'or th« first time the terrible question confronts me : — The doctor's opinion on my case has been given very positively ; how dc I know that the doctor is not right? This famous physician has risen to the head of his profession entirely by his -own abilities. He is not one of tho medical men who succeed by means of an ingratiating manner and the dexterous handling of good opportunities. Even his enemies admit that he stands unrivalled in the art of separating tho true conditions from the' false in tho dis- covery of disease, and in tracing effects accurately to their distant and hidden cause. Is such a man as this likely to be mistaken about me ? Is is not far rnoro probable that 1 am nfietaken in my judgment of myself ? When I look back over the past years, am I quite sure that the strange events which I recall may not, in certain cases, be tho visionary product of my own disordered brain — realities to me, and to no one else ? What are the dreams of Mrs. Van Brandt, what are the ghostly apparitions of her which I believe myself to have seen ? Delusions which have been the stealthy growth of years ? Delusions which are leading me by Blow degrees nearer and nearer to madness in tho end ? Is it insane suspicion which has made me so angry with the good friends who have been trying to save my reason ? Ia it insane terror which sets me on escaping from the hotel like a criminal escaping from prison?.' These are the questions that torment me, while I am aloue. iu the dead of night. My bed becomes a place of unendurable torture. 1 rise and . dress myself ; and wait for the daylight looking through my open window into the street. The summer night is short. The grey light of dawn comes to me like a deliverance; the glow of the glorious sunrise cheers iny soul once more. Why should I wait in the room that' is still haunted by my horrible doubts of the night ? I take up my travel, ling-bag ; I leave my letters on the sitting, room table ; and I descend the etairs to the house- door. The night-porter at the hotel is slumbering in bis chair. He wakos as I pass him; and (God help me !) he too looks as if he thought 1 was mad. "Going to leave ub already, sir?"- he says, looking at the bag in my hand. Mad or sane, I am ready with my reply. I tell him I am going out for a day in the country— and to make it a long day I must Btart early. The man still stares at me. He asks if he shall find somebody to carry my bag. I de clino to let anybody be disturbed. He in quires if I havo any message to leave for my friend. I inform him that I have left written messages upstairs for Sir James and the landlord. Upon this he draws the bolts and opens the door. To the last he looks at me as if he thought I was mad. Was he right or wrong? Who can answer for himself? How can 1 tell? 