OUR CITY FATHERS AND THEIR IN SPECTOR OF NUISANCES. to THE EDITOR OF THE WARWICK ARQU9. 8IB,-The cow nuisance is gradually devel oping itself, and if allowed to go on a little longor, moat result in some soriouB accident or sudden death. It's quite a usual thing to see ten or a dozen cattle camped at the street crossings every morninff, ana it is moro than probable that they lay there all tho provious night They are, as a rule, too lazy to get out of the way of vehiclos, and during the dark wintor nights now approaching I expect to hear of collisions that will probably rouse the municipal authorities into something life a sense of the responsabililies thov have bo gladly taken upon themselves. 1 am told there is an Inspector of Nuisances, and that a part of his duty is to keep the streets dear of predatory cattle. I enquired further and was informed that the Inspector did tty his level best in tho matter, but that after coo siderable troublo in yarding about twenty strag glers he was quietly ordered by some dominat ing alderman to let them all go again, and, in future, not to busy himself about suth mat ters betwoen the hours of 6 p.m. and 10 a.m. Why, that is tho time, Mr. Editor, when all virtuous tatepayers are fast asleep; tho time when they 'pay George Da via for watching over the safety of their lives and property ; the time when ghosts prowl about cnurch* yards and big empty rooms in whioh blue* light tapers are burning; the very time too, when old cows try the fastenings of our gar den gates, break our fruit treos, and knock ovor our flower pots; the time when, tired of doing further mischief in gardens, thoy lie in ; squads at street crossings to the great dan ger of any person whoso avocations require them to be out |at a late hour. It is quite conceivable, even to Alderman Crombie I hope, that an anxious messenger might have occasion to ride rapidly alone our streets, on some dark night, in search of Some rev. gentle man to administer spiritual consolation to some dear friend on the point of death ; and I further hopo that it is quite within aldor mftnio capacity to conccive the possibility of the aforesaid anxious messenger colliding with an old cow, disabling his horse and breaking his own nock. This would be a multiplication of horrors, two souls sont to their last account unshriven, unaneled, andpropably unphysie'd. It is too horrible to oontomplato, and all owing to aldcrmanic unwillingness to perform an obvious duty. I shall not say any moro on the subject just now, bat will with your permission return to it in a future issue should I remain, Sir. &o.;, EDWARD JOKES. 