THE EUCHARIST. The closer we examine, and the more we read, the more satisfied; shall we he ; that our great; reformers have justly /restored the sacrament of the eucharist' to' that plain and simple ceremony, ;bf memorial and spiritual sacrifice,.: which i>pur blessed , Lord intended. . The Lord's , supper be(- came,: as it was originally appointed by, the Saviour, "a simple : meinorial of his death, and a sacrifice of / thanksgiving; lather than a pompous .pageant, ; outraging common sense. The wine was no longer confined to the clergy, but: given - equally to all.' The bread was no longer a wafer, but the actual food of which we daily ^par take, and such as .we believe vour .Lord Himself . brake, and blessed at his last : supper. The elements were no longer held up for worship i, and adoration, I but were considered, as our Lord intended, as signs of the body and blood which had been broken and, poured ; forth : in short; we returned, ; after a .lapse of many centuries of the grossest darkness and perversion of God's I word; -tothe-original .purity of ,the institution. . !We .became again, in : the sacrament of the .eucharist, .rational creatures, celebrating -the, memory of Christ's death with faith and spiritual : devotion. We no longer paid the wages of corruption; for the passage of ;four soul from death to salvation ; but we looked upon the bread and wine as typical merely, and emblematical of that great sacrifice which was made once for all ; and we remembered the Scripture which said,' "Christ, our. high priest, not by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood entered once into the holy place. '-Neither hath He often suffered since the foundation of the world; but now once hath He 'appeared to put away sin-;by the sacrifice of Himself." 1 ' 1 Eighteen hundred years have now elapsed since, this holy , memorial was first established. For the first three centuries it was gradually overloaded by cumbrous forms and ceremonies : and for the suc-. ceeding nine centuries it was nearly lost in the corruptions and ignorance of a designing priesthood and a superstitious people. Then, by the blessing of our God, it was revived ; and presents to us, as at this day, when we are invited to commu- nicate at the table of the Lord, as nearly as possible, tho very institution which J esus commanded. Looking to the words of St. Paul, "For as oft as ye eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do shew the; Lord's death till He come," how perfectly miraculous does its preservation appear I When we consider, that in the year 1536, it should have been openly asserted in the articles, of the Church of England, "Touching the sacrament of the. altar, people are instructed that under the forms of bread and wine there is truly and sub stantially given the very same body , of.- Christ that was born of the Virgin Mary/,'; — an article signed by the hand of Crahmer ; this will in itself display the extent of those prejudices which the true light of the reformation had to encounter - and to dispel.' But we will leave the past. That past can never recur. The art of .prfnting, even if it stood by itself, , renders it; im- possible. Only behold the course of his tory as now detailed. Only consider our Church restored to the primitive , and apostolic, purity of its early days (at least in the theory and doctrine of this its most important ceremonial). There is exacted of the Christian community no irrational profession of belief : there is required now, no credit in the fables of Papal ignorance : there is demanded now no worship of the host, no falling down before the element of our own creating. The Church,, as it is now "built upon the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief corner-stone," requires of us merely to eat bread and drink wine as a sacrificial thanksgiving, that we "may shew the Lord's death till He come and'heireinwe are required, each one in his individual capacity, each one inasmuch as he is , the creature of God, and a member of Christ/ to contribute to the glory of his Creator, the stability of his Church, the jpuiity1 of his religion, and the, memory of Christ crucified. ...'./i,/'! ; W e eat and drink the bread and .wine, not as the real body and blood, but as the outward and visible sign of an' inward and spiritual grace ; we hope : that the soul within shall be strengthened and refreshed by the' spiritual communion which we have hi the body broken and in the blood shed, ' even as outwardly our bodies are refreshed by the nourishment conveyed to them by the bread and wine. We come to the table' with hearts replenished' and sustained by faith ; that, faith not super- stitiously excited, or with any degree of fanciful enthusiasm; but : reasonably eh- livehed, and ' moved; by the 'symbols', thus : placed before us of the sacrifice of the Son of .-God. . . | ' We behold and taste the broken bread, it recalls to our memory that' solemn and | tremendous hour when the Lord of life, Christ, Jesus our .Redeemer, was, led by the hands of wicked men, and crucified and slain. We behold Him, represented ' to our imagination, scourged and maligned ; J we see, the accusation written , over " The | King of the Jews ;" we behold His ; mother . weeping at the cross ; we hear the blaspheming ( Jews, . " He saved others ; : Himself He cannot save.!' We behold ; and drink the poured-out wine ; fresh, j scenes for contemplation pass before us : it i!ecalls to ,our memory the blood 'that was shed by , Jesus Christ; we remember " that without sprinkling of blood there is no remission of sins j" and we remember that that sprinklihg has been made ;' the spear cast by the heedless soldier; the : blood aud water issuing from the wound ; : the thirsting lips, the sponge and hyssop full of vinegar ; all : these are vividly be- , fore our . imagination, while again we hear the blaspheming ; Jews,, : " Let- alone let us see whether 'Elias will come to save' ! Him." We follow Him from place to place, from the scourge to the cross, from His . passion to; , His death ; we hear the complaining 'words, "Eli, Eli, - lama sabacthani." . , ' ' W e ' weep with Him, we pray with Him,' we watch Him, until, faint and weary/ the spirit is resigned, into the hands of its Creator, and the last solemn words of the Son of God are heard, " It is ffnished." ' ' ' /. With all these awful thoughts, and; yet with a joyful hope in the; express annun ciation1 of 'Jesus : " Whoso -eateth My flesh and drinketh My blood hath eternal life, and I shall raise him up at the last day with 'Hearts full of sorrow at the dreadful price of the ransom that was needed,. i.coupled with spiritual love for Him that paid the ransom ; full of joy, full of hope, full of the Holy Ghost, detoending, .as we may not unreasonably hope,. 'to complete the work begun, to sanctify, to strengthen, and to bless— we approach the' holy feast— we taste and see how - gracious the Lord is-r-we do.it; in; xemem brance of Christ. 