ITEMS OF NEWS. The niail for England will close at the Post- office on Wednesday riiorniug, at 7 o'clock. : Newspapers can bo posted till Yo'clock on Tues day evening. The Boarding-out Committee i will ' meet this : afternoon at 3 o'clock, when foster narents will : receive payment for the last month's mainten ance of their young charges. . Mr Grace having taken the stock which was not destroyed by fire at a valuation from the insurance companies, has resolved upon clearing it out by auction. Sale to commence on Saturday, and be continued on Tuesday. The . undermentioned persons are requested to call at the . Sub-treasury, Barker- street,: for! payment of their respective accounts: — Brown; T. S., Hospital, Jones W. , Aitken J., Belot J., ! Conlon E., Heilder A.', M'Grath T., Rowe R.," Newton I., Christophers H. : The deputation appointed at the public meet-! ing, held in the Castleraaine Hotel, on Tuesday' night, will.wait on the Borough.Council this af- ! ternoon, to urge the claims of the Oostlemaine: Cricket Club, and to ask the Council to : endea vour to obtain frpm'the.Governmeiit the conces sion they require. ... Mrs Yandell; died :on ''.Wednesday: night, at' the residence of her eon," Mr A. C. Yandell.! She had. : attained her eightieth year, twenty-! seven of which she spent in the colony ; throe; in Adelaide,: and tweiity-fonr; in Oastlomaino.i She had a family. of seven sons, and only one; daughter, which died at an early ago. She was, not only a grandmother, but "'great grand- 1 mother. She was married 54 years ago, and' has left.bbhind.her; husband, in Hhe enjoyment! of strength and good health. The Tarrangower Times of yesterday reports :; —The North Eaglehawk United, 'Maldon. from'' their last crushing of 123 torisj obtained -250oz' lOdwt retorted gold ;';Eddy ' and" Co:: had '2£oz from: 3 tons stuff ; Dunn arid1 -,Oo'.!, ; 13 ':'tons: yielded lOioz.j Uymru Co. (Newell; and! Co.), 3 tons yielded 7oz 3dwt ; Williams, yic'toria Reef, 4 ton yielded! 2oz.7dwt j Dunn! and Co., 12: tons;. 8oz 13dwt ; MtKay, Beehive Reefy 6 tons',' loz 8dwt. : . : i : /. .,1 . . .; A most indiscreet act was comrriittod by one of the employes (says ' the ' Geelorig ' Advertiser) at the railway-Btation on' Tuesday;eveiiing: V He roughly 'dragged;a:dr'unkeri.'; woman !qf,respeet4 able appearance . tro'in the ticket-Window along the platform," arid' finally!! bu'ndle'd:; her, into a second-olaiss carriage in . the train" about to start for Molbou rne: Such conduct as this is deserving of censure) for a''drurikeri;'pers6ri' as'a passenger! in a railway, carriage ' is ; any thing but an agree-' able companion. The passengers protested against the woriian being allowed in the carriage,' arid she was afterwards ' buridled'!'out';'agairi ? and! taken ; off v to the- watch-house, by .Constable' White) '; j One ..would think that a man who had bolted; fromjiome after having- embezzled money "from! his employers would hot! tempt Providence by sho wing . himself , on , a. pier . at . which . anybody! sent after hirii' would probably land. ' This (says! the Geelori'g' Advertiser), however, is just what' an;iridiyidual nariied'Thoriias Camerori Oiriso did' on/Monday!'! Having forged a receipt' forL'252y and embezzled L230 2s, whilst accouritarit for! the.town.nf Middlesborpugli;; in. the riortlrrid-: ingi of- Yorkshire, he started for Australia in the' Bhip Highflyer, under the name of 'Gaacoigne.j On Monday he must noeds go, don to the' Sandridgo pier to witness the arrjval of the mail stoamer, "and was. im!mediately)ictentified- and' arrested by Sergea'nt;Asphe,.of.j the!Middlesbo-' rough police, who had been sent out to look! after him. It is stated the total defioienoy iri his accounts, up to December 31st, amounted to L2403. - Steps will be taken for his transmission baok to Yorkshire. With respect to the 'Possum-liill rush, M'ln- ffy Wp'Sj the Dunolly Express writes : — On Friday evening last Mr P. Frayne and party arrived in Dunolly with two nuggots, weighing resoectivoly 158oz lOdwt and 41oz ffdwt 12gr— over 200oz. Beside these, the same party unearthed a bit of 7oz a few days previously. Earlier in the day, news arrived of the result of crushing 10 tons of cement tailings from Mosoly's prospecting claim at Deason's crushing-mill, Moliagul, viz., 28oz lOdwt. The washdirt in thiB claim has, wo be hove, averaged over 2oz to tho load. On Satur day night a report was curront that a Chinaman had got a 201b nugget at tho rush, and on Mon day we learnt that another Chinaman had got a good prospect, viz., Goz to the bucket. Another Chinese party got two nuggots, one woighing 8oz and tho other 40oz, altogether 41b weight. Another party obtainod over 30oz for the day's washing. After the arrival of the train 011 Mon day, tho road was very lively with yohiclos- and men on foot bound for the rusfiV" J The curator of intestate estates has obtained rules to administer the estates of the following persons :— Jeremiah White, Mount Franklin, May 8, 1867, L490 ; Alice Middelmiss, Mount Franklin, June 19, 1875, LI 63 6s 8tl. , The racing colours of tho Prince of Wales ap pear for .the first time in the new volume of tho Racing Calendar. They are — "Purple body with jgold braid,' scarlet sleeves, and black velvet cap, witli 'goldiringe1"." Three lads of respeotablo parentage, says the Ballarat; Star, ;were filled at the Town Police Court, on .Monday in the comparatively 'heavy ,penalty)of..Ll, with 5s costs; for having thrown missiles at a Chinese, , i . The Ballarat Courier says : — Messrs Thomson and Ross,; liorse dealers; brought to Ballarat . on! Friday ' a; pony ; which'is said' to be; the smallest in' the world.. 'It stands only twentyTone in-' chos high) 'arid it is rio riioriothari four feet long. Its rigo is fiyo years. ' It is broken in for saddle and harness., . ' " !.! '. . ; The Times oMndia reports that ou tho l8th February; ot:, the : Girgaum Police Court; 'Mr- Henry: Burton;, an actor in - tho employment of Mr G. B. Lewis, late of Melbourne) was fined 40 rupees for'assaulting!Mr Lewis. The alleged; provocation' Kvas sonio Vdisrospecitful wqrds'|;ut-i tered in'rogard to a lady. . '.The assault'oonsisted'; of several blows with a :riialacca cane iiifiictcd! while Mr Lewis was'sitting in the dress cii'ole.pf! the theatre in Bombay) - " - : ' The' aboriginals at Corandorrk' recently ad-i ministered a vory sevpre defea t to a Melbourne'; crioketirig eleven' by boating them in/one 'in-! nings, with.ll runs to spare. Their) agility in, the field was something surprising. ; iri Siinsom: they possessed a very good ronnd-arm bowler,| and their hitting nower was extraordinary.' One man hit: the ball such. a heigut, that lib had' coramenced his third run beforo it touohe'd the; ground again. j : The'.' Insurance Record of February |4 an-! nounces'that Mr 1. Juques Martin, the manag-i ing director of tlie Colonial Mutual Life Assur ance Society), - was on Monday, 'January 31r: elected an associate of the institute of actuaries! of Great:Britairi aricVIrelarid.' ;Mr: ;Martin has! been for over 20 years cohriectod withitho insur-i ance interests of these" colonies) havirig entnrod i the local office.of the Northern Assurance pom-! pany.in 1854. . )' Our 'obitnary !" romark3 yesterQay'a Adverti ser,'.' contains the' notice of !the"deatli_of „Mr G. \ A. Fletcher, after a lingering illness of many riiontlis duration. - Mr Fletcher was so long and intimately connected with the1 history of •Sand hurst -'that his death breaks' a! . 'a iink between 'the-present and the past'. 1 Mr . Fletcher's 'con nection1 with11 Sandhurst commenced on itri 'first establishmont aa a municipality under' Captain Clarke's Act) iri 1855,' ; He ' made .the - first valuation, having:.! p'revibiisly riridertakon !.the 'sairio,, .duty iri rioriiiection with Emerald,;! Hill, and ; we j believe other suburban munioipalites. By a large circle of friends Mr Fletcher will be long and. sincerely mourned,: A strict; discipli-; narian , he was essentially a 'kind-hearted ! man j there is' no" 'officer of the ' Council,' from .'the" highest to" the) humblest, by whom he was not regarded ;witli 'esteem arid affection. It is pain- fulito think that his latter years were clouded with: sorrows) "which; abridged ; a life')sb' justly dear to his ffamily and friends.- ; ! ' ; ' !'' >. 1 : A correspondent sends the Star the following: .—".Tho once ; flourishing town of Sebastopol presents :;in,, spme;:parts ! a ; very forlorn arid de serted appearance - well-formed streets , and footpaths with grass growing! thereon denuded of houses'; shops and hotels uninhabited) or in the process of removal. ' Tho general loneliness by- contrast , of 'the 'place has a very depressing efi'eot on even a easuaLvisitor— muolr'niore on the few unfortunate1- residents who " ore com pelled to remain: :';But;yet iii.fi'pe weather the openings) thus made) .' make ! the place ; in that respect more pleasant) and the numbers of small .birds that ; vUit! the gardens aro.astpnisliing, as well as the 'sivans, ducks, and other; wild fowl on the dams. : There, is also a remarkable number of .poor, houseless .cats, left behind by former residents, and, strange to say; the mice have in- oreased enormously in and about the few houses left in these deserted regions; It is a wonder that they are not' kept down ' bjr their natural enemies ; but) probably, the 'eats find the sriiall buds'' more (dainty morsels. Tlibso Bohemian eats sometimes; make night hideous, with their unearthly Howls.',. .'But the fworst nuisahbe'is the eyer-inereasirig.lnumbers , Of vagabond, home less, uriowrificl, and 1 uricared for goats. They rove about, the borough in flocks of about a score or so; each, oatmp all the herbage tliat ought to belong to and he sufficient for the odd cowB and goats.which are, fortunate enough to have legiti- mato owners." ! ' v-X. "A coritributor 'to the Sydney Mail say's .pf.' th'e new plant called alfalfa, .from California, .'that' it is a yollow ' lucerne, and givos the!following in- formation from a: Mr Desmond, whose know ledge :of 1 farming is ; extensive :—?' Mr' Desmond says that alfalfa requires deep, black, rich soil, j and this . must be well ploughed ; and if then a grubber is put across it oriee or twice)' so' ;rriueh the better. You cannot pulverise the soil too well, or'two deeply) The best time to sow it' is early in the fall, End it 'will .thrive better and last longer when it is sown vvitli a grain crop, especially barley. The grain crops protect it from the sun and frost until it has had time to get hold of". tho'Jarid with ,-its"; taproots!; oats or wheat .will do, .but .barley. is to. be .preferred. He' (Mr .Desmond); used, 201h bf seed to the acre,! and. says, that if so wn in drills and thinly lit bears1 few leaves and the stalks become woody' Once1 the main ; crop— rbarloy or oats— is reaped, the! alfalfa eomes forward rapidly, the stubble form- i ing capital mulchinjg. When intended for hay, .'itanust-.be out at blossoming time, and laid at once into winrows — it requires no tossing— arid fronr winrowa into stacks, small ones. It will dry ' in them, and in this process consists the whole art of making alfalfa hay. If you intend pasturing your alfalfa crop, yon should divide it by fences of some kind, as it will not stand close cropping, and stock must not be kept for a long time in any one part of it, or it will die out." Tho Telegraph romarks that the Brough Smyth board of inquiry sat again on Tuesday, . and made considerable progress towards the coniplotion of its labours. Prior to taking the evidence of tho witnesses called by Mr Smyth, a complaint was made by Mr Stewart that' the, other side had not supplied him with a list , of the witnesses to bo examined. This he pointed out was a direct breach of faith, as a promise had been distinctly givoti that the names of the witnesses would bo submitted at least some hours before they wore caliod, and the non-fulfilment of the promise had placed him at a considerable disadvantage. TI10 chair man fully endorsed tho remarks of Mr Stewart, arid reflected on the discourtesy which Mr Smyth's, advisers hod displayed in tho matter. The board then settled itself down to hoar the ovidonco of tho wituoosos which Mr Smyth caliod. They did not improve his case how- over, for of all persons in the department they know least about Mr Smyth. Two of thorn wore not employed in tho office at all, but had boon brought over from tho Government Print ing Office, to which they wereattnehed, although nominally under the orders of tho secretary for Mines. Of course they knew nothing person ally against Mr Smyth, and they did not fail to say so, but tho ghost of a smiio was visible on more faces than one in the room wlion the cross- oxamination by Mr Stewart elicited the naive confessions as to tho scene of their labours. Mr Smith's advisers persisted in -examining only junior officers during the early part of tho sitting, and the quostion was asked why they did not at once proceed to the point, and ex amine the hoads of tho respective branches. Later on, several seirior officers were examined but their testimony was, for the most part' rather damaging, to the soorotary than otlier- I wiBo. " " ' ' " "| ' The!' WalgoW 1 correspondent of the Maitlond Mercury ; writes : — "Tommy Doyle," an abori ginal) was)brought up at the police court, and 'charged by! Constable Ohadwick with murdoring oho " Tiger)"'another aboriginal, at Gingi. Tho accused acknowled his guilt, by ; stating that " he killed Tiger because Tiger was going to kill him." About 1 o'clock on Tuesday morning, a eon-/ stable on duty in Leveson-street, Carlton, heard cries of "Police!" and on proceeding to tho Dublin hotel, in that thoroughfare, foundainan, named George Hidor, stretched on the footpath, helplessly intoxicated. With the assistance of another member of tho force, says the Tele graph, tho man was taken to the city watch- house, when .he was looked up. on a charge of drunkenness. Ho appeared to bo suffering froni:.. mortal illness, and was subsequently taken to . the Melbourne Hospital, whore be died. . -. Tho evil effects of Chinese gambling are' at tracting attention, riot only in Victoria,, but in Canton. , ' On 'the 11th February) we learn' from the North Chiria'Honild, the Viceroy and Lieu-) .tenant-Governor . posted proclamations/outside . the oityr prohibiting, all, kinds of . gambling. , The proclamation 3'et forth. the baneful influences of! ,the. prabtice of jgainblingifftud; attribute iitspre- 1 valence to the fact of tlie petty officers roeeiv- ; ing black mail) arid tho reliance the gamblers in; cousequehce'VplaceSupori them ' for ' .protection. Any '.'officer'! discovered indulging in any irregu larities of this kind will, the notice states, be rigorously punished. " Anglo- Australian,!' in the European Mail, says):— ?' The. existing;ariomalous state of things in regard to.Oustom3.duo3 lipori wino is'likely .to receive' attentioh'du ring the present Session of Parliament) , ' .'This will be. news for the wine manufacturers /of Australia, who ace actually shut! out' of ;this?market owing to. the, iiicousis- tenoy of tlie dues as appplied to the) alcoholic test.:!, 'Lbokirig,; therefore, upon! ''the restriction as ariiJirijustice, Mr Arkwright has given notice in tlie ;Hbuse ' of Obninions that he' will . apply for a coriiiriittee'to iriquire into the presont sys tem j!of levying Customs duties on wine. In the faot.!that)Mr Arkwright- is' a Ooiisdrvativo wo inay-perhaps gather evidence of fa desire 011 the part. of '.the .Government ;tordo. the colonies justibe. in ...'this;,motter.\' !For:!soirie)..ybars our commercial relations with France, Spain, and Portugal have led us to treat our colonies with manifest injustice ; . but now that the colonies aro boobmirig'a'power'in tlie world) arid we have a Govern men t ; friendly ."io their :;dbv;blbp'meut arid cbhsblidatibu) there ) is gbod reason to hope that we 'may'see) "such a Revision . iri') tlie wine tariff as.will admit the natural wines at the Is rate. It is to -be ;;hbped, Uherefore, itlmt those who. are interested ; in this questiou, will corii- municate .with Sir,.. Arkwright1 forthwith, ' arid supply him with suchevidence.as cannot fail to show the absurdity as:. well' as the injustice, of the. present system!" ). ))) By the'incoming mail steamer file's hiive been, received ) of: the -New York.': Weekly 'Herald; froni which we take the following.with regard'to the. Centennial Rifle Matches) 'to'' 'be' Held' 'at Philadelphia. It appears that' the- National Rifle Association of Great 1 Britain'- cbrist'rued the irivitatioii which had been issued . by tho American asspciatiori,. so that ' the) /Imperial, team should represent .G roat Britainj'aud b'lra) land, -, thus .forming a . combined tearii of:. such strength that; it would be almost, a ; matter of aertainty that. no other team from any other part of the . world would have much show ; of successfully competing for the championship of the world. - The National Association of Great Britain- nominated Sir Henry Halford to make the- preliriiiriary arrangements for choosing this Imperial ' tearii ( that1 -gentleman, however) found that Scotland had accepted the American phallerige on their own behalf, and is going to send' ri; !tpam of Scotchmen to Philadelphia; while.orie association: at least in Ireland— the IJlsUr' Riflh Association— has also "accepted : the invitation ori behalf ol Irolaud ; thoreupon the National Asspciatiori requests, that Amorica will not accept, tliese responses, but that an Im perial team only should be recognised. - This' has been declined by . the Americana, their in vitation havirig beon general, and /they, are de; termined to accept all-comera from all quarters of the globe.'1'1 They look :for eii> Australian team as a hiatter of certainty, 'thougb they could not possibly, have- heard yet itliat-. such a team; was in formation, >andb:hadi been: .' de termined' upon:1' The fact ;that Great' ;,Britairi arid Ireland" will 'send three "or foriri'teanis in crease's the chance of1 the; 'Australiiirisl v It ;re- : niains'to bo1 Beeirwhether the Victorian 'public : willrio 'encourage arid assist the matter' b'y' their ) suhse'riptioris) that. the best i "' Fu'rtlier parfciculara are given in tho Olevelarid i Bay Express respecting the loss of', tfid "ste'ainer | Banslieo, wrecked on Oape Sand\riob)'Hiribhiiii brooklsiand, on March ' 26. , Tlie A.S.'N".'' 'Ooi's steamier Dugorig was despatched to 'the sce'riepf tlie1 .disaster : on March 24, witli tho object, of jie; bp vering any tiling ! of value whioii. 'might' ' have been washed ashore, and also of burying' any 'Jiieslj(ingaffiorif|'(ri,rocks.".\iph'',j(tt9:)foild.ir-: iiig' morning the ; steamer reached ,/tlie)!, wreck; which was lying inside, Eya'.'Roblc)'. near )Ramr say Bay. Lying on the' shore' )bri! W patbli' of sand two dead bodies werofound in an advanced stage' of ' decoriipbsition)'' Oho 1 was that':'of a female, who, was .partly .buried, in the sand which had washed over her1; the o'tfier that of ; a man. The female, was supposed to be Mrs ; Matheson j 'the man 'was ideritifibd as the fire). \- man, jjatnes Simpson. The funeral service was ; read elver the bodies, which were then decently buried. After a fatiguing olanibor of a quarter of a mile, ;tlio searching party 1 at length' reached - the vessel. The full extent of the dire , peril ! of the living freight of the ill-fated vessel was ; only now apparent. Huge rooks rose perpon- I dieularly from the water to a height of from' 20 1 to 40 feet; These were in most oases -oleft by , huge chasms, out of- which, if : onco thrown in , by the waves, no one could hope to bo rescued. ; Tliese rookB were so slippery that no hold could be maintained 011 them. The only hope of gaining the summit could be. by the ledge-like .formation of some of them. Between" these black, slimy) pinnacles were - great holes with deep water to the base of the boulders. Escape hence if 'once in the water would appear hope less) and 'yet- at this very spot the luckless Banshee met lier fate. Engine, boiler, and ship are on. three different rocks. High ubove all the remains of the vessel hang 011 a pinnacle of; rook, which is driven through hor. It was this rock which drovo out tho boilor and engine. All that remains of hor i3 a portion of the upper deck, togotlier with about three streaks of her copper. The boiler lies 011 a ledgri of rock lower down than tho vessel's hull, aridithe engine between tho two, still lower, down. - To recover those would bo a labour of some diffi culty and expense. Tlie united value of engine and boiler when placod on board the vessel was LI, 700. Tho wreck will probably be sold in bydnoy, for the benofit of the insurance com pany and the owners. Nothing further was found at the acone of tho wreck, oxceptsa few mutilated portions of sheep and horses, and broken pieces of the ship. Tho Shakers aro building their filth tent at their encampment at Hordlo. The four they already possess are now substantial erections, iheir circumstances soom to bo improving ; their now tent is considerably larger than any of tlie others. Thoy say that when tho New Forest Lodge again becomes theirs thoy shall want all those tents to supply the places of tho chapel and outbuildings taken down by the presont ). ) r"oy havo endnrod much hardship through the winter, but there is 110 serious case of illness among them. Mrs Girling has been invited to make another preaching)tour, but has refused to do so. \- M.n. JonHgoN was called to' tho bar in ; tho United States when only u:netson years old \- ' " ' .- j 