MUCKROSS ABBEY AKD IffNIS- FALLEN* CKARLES WARREN STODDARD has " done " the town of Killarney, and give* his impressions thereof in the Chronicle. He thus speaks of Innisfallen and MUCKROSS ABBEY. The monks have been at rest theBe hundred years ; the roof has fallen to decay, and in the open nave the . grass }ias spread like a carpet under foot, and the ferns hang like ragged tapeBtrieB from the chinks in the wall. I doubt if there is any ruin more charming than this ; it iB not extensive ; it is simply complete and satisfying. The trees reach in through the unglazed windows and shake boughs with the saplings that are sprouting within—very proper and very pretty saplings, that grow close to the high altar and have reason to be spruce and fair to see. That dim cloister at Muckross, how it haunts me! There is a great yew tree growing out of the heart of it and covering the whole with a green roof of leaves. The light that steals into this cloister is so •oft and sentimental—shall I use the word ? — that one easily imagines the rooks tojbe the ghosts of the old monks complaining at the sacrilegious trespass of mere sight-seers, sudh as myself for instance. The various tenantless, and now untenable chambers are pointed out by the custodian; but he hurries you from ruin to ruin so that you get but a <3LIMF8E OP THE CLUSTERED CROSSES In the yard where the dead lie, and the rooks scold at you with hoarse voices for your worldly and careless intrusion. Muckross Abbey is like a petrified sight J It is the sweetest and the sombrest, and the most heartrending ruin imaginable. It is like a torn volume of .a sacred .history, or broken statue of a saint; there is not enough of it to console you in the loss of that which is gone for ever ; there is too much of it remaining to permit you to forget the magnitude of your less. The flutter and the fall of leaveB in the gusts.of warm south wind ; a cloister full of shadows; a chapel crowded with weeds breast-hijih; a refectory haunted of bees and _ blossoms; a crumbling tower, with the ivy folded about it like a mantle, and a crowd of rooks olamouring overhead— such is the Abbey as I remember it after hours and hours of wholesome loafing that made me familiar with almost every stone in it. INNISFALLEN. Sweet Innisfallen, fare thee well 1 A verdant island with a ruined monastery scattered over it; winding paths skirt the irregular shores. Every tree grows here, and every charm of nature seems reproduced in little somewhere within its wave washed borders. There have been battles and monks massacred, but how long it seems ! Now there cannot be found a more peaceful retreat; and with the lap of its waves in my ears, and photoB of its myriad fluttering leaves and the rustle of the hoof of the sheep that feed here; I think of the day, twelve hundred years ago, when St. Finian founded his abbey, and I wonder if he realized then that he was building for the moment, as it were, Sweet Innisfallen, faro thee well; May calm and sunshine long be thine. How fair thou art let others tell, While but to feel how fair be mine ! That is Tom, again j forgive me. I sleep with the "Melodies" under my pillow these nights. Perhaps I do like Killarney better than I thought; but I might like it better than I do if it were not so solemn. Ireland is the saddest, the most tearful, the lonesomest spot on the face of the globe; at least, I am beginning to think so. 