THE WEEKS NEWS. SHEEP TBPCKS -Mr. WDHams has intimated that lis wfll move in the Assembly on Wednee d$ <hat;the Government should tucb immediate "steps to provide properly constructed Mb for aQ railways on which sheep traffic exista. NORWOOD BAFTIB* CHUBCH.-An entertain ment in connection with the above was held on Thursday evening, July 20, for the benefit of the Church organ fond* There was a crowded attendance, and Mr. 8. D. Glvde prodded. The entertainmentopened with a few remarks by the Chairman, followed by a solo on the organ by Mr. T. H. Jones, and a daet entitled " Tell me not of morning breaking," by Mrs. 8. Harris and Mr. T. Bray, after which the Rev. HT J. Lambert delivered an able lecture "Number One and what to make of ft." In introducing bis subject, the lecturer explained that Number One was what a man was and not what was attached to him. Spme people, were fond of adorning their bodies, bat there was a more important part of Number One, namely, the soul. In commencing the eeoond part of hiB lecture, the rev. gentleman said that, we should cultivate ourselves for "the sake of othe-s, and do this by reading with reflection. Young men would find, more real enjoyment after ahard day's work in a walk through,the fields, and afterwards aqukt hour's reading, Ithan spending.their time in .the billiard-room or the public dancing-room. We should not only cultivate clearness of thought, but seek also a ready expression of our thoughts. He concluded by urging on the audience to use the talents they had, and to uee them at once. Mr. Lamtart wm heartily applauded on taking his seat. After a solo by Mr. Jones, and songs by Mrs. Harris, Bliss Vandepeer, Mr. Bray, and Mr. Shanks, the entertaiment closed with the National Anthem. MATTAWABBANGALA RUN.-On Wednesday, July 20, Mr. E. M. Bagot offered at auction this sheep' run for sale, but, the highest bid being only 3s. per head, the property was withdrawn. STOCK Pubchash.-We are informed that Mr. Henry Gartrell, of Weepowie, has purchased the draught entire hone Young Superior from Mr. Thomas Cullens at a high figure. BEV. W. E. BOTTBILL.-We learn that the Bev. W. E. Bottrill, formerly of this colony, but latterly of Begenfs Park College, London, has accepted an invitation to the pastorate of the General Baptist Church, Todmorden, Yorkshire. VICTORIA COUKSINS CLUB.-Hie running for the Waterloo Cup-the first prize in which is 4500, and the >second £200-began on July 17, at Sunbury, when there was a very large atten dance of spectators. The amount of interest excited in this event is second only to that centred in the Melbourne Cup. Our 8outh Australian entries-Baffler and Screwdriver seem to have been disposed of early, but we have no particulars to hand as to what sort of a show they made in their trials. He stake-as will be seen on. reference to the telegraphic column-now Jiea between four. dogs-Winder mere, Cockatoo, Mies Walker, and Bed Rosa none of which were first favourites. The final result will be decided to-day. DEATH OP THE BEV. G. Hickson.-We notice from the Ireland DaUyEzpras that the Bev. George Hickson died at Kingstown, on the 23rd of May last, aged 79 years. The deceased gentleman was the father ot Mr R. Hickson, the recently-appointed Engineer of Harbours for South Australia. WAHTS OF SOUTHEBN YOBKE'S PENINSULA. Mr. George Hannaford, at the request'of a large' number of residents, has convened a meeting at YorketowD, on July 29, "to consider thejadvisa bility, of forming. an Agricultural Society for Southern Yorke'a Peninsula; also our relation to the Local Board of Main.Boads, and various other matters." SUDDEN DEATH AT TABCOWIE.-A correspon dent, writing under date July 16, states that Mr. Keogh, a well - known farmer residing .at Tarcowie, died very suddenly on Tuesday after noon, July 11, having only been taken ill on the preceding Sunday. Thinking an inquest would be necessary three persons went to Laura to give information to the police-trooper who was stationed there, and aleo to get the doctor to nee the deoeased, but both trooper and doctor refuted to have anything to do with the matter. " There is not," our correspondent thinks, "the least doubt that the deceased died from natural causes, but still we think great negligence has been shown." POET WAKEFIELD RAILWAY.-On Thursday, July 13, the longJooked-for locomotive with passenger train from Hoyleton was brought to a stand-Sill at the Port terminus, thus terminating (the local Times remarks) the excuses that the tramway hitherto is -not in sufficient Repair to accommodate goods and passenger trains. The officials and others connected with the managing. department "were cordially received and " ban queted"'in the usual Port style. Mr. J. S. Antkony, J.P., ably filled the chair, and. the usual loyal toasts were drunk and responded to. As many as six. vessels and. two steamers happened to be loading in the port at the time, ' and these with all their bunting Out made a sho w that evidently surprised the. strangers that .were' in the town. THE BABBIT Nuibahce.-At a tneieting. held at Eudunda on Monday, July 17, to discuss the rabbit nuisance, Mr. D.- Moody stated that in wheat alone the losses he had sustained from the ravages of rabbits amounted to between £2,000 and £3,000. A GHOST STOBT.-The Kapunda Herald is responsible for the following:-"Haunted houses and ghost stories usually belong to old countries, and indeed the exercise of common serse has served to cause such superstitious farcies to be exploded there. There has, how ever, unfortunately been provident in Kapunda for the last week or two a ghost story arising out of the malicious action of some person who no doubt conceives he is playing a brilliant part when he succeeds in frightening women or' children. For some-time past those whose busi neps, &c.;, has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occasionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white passing within sight, and as Mr. Richards was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon set down as his ghost. Mrs. W. Tackfield, amongst others, was greatly frightened by such an appearance early on Saturday evening s she was co ming into the main street. When he was ne ar the mill office the figure in white rose up out Of the new culvert, crossed the road, and entered the plantation. This occurrence gave Mrs. Tuckfield a very severe shock, and in addition to those who have been frightened by seeing it, numbers of children have been greatly frightened by hearing exaggerated accounts of it. The police spent one or two nights in the neigh bourhood, watching for tide -would -be-thought : ghostly visitant; but we presume his ghostship cannot bear to be near the gentlemen in blue, j Practical joking of almost any kind is objection able, and this is both senseless and highly i dangerous. A shock might In this way be instan taneously inflicted on persons of nervous tem perament the evil results of which would be life long in duration. We understand that efforts are being made to catch this senseless joker, and if, as we trust will be case, these are successful, we hope his captors will give him a good sousing in the dirtiest part of the dam, and a good hiding into the bargain. We should be the last to advocate an illegal assault on any person, but as this person wishes' to be taken for a ghost he . should receive ghastly treatment, and the water test would effectually settle the question as to the spiritual or material nature of this nocturnal visitant. If he belongs to the former order it won't hurt him; if to the latter he fully deserves all the injury he may reoeive." CENTRAL ROAD BOARD.-The first meeting of the Local Board of Main Roads, Central Dis trict, was held on Thursday, July 20, and Mr. Alfred HaQett was unanimously elected Chair man for the ensuing year. Thb Wbeck or THE AGNES.-The following letter has been handed to ua for publication: "To Captain Ferguson, President Marine Board.-Dear Sir-1 wish to render you my sincere thanks for your energy (and the help of the. Almighty) in rescuing the remainder of the crew of my ill-fated barque Agnes, commanded : by Captain Hans Smldt. I have just come back from Sydney. I had been putting the vessel In thorough repair and re-classing her.^ She* cost me from £700 to £800. The vessel was just insured twe mouths ago for £2,000-price of first cost. - With this, dear Sir, I am doing all that lays in my power to reward lifeboat's crew for their bravery, and also to get a little olothing for the unfortunate wrecked mem With this, dear Sir, I must conclude, hoping the Almighty will long spare you to carry out the duties which rest upon you.-Yours truly, P, MANUEL, late owner of the ill-fated barque Agnes." BEWABD FOB BRAVEBY.-A short time ago a team of four valuable horses belonging to Mr. P. Gait, of Allandale, bolted in Main-street, Eapunds, with the wagon to which they were attalehed, while the driver was away from them for a few moments. The man, wheee name is McKenzie, In his anxiety to save his master's property clung to the vehicle, and after pro longed endeavours, during which the wheel caught him several times, succeeded in gaining possession of the reins. Mr, J. Mullen and several other witnesses of the scene considered that the man's conduct was worthy of recog nition, and a subscription being raited a small sum of money was privately handed to him on Wednesday, July 19. Mr. McKenzie's employer has expressed his intention to double the cmonnt cclleoted. WAGOH ACCTOBR. -On Tueed»y, July 11, Mr. Wn. Goode, J.P., held an enquiry at the Aiafcipn R««b«i into the drctunstanoee Kttendinsr the dMft of ChifcBaa Bohulz. Mr. Stewart offieiated>aa foreman of the Jaiy. The deoeated had»Hfaxee weeks lufofee the acci dent, been appointed aa Statlonman at Aiding* under the Central BoadBosrd. and had engaged Thomas XfaOaon, a farmer, at Tadey'a mil, ti> takB MrEamflyandfoni&are; from Map py Valley to Aldioga. They .were on their way to Aldinga, Mil Schulz «nJ nunily tiding on the furniture wagon with Thomas KeQson, while deceased row behind with Herman Brasser, of (Henelg, who was on his way for a ioad^of hay. Whetr near'Maslin's, at Koarlanga* deoaaapd got out of Braner's wagon, and it appeared after walking alongside Neilson's dray and talking to his wife be attempted to get on the wagon while it was in motion. His wife told him to be careful, and he add "All right" He then pat his foot on tiie skid of the wheel and took hold of a bench to draw himself up. The rope, however, "having filadked, his weight brought the bench oVer and he went with it and fell under the near tfde wheel of the wagon. Mr. NeQaon at onee (tot down, and Mrs. Sobulz followed immediately after to attend to deoeased. He was pat in Brasser'e wagon on some ohaff and taken to Aldlnga, bat hid died, however, before he got there: He was sober at the tune of the acci dent, and it seemed -was a steady and temperate man. The Jury returned t vsrdiot that deceased was accidentally killed by falling while attempt ing jto get on the wagon when in ^motion, the wheel passing over the lower part-of his body, and teat no blame could be attached to any person. DBOWKED AT SEA.-During the voyage of the'Tullochgorum, from New Zealand, a youth named James Thompson was lost overboard on June 19. The order having been given to take in the topgaUanteail he was Bent up to furl; bat although there was but little wind, and the vessel was head-reaching easily, he fell headlong intcjthesea. The master at once gave orders to round-to, and a-boat was lowered and polled as near as possible to the spot, but without success. The lad could not swim, and he was never seen again. He was very smart, had been in the vessel some time, and was well liked by all on board. ACCIDENT.-A dreadful accident occurred on Tuesday, July 11, to a boy aged 11 years, named Edgar L. Lock, son of Mr. S. Look, residing at MQficent. The Border Watch says:He. oaught bold of the hind part of a tip-dray loaded with sand, apparently with the intention of getting up on it. The dray was not propped behind, and the boy's weight over-balanced it. It fell on his left leg;' inflicting a coihpound com minuted fracture below the knee. The boy was taken to the Hospital, where he is now under treatment. The wound is a large and dan gerous one." ? T^EOWN FBOM A HOBS E.-Mr. Wm. Dyer, of South Balaklava, met with an unfortunate aooi dentlate on the evening of Julyll. He was returning home after a. visit in the neighbour hood when his horsB shied, and coming in con tact with a fence he was thrown. _ His thigh bone was broken, and he received slight Injuries in the arm. Dr. Roes, of Port Wakefield^was called in, and he set the limb. The patient, under his care, is progressing favourably. ACCIDENT TO A MATT. COACH.-The horses attached to the mail-coach, which arrived at Crafers on Thursday afternoon, July 13, bolted froth that place to the Aid gate Pump, when they stopped by running into a bank. It ap pears that a fresh team of five herses had been fastened to the conveyance, and while: the driver was; esgaged at the Bkid on the ground, the' reins were entrusted to a passen ger on the box. The inside passengers had taken their seats, and the outside* were about to do so, when the animals became restive, knocked down a man who tried to stop them, and bolted with the omnibus. Some of the ladies | and gentlemen jumped out, and were picked up by a coach which followed the runaways. The passengers who remained in the- vehicle were uninjured, but those who jupiped out were more or less bruised and shaken. Among the passen gers was the Rev. J. Henderson, of St. Andrew's Church. SUDDEN DEATH.-We regret to record the sudden death of Mr. E. Martin, an old and highly-esteemed Government officer. It is stated that Mr. Martin was working in bis farden at Unley Park on Saturday night,_ July 5, when he complained of a severe pain in his head, and retired into the house, where he died almost immediately, of apoplexy, it is supposed. . The deceased gentLenufii had been engaged in the office of the Commissioner of Police as Chief Clerk for 24 years. The body was interred in West-terrace Cemetery on Monday afternoon, July 17, cervices having been pre viously conducted in St. Augustine's Church, Unley, the Bev. W. H. Mudie officiating. Deceased having been oonnectod with the Department of the Commissioner of Police for many years, a detachment of 62 foot and 10 mounted police with their officers attended the remains to the grave. Amongst the mourners we noticed Commissioner Hamilton, Inspectors Searcy and Peterswald, Sergeant-Major Saun ders, Mr. Codd (Mayor of Unley), Cr. R. Williams, Messrs. & G. "Thomas (Secretary to Board of Health), J. Boothby (the Under Secretary), H. A. Wood (Accountant of the Insolvency Court), Mr. Chas. Day, afad a large number of leading citizens and residents of Un'ey. Mr. E. Martin had secured very many friends during his' residence in the colony, and was deservedly esteemed in his capacity as a Civil Servant. He identified himself with the Sunday-school of St. Augustine's from its com mencement, and in fact as its first Superintendent up to the present time, by his energy and the deep interest he took in its workings, mainly contributed to the success of the Institution, so that his loss will be deeply felt. He was also licensed lay reader in St. Augustine's Church. He leaves a widow and seven children. SUDDEN DEATH.-Our Biverton correspondent reports that not many days ago Miss Golds worthy, a reddest of the township, left to visit her uncle at Jamestown, and that while there she was suddenly taken ill, and died within the course of a few hours. She was in fair health when she started for Jamestown, and Bhe had the appearance of one who would reach a good age. The deceased was living with tyar brother at Biverton, and was deservedly esteemed by a large circle of friends. DEATH FEOM BREAKING BLOOD-VESSEL.-A correspondent of the Port Pirie Gazette writes " Mr. Hobbs, resident manager of Mr. Daven Sort's station, Baroota, died very suddenly on londay, July 10, while I was feeding my bone there. He was in the act of stooping down killing a pig, when he broke a blood-vessel. We did all that we could, but in less than 10 minutes the unfortunate gentleman was dead. I learnt upon enquiry that the deceased had been In a delicate state of health for some time, so that, although wo were shocked at such a fearfully sudden ter mination of his life, it wad not unexpected, as he bad a similar attack twelve months , back, rendering him totally unfit for any exertion ever since." Baroota Is about halfway between Port Pirie and Port Augusta, on "the western side of the range. ACCIDKKT AT THE BUERA RAILWAY STATION. -As Richard Owens, in the employ of the South Austral ial Carrying Company, was loading a trolly with rfvaff on Saturday afternoon, the 15th instant, one of the bags of chaff fell from the trolly on to this horses, causing them to move forward. Owens in oonsequence was thrown to the ground and run oven the wheel passingover Us thigh and breaking it Drs. Cave and J>ash wood attended the sufferer. ACCIDKKT.-Henry Hammond, a bullook driver on Dr. Browne's station, Talia, near Streaky Bay, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Tuesday, July 18, suffering from a severe fracture of his leg just above the ancle, caused by a bullock-dray, loaded with 2ih tons of wood, passing over it. It appears that in attempting to spring on to the pele his -bead came in contact with a piece of projecting timber, and he was precipitated under the wheel of the dxay. The accident oooorred about three weeks ago, since which time the poor man has been Buffering the acutest pain. In the absence of medical aid his leg was bandaged up by Mr. Campbell; but it being completely smashed little good could be done with St. The sufferer arrived at Port Adelaide yesterday by the Grace Darling, after an excruciating passage of five days. The leg was quite rotten by the time he arrived at the Hospital, and it is feared amputa tion will be necessary. ACCIDENT.-DanlerWebb,a8toriecarter, was thrown from his horse on the.evening of the 17th inst. at the Tablelands, near Budunda, break ing his wrist and injuring his head. The horse trod on some rabbits, which were lying close to a honeysuckle root in the road, shied, and com* tnenced bucking furiously. The man was thrown off, and fell on his head with his wrist under him. A few minutes liter the accident occurred he was found by a passing horseman stunned and bleeding, who. assisted in catohing MB Horse 1 and bringing the man to his senses. The sufferer was admitted into the Hospital on Wednesday, DBOWKED.-A seaman of the barque Athena, known by the name of William Woods, fell off the gangway of the Northern Monarch at Glannlle Wharf whilst going to his ship on i Wednesday morning, July 19, and was drowned. The report of an inquest on the body is given in another column. From the remarks^ of the Coroner it appears that the authorities have intimated their intention of carrying out the ' Harbour Begulations respecting gangways to the 1 letter, and we trust they will do eo. DEATH.-We regret to team that Mr*. Br. Archer, the youngest daughter of the late Arch deaoon Woodcock, died at her reddence, Moonta, cm Monday last, at the early age of 24 AOODEHT AT MATiT.4TiA.~An accident, which might have been attended with fatal oonee quenoea, oocurred at Halbda on Saturday last^i July 15. As Mn. Geecge Maimhmanj with two of herafaten, vera returning from Hie towasi^p in the evening the wheal- ci their' trap camein oontaot with a stamp and oapozed toe TBhiola, throwing the oooupants out on to the road. One., of the young lad lea, who was injured in- tha che^ has feeen in a very precarious state, bat tt now recovering. The other two were more or less hurt. As this is the second aocidentisaused by the same stomp within a wedc it is to be hoped that the Bead Board will get th? obstruc tion grabbed np.' DEATH OF MBS. G. W. HAWKES. -We regret to learn from a private English letter that the above lady, wife of Mr. G. W. Hawkes, 8.M., died on .the 8th of Jane, after s very painful fllnagB arising from internal caaoer. Mnmra ACCIDENT.-An aeoident'ooouRed on Tuesday, July 18, at the Wallaroo Mines, to a man named Johnson Carpenter. The following particulars are given by the Wallaroo Timet; " He hadcharged a hole in the 80-fm. lever in Taylor's Shaft, and the powder had exploded. Then he went to crib with his mates, and on returning he fohnd' that the blast had not been successful. He charged the hole again, and when he had finished the powder exploded. His ] mates oame. at ones, and he exclaimed, 'I am* not blinded;: I can see.' The left side of hisfaoe then begantoBwell, and a large quantity of blood exuded from his forehead and I elsewhere on his face, livery effort was made by the Superintendent of the mines and others to assist him, the surgeon being at once Eent for, and he was in waiting at the mouth of the jshaft. Mr. Carpenter was taken to the surgery en the mines and his wounds were washed and dressed by Dr. Rawlings. The doctor stated that his eyesight was not likely to be seriously injured. It was supposed that, the accident arose from fire remaining in the oracks in the stone after the first explosion, and although several minutes elapsed . before the second charge was put in there retrained suffi cient to ignite the powder." SUDDEH DEATH AX FORT MACDONNKLL. The? Port MacDonneH correspondent of the jBorder ~Watch, under date of July 11, reoofds the death of Mr. William Long, after an illness of four days. Mr. Long had .been in the employ of Captain French for a number of years, acting as store clerk, and was well and favourably known. He leaves a widow and five children, for whom much sym pathy is felt, and who are left totally unprovided : for. \- CI^IL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.-We under stand that Mr. fit G. Shackle, who recently passed with credit at the Civil Service Examina tions, having been placed fourth on the list of successful candidates, received his education at the licensed school , at Milang, which has for many years been ably conducted by Mr. Alex ander Kemp. We-believe this is the first instance in which a scholar from thb public schobls has passed these examinations, and his pupil's success must be both gratifying to Mr. Kemp and encouraging ;to others in his profes sion. With wise administration it ought not to be long before the bulk of our licensed schools should be competent to produce similar results. '.IMMIGRATION. -We believe that not mora than 15 married couples with their children, and 30 single men who arrived by the Hesperides and Lightning are now being supported at the expense of the Government. JBoine of these will shortly proceed to the North to fulfil engage ments. FATAL ACCIDENT TO A VALUABLE HOBSE. On Friday evening, the 14th instant, on arrival of the last train from Adelaide to Kapunda, the traps belonging to the several hotels in the town, in accordance with their usual custom of meet ing the trains for the accommodation of viators, on returning from the station were met by a. spring- cart, belonging to Mr. Cook, of Main street, which it appears was being driven at a pace considerably beyond that recognised by the Corporation By-laws. The first trap escaped a collision; the second also, and that but narrowly; but the third, belonging to Mr. EL V. Moyle, of the Sir John Franklin Hotel, and having hi it a valuable mare, oame in contact with the spring-cart, the - shaft of which inflicted a severe wound in the by being thrust Into its chest, resulting in its death only a few minutes after the occurrence. The mare was well bred, having been purchased from the stables of Mr. C. B. Fisher, and unfortunately it was the only one Mr. Moyle had at liberty on the occasion. The vehicle was full at the tune, but happily no other accident occurred. THE REYES TBADE.-The following important notice, signed by the Collector of Customs, has been posted in the Custom-House at Fort Ade laide:-"The New South Wales Government having agreed to aQow goods to go under bond to Bourke and WQcannia, entries will in future be taken'for those places as well as Wentworth." This arrangement will be a great advantage to South . Australian merchants, as it will enable goods- to be. sent in bulk to WQcannia and Bourke, and the duty need only be paid as the articles bonded are wanted. This-of course Is an important point when it is considered that the rivers are only navigable at certain times, and that a large trade is done with Queensland stations from the ports to which the arrange ment is how extended. SCHOOL AT MAHLAHD.-"There are, we: believe," says the Y. P. Advtrtiser, " 93 children of a school-going age in the neighbourhood of Maitland. Of these 54 live within two miles of the school site, 30 within three miles, and nine within four miles. We hear that the parents of the children have responded very liberal'y to the application for contributions towards theerec. tion of the buildine, there being now promised £14519s." THE LATE MB. JOHN MABCN.-Intelligence has reached Adelaide of the death on the 9th July, at Pentiand Hills, Victoria, of Mr. John Martin, who was for many years a teacher in this city. The deceased had charge for a long while of the Pultehey-street Bchool, and after" wards opened in Hindmarsh-Bquare an academy known by the name of the " Fellenberg Com mercial Sohool." About twelve years ago he gave up teaching in Adelaide, and removed with his family to Victoria, where he has since re mained. He was a most painstaking and suc cessful teacher, taking a lively interest in the progress of his scholars, and the suocess of his labours is shown in the fact that a large number of his former pupQs now occupy positions of honour and responsibility in the Civil Service and banking and mercantile establishments of the. oolony. SUPREME COUBT.-The trial of the black mailing action, Brook v. Celes, oame to an un expected conclusion at the Supreme Court on Friday morning, July 14. At the close of the plaintiff's case the defendant's counsel demurred to the case disclosed by the evidence, and applied therefore to have the Jury discharged. The damages were then assessed at £2,084 18s. The matter will now go on to the Full Court for argument on the demurrer, and a rule will also be applied for to reduce the damages by one-half, if the plain tiff succeeds on demurrer. The course of demurring on the evidence is a most unusual one, it bong stated in Court that it has only been done onoe before in the oolony. The records in the three oases of Brook and Another v. Coles, Brook v. White, and Brook and Another v. White were withdrawn. The ease of Horner and Others v. the National Marine Insuranoe Company waa then taken. The action was on a policy of insurance on the.Malvina Maud, which was lost on a voyage from Port Adelaide to Port Pirie. The Jury found a verdict for the plain tiffs for the £1,000 insuranoe, and £8710s. for interest. In the case of J. W. Birrell, com mitted by His Honor for perjury, bail was granted. . . THE CIVIL SITTINGS.-Mr. Justice Stow and a Special Jury were occupied at the Supreme Court on Monday, July 17, in hearing the case of McCullooh v. Wbittiag. The plaintiff, Mr. Alexander McCullooh, the well-known sheepfarmer, sued Mr. ffm. Hy. Whittiqg, a sheepfarmer in the Barrier Ranges District, for £2,000, damages for trespassing on the Lower Mungary Run aid destroying the feed and using water from the Hungary Creek. An in junction restraining the defendant for the future -was also asked for. After a lengthy hearing, lasting till 5 o'clock, and chiefly taken up by tbe discussion of legal points,' His Honor directed a verdict to be entered for the defendant, re serving leave to the plaintiff to move the Full Court to enter the verdict for him for £7, ordi nary damages recoverable under the Impounding Act. THE GBKENOCK SCHOOL.-Mr. Kruger, one of the late deputation to the Minister of Education, informs us that the present school was hot said to be held "in a hayloft over a stable," as reported, but in a room that had "formerly been a stable and hayloft." We had already received a letter signed "G. T.," complaining of the statements rnado by the deputation, and alleging that the Echoolrocm is a substantial building of stone on level ground, 42 feet long, 15£ feet broad, and feet high, with ample ventilation; and further stating that there was not 75 children attending, the average being only 46. The letter could not of course be published anonymously, but on enquiry at the Office of the Education Board we find its allega tions generally confirmed. f Fuhkbal OP MB. G. J. 8HAHKS.-The funeral of 1fir & J. Shanks tookplaoe an ' ifttmoaa, July 17* in Ik Wert tan*00 Ceme tery, the Bev. J. Pollitt officiating. A wy luxe attendance of Mends testified to the h|gnt, esteem in which the deoeased was held. Amounts thoee irito attended to Aow lospcut far ma jofema«y were Mr. at tin "Bonython, John Opey, U. StriM, lad iCL,fLv> } ,Perrin, of the literacy . department and a .somber of. others in the. asine. offioo. Deoeewd Sd been a valued member of jtbe AdterUter itoff aa foreman of the gnaerai printing depart* i meat for several Yearyaadhari <ft|wt^b»pomon ijmth credit to andaafciafaotion to hit employers. * i-1 "''.I 1 THE Cafe BORDA TELEOBAFH.-We leam that the telegraph Hue on Eangaroalrfand, . between Kingsoote- and Cape 'Bonla, is Hsom- v pleted, andihat the only wotkio do turn is the blearing of a few mQea.cf mk' oablo between Nonnanrille ««<* waa laid . several months ago by the steamer' Sdinbtnglw I The Superintendent of Telegraphs will shortly [ visit the tenninus on the with a view , of ascertaining if the submarine line Is. Jn~ 'working' order.' The mneagM id& have to bi. repeated at both ends of the oable,,ajt'^ operator will therefore have to be stationed at'v * Kingscote. At present there is no aoeominoda- v'" tionfor an officer of the department, but a sum of £500 appears on th6 Estimates. for providing a station, and in the meantime temporary quarters will probably be obtained. A small'.... length of land lino has yet to.be pat up near' *' NonnaimUe. The telegraph to Cope Borda will probably Be in fall working order before the - arrival of the English mail m August. By its means ships will be signalled in-Adelaide several hours earlier than at present. ~ THE SxBABsoro oF XHS LiaHTsnra.-We believe that the Government have been adviwd . by the (frown Solicitor that the Marine Baa^id have power to hold an enquiry fnto the circum stimoes attending the strandmg of the Jjghtnfeg#" and that they wiU be aUe ifneeesBaiy to suspend or canoel the certificates 'of officers. The Marine Board have conaequehUybeen instructed to hold an investigation. The enquirer will take place on Monday next, July"24* at the Court House, Port AdaiJfe.' Two nautical gentlemen connected with Bhipein the harbour will compose the Court. We understand thatCapt. Cameron has engaged the "Services of 'Mr. W. H. Bondey, and that IheOovermnent willbe repraeentedby ^ f Mr. C. Mann, Q.C. ' Thb GEUTWOOD WRECKAGE ROBBERY.-A Ml, aoeount of the charge preferred ag&ins;* Louis - Spehrj a farmer ' settled in the-neighbourhbod (if the Wreck of the G^ltwood, for stealing a portion1 of the wreckage thrown up on the beoch, will be found ia another column. From the evidenoeJ given before Mr. O. Glen,8.4L, it woald seem that; Ae polloe wereproceedingtoexScute a search-warrant on the1 premises of Frederick Baraen whentheymettheprisonek'oppoeitekH'e was leading ? a horse with two bulky cornsooks' throWn over the saddle, which, when the polioe threatened to examine them, he admittea eon-- ' tainsd tobacco. On arrival at the station a lump of tqbacoo weighing <52 pounds was found in each of the sacks. Another piece of the same weight was also found fn1* tabpft in the yard attached to.his premises.' The prisoner was knocking about the scene of the wreckage during the whole of Saturday, the 8th infetant. He was suspfected by one of the trobpers and watched »: byh^m. A witness named Thomas Claire also noticed him in the vicinity of a quantity of \ 1 beer; and tobacoo, of which he had taken the'' ' tally. Next morning in oomparing hia tally . he' found that the contents of twe boxes of tobacco had been abstracted. Mr. Davison, who appeared : for tfce prisoner, did not call any evidence for the defence, as it was a. primd font .ease. Tbe - prisoner was committed for trial, and bail ha? been- refused; - He has been forwarded to Moubt Gambier. \ i . "WfeEKiiit. NOONDAY PBAYEB MEETINGS. These services in connection. with the1 Evan gelical Alliance have been resumed. Thefirtfc ' was [held at the Pirie-street Lecture Hall on. Monday, July 17. when an address on " !Phe ; Influence of tite Holy 8p!rit" was delivered by ; the Bev. W. R. Fletcher, of the Stow Church. SALE OF THB BASQUE ANTIPODES.-Messrs.' Townsend, Botting, & Co. iBdld, at. their Mart, on Wednesday, July 19, the barque Antipodes, 496 tons register, with all standing and ronning ? gear, Jkc., for £470 to Mr. Wells. -'' A DUPLICATE CABLE.-At the.quarterly, . meeting of the South Australian Chamber of- / Commerce, which was held in the Town Hall - Buildings on Wednesday afternoon, July 19* under the presidency of Mr. D. Murmy,; the/; : Chairman, a discussion arose as to the neeeerfty , for a second oable. Ur. Johnson, M.P., said ho ' had read in an EngliBh paper that the loss on the existing line amounted to £87,000 per annum l but this statement was oorreoted by the C3uur man, who said that the annual loss only amounted to £16,000. Besides the two gentlemen whose names are already given, Messrs. M. C. Davis, J. Foirmby, M.' Qoode, G. Main, and & Mi- ;: Ash win took part in the discusdon. . No resolu- ' tion was passed, though the~general feeling o£ the meeting appeared to be opposed to South Australia contributing anything towards fee construction of any alternative line jrluch would have" the effect of reducing the revenue from the existing telegraph «abje. MAIL CtoNTBACTS. -We understand ' that Messrs. Jno. Hill & Co. have taken over the con- ,. tracts for the -delivery of the-mails between ' Lauria and Fort Augusta. DEMAUD FOB WOOD AT THE BDBBA.-From the 1st to the '7th of the pressnt month '64 lioences for entt&g; and removing timber from the Crown lands have been i&ued; at fchi« town ship. They were issued to obtain wood from the eastward of the Burra, and have nothiiu[ to do with that obtained from Emu Flats, Tothill'a Creek, &c.; Since the establishment of two mills and a brewery, together with the supply for the . ( Burra Mines, the market, has been always brisk. Wool. SALES ABS SHIPS' ABBIVALS.-Messrs. - HarroldBros. have favoured iis, with a copy of the following telegram, which they have received from their London agents, dated London, June 29,1L25 a.m., via Suez:-"The present wool sales for greasy wools open at a decline of 2d. per lb. below the prides obtainable at last sales, and the prices for scoured wool are equally affected. The following ships have arrived: Lady Joodyn, Dunoralg, Pioneer." ADELAIDE HOSPITAL.-Number of patients admitted during the past three weeks, 125; dis charged,' 102; died, 11; now in Hospital, 176* out-patients prescribed fer, 906. THE RAINFALL. -The Wallaroo Timet "is informed that some very genial and acceptable showers have fallen upon the plains between Kadina and the Hummocks, more than there has been in the mineral distrust on the Penin- . sula." New PAPER.-We have reoeived the first number of the Pott Waixficld Timet, being another addition to our provincial press. Pickebinq AS A POET.-Mr. James Barnes, writing from Dalrymple under date July 10, expresses himself as follows in reference to the declaration of Pickering as a port:-"I and my neighbouring settlers are giving the Government of the day great credit for what they Intend to do with Pickering. Last season between 80,000 ." and 40,000 bushels of wheat wen shipped at Port Pickering-, and it is doubtful whether Stans bury will grelatly exceed that quantity. ~ For a new plaoe not established this commencement ia ... not so bad, and speaks highly for Port Pickering, which is, I think, without exception for oen trality and depth of water one at the best ports of Torke's Peninsula, and we are thoroughly glad, that our endeavours to get the place opened have at last been crowned with suooesa." . INEBRIATES' BBZBEAT.-A Committee meeting was held at the Stow Lecture Hall on --July 19. There were present, Messrs. J. H. (Chair man), W. C. Bulk, J. Gordon, H. Giles,. J. Tasker.(Secretary), "William" (Hon. Baperln- > tendent Bushmen's Club), and the Solicitor to the Committee. The object of. the meeting.waa .. . to consider, the competitive designs for the building, &c.;, at Belair. After a long and careful examination- it -was agreed-to postpone the further consideration of the matter for a few daye. It waB also agreed that the Sooiety1 . diould be incorporated. < MEBOABTIUB MABIKB LfStTBAMCE OOKPAHT. Tho Directors of this Company have'declared a : dividend of Is. per share, and a bonos of a Hke amount^ being- at-the rateof-20'por oeofc-peg annum. The dividend will be payable on and after the 1st of August. - HORSE ACCIDEHT.-On Wdaj^morningi Jnly v 14, the South Australian CatTying Company lost one of their valuable honee uspd for shunting the railway trucks at the Port. - After starting some heavy trucks the animal slipped and fell on the rails, . and .before it Could get up tha trades overtook it, breaking Its leg. The poor creature, wUchis said to be worth £50, had in oocsequenoe to be Idlkd. ADELAIDE Ahatktjb ATHLETIC CLUB - A meeticp of this Olub was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Wednesday evening, the :12th inst.; Mr. C. C. Kingston was in the chair. Mr. G. A. Farr proposed that the meeting be adjourned. Mr. C< M. Muirhead moved as an amendment that the business of the evening be proceeded with, which was carried unanimously. The officers then resigned; and Mr. Fair was elected Secretary, Mr. P. Green Treasurer, and Meters. C. M. Muiiiteed, G. Milne, and J. Actum an Committee. Mr. Muirhead proposed a vote of thanks to tli* retiring ~ Secretary (Mr. W.-GWynne) and officers, and to the Chair* man for presiding, which waa carried unani mously. 