LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH, AND ANNIVERSARY TEA MEETING. The cercmonv oflaying the foundation 6tonc of tho Ncw "Wesloyun Church took pluco on Wednesday afternoon, at which there wis a large attendance. Tho stone was laid 1))* Mr. Kdward Holloway, ofTooyal. The proceed ings were opened by the singing of a hymn by the choir of the Church, after which the Rev.-Mr Glusson engaged in prayer, and (lie Mr. Stead read a portion of scripture ap plicable to the occasion. I r. W. Riley, as Senior Circuit Steward and I Trilstco, read tho official rccord of tho pro* j cepdings, with tlio names of the minister and I officers of the Church, together with that of die contractor (Mr. Charles Hardy), to bo /placed under the stone, with tho lost issue of '"the local pupers j tho custom of also ])]acing some coins of tho realm being departed from. Mr. Stead then handed Mr. Hollow- ay ti silver trowel and mallet, mid called upon him to lay tho stono in tho liamo of tho Trustees of tho'Church. The stouo having been swung into its posi tion, Mr. Jlolloway went through tho usual form, and dcclarcd the stone well and truly laid in the name of the Fatlici'jSou and Holy Ghost. Tho Rot. Mr. Stead then said Mr. Kcly naclc would address them ua a roprcseiilativo of thft-WnsIoymi Oltnrch." Tho Key. Mr. Kclyuack in a brief address alluded to Mr. Holloway as a modest and meritorious man, whoso utterances wherofew, and whoso spoken eloquence eamo lo them in tho form of a uhequo for ono hundred guineas in aid of tho New Church, an example which iio Hoped to see followed by those who took part in tlic proceedings. H they could not follow suit with, an equal amount, soiuo of thoni might givo hull', and aomo of them liulf that again, and so on down to any sum within their means, so that the trustees might be ablo tofaco their ilnaneiul responsibilities with conttdcncc. Asserting his belief that the laying of tho stone of the new church would annrJc an opoeh'in the history of Wagga, Mr. ICelyntiek said ho would not now speak nt longth, as there was to be a public meeting in tlio cvoning, nfc wliicli the}* would have plenty of speeches. • (Tno Rev. Mr. Stead said that tho design of the church, contemplated enlargement in the future oVer the work they were now commen cing, so that, a church would oventually be wised eapablo of seating 1,000 people. In addition to tho donation of Mr. Ilolloway of YLOO giiincasfho had to acknowledge ono of £50 from Mr. Willuuii Orr, Uo invited those present to lay their contributions on (lie itono. *A number of people then eamo for* vat'd and handed in 'thou* contributions. In a recent issue wo gave some description >f tho design for tho now building, and will low add that tho tender of Mr. Hardy whs . iceopted for £1,823. Somo other works, such is erecting li railing and alterations to adapt tho presont church to Hie purposes of a Sun day School; bringing the total of tho present miUftuplntwl expenditure to £2100. ANXIVKKHAKY TIJA-MJJJiTlNO. The Anniversary tea-meeting wis held in the evening at the Masoniu Hall which pre sented n lively appearance, as altogether some ■300 persons partook of lea. Ten tables were laid, and these -vvcro liberally provided wit h every variety of the dainties usually found at such gatherings, the ladies presiding at eaeh, catering for their tabic at their own cost. The follow ing ladiod presided :—Mi'?. SI cad, Mrs. Tempest, Mrs. Tempest , Mrs/ Macavthur, Mr*. Jlenry, -Mrs. White, Mrs. Morgan,Mrs. Fenlon,.Mm; 30. Vincent, Mra. J. Vincent, and tho Misses Wagg. The good tilings supplied were duly appreciated, the leu part of I he proceedings occupying tho tinioto half-past 7 o'clock, when the tables being re moved a public mooting was held, tho hall by this time being crowded, numbers being unable to find fitting room. The meeting was opened by the singing of a hymn And prayer. The choir then gave tho National Anthem, tho solo "pari* being entrusted to Mrs. Morley, Miss "Wngg, Mr. "Whitehead, Mr.Tamblyn, and Mr. Heydon. The 3tcv. Mr Stead then came forward and said he was gratified at the presence of sucli a large audience as he saw before him, and called upon Mr. Edwd. llolloway to take the chair. The Chairman expressed his pleasuro at the large attendance, which ho tqok as the token of a good ending tp their undertaking. Some people said there was nothing like a good ending, but he trusted he might be able to say that they had a. good1 beginning as well, n good middle, and a good all through, so that thoy would be enabled to open their new church willi a small debt. It was a serious business that devolved upon tho trustees, but with the co-operation and sympathy of the good friends he saw there, they would be ;ablo to get through with it. He would like to add this, that if they worked for their own souls first, they wotiM* find it a happiness to work for Jesus afterwards, and working with love for Jesus, the work would go on pleasantly, nml thcro could bo no doubt of their success. Tho choir then sang "Lift up your Heads," from the Messiah. The Rev. Mr. Stead said that thoy might observe that ho had a pcncilinhis right hand, aud a book in his left, and ho felt moro in . clincd to tako down names than to go inlo the eentro of a speech, besides he knew that the Wagga people liked to listen to strangers, I and 60 with so mueli talking talent at his | back lie mount to say very little. Ho would 1 just tell Ihem now that it was proposed to i erect a church vliieli would seat -100 people, I so designed as to be capable of extension, at a | cost of £1823. The old ehureli would be turned into a Sunday School exclusively, with two class rooms added to the rear, having an entrance from the new cliurcli, and it was also proposed to put up a proper railing round the church reserve. In doing all this they would recollect that the trustees were making provision for the children of those present, and they therefore claimed their sympalhy. It would bo known to some of them, but not toall, that tho trustees had becntrying to sell a portion of tho Jand for the past two years, having in view the building of a new church with tho proceeds of the sale. The Wcsleynu Conference however, would nob sanction the sale of church lands, and his own opinion was that, if they were to sell they would not be keeping faitli with tlie Government, and they j were bound to obey tho voice of-the Con | fercnee. The large population of Wngga at I present, demanded a larger building, and so i tliej* determined to go to work in Christ's mime, and got it. Tho total cost of the the church and the other tilings lie had named, would bo - £2100, and no doubt the examples of oratory, they would have to night, would open their minds, opon their hearts, and wlmt was more important still, open then* purses. Thcro was no advantage to he gained by them in a worldly sense in this projcct, they were working for the moral, spiritual, and intellectual welfavo of future generations. Mr: Stead then said, that in begging for this Kew Church, they meant to ask the people to put down their names for contributions according to their means, and payment would be received in this way, the first call at the end of May, the remainder in three, six, and nine months. Mr. Charles Hardy, the successful tenderer, would complete his contract by the 1st of March, so if they had the cash t hey intended to give paid in by t he end of ITcbrwvvy, the trustees would lmve tho money in tho bank, and be able to start free of debt. J3eforo leaving the hall, thcroford he hoped they would see their way to make a promise, when a card would begiven them, and they would bo waited upon on by somo of thetrusteCH. Ohoiv—Star of Bethlehem. \- Tho Rev. Mr. Grlasson, of Young, in ad dressing tho meeting, said that tho cause ad vocated to-night was one which so thoroughly recommended itself that it seemed easy to advocate its claims.' A gathering, having for its object the erection of a hospital and a School of Arts would so commend itself lo the people that the duty devolving upon the speakers would be comparatively an easy one, and when it is rceollceted that their sym pathies wero invoked 011 behalf, of an insti tution which has for its object, not only man's present but eternal good, it ought to give freedom to every one who appears as its ad vocate. Jteligion and tho, Church of God, through the enlightenment which God has given it, alone touches the point in man which most, wants touching. Euvlhly joys present, but fleeting advantages, they bring us up to a certain point and stop where thoy ought to goon. Man feels conscious of a something beyond the present life, his powers of pro gression all plead for a higher liie. God has revealed to him in a largo degreo the facts associated with tho life to come, tind the Church of Godsteps intohelphim in thostrug gle for life, and we must admit she has very strong claims for our sympathy and support. All worldly joys are intheendbut "vanity and voxalion of spirit." God's Church com«« to the thirsty soul mid points to U10 waters of life. And then it is to tho word of Godj mtm 1ms to stand iudobt cd .for the teaching of tho fact of universal brotherhood. Humanity would find it hard to discover that this close tie bindp all men together—the virtuous nnd the vilejstbe first lmve been restored by divine powor; tho'geeond, though like an old custlo or face one© tteaulifnl is now in ruins, but yet capable of a lil&yenowal.; Like tlio coin or jewel dropped'iinlic gutter, though'life filth of the gutter may\tciile the gold, the gem iu full value remains,\nd God uses his Uhu^5li> to teach this divine Vuth to men. Then^wo owe to the chUYch ^io organization ofithe army, which is to con\uer the world, andps it brings itsinllueneotabear on man's nature we find in it a somjhing which will fyear looking at. It is not Mike tho lovely flower,^ which to examine md dissect, though vfc* may givo knowledge,»vill destroy its beauty^' for religionjwill beivr floking at on every part,1' and as it interweaves ,»a various parts into fcli£, life, ifc gives beauty to every piirt, and nmkiis; a perfect; whole. Looking then at th^jil^j fluehee tho Church lias 011 this life and.;t$itf next, it claims tho sympathy und euppbrcvof everyone. Tho timo will come, ho was fully persuaded, when this land will wield a power which will be largely felt the' whole world over, aud as one of Australia's sons, ho pro idieted for his country _jy bright, .future. _(A}>plau«o.) - Uut tliey bhoiild remember that " righteousness exaHetli a nation," und lay a good foundation on whi^li thoir children •would be able to erect a superstructure, the beauty of which sluilL be evevywhevo seen, lie concluded by urging them so to use the means God hud given them, that in tho battle which tho children of the future shall carry on, they may act; as the sons of a pconle wno nave ueseenueil from an ancient unci' famous nation, and may -give all.their energies for tho cause of faith ami 'freedom. If I hoy worked now, oven now God would gtvo them liis blessing. (Applause.) Anthem-—The Harvest , or Sowing the Seed. 'l'ho Rev. My. Kelynaolc being called on said, there was ri story told of tho boys of Kingswood School,.who iu fcho old times were privileged to hear some of thoso divines fond of long sermons men who in fact, still went oil refining when most folks thought of dining, and t^lio expedient they lilt upon to got rid ol" tUo practice was this, they got into tho pulpit 0110 day, and with their knives, carvod in a conspicuous place in largo letters, these words—"J3e brief and lively." Now lie incanr to adopt tho znotto of the Kingswood boys to-night, lie was highly gratified to be here to-night,and pleased to soothefacoof his c'.d friend Mr. Stead wliieli was always.beaming. Ho was glad to see Mr. Holloway iu the chair, and ho could not help thinking tliero was something siguiticunfc iu tho cluuviwvn's speech. "When ho heard him speak of tho good beginning, a good middle, and a good ending,r ho said," Well done, Mr. Holloway,"and ran through this in his own mind, that Mr. Hol loway had (hat day mado a good beginning, that )io was making a good middle then, ami that, Jiko the raeeliorsesi he would presently 1 come iu with a rush and uslonish them with something clso. lie was pleased that night nl the nieo mimic rendered by Lhcir choir, and he thought that its eiTeetivener-s consisted—nut in llie sweet voices of tho ladies, not in Ihe voices of tlie tenure or the basset?, but in the harmonious co-operation of parts, so llmt all went together, '• Merry us u marriage bell." Xow the alto had been sung that day by Mr. Jlolloway in his cheque for 100 guineas j to night fchev would have some trebles in £50, £'25, and ;C20, and so on; the basses in £5, £2 or£lj and one and all would blend har moniously together to the tunc of £1000, or else ho was very mueh mistaken. (Applause.) Clapping of hands was all very well, but tho most effective way of clapping hands, ho would tell them, was clapping them in their poekets. For' the object for which ho ap pealed to thorn, how much might be used as an argument addressed to their intellectual sympathies in the benefits derived from ft Church education. 3STow-a-days it was often said that the activities of the press were out running nnd rendering unnecessary the activi ties of the pulpit. lie did not believe a word of it. IXo had no wish to detract from tho glories which bound tho brows of science, lie rejoiced i» the multiplication of the broad sheet and book and tho growth of tho power of the press, but lie claimed for his own voca tion that its influence was more powerful now for good than it had ever been in any period of the world's history. In the struggle for tlie attainment of intellectual activity and strength of the present day, it might bo that they would have too much craving for the in tellectual and human elements of knowledge, nutl lie did not- bclievo in having the rhetori* ciun substituted for the regenerator. Alluding again to the chairman's speech, Mr. Kelynack commended his idea that men, if they would lead happy and useful lives, should first ob tain power over themselves, and then work for Christ. He believed the grand secret was in tenso earnestness. Demosthenes gave{,Aetion, action, action," as the secret of all success; he would add, " Earnestness, earnestness, earnestness:" In illustration of tho efficiency of the quality of earnestness, and its power to bring conviction, and subduo alike the lowly and the great, he gave somo incidents in the career of bloody, and continued' by saying liml'ii clergyman once told his wife, as he camo home, that he had made the most sooth ing, moving, and satisfying spccch ho had i ever made. The good wife thought there was a touch of human vanity in tho tho saving, and remonstrated with lifm. "Well," ho i said, " it was the most soothing spccch, be I causc X hud not been talking long before half ' the people were asleep j and it was the most moving speech, because the other half cleared out j and it was the most satisfying speech, as I am- satisfied they -won't ask mo to speak again." Well, he should not like to make a moving spccch in this way, but he hud a few points, and should like to say something briefly on two or llircc of them witli refcrcnco to the object they had in view. The first was, pray for tho success of tho work. Mr. Kcly nack, by way of illustration, alluded at somo length to. the Belfast meeting of the British Association, and the now celebrated address of Professor Tyndall, the natural deduction from the conclusions of which was that prayer was a fallacy. After this meeting camo Moody and Sankey, showing the power of prayer by rousing tho hearts of the Belfast people in thousands. Tho next point was work—and on this point he would say nothing, aud his last point was—give! Years ago ho was travelling on horseback, and met a Scotch man, or a ±\ortJi of Ireland man, it didn't matter which, so ho got talking to him about tlio Church Extension Society, mid sending out ministers to churches, schools, &c.; " Oh, yC9" said he, "I'll voto for nil that" The man took him he soon found to be u polit ieal tout, soliciting his rote and interest, and ■when ho told him that he not only wanted his vote and interest, but also his name for ;C5, £2, or £1, us it might be, his face got as long ns a iiddle, and trying to pri/.o the oyster open wis no use, his mouth wis closed, lie urged .them to go into the church project heartily so that there would be lio crushing debt. He stated that in Victoria, talking to one or two brother clergymen, the complaint was that the hearts were crushed out of them by the in debtedness of their churches, and he hoped that Wagga would bo able tolniikl a church, which if not free, would bo loft with a managablc debt; so that trustees and con gregation would be able to give what he | learned the choir would-give to- night-—the Hallelujah Chorns. Mr. Kelynuek resumed his seat amid enthusiastic applause. Mr.. Riley said that it would be found that the harvest would bo golden, for ho had great faith iif tho consideration, and the kind construction of their motive which would bo put by their Wagga friends, and he would pledge his life that they would be found fol lowing the high note struck by their chair man that day, and would cheerfully contri bute.. Of course thero were doubters amongst some of the trustees at first when the project was mooted, but lie had 110 fear for the re sult, no more than ho doubted tlmt to morrow's sun would shine. Chorus—Hallelujah Chorus. Rev. Mi1. Stead then alluded to the provi dential visit of Mr. Kolynnck. The assistance of tho Revs. W. Clarko and Dare, Mr. Crisp, and others had been sought, and the}* were at their wits end when they heard Mr. Kely nack was coming to Wagga to lecture. Ho liad kindly laid aside his purpose of going to Gotilburu to attend this meeting, and lie had no doubt tho largo audience was mainly drawn there by their desire to hear him. Itequcst ing them now to hand in their names for con tributions, lie said lie was sure they would all do according to their ability. After some pause Mr. Stead said that ten of tho trustees and congregation hud boon se lected for tho work of collection, and they would wait on the people ..for this purpose in a few days. Mr. Thomas Dunning tlien, iu an amusing address, moved a vole of thanks to the ludics wlio hud provided the tables and presided at the tea meeting.. Tho motion being seconded by Mr. Robert >Cns3in, wa9 cdrriud by accla mation. ■ ■ A vote of thanks was then carried by accla mation to the Choir, on tho* motion of Mr. Tempest, seconded by Mr. J2ddy. Mr. Henry moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, and said that if ib were not for Mr. HoUowiiy, the foundation stone would not lnvvo been laid that day. "When they found thub the land could not be sold most of tho trustees, from being lull of hope, fell into a very;" slough of despond," and it was Lt lie Chairman who led' thou to take the step fthoy-ha'd taken by his'liopeful view of things. STiioBov. Mr. Kelynuck seconded tho mo BoVi^nnd said tho services of ono who was the inspirator of hope, but the con iftbfrtor of jash deserved tho heartiest recog i40on. ijsi'ho choir then sang the Doxology, when :'mY.'fitcad pronouncod tho benediction. £ Tho effective manner in which tlio selection Jf sacred music was rendered by tho choir Incited tho warmcsfcapphiuse, tho harmonium ideoiupannnents being played by Mvs.Morloy *«ho also lent the aid of her exquisite voice to tao strength of tho vocalists. The evidence of careful training was manifest, and tlio tc sulfc was most gratifying. If mo may bo per mitted to speale of the performance .o£ .tho choir on this occasion as an aniatour concert of sacred music, we feci satisfied that, tlio verdict of tlio largo audience assembled on Wednesday night, was that it was decidedly ono of tho best amateur efforts with which Wugga has been favored, and wont fav to justify the assertion of ono of tho speakers at the meeting, that tho Wesloyun choir of Wagga was second lo no choir betweeu Sydney and Melbourne. 