VlCTdBlAN/.GdVEENOBS. [iWKf-.ia HJjfV/a <rl:, jf r; •..,, ; t. - r.♦ i-Jbt our; helboubnb couhebpokdent.T ' ' The-skill displayed in the conduct of the ^highestExecutive'oflico is one of tho conditions itj of social- advantage and progress essential to [" J'oupg. Oommunities.,.,. Tho influence . of | tho. (otcmporary f inhabitants of Government-House . ..tipondbmestib etiquette, courtesies, and customs, l i'is'8 pronounced ono among tt peoplo Who have h neooasarilybutfaw exalted standiuris for itrUta r>HPS*.:a 4°^;to give form and . I Phiradter. ,to. the. conditions. under- wltichx Wc r existence in thid; qiiarfeb'ofAiis 1 traliaHthat you'may tho* more clearly perceive the' heating1 of tho • intelligence I; have isome jotimeS 'to Convey, I am i constrained to include [tBome 'reference;,to our- Governors, and their .^lqdy,spouses, and their political and social ini S' ressioh' upon' Victorian life. For while this ominiori' of a good example is exertod exclu J .tivelybytho recognised'Qucenn of our society, p;j^0rdihg/;to..th&t; station, tho politicalinflu ence of tb o representative of tho SovOreigii by feasⅈ'of the d(iality of his ptftititm,' lias'Usually ^pewi gfeaterthah that whicli his Bo jfal mistress f '.&n;^f o^i^iscs; '-^be ^venues' to the.EngUsh ^ ^throne* ata lighted :ty; the • ..concentrated -wisdoiu ,j $!,«$§ iiatiph; and, (thQi;p&p;, oi^party bias can ^nevipi$direct['the coiinsels wmcK Her Im: [J pdriail^eatyreceivbb. ; : '/!vy ; , ' -'iVButfliere the Grown is too often advised not ifbyi^qmpetepce, i^utyfrjvtigqcganca; :and; in rpuifeuit; of{.tjiip fluty to the home Government jwo rehresentatiyq o^ Hpr Majesty is. frequently compelled1 to: be: guided' by His 6wn common ;»jBeWrrather'tKah' hy 'those rules of political ]i espedienby i '"which.' are. tho safeguards; of practice,: ofolder. States; : Bepeatedly' has^ Her], Majesty's representative hero been placed ih petitions! which demanded tho ability !:'of'W'statesman of 'absolute genius"to deal with them 'equitably. ■ It is not surprising that ojfiipstr/of .than, hate. faded, and that the brief Btirioas ^during, which theyroigiied over iis is to mddt of the eolonists an unpleasant re;collec i"f'V«8f {fttrnfltet Sdveriior,' previouslySiipefin Otendont, Mr.j C. J. Latrobo, I have hut a dim recollection., Hia .charge of tho then district , of Pbrt'Fhillip commenced on the'30 th of Sep-; * tm^r^!.1839,' 'and his title of Lieutendnt '' 'Governor 'wasgranted to him after.tho Act of r Separation,'in 18olv; He an,d; liis successor— ; j Sir.Chaclf« Hotham—lived at a time when the . blood... coursed the veins of Victorians with a " very 'liv'ely rapidity ' Mr.Latrobe is poised j upon-'the pinnacle of'-'our local history, tho n.culogyaof his( friends. !S0; justly balancing the f denunciation ofhia.foes that it is scarcely worth while now.to' 'call up the almost forgotten '^'ghosts of hjs puhlib actions^ J"' ffo"hifri . succeeded Sir Charles '.Hothdm, a 1 gbntiemaii 'Who, iH early y o uth; had swallowed > 1 a foil; iof-; ted- tape; made rigid by tile mucilage (dbfiiomcialocoiiserati&d.; i Hej.speedil^, deve .Jtlbpgd^g„ xmtural. inaptitude ~ for, seeing ; dny public question from any point of view but his own;'and 'a';talent for 'endeavouring to rule rraither than 'to1 goyerh. 1 As' he'unfortunately <'.took:; charge .at -a: time.when men's passions .tjWere/.seethjuBg to, the . point of ^ebullition, his administration ^ speedily became unpopular, !''ahd,]fretting Tinder1 the persistent' attacks of, Ktho'-iirycw, Which' was 'not • then' distin ;i i guished Ifor.,its 'conservatism of .wealth to the n degree., it,; has . since attained, he gave up .thq<pnte8t|.and.waa interred under the usual pretentions hy.h^ocritical 'mourning of frec J'-sfone^ahd marble in "the general cemetery. U^hether his demise was Teally attributable to (the hocnet-like attacks of the Argus is a question k,,forrfchb medical fraternity, for since it has'bech " Bo'conclutively proved' that the miiid of Keats was not " Bnnffed crnt ihy an article," but tbat i?. ha'died: fr6m:naturul; causes,': over which: Mr. t | Gilford's scalpel; had nok influence, I, begin; to ,.bp 'sceptical of .heart .diseases of public men "being Induced by tho .rough hointliness with jwhnmwritera'sbmetimw Ibcturo in' type.' 1After Sir .Charles Hotham, thcro shono upon' [ 'tKe:,col6hy tho^ administration of Sir Henry i ,t Barkly; and his first wife^good Lady Bouriti ] fuI-TT-and the infi1^00 .°f - their, reign; has never been, .entirely effaced. <Sir HcnryrB.er^ly, soon showed us that he possessed'the qualities of a ripe'statesman. Never, arrogantly 'asacrtivd of • this own: position; or the prerogatives of the tiCrpwn^jho subordinated his authority In 'all ..reastonahle and lawful.things-;to.the,;deaite9 of Itho colonists,' while wisoly exerting his powers " to"stop the incqssant squahblca 'of faction,- at !)that*time particularly harrasting; ; By a kindly i, courtesy which; made him: liked as wall-as re | jgpe^ted, rhqlpd. society by showing tho px&mplo; : of anuabTo makers, ana-welded it togetherfbjr r:fw^barne8t attention to* thdso1. social' courtesies '•!whidh 'tnalrel,So,! rnueh' 'of :thenpleasantness ..'ofolifqj1 i His- discriminativo judgment: :in, ■matters -fof public, import, combined as it was ; with a'consistently fulfilled polioyjof non-iufcr 'f^ence'until action became a duiy, mode him '^respooted and admired, and although he inado I Imanyi and; powerful enemies,; the bulk of the colonists, have always looked baok .upon his , pterin of .administration ,as: tho.duy of vigorous 'things rightly thought and rightly dono. His 'first' Trife—^by the active execution and unosten tatious liberality of her benevolence; by her organising power'of charitable schemes, and ;by .-her truq-hcarted amiability of ^anner-pestab "litiiedVerself d.iavourite from the firsthand , .when , the timo camo that. wo. had to lay her l7 beneath ,tho, "storied urn" adjacent to the ,uHothamf monument, thoro.remained not one dqtractbr .to jSay of good Lady Barkly aught but" Godbless her.". u :t -Tdl this regime, satisfactory to all but tho bitterest political opponents, succeeded tho fatal ii reign of:Sir Charles Darling. Sir Charles was a preoipitated upon us at a time when the dull .. rumbles;of & growing storm woro beginning to V make:themselves heaid. . He was, unfortunately for:himself, of- the quartor-deok type. Ira . patient of control, possessed of a mischievous, ,restless dosire to interfere personally in politics, ,'iluoldng that clear- sightedness and' knowledge i-of character whioh-restilta from' diplomatic px porience, ho sought to make tho Crown a coni . .manding office, and.to exoroisa the; jurisdiction of a martinet. He was unfortunate in being subjected to an unusually severe ordeal, and he iwas'iifli. the Thrift for the houfc At times yield ing --where Kei. ' hptijs been firm,; and scoking to shape the'1 political conflict] into tho course which he honestly believed Wris the best for the colony, ho soon found that; the situation had outgrown his capacity to manage it, and ho was re-called, ruined, ana disgraced in his old age. . The political party with whom ho sympathised naturally applauded' .his actions and sought to give to their esteem a peaUnitiiir expression, but this action only increased his coildtliiiiiatitoi Let it he under stood that, I am riot a partizail of cither of tho riblitical fdctioris who. wore engaged in that lliati Contest; All I £oflteftdr for is that a Governor should he ahovei even the suspicion of political partisanship, and it was because h& could riot purge himself of this reproach' that Sir Charles Darling really fell. # i. Leaving out of the computation theb'rief brilliance of the gentlemen who at various times filled the Vice-regal chair, in order to keep it warm for coming or absent Governors, tho next to claim notice arc Sir John H.T. Mariners Sutton and Sir. George IV Bowen. The-first, crime tp lis with theprestige of a nafrie blazoned iri the hcfraldry of I/nglririd, and most -success fully ' filled.the ctfrfamerital duties' of his position. When he departpcf he* left behind him'no ej^eot yoid,;and little:efthef of :^od or ill that we could remembef him by; .Courtly of address, possessed of ; ^' awe-inspiring aploinb of manner* he dignified the Windsor unifonri without allowing us to perceive1 that be Had any talent for adding to its Itistro. That he .never became popular was perhaps ' due to'Lady Canterbury, wnoBe misfortune it was to bo an unth'awing frost in -society, and wboBe over-awing: dignity of deportment iat tracted the envy rather than the love tit her lady visitors. . ■ ' ; When Sir John returned to the enjoyment of the luxurious ease of an English gentleman, it pleased the Secretary of State, whose terres trial omniscience radiates fromBownirig-street, to transfer to'us your former Governor, Sir George F. Boweii* C<B«i K.C.M.G«, &c;«, &c.; .Sir George's feign has been an unqualified success—so jnfl.ch ecf, indeed,; that he arid-his. 'judicious tasteful consort ato xriorti popular now than ever Sir Henry Barkly; was ore hie fame had been dimmed by the attacks of factioriifits; Ton do not require mo to tell you that Sir George has risen to his present ominence iby., sheer force of character and ability. Educated in tho diplomatic'service, possessed of a shrewd, . practical clear-sightedness, which is never; dimmed by .the fogs and illusions whioh arc the emanations of party politics, he has:;that knowledge of men arid character which is at ' once an instinct and the late fruit of' a ripened experience.; While .'ho' has now and ib well ! able to hold his spurs as a literary man arid a ; politician, be Is at the same time the best aftjor 1 dinner speaker we have—at once fluent, copious of reference, skimming the sentences of thought ! with an airiness ■ which never tires tho listener, | full of well-phrased pleasantries, and with :an astounding .natural aptitude for " blarney." Sharing daily liflostentatiously in'the life and 1 pastimes of the ripper-taiddlirig class which I constitutes an aristocracy open-banded, easy of j access, devoid of false pride,' and maintaining ! ho petty dignity, he is popular with everyone, ''and seems-to have realised'that superlative felicity of a colonial Governor—to be at once liked and respected. * For on the few occasions when tho ship'of State was beginning to " yaw>' "arid." sag" in her course,-Sir George has shown j that he is rio fresh-water pilot in diplomacy. ! He holds the helm with an unquivering hand, j His colonial experience has taught him that i the colony should govern itself, so long* as it is possible to' do it. But when mutiny grows troublesome he "melds the powers of the Crownwith equitable hand. Let the Que em's Government be carried on promptly, effectu ally, and then political contestants may scramble for power- as much as they choose. That has been Sir George's method throughout, and upon; 1 the few occasions in which ho has had to take I up an independent' position he has exhibited a | just discriminative appreciation of the true ; merits of the situation, and an entire freedom from all parh' bias, which has commanded the admiration of those whose convictions are not distorted by the datiship of politics. ■ Sir, George is most fortunately, mated to a lady who, like the first Lady Barkly, has the happy tact of making herself not only popular, but beloved.- Always graceful- and amiable, lead ing socioty, and cultivating its courtesies with supremo--good- taste, toning it by tho example; of - an intellectual and re fined gentlewoman, always foremost in works of kindly, beneficence, and endearing herself to everyone by : the genuine heartiness of her addfess to all, Lady Boweri is a worthy help mate to Sir George, bud it would be difficult to .conjecture vjhich.. of - the , twain . is tho moro popular in . tho circles privileged with their acquaintance. 