THE GOVERNOR'S TOUR THROUGH THE MINING DISTRICTS. In response to a request, Mr WeldrBlun. dell, private secretary, has furnished us (Mercury) with information, that enables us to give the fpllowing particulars of His Excellency the Governor's recent tour. It will be remembered that His Excellendyleft for Launceston, on the 23rd ^February. Of his 'doinCTS llllrinrP lllB pinrhf. rlova* afnoli'n Launceston, we have already given some account ; but it may be mentioned that His :.. Excellency was very much pleased with the '. conduct and behaviour of the people, and the reception he met with. Of .the Westbury district, which he visited by special train on ' .', , the 1st March, he speaks as being a beauti ful agricultural country, better farmed, than' , some parts of England, and better decidedly ' than most colonial farming. On the 2nd of ; March, accompanied by the Hon. W. 'Moore (Minister of Lands),Mr Frith, engineer,;and ?? Mr Stoiirton,' His Excellency started on ? horseback for the north-east coast -via Scbttsdale. Leaving the rich .valley of ; the , Esk, the party ascended the hill -behind .the ; St. Leonard's woollen factory, visited by His , - Excellency last.year. The first 12 or 13 miles : to the waterworksisundulating,and isp'retty well timbered. On the hillsides there is toler ably good land, but in the valleys it is ' poor. ' The country, though very secondrate,iscapa ble of supporting a small population. Atpresent it is very sparsely peopled,' if it can be saidV ' to be peopled at all. The party passed one large and good house and orchard, situated ? on an eminence, and surrounded by cleared land to a considerable extent, which is used as a sheep farm, and belongs to Mr Adams. Eleven miles from Launceston, 'the road crosses an underground tunnel, which cph veys water from the St. Patrick riverto the ' Distillery Creek for the supply of XauncesW : ;' toij.-HiB Excellency turned;;.'frpm-ther6ad '' - and rode.to the waterworkSjWhere ttiereis:a-''; : neat cottage and clearing, and ? a^pretty iond.' :. , dltheSt. Patrick river. This river Jb a clear., fresh, stream, .with rocky bed and \- woody banks, and contains plenty, of trout; His Excellency walked flrat to 'the dam and then down to the tunnel, a distance of , perhaps half n mile. The lend or.fluwois constructed, of stone, and is . very neatly and ; well executed. The tunnel is only 'framed of wood ?, it is painted within,' has two air shafts, and is large enough to allow a man to pass through., The country improved as the' party proceeded. 'Six miles further brought them to Mount Arthur Inn, where a' short stay was made for refreshments. . Another five miles brought them to the Myrtles (a farm where accommodation can he got),' so' called from the myrtles which mix- with the eucalypti, and which, alqng,what,, is known as the ' six-foot track,' bloud with a wealth of magnificent ? ferns and ' rich growth of underwood ; in :fact, the.country ? here is exceedingly rich though broken and hilly. Thp trees, stringy bark and others, are of ?great' size; and tho' bush '- is ':' dense' 'and ? luxuriant ; the party,noticedthe'Macquarie , .Vine', twining i amongst the .fern trees and brushwood, quantities of parrots, and many native thrushes.: Much had been heard of tho difficulties of the descent at thoprecipice to the Meredith Valley. .The path is cut along the hill side, and ' the precipice,' which in New Zealand; the' Governor states, would be. considered - an. i ordinary hill: side, is grown over, with bushes. , The descent .is; so easy that His Excellency and.^Mr Stourtdn trotted from top to bottom, and did not :inow .whether they had come to the difficult place. In wet weather, . doubtless many parts of the track are exceedingly 'boggy, and it seems extraordinary that in ? .so i old a colony as this, such, a fine; district as Scottsdale andUpper Ringarooru a should not have a passable cart road to ? Iiaunceston. No vehicle has ever yet passed, though a narrow buggy might possibly be taken along the six-foot track in dry wea ' ther. It was getting dark when the party found1 themselves ? on the level (the white dead trees in the clearing glimmering like ; ghosts in :the moonlight), and. they reached Edwards' 'Inn at 7.30,' The' distance; travelled was 384 miles. Mr Moore's horse1 had .cast a shoe; and he remained and slept at! the Myrtles. At :Edwards' on the previous; evening, Mr Cbwlb, J.P., and alargeriumberj of people had assembled ' tome'et His Excel-1 lency ; but, owing to his -haying been un-: avoidably delayed in Launceston a day more1 'than was intended, they were disappointed.; His Excellency (who- received from Mr .Edwards the address that was to _;havo been; presented to him) regretted the disappoint ment very much, though it is as well to state that he had no noticethat anyone was to meet .him, or. of any address being in contempla tion. . Friday,' March 3rd.— To-day the party rode' thrbiigh^Scottsdalo to Bridport and; back;- in all 28 miles. Thecountry is gently' undulating, the land very rich and heavily timbered, (principally, with gum), with a, dense uridergro'wth of ferns and brushwood.1 The ferns are magnificent, often 30ft. high,i and :they grow ', in the, ,wildost profusion.! Scottsdale has 15 or 20 thousand acres of first class land, equal to the pick of New; Zealand. It has about 500 inhabitants, .who are, said to; be .remarkably industrious,: orderly, and sober. . The place is thriving,' but it requires roads and labor. The wages; at the mine are SOs per week, and on farms: jEI and found. , There is'a good deal of un-i sold land in this district, which His Excel- ; lency 'considers essentially a poor man's; country, where by his ' labor and that of his i family, he can gradually clear the land and' make a happy home. . Bridport is a pretty 'little place; composed of about a dozen! houses. There is a ? bar at the entrance to \ ? the river, and there is a 7ft. high tide j.a1 small outlay is peces'sary to prevent a new ' channel forming, and a Bmall jetty is wanted; near the mouth. His Excellency visited the school, where he found the children clean; and orderly, and heard them read very ere- ! ditably; after which he obtained a holiday : for them. ' Saturday,, March. 4th.— The party left; Edwards', and after proceeding a mile or so to Tucker's Corner, turned to the right; ?instead of, 'as on the previous day, to the! left.. .Ajfew. miles brought them out. of the; rich country into hilly land of inferior! quality7butthisdid:not last long. The hills; became rich as the party descended from the ; Blight elevation to which they had risen, and) again entered a nearly level tract. The jour-! ney had been through heavily timbered land, \ great eucalypti, sassafras, fozi.(myrtle); andj dense jungle of bushes, ferns, and Macquaric . vines( Now the. heavy timber was some-: what less dense and easier to clear than' in Scottsdalej though growing on land quite as; .rich... Mr Cowle. .(who., accompanied the: party some distance) stated that he had known 20 ^ tons of 'potatoes to an ? acre,1 arid that;he knew, land: 'laid down in English .grass that. would keep twelve sheep to an acre!! At mid-day, the party stopped for ?lunch at a farm belonging to Mr James Scott, M3£- A. . i The :land . here ? ? seemed ; below: the average, and looked much dried up, there haying been no rain for some time. ' At three'o'clock the party remounted^ and; rodeaboutthreerniles,:toi.Ruby. 3?lat Tin Mine, crossing the, Ringarooma in, a deep,, dark dell, fording and riding over a hill,: ? through bushes and over ' rocks^ at ? a 'smart pace. ; there was hardly room.; for .heads ?- or. knees among the bushes, and .jn some places the track' was very steep; There we're about . 28 men working stream tin, 'getting, the, .overseer, stated/from 7s to 8s aiday.'wages. A little dirt was washed for His , Excellency to Took' at. A week or two previous ' two ? and a half tons had been got, but the ground, is patchy and ,the yield small. The : party then rode on (fording the Bingarooma) through very good land to Mr Fry's, whose son accompanied them. It was stated that there must be 70,000 acres of good land in the district, and that it is . better than in Scottsdale. Opinions differ on these points; , but there can be no question but that these districts have between them at least, that 'quantity of excellent land, and that they will one day carry a' very large1 population. ' Mr, Fry has a farm of rather over 300 acres, about 250 acres of which are cleared ; the ''-house is' comfortable, there is an excellent ' ': cowshedy and tho flower garden is very neat.: Mr Fry,\p6sse3ses',;a , medal ^obtained for. . iBheese; at jthe Melbourne Exhibition., He 'milks 50 cows, has some nice Devon cow9,a few good horses, and some. first-class pigs. \- His land .is excellent.; white clover, cocks-' foot grass, and zarrow grow luxuriantly.; ' The roads_ passed'over during the day must , be almost impassable in bad weather^ though 1 at present good for horses ; all. the- bridges 'and culverts sadly want repairing, and a1 ? /bridge over the Ringfarobaia/ between Mr . ???? iiScptt's;and.Mr Fry's; would be a great boon; ! ^.r^unday,. March., 5th.^.Av.Teryqqietidayj waejipent at Mr Fry's. '? (' , ?' ;] . ,: ,. ?, ;' j Monday^ March 6th. — The party left at BGTen o'clock, and passed along a very rough truck to ; the Globo claim, which, is worked by some of the owners. The party then 'Visited the Atlas 'Company's claim,' and, i leaving their ; horses, walked 'about a mile. up a steep hill, thickly wooded, until they reached the huts of the Belmont Com pany. '..Mount Bell, apout'3000 feet above th'elevel'of the sea, was then ascended, and ,from tho top theparty obtained an oxtensivo view over Ringarooma and Scottsdale. The coast hills at' George's Bay, Mount Cameron, -Mount Horror, Bridport Plains to. tho sea, [Mount Arthur, Ben Nevis, Ben Lomond, arid .nearer Mounts, Victoria and Albert, formed a grdnd'pahorama of wooded country: Passing over the hill side, about .a dozen prospecting holes were visited. Mr Barker, manager of the Belmont Cohnpany, gave His Excellency minute explanations on the spot of the proposed works; , com prising a waterworks , scheme, .lead tunnel, otc. These works will be on a largo soale, and involve a great outlay ; but there is every reason, to expect a, good return,, as there is plenty of rich wash dirt, .independently of tin porph'yritic granite reefs. Tho party roturned to the Atlas claim, remounted, and continued the visit, Mr Donnelly, the man ager of :the Atlas, piloting them on .foot. After againpassing the Globe claim, they 'procoededup and down hills by the Star and: Shamrook , (and close by the Lower Atlas) workings, thence up a steep hill half a mile, where a slight trackleading to the right was discovered, which took . them to a well defined track,, following which Thomas' Plains was soon reached. It was fortunate; that amongst the roots, holes, rocks, and: trees, none of the horses were injured ; but a good deal of walking was done toeaso the animals. All the day's travelling was through dense forest, many fine, tall, straight stringy bark trees being seen. All the claims; seemed to be doing remarkably well, and; every one appeared hopeful ; but the want! of roads is a great drawback. Though only about is miles were travelled, it was a very! hard day's work, especially as besides this1 the party did as much and more difficult walking tlian the aseont of Mount 'Wel-j lin?ton; ihowever they all soenied pretty fresh atthe flnish,.His Excellency proving himself a capital bushmarir After reaching the surveyors' tent at Thomas' Plains tlie: party inspected ? the All Nations' claim, where they. , found Mr Bealey, of Hobart Town, who had walked from George's Bay, a distance of 30 miles. A tin o£ dirt was washed, and yielded lib. 4 oz. The . night; was passed in a very comfortably arranged ;tent. i Tuesday, March 7th. — There was light rain this -morning, the first that had fallen during tho tour, but it soon: stopped. At 7 o'clock the party returned' about a mile into the bush whenco they had; emerged the .previous evening, and visited tho Union (Macmichael and Gates) claim,; where they were shown the broadest space' of washdirt and the richest they had yet seen-; it yields about half a ton per man per week; a pan yielded about 5 or ,61bs.: of tin. On returning to ' Thomas' Plains j the party found that an arch, with' the word 'Welcome'' on it, had been erected, the path beyond being adorned: with two large flags on each side. The place is well watered and open, surrounded '?? by, wooden hills, and admirably adapted. for a township. The party passed pver.a long' wooded hill, steep in places, which would i be very bad for ? travelling in wet weather ; '? even now the. horses' feet often sank in, the \ deep rich soil between the tree roots and ; rocks. ' There is a stnall open plain at the j top of the hill. ;A new horse track is being; cut, which will, be a great improvement.: The vegetation is fozi, eucalypti, and ferns, with some sassafras and bfackwood/ Mr Johnson, the surveyor, joined the party at his camp. Kennedy and Chapman's and ' Bridge and Blackali'a workings were in- ? spected, and found to he doing very -well.j His Excellency conversed with the men, and ; obtained a good deal of information about tin. The men are of, a superior class in this dis- ; ?trict (as pioneers' usually are); niany of them ; come from .Victoria and New Zealand. Itis j stated that some of the claims here are not : worked because they do riot yield £10 a week i per man ; and that many claims yield nearly ! .twice (that amount. The party reached Johnson's' New England,' at 1 p.m. and had lunch, after which they rode 14 miles through a partially settled country to George's Bay.. The day's journey was about ,30 miles. ; Wednesday,, iMarch 8th, — A ride of six. miles brought 'the party to the Ruby mine,' the extensive 'works of which were carefully! inspected under the guidance of the manager..: There is a deal; of heavy stripping of sur face stuff, hut' a good breadth of wash dirt,: ?which is fine in grain. The mine is easy of. jaccessby cart from the bay. The wages i paid to the men is from 50s downwards ; more men will have to be got from Mel bourne. His Excellency and Mr Swan (In-1 spector of Police), who joined theparty at; George's Bay, went fishing, having obtained : use ' of a boat from ' the Robert Burns, kindly ; lent by Captain Hall ; -two dozen bream were caught, some very fine, weighing two and three pounds each. , , ?: Thursday, March 9th.— His Excellency -stayed at Mrs M'Lareh's Hotel, being unable to pay any visits in consequence , of his Jug- j gage -having been left at Avoca. The miners: fromthe-Blue'Tier, where the mine is very! successful, would have met; :the Governor,' but they could, not learn when he rwasj coming. The Blue Tier was the last the; party passe'd over on this side tho Thomas; River j only the end of it was crossed. There's are three main tiers between George's Bay' and Launceston— one between Launceston and Scottsdale, one between Ringarooma and; Thomas' Plains, and one between Thomas': Plainsand 'New England,' Johnson's farm.; His Excellency and Mr. Swan again went: fishing, and caught over two dozen, besides beinii pretty well drenched with rain. . .; Friday, March 10th. — The party rode to: Falmouth along a good road ; plenty of iron: hark .trees : about. Scamander's bridge; ;a famous fishing place, was passed, quantities of bream being seen. On reaching Falmouth the horses were baited, arid after His Excel lency had visited the school, he rode up St. Mary's Pass. The weather unfortunatejy was dull, and the fine view from thoPass. could not be seento advantage. The ferns and vegetation .here are gather poor in com parison with those on .the north-east country, and there is a want of bold rocks ; still the ;Pass is well wor£h a visit. The township of St. Mary's is a. prettily situatedvillage. His Excellency visited tlie school; and then rodei on , to Mr, Groom's, i Harefield, , where |he wfla most hospitably received. -.'?' Mr Ranspm and Mr Dawsori were ' present';' His' 'Excellency ?was -shown a- fine specimen of ? coal, ' which und^erlies.' the ^ country about, Harefield , ;^o: , ai cou^idera^le ? extent. ? „'?? ' : '?'-'? r ,^ i Saturday, March ,11.— Very wet day. The party rode to St. Mary's; and thence to Fingal through a fine rich valley, which must be picturesque when the .hills are visible. Mr Groom accompanied thp party a short way,' and Air Ransom iititl liis son. met thorn on, the road. Had it been fine tho party would: have visited a; coal shaft near Mr Ransom's, but they' had been delayed, and had to ridevory fast tb; get to Fingal by noon ; the last, five miles were done in 20 minutes. His Excellency was received by the Warden (Mr Strihfield) and some of the councillors. The Warden had just returned from LaunccBton,' and apologised for not having had time to prepare an address. His Excellency went with Mr Stanfleld to the school, but being: Saturday, the children were.1 of. course; away. : Their copy books were, however, shown to His Excellency, and he obtained information respecting the school from tho master, Mr Armstrong. The Court-house was . then visited, after which His Excellency walked to Malahide, where he was most kindly received by Mr Robert Clerkeand Mrs Clerke., The estate is a very valuable one, comprising upwards of 17,000 acres',' stretching for miles up the yalloy of the Esk. His Exoellency had much wished to see Malahide, and he was greatly pleased with his visit. Sunday, March 12th.— As it was necessary to get to Swansea the next' day the party rodei quietly in the evening to Avoca. On the road they called at a farm house where reside Mr and Mrs Story ; they have been there over 40 years. !Lost winter their grandson very pluckily saved a lifo during. a flood near their place.; and it may be men tioned, that the facts having been narrated to His Excellency ho sent the necessary papers home to tho Royal Humane Society, who will no doubt acknowledge the young man's courage in some wav. The party stayed at Foster's Hotel. Mr Moorb loft here, and started to the North West Coast. : -The remainder :of the tour may bo given rather more briefly. On Monday the school at Avoca was visited, and then the party ?started to Swansea. Thecourse, leaving the Launceston (Cornors);road tended eastward. A fine .stretch of rich country was passed, then plains of grass (with light soil) sur rounded by wooded hills.next narrowing into a valley. Several houses that were once seats of the gentry of the olden times of Tasmania, butwhicharenowoftenoocupied|by shepherds, were seen, A rest was made at the Half-way Cottage, Mr Duckett's, Hop-pole Bottom. At ;the meeting of the waters, Mr John Meredith, Messrs Amos, and Messrs Lyrie 'met the party, and subsequently Mr Barlie ?and Dr. Bundle. His Excellency stayed at Cambria, Mr John Meredith's place. On Tuesday, the Swansea school was visited, and then His Excellency ; went to Lisdillon, tho residence of Mr Mitchell, M.H. A. On Wednesday, the party were accompanied by Mr Mitchell and Miss Mitchell as far as the White Hut, where they were met by Mr G. Mace, Mr.R. Davis, and others and escorted to Mr Mace's residence. His Excellenry visited the school and police build ings,.etc, at Spring Bay. In the evening Mr .Mace, drove the party .to Molunna (native bird's nest), the residence of Mr C. Meredith, M.H.A. On Thursday tlie school and qnarry at Proaser's Bay were visited and a fine view -vas obtained of Marie Island. His Excellency called at the house of Mr Cruttenden, Mr Grant, and Mr and Mrs Fred. ATace. : On Friday the' Church of England . school at Buckland was visited. A stay was made at Runny mode, Mr Lindleyte property. His Excellency rode over the farm, and ex amined some very good Leicester sheep. At -Richmond the school was inspected, and then the party come on to Hobarfc Town, arriving at 6 p.m. It may be remarked that in tho first part of the tour the party were singularly. fortu- nate in getting good weather, but not bo afterwards. His Excellency was desirous of going on to Mount Cameron, but it would have occupied three days, which he could hot afford ; besides which, if he had gone fromBranxholme,he would have had to walk a considerable part of the way. ' There is, however, nothing to be seen at Mount Cameron that His Excellency, has not seen as good, if not better, in other parts ; and accordingly' Mount Cameron,. and the coast ?at the north- east extremity of the island, where there is some good land, little known, have been reserved for another trip. His 'Excellency we believe liaa seen quite enough to satisfy himself as to the immense mineral riches of north-east Tasmania, and its capa bilities for carrying a large mining and farm ing population ; and he says it will fully bear comparison with any district in New Zealand. He was assured by surveyors that'there are 70,000 acres of first class land (level and undulating) in Scottsdale and Ringarooma , ? but Mr Moore thinks this iB.&n; over estimate. The hilis generally havo good soil, and would take gro3s readily if cleared.- The- country ; isiroughly estimated at 40 miles by 40, miles, andits richness is unknown. The area, of course, enormously exceeds that known about Mount BisohofE ; but the richness of the washdirt in the. Mount Bischoff claims surpasses any yet found on the North- east. The return journey of the party down, the East; Coast was very enjoyable, arid;nothing could.be more kind and hearty than the .welcome : His Excellency , everywhere re ceived. The coast country, after leaving Avoca,' is patchy, and, as a rule, second class. The scenery is pretty, but there, was so much mist that the views were , often ' obscured. 