RECENT PUBLIC I CIO HS Sir H. D, Wolff, M.P., _w translated a lecture delivered in Paris about six years ago M. de Lesseps, describing the origin and progress of the Suez Canal to its completion. It is a narrative which, well deserves the praise bestowed upon it by the translator, as presenting a vivid picture of the author of the canal himself, with that hopefulness and decision, courage, resource, and caution, so generally blended in his enthusiastic and Stedfast nature." In the preface, air H. D. Wolff gives the earnings of the canal from 1870 to 1871 inclusive, and these are of such a nature as to justify the expectation that, even as a commercial investment, the purchase of the Khedive's shares by England promises to "come out all right," especially if we bear in mind the fact that M. de Lesseps' early studies proved to him that the traffic from East to West doubles every 10 years. The subjoined Scores show that that of the Suez Canal has quadrupled in five years : DuringtheßratBixmon,thsofl875, 822 vessels, of a capacity of 1,540,000 tons, passed through the canal, paying a toll of £610,730 ; an amount which would have been much greater but for the reduction which has taken place in the rates, contrary to the wishes of M. de Lesseps. Not the least wonderful circumstance connected with this great undertaking was, that the estimate of the eminent engineers whose co-operation he secured was not exceeded in the works by a single centre. Science," he says, carried the day on every point." The foremost men in engineering that could be brought together from Austria, Italy, Spain, Holland, Prussia, England, and France cheerfully responded to the invitation of M., de Lesseps to hold a conference in Paris; and he adds, "you may well believe the congress of these distinguished men did not take place in a moneyed interest. No. Not one of these savant, would even accept the repayment of his travelling expenses." One of his country- men has called M. de Lesseps " Un homme véritablement, homme dans an article de noblesse et de défaillance ;" and every one who reads this narrative, which has much of the naive egotism which is so enjoyable in Montaigne, will acknowledge that the eulogy has been well deserved. The Eastern and Australian Mail Steam Company, fully alive to the value of advertising, have caused to be prepared a " De- scriptive Illustrated Handbook of the Singapore route to these colonies for the information of travellers. It is embellished with several well-executed lithograph- of Singapore and the principal towns on the coast of Queensland and as a piece of literary handiwork the compilation is decidedly superior to the general run of com- privations of this kind. There are even traces of humour in the writing. Thus, speaking of the lively insects of which the poet Bryant writes that rouge makes them sick, and that " Rowland's Kalydor, it laid on thick, Poisons the thirsty wretch that book for blood," the writer observes :-" Of mosquitoes it may be said that, on the whole, they are not so bad as they seem. To the irritable they are irritating, and can rebuke vanity by unduly swelling an eye that is bent on a triumph ; but they soon cease to annoy persons of an equable temperament, and so may become a constant incentive to the good humour that makes a ship's saloon and quarter-deck so agreeable to all." This is a new and interesting light in which to view the "fair insect, with thread-like legs, and blood extracting bill, and filmy wing." The twenty-third number of Australia illustrated contains a view of Lake Illawarra, in New South Wales, from the pencil of Mr. Skinner Prout ; one of Daylesford, in this colony, from a drawing by Mr. J. Carr one of Adelaide, from the River Torrens, showing a good deal of railway station, and not much of the city, except the South Australian Club-house. and the tower of the Town-hall and a map of the settled portions of South Australia. The letterpress is devoted to a description of some of the districts of Queensland, by Mr. E C. Booth, who detects a strong resemblance between the Darling Downs and the field of Waterloo, before the latter was disfigured by the artificial mound at Hougoumont. Strange Tales, collected from "Vanity Fair," by a writer who adopts the slum de plume of "Silly Billy," are quite entitled to the appella- tion he has given them. They are as fantastic as anything that Hoffmann ever wrote, and it must have been some such a narrative as these that delighted Sir Andrew Aguecheek so much on that particular night when the clown was in very gracious feeling and spoke of Pyrogromitus, and of the Vapians passing the equinoctial of Quenbus.'' Albert, there is much more of the food in " King Lear" than of the jester in "Twelfth Night" about Silly Billy, who is addicted, "we are grieved to observe, to the habit of speaking irreverently of popular idols. He even goes the length of taking the name of The Times newspaper in vain, for, in a smartly written allegory, entitled "The Ten Clocks," he represents a ghost as haunting the office of Jupiter Tonans, and as uttering himself to this effect : "I am doomed to wander about Printing. house-Square until the day when a/n Times shall have spoken the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in all its leaders, paragraphs, and correspondents' letters, for seven days in succession. I have waited years and years for my hours of release but to speak with frankness, I am not very sanguine of ever obtaining it" Nowa man who could be guilty of writing in this vein of audacious impiety concerning the leading journal in England, would be quite capable of the atrocity of endeavouring to undermine our faith in the intelligence, the respectability, and the disinterestedness of that great middle class of English society of which The Times is the organ, the mouth- piece, and the pride. What next. The "First Report of the Maloga Mission School," on the Murray, takes the shape of a diary kept by Mr. Daniel Matthews, and goes to show that considerable progress is being made in the conversion of the children of the aborigines to Christianity. Nevertheless a painful impression is left on the mind of the reader that there is plenty of room for missionary effort among the white page of the district, who are described as plying some of the black girls under his care with drink, so as to compass their ruin. Many of the native children are apt scholars, and seem to profit by the religions instruction they receive, while others contemplate an after-life uneasily; for a half caste named Mary Parker, writing to Mr. Matthews, says :-" I am sorry to tell you that your little namesake is gone to be with his Saviour, and his two sisters and brother. They are all in glory, singing sweet psalms to their Saviour." Mr. Hugh A, Egerton, of Banbury, submits to the travelling public in England a plan, with details of a Channel steam ferry, sufficiently large to carry three railway trains from Dover to Calais, so that travellers may go from London to Paris, and vice versa, without change of carriage. His scheme is to construct a platform 200ft. long and 28ft. beam, testing on three pontoons, with water lines resembling those of an eight-oar racing boat, the motive power being supplied by three powerful engines, with paddle-wheels 52ft. in diameter. He estimates the cost of The Suez Gona). A Personal Narrative. By II. de Lesseps. London: W. Black wood and Sons. Short Sea Route to Australia. London : E. and A. Wall Steam Company. Austral- narrated, No. 83. London : Virtue and Co. Stronge Tales. By Silly Billy. London : Vanity Fair Office. First Report of the Halogo Hlsiloa Bohjoh Sydney : John Lutton. J A Channel Steam ferry. By H. A. Egerton. London: B F--rd__ Sons. Whitaker's Almanac for 1876. Lost : J. Whitaker. his ferry «hipat_"0,000, th9annuilexpenses at £45,000, and the receipts from two trips each way daily at £153,000, leaving a not profit of £103,000. The project of highly attrac- five-ton paper. Whitaker's -balance for 1876 contains as great a mass of useful information as could well be compressed into 320 closely-printed pages of small type, the index alone occupy- ing 12 columns, each comprising upwards of 90 subjects. 