Music and the Drama. The facts not otherwise Than here set down. - SHERIDAN KNOWLES. ON Saturday night last, at the Theatre Royal, Mr. George D. Chaplin made his debut before an Australian audience in the character of "Macbeth" This tragedy is one of the most, if not the most familiar of all Shakepere's works to the theatre-going public. The management of the Royal ar.e to be commended for presenting for public support the highest, in dramatic art, although it is to be regretted tbat the feebleness of representation of more than one prominent character in the play so destroyed the integrity of the performance as to mar the power of its attraction upon the public mind. No greater contrast in this respect could be shown than in the performance of the two characters of Macbeth aud his lady. Again there was a Malcolm whose intelligent features recoived with the same stolid indifference the news of Duncan's murder, as they did any other lines of the play, and Hecate was as singularly attired as apparently "cast" upon the wrong actor. In Mr. G. D. Chaplin himself, the " Royal" has secured an actor far above average merit, with good presence, clear enunciation, and an intelligent delivery of the poetry that entitles him to great commendation. In his conception of the character of Macbeth he is no servile follower of predecessors, but gives a reading of his own, in some passages fully equal to the great masters in his art. His originality is not startling, though in several scenes effective, yet Macbeth would scarcely whisper when confronting Macduff to the death. The dagger soliloquy was delivered after the manner ol Edwin Forrest, entirely in a whisper, and was warmly applauded. In the banquet scene Mr. Chaplin was highly successful, although there is nothing to warrant the introduction of the murderer of Banquo presenting wine to Macbeth at that feast. The very circumstance would have drawn the attention it was Macbeth's aim to avoid. The interview with the witches was marked with considerable power, and the final act worked out with immense spirit and effect, although it is contrary to all preconceived ideas to suppose that Macbeth would have fought Macduff under thc disadvantages at which he met him, Macduff helmeted and armed in coat of mail, while Macbeth was in fancy costume and with unguarded head. Mr. G. D. Chaplin moreover, errs greatly in the matter of costume throughout the play. He was curiously anachronistic even to his fellow players in this respect. Regarded as a whole, Mr. Chaplin's performance was very good, and its more potent portions warmly and very judiciously applauded. As Lady Macbeth, Mrs. E. Holloway appeared quite unable to realise the character, although in the sleep-walking scene she rose considerably above the rest of her performance. Mr. W. J. Holloway, as Macduff, looked and played the character in his best style, and won applause for his defiance of the "fiend of Scotland." His attire in the last act partook more of thc trapezian than the Scotchman, nor could he have "sheathed his sword undeeded" for most patent reasons, had that necessity arisen. The King was carefully played by Mr. J. G. Joyce. Mr. J. P. West gave evidence of good sense in the part of Rosse, and Mr. H. A. Douglass was very effective in the ghost scenes. As. thc speaking witches, Messrs. Andrews Daniels, and Miss Melville performed cleverly, and gave tbe celebrated cauldron scene with much success, although they did not place "their skinny fingers on their lips," when they should have done so in the first act. . The music, now almost inseparable from the tragedy, was executed with great spirit, and the choral effects capitally given, entitling all concerned to much praise. The orchestral accompaniments were carefully played under Mr. Levy, but there were many melodramatic flourishes introduced which were occasionally inappropriate and unnecessary to time and situation. The scenery was, as usual at this house, effective, but the ''stage fixings" and furniture in the banquet scene were not up to "Royal" standard of completeness, nor were the subordinatesans attentive to their duty as the stage manager generally insists upon here. The audience was large, appreciative, and highly gratified, calling Mr. Chaplin before the curtain after the termination of the play. At the Victoria Theatre, Nell has made another sucess in a play written by Mr. E Lewis Scott, and entitled "Ruby " The author has certainly, so far as incidents are concerned exhibited no originality, and might easily have avoided the very recent idea of tying a man across a railway truck for dismemberment. The piece is evidently written with some notion of displaying hypocricy, and by somebody else's notion this hypocricy was wrapped up as a clergyman, leading somebody else, and in fact a good many somebodies do believe that religion and hypocricy are necessarily associated in the same individiual. The author has since assurred the public that such was never his meaning, but only to make a kind of Dickensonian compound of fair profession and foul proceedings. The plot consists in the fact that this hypocrite has forged a will to keep Ruby, the orphan, out of her rights, which he succeeds in doing until hunted down by Ruby and her assistant Bob Trickett. Goodman, the villain, is not aware that a true will is in existence until arrested for forgery and other peccadilloes at the end of the play. The dialogue is smartly written, though not peculiarly original, but may be regarded as evidence of better things to be expected from its author. The performance of the play was excellent throughout, Nell having to play no less than live characters. As Ruby in the first act, she is dressed with much taste and splendour, and as the street arab, Dutch girl, and semi-idiotic "Hoppy" succeeded in awakening the usual amount of vigorously-expressed approbation. In the lighthouse scene Nell takes a leap across the chasm in orthodox Myles-na- Coppaleen fashion, and saves the ship from wreck. There is a duet between Nell and Mr Giddens, which is extremely diverting, and encored as a matter of course. Mr. George Giddens continues to maintain his reputation as one of the best comedians of the present day, and in the matter of make-up and consistency in representation of character, cannot be excelled. Nothing could be finer than the manner in which he sustains the assumed sanctity of his part in the scene where he obtains the cheque. Mr. Giddens is most lavishly applauded, and his performance merits the compliment. Mr. Belton, as Uriah Goodman, so dressed and played the character on the first night that the author appears to have been misrepresented; but this has been altered, and if this actor would but let go of his words when their pronunciation is finished, he would be far more effective in the performauce of any character. Mr. Jerdan in this piece has no villany to play, but is none the less careful. Mr. J. J. Welsh and Mr South fill their parts very successfully although not having a great deal to do. The scenery is exceedingly effective, and the light house, with the ocean, and ship in the distance making towards the light, were specially excellent, drawing forth loud applause. Mr. Setright and assisants, and Mr. Renne are entitled to great praise for this capital scene. The drama terminates somewhat abruptly, and the entrance of "Nell " as the avenging Ruby with the real will (written under a bed, how or when such difficulty could be overcome this deponent knoweth not), and followed by a pantomimic policeman, with baton in hand, makes a laugh where a laugh should not come in. Lunatic keepers do not usually wear carpenter's paper hats, or carry large bunches of keys about, but I suppose the stage manager knows best. On Monday Mr. George Giddens is to take a benefit, when will be performed "Uncle Tom's Cabin," in which Nell will play Eva and Topsy, a feat hitherto unparalleled. Mr. Gidden's popularity will doubtless be sufficient to fill the house almost as full as it was when little Nell solicited the suffrages of the theatre-going public. FIGARO. An Albury Journal says a pic-nic was given at Warleigh on Monday, the 20th ultimo, to all the selectors on Moira Run, by Mr. Joachim, that day being the end of the period of his family fulfilling their three years' residence under the selecting clause ; owing to the short notice given all the selectors were unable to attend, but about forty persons went and enjoyed the good things provided. Several games of cricket and quoits were played during the day, and dancing and singing brought the evening to a close. On Sunday night Miss Horner's Hotel in Wynyard Square, had a narrow escape from being burned down. A bedroom at the back of the premises took fire in consequence of the curtains of a bed blowing across a candle and getting ignited. As soon as the alarm was given, it was feared that the Missess Homer's aged . mother was in the room; but, fortunately, she had left it to go down stairs. "Nell," the Californian Diamond, who resides in the hotel, had ber first chance since election to the brigade, and shouted "Fi-er, fi-er," like a first-class department. Mr. Giddens organised himself into a brigade, and spoiled a pair of "pants" in the good work. Mr. Frank Howitt and other gentlemen also struggled manfully with the fire and prevented it from spreading. There was great excitement for a few minutes A great deal of loss has been experienced in different parts of tho interior through incendiarism. Tho coroner for Albury (says tho Border Post), has been travelling the district during thc week holding inquests on fires, which caused much alarm and destruc- tion of property. At "Woomargama, the fire there was .dearly the work of an incendiary, and tho finding ueoordinidy recorded. Thc owner of the property 'lestroyed - Thomis Micthcll, Esq., J.P.-hp.» oüered a roward of £50, which will be supplemented by thc Government for su'-h information as will lead to tho conviction of the offender. In thc case of Messrs. F. and J Kea:ie of Pullitop, the setting fire to their pro- perty was evidently malicious Those gentlemen offered a rc>> ard of £100, which tho coroner recommended to be supplemented. 