[?] MADCAP YIOLET. BY WILHAM BLACK. A.VTBOTBL OS1 A PBHiCKS3 OF TaULE/TSaEE ,:? s Featheus, &c.;, &c; f Published by special iuxangeoKnt mfcU the author. Allrights reserved.] Chapter XXXIX.— 'Sotn. to Soul!' All that Christmas-day, until the after noon, she spent in her lodgings, sometimes reading, sometimes staring out of window in the misty street, where the shops were shut, and the people who passed wore their Sunday clothes. She thought the cold, -lismai day would never end.. Her landlady, pitying her forlorn con dition, came up and made bold to ask her whether she would not hare something extra for her dinner, seeing it: was Christmas-day. Miss Main replied that she would be out in the afternoon, and would return for supper, as usual, in the evening. Then Mrs. Roberts called, and frankly invited the girl to so over and have dinner jpth herself and a small party of guests. Miss Main thanked her friend warmly; but said she had an engagement. In the afternoon, as it was drawing towards dusk, she put on her shawl and. bonnet, and a thick veil, and went out. The gas-lamps were being light in the misty twilight. Notwithstanding the heavy rains that had recently fallen, the atmo sphere was cold and raw ; occasionally the jeliow light from the lamps sparkled on the frosty pavements ; she vaguely knew the roads would be slippery outside the town, whither she Wcis going. It seemed strange to her to look at the people who were passing — silent, content, occupied only in thinking of the present moment, of the cold, of the hour, or the condition of the crossing. They were few in number : the streets were more deserted than on a .Sunday ; over the closed shops she saw the windows lit up — there, doubt less, were gatherings of friends, doubtless having a chat and a laugh together before the festivities of the evening began. She walked on — scarcely knowing what to think of all the world around her — until she got an omnibus bound for Victoria-station ; aud that she entered, finding herself the only passenger. It was otherwise at the station ; for here there were a good many people, mostly young men in evening dress, who were ob viously going out to parties in the suburbs. Tbey were in groups — laughing and jesting. She sat in a corner of the dimly-lit waiting room until it was time for the train to start. There were two or three friends, bound for the same house, in the carriage with her. They were joking merrily. They were young Germans, and a trifle bois terous; but she forgave the boys their high spirits — was it not Christmas- time ? As she drew near Denmark Hill station, her heart began to beat more rapidly. She recognised the voice of the porter calling out as the train stopped ; she hurried by him — scarcely looking at the wreaths of evergreens hung all around — for she was afraid he might re member her. It was the first Christmas she had omitted to pay a half-crown toll for these pleasant decorations. Up here the air was keener and clearer ; a star or two were faintly visible in the grey overhead ; the pavements sparkled with the frost ; a great silence lay over the black trees in the gardens. And through these trees and bushes she caught glimpses of glowing windows; here and there a blind lifted or a curtain pushed aside showed her brilliant rooms, and green deco rations, and figures — doubtless those of chil dren — dancing; and she heard the sounds of merry -music. One large gate stood open ; she went in a step or two, and stood by the laurel bushes. Was not this 'Sir lioger de Coverley?' There were screams of laughter, and children's voices; through the white curtains she could see that pic ture of joyousness within. When she turned away, there were tears running down her face. It was her last look at an English Christmas. At length she got into the grove ; and it was with slow steps, and with a great fear in her heart, that she drew near the house she had been wont to approach with glad ness and confidence. She looked all round ; there was not a human being visible in the thoroughfare. She ventured to go up as f aT as the house — on the other side of the road — and stood for a second or two looking at it. What she saw was plain enough — the peaked roofs, the diamond-paned win dows, the curiousfiittle verandah, and the lamp swinging over the door, uhder the porch ; what she experienced then of the wild anguish of farewell no human being will ever know. She pictured to herself the group within, in^ the small dining-room — the sick man, lying on his couch, pretending to be brave and strong, so as to help along the simple festivities, perhaps raising a glass into his lean hand and calling on them to drink a glass to their absent friends. She would not be included even in ]that. But surely they would think of her on this night of all nights in the year, and they would think not unkindly of her for the sake of old limes ? She could not bear this desperate sobbing ; it was like to break her heart. And yet it was hard to tear herself away. There was but a short distance now between her and all that she loved upon earth ; soon the great Atlantic would be between them. ' Good-by— good-by !' her heart said to them, in its yearning love and agony. ' If you knew I was so near, you would come to me — you would ask me to so in — I should not be a stranger. . . 'Perhaps there is an angel watching over that homa, to bring peace to it, and gladness. He knows why I go away. O my dearest friends, good- by — good-by for the last time !' She walked away, her head bent down, her breast heaving with its sobs. She went by those brilliantly-lit windows, whence the sound of music issued, like some mute ghost of misery. She did not walk far, however ; for she had not accomplished the chief part of her mission. After a time, when sbe had quieted herself somewhat, she began'to iQok around for some one who would become her messenger ; but it was some time bef ore she saw a single human being, the thorough fares were so deserted. At last, however, she heard a small boy approach whistling. She asked him if he would take the basket she held in her hand, with a note, and leave them ^ ft rotein d^ flk looked wriovsty at her. JSIie said' ^he would give Tiini if ? shilling, and he ^at once bonsenited.^ So'shV walked back with him to the Grove, en trusted him with die flowers and the folded piece of paper, and then hurried^ away in the gloom. James Drummond was lying on the sofa in the drawing-room, propped up by the cushion, and Amy was at the piano, playing to him. His sister entered the room, carry ing something, and said — .. a' What a strange thing ! Here is a basket of flowers for you, James — and this bit of .paper, which was handed in with them — *' Her face was quite bright. She thought it~s$ras a kindly action. She handed him the note, which he opened. The next moment she was startled by a quick cry. She turned at once, and to her horror saw her brother apparently making a fierce attempt to rise from the couch, . while his face was wild and white. 'What is it, James?' 'Sarah, Sarah I' he cried, holding out the paper with a shaking hand, 'she id alive ! I tell you that Violet is alive f ? .T know — I know — only herself would think of this^ — it is a message from soul to soul —Violet ? ' He sank baclr, speechless and exhaustel. ' \ es, James.' said his sister, soothingly. She was dreadfully alarmed hy this wild scene ; and she jumped to the conclusion that he had lapsed again into delirium. ' Perhaps they are from Violet — you must be still now ? ' ' Woman, woman !' he cried, with still another frantic effort to rise, ' don't stand there ! Send after her ! Sand after the messenger ! Who brought them ?' 'A boy,' replied Mi'3. Warrener, tho roughly bewildered, for her brother did not atroear to be delirious, though he SDoke these incoherent words. '? Send after him — quick, quick ! Ask him where he got the flowers — and the message ? ' She ran at once out into the night. If this were madness, it would soothe him to know she had obeyed him. Or was there some wild possibility — some subtle sense in his over-excited brain ? ? Well, she had not far to go ; for there was the boy, under the gas-lamp, examining the shilling, and biting it with his teeth, to prove that his good luck was not a de lusion. ' Boy,' she said hurriedly, ' you brought the flowers to our door ?' ' Yes, ma'am,' he said, suddenly plung ing the shilling into his pocket. ' Who gave you them ? Where did you get them ?' 'The lady gave me them — I met her round the comer ? ' ' What was she like ? A young lady ?' 'Yes.' 'And tall?' ' Yes, and she wore a thick veil ; and I think she was crying.' Mrs. Warrener began to tremble in every limb. ' Whicn way aia sue go r 'That way.' He pointed away down the dusky thoroughfare, which was now silent and empty. Mrs. Warrener went back to the house. Her steps were not very firm ; and her face, as she entered the room, was a3 white as that of her brother, who stared at her with eager, excited eyes. ' Oh, James — is it possible ? The boy — the boy says it was a young lady who gave him the flowevs — a tall young lady — she was veiled — and he thought she wag crying ? ' The sick man sank back on the cushion. ' Violet is alive and iu London, Sarah,' he said faintly. ' You must find her. . . . . . Alive ! . . . , Our Violet here a few minutes ago! . . . .' And then he murmured to himself, as he turned his head away from the glare of the light, 'Oh, Madcap, Madcap, what have you done'/' Chapter XL. — Uninvited Guests. There are moments of agonised thinking that shorten one's life by years. Mrs. Warrener would have appealed to her brother to come to her aid to put in order the wild suggestions that his words had conjured up, to resolve the terrible doubts which now flashed in upon her ; but he lay there silent and exhausted, that scene of excitement having obviously been too much for the feeble energies of an invalid. She was left to face the situation alone. ' Mamma, is it possible — do you think it possible Violet can be alive i'' said her daughter, whose face was as pale as her own. 'Child, child! how can I tell?' the mother replied, in a bewildered way. There were the flowers on the table, aud the rudely-written message, but it was tb? interpretation given to them that was the strange and terrible thing, like some dream warmng coming true, or the vision seen by a dying man. There could be no douU that some tall young lady had left the flowers; was it really true, then, that Violet had been all this time livino- in London, thinking about them as they about her, perhaps coming occasionally, in her love of madcap ways, to have a peep at them, herself unseen ? Then her face grew hot, aud shame and indignation were at her heart. If, after all, the girl had run away from he Highlands, why? Was it to please herself with her school-girlish roman ticism ? — she could not quite believe that of Violet. But she angrily conjectured that, if it really turned out that the girl was alive and well, it would be discovered she bad run away to rejoin her former sweet heart; and that all this long grief and regret had been visited upon her friends simply because she had not the courage to declare her intention in the Highlands. And the anger in Mrs. Warrener's gentle bosom was not directed against Violet — whose wayward ways were known — but against George Miller, who. had seen their sufferings, and still held his peace: who had come over there and hvpocritically talked of the lost Violet; who, having three or four years before pretty nearly compromised the girl's reputation, 'had now most thoroughly succeeded in doina- so, and that for life. ' 'James,' slie said, warmly, ' if Violet is alive she must have run away to go to Mr. Miller. What else could prompt her to do such a mad thing ?' Ihat is no matter,' the sick man saidV gently ; ' it is enough that she is alive. Go to her, Sarah. Tell her we are glad to know she is alive ; and see whether she is well and happy. That is all light. Don't blame her for what she has been doing.' 14 But wlwje am I to fiad tier? Qi* 'James, ^,11 this is ia sort of wild' dream. I jdon't know w^at'hasxjonae: over uff:fej=-night —on Christmas mgfrt^Hthat we are tMnkin^rv such harsh things ffbout our poo,; Violet.',' Her heart went up in a prayerof f orgiVe- neea. The memory of .that ??way ward girl' had become a pure '^d- beautiful memory. Surely, if her gentlfe spirit, on this Christ mas evening, were -looking down on the household that she used to love, she would regardwith a gentle pity and forbearance this black nightmare that had come over them. 'Mamma,' said Amy Warrener, with : teats running dovjm her face, 'if there is any chance at alt, we must try to find her. Oh, to think of getting our Violet back ! Let us go to Mr. Miller, if you think he will&now; — if there is: any chance at all, mamma ? ' Mrs. Warrener looked at those flowers once more, and she thought of the myi terious visitor. .. _' Shall we go and ask Mr. Miller ?' she said to her brother. : 'Yes/ yes !' he said, eagerly; 'that- before everything. You will find him at his father's house to-night, at Sydenham hill ; Amy knows the place. Perhaps — ijo, he could not have been so cruel — but he is a young man ; he has plenty of money an 1 time ; he will help you to seek for her. And when you find her, ask no questions of her, Sarah. Let the girl have her own secrets. What she did she was compelled to do, be sure of that. And do not ask her to come here unless she offers to do that. See that she is well, and tell her we are glad to hear news of her — that is all.' ' How sure your uncle is that she is alive,' said Mrs. Warrener to her daughter, as they hurriedly went away to dress them selves for the plunge into the cold air. ' I hope it is not all some strange dream of Ms, such as he had when lie was delirious ; you remember the night he fancied Violet wa3 sitting in the easy chair, and that she was his wife, and going over the -housekeeping accounts. Anyone would have believed it was true ; he was so anxious she should not hurt her eyes with the accounts, and the way he begged her forgiveness for being unable to give her more inonev ? ' 'But this is quite different, mamma. There is no delirium in it at all, aud, oh ! I hope it is true !' When the maid- servant was ordered to put back the dinner — the Christmas dinner — to nine o'elock, she thought her mistress had gone out of her wits. She went down and complained to her colleague in the kitchen that the house had been all at sixes and sevens since the master and missis came back from Scotland ; that there never was a laugh in the place now, ever since Miss Violet was drowned ; and that alto gether she felt so miserable and wretched that she meant to give warning. Mean while Mrs. Warrener and her daughter, considering the scarcity of trains on. .such a dav. had resolved to walk over to Svden ham-hill ; and so, with such speed as the slippery roads permitted, they went along Green-lane, descended into those Dulwich meadows in which Violet had laid tha scene of her schoolgirl novel; crossed thi meadows by narrow paths, which wt^e dark enough on this dusky- night, aud at length got into the broad highway thq^t was lit By gas-lamps. The two figuves in black, both veiled, were about the only persons visible on this Christmas. evening. As Violet had done, but with less oppres sion of heart, they glanced in at thg brilliantly- lit windows they passed fro n time to time, and heard the merry sounds of music and dancing. But of all the houses they saw on that dark night none was so brilliant as that at which they finally paused, up here on the brow of the hill. *It was a blaze of light in all directions, including a spacious conser vatory, the luminous pink and white blinds of which were visible from the gate. The glass-covered portico leading up to the door was lit by many-colored lamps ; it was clear that high festivities were going on within. Now at the moment when these two visitors presented themselves dinner w«is over, but the ladies had not left the dining room, and the butler was still there busy with the wine ; while the only person who happened to be in the hall when the bell was rung was the sister of one of the ser vants, a young girl who had been engaged as an auxiliary for the evening. Sbe opened the door. ' Is Mr, Miller at home— I nieau young Mr. Miller ?' said Mrs. Warrener. 'Yes, ma'am,' said the girl, rather timidly. She thought it was an unusual time for a visit. ' Will you please take my card to him, and say I should like to see him for a mo ment ;* I will not detain him,' The girl took the card. But she cduld not leave one who was so obviously a lady at the door; much less couhi she ask her to take a seat in the hall. Ou her own respon sibility, therefore, she asked the two visi tors if they would step into the drawing room, while she took the card to Mr. Miller. Mrs. Warrener and her daughter entered. Those two black figures looked strange in this great room, which was all a blaze of satin, white, and gold. In anticipation of the ladies coming in from the dining-room the candles had been lit up round the walls, and there was a huge fire throwing pink colors on the gleaming vriiite tiles of the hearth. Thbn the decorations: the long estoons of ivy leaves, the devices iu holly and mistletoe, the beautiful flowers placed around the spacious apartment; all this was a sight to see if the two strangers had been thinking of such things. Mr. George Miller had earned some little reputation as an orator down Sydenham way, where the people are much given to dinner-parties and other local festivities at which healths are proposed. How this Scotch custom got transferred to Sydenham is at present a mystery. Among certain classes of Scotch people it is almost impos sible for half-a-dozen persons to dine to gether without some one at the end of dinner rising up and making a speech about some one else, who, in his turn, feels bound to propose some other guest's health. Whether any colony of a people, who, howeyei taciturn in general, are prone to gabbling after dinner, ever settled in the neighborhood of Sydenham, I leave to antiquarians to discuss; but it is the fact that the young men of Sydenham are, above all others,^ trained from their youth to propose, and respond to, at & mo ment's notice, such toasts as the 'The Ladies,' 'Alwent Friends,' and the Uke, aud (ha.* (hey ftcquijfl this sa tiable pit J-y t*actic& 'la jconipatati vely email cueles.* Howeyery^oa this occasion George Mifleilli^TOmeeKCtase' for being on his feet. He was proposing- the health of his niece, Miss Maud - Leicester, who bad ' fast been brought in* fit a high chair with a oar across. Miss Maud paid not the least teed to all the beautiful -things that were feeing said about her, but was making' ! ferocious attacks on an orange which she found much difficulty ia : holding: She = looked up, however, when ^everybody called out her name and drank a glass of wine to her,- and just at the same moment the small ~ maid- servant entered the room, and placed Mrs. Warrener's card before the young master. . Mr. SiiLler was alarmed, and looked at it. He begged to be excused for a moment or two, sad left the room. When he f ouad- Mrs. Warrener and her daughter awaiting him he hurriedly asked: if anything were the matterwith Mr. urummond. 'No,' said Mrs. Warrener, making a desperate effort to remain calm, 'my brother is getting on very well. It is about another matter. Mr, Miller, do you know whether Violet North is alive ?' The suddenness of the question startled, him ; he had not been prepared for it. He only stared at her in confusion and be wilderment ; he had not an answer ready. ' Oh, Mr. Miller,' cried Amy Warrener, with a pathetic entreaty in her voice,. '' I can see yeu know where she is. She- is alive! You will tell us where Violet is?' ' Really,' said he, and then he stopped, in vexatious embarrassment, for, short of a downright lie, there- was scarcely. a word he could say that would not commit him, while silence woidd be nearly as fatal to the promise he had given Violet. 'Really — this is most extraordinary . . . Violet North alive .... and yet you come tome!' ' Yes, we come to you.' said Mrs. War rener, bitterly- ' Can you deny that she is alive ? Can you deny that you have kept this knowledge to yourself? — for what purpose I cannot tell — and have looked, on at our misery, and the misery of her- rela tives, without a touch of pity ? Oh, I am ashamed to: think of it. !' Well, George Miller began to grow angry. It became clear that, however Violet's friends had come to know of her existence, the whole pack of them would be down upon him — he, poor innocent, having nething more to do in the matter than the man in the moon. It was too bad. Here he was about to be accused of all sorts of things, with his mouth shut by that promise so that he could not say su word in his defence. ' I don't understand you, Mrs. Warren ner,' said he ; ' what makes you think that Violet is alive ?' 'Can you deny that you know she is alive ?' said Mrs. Warrener, warmly,, 'Oh,' said he, with an uaeasy laugh, ' this is madness — pure madness. If I had known she was alive, why should I have concealed it ? What should I gain' by con i cealing it ? Why, the thing is so absurd. But, tell me, what ha& suggested all this to you ? Why do you think she is alive ?' Mrs. Warrener did not answer hia ques tions : she believed them to be mere empty phrases. It was clear to her, from his re fusal to deny his knowledge of Violet's existence, that all this wild story was true ; and that her brother's sudden and strange interpretation of the message was some thing more than the morbid fancy of a sick man. 'And so you will not tell us where Violet is ?' she said, firmly. At this moment the door was opened by a servant, who did not know there was anybody in the drawing-rooni,|and the ladies from the dining- room trooped in. Certainly they looked sufficiently astonished to find Mr. Miller, obviously in great embarass ment, standing in earnest conversation with those two persons dressed in deep mourn ing; and, indeed, the two black figures formed a singular contrast to the blaze of costume worn by Mrs. Miller and her friends. ' Mother,' said the young man, hastily, to a tall and stately -woman, fair aud -good- looking, who wore heavy bracelets ; ' let me introduce you to Mrs. 'Warrener and her daughter ; you have heard me speak of them.:' Mrs. Miller bowed coldly ; she thought it was an inopportune moment for a visit. ' And I will tell you why my daughter and myself -are here at such an hour,' said Mrs. Warrener, with courage, and she spoke rapidly and with great emotion. 'Some months ago a young friend of ours-rshe was our greatest friend — was supposed to be drowned, when she was on a visit with us to tike Ilighlands. She was not diwned. She ran away— why, I do not ^-- anj we have mourned *for her as if she' were dead, for she was very dear to us. And now your son here, who knows where she is, who has allowed her relatives to grieve for her all this time — he will not say a single word to restore the girl to her friends. Are you surprised that — that I should intrude on you when that is what I have come to ask him. Her voice trembled with indignation, and she made no effort to conceal her story from these strangers, who looked on in amazement. ' Oeorge, what is this ?' said .the tall, fair woman, remaining quite calm. ' Is it about Miss North ?'.. His face was red with vexation, and there was an angry frown on his ? brows. He would have liked to have got hold of Violet at that moment to say, ' Look here ; this is a pretty thing you have let me in for 1' But as it was he had to answer something. It was an ugly indictment. ' I suppose it is about Miss North,' said he, sulkily ; ' she caused me enough trouble when she was alive, and it seems .1 have not done with it yet. Perhaps Mrs. War rener will tell you what reasons-she lias for believing all this extraordinary story-; I can't make them out,' 'If I were [a man,' said the pale little woman, with increasing indignation, ' I should be ashamed to make such pretences. ' If you Lave had no pity on the girl's familv or on her friends all this time, at least do something to repair the wrong . Jjy speaking -nowi Mr. Miller, where is Violeti' ; - She suddenly altered her tone tb jirae of piteous entrea'ty. ' I don't know where she is.' he answered, angrily, 'I dou't care where she is— L * I am informed that commercial travellers are greatly addicted to the making of speeches after dinner. This may .arise from their having so frequently to dine together in country inns with no other form o£ intellectual esercisQ to fall dotft want to 'know anything' about her— ». I wish to goodness skejwas at the bottom of the^ea.' 'L. ??'??. ^- ? .? ;' ?; ????..??-:??*? 'George^ his mother said, severely, u this is strange language, /temember you are speaking to a lady. And you certainly seem to suggest that Miss North is not at the bottom of the sea, as her friends sup posed she was* ?'- Do you know where she Is?' ..'-..- ; ?, -, ,t» ' I don't ihow anything about it.' ' « Ask him, Mr& MiUer,' said Mrs. War rener, suddenly bursting into- . tears, '.ask him if he can deny that our Violet is alive. Ask him if he has not seen her — If he does not know tS&t; she is alive ?' ' George^ answer at once !' 'What is the use of answering1 -8uch questions ? Doesn't - everybody Zlbow tfe» girl is dead ?* His mother regarded him narrowly, and said, slowly — . -??.,. 'You must answer me, then. Do you believe the girl to be dead ?' . ' It is none of my business,' saiat be, im ; patiently ; ' if her friends think sbe? is alive, , let them find her. I have nothing to do with her. I tefl you I don't know Tirhera ! she is.' ; ' Oh, shame on you 1' said Mrs*. War reuner ; ' I did not believe a human being* eould be so cruel, 6& indifferent, so heart less. But I will appeal to the girl's father; ! it is. he who must take the matter into his hands. Mrs. Miller, I beg your pardon, and your friends' pardon, for this intrusion. i I am sorry to hare caused you teauble. ; Goaier Amy.' : The little woman was crying. She . merely bowed as she turned away, but Mrs. Miller took her hand, and pressed it wannlv, and accompanied her into tha I haU. * 'All this is very strange, Mrs. War rener,' said she, in kindly accents, 'and the conduct of my son, if he really knows about this girl being alive, is most inex cusable. Believe me, I will see what can be done to get the matter properly, ex plained. Don't think the worst of. him just yet ; there may be some reason we don't know.' Many strange and conflicting emotions passed through Mrs. Warrener's heart as she and her daughter went home through. the dusky night, and she scarcely knew whether to be glad or sad when she in formed her brother of the result of her mission. 'Amy,' she said, 'you saw his face. Can you doubt that he knows ?' ' Not in the least, mamma,' was the prompt answer. ' And then, James, his absolute refusal to deny that lie had seen her since we ?rera in the Highlands. His mother pressedliini to answer ; it was no use. It is clear to me as noonday that he knows where Violet is.' 'That is not much matter,' said the invalid, absently; 'the great fact is that Violet eiill remains to us — we may see her yet, coming in by the door there, with the bashful, amused look she used to have. We will ask her; no questions at all; she has a right to her own secrets.' ' That is all very well, James,' said his sister, with some touch of indignation in Ler voice, ' but I can't help thinkingkpf all we have suffered, and you especially, all on account of this foolish trick. What was the cause of your illness? — I know very well. And her poor father too. When I think of that young 'man, Miller, and of hia having known this all along, and his bypocrisy in coming here — oh, I don't know what to think; I don't know which of th& two is the worse.' ' Sarah,' you must say no word against A'iolet. You know nothing against her; you know nothing of the circumstances. It is enough that she is alive.' The small maid-servant brought iji the Christinas-dinner; it was not a gorgeous feast. The invalid had bis plate placed on a chair by the side of his couch. When . the banquet was over he turned to his niece. 'Amy,' said he, ?'fill up these threa glasses. Sarah, we are going- to drink health and happiness to our Violet-^-iong life, and health, and happiness, and many more Christmas evenings pleasanter than I expect this one has been to her. I never thought we should be able to do that. Wherever she is, whatever may have been her reason for leaving us, whether we ever see her again or not, no matter. Here is to her long life and happiness, and Grod bless her!'' ? ?' Mrs. Warrener looked at the lean and trembling band that held up the glass, and there was but a doubtful ' Amen!' in her, heart, - =,-._.— 