THE H'AUNTED HQUSE, oni -TEB- SHADOW AT RIVER HALL Br 15.s. JI. Iti nloDz.L, Asenoa oP A LTar's Assize, fsonis Gi~ril, &c.; ,.CSA1'T.i XI" (Ooas?vice.) ",Onss It is you, is it ?"- said the lady. ii The girl told me that someone was waltiag.. Hot and swift ran the colour to my adored one's checks. -" Aunt," she observed, "I think you forget this gentleman comes from dlr. Craven." "Oh, no i my dear, I don't forget MIr. Crave,, or his clerks either," re sponded Miss Blake, as, still cloaked and bonnetted, she tore open Mr. Craven's envelope. "'I am to take back an answer, I think," said I. " You are, I see," she answered. " He's getting mighty particular, is William Craven. I suppose he thinks I am going to cheat him out of his paltry ten pounds Ten pounds, in deed I snd what is that, I should like to know, to us in our present straits I Why, I had more than twice ten yester day from a ma,, on whom we had no claim-none whatever, who, without asking, offered it in our need." -:"Aunt," said Mliss Elmsdale, warn '.ingly. Inf you will kindly give me your ncknowledgment, Miss Blake, I should like to be getting back to Buckinghsm Street," 1 said "Mr. Craven will wonder at my absence." "Not a bit of it," retorted Miss Blake. ' You and MIr Craven under stand eaeh other, or I am very much •mistaken; but hero is the receipt, and "good day to you." 'I should have merely bowed my fare well,' but that Miss Elmedale' stood up valiantly. ' "Good-bye; Mr. Patterson," she "said,. holding out her dainty hand, and lettiug it lie in mine while she spoke. "1L am very much obliged to you. I can never forget what you have done and dared in our interests." ' " And I went out of the room, and de scended the stairs, and opened the front door, she looking gracefully over the balusters the while, happy, ay, and I more than happy. What would I not have done and d dared at that moment for lielens Ellns •daole?' Ah I yo lovers, answer 1 . . CnaPrtzs XI. 'HELP. .- "There has been i gentleman to look :at the house, sir, this afternoons" said 'Mrs. Stott to me, when, wet end tired, S::arrived, a few evenings after my in. t.orviow' with Miss Elmedalo, at' River .Hull.. .· ..'H To look at the house 1" I repeated, " Wliy, it is not to let." I' £ know that, sir, but he brought an' order from Mr. Craven's office to allowv him to see over the place, and to showi '.him all abiout. :For a widowed ladyt ifrom the country, he said he wanted) "it." A' very nice gentleman, sir; onlyl -.lie;did ask a lot of questions, surelyl -,-,":Whait sort of questions ?" I in quired. "?Ohl as to why the tennants didi not stop here, and if I thought there was anything queer about the place; and he asked how you liked it, asnd how long you were going to stay; and if you had seen aught strange in the house." "Did he leave the order y u spoke of just now behind him ?" "Yes, sir. HO wanted me to give it back to hiim, but I said I must keep it for you to see. So then he laughed, and made the remark that he supposed if he brought the lady to se thle place, I would let him in again. A pleasant spoken gontleman, sir-gave me a shilling, though I told him I did not require it." Meantime I was reading the order, written by Taylor, and dated two years back. " "What sort of looking man was he 7" I asked. ", Well, sir, there was not anything partioular about him in any way. Not a tall gentleman, not near so tall as you, sir; getting into years, but still very active and light-footed, though with something of a halt in his way of walk ing. I oauld nat rightly ma:ke out what it was; nor what it was that caused him to look a little crooked when you saw him from behind. •'" Very 'lean, sir; looked as if the dinners he had eaten done him no good Seemed as if, for all his pleasant ways, heimust hlave seen trouble, his. face was so worn-lilke." " Did he say if he thought the house would suit ?" I inquired. " He said it was a very aiico house, sir, and that he imagined anybody not afraid of ghosts might spend two thou sand a year in it very comfortably. He said he should bring the lady to see the place, and asked me particularly if I was always at anad, its case he should come tolerably early is tise morning." " Oh L" was my comment, antd I walked into the dining-room, wondering what the meaning of Ibis isew tnove might be ; for Mrs. Stott had described, to the beat of her ability, the maan who stood watching our offices in, London; and- good heavens h-yes, the man I had encounttred in the lane leading to River Hall, when I went to the Haunted House, after Colonel Morris' depar turo. " This is the man," thought I, " and he has some close, and deep, and secret interest in the mystery associated with this place, the origin of which I must discover." 2's be eoltinuedt A sailor being slked hoo iho liked Isis brids, ieplied, " Whyi dy'e sic, I took Ier tsr to be only half of ne, as tho parson says; but dash me if she isn't twice so nmuch as 1. Im only a ar, bet shO la a Tartar i" 