fnRCOLONIAL TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. Kroui Associated Prees Telecranis.) idnkv, August 25.—It is understood that the i.ur received a despatch, though not of recent Dialing that war between England and i was imminent. In the Supreme Court the ii in Perkins v. O'Conner, for an injunction Strain defendant from selling certain blocks of near the boundaries of South Australia ueensland, has l>een disaiissed. sBASK, August 28. — The Exhibition is now illy cloned, but at the request of the public remain o|ien a few days longer ; the receipts amounted to £1500. His Excellency the rnor was present at the luncheon given to-day council of the National Agricultural :>nd strial Association to the New South Wales iioionerM; tlie repast consisted chiefly of pre- :.l meats and other colonial products; the hes expressed a hearty desire of a closer uniou the two colonies. mjy, August 29 —Major Roberts, an,'officcr rimeau experience, has been appointed to the Hand of the volunteer and permanent artillery Lieut-Colonel Richardson has been proto the rai.k of colonel. The Government nff-n-d £5(1 reward for information with re- : til the body of a child fouud in the harbour, ^ould, a meralier of the Assembly, died yes- John \VengelL, a German, was executed mnrniue in Brisbane goal for murder. The vine-selling licence under the new act was «1 to-day. Reprieve and New Holland are Iciieri for all Randwick engagements. i.i-AiDK. August 29.-The Hamley Bridge kUiaclava Railway Bill has passed through littee in the Assembly. The House is now Bering the Supreme Court Bill. A man l'i wer has been burned to death in a room : Sailnrs* Home at Port Adelaide. Sir G. S. k..u. the Speaker, has so far recovered as to be l't atain preside in the Assembly. A relecram |Pnit Darwin states that Johann Frederick |'l, while "proceeding by boat to Port . ndled overboard, and was drowned. Llinoton, August 29.—Sir Julius Vogel this W announced m the House that be and his |_'i:os had resigned their seats in the Ex- "ouiieil, and that Major Atkinson, the r of ImmiL'ration. had been aRked l>y the [nor to form a Government. It is understood Ike personnel of the new Ministry will be the as tne last except as to the ap|tointment of a hnn in the place of Sir Julius Vogel. who goes [alter the session, most probahly as Agent- Mr. Hautfhtnn, Undi'r-Becrotury for ^ration, has betn arrested, charged with an •tl offence. kv, Ausgust 30.—A New South Wales Society was formed last night. The H l'limsoll, which left quarantine yesterday, 12 immigrants ou board. The Wambiana niter's) sale, in the Dubbo district, took [ni -Saturday ; the principal purchases were on "land accouut, and the prices realised a total hill. Ibvne, August 30.--The total receipts for li 'ii to the Exhibition amounted to £1550 ; lililing ami var.ls are being rapidly cleared. Iuidk, August 3(1. —Mr. E. M. Bagot, alarge | sandman, bas called a meeting of creditors Friday; the liabilities are said to be very Iovement of Reserves :—'The following ptioii appears in the Government Oazette:— [attention of the Government having been fl to numerous instances in which Crown hi under pastoral leases, included in areas M from sale until surveyed, under the 4th (*»f tlie Ciown Lands Alienation Act of 1861, ' preservation of water supply or other ir.rpoFes. have been improved by the lessees, Iplie.l for to be purchased in virtue of s"ch it is deemed advisable to state for "mialion of parties interested, that in no is tlie fact of such improvements being made iv riirht upon the lessee of such land to tlie same or to any mod'fication of the f tn admit thereof; and that in the event of Icli reserve bring at any time revoked, and f'i measured for sale, it will be liable to be I Iiy cnnditi'inal sale or biought toauction at c-t price as the Government mav deem i without any other consideration for such leuicuts than that prescribed by law. [I'P.V painful rumour," says the Ovetu and |;/ AdnrliKer. " has been in circulation tor i-iys concerning Father Helv. late I to the Hev. T. J. Ecan, Roman Catholic f'lii, Wansar.itta, The reverend gentleman !i:iti>e almut the end of May last, and it >'»ted tlint he had left in a rather my«teratinor. However, he was traced to Miijor ]-!»'l afterwards to Albury, and then, we be- l'»t Msht of. It may be in the recollection [^r<-.-iil,.rs 0f an B{frnv taking place at some " -liou«tf near Narrindera between the f'Utli Wales pnlice ami a rather notorious "f the name of Turner, who was wanted to some offei.ee committed by him at the limine. The police called on the sup|H>sed ier to surrender, but he refused to do so, cunp.'tjueiiee was shots were exchanged. ] l I'ii-iii FhiIut Hely, who showed signs of ("eity before lie left Wangaratta. The rer f i"ce been confirmed by intelligence from source." general regret was expressed in town, e Melbourne Herald, when it became l«iat the bills of Messrs. Whitney, Chambers (I f' 1 e "id established ironmongery firm had FWrned, and that it was probable the estate fi 1,lto liquidation, the liabilities outside the I™' )>eing stated at between £25,000 and The tirin is, we believe, th^ oldes£-eeU4>* tae basiaew in Mslboura*. j Operation op the Tahiff on both sides or the Mubray.—Last week an elderly woman who resides in Albuiy bad occasion to send a present of a piece of bacon, weighing about 121bs, to her daughter, who resides at Wodonga, and for what we know may not lie in affluent circumstances. The messenger, a little girl, on crossing the bridge into Victoria, was accosted by a custom-house officer, and the conversation ended '>n her paying 2s.—2d per lb—duty on the bacon. Surely Victoriaus of the poorer classes should protest against such a system of black-mailing. Next day a man from Barnawartha, who free-selected land on the Billabong, crossed into New South Wales, and had ratiouB for his family sufficient for a month—including tea. sugar, flour, bacon, and even a bottle or two of spirits—and yet he was allowed to travel unmolested by the Customs officials at Albury. We do not attach any blame to the officets—they have their instructions, and must obey. The petty annoyauces on the border are almost unbearable, and something should be done to put a finality to such a system.— We (Bendigo Advertiser) are informed that tho squatters on the West Loddon, north of Wedderburn, are in a quandary as to what is happening to their flocks. Nearly every one of them has tens and hundreds missings. A detective has been engaged to shepherd the iiocks, but as yet he has proved no better than an ordinary " boundary rider." Just before last shearing season a squatter was I ringing home a flock of nearly 1000 stragglers, which had been found scattered about in different places, and returned to their proper owner after the "annual mustering" previous to shearing. About twenty miles from the station the men in charge camped for the niuht, but somehow or other in the morning, not a horn or a hoof of the flock could be seen ; neither have they been seeu or heard of since. What has become of them is a mystery iudeed. It is thought that there must be an organised and Bkilfully-conducted association for the purpose of sheep-stealing on a large scale. However the thing has been earned to such a pitch that somebody mu>t, sooner or later, be brought to justice, and the mystery cleared up. Cobar.—We are reliably informed that police stations will be established at Louth and Cobar, and the rieine importance of those places warrant the step. There bus been within the last two years sixteen stations formed within forty-five miles of Cobar. Upwards of 60,000 sheep have passed through that township wulmi the last three months, as aI?o a great number of cattle. There are now on tlie erouiid at Cobar 200 tons of copper ore ready for refining. There are also 175 tons of refined copper. Twelve teams are required for twelve months to draw copper, end there are about twenty teams employed drawing wood and charcoal for the above mines ; 10D men are now employed, and there is work for about fifty more. One thousand pounds are expended monthly in the working of the mines. Three hundred persons would be ahout a fair estimate of the population of Cobar. There are three public-houses, two stores, Postoffice, two blacksmith's shops, one wheelwright, one conch painter, ono baker, one shoemaker, and a photographer. Oil the Company's ground are two blacksmith's forges, and a carpenter's shop, a brick kiln, a weiph-hridge, and ten tanks containing water. There are great complaints about Mo pone tank being used by a sheep station.— It is not often in these practical days, that we hear of a real live ghost re- vistiug the glimpses of the moon, making night hideous. VVilliamston has, however, been sorely exercised by the appearance, at intervals, of a female apparition, clad in the usual white garments. This thine appeared again last night, as the Inspector uf Nuisances, Mr. R. Hammond, can testify to his cor-t, for be was, this morning, cited to appear at the Police'Court, of VViliiauiston. for having assaulted the ghost. The worthy inspector was taking his evening walk on the 21*t instant, wheu In; was aroused from his meditations by a boy cabling out to biin " Look . r . i , iij rj- c ii out for the ghost. Turning the corner of the cemetry road, be saw the mysterious visitor ap- D r oachin" . , him, clad in j complete . calico, and in an „ ec- stacy of surprise and perhaps terror struck a blow at the appaiition with a stick. Instead, bow- 1 ever, of cutting the ambient air, the blow descended with a Bound thwack on the bead of a licing of flesh and blood. The female thus smitten has summoned the in?]>ector for assault, stating that s ie was in the habit of goiug out at night with ber skirt over her head, not for the puqiose of personating a ghost, hut for the purpose of collect- ing her stray children. ngust 20. The following were the principal awards to prize stock exhibited at the • Queensland Exhibition : — Blood bay mare, 11. Dawliiu, of Victoria, took second prize; Durham and shorthorn roau bull, same exhibitor took first prize ; for the Hereford bull of three years and over. General John, owned by Mr. Nowlan, took lirxt prize ; the Hereford bull of two years old and under three, St. Clair, second ; G. Loder, of Sydney, took first prize for Pioneer ; J. Nowlan. of MaitIan-1, was second with Prince Altiert; the same exhibitor was comoiended for the Hereford bull and under two. Pearl Diver the 4th ; J. Nowlan. of Maitland, was second for the Hereford bull calf six mouths and uuder twelve. Finev.oolled sheep—The merino clothing ewe was won by Shanahan and Jennings, of the Darling Djwns. Coaree-wootled Bheep One Lincoln ram of any age, by Oawbin. of Victoria, took first and second prize ; for one Leicester ram of any age, J. Brown took first prize, being the only exhibitor ; tor liest aud most valuable six fleeces, Bell and Sous, of Jimbour took liret, and C. B. Fisher second ; for woollen fabrics, J. Vicars, of Sydney, took first prize for the only exhibit in tweeds, which was much admired. "The Dkvil's Chain."--When the author of "Ginx's Baliy" wrote the book entitled "The Devil's Chain" professedly a- his contribution to the crusade against intemperance, he was fiercely attacked by nearly all the stronger critics as liavinnculpabiy exaggerated the mischief wrought by strong drink It was held that his pictures of the fearful transformations of ni^n and women into brutes or devils were trrossly overdrawn. But what would Mr. Jeiikin'a critics have said if they had sat in me Central Criminal Court of Sydney a few days ago, and heard the evidence which was elicited by the Attoriiey-Gener.il in the case of Patrick Grogau, convicted ot the manslaughter of Ins wile? That evidence revealed a link of the devil'? chain without any strained rhetoric. The prisoner was a drunkard, and what else lie hecair.e through his drunkenness is enough to harrow the feelings of every unhardeued nasure in this city i.f Sydney. His" wife, stricken with ^consumption, and therefore possessing a double claim to h;s protecting and cherishing love—was his victim, and for cruelly ill-using and starving her to death he is condemned to pass three years in Darlinghurst gaol. The story of the woman's suff.-riiig-i is well- nii:h incredible. Before the hitter end came she was starved, cursed, and brut.tlly neg ected. The earnings ol two boys had to pay the rent ami supply the cupboard. The family lived in dnad of the man who sliouUI have been its stay and strength. Whatever he ea: ned he spent on drink, and it was his habit to tumble i ito his home in ibe small hours, and vent his bruti-hness on its helpless inmates. Six weeks before the woman's death he turned her out into the street after midnight for two hours. Two weeks after that she bore him a child. For a month she l.iy on a sofa covered Iiy a piece of old unstuffrd mattress ticking, and with nothing but an old rug to keep her warm through thecotd nitihts. Consumption, maternity, inhumm, neglect— what a territile combination, and what a happy release death must have been! Tne postmortem examination showed only half a te ispuouf ul of lood in her stomach. This if a ghastly story of suffering, which may well nerve men to enter iiito the direct ai.d uncompromising conflict with .in- temperance. At the annual ram sale at Melbourne, on Toesday, by Messrs. Powers, llutherford, and Co. (says the' Telegraph), the caialogue comprised Merino. Lincoln, Leicester, and Cotswold sheep. Oil acaccount of Messrs. Thomas Dowling and Son, of Darlington, thirty jiure Merino stud rams were submitted, the highest price obtained being 65 guineas for a four-tooth ram by Sir James, Mr. Wm. Laidlaw being the purchaser. Twenty-three pure Merino rams were next submitted, on account of Mr. \V. Camming, of Mount Fyans. Prices ranging from 15 guineas to 131) guineas were obtained, Mr. G. Aitkcn being the buyer of a sixtooth ram at the latter figure. Of the twenty-two four-tooth pure Merino rauis offered on account of Mr. E. Greene, of Skipton, the highest figure realised was 80 guiueas, from Mr. H. Creswick, of Kiverina. Nine special stud rams owned by Mr. T. E. Cumming, of Darlington, were offered, and three sold at 60 guineas, 9!) guineas, and 135 guineas respectively, Messrs. J. and G. Baleigh giving the highest figure for a six tooth ram. Four four- tooth pure Lincoln rams, sold on account of Messrs. W. and O. Skenes and Hiahton, realised from 7 guineas to 35 guineas. A few Yaugcry Lincoln rains, from Messrs. A. and 11. Urquhart, brought from 7 guineas to 20 guineas Ten pure Lincoln rams, offered on account of Mr. Albert guineas to mil guineas, .. namlKHjl, being the. purchaser at the latter pnea Of the fifty-nine four-tooth Lincoln rams, trom Messrs. J. and S. Austin, the highest price realised was 36 ghineas. Border Pott. Central Australian. —Herald, A —Echo. 