" THE DECAY OF RURAL TRADITION: ( From the Saturday Ttenew.) It is certain that, with our great andadvance- iiig social changes, the old memories and tradi tfcins have been disappearing fast. Our Sibyl with her volumes of local history, in repeating the experience of her prophetic predecessor. The. reason is not far to seek- Let anyone plunge .info tlie depth of even, a moderately remote country district, such, for instance as that which l,i<is. beneath him from Malvern to the west and ..north-west, and eschewing every highway ivith a trace of Macadam about it, search out the an cient ways to 'which old maps or his own ej-cs may guide him — tlie main lines of packliorse communication or the cross-roads which led to market. He- will probably .soon.discover, when his path touches some modern road, a wooden receptacle resembling half a Noah's Ark, nailed 'mra gatepost-'orliuiigin a tree ; arid lie; will rigTd1ytTF'-ll1<;, that . this is meant for a rurtic posiofliee.- Let-!m> after, the first. inevitable smile at the wayoi!i»f5e people, cany back" bis thoughts to- their life iiHlhays before this ".scent" of the world's " paper 'eTTaSEgv18 laid'there, and when their only roads were fflfr- -oUr tracks which lie had been following. The people certainly could not write. For the most part, 'they could not read either; if they could-,- the Bible and Prayer-book, and the broadsheets of carols or of songs from the pack of the in frequent pedlar, made up the bulk of their avail- table literature; while 'wonderful prescriptions for the cure of rheumatism or of the stone might be found preserved in. quaint M.S. on a fly-leaf in the singing-gallery. After the day's labour, by the farm kitchen fire, in the summer twilight of the long wintery evening, almost their only mental and intellectual resource would .lie in \- telling over the old stories and sayings, and in singing the old ballads and rltymes. Such edu cation as there was current would run in the same grooves. The baby must be sung to sleep ; the restless or fractious child must be soothed by a story ; tlie dame would teach the carol which she knew, and the prayer which she herself had once learnt. Thus the traditions remained, and, which is of still more importance, traditionary legends received uncriticising belief. The parish clerk, a corporation sole, was their ordinary trustee ; and the self- elective heirarch of village singers in the larger parishes kept up the succes sion of ballads and graver tunes. Another element in rural life and society had an important influence on the preservation of" this unwritten literature. Mr. Hughes was the .first to point out, in "Tom Brown," that the vates sacer of the hall and the rectory had ceased, or is ceasing, to perform his once established custom of learning in his boyhood and preserv ing in his later years the traditions of his home neighbourhood He had not in his old days be come the cosmopolitan that be is now ; his early interests were very much confined, to the narrow circle of his home : and the stories which he" picked up in the nursery and the. village were re tained in a mind more intelligent than those of nurses and labourers, if not equally credulous. Tlie existing condition of our social system through all. its grades is fatal to the mainten ance of such a state of things.. Oral traditions ; are dying out, and those which have not already been preserved, or which cannot now be collected in bobks, must gradually cease to be. It is not within our present purpose to comment on the social or .moral aspects of this change, with the causes and progress of which alone we are con cerned. It is needless also to do more than re- . fer to the altered condition and oppoituiiities of popular knowledge and to the increased mental supplies for even the most uneducated modern labourer, which will have been sufficiently indi cated by contrast with the condition already de scribed. As a consequence of these, however, it is plain that the old local legends a:ul traditions are no longer believed. Older people who may have heard them in their childhood are either . ashamed of-them or do not care to repeat them ; and, they may occasionally be. extracted by care ful cross-examination, tlie very process implies that their heads must already have been set down in the questioner's brief. Tlie school and clergyman together have done a great deal, partly of deliberate purpose and, ' partly by indirect action, to banish the old carols and tlie miscellaneous local rhymes or doggerel .from .the storehouse of childish memory. In a neighbourhood where, riot forty years ago, eveiy village child,- when asked as to his or her pray ers, would reply,'." I - says 'Our Father,' and 'L believe,' - and ' Matthew, Mark, Luke, and. John,'" there, is not a single child, in a school specially questioned for the purpose, was found to be acquainted even with the name of the old Angelo-Evangelistic invocation. The combined efforts of "two or three educated me- ; jnofies iriay perhaps recover the whole of the curious " Catherine and Clement" rhymes as sociated in West Worcestershire with the chil- Sdren's custom off ; begging, for apples in the last . week of November ; but tlie legendary fame of St. Catherine has almost entirely died out of . rememberance iri the Teme- valley district, where fifty years since it. continued in undiminished freshness. The tract's- of the Saint's " Mare -and Colt," and of the irpn patten-rings of the " ihaid"who stole them, ; may be found still by the curious upon blocks of the Old Red Saffd- \- stone lying' in the devious course of the brooks |;(and of their tributary rills as well), down which' the animals were led to avoid detection ; but probably there is not an inhabitant of the 5 district now living who would not laugh -at the . belief which was firmly held there in the early part of the present century. Drainage has dis posed ;of, the. will-o'-the-wisp Avho,. was konwn as ja coriteinporaty-ih the same region aricl the .rural policeman (vice the parson, withdrawn) has effectually laid the ghosts. . It is, there fore, without much anticipation of any large ;measiire.-of success that we offer a hearty wel come to the proposal lately issned:by our Work cester contemporary, and express our hope that all who. are able -to assist in carrying it out will co-operate in furnishing the materials. Every year will make tlie work less susceptahle of efficient performance. It should be remembered however-, that a record of ancient local customs and traditions is not the same tiling as a mis cellany of recent " facetiie" and personal gossip ; while, for want of the better material, a tendency to supply the inferior may very naturally be. looked for. The promoters of the " old Worces tershire" collection have evidently been aware of . this probability ; and the column now published weekly is a mere gathering. of rough material, to be sorted and sifted at a future time, for tlio purposes of the ultimate publication. Posterity will no doubt acknowledge the large debt of gratitude which it owes to the Education Department, the Training Colleges, and perhaps even to Spelling Bees, and the Daily Telegraph, for the spread of that higher enlightenment which, from its centres in- tlie towns, has illu mined the depth off remoto valleys in . the rural districts.. 