SELECTED POETBY. THE CLOSING SCENE. The following is pronounced by the Westmin ster Review to be unquestionably the finest American poem ever written:— Within the sober realm of leafless trees The russet year inhalecLthe dream;, air; Jjike some tanned reaper, in his hour of ease, When rail the- fields are looking brown and bare. The grey barns looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening into vales, JESent down the aitt: a greeting to the mills, Onthedull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds sub dued, • {The hills seemed: farther and the stream sang . low, • •. . . - As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a muffled blow. .The embattled forests, erewhile armed'with gold, ' • \- The banner bright with every martial hue, j Jfpw srood Jite eome.sad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar intime's remotest blue. j Onsombre wings thevulfcuretried his flight; ] The dove scarce heard his sighing mates com plaint; : And like a star, slow drowning in the light, The: Tillage church vane seemed to pale and faint. The sentinel cock np in the hill side crew— Crew thrice—and -all was stiller than before ; Silent, till jsome replying warden blew . His alien horn, and then was heard no more. \- Where erst ^he jay, within the elm's tall crest, Made gaTrulous trouble round her unfledged ypung; Apd where the ^oriole hung her swaying nest, . . By every light wind like a censer swung. Where Bang the noisy martins in the eaves, • The "busy swallows circling ever near— foreboding-as the rustic mind-believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year, -Where every bird that waited the vernal feast • Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at mora,' To warn the reaper of the irosy East— ; And-now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; Alone the pheasant drumming in the vale. Madeeeho in the distance to the cottage loom. There ivas no ciid,.no bloom upon the bowers, The spiders moved their thin shrouds night by night, The thistle down, the only ghost of flowers, . Sailed slowly-by—passed noisless out of sight. Amid all this, in this most dreary air, And where the woodbine sheds upon -the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, . Siring the floor with its inverted torch ; Amid all this, the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, iPlied the swift wheel, and. with her joyous mien Sat like fate and watched the flying thread. £llie had known sorrow. He had walked with her; Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen ■ . • crust, And in the dead leaves she still heard the stir ' / Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. \VhUe yet, her face was bright with summer bloom, Her/counfciry summoned and she gave her all i And twice war bowed to her sable plume— Begg,ve the sword to hang upon the wall. Begave the sword, but not the hand that drew \- And struck for liberty the dying blow; STor him who, to his sire and country true, • Fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. I/ong, but not loud, the droning wheel went on ' Like that low murmur of a hive at noon ; |jong,-but not loud, the memory of the gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, her head was bowed ; Life dropped the distaff through her hands serene; ' And loving neighbours smooth ber careful shroud, While death and winter close -the autumn scene. T- B. Bead. 