NEWS OF THE DAY. Elsewhere we publish English telegram? to 22nd inst., bringing additional intelli gence with respect to the aspect of affairs in the East, and also containing other items of general interest. From a New York telegram, of 21st inst., it will be seen that an error was made in the first instance in transmitting the Bcores made at the International Ride Con test, Crcedmore, the Scotch team having beaten the Australians by one point, instead of having been beaten. Possibly when the next match under similar conditions takes place at Washington, these .positions may be reversed. The select committee appointed to inqhfre into the case of Mr. 'Eaton, formerly of .te . Public Works department have conelnded their labors, and on Tuesday will probably present their rrport to the House. This we understand, is altogether favorable to Mr. Eaton. From tho fresh evidence ad- , n, le" thn the l tcrtimonv afforded by several of tho witnesses previ. ously examined, it would seem that this old civil servant has been verv hardly dealt with in being dismissed tba service. Tho draft report, which has been drawn up, nnd which awaits final adoption recommends his reinstatement in his former position ; or, in the evoht of this being con- nidered inadvisable, that ho should receive compensation for his deprivation of office whioh followed upon the report sent in some time ago by the board which dealt with hia case. From the account of onr special reporter published in another column, it will be seen that the ceremonies attendant upon tho opening of tho branch line to Beeohworth yesterday were very successfully carried out, A committee meeting of tho Melbourne Orphan Asylum was held yesterday after, noon, in the Athenmnm. Thero were only nine persons present, and Judge Pohlman occupied the chair. The followiug proposed additional regulations were authorised to be printed for the information of the com. mittee !l 1. A boarding-out sub.commitea" shall be appointed for the purpose of docij, ing upon applications for children under these regulations ; such sub-committee shall consist of one lady, one clergyman and one layman of each of the live religious denoini. nations represented oti the committee, and shall meet once in every month, three to form a quorum. 2. Applications for children to be boarded out must first be approved bv the visiting ooinnnttees of the districts in which tho npplicants reside, nnd be for. warded in the printed form A to the secret tary at tho asylum, who shall register then! in a hook to ho kept for that purpose and shall submit them, if properly oertiried in the manner provided in these regulations to the boarding-out sub-committee. The sig. nature of tho chairman endorsed upon such application at the meetings at which tba applications are approved shall he the ra. rant for tho placing out of the child." Mr. MuUcr gave notice of tho following motion to bo moved by him at next meeting :-L "For- a return of the number of children removed from the Orphan Asylum during the last two months, and for tho superintendent to state if these removals were authorised by the ladies' sub-committee, and, if not, hon many removals were not so authorised." Tho meeting was then adjourned till the 27th proximo. A somewhat unusual case, under fit Wines, Beer and Spirits Sale Statute, wit brought before the City Bench yester day. Some time ago n money-lender named Allan advanced a sum of £i to Mrs. Allmnn, of Allwan's Hotel, Bourko-street west, upon tho security ol a bill of sale over tho stock, furniture and licence of tho hotel. OAthcllth inst. bt foreclosed, aud put a man named Green in possession. Subsequently, on tho authority of a powor-of-attorney, giving entire power to act for Mrs. Alhnan, Green signed a transfer of the licence to himself, witbost applying to the licensing bench, or taking other formalities. He then carried on the business by bimsolf. Mr. Martin Evans, the revenue inspector, consequently summoned him for selling without n licence. Green then made an application for a transfer. Both cases were heard by Mr. Sturt yester day, and, as it was explained by Mr. Purree, who appeared for tho dofonee, that what hud taken place had been through ignorance of tho law, the bench postponed the matter for seven days, on the understanding that io the meantime tho hotel should be closed pending proper arrangements being madefot the carrying on of the business in a legal manner. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, oc the body of the woman who was found dead in the Melbourne Cemetery on Thursday afternoon. Mary Byrne, wife of Patrick Byrne, a laborer residing in M'Jntyre-lane, identified the body as that of Winifred Daltou, aged eixty-livo years. She was a widow, and left no family. Two of her children were buried in tho Melboursi Cemetery. Michael Brenuau, gatekeeper, Melbourne Cemetery, deposed that about one o'clock on Thursday afternoon he saw the deceased sitting upon tho doorstep of his house. He told her to go away, thinking she was drunk, Sho then went into the ceme tery. She informed him that she had relatives buried there, and was going to the grave. Witness took hor to tho place she indicated, and loft her there. About twenty miuute) afterwards ho found bcr lying dead. Dr. Hardy made a post mortem examination of the body, and deposed that the braiavu softened and watery. Death had resi'A from serous apoplexy. A verdict in acooit ance with the medical evidence was to turned. The following holders of colonial win: licences were Bnmmoned to tho District Court yesterday, to answer charges of selling liquor other than colonial wine, without licence, at the instigation of a common in former named William Woodland, vis.:— Mrs. M'Mahon, Ed. Brushe, William Hunt, C. Bushman, 'Win. Contonly, John Eilsou, Sarah Frnaor, Edward Eitton, Robert Heard, Henry Halden, William Abbott and David Kirk. On tho cases being called on, an ap plication for a postponement was mads oa behalf of the prosecution, in consequence ol the absence ot. a witness without whom they could not proceed. The application was re fused, each case being dismissed with 21s. costs. Arguments were continued at the Supreme Court yesterday, on the appeal in the caseof Learmontb and others v. Bailey and other-, against the order of Mr. J listice Molcswortb dismissing the plaintiff's bill, and their honors reserved judgment. A further ap peal was then heard against an order of Mr, Justice Molesworth declaring that tho order of the Full Court dirocting that all gold taken from the Egertou mine should be sold, and the proceeds paid into the Bunk of Victoria to the joint credit of Messrs. S. L. Lear montb and James Williamson, was no longer binding, but that the money should be paid over to the Egorton Gold Mining Company. Tho grounds of the appeal were that tte order of the Full Court was not subject to variation, as it stated that the question o! who was entitled to the proceeds of the mine was to be settled at the termination of the suit ; that the cause had not terminated, that as the order was made by consent, the court had no jurisdiction to vary it, and till as it was an order made by the, court in banfto, any application to vary ought to haw I been made to the court in banco, and not to I the primary judge. After hearing argn- I -ments on both sideB, the court expressed jo I opinion in favor of the appellants' view, and I ordered that the order of the Full Court im- I pounding the proceeds of the mine should be I revived. It will be remembered that soot I £15,000 was paid over to the Egertoa Com- I pany on the orderof Mr.-liisticeMoleswortli, I and the decision yesterday « ill only affect I the future proceeds of the mine until L I cause is finally settled, which it probald' I will not be until the Privy Council ka« I dealt with it. The court adjourned sine " ' I An accident occurred yesterday inornieg I at Kenney's Bathing' Ship, St. Kilda, abicb, I but for tho promptitude displayed by I Mr. David Kenney was nearly terminating I fatally. It appears that while several I gentlemen wore taking their earl) I morning dip, they were suddenly alarraio I by cries for assistance, seemingly proceeding I from the deeper portion of the bath, bevera I gentlemen at once started in the direch'0 I indicated by the cries, nnd Mr. David Den'f'' I who was at tho moment in thu shower bat , I plunged in and swam to the drowning man, | who proved to be Thomas Rae, one of t I bath employes. With great exertion - I Henry supported thenowsenselcss wan, an- I swam with his burden to a shallow Par, I the bath, where, with tho assistance of otner I gentlemen present, Rae was orouSll |. I land. Mr. Hartley Williams the I known barrister, was severely or I through slipping down the steps leading I the water in his eagerness to assist I Henry in saving the man, I At the Collingwocrd Police Court Jester' I day, a cabman named William Leggett, « - I Poole, was brought up on xyarraut on I charge of assaulting one Mary Stanford I intent to commit a rape. The_pros_ec I deposed that sho was an unmarried gi", »» I was employed as a general servant 3 ' ' I Mayfield's, Queen-streot, Melbourne. I I ner was married to witness s aunt, - - I deceased, and on the 15th inst. wito I her employer'shousotogoto prisoner p - I No. C9 Little Oxford-street, Co. .agw, whore therolived fiveof her cousins. Gnbuu J y I last, the 24th, she went to bed witlithr I the children, when prisoner came iaw> I bedroom and took liberties with her. I resisted, but did not say a word or c I for help. The bench, without calhog I evidence, dismissed the case. I Alt the St. Kilda Police Court f I Joseph Hyndmon. landlord of the I Head Hotel in H igh-street, was obMgo I threatening to take his wife s I bound over to keep, the peace for- months, in his own recognisance tor od two sureties for £25 each. _ A very commodious and handsome struc- ture has been commenced by the trustees of the Emerald-hill Wesleyan Church for the accommodation of the large and flourishing Sunday school connected with that place of worship, now numbering over 800 scholars and upwards of sixty teachers and officers. The building will be of two stories, and will contain two principal rooms, each 60 feet x 40 feet; and four class-rooms, each 15 feet x 16 feet, with librarians' room, &c.; The foundation stone is to be laid this after- noon by the superintendent, Mr. John Bee. ""The fourth nunnal meeting of the Vic. Chemists' Assistants' Association was Mdattbe rooms on Thurednv evening, at ' tliero ,vas a large attendance. After S minutes of previous meeting were read ;u confirmed, and correspondence received, t e -rcretarv read tho report of the commit- e of manogomcut for the year. The report .Lore tho society to be in a very prosperous n iition the number of members and hon. menders heioo 172. The library, contains \- < volumes, all bearing on the tmnutam of tie nrofe«sinn; arid the chemistry class indcr Mr. Cosmo JNowbcrr nt tho Techno- oricsl Museum, is re established, in good mr'-ing order, nnd well atteuded. The promises of supportfor the proposod journal Lt having been considered sufficient to war-ant the undertaking, the matter was Mrt'ooncd to some future date. The Phar- ffl,cv Bill introduced by Mr. Bosisto into the Hoifce of Assembly lias met with ft very 'avorable reception since tho alterations j.tv, been made. The mutual in struction class lias been well attended since its iorroattou, and three interesting papers h-.vc been read by Messrs. ICingsland, Unmtncrv, and Hughes. The treasurer's ,ttiort stated tho receipts to be £14S 14s. til expenditure, £132 9s., leaving a balance nf f lti OS. fid. The following gentlemen wre elected as officers and committee for v«r 1S70-77. Viz.:— President, Mr. J. B. \iummery ; vice- president, Mr. T. Kings- iind treasurer, Mr. E. O. Owen ; secro- titv Mr. H. T. Tompsitt j librarians, Messrs. Hughes and Reddie ; committee of tiiausgement, J.Messrs. Ross, Mansfield, uttehi Pendlehury, Creelman and Siinp- t.n. A vote of thanks was carried to tlie anting officers, and after the olection of member, the meeting closed. A special meeting of tho council of the 5J.ro of AYhitUesea wa3 held at tlie office, Via Vonn, on Thursday, the 23th inst., for iwciving tcuders for leasing tho Jancliold tils for tho nine months ending 30th J une, IS/7. The following were the tenders sent ja: — Jane Byrne, £427 10s, ; John Dowling, /.Tji'r ; John Ryan, £553 10s.; \V. Mitchell, 4\. The touder of Mr. John Ryan was icrtptcd. The usual weekly meeting of tho com- riittce of management of the Immigrants' Aid Society was held yesterday, at tho Mill- terv Barracks, St. Kilda-roail. Present, Messrs. Oliphant, Beauchamp, Dickson, and Moody ; Mr. Beauchamp in the chair. Tlie state of the house was reported as follows : — Muniher remaining last week, 490 ; ad missions Bince, 171 ; discharged, 188 ; re. uainiug, 251 men, .119 women, and 100 chil- drtn; in all, 470. There are 75 men, 20 women and S cliildrou sick ,; 0 men stone- baiting, iii bag-making, 150 o'nkura-pick- int, sod S working outside ; 20 women in be Uundry, 18 sowing, 55 hair-teasing, &o.; (lot-door relief was given to six families, or jeiniividunls, on presenting tho rolief cards <,( the society. lie learn that thoAe firms holding bills of Jkssrs. Whitney, Chambers and Co., which „/>, inadvertently paid by the Bank of Victoria, have nrranged to refund, so that re one suffers by tho mistake. An ordinary meeting of the committee of the Victoriau Coursing, Club was held at the offices of tho club yesterday, when the re- port of the sub-committee appointed to inquire into the . Waterloo Cup affair was presented. The meeting was conduoted in a somewhat irregular manner, it being difficult to ascertain at times what proposi tion was before the chair. ' Eventually tho .report of the sub-committee, which appoars elsewhere, was adopted. Prom that it will bo found that no evidence of a "swindle" was brought forward, although the com mittee agroo that words were used by Mr. 1'ioeke as reported by Mr. Lempriere in connection with the Waterloo Cup. Sergeant Henry Pewtross, who for tho last twenty years has held charge of tho city watch-house, mas been granted six months' leave pf absence to ennble him to recruit his eomowhat failing health. Sergeant Pow- tress is as well known as the Police Court itself, and hia courteous demeanor to. 1 wards all with whom he has been brought in tfficial contact have gained for him universal I li-peftt. Ho intends to proceed to Now Inland ; and the change of air and scene iff, it is to bo hoped, thoroughly refit him toreturu to the active discharge of those tuerous duties which he has hitherto so sa tisfactorily performed. Senior Constable MacWbinney, an old nnd efficient member of the force, has been appointed to fill tho placo of Sergeant Pewtreas daring his absence. With respect to the observatory on Mount Macedon the it. A. Mail says : — It has long been in such a ruinously dilapidated condi. tiou as to be practically useless. It is some time since it was required for scientific pur- loses, but it is snro to be needed again ; and tven if this were not tho case, the Govern ment might very well expend a few pounds iii putting it into repair for tho sake of tlio "numerous visitors who make excursions to Mount Macedon during tbo summer months, n, il to whom tho useless condition of the ilaervatory is always a source of great dis- Ippointmeut. The Lobar! T own Mercury of the 27th art. give3 the following particulars relativo in the accident by which Tom Lewis, tho wtVi-known clown, lost his life : — At about a quarter to live o'clock last night an accident warred which resulted in the death of M r. Tear l.ewis, ouo of the members of Miss t'lsra Stephenson's Dramatic Troupe. Tho particulars of tho sad event, as detailed by au eye-witness, are to the effect that Mr. | Lewis was driving a buggy along tho Domain- lead, down the hill towards the Railway Station, having just parted with a female fritud further up the road. The horse was foiug at a smart pace, and Mr. Lewis stood up iu the vehicle as if to pull the animal up, then he fell over the front of tho buggy, tn-1 came to the ground with great force. A iintl-man who had been sitting on a seat tinier a tree in the vicinity At once ran to Mr. Lewis's assistance. A cab containing t' lnc ladies was being, driven by at the time, ltd the ladies very considerately got out of lUir vehicle, and lent it for the purpose of I living Mr. Lewis, who was insensible, eon- I M«1 to the hospital. Upon arrival at that | institution, a very few minutes only having I ils;-sed, Dr. Macfarlane pronounced life to I L extinct. The proper name of tho do- I teased actor was Bingham Tomlinson, but I it always played under the name of Toirl j !- wis, and was generally known by that I iTm-men, He was nbout twenty-rune years | caw, arid a native of Lancashire, England. I jk lias been for years past well- known iu I 'icliiria.asnh actor, his forte being priori- I !% that of a clown. He was also a good I ".eneral utility man." He visited this I "I'-ny some years ago with the Lenton I (roupe, ami again with the Leotards. I Ilium-lay's Deniliquin Chronicle says : — I "At Jindera yesterday week ' mothers ' I -till ont a flag on which wore tlie words I auction sales so that our children may I tike koine3 foe themselves upon the soil.' I i ertsrday, sales of country laud were held by I Kin- auction at Denilitjuin and other places. I - 'c, without the slightest pretence at cotn- I ptiSoD, Messrs. Meiu bought at upset 200 I »-'re!;-.Mossrs. Jennings, of IVarbrecean, SllO I i-'-r-thecc being' amusingly described as I i- - trinncd ' mineral selections' by one I niH Davidson,' thought to be a son-in- I Lwci the firm ; and Mr. Wilson, 3710 acres I '-rrwi. The- deposits Were £ 1 192 12s. 6d., I npr. seating n total confiscation of eouiitty I beds of about 4771 acres." I .1"'"' fcU" Zculintl 'limes says r — It is I ffitel that Sir George Grey contemplates I ui '.iag Kncbncl after the session/ for the I j 'P' iv of bring under notice of the British I ''fviBMst the wrong done to tho peoplo I il hew Zealand by the Vogel administra- I tuB. I A proclamation in the Tctsmanian Gazette I '-p-iicls that " the arms or badge to be em- I ' K iir.l in the centre of the Union Jack to I t'Mid by tlie Governor of Tasmania when I c-';r!:cd in lioaU or other Vessels shall be I l'fe ' passant,' red on a white shield sur- I :«e|ed by a green garland ; that tho dis- I y v '-shing flag or eneign of the colony for I -s belonging to or permanently em- I "yod by the Government of Tasmania shall I ' -fX bine ensign with a lion paesant red on a I v" shield in the fly ; and the distinguish- I ll-.g cr ensign of tho colony for vessels I r'-',:ti-ied in this colony not belonging or I l.linlly employed by the Government I l' li3u)cnia shall be the red ensign." I rtnjents at the forthcoming matrioulation I "wicatiuu at the University would do well I b car in minff that the new text books will I ''He into use at the extra examinations, I ' "hairy ttrm, 1S77. I , " "5 fongrogation of the North Carlton I i'1"'1"1 Church have yen a call to I ''tv- George Lyle, who is expected to -"ive shortly from New Zealand. This S 't iman arrived only- recently from borne, ; wbila passing through Melbourne, brriftched In the church mentioned. Hit discourse was considered so satisfactory that the congregation almost immediately deter, mined, if possible, to secure his services. His acceptance of the call has given much gratification to those by whom it was con ferred. Br, Macartney leaves Melbourne to-day on a lecturing tour through the Western and North- Western districts, for the Grand Lodge of Good Templars. The usual weekly meeting of the com mittee of the Alfred Hospital took place yesterday, Mr, Edward Hetity iu tho chair. A donation of £20 was received from Mr. John Loonan, and ordered to bo suitably- ac knowledged. The secretary read a commu nication from Mr. C. Rosesear, of Cran- bourue, offering, ou behalf of a committee of gentlemen, to give a ball in aid of tho hos. pital, which oiler was accepted with thanks. The state of the house was reported to be as follows : — Remained last week, S2 ; since admitted, . 10 ; discharged, 19; died, 4 ^re maining, 75 ; out- patients, 142 ; casualtiss, 00. A special full choral service in aid of the Viotorian Shipwreck Relief. Society will be given by tho Melbourne Church Music Asso ciation, in tho Town Hall, to-morrow after noon, at three o'clock. The service lias been appropriately selected. The offertory in aid of this deserving society will afford on op portunity of contributing to its funds to largo numbers who do not feel thomselves able to contribute in an extensive manner. Mrs. Scott-Siddons gave her second read- ings in Melbourne, at the Opera House, last night, before a largo audience. Tho pro gramme consisted of selections from Shnks- peare, Tennyson's Lady Clara Vere lie Vcre, James de Mille's Senator Entangled, from the Dodge Club; The Alanine, Mouk Lewis ; Bungay's Creeds of the Bells (by special re quest) ; and the Jackdaw of Rheims, from the Ingoldsby Legends. The Senator Entangled afforded excellent scope for tho talented reader's dramatio penchant in imitative tone anilgesturo ; but what un doubtedly was her greatest achievement was her acting of Tho Maniac- Altogether it formod a most engrossing entertninment, anil the dropping of the curtain at tho close was felt to bo " all too soon." It is to be hoped that Mrs. Siddons will before long repeat licr performance in this role , The oftenersho appears the more she is admired. Baker and Barron open at the Opera House this evening in tho drama of Conrad and Lizette. Their entertainment, which is interpolated with incidental songs, illustrat ing German and Irish eccentricities, is re puted to bo highly humorous, and there is very little doubt ont they will have a good ran. La Fouillade and Buckley's Anglo-Ameri can Company, at tho Apollo Hail, are fu&t; growing into popularity, last evening the attendance being very large. Miss May Vi vian's song, Whippowili, was pleasingly ren dered; also, Littlo.Sunshine, by Miss Clifford. Buckley and Medina caused great merri ment in their comicalities, and Sliss Herbert rendered tho accompaniments in an efficient style. To-night there will he an entire change of programme, and tho Australian Boys nud their sister Lucy will make their first np- ponranoe. Millie. Jenny Clans, who is such a de served favorite with the public as a violinist, will appear to-night, at tho Toivu Hall, after a prolonged absence, during which she has maae an almost world-wide tour and reputation as an artist. Sho tv ill be excel- lently assisted ou the occasion. Signor Giammona will be solo flautist. Mr. Mori- taguo, violoncellist, and Signor Zeliuan, pianist and accompanist. The vocalists will bo Mrs. Cutter and Signor Luisotti. Tho programme is well selected, and includes throe solo performances by Mdile. Claus, aud also tho grand trio of Beotlioven in B flat for violin, 'cello and piano, Signor Giammona also appoar3 twico. No doubt the concert will be bb successful us those proviously given in connection with Mdlle. Claus's name. Tho box-oflice is at Allan's ( Vilkie's). Wilson's magnificent circus opens on Thursday next. The marquee, which is in course of erection, will, when finished, be the most capacious of tho kind ever seen in Melbourne, It will be capable of comfortably seating 7000 persons. Tho seats aro raised iu tiers, which extend all round, the only opening beiug for the admission of the horse's nnd porformers. Of the former there are over 150, and the corps generally number conuiderably in excess of 200\. Some idea of tho sure of the urono may be gleaned from the fact that eight times its circuit measures exactly a milo. Due regard to tho comfort and safety of tho audience is being had in tho erection of tho seats. There will be aftornoou performances every Wednesday nnd Saturday. Having regard to the popularity of this species of entertainment, aud the excellence of Mr. Wilson's horses and appointments generally, tho theatres will have something to do to cater successfully for tho public for some weeks to come at least. Hamlet was repeated last ovoning at tho Theatre Royal, with Mr. Edwin Adams in the title role. The high estimate which wo formed of this actor's ability upon the ocea. sion of his first appearance in tho character was fully confirmed by his performance last niglit. From first to last it was witnessed with almost breathless attention by tho audience, and frequent end enthusiastic was the applauso accorded. Mr. Har- wood took tho part of the ghost, and .'played it with quite realistic effect. His delivery of the speech iu tho first act was an elocutionary study, nud aided materially iu what is, perhaps, tho most tell ing scene in the play, as rendered by Mr. Adams. Mr, Stuart O'Brien never fails in doing justice to the very suitable part of Folonius, and last evening he ac quitted himself most commendably. Miss Kate Douglass is a pleasing young actress, and seems to adapt herself to hor work with an ease and naturalness that aro quite refreshing. Her voice, figure aud stage presence generally, are in her favor, and must greatly aid her reputed abilities, Mr. Apploton's Laertes is so well and fnvor- nbly known that it n-ed ouly be mentioned. On Monday evening Enoch Arden will bo produced, Sir. Adams in tho leading part. For the second time this week the Tem perance Hall was largely attended last night, when Dr. Macartney delivered his now lec ture on Hunted to Death. Mr. Dunn, the G.W.C.T., presided. When reviewing tho voting of members the other niglit on the amendment proposed in tbo Electoral Bill, to prohibit the holding of election meetings In publichouses, the learned lecturer made a palpable hit. " Certain honorable members of that House," said he, " havo long been cruising on our cold waters under falso colors. Take care that as soon as you get a political chance you give such cruisers a tcmperauce broadside." An excellent programme is advertised for this evening's Peoplo'3 Concert, iu the Tem perance Hall, Russell-street. The Fakir of Oolu was visited by an atten tive audience last evening, all of whom were mystified anil amused by the wonders brought forward for their edification. This afternoon the first matinee of the season takes place, and, doubtless, tho opportunity of giving tho youngsters n treat will ho taken advautago of by many a paterfamilias. We bare to acknowledge receipt of the twelfth annual report of tho Wellington (N.Z.) Chamber of Commerce, In our advertising columns it is announced that the Kov. Wilton Hack will deliver his popu lar lecture on Japan and its People, during next week, at Fitzroy, St. Kilda and Bothnia. The independent members of the Oollingwood Lodse, U.S.A., are taking action to prevent tbeir funds being spent through law on the one hand, and the quanels of trustoes and officers on tho other. At the Hnwthorn Stats school No. 293. Mrs. Goodwin, the first nssiataut teacher, having availed herself of tho superannuation provisions of thoJJducation Act to retire from the service, was yesterday presented with a handsome silver inkstand, the gift of tho children, as a partiDg lout-e/rtr of nffectiou. The following Iirto been elected office-bearers of tho G. O.O.O.F., Britannia Lodge, 984, for the ensuing quarter Bro. Gntheicole, N.K.; Bro. M'Gregor, N.G.; Bro. Lawlor, V.U.; Bro. Lowta, E.S.; Bro. Tobin, warden ; Bro. Mattbt-w- lean, treasurer (104th time); Bro. Duncan, P.S.; Bros. Jones ami Kcloy, auditors ; Bros. Avery and Miller, trustees. IWe have receive J from Air, \v. J. Norman, picture frame manufacturer, Collins-street east, a photograph of the stolen picture of the Duchess of Devonshire, by Gainsborough. This celebrated painting was purchased by Messrs. Agnew, at the sale of the late Mr. Wynn Ellis's pictures, for tho enormous sum of £10,805. When on exhibition in Bond-street it was stolen on the night of tho 25th of May, being cut out of the frame. £1000 is offered liy Messrs. Agnew for tho recovery of tho picture. At a meeting of the Grand United Order of Free Gardeners of Australasia, hold at tho Rochester Castle Hotel on Monday night, tho M. W. G. M. , Br. J. Baiilie, presided, supported by the officers of the Grand Lodge, and re-organised tho Fitzroy Lodge, and initiated thirty-six now members into the Apprentice Degreo ; after -which the fol lowing brethren were elected to the various offices in tho lodge R- W, 51., Br. J. Hayes ; D. At., Br, Dunbar : P. M., Br. W. Butcher ; S. W., Br. Bicks ; J. W., Br. T. Coombs ; chaplain, Br. F, Webb : officer, Br. Mallett ; E. Sec., Br. W. Atil- lerabip; P. Sec., Br. Pholpin; treasurer, Br. Ware. The ofBcsn were dnlr installed, with all tbo usages of tbe order, by Br, J. BftiJHe ; which a vote of thnolts was recorded to the officers of tbe GtAnd Lodge, coupled with tue name of Hr. Baiilie, who responded for the officer of tbo Or&nd; Lodge. The brethren' then adjourned, and partook, of a luncheon provided by tbo host. At the quarterly meeting of tho West of England Lodge, O.A.O. Druid?, held nt the Iodge-rooin, VicLori&'par&do; Hotel, some sixty members wore present. It wai resolved to celebrate the lodge s anniversary by tnoan3 of a concert and ball, to beheld nt tbe Fitzroy Town Hall on Thursday, Oth Novomber. During tho past quarter sixteen new members were initiated, inelndingMessrs. Langridge, Tucker and Onrtain, M.L.A.'f. Tbo funds had increased in a very satisfactory manner, tho lodge being worth at the present time £285, of which sum £2G0 was advanced on freehold security at 8 per cent. Wo have to acknowledge receipt o Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherborg's latest jpubUcation, Kmmet's Soog Book, being a collection ot the best songs sum: in Fritz. They comprise Schneider How Yon Vrs, Climb up, Sbonnio was a nice Young Man, Saur Kraut, Bologna Sausage Boy, Watercress Girl, and Wnlkhig on the Esplanado. It is published at 2s. tid. The in quiries have been so frequent for a complete set Of tho songs tbatMessrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg hare thought proper to publish them in this form, feeling assured that they will be recouped for the largo sum given by tbeni to Mr. Biumet for tbe right to publish tbem. A very handsome double banner for the bons and Daughters of Terapeninco benefit society hos been executed by Mr. George Stewart, of 42 Littlo Latrobe'Street. Tho design, which is painted on rich bine silk, is elegant and appro priate to the tenets of the order for which it is intended. The front consists of a playing foun tain, with two supporters, ono male and one female, each with tho regalia of tho order, nnd beneath is their crest, with tho motto Love, Purity, Fidelity, On tboNother side is a life-sized figuro of Victoria, with representations of justice and of a guardian augel and child. The wholo is faithfully painted, and will form a striking feature in any procession in which it may be used. The mountings will consist of a crimson silk border, with blue and gold fringes nud tassels. 