MiiSiilililv ?? The Wholesome effect of friendly emulation on the part of theatrical managers is shown by tho excellenco of tho pantomimes pro duced this year at both tho Royal and the Opera House. Froggio Would ' a Wooing Go, .at the. former place of euteitainment, improves ; with acquaintance. The hitches andt mnemonic lapses incidental to. first per 1UIU1UUVLB lUtYU.ULBtlJJJjeULClL, uuu bUD 1UK1W duction of a little gag occasionally— pardon- able under tho circumstances — tends to freshen [ and enliven the dialogue. It cer tainly does Credit to the prolific pen of Mr. Garnet Walch, who has1 contributed Christ mas piecee,'not alone for the Melbourne stage, but for those of Sydney and Dunodin. The idenery ia especially gorgeous, and 're- flects infinite credit upon the liberality of the management no less than the exquisite taste and artistio Bkill of Mr. Honninga and. his assistants. The first scene, w&ich; is an interpolation of tho original pan tomime, and which is introduced for the purpose of imparting a local interest to the piece, represents the Back Beach/ or, as it is grandiloquently styled, the Ocean Amphi theatre at Sorrento. The sketch is slightly fanciful, the well-known physical pecu liarities of- the epbt being only in part repro duced; The horizon line of the view is taken rather high, so aa to admit of the in troduction of a number of portraits or. heads of tho people, executed by Mr. Howitz, who lasfetyear made the masks for the Opera House. These appear to pass across tho stage aa if under the water, which is ob served through a natural arch of rock. Tho sea .view is bright and pleasant, end 'pre- pares the spectators for what follows. The noxtj scene is the first of the pantomime propor, and is entitled the Home of the Bat ^achianB. This presents averypretty picture. 'There ia in the centre a variety of Druidicai remains, near ' which 'is a spacious pool, covered with sedgy ; plants) where ffoga might with .. oomfort hold their nightly ooncert. Next, comes an eastern, interior, with sloping pillars. and rich drapery, intended, to relieve the heavy and 'over ornate style of the architecture. This changes to a fairy scene, where the usual (ballet divertissement is introduced. It is ;one of'thoso theatrical views, :the offspring of the artist's imagination. The Home ol Sweets and Comfits, whore the Prince of Lollynbps reigns supreme, is.seen n?xt, and exhibits an immenso bridecake, festoons of lollies,; flanked by fruits and swoets of every conceivable variety. Then follows the Abode of the Demou Alkohol, consisting of a cavern-like retreat, with huge casks of spirituous liquors on every side. Thisopens, aud a moving panorama of the Prince's visit to India is disclosed. It commences with a really exqxiisite view of Windsor Castie, and then follow scenes in Venice, ~thor Suez Canal by moonlight, with ; the Scrapis passing through, the Red Sea, the lighthouse at the Straits of Babelmanclel, the caves of Elephants, the viaduct over the river Jumna, on the great Indian railwaj', aud othors. The scene in the jungle, repre senting a richly caparisoned elephant and a Sarty of- hunters attacked by a pair of royal iengal tigers 13 very finely drawn. Madias, with the surf beating upon the shore, and Calcutta^ are also, excellent in their way. The panorama is',clo3cd.with.a portrait of tho Priiice, copied from tho special number of the ; Illustrated News. The transforma tion scene is in ;Mr. Hennings' best style. It is quite a triumph of art. There is acon siderable improvement manifest in the marchingof tbe Amazons. They move with greater precision, and move quitew la milita ire. The dresses are really superb, that of Miss, Docy Stewart especially being remarkable for it3 good taste aud sartorial elegance. The singing is -psaaing, but the instru-' inentalism is perfectly execrable. It i3 the weak point of the pantomime. There have been crowded houses during' the week, and no indication of a falling off in the at tendance. . Tho pantomime at the Opera House has proved a great Buccess, and has been largely patronised during the week. This is owing gicatly to tho scenery — which we shall des cribe at length on a future occasion— the dresses and tho music, all, of which would do honor to any of the first-class theatres of London, or New York. ? -? ? ? At St. George's Hall Dr. Silvesfcor has most decidedly - improved his entertainment einco his last visit, but the dialogue would Btill bear considerable alteration, more espe cially in tho Ghost illusions. The lady sus pended in the air ia of course the chief attraction. The fountain has also been greatly improved. Tho Shadow Pantomime ia very good, considering tho numerous disadvantages tho shadows are act ing under. Dr. Silvester . has given up his Eastern garb and adopted the European, which was decidedly impolitic on his part, as tho Fakir of Oolu'a attiro certainly added to thn general effect. Tho Hev. Charles Clark's National Enter tainment, given in tho Town Hall, on Now Year's Eve was a great success, tho building being crowded in every part. The national idea was well carried out. The Euglish selections comprised tho well known glee, Dame Burden, sung as a trio by. Miss Christian, Mrs. Cutter and Mr. Lamblc - the Gallants of England, by tho last named ; and the Sailor Sighs, by Mrs. SmytheandMr.Lamble. ThoScotchBolectiona were Auld Uobin Gray, Bung with much expression by Mias Christian ; What's 'a' the Bteer, Kimmcr, byMrs.SmythoandMisa Christian ; and the Hunting Tower duet, by Miss Christian and Mr. L^mble. The Irish national melodies were 'well represented by Mrs. Cutter singing Dcrniot Aatnoxo ; Ailcen Mavournoen by Mra. Smythe ; and By Kil. larnoy 'a. Lake and Streams by Mibs Chriatiau. Germany was not excluded from the pro gramme, for Mrs. Smytho eang tho Quoen of the Sea,-, by Sohlqe ;ser. This tprmioatod with England's national anth$m. ATioa Christian and Mra. Gutter mug Abt'tJ beautiful German duet, When the SwallowB homoward Fly, very melodiously, and tho last- named lady prevented America from being unrepresented by oinging Tho Star Singled Banner with a' commondablo amount of energy. Mr. J. Hill's organ eelectioua were very popular, and comprised Scotch airs, including a very natural imitation of the bag-pipes. The recitations by the Itov. Charles Clark were very good. In Potatoes, by tho Rev. J. Pcttee, tho trouble* of a widow who had eaten her last potato were depicted. She, in her extremity, called on a deacon of her church who was celebrated for his prayej-8. Ho visited the widow in her distress, leaving behind him at homo a cellar full of Ireland's national tubers. He prayed for her with unction, but in the most carnal way tho widow, .instead -, of saying Amen, WUIIUUlbU UVWIVUb^i .K.UVilAO£4\'V/*l &CUUAUC4A; home, but the widow's , cry for potatoes haunted him so persistently that he took a sack of his best, poured a bushel of them at the widow's feet, andprayedagain. The widow uttered many a heartfelt Amen that time, and the deacon went back, feelirJg ho had. done an act that was twice blessed. Dick ena:s Dr. Marigold's Prescription was also recited very .cleverly, and though a long piece, was listened to with marked attention, W. Carleton's Over tho Hill to the Poor house, and the sequel, Over the Hill from the Poor-house, were much. enjoyed when recited by the eame gentleman. The first showed the hard treatment of an old woman - by her five children, who, when married, refused her a.home, and drove her over. the hill to the poor-house. The proceedings of a 3ixth son. who,, after having Served a sen tenoe for horae-stealing, turned over a new leaf, and prospered in America, furnished the materials for the sequel. He returned home, bought his mother's old cottage, re furnished it, so as to make it as nearly as possible like the old, and then fetched hiB mother over the hill from the poor-house in a carriage and pair. The first of a series of promenade concerts proposed to bo given every Monday evening was inaugurated in the Assembly Hall, St. Kilda, on New Year's Eve. A plat form was erected ? in the centre of - the hall for the orchestra, around which the audience promenaded, while the gallery was set apart for those who were, only in clined to be onlookers. Besides tbe orches tral music, there were, excellent- vooal per formances by Mis3 WilkinB, Mrs. Howitz, Mr. Edward Farley, and Mr. Beaumont Read, and a violin solo by Mr. Thompson. Tho first-named lady possesses a very fine contralto voice, that has received a consi derable amount of judiciouB training under Madame Lucy Chambers. She was encored iu both her songs, and sang very acceptably in the duet, Oh, ye tears, with Mr. Read. The second concert took place on Monday evening to the 3vidcnt satisfaction of thosa present. With such Bingors'as Mr3. Howitz, Miss WilkinB, tho new and pleasing con tralto, Mr. Beaumont Read and Mr. Edward Farley, there should be no lack of patronage. The performances of these vocalists were well received, and tho 3uccesa which has at tended the gatherings should induce Messrs. Roberts, who are conductors of the concerts, to continue them. Adelaide is at present a little dull in the matter of. amusemtnta. We learn that tho Theatre Royal was opened on Monday night with a performance styled in the bills '' Wosten's Theatre Mechanique and Troupe of Comiques from the leading theatres of England and America.' The programme, however, is entirely carried out by Mr. ' Weston himself, and ia scarcely of the kind usually givou at the Royal. The first part consisted of a number of prestidigitatory feats, which for the most part were neatly executed, but were very ancient. Two figures about a foot high, shown from a Punch's box, danced an imitation of tho ' Golden Shoe Dance,' aud another sang a song and fired a gun. After a long interval Mv. Westen gave what pur ported to be a facsimile of the church boll plumes of tho old country, but which did not bear any striking . similarity to the original. Again quoting from the bill, ' The ovening's outeEBainmcnt olosing with a laughable drama, First Play, by the full strength of We3teh's Roj'al Marionette Company, entitled ' Punch and Judy.' ' The whole entertainment is scarcely one suited to the boards of the theatre which a month since were trodden by Adelaide Ristori, though it would no doubt be appreciated iu. some places. There ivas a moderate attend ance,, aud it is only fair to Mr. Westen to say 'that at least a portion of the audience applauded heartily at times, and seemingly approved of his efforts to amuse them. 