WESLEYAN CONVENTION. The first sitting of a convention of persons actively engaged as workera in various depart ments connected with the Weeleyan Church was held in the Pirie- streot Lecture Hall on Tuesday mernoon. xnere was a large attendance- doiu of ladies and gentlemen, several having come from distant circuits. The Rev. W. P. Wells [President of ths Conference) presided, and, the proceedings having been opened by do ve tional exercise, delivered a brief introductory address. He spoke of similar gatherings which had been held elsewhere, especially tho Brighton Convention, which was attended by 7,000 persons, and whore tho meetings wero continued for ten days; and the Convention of Workers recently held at City-road, London, It hid been noted that theso meetings were usually followed by great blessings, aad ho hoped such would be the case iu this instance. Their aim was 'to consider one another to provoke to 1 -ve and to good works.' They had this as' their definite object. In the papers read or speesass made, he hoped there would ho no controversial tone, but all would be done in a devotijual spirit There wero already tokens for good. Ho expected for himself increased power irom on high. If each of them gain this, and with it increased spiritual activity, tha Convention ould uot fail to produce most blessed results. The Rev. T. C. Laurancb, of Mount Barker, delivered an address on 'Holiness, the present need of the Church.' His answer to tbe ques mn ' What is holineu?' would be Christlike ae&s.; It was full possession of the Divine image. [twos described by various termi and phrases, but they all resolved themselves into the word 'love,' for 'he that dwelleth in love dwelletb. in God, and God in him.' There was olose con nection between .pardon and holiness, and those who had received the one blessing need not wait long to enjoy the other. It was sometimes re garded as & great _ mystery, but the only mystery was one of simplicity. Complete sub* mission was essential to holiness. Submission was neoessary before pardon, and there must ba entire submission before the further blessing could be received. The want of the Churoh collectively was the want of each individual. There was close connection between the beauty of holiness being perceived by the Church and their work for Gcd being prospered. Humility could not exist as it ought to do without holiness. Spiritual pride was one of their greatest dangers and the cause of most griavou-i losses, which holiness would prevent. They needed it that they might exhibit the religion of Jesus in a happy manner. Happiness was not a separable appendage, but an essential feature of the higher Christian life. It was required in order to usefulness, for the holy man exerted a secret influence, like tbe electric fluid along tbe wire, and his words became, under its inspiration, like the arrows of tho Almighty. Their usefulness would probably be in proportion to their holiness, and they needed both to be surrounded by an atmosphere i f it, and to bo filled and kindled by its power. This was a possibio condition to on joy, and the life he wished them to live- wa3 not rnoro oxalted than God had pointed out, or Paul had prayed tor on behalf of tho Ephesian Church. God cculd easily accomplish their des're by flooding ana blliDg their souls with Himself. At the invitation of tho Pbesident several gentlemen spoke on tho subject of the address, their remarks generally having reference to their personal experieLce. The Rev. J. B. STZrHEKSON then delivered an address on ' The relation of special mean* to special blcEsiiigs.' He noticed that in tho Kingdom of God there was constantly bsing discovered a connection between the u» of means and spiritual effects. All were oaosciou? of c certain amount of odium boing attached to the use of epecial means to promote revivals. Even good men sometimes sneered at them. Hence delicacy was felt in proposing or attempting such efforts, sad hesi tancy maniiebted in undertaking maay a good work. He wa3 Bure a better frame of mind was that which sought only to do the will of God, disregarding altogether what the world might say, It was a good thing to be blessed of Qod, but better still thus to be made a blessing. Axes were not sharpened for themselves, bat that they might cut down trees. Ho need scarcely remind them of the important fac* that in the use of all special meani they muBt eror recognuo the agency of the Holy Ghost, for Methodises of all neople wore not likely to over look it. Tha ueo of sails was to catch the wind, and in a C3lni they were U3eles3; oven so tho Church depended upon the breath of the bpirit of God. This consideration being guarded*, they wero entitled to look for definite and positive effoct3 to follow the use- of appropriate mean3, and were war ranted to expect such results in proportion to the amount of labour bestowed. No figure was more frequently used in the Bible to describe spiritual results than tho growth and Eultiplication of Eead. Harvosta varied in abundance, and occasiouaUy there v?aa a failure, yet no one thought of ceasing to bow. The Church waB instructed to be diligent, prayerful, watchful, and laborious, and was encouraged with promises of reaping in dua season. The need of special means wa3 same times indicated by spiritual death and poverty; at other times [a special burden was laid oa tha i '.?? — hearts of s few people, as was the caee before the late remarkable revival in America, and Bometunoi wag the necessary result of unusual spiritual vitality. Turning to the Bible, it iras ironderfal how many inatascea of special means to secure special blessings wore recorded there. The traditions of their own Church should stimulate then, and the good news received by the last mail cf an increase of about I?/X)Q members within its paJo wa3 most instructive. Conventions had besn held in several places and arrangements made for special services mere generally than had ever been known before, and this was the gratifying result-. P» hoped the study of the subjact would produce a strong determination to use whatever means were at hand, and to use them with all their might. The Contention was then adjourned tf I 7 o'clock, tea in the meanwhile being provided in the schoolroom. The evening sitting was even more nume rously attended than that of the afternoon, the body of the hall being quite filled. At intervals during both service* ire proceedings were varied by appropriate hymns, in singing which the congregation was led by a choir under the direction of Mr. C. W. Priest. The subject of the evening was 'How to secure the salvation of tha young.' The Fbisidest briefly referred to its peculiar im ; ortance, and read several passages of Ssripture ? earing upon it. He then called on the Rev. C. i . Newman to deliver an address. Mr. NswiUHsaid he approached the subject with, extreme trepidation arising from his sense o! its importance. It was most important to r» ognise the religious rights and privileges of the young. As a Church they held that then redemption by Christ and inclusion in the Gospel covenant was sufficient warrant for offering them all its privileges. Religious culture could not begin too soon, but there wa* danger of expecting too much visible result from it- The foundation of religious life was. fear of God, and when this was established lave and other experiences would follow in due course. Children belonged to Christ, and ought to have a Church relation, which they should permanently retain unless they forfeited it by sin. To secure the experience desired the greatest requisite was godly home-training. Parents Were God's vicegerents, and, receiving their children from Gad, must train them for Him. A godly example was a nec&sit;^ Ho ma should be a sanctuary, the father being the priest in the household, and the mother exer cising her own gentle influence. Thare must also be earnest and faithful instruction, combined with jealous watchfulness over all associations likely to affect the impressionable nature of childhood. The Church had also its duty to discharge, and the best minds were reqaired in order to fulfil the task. Individual as well as collective instruction must be given. Personal appeals should be made and intense solicitude felt by all whs had to do with the young. The aim of Sabbath school teachers and others should be not only to impait knowledge, but to develop Christian character. Every effort must be accompanied by earnest prayer and the firm resolve to bring the children to Jesus. Mr, F. Chafplk, B.A., drew attention to the paramount importance of family religion as the great means of securing the salvation of the young. Parental affection was the symbdl most frequently used in the Bible to illus trate the love of God to His creatures. fie who made man knew what wa3 in him, and had enlisted this the highest force in human nature on the side of religion and on behalf of the children. Few thing* had been subjected to greatar ridicule than family worship, but for this very reason they should cling to it the more strongly. For the sake of the young let them all set up their family altar, and see that. Christ was constantly exhibited there as the univarsal sacrifice. The addresses were followed by a lengthy aud animated conversation, and the Convention adjourned at naif-past 9 o'clock. 