NEWS OF THE DAY, ThiB morning's sederunt of tho General PreBbyterian Assembly ol Victoria opened as nsnal with devotional exercises. The first business considered wns an application made to the Snstentation FuDd by the minister of the Bacchns Marsh Church, fur £40 addition to snlary. The consideration of the matter created considerable discussion, as several members of the assembly appeared to be of the opinion that the local funds of the Bacchus Marsh Uhurch had not beeu applied strictly to the uses for which they were intended. The subject was still under dieeussion up to a late hour. The half-yearly meeting of the Victorian Ice Company woe held to-(li>y at the com pany's office, Franklin str et. The balance sheet for the winter half-year showed that the liabilities were £7000 for capital, £31 for an unclaimed dividend, and £1932 9 4(1 for profit and Iobb, The assets were £7000 for plant and properly, £7-18 6s 4d debts duo to tho company, £9289sl0d cash in bank, nnd other Bums for materials, etc, making £8963 9s 4d, On the profit and loss account it seemi d that the half year was commenced with a credit balance of £3092 12s 4d thnt the winter profit was £249 8s 2d, that £76 had been received for liceneo fees lor the une of tho patent, that the bank had paid £8 lis for interest, thut transfer fees bad amounted to 17b, and that salo of material had realised | £2 9s, making a total ol £3-128 17a 7d, j Against this tho last dividend paid was ( £700, repairs to plant, £298 14 j 7d. j nnd now plant, £497 13s 3d, leaving n1 credit balance of £1932 9s 4d, out of which j the directors recommended a dividend for , the winter half-year of five per cent, Tho j report and balance sheet were received and i adopted, and the nsunl complimentary votes I having been carried, tho meeting termin ated, A conference of delegates from the various locnl bodies, convened nt the suggestion of tho Sandhurst City Conacil, is appointed to bo held this nfternoon at the Melbourno Town Hall, to consider the proposals in the now Publicans Act, in roferenco to the pay ment of license fees into the consolidated revenue instead of to the funds of tho muni cipalities, as at present. Seeing, however, that the Assembly last erouing, by a largo majority, amended these proposals in tho direction required, the probability iB that tha conference will not fiad it necessary to tako any notion, The time fixed for closing tho electoral rolls has boon extended till 1st December. Tliooe who have not yet taken out electoral rights should do so without delay. Bights issued before the day mentioned will autitlo tho holder to vote at. the next general election. Respecting the defalcations of a clerk in one of the bauks in Collins street we9t, we learn that tho friends of the individual referred to have paid the amount, about £600, and that the matter has been settled. The method of operating is stated to have been an ingenious one, viz., the, placing of copper in the bags with the silver. These were woighed and passed as right, until they came to be emptied, when the fraud was discovered, , To-morrow will ba another of those absurd holidays with which we are saddled in this colony. It is , Constitution Dny, au.l consequently the banks and Government offices will be closed. It is really time that some steps should 'bo taken to do away with these purposaUws holi days. Ma'ls will he made up nt the Melbourne Post Office, and be dispatched in time to be forwarded by the steamer Singapore, an nounced to leave Syduoy on the 2nd De cember. The timo appointed for closing the Post Office is for letters, packets, ati-i news papers at '6.30 p.m., en Wednesday, 29th inst. Late letters will ba tnken up to 6 p.m. , to be forwarded overland to Sydney. s Tho two gold medals presented l.y the South Melbourne Rifle Club, which were woo by Sergeant Mends and Gunner Woods, arc on view -t Messrs Bennett and H llo- way's, jewellers. 73 Elizabeth street, by whom they were manufactured, uutil next Satur day. Residents of certain parts of C.illingwood are stated to complain greatly of the effect of some alteration which, .has been mndu in the drainage of Vcre street, by which the storm water is dammed up across Ihe sireut. During the recent heavy rains, no foot pas sengers could'get through the street, which is one of the main thoroughfares of tho city. ... . . The South Sea Island labor question cropped up this morning in a most unex pected manner at the Oity Police Count, when a Fijian native lad, named Lor Lene, was charged with deserting the hired service of . his mnster, a Mr Gaggin, of South Yarrn. The prosecutor being absent from town, the hoy was remsnded till.. Saturday next. Mr J, S, Butters informed thebenoh thnt tho Srlsoner had visited his Fijian servants nt iB residence, and had stated that his time of service was completed, nnd that ho had been kicked out of his employe'' lioue without being paid. The lad al«o tolJ his fe.low- country people that he had been half starved and badly clothed, ' Mr Butters added that the iilusnge of these Islanders was tho fruitful source of reprisals by the natives, who revenged their countrymen's snoposed wrongs by brutal murders. The bench re marked that the prisoner certainly did not appear to have been badly treated. He was sleek and well clothed. Mr Butters applied on the boy's behalf for bail. Mr Bnrtt, lately Crown Prosecutor in Fiji, trnsted that the prisoner nould not bo locked np, as the natives of the various South Sea Islands have a horror of being confined, nnd would ratber commit suicide than bo put under restraint. Mr Burtt remarked that he was in com munication with the Government of the islands withrcap-ct to the illegal manner in which tho natives wore treatel in some of these oolonies, At the Brnnswick Police Court this morn ing, Joseph Cousens acd Henry Marsden wsm charged with fighting in the pnblic streets. Sergeant O'-Shnnnasay informed the bench thnt Cousens has only recently arrived in the district, and waB n companion of blackguards and thievoB, Mr Fleming, J.P., here remarked — " Well, keep your eye oa him, and bring him up before ub, and we'll soon tame him," Marsden received the character of being a well conducted man, until having lately taken to drink. They were both fined 10s, and 9s costs, in default three daya' imprisonment. Patrick Meagher, for UBing profane language, was also fined 10s and 2s 6d costs, in default forty-eight hours. The Geelong Advertiser writes : — A state ment, of so grave, so astounding a nature, lias been made a9 lo be almost incredible ; and we should probably abstain from pub lishing it, were it not likely to become current, even if wo hold our peace. Under these circumstances, it is better to give it the publicity which will permit of its con tradiction. It is alleged, on what ought to bo good authority, thnt £100, ' 00 of th purohas" money of the Hobsou'a Bay Rail, way is to be equally divided amongst five persons, who will exercise an influence in tho completion of the pnrchaso. We mast repeat thnt such a nefarious transaction appoara incredible, but that tho source of the information ought to bo q itc a good one. A sad accident occurred at Mnlmsburv yesterday morning (says the Kyncton Guar- dian), whereby Angus M'Kay, a waggoner employed by Mr Hugh Milvain, lost his life. M Kay had been to Sampson's quarry, in Sullivan's paddGck, near the racecourse at Malmabury, for a load of stone, to take to the Railway Station. He had loaded the stone, nni at about half past eight he started his team. Sampson was abont to accompany him to the station, to help him to unload his waggon and load some trucks, but he stayed behind a short time (o leave all snng at the quarry. When Sampson came np to the team of five homos, which was still in tho paddock, ho found the animals standing Btill, and looking back be saw M'Kay stretched lifeless on the track. Nobody saw tho occurrence, bat it ia sup posed that M'Kay accidentally stumbled, and foil in front of the wheels, which passed over his shoulders, crushing him to death almost immediately, as there would be about four tons on the load. M'Kay was a careful, steady driver, about forty-six years of age, and a married man, with six of a family, The Ovens Spectator writes:— "A lien' belonging to Mr Impoy, of Spring Creek, to her own surprise we have r.o doubt, and still more to that of her offspring, hatched a chicken which had two heads with two complete beaks, but only three eyes, Whether the mother was so puzzled as to which mouth Bbe had to feed that she supplied neither, or that tho chick did not know which head properly belonged to it, or whether two heads wore really bettor than one, it seems to r.nve como to the conclusion that it was 'all a muddle,' nnd gave up the qnestions nnd the ghost together." We (Talbot Lendor) understand on re liable authority, thnt the Hon. D Gilliea 1 ai definitely declined to seek re elt- clion uh representative in r.arlinmentof Maryborough, or, as tho district is now designated, Mary borough nad Talbot, Ho thinks there tro too many "atouownllers" in the district to render his return snfe, and wo think the lion, gentleman is exercising n wiso discretion1 He lias resolved on selecting Rodney as the scens of his electoral exploits, where, it would appear, tho atmosjnhero is more politically congenial, Mr O'Fnrrell has also Idscided not to stand, and the candidates for Maryborough now are— Messrs Stewart, Bowman, J, O. Simeon, Frascr, ami our town , olork, Mr I. Andrews, who has been in- fluontially reqiio-tod to contest the electorate. At tho great convention held at Dunodin, it was stated that the revontie of tho pro vince of Otago amounts to a million yearly, and this was used na an argument for tho creation of the province into a separate colony. It was resolved to petition the Queen for thii boon. The Otago Timaa gives the following : — Mr G. K. Turton, having received a circular from Mr. ltacnndrew, has replied as follows: — When it is borne in mind that tho members of tho present Parliament were elected ac cording to their views on the Abolition question, and that nfter a long and exhaus tive dobato in tbo House on tho Abolition Bill, the latter was carried by a large ma jority, and eventually became, nud now Is, law, I think that as true colonists and loyal subjects, it is the duty of one and all of ub to assist in giving tho Abolition Act a fair trial, and not to excite the people to dissatis faction nnd disloyalty. Under the circum stances, I mast decline to a Head the moot ing. The New Zealand Herald, published at Auoklaud, says : — So plentiful nro female domestic servants nt tho present time that it defies the registry offices to find employ ment for them, and many young women who are ont of sitnations are in destitute circum stances in consequence. Within the laBt fow days several ' servant girls accepted engagements at lc6s than half the usual wnges, oariag to their having no means of subsistence, l'here are Bome monsters in the world, and one of them appears to exiat at Picton, New Zealand, According lo tho local paper, a man named Woodgato was brought up on remand nt the Picton Police Oourt on the 11th, to answer a charge of child -warder. His niece Susan deposed to hnviag had two children by him. The first was born dead, nnd the second she heard cry. W.iodgate alone delivered her. nnd said before nnd nfter the child's birrh llm he wvuhi smother it, and threatened to shoot her if she told nnyono. She declares that she never saw tho child after its birth. The other niece has not been examined yet. Woodgato was remanded. Tho Victoria Arcade, Bourke street, will ba opened by the Mnyor at four o'clock this afternoon, when a concert will bo given. To-morrow evening tbnt talented actress Mrs Scott- Siddons will take her farewell benefit, when Much Ado About Nothing will be produced. Mrs Scolt-Siddons' deserves well of the Melbourne public, and no doubt her benefit will be a substantial one. ' 1 At the Academy of Music this evening Mr Edmund Faulkner's comedy of Men of the Day, or Extremes, is to be presented, The caste is exiremeiy good, and as tli9 comedy has always pleased nudicaceain England, we have no doubt it will prove effective here, The bazaar in aid of the Magdalen Asylum wns re-opened in St. George's Hall yesterday afternoon. The attendance on the occasion whs moderate., nnd a fair business wns done by the lady stallholders. Daring the evening n concert was given, under the direction of Madame Pott, in which Mrs Tobio, Miss O'Brien, Miss Rossiter, nnd Mr Bloomficld took part. A duet played by Madame and Miss Pett on two pianos was well received. This evening Herr Gerlaeh will conduct at the concert, and Miss Biopby, Miss O'Brien, Mr Henderson, and several amateurs will assist. The inclemency of the weather last night somewhat.interfered with tbe attendance at tho theatres. The circus, however, was very full, and the performances went off with groat vigor. Both the Oners House and the Theatre Royal wore fairly attended, nnd Madame Angot nud Twelfth Night were' performed. At the Theatre Royal, to-night, the Hunchback will be played. 