THE HAUNTED HOUSE, on THE SIIADOWV AT :RIVYIihIALL BY lt. . II. I. IDDtIiL, deTiolio or A LIls,' Assli, Geonmoa Glulll, do. CUAPTaER Viii CONTINUED. She looked up into my face, and I saw the tears come softly stealing into her eyes, "and her mouth began to pucker, erc, drooping her head, she replied: " Sir, just three months ago, come the twentieth, I was a happy woman, I had a good husbuand and a tidy home. There was not a lady in the land 1 would have changed places with But that night my man, comling home in a fog, fell into thie river and was drowned. It was a week before they found him, and all that time--phile I hIad bhens hoping to hear hIis step every minute in the day-I was a widow." "Poor soul '!" I said, involuntarily. " Well. sir, when a man goes, all goes. I have done my best, but still I have not been able to feed my children -his ohildren-properly; anrid the sight of their poor pinched faclees break my. heart, it do, sir," and she burst out sobbing. "And so, I suppose," I remarked, uyvou thought you would face this house rathor than poverty ?" "Yes, sir, I heard the neighbours talking about this place, and you, sir, and I made up my miid to come and ask if I might'ut tidy up things a bit for you, sir. I was a servant, sir, before I married, and I'd he so thank Tql." eToll. to cut the affair shorter for the reader than I was able to do for myself, I gave her half a crown; aniid'told her I would think over her proposal, and let her hear from me-whichs I did. I told her she might come for a couple of hours each morning, and a couple of hours each evening, and she could bring one of .her children with her if she thought she was likely to find the olaoe lonely. I would not let lier come in tihe day time, because in the quest I had set myself, it was needful I should feel assured no person could have an oppor tunity of elaborating any schemeo for frightening mn on the promises " Real ghosts," said I to Mr. Craven, "I do not mind; but the physical agencies which may produce ghosts, I would rather avoid.". Acting on which principle I always remained in tile ahouse hlile Mrs. Scott-my charwoman was so named-oloaned, and cooked, and put things straight " No one can imagine what a revolution this woman affected in my ways and habits, and in the ways and habits of the Haunted House. Tradesmen called for orders. The butcher's boy came whistling down the lane to delihver the rump-steak or mutton chop I had decided on for dinner; the greengrocer delivered his vegetables; the chlessemonger took solemn affidavit concerning the freshness of his stale eggs and superior quality of an artiolo wvhich ho called country butter, and .eqlared cqmo frqm a particular dairy: fired for tio exellneo of its5 produce; he isnjlklnq'q yaphoo squnded cheerfully fg the njorniig hoqrs; and the lotter qox wmas lled with cards from all sorts and descriptions of people-from laiun droesses to wine merchants, from gar doners to unidertakers.' The doors now never shut nor opened of their own accord. A great peace seemed to have settled over River Hall. It was all too peaceful, inf fiot. .1 had gone to the place to hunt a ghost, and not even the ghost of a' ghiost seemed inclined to reveal itself to me. HAPTERn X. THE W~ATCHER IS WATCHED I have never been able exactly to satisfy my mind as to the precise period during 6y occupatibn of the Haunted IPiO wPiecn it occurred to"mo thit.: be~pg wiatohed' Jazilj I rnuan ove had some conosciousness of iho fact ugi' beforeI began sepriou4ly to enter tan the idea. I felt, ev'en when I was walking tlhougGh London, that I was often being kept in sight by some person. I had that vqgue notion of a stranger being ipgrortced i4 any moycmaruts whioh it is pR nimnpqssible to define to 4 friend, and whioh one is chqry of seriously discus sng with oneself. Frequently, when the corner of a street \was reached, I found myself involuntarily hening to pok baalnk; and, prompted by instinct, I O!nppose, for there was no rcason about ohl Ifatter, I vpried my ropto to anud from tihe HIaunted I-House, ans nuch ans the nature of the roads permitted. Further, I ceased to be punctual as to to the hours of my business, sometimes arriving at the office late, and, if Mr. Craven had anything for ioe to do City ward, returning direct from thence to River Hall without touelung Buckinrg ham Street... By this time February had ilrawn to a closbe, and better weather might-thern forebhave ,been expected;: instead :of which, one evening as I paced westward, snow began to full, arid eontiidied com ing down till somewhere near mid night Nest morning-MIrs. -Scott drewo-my. -attentieii to certain footmarks bn the walks, and ,benoeath thoe library and drawing-room windows-the footmnarks, evidently, of a tnn whose feet were not a pair. With the' keenest interest I oxamlincedtlhesa tracc.iof'a human pitr suer. Clearly, the footprints had been mnide by only one persion, and that pc, son defdrmnicd in mone way. ' Notmerely was the right foot track different from thant of the left, but the way in which its owner put it to the ground must hIave been different also. Ti?he one miark was clear and distinct, cut into the snow with a firm tread, while the other. left a little broken bank at its right edge, and scarcely any impressiolt on the Ileel. Slightly lame, I decided. Eases his right:foot, andthas his boots made to order. " It;is very 'odd," I remarked-alobd to Mrs. Scott *"That .it is, sir,", she answered; adding, ."I hope to gracious none of them nmobamen are going to come bur glaringhcro i" "Poohl1" T replied; there is nothing for them to steal, except chairs and tables, and Idon't think ono man would carry mnany of them away." The whole of that day I found my thoughts reverting to those footmarks in thie snow. Vlhat piurpose anyosle pro posed to serve by prowling about liver Hall I cannot imagine. Before toking up my residence in the HIaunted House, I had a theory that soume malicious person r peraons was trying to keep ti?he plo unodcupied-nay, *further, imaginationi. suggested the idea that, owing.to.its priximity to the river, Mr. Elmsdaloe's HaI-ll might have, taikeo the faney of-a gang of smugglers, who lihd provided for themsolves mecans of ingroes and egress ulnknowin to the outside world. But all notions of this kind now seemed preposterouse. . . SSldwly, but surely, the conviction had been gaining upon usethlat let the mysteri:of 1iiver Hall be what it would, dio ordinary explanation could account for the phenomena which it had pre sented to tenant after tenant; and nmy own exporioiuces in the Ihouso, sliclht though tlhey were, tended .to satisfy me there was sosmelhiug beyond malice or interest at -sork abtout the place. Thle very peace vouchsafed to me seemed another element of mystery, since it certainly would have been natural for any veil-disposed.person to inaugurate a sorics .of .ghostly.sp ectaelcs fur the benelit of an investigator liko myself ; and yet, somehow, the absence ofesuper natural nppearances, and the presence of that shadowy human being who had at lanst left tangible proof of his reality behind him in, the snow,. linked themselves together in my mind. " If there is really anyone watching me," I. finally decided, ,.' tlero must be a deeper mystery attachled to River .Ihall. than'his yet been suspected. , Now, the first thiiig is to mnake sure that some one is watching inc, alid the next to guard against danger from himi." In the course of the day, I made a for ine, outious purchaseso In a little shop, situated in a back street, I bought half a dozen reels of black sowing cotton. . , This cotton, on my return home, I attached to trellis wor'ki oitidoed the drawing-room window, and wound across ltho walk and routid esuch trees and shrubs as g.'ow in. positions convenient, for my puroose. ".If these thireads:re brooken in, tbo morninlg, 1 shall knowI havena flesh uand blood foo to encounter," I thought. Next morning I fdund all the threads fastened across the walks rleading round by tbo library and drawing room snapped in two. . " It was, then, flesh and hiood I had dom oilt tod fight, and I' decidodtdo:kelip wavtch tlhat night . As usual, I wciqt p to my bedroom, qnd,: after keopipg th.p.gas burnis?g. for about thp tile ' ordlnarily spent in un' dressing, put out the light, softly turnedl the handle of thle door, stole, still silently, along the passage, 'nld so into alargo apartment. with windows which ovorlooked both the library and drawing 007m. it wol hero, l kiIno , that Iiss Ilmns dale mistlhave liard horfath'er walkiiin past tho door, and. I am obliged to con fess that, as I steppEd across the riom, a nervous chill seemed for a momont to tiake my courage captive.' '' If any reader will consider the matter, ,mino was not an onviable position. Alone in &adesoltb;'o housb, 'rdputed to be hauntcd, watching for somu one who had sufficient intorest in theo place to watchiit and mo:closely.i: :; It was still ecrly--not later tlinn lalfl iasR ton. I had"cqucluded to kleep my yigil '1ntil alter midnight, and tried to while away tli 2timo with thoughts foreign toAhlo matter in,hlnd4! ,. :. All in vain, however. Leot mo force what subject I pleased upon my mind, it-roviertid persistontly, .to0 Mr, ElIadalo and the eipc.umstahine's 4f his death. ".Why cdid he commit ,siioide t':, I specclatod. "If he'ihad lost money, was that any reason why he should shoot himself ?" ' . Peoplo had done io, I ?iP ' aware ;. and pooplo, probably0 would:oontinue to do so; hu nU t lar4-heartcd, hiard-.cadcd mon, suoph as Rqbort Elmsdolo was 'reputed to havo boeon. . ? as not so old that the ashlcivclhnet of a acidond sucocess should have seomod impossible. His credit was good, his actual positionI unsuspeocted. River [lull, unhaunted, was not a bad property, and in thoseo days lie could have sold it advanta geously. . cFuld not understand tile motive of lios hicide, unless, indeed, h'e was !mad or drunk- at tile time And then I began to wonder whether anything iabuot his lifirhald cme Ou'ote.on tihe rnquest-anlytiring concerning habits, associates, :alnd corection·s. 'fad there been any other inider-current, besides? betting, ini his life brought out in dvi donce which mright help e~eto a solution of the mystery ? "I will'ask Mr. Craven to-morrow," I thought, " whether he has a copy of the Times, containing a report of the inquest. Perhaps.-" What possibility I was about to rsug gest to mlly owln mind I shall never now Itnow, for at that molrenrt there flamied out upon the garden a brond, strocng tlamne of !ighlt-- a flame which came so ewiftly anid suddeonly, thata iman, creep. ing along the River Walk, haid niot time to stop Out of its influence before I hlid caugllt 'tull sight of him. There was not mucoh to see, howvever. A iiiian Ralolit the middle height, muffled in a cloak, wearing a cap the peak of which wans drawn down over his forehead: that was all I could disern, ore, cowering bruck from the light, he stolb away into the darkruss. flad I yielded to my first impulse, I should have rushed after himn in pursuit; but an instant's refloction told me how worse than futio such a wild- goose elhase must prove. Cunning must be imet with cunning, watching with watch ing. If I could discover who hlie was, I shonld have takien the first step towards solving the mystery of River Hell; but I should never do so by putting hiss on his guard Tie immediate business lying at that moment to my hand was to discoves whence aenmo the flare of light which, streaming across the walk. had revealed tihe intruder's preseice to mue. For that business I can truthfully say I felt little inclination. Nevertheless, it had to be undertaken. So, walking downstairs, I unlooked and opened the library door, and found, as 1: antieipated, the room in utter dark ness. I examnined the fastenings of the shutters.-they were secure as I had left them; I looked into the strong-room not even a ra:-iny concealed there ; I turne' the cooks of tlhe gas-lights-but no gas whistled through the pipes, for the service to the library was separate from that of the rest of the house, 'and ciapable of being shut off at pleasure. I, mindful of the lights.said to have been seen emanating from that' room, had talken away tihe key from the internal tap, so that lno gas could be used witlh out mny klnowledgeo or the possession of a secoud key. Therefore, as 1 have said, it Was nuo surprise to me to find the library in darkness. Nor could I say the fact of the light flaring, apparently, from a closely-shut-up room surprised me either. For a long time I iad beon expecting to see this phenomenon: nrii, when I did see it, I involuntarily con ncated the light, the apartment, and the stranger together. For be was no ghost. Ghosts do not leave footmarks behind them in the snow. Ghosts do not break threads of cotton It was a man I had seen in the garden, and it was imy business to trace out the connection between him and thle appearances at River Hall. Thinking thus, I loft the library. ex tinguished tlhecandle by the aid of which I; had made the 'investigations stated above, and after lowering the gaslightIl tilways kept burning in the hall, began isconding th.e lbroad, handsome stair case, slhen I was mot by the figureo of..a man:de csndiing the steps. I:.say ad visedly; the figure;' because, to external appearaince, he 'was as much -a living man as myself. And yet I know tlhe thing Whichl came towards ino was not flesh and blood K(new it when 'I stood still, too much sitipefied to feel afraid. Knewi it, as the figure descendcdswviftly, noiselessly. Know it, as, for one instant, we.wore side by side. Knowe it, whsnI putout my hand to stop itsiprogress,; and my hand, encountering nothing, passed through, the, plhantom as through ,air. Kniew it, when I'saw .the figureo pass through. the door I' had just 'looked, 'iid whilch opened to 'dmit tlteghostlyr visitor-opened vide, 'and. then closed again, without the help of. mortal hand ' ' '.After that.I kriow notliing more' till I canne to my'rsensos again' and'found myself half lying,- halfsitting on the staircase, with my head resting against the banisters. I had fainted; but if aniy ian thinks I saw in a vision what I have described, let, him wait till hle reahobos the end of this story before ox presoing too positive an opinion atbout tlht m'atter. Ho 'w I passed tile romaindor of that niglt, I can scarcely toll. Towards morning, however, I fel lnasleep, and it was.quite lato, when I, 'awoke: so lato that Mrs. Scott had rung for admittance before r was out of bcd.: ... : 'That morning twyo curioqs things. 6icur&ed;:0 one, tlhd postmian brought a letter for tle late ownor, of Rivor; Hall, and dropped it into tho. box anothor, ,IMra Soott'asked me if I would allow her and two of her children to take up thoei roeideiia at the Haunted House. She could not manage to pay her rent, she eoplained, and some kind friends had offered to maintain her older cllildren' 'if sh' could: keep the two youngest. S:And I thought, sir, seeing hoew i m?anty spa rooms there arer hee, and the furniture want oleaning, and the windows opening when the sun is out, thqt perhaps you would not object to me staying hero altogether. I should not want any more wnages, sir, and I would do my best to give satisfactian. For about five minutes I considered this prioposition, made to me whilst :sitting at breakfast, and decided in favor of granting her request. I felt satielsfied srhe was not in league with the person or persons engaged in watching my movements; it would he well to have somno one in care of the pren ises during my absence, and it woul clearly be to her interest to keep her place at Rive~r lnll( if possille.. . • i : ! Accordingly, when she brought in my boots, I tohl her slhe .could remove at once if she liked:. ' "Only remenmber one thing, MFrs. Stott," I said. "If you find any ghosts in tihe dark cnoronrs, you must not c6im to mie withl any complaints." 'i'l sleep sounl, sir," she answered, "and I don't think any ghosts will trouble me in the daytime. So thank you, sir;: I will bring.over a few things and stay here, if you please." "Very good; hero is the key of the bacok door," 1 answered; anld in five inuates more I was trudging London ward. As I' walked along I decilded not to say, anythiug'to Mr. Craven concerning tile previonus night's adventures; first, bcause I felt reluctant to mention the apparition, and secondly, beeause in stinct told mo I should do detter to keep my own counsel and conihde in no one till [ had obtained some clus to tihe my-tory of that midnight watcher. " Now here's a very curious thing," said Mr. Craven, after he hIad opened ralnd readl tho letter left at Rliver Hall that morning. "This is fromI a man whor has evidently not heard of Mr. Elhnsdale's death, and who writes to say hIowmuch he regrets having been obliged to lhnAiroe England without paying hirs IOU heldb y my client. To show that though he may have seenmed dishoneost, hI never nmeant to cheart Mr. Elmsdale, lie encloses a draft on London for the Driucipal and, interest of tliohe amount due." ir"ery creditable tolrim," I rcmarked. " \Whatis ithe amoun t, sir ?" " Oh, the total is under a hundred poundse," ianswered Mr. Craven; "but what I mieant by saying thie affair seemed curious is this; amongst Mr. Ilmhsdale's papers there was not an 1 0 U of any description." "Well, that is singular," I observed; tlhen asked, "Do you think Mr. Elrns dale linhad iany other office besides the library at River Hall ?" "No," was the reply, " none what ever. When higavoe up his offtices in town, Ihe moved eveiry one of Iris papers to River Hall. Hlo was a reserved, but not a seeret mani not a.man, for in stance, at all likely to lead a double life of any sort." " And yot'ho.betted," I suggested " Certainly that, does puzzle ine," said Mr. Cravenou. " and it is nil against my statement, .for I am certain no human being, unless it 'might be Mr. Harringford, whorlnew him in business was aware af the fact."'' " And whart is our theory about the absence of all- imprtant documonts?" 1 inquired. . . " I think he mut have raised money on them," Mr. Cr on answered. T'o be eoutiued. 