RITUALISTIC TACTICS. We loam .from some of the Evangelical .organs published in England, that it is now . pretty generally admitted that the ultimate design of the Ritualistic party in that country is to bring about a union between the . Churches of England and Rome. This supposition would tend to strengthen the notion which has long been entertained by many, namely, that this whole movement had originally been con trived, fostered, and carried out by a band of J esuits who have crept into the Church of England with . this intention. This movement, thus originated and planned by Jesuits, has bepn warmly espoused and ad vanced by some so-called Protestant clergymen, but who; alas, were still in their , unrenewed V and . unconverted . con dition smd;-; to ;tta all the pretences and formalism ripf- Rome would be quite ; congenial; ;4 Nor would it be difficult to suppose;' that' this movement should... find very, many;.. warm advocates andTrie'nds amongst the: great body of the laity, from precisely the same cause, as the slate Archbishop Wliately has abundantly shown, that Romanism is the religion of -corrupt human nature. The mode of action of the Ritualists is the one best adapted to effect their purpose. Indeed it is the only one by which .they could at all hope to succeed. Their object is to inocu late the Protestant mind -with Romish doctrine, to familiarise the Protestant eye with Romish ceremonies, and accustom the Protestant ear to certain names and sounds; indicative and introductory to Ro.inish dogma and teaching. Hence the transformation of so many Protestant Churches into seeming Mass-houses, the High altar the priests the gorgeous vest ments, : the high-sounding music, the in cense, the display of . the Cross, the bow ings and genuflexions, with all the other puerilities.and paraphernalia of the corrupt Romish apostasy. Endowed with con siderable foresight, and gifted with mar vellous patience, these subtle Romanisers hope, in process of time, that their princi ples will spread abroad ; and make way, even as "a little leaven leaveneth the whole Jump." Another favourite method by which these : Romanisers endeavour to entrap the unwary is by the assumption of antiquity.' and the charms of learning and literature. Accordingly, they have their varied " Church Societies," at whose stated meetings', the ' members read certain " papers," setting " forth their peculiar views, which are then published, as they hope, to the worlds by' their recognized and favourite journals. By this means the upper ranks of society are hoped to be reached and influenced. The numbers of Protestants, both clergy and laity, who have of late years, through this instru mentality, seceded to Rome, is almost in credible. And as the work thus goes on in England, so likewise in Ireland we re mark precisely similar proceedings, but of course on a much smaller and more insig nificant scale. As the workings and designs of Popery are' ever the same in all lands, so it is instructive to remark how the movements of the Ritualists in all places are uniform. ; At a late meeting of a body called " The Irish Church Society," a paper was read entitled " Primitive Liturgies,"' by 'L .Studde'rt,' Esq., LL;D., the object of; which; was. to show, accord ing to the learned .author, that "Liturgies" were composed in the apostolic days, and that, particularly' '.tliA -Liturgy of St. James," or a part of it, was. in existence before A.D., 59 j and that one constant feature of these parent Liturgies was that after the consecration "the elements were changed, into the body and blood of our Saviour." But, added the learned lec turer, " though the1 real presence was thus clearly taught, there was no word of Tran- substantiation." ' The thing itself is there, according to this lecturer; the name, we are left to infer, might have been added in' after ' ages. This teaching was, no doubt, exceedingly palatable to Dr. Studdert's Ritualistic hearers. It was intended, too, that it should go out and beyond that select cirele, for we were Boon informed in'the columns of the Ecclesias tical Gazette of this "able and learned paper," which it was hoped would be pre sented in Jull in a future number of that journal. Thus, according .to Dr. Studdert, the Apostle St. James, in his supposed " Liturgy," inculcated the doctrine of the change of the elements into the body and blood of our Saviour, or what is now com monly or popularly termed " Transubstan- tiation," and this is the teaching that is designated " able and learned " by the Ecclesiastical Gazette, and is considered' worthy of being presented " in full " to its readers. We hazard the opinion, how ever, that it would have proved much more profitable for the lecturer himself, as well as for those who heard him, on the occasion referred to, if they were engaged in studying the inspired speech and letter of St. James, the one delivered, according to the chronology marked in the New Testament, A.D. 53, wherein that Apostle absolutely cautions the Gentiles against the use of " blood ;" and the other, written A.D. 60, to urge " the Twelve Tribes," to patient waiting for the coming of the Lord ; cautions and exhortations, we need hardly say, he could never utter consistently with believing the " elements changed into the Body and Blood of our Saviour." The delusive and mischievous character of this teaching of Dr. Studdert's, however, may be better brought to light by exhibiting the true character of these so-called " Primitive Liturgies." They are, all of them, impudent forgeries. M. Dupin, the learned doctor of the Sorbonne, who com piled the " History of Ecclesiastical Writers," in pp. 8, 9, containing the his tory of the first centuries, denounced all the Liturgies attributed to the Apostles as forgeries of the fifth centuries. -The fol lowing is his testimony concerning the Liturgy attributed to St. James : — " There remains only the Liturgy attributed to St. James, which divers learned men have taken much pains to vindicate, but to no purpose, for although it is more ancient than those we have already examined, since it is cited in a council, which was held in the Emperor's Palace in . Trullo, after the fifth general council, yet we ought not to say that St. James was the author thereof, or that it was comppsed in his time. For — 1st. The Virgin Mary is called in the Liturgy the Mother of God, and the Son and the Holy Ghost are said to be con-substantial with the Father, terms that were altogether un known in St. James's time. But sup posing that they were,, is it credible that this authority, should not be alleged in the councils of Nice, Ephesus, and Constanti nople! 2nd. We find therein the Trisa- gion and the Doxology, that is to say, the Sanctus and the Gloria Patria, which were not generally recited in the Church until the fifth century, ; for though it might be proved that they were in use before, never theless it must be confessed it was not the general custom of the Church. 3rd. There are Collects for those that were shut up in Monasteries. Can any man say that there were Monasteries in St. James's time ? 4th. There is a mention made of Confes sors, a term that was not inserted in the divine offices until a long time after James, even according to the confession of Bellar- mine. 5th. In this Liturgy there is men tion made of churches, incense, altars, &c.; Can it be imagined that these things were used in St. James's time? 6th. We find therein many citations from the Epistles of St. Paul, the greatest part whereof were written after St. James's death . . . Besides, the connexion and the ceremonies of the whole Liturgy do not agree with the times of the Apostles." One of the principal characteristic marks of the apostasy of the "latter times "is "speaking lies in hypocrisy ;" and it is certainly humiliating and painful in the extreme to observe how, in this respect also, the Ritualists tread so closely in the steps of the chief leaders of the Romish system. For it cannot, we suppose, be considered possible that the statements of Dupin, as to the fictitious character of the "Primitive Liturgies," as given above, are altogether unknown to the generality of able,' , and learned " Ecclesiastical lawyers and lecturers. But such are amongst the means used, as we pointed out at the commencement, to complete and consummate the- course of apostasy to RonVey as-far as the Churches of England and Ireland are. concerned, by the Ritual istic party. Will the faithful remnant of Protestants permit this ? We hope not. We believe the remedy is in 'their own hands. What is that remedy? It is to keep wholly apart from all association and connexion with' this evil system — -to- " touch not, taste not, handle not," the un- clean thing — it is, on the part of the Pro testants, to draw around thetn a strict cordon, which .may prove effectual to stay the plague — stamp it out— and suffer it not to come migh themselves or their dwellings. ; i; 