'VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, Tuesday, August 8. The debate on the Budget wa3 pro ceeding satisfactorily last week, when it was brought to an untimely stop at the beginning of Thursday evening's sitting by the sudden and unexpected apparition of a want-of-confidence motion from the Opposition Corner. All practical busi ness will now be held over till this ghost is laid. Sir James McCulloch was at first inclined to treat the matter as rather a joke than otherwise, as the motion was moved by a hitherto insignificant member, Mr. James, who represents BaUarat Ea3t. It was only upon Mr. Berry undertaking to father the resolution, and adopt it as the property of the Opposition, that the Government decided to seriously accept it, and to adjourn the House for its full discussion this week. The resolution reads as follows : — ' That the Committee express regret that no provision has been made for judicious and systematic re trenchment in the cost of government, and that no proposal has been sub mitted for a revision of the inci dence of taxation, for the imposition of a land tax, and the repeal of certain duties of Customs.' It is quite true that regret is felt that these important matters are not to be dealt with, but the Stonewallera them selves are answerable for the fact that the present House has earned the character of being incompetent to deal with them. That anything but windy talk and waste of time will result from Mr. James's ill timed action not even the mo3t sanguine of the Berryites can imagine. True, Mr. Service has denounced the Treasurer as a ' dodger, juggler, and prevaricator ;' and Mr. Casey in melodramatic style has waahed his hands of the Government; but even if they both joined with Mr. Berry the combination would still be in a hope less minority. At a banquet held at Lily dale Sir James McCulloch let it be known that he and his colleagues have not the slightest fear a3 to the results. A plain country member ia said to have remarked— 'Whenever these Treasurers get up they talk at one another like a parcel of schoolboys.' As on previous occasions, the financial debate resolved itself into a quadrangular duel between the Treasurer and ex-Treasurers. Mr. Berry and Mr. Service jumped heavily on Sir James, and they were in turn roughly handled by Mr. Langton, ably seconded by Mr. Murray Smith, the clear-headed free-trade member, and pos sible Treasurer in futuro. Mr. Berry's charge fell decidedly flat, as he had nothing new to add to his usual ' swearing at large' at the occupants of the Treasury bench — a dish to which we have already been treated ad nauseam. He grew eloquent as to Sir James McCulloch's omissions, and drew a picture in contrast of what his own team would have done had they been allowed to remain in office — how the Customs duties ? would have been revised, a land tax intro duced, the Civil Sen-ice reformed, the. wharfage rates remitted, and everything happily settled. No hon. member was; observed to weep over this touching vision.' of what might have been. The improved ? state of the finances Mr. Berry attributes to the increased land sales and the improved railway revenue, and he charged the Treasurer with having cooked the accounts so as to bring out his balance on the 30th June. His prophecy for the current year is a debit balance of £289,000, but it is consoling to find that he at the . same time believes that the colony is to be congratulated on the present highly satisfactory state of ita affairs. Mr. Service's fierce attack made consi derably more sensation in the House. He began ominiously by saying that what he was about to say was to be taken in a strictly political sense. After which, he indulged in particularly warm language,, charging the Treasurer with having pre sented a false finance sheet and with having falsified the permanent records of the House. The public are astounded that so able and experienced a politician as Mr. Service should make such serious charges against a man like Sir James McCulloch, who, whatever mistakes he may have made, has firmly established his character for streling honesty and up rightness. And it turns out that after all it is a storm-in-a-teacup quarrel over a mere question of bookkeeping. Mr. Service's complaint is that it was only by taking credit for recoups not yet actually received that the Treasurer managed to show a surplus on the 30th o£ June— that is, he had represented sums as actually received when theyhad not been received. Mr. Service claimed that in making his own finance statement; in July last he had counted not one. penny but the money in cash in the Treasury, and that though at that time he had the same assets available by recoup?, £134,000, he did not take credit for it, but put down the amount as assets for the following year. Instead of this the Treasurer had paid out of the Treasury. £160,000 more than he had in it by bor rowing from other moneys and trust funds in his possession, but for which ho would have had to show a deficiency of £160,000. He asserted that the Audit Commissioners will not pass the state ment, and that the Treasurer had either unmistakably blundered or, as he was evidently more inclined to think, delibe rately attempted to deceive. The exact point in regard to the recoups is not very clear to ordinary unfinancial minds, and Mr. Service illus trated it by taking tho case, of a man who has £500 a year; he is owed £50, and on the strength of this incurs liabilities for the year to the extent of, £550, and at the end of the period puts down his assets as £550, iacluding his salary and the loan, although the- loan at that date had not actually been returned; that is, instead of acknowledging the deficit and putting down the £50 as a probable asset for the following year. Mr. Langton, who is mainly respon sible for the present method of keeping the public accounts, topk up the cudgels for the Government, and dealt Mr. Ser vice some very hard knocks. He con ddered the language used as to dodgery, jugglery, &c;, altogether unworthy of Mr. Service, and an absurd exaggeration of the facts. Mr. Langton showed that under the present system Parliament entrusts the Government with only sufficient supplies for the expenditure of the year, and requires an exact account of the moneys the Government has received and expended before it votes any more for the year following. There could thus not possibly be any falsification or deception, ' because the accounts 'showed on the face of them what had been received and what were available assets as good as money, though not yet received. This applied to the item ' recoups yet to be received.' He put it that the moneys were either received before June 30, or they were not. If they were not they were assets just as good as those pieces of paper which Banks showed to Auditors as received from the clearing-house, which were not sovereigns, but vouchers for the existence of sovereigns in Borne strong-box in the city, and which were always received as such. Mr. Murray Smith followed in the same Btrain, giving the opinion that a more unfounded charge of disingenuous ness was never made in the House, and that if ever a financial statement deserved the title of lucid and straightforward the one last made by the Treasurer did. It will be seen that the whole thing resolves itself into a personal tilt between the crack financiers, and the encounter* though interesting to the onlookers, is not likely to affect the passing of tho Budget as presented by Sir James McCulloch. Some of the small-fry Bills have been set going. Mr. Service's Bills of Sale measure has passed its second reading with little or no discussion. Mr. Casey's measure to repeal the Payment of Mem bers Act has been read a first time. An unusual number of private Bills are being brought forward, and members complain that scanty consideration and too little time are given for forwarding these. The Melbourne Benevolent Asylum have a Bill asking for power to sell their present buildings and land. The others include two Gas Companies, who seek extension of their powers; the Colonial Bank, in regard to incorporation; and the Austra lian Dramatic and Musical Association, as to establishing and regulating their permanent funds. The severe punishment meted out to Mr. McKean has not had the effect of making a martyr or hero of him. His own constituents share in the healthy public opinion on his case. Having decided to keep out of the political arena himself he modestly telegraphed to Gipps land that he wished Ms friend F. L. Smyth elected, and that the latter would ' keep the Liberal interest together' till such time as their beloved McKean Bhould return to them. Gippsland bluntly rtplied that they would have neither himself nor his Mend, and that his own fate 'served him right' It is now certain that Sir Charles Duffy will be Been once more in the House. The glowing picture he drew when Premier of Gippsknd and its need of a railway has borne fruit, and without going near the district or making a single election speech he will be returned. ' Even those who differ from him will be glad to welcome him back as a thoroughly able man, and there is the additional minor advantage that the country will save £300 a year, as Sir Charles will not draw that in addition to the £1,000 pension he at present receives. The news of the foundering of the Eastern and Australasian Mail Service Company's steamship Queensland created an. immense sensation in the city. For a time there it was feared that lives had been lost It is felt to be a most provi dential thing that the weather was so calm at the time of the disaster. Any one can see from the frightful damage to the Barrabool that she could not have lived in a rough sea. Over 20,000 per sons visited the wharf on Sunday to inspect her. It is evident that the only thing that saved her was the wise pro vision of watertight compartments. Great regret is felt at the fate of the Queens land. She was one of the grandest vessels that has ever visited these waters, and made one of the fastest runs on record from China to Sydney. Luckily for the Insurance Companies, she had just before safely landed her cargo of 2,500 tons of tea in Melbourne. The Captain of the Queensland is highly commended for his presence of mind in the trying emer gency. It is marvellous that there should have been only one life lost out of the 107 crew and 17 passengers. The Chinamen and Malays looked a very ragged and forlorn lot on landing; they had managed to save about a suit of clothes between three. The passengers lost everthing — one of them a desk with 140 sovereigns in It, which he vainly tried to rescue^-and they and the crew are most to be pitied, as they will get no insurance money. It was remarkable that this heavy disaster should have happened in connection with our port just at the time we were con gratulating ourselves that we had escaped the accidents that have been so frequent of late on the South Australian and New South Wales coasts. Only second in interest to the above was the telegraphic intelligence of the death of the Rev. Anketell M. Henderson. His trip through America had been reported to have been beneficial, so that the news of the fatal termination of his illness caused a great shock amongst his people. His Ios3 will be greatly felt by the Independent body here. They will have lost three leading men within a few months. Mr. Henderson has left behind him a lasting monument in the stately Collins-street Church, erected during his successful pastorate. That he was a man of great power is acknowledged on all hands, and he is no less famous for his library of 7,000 volumes than for his wonderful capacity for devouring and re producing with effect its contents. He was loved and respected by his own church, but there is not the strong feeling amongst the people generally that there might have been had the deceased cared to use the opportunities he had of gaining their sympathies. For some reason, whether constitutional or con scientious, he always appeared to prefer to take exactly the opposite course. This will explain the fact that the Press notices, -while laudatory, are rather flavoured with de mortuh nil nisi botinm. The Argu3 says: — ' Mr. Henderson, like all men who have lived in the public eye, had conspicuous faults; but no one who knew him thoroughly denied his great talent, his zeal, and his power of influencing those abjut him. He will be much missed, and it will not be easy to find a successor who can so entirely suit the liking of the large congregation to which he ministered. His style was not only earnest and forcible, but his extensive reading gave him an advantage in illustration of which he made excellent use. But he was a man of strong will, and had a somewhat despotic manner of asserting it, so that, with no doubt the best intentions and most praiseworthy purposes, he sometimes made enemies whom a little tact might have converted into friends. His im pulsive habits, too, sometimes led him into conflicts with the Press, which might also, Vy a less aggressive manner, have been advantageously conciliated.' There are many here who would be glad to see the Rev. Mr. Jefferis as Mr. Hen derson's successor. I have heard it re marked that if asked he will not be proof against the tempting offer of the leading Congregational position here. The Church has not yet met to decide what steps will be taken in regard to the future. We are still being kept in a lively state of uncertainty as to the coming English cricketers. We are no sooner settled by an 'authoritative' statement from the one side than we are upset by a still more authoritative announcement from the pro jectors of the rival team. Mr. Pickersgill announced Last week that Mr. G. F. Grace has telegraphed to say that he has got his men together, to the confusion of ; the arrangements made by Lillywhite. Mr. Bennett, the agent for the latter, meets this by stoutly declaring this week ' that the names recently published, with Lillywhite as captain, will comprise the team that positively leaves England next month to carry out the numerous match arrangements I have entered into as their agent, notwithstanding any contralictions or alterations.' The truth has.got mixed up somewhere, and owing to the break in the cable we shall hardly know which is which till the men themselves have 'reached us. 