The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In the place where I am domandod of oonsoionce to speak tho truth, and, there!ore, the truth I speak, Impugn It whoso list" TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in tho news columns should bo addressed to Tni EDITOB. No notlco can botakon of anonymous communications. Every letter most bo accompaulod by tbo name and address of tho wriior, uot uueeeearily for publication, but OB a guarantee» «1 good laiih. Rejected cotuniunlcailous cannot bo returuod under auy clreuiLaujicefi whatever. To avoid IntouvLUleuce and delay to pereous luterestod we have to request that all bualnees coiuaiunlca tlon», Including odvertlsouieuts, orders tor the paper, rtvi rt-mlitanccB, bo aidrcosed to WtLsC" And /iicMKr-OV, and liol to lim EDITOR. SATURDAY, OCTOBBR 28, 1876. This is a free country. We ara never tired of making the assertion. And yet it is a fact that powers are exercised in it, by law, which are kith and kin to the severest despotism. The allusion is of course to the authority wielded by the Minister of Customs, who, if he cannot send for a PASHA, and bowstring him in Oriental fashion, can lightly and off hand deal with a merchant and stab his reputation. It only needed the coarse abuso of Oppo- sition members on Thursday evening, founded upon a Btupid Custom-house return, to complete the disgust occa- sioned by the injustice to which the mercantile community has long been subject. The abuse would have been without sting but for the indefensible conduct of the Customs authorities in describing all the disputes brought before them as " frauds under the Customs Act" Such is the aubatauce of the heading given to tho return they laid before Parliament of iustancos in which the merchants and the revenue collectors have come into colli- sion. These encounters were to be ex- pected. It was beyond the bounds of possibility that a large and sweeping protective tariff could bo imposed upon a trading community without a series of misunderstandings. The years 18G7 and 18G8 wore prolific in trumpery differences of opinion between importers and collectors, and also in petty sins of omission and commission on the part of shipping clerks and com- mercial travellers, who had a new busi- ness to learn, and who were not a bit more brilliant than the custom- house officers. Both sides blundered and boggled. But while the customs officers went free, overy mercantile offender and every man who waa considered to be an offender by the Customs, every man whom these autho- rities regarded as wanting in sagacity, was liable, and still is liable, to re- ceive an arbitrary order to pay a fine. The junior clerk who adds up a column of figures incorrectly, and the shipping clerk who omits an enclosure, may equally drag their firm into the disgrace of a penalty. And it is of such caaes that the list quoted by Mr. A. T. CLARK is made up. Capital was made in the Assembly out of the case of Messrs. L. STEVENSON and Sons, who were fined £5 for passing a free entry for dutiable goods. The event occurred in 1867, when a commercial traveller, iguorantof the tariff, returned from New Zealand, and packed a number of odd pattern boots with his wearing apparel. The boots were of no commercial value whatever. The -idea of smuggling tra- vellers' samples is ridiculous, and yet the firm is first fined, which is an insult, and is afterwards placed on a list of " frauds under the " Customs Act," which is a wan- ton injury. A second firm passes an entry for "mohair braid," and is fined, and is included in the black list, because "mohair braid net" is the proper description. These are specimens of the incidents which crowd the re- turn ; and so far from that document being testimony against the merchants of Melbourne, it is evidence to every honest mind that, as a body, the hands of our traders are clean. They have stood the trial of the ad valorem duties in a manner that reflects credit upon their order. The Jadean na- tionality appears from the return to have been a little unfortunate. Several of its members have been heavily amerced for offences which we suppose were serious ; but apart from these gentlemen, it has not been found necessary to inflict fines of over £5 on half a dozen importers in this community. No fact could be more satisfactory, and placed bofore in- telligent and honest men, the list would secure our traders an instant acquittal from any general charge of malpractice. Unfortunately the document is liable in Parliament to be made use of by men who, if they are intelligent, are not honest, and whoso pleasure it ¡B to pander to outside ignorance and pre- judice, and to encourage the belief that riches and roguery go hand in hand. In view of the impertinences offered in Parliament, the fame oí which is bruited abroad, the time seems to have come for an inquiry whether the judicial functions of the Customs cannot be dis- pensed with. It is certain that if the Police department were to claim the same poworB, the request would be regarded as absurd. Tho police are not alio wed even to investigate charges of trotting over croEsings or of driving vehicles without lights after dusk, and to line the alleged offenders at- pleasure. So with de- partments still more analogous to the Customs than the police. The railway officials have a complicated tariff to administer, and collisions as to whether packages come more properly under one class or another can scarcely be uuknown, and yet these officers of the state are not allowed to fine at pleasure, and to afterwards- parade their victims in the company of malefactors. Nor is our history silent as to the attempted evasions of regulations under the Land Act, but of the monarohs in Latrobe, street it may be said that in all their glory, and at the plenitude of their power, they fall altogether short of the tariff despots. The land selectors have at least the benefit of a public hearing, and the community knows the nature and the extent of the crime alleged against them ; but no such right is allowed the man whom the revenue col- lectors are pleased to assail. These latter officers undertake to deal with two distinct classes of offences, those in which fraud is alleged, and those in which it is submitted mistakes have been made, and their jurisdiction is to be challenged in either case. As to fraud, they have no right to condone it. The proper place for a man so charged is before a court of justice. And as to the misunderstandings consequent- upon the complicated classification of goods, which are the common cause of fines, they ought not to bo punishable by law. The cuatoms officers havo the power to detain goods until correct entries are passed, and mei chants will bu swift of themselves to deal with any of their subordinates who may occasion a vexa- tious disputo and a tedious delay. The announcement made by the Chief Secretary on Thursday evening, that the Government deems it to be its duty to deal with the charities on a general plan may be taken, wo hope, its an intimation that it "means business." And the rceolution has been arrived at not n day too soon. Nobody can have watched the growth of pauperism, and the in- crease of professedly charitable institu- tions in this city during the last ten or fifteen years, and have reflected seriously upon the causes of that pauperism, with- out arriving at the conclusion that society ia deliberately encouraging the natural tendencies of the thrift- less and the shiftless to cast themselves upon the industrious and prudent for support in the hour of necessity, and for gratuitous treatment and medicine whenever they are overtaken by sicknoss or infirmity. It is equally impossible to escape the conviction that, in the majo- rity of cases, the distress which is re- lieved, and the maladies which are cured or alleviated, without cost to the suf- ferers, are attributable to conduct and to habits of life which ought to be dis- countenanced and discouraged, instead of being aided and abetted by the mis- taken, if not mischievous, " benevo " leuce" of the public. Such a false sentiment has sprung np with respect to this question, and is so lozily acquiesced in by numbers of persons who have never been at the trouble to give the subject a moment's thought, that it has como to bo regarded as quito a creditable thing to a com- munity that it should have founded, and should liberally support, a groat variety of institutions of a nominally philan- thropic character. It never seems to be considered that that commu- nity would be most deserving of praise, and would bo the furthest ad- vanced in true civilisation, which should havo succeeded in reducing to a mini- mum the necessity for such institutions, and in inspiring the poorest of its mem- bers with such a feeling of self-respect as would induce them to scorn the accept- ance of eleemosynary assistance, except under the pressure of a dire neceasity ; when it may be taken for granted that it would be promptly volunteered by their more prosperous neighbours, with a delicacy corresponding with the praise- worthy independence of the recipients. As it ÍB, however, society has not only broken down this sentiment of pride, but has accustomed thoso classes who have become flaccid under this inju- dicious system of indiscriminate relief, to look upon it as a right. Men and women are encouraged to neglect aud violato every duty they owe to their families and to the community of which they form a part, because they know that they will escape the penalties which their misconduct would other- wise entail upon them. If they spend every shilling of their earnings while they are strong and prosperous ; if they undermine their constitutions by intemperance, or by acting in total dis- regard of the laws of health ; and if they shorten their lives by practices of this kind, and leave a family of orphans behind them, they feel tolerably confident that thoir well-to do neighbours, as re- presented by the state and by the various charitable associations, will bear any burden which may thus devolve upon them. In this way the provident, the temperate, and the industrious are doubly weighted ia the battle of life; because they have not only in many instances to "shun de " lights and live laborious days," in order to secure their own families against adversity and dependence, but they have to maintain the unthrifty and the self-indulgent directly these have incapacitated themselves to carn their own living and that of their offspring ; and this evil is greatly aggravated, we are convinced, by the lax management of many of onr misnamed charities. These too often fall under the control of committees elected by a small number of the subscribers ; while the latter furnish a relatively inconsiderable per- oentage of the funds administered. There is little or no sense of responsibility, while there are great temptations to ex- travagance, to the abuse of patronage, and occasionally to jobbery with re- spect to contracts. There are exceptions, we cheerfully admit; but the system is a radically faulty one, inasmuch as the state which supplies the bulk of the mo noy ex- pended, has no voice whatever in its administration, and has not reserved to itself tho right of instituting a periodical audit of the accounts by a Government official. In the year 1874, according to tho Vic- torian Year Book, the disbursements of the various charitable institutions of this colony, exclusive of the industrial and reformatory schools and of. the hospitals for the insane, was £192,332, and of this amount the- Government contributed ¿£109,488. This sum, when it passeB out of the Treasury, is placed iu the hands of vaiious committees,' elected, in some instances, by a minority of tho subscribers to the respective insti- tutions which are thus subsidised ; and when the annual report and balance sheet are published, these documents are cursorily glanced at perhaps by a few of the contributors, and then pitched into the waste-paper basket. What is required, OB we havo urged upon previous occasions, is a moro re- sponsible-or, it would be more correot to say, a less irresponsible- administra- tion of our public charities ; and the exercise by persons nominated by and enjoying the confidence of the Go- vernment of a " voice potential " in each of the committees. It does not follow that these should be officials. They might be, like the trustees of the Public Library and of the Savings Banks, men selected on the ground of their high character and social eminence, whose duty it would bo to act as a check upon waste- ful or negligent administration, to re- press abuses, and to present an annual itport to the Government upon the position and management of the intitu- lions under their supervision. That something should be done, also, in order to render our hospitals self fcupporting to a certain extent by the establishment of paying wardB in con- nexion with them, is beginning to be admitted by a good many persons, who aro becoming alive to the fact that these inBtitutionB are resorted to by numbers of in and out-door patients who can very well afford to pay for medicine and advice; and that the supply of addU tional hospitals merely has the effect of increasing the demand for this kind of deemoBynary assistance, from those who ought to be ashamed to solicit and who should be provented from accept- ing it. We aro glad to observe that the com- mittee of the Melbourne Hospital are determined to give their new rules a fair trial. The medical non possicmvs came UBt a little too late. Perhaps it was fortunate that Dr. ROBERTSON and his colleagues persisted in their policy of masterly inactivity. A committee of iaymen might well have hesitated to make alterations against the united opposition of the medical staff. But whether we regard the interests of the Hospital or the cause of medical education, in whioh Dr. ROBERTSON at least might, from his official position, be supposed to feel some little interest, the neglect of those gentlemen to afford the committee the least assistance in their revision of the rules, and their haste to denounce the new rules before they had made the slightest trial of thom, are not calculated to exalt our opinion of the honorary staff. With the particular objections raised either by the collective staff or by Dr. ROBERTSON in his recont letter to the Hospital Committee, we are not now concerned. The matter relates merely to certain internal details of management, and it is enough for us that the committee sees its way to carry its proposals into off cet. If experience should show that thoy aro mistaken, we ¿»resume that it is not difficult to alter the rules, and so no harm will be done. But we wish to call attention to some important changes which tho new rules have made as regards the medical stu- dents, and which must exercise a groat influence upon tho future of our medical .school. In the first place, provision is now made for the systematic practical in- struction of Btudents in the Hospital. Hitherto medical students havo been allowed to seo tho practice of the physicians and surgeons, und sometimes explanations on what they saw wore given to them and sometimes not, accord- ing, we suppose, to the inclination or the leisure of the honorary officer. But although an occasional attempt was made, no clinical instruction in the proper sense of the term has been ordi- narily given. Under the new rules the honorary staff is divided into four parts, each of which includes a physician and a surgeon. Each divisionhascertainspecial duties for a week in each month. During their week of duty each physician and Burgeon of the week is to deliver at least one clinical lecture, which shall be open to all students of the hos- pital. Thus without any unreasonable encroachment upon the time of the phy- sicians and surgeons, the students will «have the benefit of one clinical lecture in medicine and one in surgery evory week. In addition to these lectures, there is other and more constant instruc- tion. Every pupil is to attach himself to some physician or surgeon, and to follow his practice. He pays for this privilege a fee of £i 10s. for a period of six months. In consideration of this fee, the physician or surgeon gives to his own pupils " special clinical " instruction," and at the Bamo time allows all students, whether thoy are his own pupils or not, to see his practice. Hitherto students have paid for the .whole of the necessary attendance at the Hospital about £50. The amount pay- able under the new rules will be about £27, the amount, we believe, now charged by University College Hos- pital, London. The fees have hitherto been paid into a common fund, and .divided alike among all the physicians and surgeons. In future each honorary officer will receive his own fees and have special charge of his own pupils. There are in all large hospitals certain minor professional offices. These are clinical clerkships, dresserships, and the offices of house physician or surgeon. The two former are generally held by students, the clinical clerks being the assistants of tho physicians, and the dressers the assistants of the surgeons. The house physicians and surgeons, or resident medical officers, as they are called in this hospital, are of course duly qualified professional men, who have the charge of the patients Bubject to the directions of the honorary staff. All these offices are eagerly sought for on account of the great opportunities they afford for obtaining a practical knowledge of the profession. We believe that in the United Kingdom considerable sums are in the great hospitals paid by way of premium for permieaion to fill them. Under the new rules of the Melbourne Hospital candidates will be appointed to their offices neither for money nor by favour, but by actual merit. That merit will be determined in the first instance by the place of the candidate in the Uni- versity class lists. That is to say, the students who obtain honours at their Uni- versity examinations will, in the absence of any personal disqualification, be ap- pointed-first as dreBsers, next as clinical clerks, and finally as resident medical officers. If the class-lists do not furnish a sufficient supply of candidates, the faculty of medicine will be requested to recommend the Btudents whom they think best qualified. It is not until the list of competent Univer- sity men is exhausted that the committee will look outside for can- didates, or will themselves exercise their patronage. In order to insure the ex- tension of these advantages to the largest .possible number of students, it ÍB pro- vided that clinical clerks and dressers 3hall hold office only for six months, and residentmedicalofficors for twelvemonths, with, of course, a power of re- election if such a course should be advisable. We 'Lave only to add, that the important .office of pathologist, or, as it is now called, demonstrator of morbid anatomy, has been placed on a new footing. Ex- perience has shown that it was hopeless to expect the services of any medical man in large practice for the very modest remuneration that the committee could offer. The office has lately been conferred on tho demonstrator of anatomy at the University. Provision is also made for instruction in pathology, and a fee has been established for the course. Dr. ALLEN, tho present de- monstrator, is one of the moat pro- mising of our medical graduates; the cresent arrangement will enable him <8o give his whole time to his anatomical and pathological researches; and we shall hope in due time to learn that he has something to tell to the medical world that thoy may think worth their while to hear. We havo to congratulate the com rmittee of the Hospital for this vigorous attempt to promote our medical éduca- tion. Melbourno now presents oppor- tunities for medical study not inferior to those in most of the great European schools. The committee of the Hospital have done well in remembering that in providing for the supply of competent »medical practitioners, not loss than in caring for the patients under their charge, they are returning to the public good value for tho large endowment . which they receive. A. steamer from Singapore is due at Batavia to-morrow, and it is therofore pro table that by this means our European dates ¡by cable will be brought up to the 20th inst. It is announced that another steamer is ex. pected to reach Batavia on Wednesday, 1st November. Ae yet there does not appear to be any special arrangement entered into for the conveyance of cable messages between the two ports, bat the ordinary mail steamers reach Batavia about once a week. We believe that the negotiations between the Government and the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, for the par- chase of that line, will be finally determined next week. The Government have made a definite offer for the parchase ot the railway, and it now remains for the directors to ac- cept or reject the terms. We understand that it is not the intention Of the banks to make any alteration on the rates of discount and interest at present, and as no official notice of the floating of the Vic corian loan han yet been received, it is not in tended thia month to altor the rate of ex- change on Lesftdon, Councillor Paterson, tbe mayor elect, waa yesterday presonted with on address signed by most of the principal merchants and business men of the city, oppressing the pleusuro they folt at loaming it was his in- tention to offer himself for re-olection as one of the civic representatives for Lonsdale ward. They pledged themselves to use their litmont efforts to ensuro his return. Coun- cillor Paterson returned a suitable reply, ac- knowledging the warm support that had been promised him. It ia considered by many that Mr. Bent's opposition to the return of the mayor elect is, under the circum stanccs, rather ungracious, Mr. D. C. M'Arthur, the late superin- tendent of the Bank of Australasia, and chairman of the representatives of the asso- ciated banks, was entertained at dinner on Thursday night by the inBpootors and mana- gers of those institutions, when he waa pre. sented with a cheque for £600 (contributed by the banks), and a copy of the following resolution, passed unanimously on the 16th : " The representatives of the associated banks desire to ptesent their cordial thanks to D. C. M'Arthur, Esq., upon his resigning office as their chairman, a position which he has so ably filled for many years, and to place on record thoir grateful sense of the courteous, practical, and impartial manner in which he has invariably conducted the various and re- sponsible duticB which devolved upon him in presiding over their meetings and delibera- tions. The several gentlemen who have been so long associated with Mr. M'Arthur further desire toexpreBi and record the high reapoct and esteem -which they individually ontortain for him, and trust that in tho honourable ro tiromcrit f rom ae-.tive business life upon which he is now entering he may eu joy that health, happiness, and reposo to which his long, arduous, and faithful services ao eminently entitle him."--Extracted from the mi- nutes («igned)-J. MATHESON, chairman. The £600 referred to above is to be ezpondsd in the purchase of a piece of plate, which will bear this inscription:-"Presented to David Charteris M'Arthur, Esq., J.P., upon his retirement from the office of superinten- dent of the Bank of Australasia, by the nine contemporary banks associated with that institution, in testimony of the judgment and ability with which ho has filled for many years the onerous and important position of their chairman, and in grateful acknowledg. ment of his uniform courtesy and impar- tiality." His Honour the Chief Justice will preside ' at the trial of the causes before juries of twelve, commencing in tbo Supreme Court on Monday next. Mr. Justice Stephen will pre eide over the cases before jaries of four on Monday ; after that day, Mr. Justice Fellows will take the business in the latter court Tho usual monthly meeting of the com- mittee of the Protestant Orphan Asylum was held at tho Athenaram yesterday afternoon. Judge Pohlman presided. The minutes of the previous ordinary and special general meetings were read and confirmed. The Beoretary (Mr. Exon) announced that the receipts for the past month amounted to £479 0s. 2d., and the disbursements to £600 2e. Id. A motion by Mr. Mullen, to the effect that a month's notice must be given of the nomination of candidates for seats on the committee, waa agreed to. The com- mittee proceeded to the consideration of the regulations for the boarding-out of orphan children. The most important regulations were postponed for farther consideration, and the merely formal ones agreed to. Mr. Mullen gave notice that he would move, at the next monthly meeting,-"That in the opinion of the committee it is not considered desirable to adopt the practice or aiding parents to support their ohildren at home." The meeting then adjourned until next Mon- day week. The members of the Steam Navigation Board met yeBterday at the Custom house, for the purpose of inquiring into the cause of the collision that took placo on the 20th inst., off Wilson's Promontory, between the A.S.N, Co.'s steamer Wentworth and the brig Rebecca Jane. From the evidence it ap- peared that about 3 a.m. on the morning of the 20th inst, the brig was running before the wind, when a bright light was seen ahead, and soon afterwards the green light of a steamer was opened up, and Boon afterwards the red light was seen. As the lights ap- peared to be making direct for her, the captain of the brig ordered tho helm to be put hard down so as to shake the sails and stop her woy ; but directly afterward8 the Bteamer Btruck her forward, carrying away her cutwater, bowsprit, and all the head goar. When the wreckage wai cut away the steamer took her in tow, and brought her to an anchorage under the Pro- montory, whore the damage was repaired, and she proceeded on her voyage to Melbourne. The evidence on both aides was of a very conflicting character, and at the conclusion the board decided upon postponing their decision until this morning. The usual meeting of the committee of the Alfred Hospital was held at the institution yesterday. The members present were the HOD. James Service (in the chair), Messrs. Martin, Ellery, Gemmell, Alston, Benjamin, and Robertson. A donation of £10 had been received from Captain Allbenry, on account of Messrs. Christie and Hicken, and the secretary reported that it had been suit- ably acknowledged. The tender of T. A, Ridoutt, for whitewashing, &c;, was accepted. The chairman brought under the notice of the committee a statement which waa made by "iEgles" in last Saturday's Australasian. The state of the house was reported to be as follows viz. :-Remained last week. 86 ; admitted Bince, 11 ; discharged, 16 ; died, 1; remaining, 80 ; out-patienta,'180; casualties, 67. For some days past unpleasant rumours have been afloat regarding alleged careless- ness in a surgical operation at the Alfred Hospital. The Btatoment was first publicly made (without, however, naming the instita- I lion concerned) by " .¿Eales," in the Austral asian of Saturday last, to the effect that on a post-mortem examination being held on the body of a patient-a woman-who had been operated upon for an internal tumour, a sponge and a pair of bull-dog forceps were found in the wound, which had been sewn up. This statement was brought before the committee of the institution at thoir usual woekly meeting yesterday by the chair- man Mr. Service, and inquiry having provod that tbeeo articles were found in the body of the pationt as Btated, a resolution waB passed requesting the medical committee to inquire into and report on the matter. From in- quiries we have made wo bolieve the facts of the caso are as follow :-A woman named Charlotte Conley, aged 49, was operated upon by Mr. R. Robertson, on the 22nd Sep- tember, for ovarian tumour, in the presence of other Burgoons. The case was a very bad one, and there was considered to be little or no hopo of the patient's life. During the operation, a pair of bull-dog forceps (a small instrument less than an inch long, and something like a papBr-clasp) was uBed to hold the artery. AB is usual, we are informed, some of the surgeons present were invited by the operator to feel the interior of the wound, and one of them in doing so accidentally touched the forceps with the cuff of his shirt Bleeve, the result being that the artery and the forceps immediately sprang back inwards, and were lost Bight off. AU the surgeons present were aware of the accident, hut owing to the precarious state of the patient it was considered danger one to search for the forcepB at the time, it being considered that if the woman re- covered the wound could be re-openod, and the instrument extracted. The wound waa therefore sewn np, leaving the forcepB inside. Before closing the wound, the operator osked the nurse attending whether she had the proper number of sponges. This, we are informed, is a question always asked at the end of Buch operations in which several sponges are used to absorb tho flow Of blood. The naree answered in'the affirmative, mid no idea waa entertained that anything boy on d tho forceps had been left in the wound. The patient was then removed from the operating table *o her bed, and died on the following day of exhaustion and hemorrhoge, 21 hours after the operation. A post-mortem examination of the body was held un the 23rd September, when, in ad- dition to the forceps, which was expected to be found, a sponge WOB discovered in the in. terior of the wound. The medical committee, to whom the matter has been referred for in vestigation, consist of the following:-Mr, Girdlestone (chairman), Mr. Blair, Mr, II, Robertson (the operator concerned), Mr. Bankin, and Drs. Dempster, Rockett, Haig, Malcolmson, Barrett, and Balls-Headley. The report of tho medical committee will be received at the next meeting of the ma- nagers. A public meeting of those favourable to the cause of free trade will be held at the Tem perance-bal), Russell-street, on Monday even- ing, at half-past seven o'clock. Admission will be by tickets, which can be obtained at tho offices of the League, 59 Swanston street A meeting of the committee of the Victoria Coursing Club was held at No. 1 Bank-place, yesterday. Mr. W. J. Clarke occupied the chair. Beforo the office- bearers for the en. suing season were appointed the chairman said that he had seen several of the old members of the club, and he thought thete was an inclination among them to come back into tho club if certain concessions were granted. His opinion was that a portion of the committee should reBign, or what would be perhaps better, for the whole committee to resign and elect a new one. Mr. David Jones expressed a wish to meet the would-be seceders from the club in any way. Ile thought the appointment of judge had all along been the great cause of dissen- sion. After some discussion, in which all the speakers expressed a wish to beal the differences if possible, it was decided that Messrs. D. G. Clark, D. Jones, and Dr. Fetherston should be appointed a com- mittee to meet a like number of gentlemen representing those who intended to resign, and endeavour to come to an arrangement? The meeting then adjourned until Monday next, The entrance-gates of the Melbourne conree, booths on hill and flat, and booth sites for the Victoria Racing Club Spring Meeting will be offered for sole at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday next. There are now on the hill eight permanent booths, fitted up with every internal convenience, and each having shatters, so that they can be securely fastened at night. There is a promise of an excellent day's sport on the Kensington-park course to-day. The programme is a most attractive one, for besides the Maiden Plate, Hurdle Race, and Steeplechase there is a two-year-old stake which will give an indication of the form of the various stables, and possibly throw some light on the Maribyrnong Stakes. The Visitors' Handicap will also be an interesting race. There are six events in the pro- gramme, and in aadition there is a trotting match for £100 between Jonathan and BeBSie. With fine weather the meeting should prove a most attractive one. The flower show of the Brighton Horticul- tural Society will be held to-day at the Artillery parado ground, near the North Brighton railway station. The entries are very large, all the sections being well repre- sented. We publish In another column a letter from Messrs. M'Culloch and Co. on the sub- ject of railway management at Echuca. This letter is well worthy of attention, and, in con- nexion with other communications which we bave already published in reference to the earrie subject, goes far to justify the following remarks of the Bendigo Advertiser. Says that journal :-" What with refusal of Sunday trains and refusal of trains for agricultural, shows, and the necessity of locking* people up in the trains ,for want of some two and twopence to make some alterations, the Railway department is one great inability. It isa portentous nega- tion. It cannot open lines that are finished ; it cannot finish lines that ought to be open uphill or down-hill, it always travels with the brake on. It is a fearful department ; some indiscreet nurse muet have seated it in its infancy, and it has never recovered the shock. Minister after Minister enters the portals at Spencer- street, and is swallowed up in ledgers and reports, and knocked about by the traffic department and the de- partment of construction, and the secretary's department. The secretary pitches him to the engineer in-chief, and the engineer-in chief turns him over to the traffic manager, who quickly parts with him to "he secretary. Over this department should be inscribed tbe words of Dante-' Who enters here leaves all hope behind.' It is the living tomb of Ministers of the Crown. No member of a Government can hold himself straight and march ahead in this department ; its cuttle- fish put out their tentacles in all directions and drag him down, mangle, and smother him. To every suggestion the department has but one answer, 'It won't pay.' It doesn't want things to pay ; it doesn't desire any more addition to its labours-therefore they won't pay, and never will pay until some Minister, who will refuse to be shorn of his strength by the Delilahs of the depart- ment, shall break the bonds." The fine shorthorn cattle that were exhi. bited by Mr. S. Gardiner with so much suc- cess at the late Grand National Show, at Sandhurst, will be on view to-day at Kirk's Bazaar, Bourke-street. They comprise Cherry Oxford, the champion bull of the show ; Duke of Alvie, first-prize taker in his class ; Duchess of Brunswick, and Roan Oxford. The following return shows the number of letters, packets, and newspapers received at, and despatched from, Victoria, per P. and O, Royal mail steamships, during the month of August, 1876 :-Despatched per Bangalore, 37,921 letters, 2,133 packets, 40,883 news- papers ; received per Assam, 35,770 letters, 8,344 packets, 77,571 newspapers, Total, 73,691 letters, 10,477 packages, 124,454 news- papers. JumeB Henry Moore and Mary Dwyer alias Powers, were brought up on remand at the City Police-court yesterday, charged with stealing a silver-plated cruot- stand, silver salt spoons, napkin rings, and knife rests, valued in all at about £7, from the residence of Archbishop Gould, on Eastern-hill. Cestona de Silva, butler to the archbishop, stated that at half-past 7 o'clock on the morning of the 20th inst., he missed the articles mentioned from the diningroom, and observed that tho window of that apartment was opon, although on the previous night he had closed it securely. The window ap- peared to have been oponed from the inside. William Henry Brooks, pawnbroker, Little Bourke- street, gave evidence to the effect that the stolen articles had been Bold to him for 15s. by the female prisoner, and that he followed hor immediately after the trans- action, and saw her speak in a confidential manner to a man resembling the male pri- soner. Dwyer admitted har guilt to the detectives, and said that the robbery was committed by a man named Jones, who entered the diningroom, and handed her the articles out of the window. She was com. mitted for trial, while Mooro was discharged, there being no evidence to conneot him with the robbery. On Saturday last four young men of the larrikin type were observed loitering about the shop-door of Mr. Joseph Short, draper, corner of Faraday and Drammond streets, Carlton, and immediately afterwards two coate, valued at £4, which had been exposed there for sale, were missed. The youths wero chased, and one named William Robin- son was caught in a yard off Palmerston street, where he had concealed himself, and was arreBted by the police. The coats were found in a garden in the same street. Robin- son was brought before the City Bench yesterday, and sentenced to 12 months' im- prisonment with hard labour. At the District Police Court yesterday a man named William M'Erlane was som moned by Mr. George Ronald, the inspector of markets, for exposing potatoes for Bale on the Queen's Wharf, that not Reinga market place appointed for Buch sala within the meaning of the act Mr. Stephen appeared for the prosecution. Evidence waa given showing that potatoes wera deposited on the wharf by the defendant ; and John M'Leod, Flinders-lane, Btated that he purchased at that place D5 tons of them, and paid £2 in advance, but that the defendant had subsequently broken the bargain, Mr. Call Boid the Bench had found the case proved, but as the lowest penalty they could inflict was £3, and as the defendant had not been previously convicted of the offence in question, thoy would allow the'matter to he sottlod by bia paying 9a. as market dues, and 31s. Od. coats, before one hour had expired, and if he failed to do BO in that time the fine of £3, and 31s. Gd. costa, would be inflicted, and in default of payment he would be sent to prison for one month. M'Erlono compliod with the order for market dues and coate. In the County Court yesterday, John Corbett, a cabman, sued the Omnibus Com- pany for £90 damages, alleged to have been caused by the negligence and unskilfulness of one of the company's drivers. Plaintiff's case waa that on the 9th August last an omnibus of the company was driven along Swanston-Btreet so unskilfully that ono of the horses swerved and drew the other and the omnibua with it towards the plain- tiff's cab, which was on the rank ia the middle of the street The omnibus and the cab came in contact, and plaintiff, who waa sitting in his cab, waa jerked out, and had his ankle sprained so badly that he was un- able to do anything for a month, and had continued lame up to the present time. The defence was that the collision was the resnlt of pure accident Where it oc- curred the corporation labourera had picked np the street metal to a depth of Oin or 7in,, and the driver of the omnibus had to stop on it to pick np a passenger. Oa start- ing the horses again a strong pall was neces- sary, and in making it the trace of one horso broke and accidentally caused the jerking to one Bide on the cab rank. It was stated during the hearing of the case that all the traces of the company's harness are of only one Bingle thickness of leather, after the American fashion, but it was also said that they were made of the very best leather, and were considered to be quite strong enough for omnibus work. The jury of four who heard the case returned u verdict for plaintiff, with £50 damages. A boy named George Muir, aged nine years, residing on Toorak-road, South Yarra, yes- terday accidentally cat off three nagora of his left hand in a chaffcutting-machine. The I boy was brought to the Alfred Hospital, j where the hand was dressed by the resident surgeon and the child taken home by his friends. At about 4,15 p.m. yesterday a fire broke out at Nos. 85 and 87 Flinders- street west, the Melbourne office of Mr. W. Morley, coal and produce merchant, Sandridge. The building ¡B of brick, and three stories high. The middle story was occupied by the storeman, Thomas Crawford, and his family, and Alex. Clark, groom, with his wife and two children, Mrs, Crawford and Mrs. Clark left the pro rniees at about ft quarter poet 4 p.m., took their children with them, and locked up the middle flat, everything then appearing per- fectly safe. Half-an-hour afterwards, Mr. Crawford observed that the second flat waa on fire, rushed up Blairs, and broke the doors open with an axe. He found the whole of the front portion of the flat in flames. The fire brigade from Bourke-street west was soon in attendance, and the Central Brigade followed. By their exertions the fire was confined to the story in which it broke our, but the furniture of Crawford and Clark was almost completely de- stroyed. Crawford estimates his damage at about £120, and says ho is insured for £50. .Clark's losa amounts to about £50, and is not covered by insurance. The first floor eon- " tain ed about 300 bags of chaff, which was considerably injured by the water applied in extinguishing the fire. The damage which was entailed on the other portion of the buildings waa not insured. The uppar flat waa empty, and, with the roof, remained intact. The Fitzroy and Collingwood lodges of the Independent Order of Good Templars are to hold a service at 3 o'clock to-morrow after, noon in the Fitzroy Town- hall, in aid of the Hospital Sunday Fund. The Rev. T. Master- man will conduct the service. Members of Good Templar lodges are requested to appear in their regalia. The Brunswick Borough Council held a special meeting last night, for the purpose of adopting the valuation. It was found to be an advance of £416 upon last year, the pre- I sent total valuation being £41,689. The Williamstown Council are appro henBive that their revenue will be affected if the 56th clauBO of the Harbour Trasts Bill become law, and a privato meeting waa held yesterday afternoon to consider the matter. It is thought that a lot of valuable property now rated by the local body would escapo under the 56th clause if the bill passes into law, and it waa determined to prepare a petition for preeentation to Parliament on Tuesday, protesting against tho clause. A married woman named Joanna Derven waa arrested at Footscray on Thursday night, on a charge of stealing a quantity of wearing apparel, &c;, from the Junction Hotel. She went np-stairs unobserved, ransacked some of the rooms, and made up some bundles of clothes. She waa observed aa she loft the house by Mrs. Rolfe, the landlady, who gave her into custody. She waa brought before Mr. Mitchell, J.P., yesterday, and remanded till Wednesday. Arrangements are in progress for issuing a daily weather chart, similar in character to those published in England and America. It is now some months Bince Mr. Ellery, tho Government astronomer, initiated a scheme whereby tho various colonial Governments might combine to arrange a thoronghly reli- able system of weather telegraphy. The lato serions shipping disaBtera on the coast helped to urge the matter forward, and as now only a few details have to be settled with the neighbouring colonies, it may be expected that the Bystem will vory shortly be brought into aotive operation. Observations taken at the various stations m Victoria, New South Walea, and South Australia, at 9 a.m" will be at onco telegraphed to the Mel- bourne Observatory, and from the data thus received the weather chart will be made up, and will be delivered to subscriben; about noon of each day. The compilation and publication of the chart is to be undertaken by private enterpiee. Major Heath, of Geelong, who haa devoted much attention to the Bubjoct of oyster cul- ture, intonds ebor Hy sending to England a collection of oysters for the museum of Mr. Frank Buckland, the naturalist, who has re- quested that they might be supplied to him. It comprises specimens from all the colonies, the Victorian bivalves being from the dil ferent beds at Western Port, the South Channel, and the artificial beda at Cjrio Bay. A curious discovery in connexion with thb subject was made by Major Heath on thî north shore of this boy. In clearing the mud away in a new breeding bed, considerably above high water mark, he found 4ft below the surface a bed 3ft. thick and of wide extent of fossilised oysters. These are the first which have been noted here in such a position. There is now on view at AfNeiU's picture rame factory, Elizabeth-street, a full-length oil-painting of the mayor of Melbourne, which , is to be presented to him by the Chinese merchants of the city. Mr. Smith appears in bia robes of office, and the portrait ia woll painted so far as tho figure and drapery are concerned, the colours being soft and nicely toned, but the likeness ia not striking. The picture, which is the work of Cbeah Yeng, a Chinese artist, will bo presented to the mayor j shortly. Tbe! attention of lovers of the fine arts may be called to a collection of genuine pic- j turcs by somo of the well-known water colour artiste of the day in Great Britain, which will be offered for sale at Messrs. Gemmell and Tnckett's on Tuesday next As the greater part of these works are authentic productions, they will repay in- spection. The literary excellence of Professor Hearn's well-known Government of England has re- cently met with a highly flittering recogni- tion in eminent quarters at home. Mr. Herbert Spencer, in his great work on "Descriptive Sociology," has brought together the evidence upon which he relies to explain the theory of the structure of human societies according to the law of evolution ; and in that portion of his complicated work which relates to the progressive growth of tho legal and parlia- mentary systems of the mother country, he pays Professor Hearn the high compliment of adopting his book as a leading authority. We remark, too, with pleasure, that the work of another author resident in the colony, The Early and Middle Ages of Eng land, by Mr. C. H. Pearson, has been freely drawn upon by Mr. Spencer, to portray the character of the national institutions as they existed in Britain daring the Roman and early Saxon periods. At the invitation of Messrs. Butters and Pickersgill, a number of gentlemen paid a visit to the new Victoria Club-house, in Col- lins-street, yesterday afternoon, for the pur- pose of seeing the progress which has been made towards the completion of the build- ing. It was announced when the erection of the club-house was commenced that it would probably bo ready for occupation on the 1st January next, and judging from the present stage of progress there is every reason to believe that no postponement will be necessary. The exterior of the building has been nearly completed, and the greater part of the interior, with the excep- tion of the staircases and the ornamental work. The design of the building was de- scribed in The Argus when its erection was begun, and it has been carried out in its en. tirety. The rooms are all commodious and well arranged, the dining hall especially being a fine apartment. After the visitors had thoroughly explored the building, and enjoyed the fine view which is to be gained from the top story, champagne was produced, and on the proposition of the mayor, "Suc- cess to the Victoria Club" was heartily drunk. A public meeting of the inhabitants of the Plenty district was held on Wednesday evening at Timms' Whittlesea Hotel, in order to try and secure railway communica- tion with Melbourne, by uniting with the Brunswick, Coburg, and Preston Railway League in their efforts to bring a line through those centres of population, with the view that it should be continued to Whittlesea, via the Yan Yean district. Mr. Hughes, J.P., president of the Shire of Whittlesea, who convened the meeting, was in the chair, and explained the object of the meeting. Several members of the local shire council and other prominent residents and land- owners, were also present. Mr. Geo. D. McCormick explained from a plan the pro- posed route, its advantages, and the proba- bility of its success. A numerous and in fluential deputation was appointed to wait on the Minister on a day to be named by him. Mr. Ryan, shire secretary, was requested to prepare a statement of the traffic returns for presentation to the Minister of Rail- ways. Regarding the coal deposit at Coleraine, the Albion of Wednesday says :-" Samples of the stuff found at 40ft. from the surface have been submitted to tho secretary of mines, and his report on them will be to hand in a few days. The following is the result of the analysis as received by us yes- terday in a telegram from the Mines Office : ' Sample contains 42 per cent fixed carbon, 5 per cent ash, 29 per cent volatile matter, and 23 per cent water. It is a valuable fuel.' This, it is to be remembered, is merely the surface seams, which in most instances are quite worthless. The Beam from which this was taken is about 15in. in thickness." Tbo following telegram was yesterday re ceived in Melbourne by the legal manager from the British and Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company, PortLempriere, Tasmania : "Oct. 20.-Blast put on yesterday, 12 o'clock. Have cast to-day successfully." A meeting of the City Council will be held on Monday. The business for the most part is of a routine character. ' The Public Works Committee will recommend that Messrs. M'Lean Brothers and Rigg have permission to erect iron posts to carry a telegraph wire from theirpremisesinElizabeth.street toother premises in Spencer-street The report of the eily treasurer in reference to the corporation quarries will be submitted, and also the con- ditions on which it is proposed to grant the lease of a site for Bait-water baths. The . principal item on the notice paper is the following notice of motion by Councillor Richardson :-"That as the resolution o' this council, bearing date 1st May, 187C, respecting designs for the Eastern Market have lapsed on account of there having been no competition-that in the interests of the citizens it is highly desirable that the new Eastern Market should be erected with the least possible delay; and that the acting town clerk be instructed to call for competi- tive designs, and that such competition be open to ali the architects of the colony, Bubject to conditions to be prepared by the Market Committee, and approved of by this council." The second lecture of a series now being given in aid of the funds of the Toorak Library and Reading Institute was delivered by Mr. Murray Smith, M.L.A., last night, in the hall of the institute, Jackson-street. The titlo of the lecture was "Some Mutual Friends," or the novels and novelists of the present time. The lecture bore chiefly on the light literature of the day, and after referring to tho utterly absurd views of human conduct as depicted in the fashion- able novel, and predicting that the present rage for the sensational novel would be ephemeral in popularity, the lecturer stated that there was no lack of pure and social entertainment to be derived from novel literature. At the head of tho authors of tho best class of novels he placed Dickens and Thackeray, and from the Pickwick Papers, Nicholas Nkkleby, and David Copperfield, he read a number of selections to show the varied excellences of Dickens, whom ho held to be the first of all modern writers of fiction. The readings were highly appreciated by the audience, and at their close a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. The first heat for the Irving Oars, in con- nexion with the University Club, was rowed on the Upper Yarra yeBterday afternoon. The orews were:-1. W. Hopkins (stroke), E. C. Spicer (Trinity College, bow), Frank Ford (cox.) 2. F. Shew (stroke), Alox. Bar- ker (bow), J. W. Springthorpe (cox.). Hop. liine's crew fell behind at the start, and Slew led till the last reach, whon Hopkins's crew gradually pulled ahead, and won by a length and a half. The final heat will be rowed to day, at 12 o'clock, from Brandor's Ferry to Prince's-bridRO, botweon HopkihB's crew and Cole's crew. The Southern District Band will play at the Botanic-gardonB this afternoon, from half-past 3 to half-past 5 p.m., weather per- mitting. The programme is the same as that published for last Saturday, but which was postponed on account of the weather. The bazaar at the Athenoum, which has proved such a great success this week, is to he closed to-night with a great auction sale. The hall was crowded last night, and a large trade was done by the ladieB who have worked Bollard to secure the object they have ia view. The concert which was given by Mr. St. John Caws and his pupils increased the en- joyment of thOBe who wore present. IttokesagoodmnnypeoplotofiHthebsnoheB of Wilson's Circus, and although the attend- ance Isstnight was respectable, theshowcould hardly be said to be crowded. There was a series'of mishaps. In the second heat of the Hurdle Race a horse fell at one of the fences and threw bia rider, and bat for the presence of mind of the jockey imme- diately following a eerioua accident might have happened. In the -"Ladies' Flat Race," Mrs. Wilson and Miss Ada Lee alone contested for the barren honour of carrying a flag branded "winner" aronnd the circle. The pace from the commence mont was very fast, and on the second lap Mies Lee's horse slipped whilst turning the corner, and the rider was violently thrown She was picked up, and carried to the dress- ing tent, and a little cold water restored her to her senses, the only result a sevoro shaking. After a short interval Mrs. Wilson and Miss Lee again entered the arena, and started afreBh. Again Miss Loe's horse slipped, and but for a combination of skill and luck sho would have had a second fall. The audience loudly applauded tho young lady for her pluck, no Bho was ovidontly suf- fering from the effect of her first mishap. Without wishing to bo thought prophets of evil we shall not bo at all sarprised if Borne serious accident happens through the racing at the circus. The show buslnoss is entirely subordinated to tho charlot flat, and hurdle races, and the course is much too small for these to be carried on without a strong possibility of accident. Unfor- tunately, thia appears to draw a good many people, who could every week aeo good racing without paying for the amusement; bnt the pleasurable excitement of a probable fatal disaster has apparently a strong attrac- tion, and is an unwholesome sign of the tiroes. There will be an afternoon as well as an evening performance to-day. In the afternoon the inmates of the Deaf and Dumb Asylum will be present Mr. Pillans, who has become quite a favourite among the Scottish portion of the community, took a benefit last evening at tho Theatre Royal, and brought his short engagement to a termination. There was a very good attendance, bnt not so large as might have been expected from the number of Scotchmen in Melbourne. However, those who were present enjoyed themselves heartily, as they well might do from the excellence of the programme. Mr. Pillana ap- peared in three characters, theimmortal Bailie Nicol Jarvie in "Rob Roy," Dandie Dinmont in " Guy Mannering," and Jock Howieson in "Cramond Brig." This latter is decidedly Mr. Pillans' liest character, but he waa greatly applauded throughout the evening, and was called before the curtain at tho end of each act Mr. Pillans has been re-engaged, and will appear during the racing festival. Thia evening Mrs. Scott-Siddons will make her re-appearance before a Melbourne audience as Rosalind, in Shakspeare's comedy of "As You Like It" On Tuesday she will appear as Julia in "The Hunch- back." There was a good attendance at the Opera house lost evening, when the drama of " Lisa Eccles" was repeated, and the comicalities of j Mr, Farron created great amusement The same programme will be given this even- ing. At St George's Hall last evening, the ever- green Barlow took a benefit prior to the close of his engagement There was a very good house, and he was applauded throughout The panorama of tho voyage of the Serapis is well worth seeing, and the illusions ia the ghost dramietta of Christmas Bells are well managed. This evening the same programme will be repeated, but on Monday there will be a complete change. The cabinet triok and the aerial suspension triok will be included in the evening's performance for the benefit of country members, and a new ghost piece by Garnet Walch, ontitled "A terribly strange bed, or a warning to country visitors," will be produced for the dist time. The educated lion Leo will also be ^intro- duced. An afternoon performance will bo given to-day for the benefit of juveniles and families living in the Buburba. The doors will open at 2, and the performance oom menee at 3. A dramatic and musical entertainment will be given] at the Princess's Theatre to- night by the printers of Melbourne, ia aid of the Hospital Saturday Fand. The per- formances will consist of the drama " The Village Tale," a musical interlude, and the farce " The Unfinished Gentleman." A footrace for £200 will take place on November 8, between Frank Hewitt and F. W. Davis, the English and American pedes trians. The usual weekly People's Concert will be niven thia evening at the Temperance-hall, RuBsell-Btreet A farewell soirée to the Rav. John Bagley will take place in the Richmond Presbyteriaa Church on Tuesday evening. Selections of sacred music will be rendered by the united choira of St Andrew's and Richmond. In consequence of the Youug Men's Christian Association not being able to complete the necessary arrangements there will be no service at the hippodrome on Sunday afternoon. The evening service will, however, be held as advertised. A col- lection will be made for the Hospital Sunday Fund. Wo are requested by Messrs. Smds and M'Dougall to direct attention to the great difficulty they experience in obtaining a return of the Blips they leave at various places of business, itc, to be filled up for in- sertion in their Melbourno Diroctory. Thoae who have received Blips are requested to return them, filled up, without farther delay. Mr, Thomas Asche, of Mack's Hotel, Gee- long, who is about to become host of the Union Club Hotel, Melbourne, was Iaat evening presented, at tho Victoria Hotel, with a Bilver tea service and an illuminated address, given by his friends in Geelong and the Western District as a mark of their eBteem. The presentation was made in the presence of a nnmber of gentlemen hy the mayor of Geelong WoBt. A lecture entitled "Smiles and Tears,'' will be delivered at the Atbemcum on Monday | evening. The lecturer, Mr. E. S. Carty, two years ago delivered several locturea in aid of charitablo institutions, which benefited to the extent of nearly £200 by hia efforts. He has just recovered from a serious illness, and now appeals to the public on hia own be- half. A bazaar will bo opened to-day by Mr. W. J. Clarke at the orderly-room, Howe- crescont, Emerald-hill, at 3 p.m. The proceeds are to be appropriated towards defraying the build- ing debt on St. Luke's Church and parsonage. The ladies connected with the church have for the last six monthB bean indefatigably at work in pieparing and receiving gooûB. A nnmberof influential Bporting men havo < decided to form a new coursing club under the name of "The Australian Coursing Club." A meeting will be hold at Scott's Hotel on November 3, at '1 o'clock, for the purpose of appointing a committee of management and officers for the next cours- ing season. The report of tho Immigrants' Home for the week ia as follows :-Number remaining last week, 485 ; admissions since, 181 : discharges, 189 ; deaths, 2 (from general debility, James Fitt, 70 years, native of Lou don ; from scarlet fever, Mary Band, child of an inmate) ; remaining, 253 men, 115 women, 107 children ; in all 475. There are 91 men, 24 women, and 11 children Bick ; 7 men stone breaking, 12 bag-making, 133 oakum picking ¿te, and 10 working outside ; S women in the laundry, l8 sewing, C5 hair-teasing, &c.; Out- door relief waa given to 9 familiea, or 27 indi- viduals, on presenting the relief cards of the Booiety. _ 