^CHRISTMAS TALE. AN ISLAND PEARL. BY B. L. FARJEON, Author of 'Blade-o' ?Grass,' ' Grif,' ' Jessie Trim,' &c.; [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of this journal.] CllAI'TEH IV. — M.UJEL AoREES TO BECOME A SAILOR'S Wife. It wants but six -weeks to Christmas, and the weather is cold and cheerless. I expect to have a long stay at home this time — to spend Christmas there, in fact. To-morrow- 1 am to take tea with Mabel and her mother. Mabel's mother is a widow, as mine is. Strange to say, I have never seen her, and have never entered her house. ****** The day has come and gone, and I am sitting by a -winter's fire, talking by tits and starts to my old mother about one thing and another. It all comes back to me as clear as the noonday sun. The years that have passed since then and now melt away, as 1 though they have never been. Not an hour ago I left Mabel's house, and I am gazing now at her blue eyes and fair face, which appear before me in the fire's glow. I have been talking a great deal during the night to Mabel and her mother, relating what stories of the sea within my own experience I deemed would be most interest ing to them. Mabel's mother and I have shaken hands for the first time. She is fair, like her daugh * ter, and her eyes are blue ; but not that beautiful blue which makes Mabel's so charming. Her behaviour to me has set me thinking. 'When I entered her house her cold hand greeted me in a fairly cordial manner ; but I noticed even then that, although her lips smiled, her eyes did not. When Mabel smiles her eyes light up ; there is no soul in a smile when the eye plays no part in it. Upon my leaving Mabel's house, her mother's hand lay dead in my palm, and did not return the pressure of mine. How I hate those dead, limp, cold hands ! Beware of those who have them, and use them according to their nature ! They ase devoid of nobleness, of gene rosity. I have felt one or two such hands in my life time, but never one so cold and dead as that of Mabel's mother. Her husband had been a small builder, and when he died had left barely enough for the support of herself and Mabel. .So much I learnt before I went to her house. Now, what has set my thoughts . wandering as I look into the tire ? Her cold hand which lay dead in my palm? No, not that alone. What else, then, in ?connection with that? A simple thing— a passing expression on her face, that was there but for a mo ment, and then was gone. In this way : We have had tea, and the tea-things are cleared. ' I am talking and talking, and Mabel and her mother are listening. I, full of zux theme, am maundering away on some startling experience — startling to them 1 mean — and Mabel's eyes are fixed on my face, and my eyes are fixed on here, when an unusual stillness arouses me from my dreaui. For 1 am dreaming. The magnetic influence of a presence that I love has cast a spell over me, and has made me unconscious of every thing else about me. For the matter of that, Mabel and I might be alone in the world. An un usual stillness, 1 say, and it is what I mean ; for al though before I receive this new impression the sound of my own voice is the only sound to be heard in the room, and although no person but myself has spoken for many minutes, the new silence is different from the old. There are thoughts that move like living things within you, and here are some working their spell upon me. And under their influence, my eyes wander from Mabel's face to meet her mother's. Well, I see a frown there ; that is all ; but a frown that tells a story I cannot read as yet. I am striving to spell out that story now. It was not a shadow from the fire falling on her face, and distorting the liues there, or playing on it to its disadvantage; it was a frown like a black cloud, And when I bid her good-night, her hand lies cold and dead in mine. And Mabel's good night ? It is as kind and warm as ever it was ; and she does not see that my mind is troubled, being, mayhap, uncon scious of tne cause. I come home where I am surrounded by the shells that a dead man gathered when life was strong within him. I gaze into the fire, and I see Mabel's face; .1 gaze upon the shells, and I see the tokens of a dead man's love. Ay, in these dull, inanimate shapes I see the star that illuminates the world, and beautiies it— the Star of Love. Love ! All nature sings it, and the pulse of every living creature, at one time or another of its exist ence, beats in harmony with the music of the world's -sweetest Eong. What Ls it that I have written above ? Called I the j shells inanimate shapes? — the shells that, being , associated with dear ties of memory, thrill my soul i with heart-tones which make the past live again ! I ; lift one from the warm Pacific shore; I place it to my ! ear. The confused murmur of sea voices soon be- j comes measured and harmonious ; and I hear but one , word whispered in soft lullaby tones — but one word, \ Love ! Ay, that is the spell that is upon me now ; I i feel it in every fibre of my being. And is no name J associated with it .: Alt, ? yes ! — the name of Mabel, j which to me signifies Heaven, Happiness, Salvation, \ all that is most precious and pure in this world and ?' the world to come ! I turn towards my mother, with the shell at my car. In reality she is a small shrivelled woman, in ?whom one would imagine but little sentiment could abide. I have noticed lately that as she grows older her form shrinks, and becomes more spare. But as I -gaze at her now she becomes transformea. The lines and wrinkles disappear, the flesh becomes firmer ; the eye regains its lustre, the cheek its colour ; the ; shrunken fomi fills out, and in my fancy I see her as I saw her in my childhood, before my father went to his death — a comely pretty woman. Now M'hat causes me to throw my voice in the direction of the door, and to call out suddenly and J unexpectedly — ' Yo, heave, ho !' My mother starts up with a scream, and runs to the door with a frightened look. There she stands, trembling and wliite, with eyes that see nothing that is really there, and with 'outstretched hands that seem to have tongues in them, so eloquent are they. 'Why, mother,' I say, 'what are you looking for? A ghost?' She gives me a scared look, and lets me lead her back to her chair, into which she sinks, still all of a tremble. ' It was I who gave out that * Yo, heave, ho !' mother.' ' Really you, Amos ?' ' Really me, mother.' 'Your voice was so like your father's, my son,' says she, almost in a whisper : ' and at that moment I was looking into the fire, and thinking of him' ? Presently she adds, ' I didn't know but that he might be calling to me to come to liim.' I pass my arm around her neck, and she takes my hand and holds it in hers, so that she lias a necklet of her own loving flesh and blood about her. ' Then niy voice is like my father's ?' ' Yes, my son.' ' How well I remember his 'Yo, heave, ho!' It used to make me jump for joy.' ' It was the first tiling you ever hoard from him, Amos. He was in the Indies when you were born. He came home in the early morning when we were a-bed, not expecting him. Ah, deary me ! deary me ! When I heard his voice I gave a scream as I did just now' ? Then conies a long silence, during which we both look into the fire again — I seeing Mabel, and my mother the dead, with his ' Yo, heave, ho !' ' Father was a fine man, mother/' ' Yes, my son ; you are like him.' It is the first time my attention has ever been called to my personal appearance. Well, yes. I wasn't a cripple, nor wry-faced. I had a fine brown beard in those days, and I was tall and straight limbed. ' So I am like father. I am glad of that. It was a love match, mother ?' She knows that I refer to her courting days, and she draws a deep breath : ' Yes, ray son. We loved each other true.' ' No happiness without love, mother?' ' None, my son.' Her voice is broken by the tears wliich are running down her old face. There is no happiness without love, and she had tasted it, this little pale old mother of mine, and she lived now on the memory, sucking honey out of the past. Such flowers — wlien no sting of faithlessness, no poison of suspicion is in them — are flowers that never fade. Once having bloomed, they bloom for ever, sweet and fair and beautiful. And in the midst of these thoughts comes the re membrance of a frown on a woman's face, and the cold touch of a dead hand. Vainly do I try to shake it off. '? How old were you, mother, when you first saw father ?' ' ' I was a little girl in pinafores, my son.' ' Seven or eight years, maybe ?' 'A* i . Alter lighting k Ciindir, on looking- out oi the triudow, I saiv tho shadoir of u »wn lingering about the house. fihe held up her hands to keep me off, and frith a shudder the candle fell from her hands. ' About that, my son.' ' Like Mabel?' I intend only to think this, niy questions being put so as to lead up to the point ; but the words come out without my having anything to do with it as it seems. From this moment I am conscious that my mother is watching me in a secret way. Well, what have I to conceal 'r ' Who was at Mabel's house to-night ?' she pre sently asks. ' No one but Mabel and her mother,' I answer. ' Wasn't any one else expected?' ' Not that I know of.' It occurs to me that my mother has a purpose in turning my thoughts in this new direction, and I question her concerning it. She answers me in a roundabout way. ' He is often at Mabel's house, and I thought he would be sure to be there to-night.' 'He! Who?' ' Have you not heard,' she says, with a quaver in. her voice, ' that a gentleman is keeping company with Mabel?' She keeps her face purposely turned from me, and she therefore does not see the hot blood that rises to , mine, almost blinding me. But thus much having been said, more must follow. I control myself an well as I am able, and say — ' No, I have not heard. Is it true ?' ' It is the common talk. The neighbours say they will soon be married.' So here is an end to my wandering thoughts, an answer to my uneasy musings, cutting into me like a surgeon's knife. This is the menning of that woman's coldness to me when I left the house. I can read the * story now, as she read the story of my love for Mabel when she frowned upon me. She has no mind that I shall step in the way of the richer man. ' A. gentleman, you say, mother ?' ' One with plenty of money, anyways.' ' Who is this gentleman, may I ask ?' ' You must know him, Amos. Mr. Druce.' ' What ! the money-lender ?' ' Yes, Amos.' The ugly thin inquisitive face that I have seen but once, many years ago, appears before me ; the bony fingers again make themselves felt within my palm. It seems but yesterday that they lay there. I spit upon my palm to rub off the fancied contact. He ottered to lend me money, this man, and doubtless has made more by ' turning it over' as he said. There fore my mother calls him a gentleman. ' Mr. Druce,' I ask, ' keeps his loan-onice still?' ' Yes, and is quite a rich man. All the neigh bours borrow of him. They pay him back a little at a time every week.' ' You owe him nothing, I hope ?' ' No, my son ; I manage without, though 'tis a hard pinch.' ' I make it as easy for you as I can, mother,' I say sternly. 'It would* be harder the other way. All that I ha\\-e is yours. You'll promise me never to lay yourself under an obligation to that man ?' ' I promise you, my son,' she replies in a tone made piteous by my sternness. ' Do you think,' I say, following out the direction of my thoughts, ' that Mabel's mother owes him. money?' ' It is likely, my son.' ' And has Mabel herself spoken to you about it?' ' No, my son.' ' Has she not spoken to you about Mr. Druce ?' ' She has never mentioned his name to me, Amos.' This comforts me somewhat. If a girl is about to be married, and her heart is in the match, she would surely speak of it to such a Mend as my mother was to Mabel. How do I' work out the sum, then? In this way : Mabel's mother favours the match ; Mabel herself wishes to avoid it. I follow out the current of my musings. ' Do you like Mabel's mether ?' ' I've' seen her but a few times altogether, Amos. I doubt there's no love lost between us. She is a cold woman.' ' Mabel is the same to you us ever, mother.' ' My son,' says my mother, with a touch of rough wisdom which no polishing can improve, 'an old woman and a child go together ; they fit in with one another naturally. But when the child grows into a woman herself, it is different ; other notions come into her head — notions of courting and marriage. Then.' there's room for nought else.' 'Mabel is the soul of truth,' I say. 'Mabel's heart is as good as gold.' ' Do you not believe,' I ask slowly, 'that Mabel would marry a poor man for love ?' ' Not when gold is flung before tyer eyes. Like mother, like daughter.' My mother and I have never exchanged a harsh, word, and I resolve that one shall not be uttered now. Age has its privileges as well as its innnnities, and with increasing vears the judgment becomes, warped. So I 6ay no more ; but I resolve that I will test Mabel soon. The opportunity arrives a day or twp afterwards in the early morning, and I speak to Mabel direct. Does any one ever remember the exact words that pass when he is following out a purpose such as was in my mind ? I do not, and I cannot set down what wa» said. I know that I was deeply agifcate.d, and that my first reference was to Mr. Druce. ? ' He is nothing to me,' Mabel says. ' My way, then, is clear, and I tell her that, if she had not so assured me, I should not have had the courage to speak further. And so by degrees I open my heart to her, and I show her that thp happiness of my life is in her hands. Well, well, wh.at more can I say of this interview ? What more thai} 'that, to my ineffable delight, Mabel accepts me as b,er lover, tell ing me that she has loved me from childhood, and that, although sh'e has never thought of me in the relation of a husband, she is blessed and_ contented in the prospect of becoming a- sailor's wife.' We vow to be ever faithful and true to each other, and I 'break a Ospence, each taking half. *'t devote my life to you, my darling,*' I say, as I : ~3% If1'18* Her and hold her in mv arms. ♦? Mv heart beats ; .R'JmfjeiYei and only fer you.'' ^SUmy minutes pass in suchlike lovers' talk. I think that a mother, when eke presses her fiist-bom to her breast, cannot experience a greater joy than animates me at this time. ' When I command a iship,' I sav, as -we -walk arm in-arm, towards her house, ' I will take care that my wife shall come out with me — if she cares to come.' She, says that would be a true delight to her, and says other sweet things which, as she speaks them, *re to my heart like the murmuring music of birds. We go towards her house with the intention of ac quainting her mother with what has occurred, and I fancy I see her watching us at the window as we walk up the street ; but on our arrival she is not to he' found. It es settled between us that Mabel shall br&ikthe; news to her, and I walk home. „ ,So, mother, I say,' going to her to the kitchen, Trhere she is making a meat pudding for dinner, *' Mabel weuldn't marry a poor man for love ! Of course not, when gold is 'flung before her eyes. Well, mother, how much gold have I to buy her with?' I' drew the old woman on my knee, where if my voice has not already betrayed me— but I am sure it has — she -an read the joyful tidings in my bright face and kindling eyes. ' Ah, mammy ! You didn't knew Mabel. She is, es I said she was, the soul of truth, and her heart is better than gold. She'll be a sailor's wife, as you were, mammy.31 Does my old mother's face reflect the joy that shines on mine, or is there a cloud of doubt 'on it r Doubt «sf what .- As to whether I have done right r Away with it ! I will have no doubts or shadows. There is no room for them in the sunshine of my life. 'Why, mother!' I exclaim. 'I cannot tell whether you are pleased or not at the news.' 'I hope you have acted wisely, my son,' she replies, her lips trembling slightly. I snap my ringers at the word. Wisely ! What lorer ever thought of that when he was opening lus heart to the girl of his choice r And, after all, is not love the best kind of wisdom r But I can scarcely understand mv old mother speaking in this way, and it does not satisfy me. ' You married for love, mother ; why should not Mabel do the same r Come, come ; it would hurt me much to think you begrudged me my happiness.' ' Oh, Amos !' she cries. ' With all my heart and soul I wish you to.be happy.' ' Well, then,' I reply, 'repeating words that have been used before, 'there is no happiness without love, and Mabel and I love each other true, as you and my father did. Don't tell me you doubt Mabel any longer. You may have had reason for it before, because of people's' foolish tongues ; but now that she has proved herself better than gold, you have no right to suspect her. She'll be a loving daughter to you, and you must be to her as good a mother as you have been to me. There ! there !' For the geod old soul has suddenly thrown her arms around my neck, and begs my forgiveness if she has hurt me in any way. She believes, she says, that Mabel is exactly as I nave painted her, and she sobs out blessings upon both of us. So the little cloud Wows ov*r. But shadows come from Mabel's mother. With, a full-blooded face, she says, ' You can never mean it, Mr. Beecroft.' 'I can, and do,' I answer readilv ; 'and so does ?label.' 'Mabel is eighteen years of age,' she says ; 'and your' ' And I f — well, I am over forty.' I hang my head ruefully. 8he peers at me with malicious iuquisitiveness. 'Hnve you told her that:' ' No ; it didn't come into my head to do so.' ' Of course it didn't. And that is the way you take advantage of a child— you, a full-grown man, with a beard as '11 soon be white ; knowing, too, that 6ue was as good as married to a man as '11 be able to support her, and make a lady of her.' ' No man can do that ; she is one already.' 'Thank me for that,' she says, with a toss of her &sad.; ' I do heartily. As for the man, name him.' *' I shall do nothing of the sort.' ' I will, then. Mr. Druce.' 'A better man than you any day.' 'That maybe. Bull know he's not the man to mtke Mabel happy.' *' He'll make * her both happy and rich,' she retorts. ' And you .step in with your smooth tongue, and«J5poil her life.' ???? God forbid !' I say, with twinges of compunction and rue and jealousy. ' I'll not stand in the way of terhappiness. Call her in, and if she says now she prefers another, I'll bid her good-bye, as is a man's duty.' j She darts from the room, and brings in Mabel, and men there is a scene. The mother -wants to have all die talk to herself, and I am too much cast down to slop her ; but Mabel does. ' Auios,' she says, ' is it true that you do not love nier' I know by that question that her mother has been_ forking against me secretly. But, out of regard for* Mabel's pence of mind at home, I repress the hot words that are rushing to my tongue. I answer sim ply that I love her devotedly, and that I would pour out my heart's blood in her service. I make no reference to the wicked toijgue that has maligned me when my back was turned. Then Mabel tells her juother— before my face, bless her ! she tells her — that there's no man in the world she loves like me, and that she has given her word, and means to abide l-y it. Her mother's face grows white and sly, and «he does not reply to Mabel's outburst. So her Jveath not being employed to fan the fire, it cools down, and that storm is over. Well, I am a little disturbed at the difference of our a.ges, which I never thought of before Mabel's mother spoke of it. Truly I am old enough to be her father, though as for my liair getting white, that's a fable — there isn't a gray hair in my head. Still, the twenty and odd years be tween mo and her are like twenty and odd little imp 6 mocking and pricking .me. IIow I should like to poison some of them, and bury them out of all know Meeting Mir Druce at this point of my musings, he looks at mfcls though he would be glad'of the oppor tunity of killing not only my twenty and odd years, but all my other years as well. I am too happy to return his scowA, and he makes an angry morion and passes on. I resume thp current of my thoughts, which the appearance of Mj. Druce interrupted, and I resolve to fling from me with a resolute will all disturbing fancies as to the difference of our ages. It does not appear to disturb Mabel in any way. She laughed at me when I referred to it. Why, then, should I torment myself about it r The weeks roll along happily. Mabel's mother has changed her manner to wards me ; asks me number less questions ; draws out of me nearly all that I know of the dangers fcnd perils of the sea — of the sea, that I love Hext to IJabeL If it were possible for Itabel to accompany me on my -ravages. I would ask lor nothing more in this world. That, of course, as things arc, is impossible ; but I look forward to the fame when it can be done. Mabel's mother is espe cially anxious to know when I am going away. 'The sooner you are gone,' she savs with* a smile, 'the sooner you will be back, you know.' Directly I sign articles, I 'tell her. A mark of satisfaction comes on her thin, fair face, and there is a gleam even in her colourless eves. I am to sail the first week in January. Chaiteu V. — In Faith Ihuhng, I'll still jie Tuve. It wanted but a week to Christmas, and in another week from that time I should be bidding my Mabel farewell. It was my lot now to experience the pain that lives in joy. Hitherto I had left home for my duties with a light and willing spirit ; now my heart was charged with, sadness at the thought of leaving my darling girl. I cannot tell you how I loved her— I cannot tell you what she was to me. She was more than my life — she was my soul. In all the world there was but one star for me — Mabel ; through the light of htr love the fair earth became fairer, and the gloomiest dav was filled with sunshine. tt happened at this time that Mabel's mother was summoned suddenly from her home. An only sister, who lived a hundred miles away, was dying, and called her to her bedside. The summons was so sud den that I did not see her before she left. Going in the morning to Mabel's house, I found her alone, and she told me how her mother had been compelled to go almost at a moment's notice. ' Did she leave a message for me :' I asked. 'No,' replied Mabel. 'She was so hurried and agitated ? ' She scarcely knew how to finish the sentence, so I placed my fingers on her lips to save her from awkwardness. She felt more deeply than I any lack of affection in her mother towards me. Well, I owed her no grudge for not bestowing a kind thought upon me, and certainly no grudge that she had left. It in sured a happier time for Mabel and me. I ventured a shrewd guess. ' I suppose she wanted you to go with her, Mabel.' ' Yes, but I said I could not leave you, especially as it was uncertain when we should return.' I knew instinctively that there must have been a scene between the mother and daughter, but I was not the man to question Mabel concerning it. I would not inflict that pain upon my girl. Now, how it came into my mind, or what put it there, it is beyond me to say ; but as Christmas drew near I got it fixed in me that Mabel and I ought to get married before I went to sea again. The more I thought of it the more fixed became the idea, and the stronger my wish. I was fearful of broaching the snbject to Mabel, not knowing how she would receive it in the absence of her mother ; but an incident which occurred three days after her mother's departure gave me the opportunity and the courage. I had gone to the Docks to see after my ship, ex pecting to be away until night, when I was to W *t Mabel at our little cottage of shells. I returned, ho ». ?* ever, three or four hours sooner than I anticipated, and I went at once to Mabel's house. I heard voices within — one the music of which I knew full well ; the other I scarcely recognized. I opened the door, and, entering, saw Mr. Druce. He was standing be fore Mabel, and had just finished a passionate speech, judging from his position ; for as I appeared he laid liis hand in no light way upon her, and she was striv ing to/wrest herself from his grasp. To see was to act ; my blood was boiling furiously. I seized him by the neck, and the next moment we were outside the house, whither I had dragged him, without any effort on my part, and without resistance on his. He was really as a feather in my hands. Be ing outside, with my hand still grasping him firmly, I twisted his face by force to mine, and looked into his eyes. ' Y'ou miserable coward ! ' I said. ' That is the way you treat defenceless women, is it r ' And -with my open hand I struck him on his smooth face ; then flung him away. He said nothing— not a word But the glance he gave me was like the sudden darting forth of a ser pent's fang — without the active poison. ' Put up your hands,' I cried ; ' I am going to thrash you, or you me!' He put up his hands, and aimed a feeble blow at me. I hit him but once, and he fell to the ground, with the colour of blood now on his frightened face. I had not struck lightly. He wiped the blood away as he rose. I scorned to strike again. Then he spoke. ' Amos Beecroft,' he said, ' you shall live to learn that this is the -worst day's work you have ever done.' ' Worst or best,'* I replied, ' you have received a lesson I advise you never to forget. Indeed, I think you are not likely to, for I am in hopes I hare marked you for life.' His lip was cut, and the scar, I judged, would not be soon effaced. ' By what right,' he asked slowly, ' do you step between me and Mabel r ' ' By the best of all rights. That young lady is to be my' wife.' ' You are a liar ! ' he cried furiously. Mabel was standing at the door trembling in every limb, and I went to her side, and passed my arm around her waist. He stood before us in silence for full ten seconds, then, -with a wicked look, slunk away. ' I'll not risk your being insulted again by that fccoundrel,' I said to Mabel. ' While your mother is absent you must sleep at our house. It will be safer for you.' But her woman's sense saw in this proposal what had not occurred to me. ' I' can't do that, Amos, until — until — ' Until what, my darling r' Bright blushes drove the lilies from her' cheek. Then I guessed what was in her mind. ' Come with me,' I said ; ' I have something to say to you before my mother.' She locked the street door, and accompanied me. ' Mother,' I said, ' it isn't safe for Mabel to sleep in her own place alone ; she has come to stop with you.'' My mother nodded. ' I shall sleep there instead of her,' I continued, ' and Mabel will take my room here for a day or two.' 'And then, Amosr' said my mother, guessing that I had something more to say. 'And then, mother,' I rejoined, 'Mabel and I will get married. There is no occasion for any one to know but ourselves. On the dar before Christmas we will go to the registrar's, and this Christmas shall be the happiest we three have ever spent.' I think girls admire boldness in their lovers. Women like to rule, they say ; it is a mistake ; they like to be ruled for the 'most part. Only give them their own way the slightest bit in the world and they are satisfied — having a knack of magnifying things. I saw in Mabel's joyful blushing face assent to my daring. It took my mother's breath away for a moment, however. 'But, Amos,' she remonstrated, 'what will her mother say r' 1 ' I am going to many Mabel, not her mother. The thought of leaving Mabel in an uncertain position has disturbed me all along. I want to make her my wife before I go to sea — I -want to make sure of you, my darling ! — and a6 we are the principal parties in the matter, we've settled it between our selves. So, my dear old mother, give us both a kiss, and welcome my wife, whose heart is better than all the gold the earth contains.' Needless to say that the old woman was won over, and promised to keep our secret. No one was to know anything of it but ourselves, and it was left to me to make the arrangements. Perhaps it is as well for me to mention that I had risen to the position of first mate, and that I had been promised a command at no distant date ; therefore my getting married was not a very unwise or unreasonable proceeding. It was not till late that I parted from Mabel, and I went straight to her house with the key which she had given me. The night was dark, and as I put the key into the door, I heard a soft step behind me. I turned mv head, and dark as it was I recognized Mr. Druce. He stopped within a step or two of me, and then approached close to my side. ' What are you doing there ?' he asked. He had evidently not recognized me. 'What are you doing,' I retorted, 'prowling about this house at this time of night ? Remember the lesson I gave you this morning, and don't pro voke me to give you another.' ' Oh, it's you, Amos Beecroft !' he cried ; and was proceeding with his talk when I shut the door in his face. I was in no mood to parley with him, and for Mabel's sake deemed it best to avoid violence. I lit the candle, and sat down and smoked my pipe, thinking of Mabel and the future. Fully an hour passed in this way. Before I went to bed, I threw open the window of the bedroom, and stood with the light of the candle shining upon me. It was a back room, and looked out, as our own cottage did, on a little bit of garden. I saw the shadow of a man lin gering about, and with wrathful thoughts of Mr. Druce I ran out of the house, with the intention of thrashing him if my surmise were correct. But when I was in the open, I saw neither man nor shadow of man, and I returned to the house, and slept. No sus picion of the probable consequences of this incident entered my mind. If it had ? . But how can I, of all men in the world, speculate upon consequences ? — I whose destiny seems to have been fixed and deter mined by fate. #? * # * * * On the day before Christmas Mabel and I were married, and as I placed the ring on her finger I felt that my happiness was complete. That same Christmas Eve she, my mother, and I were in Greenwich, where I had engaged rooms. The Christmas bells rang out auguries of a happy future, and I set words to them — words which formed the sweetest melody that ever fell on a man's soul. Mabel looked inexpressibly fair and beautiful, and in the light of our happiness my old mother appeared to grow young again. Never was a man so blessed as I. 'God bless this day!' I said, as we three sat together, I with an arm round each.. '?? God bless this day for ever and ever !' -A ?? v... We sat in the dusk, talking of the'-3j»gjj∧ the future ; and during a lull my mother sang a few lines of ' Yb, heave, ho !' my father's favourite song, and broke, down in the middle, overcome by remembrance of the past. A few moments after wards Mabel, with a tender nestling towards me, sang in a low sweet voice a song I had never heard before. One verse especially pleased me, and she sang it again at my desire, as I wished to fix. the words in my mind* : ' Though friends be chiding, And waves dividing, In faith abiding I'll still be true. Til pray for thee, love, On the stormy ocean, In deep devotion — That's what I'll do.' A long, long silence followed, and when we awoke from the dream into which we had fallen we spoke again, almost in whispers, of the bright promise which life held out for us. ' I shall have more than one talisman with me,' said Mabel, ' when you are gone.' ' More' than one, my darling ! How many, then r' 'Three,' she replied. 'Hope, faith, and love.' 'Faith and love are the best of these,' said I. ' Faith in each other, love for each other. Mabel, if E lost faith in you, I believe that love would go for sver out of my life.' She became grave at this. ' Do you think,' she presently asked, ' that 3rou could ever grow to doubt me r' ' You might as well ask me,' I replied, ' if I think the sun will not rise to-morrow. No, Mabel, it is impossible that I should ever doubt you — the mere suggestion would make me unhappy, did I not know you are all that is good and pure and constant.' . My answer did not appear to satisfy her. ' Suppose,' she continued, with a woman's persis tence, 'that circumstances should arise in j-our absence ? remember, the harder task of faith is rours ? ' ' Why :' I inquired, interrupting her. ' I should never doubt,' she answered, with a tender smile. ' Knowing you from the time I was a ihild, and you being always my best and dearest friend, my love for you and faith in you have become i part of my life. So it becomes natural to me. SVhen you first saw me you were a man ? ' ' Y'es,' I said, again interrupting her ; ' but a man who had never loved any woman but my mother. Well, go on.'* 'Suppose, then,' she repeated, 'that circum stances should arise in your absence that might cause people to speak of me, through no fault of mine, as they did of me and that man' — (I knew that she referred to Mr. Druce, and that, holding him in abhorrence, she shrank from uttering his name) — ?would a suspicion of doubt of s»vlove and faith sver enter your mind: That is what I want to know.' ' And when you know it, will you rest satisfied,' [ asked, with a light heart, and in a light tone, '? and never think again of such an impossibility :' ' Y'es, Amos.' ' Well, then, I will first show you that I can be as 3bstinate as yourself. Do you know of any such circumstance likely to arise r' ' ' No ; I know of none.' ' Then take my answer, my dearest. Nothing could ever shake my faith in you — nothing could ever weaken my love for you. If any necessity realiy existed that these words should be spoken, I am glad that they are spoken at Christmas. Henceforth this good season holds a more sacred place in my heart, because it has brought me the priceless blessing of your love ; because, also, of the lesson it has taught me — the lesson of faith, to live for ever undimmed in my soul.' She held me round the neck, and, kissing me tear fully, whispered that she would never, never forget the words I had spoken. And so that happy Christmas flew away all too swiftly, and the day arrived when my duties called me from my darling's side. I will not dwell upon jut parting. The grief I suffered is too deep for words. But hope was before me — hope that perhaps '. ton mv next voyage I should be in a position to claim* my wife, and take her with me in my ship as the captain's lady.' Chapter VI. — Mv Mothee Believes She. Sees a Ghost. Trulv, man proposes, and God disposes*. I an ticipated that I should be absent for not longer than twelvefmonths, and it was three years before I stepped upon my native hind again. Briefly, this is the reason why. We were bound for China, and while we lay there unloading, the agents of the vessel accepted a profitable charter for Australia. The gold-fields had just been discovered in that part of the world, and the chance was not to be missed. I fretted at the delay, but duty was before me, and that stood first. So we set sail for the Australian coast. Our voyage was a disastrous one. When, within two days' sail of our destination, our ship, . The Blue Jacket, was overtaken by a violent storm,, which so disabled her that we had to take to our boats. It happened strangely enough that another vessel, also named The Blue Jacket, was caught in this storm, and went down with all hands. We were more fortunate. Only one man was lost — our skipper— so that the command, devolved upon me. We were picked up and taken, into Melbourne, and there I reported myself. My great anxiety now was to get home as soon as. possible, but a temptation was thrown in my way which I could not resist. I was offered the command of a vessel, belonging to the owners of The Blue Jacket ; this vessel was to trade first to China, and there take in cargo for London. To successfully accomplish this to the satisfaction of my owners - would be as good as the making of me. No more partings from Mabel, then, thought I, as I joyfully — though with a natural rue at the delay — accepted the ? offer. I wrote home to Mabel the double good newe of my escape from shipwreck and my promotion. You will understand that during all this time I had no opportunity of receiving a line from her ; such are the exigences of a sailor's life. I was kept in Mel bourne longer than pleased me, and it was quite three months before I stepped on to my ship's deck with my clearing papers. The gold fever was raging so violently in those days that it was no easy task to get a crew together for a humdrum country like Great Britain. However, we managed to muster a lot of scarecrows who knew little enough of the sea or a sailor's duties, and after an unreasonably long voyage — in consequence of my being compelled to be more than ordinarily careful because of the incom petency of my crew — we arrived safely at our first destination, and there took in* cargo for dear old England. I looked upon it as the happiest of happy omens that I arrived home at Christmas-tide. I had been absent exactly three years. ***** With a joy stirring in my heart which I have not ? the power to express, I set out from the Docks for the dear little cottage of shells in Brixton. It was even ing before I could get free, and the night was dark. But not lonely. Flowers seemed to rise in the snow as I walked, seemed to grow in the air as I stepped onwards. Cold ? Not a bit of it. Everything was Mrarm and beautiful and bright, as it should be at Christmas. All my anxieties and troubles were now at an end. How grateful I was that, by God's mercy, I was spared, and enabled to spend another Christmas ashore with my darling wife and my dear old mother ! I recalled the memory of the last happy Christmas I - had sjjent in theif dear society, and of the lesson o£ love and faith I then learnt. And there came upon me in fuller force a dim sweet hope I had nursed and cherished through all my wanderings — a hope which I hardly dared to shape into words— that when I reached home I should see in Mabel's arms a child who would call me father. How I had dwelt upon that hope ! How I had cherished it ! What resolu tions I had formed to bring up my child in a worthy way, and to make him proud of me, as I was of Bee croft, Mariner, my father ! I pictured him in my imagination dressed as I used to be in tiny sailor clothes — (I knew full well they would dress him in no other fashion, out of love for me) — and I saw myself carrying him in my arms through the Brix ton streets, and showing him with pride to the people as the grandson of the best and bravest sailor that ever answered to the call of duty. My heart sang within me, and either my cheeriness, or my brisk step, or the brightness of my face, or all of them together mayhap, caused me to receive many a plea sant look from the passers- by — looks, be sure, which I returned with interest. Home ! dear, sweet Home ! You who always enjoy it, who are never away from, it, who turn to it daily as your ark of refuge, can. scarcely realize the joyful feeling that fills the sailor's heart as, after mouths and years of absence, and after passing through such peril as had fallen to my lot, he approaches the spot which contains all that is. dear to him in the world. The close dingy streets were like glimpses of heaven to me, and stars of love lighted me on my way. There were no lights in the Brixton lanes, but I could have found my way if I had been blind. Many a time on the wild seas, when the wind was howling around me, and not a star could be seen in the dark, skies, had I in my fancy threaded my way through these paths, and seen the cottage of Beecroft, Mariner, shining out of the gloom, with my wife and mother waiting at the door to welcome me ; and now, as I turned the lane in which our cottage was situated, a. dull feeling of pain crept into my heart because I did not hear the pattering of the feet nor see the faces of those so fondly loved. ^ Only for a moment did this, unreasonable feeling have play j I shook it off reso lutely. How could they know,, how could they tell, the hour and the minute I should ap* pear among them; I Called myself aloud a great simpleton, and laughed, and stepped on softly, enjoying in anticipation the happiness which in a few moments Mould be mine. Thought I, ' There'll be a light in the cottage window, and Mabel and mother will be sitting together, Mabel with our child on her knee' — (I had set my heart en it, you see) — ' prattling to him perhaps of the lather* his young eyes had never yet beheld'; or perhaps the child will be asleep, and Mabel will be kneeling by his side, holding a shell to his ear, so that the murmuring voices of the sea might perchance mingle themselves in his dreams ; and then, at the sound of my voice, there -will be cries of joy, and happy feet running to the door, and loving arms round my neck, and baby's great eyes staring at ine, wondering what it is all about :' ? All these fond fancies were mine as I walked slowly onwards. I reached the cottage, and not seeing a light in the window, I thought that Mabel and my mother might be in the kitchen at the back of the house. I crept thither stealthily, wishing to have a peep at them be fore they saw me ; but no light was there to guide me, and a kind of dismay overtook me when I found that the whole house was in darkness. I soon pulled my self together. 'You clumsy, thick-headed lubberj' murmured I, ' not to know that it's too late for them to be up. They are abed, dreaming of you, and little ? enough you deserve it !' It was, indeed, I reckoned, quite 10 o'clock by this time, and I knew that my mother was an early body, and was seldom out of bed at that hour of the night. So putting my hand to mjr mouth, I cried lustily, ' Yo, heave, ho !' [ listened and waited, 'but it was clear jjhey hs& _not_. he&rd; . me. ' Yo, heave, hol'j I 'cried again louder than before, and again I yrpxbei end listened, and again heard no sound in j '*'???? -r« response. 'Too fast asleep,' thought I, and Ij s- * '. ? ''tried, the 6treet-door. To my surprise, it yielded to j ^fcS-'+^fcyliaiid. I entered the room, and knew, though all ft^^^ypgs dark around me, that everything was as I had J ? ¥'- ^feifc It three years before. I could just distinguish * 'i'vi^ie indistinct outlines of the old familiar shapes. I ?'' ?£ Vj&t; my bundle on the floor under the little round 'Stable in the centre of the room, and feeling my way ' to the stairs, I crept up them to the bedroom above. I paused at the door. ** Mother !' I cried; and then, «' Mabel!' No answer coming, I went softly into j the loom, and passed my hand over the bed. It was empty. 'Well,' said I, after a little while, 'they are out junketing, those two, not expecting me home at such ail hour; mayhap they are spending the evening with a neighbour.' I considered whether I should go in search of them, or whpther I should rest ataome, and astonish them upon their return. But if I went, I should not know where to look for them, .-and it would be sheer folly to wander about without knowing where one was going to. Besides, they anight return in my absence. So, without more ado, I descended the stairs to the little parlour below, and there Bat down in a chair, determined to wait till my mother and Mabel came home. Until I had quite made up my mind I did not know how tired I was. I had worked very hard during the last few days, and it -was excitement only that had kept me awake, Directly I sat down, and rested my head upon my hand, I was overpowered by drowsiness, and in a short time I was fast asleep. It was still dark when I awoke. 'What aroused me was the sound of the door-latch being lifted. Im mediately that sound fell on my ears I was in full possession of my senses. ' There they are,' thought I, ?with throbs of joy, but with some feeling of fear also ; for it suddenly occurred to me that my appearance there might frighten them. While this thought was disturbing me, I listened for the familiar voices. I heard none, and but one person entered the room — my mother, whose step I recognized. 'Where was Mabel, then? 'Why, lingering behind, saying good night to a neighbour, perhaps, or shutting the garden gate ! In my excitement I rose, and stood in an atti tude of expectation. I heard a heavy sigh from niy mother, and the next moment a match was struck, and I s£w her, with her back towards me, lighting a candle. The street-door was closed, and we were alone. The silence, the drooping figure of my mother, who had aged much during my absence — I could see the signs, although her face was hidden from me — and the circumstance of my darling wife not being home to welcome me, changed my joy to sadness. Still, thinking to cheer my old mother, and for the purpose of dispelling myown foolish fears, I strove to utter the dear old ' Yo, heave, ho ! ' but ??the familiar greeting died away 'on my lips, and it was 'but the ghost of a sound that proceeded from me. WTiat followed during the next few moments filled ;my heart with unspeakable terror. I saw by my mother's attitude that she had heard my ghostly ?*' Yo, heave, ho ! ' and for an instant she stood mute and still, as though petrified by fear. Then she turned slowly and fearsoniely towards me. I caught but a glimpse of her white haggard lace— ah, how wan and thin it had grown!— she taught but a glimpse of mine. The moment her eyes fell upon me she gave a frightened 6erearn, and held up her hands to keep me off ; and, as I moved towards her, a wild shudder passed through her form, the candle fell from her hands, and we were again in dark ness. *' Why, mother !' I said in a soothing tone, kneel ing by her side, ' is this the welcome you give me on my return ? — and on Christmas night, too !' I strove to raise her in my arms, but she shrank slvudderingly from me. -'Good God!' I cried. 'What is the meaning of this ? 'Where is ray wife — where is Mabel ? Do you not know me r I am Amos, your son.' The name brought a glimmer of light to her mind. 'Amos!' sheanoaned. 'No, no! It- is the ?dead that is speaking to me. I have no son ! he was Stilled, as his father was, by the cruel sea. Lord, have pity on me ! Lord, have pity on me !' , lulled, as my father was, by the cruel sea ! \3Khat had occurred, then, during my absence? Gould it be possible that the news of our rescue in the hpats had failed to reach home? No, it was impossible. There were my letters to Mabel, relating all the cir .cmiistances of our peril and our escape, bearing for my old mother's reason, I searched about for the matches for the purpose of lighting the candle that 6ke might see me bodjly, and so assure herself. But I could not find them, and what passed between us took place in tfc*r- dark, neither seeing the other's ?.face. .? ..»?«?*'? ' . '-)?-- I knelt again by her side. 'You foolish old soul!' I said, in a tender arixF coaxing tone, 'do -you know what you are saying? Nay, I'll not touch you if my touch hurts you! Steady yourself, mother ; I am neither dead nor . drowned', or how could I he here talking to you ?' She could not have understood me. ' My Amos !' she eobbed. ' My boy, that I loved and worshipped ! The best, the bravest sailor on all th.e Queen's seas. My old eyes will never again be blessed with a sight of him — never again, never ; again !' 