SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Referring to the explorations of Mr. Ernest Giles, tho South Australian Register says:- " We understand that a telegram has been re- ceived from Mr. Thomas Burgess, dated Geraldton, Western Australia, 22nd April, stating that he had parted with Mr. Giles near Mount Murchison on 10th April. At that time all the party were well. Mr. Giles has now fairly commenced his return journey, and it will be interesting to our readers to know that it is his intention to adopt a new and indepen- dent route. By striking out a fresh track, he expects to be able to make an examination of tho Alfred and Marie Ranges. From what Mr. Giles saw in a former expedition in April, 1874, he thinks it is highly probable that he may find good pastoral, country in that neighbourhood. We understand that the explorer is accompanied by four of his former associates, and that he has nineteen camels. Tho whole party are fully equipped and supplied with provisions for eight months. It is anticipated that they will reach Beltana in August or September. Mr. Giles's recent successful journey across to Western 'Australia was in many respects unequalled by anything that had been previously accomplished. For the rapidity and safety with which he was enabled to accomplish tho journey he was of course largely indebted to the camels. Had he been dependent solely upon horses, it is pro- bable that the journey would never have been completed. As our readers will remember, Mr. | Giles met with a most enthusiastic reception on his arrival in Western Australia, and we are sure that an equally cordial greeting will await him ,on his return to this colony. The arrival of the party will be looked for with consider- able eagerness, and we shall bo glad to find that the expectations cherished havo been fully realised." As mentioned in our telegraphic columns the other day, a case of a very unusual nature was heard at the Woodside Local Court, South Australia, on Wednesday, 3rd May. Frederick Wilhelm Kleinschmidt and Johann Ernest Pfeiffer, trustees of Zum Weinberge Christi Church, Lobethal, were charged, on the infor- mation of Wilhelm Schubert, another trustee, with "misusing, disturbing, and molesting" Lebrecht Friedrich Ehregott Krause, pastor of the church, while conducting the service on Sunday evening, 2nd April. The evidence showed that the defendants prevented the pastor from entering the pulpit. As reported in the S. A. Advertiser, the informant, Schubert, stated that he was a trustee of the Zum Wein- berge Christi Church, and also a member of the congregation meeting at the church, and Mr. Krause had been their pastor for four years and a half. He attended the church in the after- noon of Sunday, 23rd April, and heard the pastor notify that he would preach that evening in the church. He went there in the evening, and when he reached the church the service had not commenced. The pastor opened the service by saying-" In the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost," and reading two lines of a hymn. While those were being sung, the pastor stood by the altar in front of the pulpit. When the hymn was nearly over he endeavoured to ascend the pulpit. Kleinschmidt exclaimed " Now, Pfeiffer, look out." Pfeiffer then " caught hold of the minister by the arm," and Kleinschmidt " caught hold " of him also, and said-" You have to sit down here." An awful row followod. It could not have been worse if it was in a public-house. His (witness's) son and a person named Knoske rescued the pastor, who then went to the altar and preached. There was a large congregation, and the disturbance took place in their presence. Cross-examined: When the pastor went up to the altar I did not hear him say, " Mr. Woltke, what are you doing here, you wicked man ?" I did not hear him say to the defendant Kleinschmidt, " You are under the ban ; you are under the ban." After the pastor had given out two lines of the hymn, and the singing had commenced, the other party up in the gallery commenced singing another hymn, and played the organ. They sung the hymn through. The pastor remained at the altar after the defendant prevented him from going into the pulpit. Lebrecht Friedrich Ehregott Krause said he was the pastor of Zum Weinberge Christi Church. He was appointed as pastor about four years and a half ago by the congregation. He remembered the 23rd of April last. He held a service on the afternoon of that day in the church, and said he would do so in the evening, at seven o'clock. He attended in the evening. The bell was ringing when he left his house, but it ceased before he reached the church. He was not far from the church when the ringing of the bell ceased. The church door was open. He did not see any one open it. All the people had not gone in when he got there. He went with two trustees, Schubert and Thomas. When he went up to the altar he was astonished to see Woltke sitting in his place. The congregation was not engaged in worship when he went in. The mode of commencing the service was not the same in all congregations. He commenced it in all ways. His intention on that night was to preach from the pulpit, and when the singing ended he took his books and went to the corner of the altar. The steps of the pulpit were occupied by a number of people. Pfeiffer and Kleinschmidt were there. Seeing the number of persons on the steps, he gave up his intention to go into the pulpit. When he went towards the pulpit the two defendants took hold of him. Pfeiffer took hold of his left arm and pulled him forward, and the other defen- dant took him by the right-hand side. Both defendants said, "This way; this way." Was defenceless, as his hands were full. Two persons came to his assistance. He had a conversation with Kleinschmidt before this, when he (Klein- schmidt) called him a tyrant. He told Klein- schmidt that he would put him into the ban, but that was in reply to something that Klein- schmidt said to him. He told Woltko that he was not in his place, and that he was guilty of a wickedness to intrude in that place. Told him to recollect that he would have to die sometime, and that then he would suffer for it. Cross examined : I did not say to him " What have you to do here, you wicked man" Did not say "I am in my proper place by the authority of the congregation, and will do my duty. " I did say, " I am the pastor of the congregation, and in your illness I prayed with you." I did not say "I give you into the hands of Satan," or " the Holy Ghost is truly not speaking through you ; you may say as much as you like, I will give you no answer, " The court then adjourned for a short time, and the parties conferred. The counsel intimated that an arrangement had been arrived at, by which the pastor was to abandon all attempts to continue his pastorate in the church, and he was to have rent free for his life the use of the house and premises occu- pied by him, and also a piece of land adjoining for a vegetable garden. The charge was with- drawn. 