SPIRITUAL WIVES. ? [New York Times.] The depressed state of the manufacturing business is again illustrated by the closing of what was generally supposed to be a large and flourishing manufactory. The establishment of the Eddy Brothers, at Chittenden, Vermont, which for more than a year past has been running seven days in a week, and turning out ghosts of every variety, in lots to suit customers, has suspended. The proprietors have already left Vermont, and are now on their way to Salt Lake City, where they promise; to resume business at an early day. Their promise, however, is not generally believed, although they are understood to have packed a large number of sample ghosts in waterproof boxes, and forwarded them to Utah by a fast freight line. The general explanation of their conduct is that their business has of late proved unprofitable, and that they intend to abandon it altogether. Certainly, Salt Lake City presents no advantages for a manufacturing business which the Eddy's could not command at Chittenden, while, on the other hand, Brigham Young claims a monopoly of communication with the spirit world, and would hardly welcome the arrival of an opposition firm. There is, however, one explanation of the conduct of the Eddy Brothers which is not altogether incredible, and which, hence deserves mention. Until recently, Brigham Young has devoted his life to the work of setting an example of polygamy to his devout followers. Of course he has suffered, but he has borne his sufferings in silence. As one by one his locks of hair departed he has gone through the empty form of buying bottles of hair restorative, and has never once mentioned the domestic arguments which were the real source of his sudden, and repeated baldness. When the avenging broom-stick smote him on the head, he simply sought the consolations of arnica, and piotiBly told his apostles that the contusions on his scalp were boils. A less determined martyr would not have been scalded for merely remarking that he was unable to buy twenty-seven Indian shawls all at once, without resolving to have an immediate revolution forbidding polygamy ; but Mr. Young has always accepted hot water as part of his inevitable lot as the standard-bearer of polygamy, and has magnanimously told his attending physician that he was scalded by the cat. But, within a recent period, the Gentile courts have taken the liberty of dragging the prophet's domestic difficulties to light, and it is now useless for him to pretend that polygamy is a pleasure. In fact he has virtually admitted that his domestic life has been previous and expensive, and although he does not deem it honourable to make any revolution on the subject, which would put such of his followers as have adopted polygamy at his recommendation to any inconvenience, there is no doubt that he would be glad to get rid of his wives, could he do so with credit to himself, and without infringing the law of his church. In this frame of mind, he may have suddenly remembered the Eddys' patent ghosts, and asked himself whether he could not practice polygamy cheaply and safely by substituting carefully materialised spirits for his present stock of wives, The ghosts turned out at the Ohitton den factory are, as is well known, manufactured in any style that may be desired. It is open to Mr. Young to order a set of wives in ready-made spiritual clothing, and without broomsticks, hot- water kettles, or any other safety weapons. Their first cost would undoubtedly be a little more than that of an ordinary earthly wife, but they would cost absolutely nothing for food and clothing. Mr. Young could doubtless buy an entire gross of assorted wives for the sum which he now annually expenses for bonnets and chewing-gum So far as setting a holy example of devout polygamy is concerned, those ghostly wives would be quite as useful as the Prophet's present family. He could show them to his followers, and could dwell with genuine earnestness in his sermons upon the bliss of his domestic life. Peace and polygamy would be for the first time happily combined, and the aged prophet could avenge the slight remnant of his hair undiminished to his grave, Now, if Brigham Young has made an offer to the Eddy, to come to Salt Lake City and set up their laboratory in the prophetical mansion, it can easily be understood why they have ceased to produce "Aunt Jane," "Undo Parker," " Cousin George," and other attractive spirits for the benefit of Chittonden audiences. At Salt Lake City, no objectionable sceptics will dare to investigate them. They will dwell in security and such luxury as their regular salary will procure, and their only duties will be to materialise wives whenever the prophet may have callers who ask to see a quantity of Mrs. Young. The more we think of this solution of the closing of the OhittoncUin, factory, and. the journey of the Eddy, to, talk, the more probable does it seem, We need not fancy that the business at Chit London was unprofitable, or that the Eddys left Vermont in order to avoid any further investigations. A better field has been thrown open to them in Utah by the astute offer of the wily prophet, and they have wisely resolved to be come Ghost-purveyors to his Excellency the Chief of the Latter-day saints. MARAVILLA COCOA.-The Globe says "TAYLOR BROTHERS' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every othcrCocoain the market Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare cocoa tration of the purest oleioen.tH of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For consumers of Pppoa, especially Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a, more. agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinion vision Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, etc., etc. MARAVILLA COCOA. TAYLOR BROTHERS, London, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite coins union with any other Cocoa for Purity fine Aroma-Ssnntive, Nutritive and Sustaining Power. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a late evening, H»M(KOP.\Tnip COCOA. This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS, under the ablest homoeopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors. and will be found to combine in an eminent degree, the purity, Quo stones, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one minute, without boiling. The above articles are prepared exclusively by TAYLOR BROTHERS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold tin-lined packets by Storekeepers and others all over the world. MOBTAIID. TAYLOR BROTHERS' celebrated 'that long" brand is prepared from the Choicest Seed by a patent P'OCOHS which nioYVUts (orientation, and at the same time retains the pungency and purity of flavour to a degree which no other process and accomplish. the double superfine quality is especially loconimuutloil. twin Mills, Brick Lane, London, Export Chicory Mills, Mrs, Wvmh 7Ü.5 