THIE STORY-TELI.F.R 2AM ED PFROM I'E VIWECK. AN ORIGINAL TALE BY RENB. CIAPIsER IV. "Oh yes so well so tenderly. Thou'rt loved, adored by me: Fame fortune wealth and liberty, Are werthlless without the: 'hose worlds for which the Conqueror sighs, For me have now now no chlurms ; My only world those radiant eyes, My throne ±hose circling asms." ' It is now some weeeks since I awoke to consciousness and found myself in the "Conqueror" sur rounded by so many kind hearts; I have recovered fromn the effects of leing hllf drowned, and am allowed to roars about the vessel with Reggie, for my constant companion A. few evenilgs ago I was surprised to see the above verse of poetry Written in a bold maseuline hand, came flntterinlg to my feet as I reclined in an arm chair on deck, Ihad closed my eyes to enjoy the the drowsy murmur of the waves, and when looked up to aee what caused the little rattle of vaper, tlhere was no one to be seen; so I read it wandering from whence it came; a minlute after Regina ap peared anti sat down on the deck be side me. 'What have you there ?' she asked. -'One of Moore's sentimnental effu ains, '. I answore.l, playfully keeping it out of her roach. 'Listen, and tell me who you think has wasted their time in writing it _- out-- - - - '-.-- - ..... ..... ...... ... I ieed it ahlud--she laughed rather nea'siiy, saying, 'smost likely its that charminy Lelngrgville;.or yur other admirer Shannlon, who considers you Iis own particul·Ear property, being the first to seat eyes upotl you in the Island.' 'It is lot frol', the first you name I am certaip, for we regard each other with the greatest antipatlhy.' ' Iet me see if I knw tlhe writing'; I handed it to her;-,nd scrutinized nler the while; the effect was marvel lous, her brow clouded; while every vestige of color forsook her cheeks. SQ,,od Heave n! it is from Temple." 'Nonsense,' I excla:imned, ' he is too " sensible to send me anything of this kind, b6t what makes you look so strange?' 'Vivia, do you care for him ?' she said gralsping my bends passionately, while there was a look of wild an treaty in her upturned lace. 'I like him as well as most. of the other ouficers, and certainly better than Mr. Lo!ngville! but dear girl if he is the hiro of your dreams, I will never look at him again. I woutild die rather than cause you half the pain I can .read inll your face! i' 'No, no, it is nit that, I am not jealhu, at I,,ast not of him!' arid the warm blood stole back to ller cheek, growing deeper an-l deeper; as she looked at me, with a comical little s-mile playing round the variable mouth. - 'But, Vivia let me implore you not to encourage Ralph Temple-unless- you love lhimn.' Her lip quivered and grew white as she sp,,k-. ' lie's a fine manly fel low, she cctintturd,' 'but not one you cauld trifle with.' L bent down and drew her head on to my lap carressingly toying with hIter fair crisp ,curls. There was a wistfnl tender look in her face which I could not unelerstanld, as though she longed to tell 1te soiething but did not dare. Just thlen a foot approached, it was Temple himosell'! accompai'ed bly sny Irish friend Shlrinon. Reggie 'tdrted up-as thlough she had been lhot, and confronted tihe two genltle -_,on with a l,ek of aletost defiance. The young Irishman was coughling to hlide the smile upon hIlis lips; though it was olite as visible rcund the cor vers of hie' twinklimg eyes; Temple looked at her somwhllat reproach fully- ' Who possesses a copy of Mo.ore's poetical works?' she asked rather esarcastically. ' Why, there's one in our library replied the former-while MIr. Tem ple flusthed to the roots of his hair- - ped said nothing.' 'Hush, Reggie, say no more,' I whispered, crushing the paper into my pocket. ? Do you want me to bring you the book, Miss Vautier?' Are you an admirer of my countryman ? 'Semewof his poe.us I confess are beautiful, and touching in the extreme, but the composer hilmslf I despise!' 'You cannot mean this?' he ex claimed,' rather hotly, despise Tom [oore! I never Iheard a lady say akrt before! and euro why? What was he but a true waurm-he'arted son of Erie ?' ' Hie was narrow-milnded, and' illi boral in his own life, however high his ideal standard might have been. -Did he not fawn to the rich and powerful, bowing low before the pos sessors of a title, and frittering away the best hours of hIis lifo to win their smiles? While nature's true nobility, the gifted, and the great, he scorned and sllhunned because they lacked the hollow pomp, and felse glitter of worldly grandeur,'or high position- what can one thilnk of such man? ex cept that he is little wiser than the summer butterfly; loving the flowers, not for their own sake, but the pleasure they afford him.' ' Miss Vantier, your judgment on the poet is severe; but you do not I Avopey inclu de i it all, who appreciate Jhl writings, or share the many teu dor sentiments which he so vividly 'depictsi sail Mr. Temple earnestly.' There was a pause, I knew why this question was put, Regina too, anxiously awaited my reply. 'Nay, that would be unjust, I could not make such a sweeping assertion, ' for every One must stand or fall upon the foiundation of their own chara-. ter.' Thoconversation drifted into a dis eusaion of popular authors, and be came' general-when the gentlemen loft us, Regina said, 'Vivia, will you grant me a favor?' 'Yes, if poisible.' "'It is quite possible, and easy if you like me well enough to grant it \- ' that" you need not doubt what ever it may be.' 'Do you meoan that, in ttruh? or merely in its conventional sense? 'I mean it, in tprue utcerCity ; for to me, you have been from the first, as a firm sheltering oak, to which I clung instinctively for support and affection, like some frail creeping plant.' Her eyes beamed with a joy I had Sever seen there before, and bending, sihe fervently kissed my hand; the little action strange to say thrilled me for with all her tenter devoted kind ness, she had never before kissed me; once when I lay on my couch, and she stood by fanning, and bathing by aching brow with scent. I had drawn her clioek down to my lips and carres sed it,- but she colored so painfully that I never again attempted it; she was a strange girl I thought, and per haps my affection awakened sad memories of her mother or some dear absent school friend. 'You make me so very happy, dar ling,' she said, ' my lonely heart yearhs for'your love. I have no one excepting my'father, you know, and of course men are quite different, he cannot understand me.' ' But you did not tell me dear Regina, what it is you wantme to do.' ' Oh, I had almost forgotten, it is a request which you may think strange.' * Well, do not keep me in sus pense? 'Itisthatyou will tearup thoseverses, and leave the pieces down here, that he may see; will you yield- to my wish I' I hesitated. ' You certainly are an odd girl; what object can you have in my doing so ?' -'- I-h-ave two; - one is that Ralph Temple is a man of great strength of will, and if you do not crush his hopes in the bud, you may regret it.' 'Dear RIegina, you rook at this little affair too seriously, It was but an attempt to gct up a flirtation, at most, but as I have no wish for any thing of the kind,:and my sage oracle decrees it, why here goes.' I tore the paper upus I spoke, taking apiece of gum from her pocket and damping it, she rubbed it over some of the largest fragments, and put them (with the writing upwards) on the deck.' S'Now they will not blow away, and he is sure to find them,' she said, with a triumphant smile. Then turning to me o'with winning.sweetness, she ex claimned, .'-I thank you, froni my heart for grunting toy r quest.' We have spent some delightlul days; the sea men got up some theatricals, and the captain and all of us formed the audi ence. It was rare fun, there was one ufortunate man, who, while singing " Ifp'in a balloon," suddenly stopped with his mouth wide open, and gazed at us with horror and amaze! I thought he must have seen a ghost, but the stately form of Dr. Renshaw was seen beside him; aud after a few moments operation the man closed his mouth, bowed to.us, and retired. Enquiring tihe cause of this little by play irhich seemed to surprise no one but myself; they told me that he opened his mouth so wide that the bones slipped out of their sockets; it was quite a common occurrence with him.. One day (the third upon which I had gone on deck):I was strolling quietly along with Mr. Chalmers, and and " The exile of Erin," as he was called, when a little man with red face, and a supercilious voice, bowing lowing, came up to me. ' This, I presume, is the young lady we were so fortunate as to rescue; I regret not having had an oppor tunity of addressing you earlier, did you receive my card Miss Van ier ?' ' The Reverend Burnet Fl mstead,' said Mr. Chaluers, ceremoniously turuing to me. ' Oh yes, your kind enquiries and card were of cturse de!ivered ; but I felt so ill at the t me, that I was ob liged to deny myself the pleasure of seeing you.' I endeavored to let my tone be cor dial, for remembering the conversa tion which I had overheard with this worthy and Captain. Storey, I con eluded they were not on good terms, and I did not wish to give the clerical gentleman any grounds to suppose that I had been prejudiced against him, which indeed I had not; but on the morning when his card and com pliments were presented at my cabin door, the captain was with me, and when I declined to see him, a smile half of amusement, half triumph crossed his lips, and he looked his ap proval, though he spoke not a word. ' You are now, I hope, quite well ?' 'Yes, very nearly, thanks to the iunwearyingkindness of dear Captain Storey and his daughter, to whose loving.care I owe so much.' He coughed, and then said dubiously- 'Well, yes, your friend I daresay has been kind, but you see he is re maikably impulsive, for one at his time of life; while kindness, true kind .ness should be tempered with discretion, and guided by princidlo, Miss Vau tier.' "' Here, here,' exclaimed the little Irishman in an excited way; that'sjust the right sort, sir, and that's what our gallant commander's heart overflows with ;longlife tohim,;he's the man that I'dfight for with my lastdrop ofblood.' The speaker pushed up his cuffs im patiently, as if to show his eagerness to verify h's words on the spot-and the Revd. Burnet-Flamstead involun tarily drew back several paces, before he said, sarcastically . He is at least happy in possessing so warnm a supporter.' ' Put'it in the pluioal. sir, for hipos sesses scores ! yes, or hundreds of brave follows without me, (though I'm no coward) who've fought beside him through many a hard battle, where some were wounded, and some fell; and its such scenes as this which inited our hearts to him; and. I'd lay my life to it, thait there isn't any man, (I mean two men) in the " Conqueror " who would hear a word spoken, or in sinuated against him, without feeling it a personal wrong, and resenting it accordingly!' - Here he paused to take breath, and Mr. Chalmuers, who stood with folded arins, and an expression of supreme contempt on his fine features, looking down upon the pigmy. in black cloth, now turned to me, saying 'Our friend is right, Miss Vivia, both oficers and men regard our brave captain with the respect and affection he merits, and we have all been to. gether so long that we seem (with few exceptions) like brothers, and he the paterfamilias.' ' By &airit; Patrick, there neVyer was a truer word; for the last eighteen months we've been like the knights of " Arthur's.table " round, and not a boy save two that we blush for.' * Save two,' I queried. ' Yes, Miss Viva, two only, till now. They were the exception to the golden rule, by my faith, and thorns in our side 1 can tell you, two little minded, sneaking wretches, who would sell you, soul and body to advance their own interests, at least Crosby would; Rooke was one of those bitter male volent knaves, who iwould sell hinasealf to gratify his spite; but the Saints be praised, we weren't plagued with either of them long,' and he laughed mischievously. SHow was that,' I enquired. 'Fortune favors the brave you know, and one day Crosby and a lot of tars were returning from shore whlen, when the boat capsized, they were all saved, every man of them, but Crosby, strange to say he went straight to the bottom like a stone, it seemed a judgment on. him, for no d,ubt it was, his heart (that being full of nothing but gold) weighed him down, while everyone else was buoyed np by theirs ! He spoke with comical gravity, but there was a fierceness in his voice now and then thae "proved some hidden motive prompted- tile re cital: (To be Continuedl) 