NEWS BY THE MAIL. THE POLITICAL SITUATION IN EUROPE. from our own correspondent. London, 17th March. The civil war in Spain" is over. Don Carlos has taken sanctuary in England, and ex-Queen Isabella is likely to obtain permission to reside with her son at Madrid. The friends of Spain do not look with unmixed satisfaction nt the con juncture of events. Spanish securities showed increased firmness for a day or two, but they were soon down to thoir old level, notwithstand ing the increaso in the amount of accrued interest. One insurrection being quelled, the commencement of soino other is looked upon as probable. The Spaniards of the north have given up tho cause of Don Carlos, but thoy have not consented to surrender the peculiar privi leges of which ho was looked upon as the cham pion. The retreat of the belligerent pretender has merely served to place King Alfonso in a new dilemma. He must either irritate the north by refusing the restoration of its ancient privileges, or he must offend the south by granting thorn. The return of Qneen Isabella will bo a signal for the recommencement of those intrigues with the clerical party which have over been tho carse of Spain. Even if the queen-mother were disposod to play a neutral part, slio would.not bo allowed to do so. Tho financial condition of tho country is deplorable. Ono trouble has been bealed ; a host of other troubles are on tho point of break ing out. The (insurrection in the Hcrzogovina is likely to bo starved out, but it will not die easily. Tbe cordon drawn by Austria and Russia to exclude all sympathy and holp is doing its work, but tbe fact will bo remembered to tbe disadvantage of these powers, and will lead to dissatisfaction among their own subjects. Public opinion throughout Europe is tnrning strongly in favor of the insurgents. Marshal Macmahon is winning golden opinions by the way in whioh be has recognised the wiiihes of the people as oxpressed in the general election. Although tho result was in direct op. position to his hopes and desires, he has shown much aptitude in accommodating bimsfllf to tbe circumstances, aud for the discbarge of tin? duties of a constitutional ruler. A nearer approach to the principles of responsible government than was ever before seen in France hns been achieved, and instead of the change bringing with it any heartburnings, it appears to have had a wonderfully tranquillising effect ; the Marshal is for the first timo free from worry, and there is a cessation of those plots slid counterplots which, while a Minister who had not the confidence of tbe country was at the head of affairs, seemed interminable. The future of France was never so promising of peace and prosperity as it is now. Russia reposes in a state of self-satisfaction after having annexed Khokand. Tho Czar had some misgivings ns to how the proceeding would be regarded in Europe, aud so he managed to have tho annexation telegraphed beforo it actually took place, in order that he might, with truth, deny tho authenticity of the statement. Finding that F.urope was profoundly indifferent, he took heart of grace and issued tho proclama tion. Tbe fact is that tbe proceeding bad been discounted, and tbe actual event, when it be came dnc, produced no excitement. The high tide of Conservative prosperity is now- past the Hood, and it is not unlikely that the rest of the voyage will be " found in shallows and. in (?) miseries." The cause of the change is obvious enough. No Tory (Ministry can be tolcr- nted unless it is willing to do Liberal work ; but when it satisfies the country by yielding to this necessity, its own supporters become disgusted and disorganised. To still the mutiny it yields occasionally to the pressure, and perpetiates some party job. Every Ministry commits blun ders, and every blunder leads to reaction. Then, ali Tory governments are financially weak. Tboy take office with a surplus, and speedily bring about a deficiency. This leads to tho necessity for increased taxation, and then the ebb sets iu strong. No government can long survive this stage in its caicer. Mr. V7anl Hunt is the Jonah of tbe sinking ship, and lie should have been thrown overbonrd. long ago. He had scarcely got on the deck before he made tbe astounding declaration that England had nothing better tbau a " phantom lleet.' No one at the time suspected him of being a prophet, I but it now seems as if coming events had cast | their shadows before, and that the ghost of the Vanguard must have been in his miud's eye. It was not the sinking of the ship, but the extra ordinary succession of false positions with which the Admirnlty managed to get itself wedged ttiat proved tbe unfitness of tbe First Lord for his position. It is quite inconceivable that he can ever retrieve himself, and it would be a mercy to com mit bim to tho waves, in order that lie may have a chance of being cast ashore, for he can never 'fie anything else than at sea in his present positiovi. Keeping him on boaVtl was tbe first mistaktf made by bis comrades, but not the last. Mr. Disraed took office with a majontyof 52. It has been reduced by subsequent elections to -Id ; and on tho Bni'ials question it was only 31. When a majority thus begins to fail, its breaking up is often rapid. The relations between Rngland nnu Egypt aTe becoming peculiar. Tho Khedive is like au easy- goiog tradesmen who, when be finds himself in difficulties, surrenders his estate, notwithstand ing a surplus of assets, to relieve himself from tho worry of fighting with his creditors in detail. His books have been audited by the firm of Dis raeli and Co.; ho has borrowed a clerk from tho British Treasury, and ho wishes tho management of his national bank to bo put in foreign commis sion. Ho would rather havo nothing to do with his own revenue — always excepting tho spending of as much of it as possible. . This he does right royally, especially in pushing on tho war against Abyssinia. Now that he has at last obtained a real victory, ho will probably consent to a peace, that is if King Jobann would not also like to leave off a winner, and prefer war at any price. Colonial emigration agents find just now a great difficulty in persuading the working classes to leave England. Employment is plentiful, and wages, although they have slightly fallen, aro still higher than they were five years ago. Do mestic servants, if their employers are to bo be lieved, wore never so scarco or independent ns tboy are now. The country is, therefore, fairly prosperous, aud there is nothing to indicate any approaching unfavorable change. Spelling bees and skating rinks divide the attention of those who havo a weakness for mild dissipation. Anything thnt brings people together for innocent amusement is commendable, and so far as they have gone tbere is not much to be said against the now inventions. Now '! Yes ; for although the colonies got over the first stage of the linking epidemic many years ago, the intro duction of the virus to England is a thing of yes terday. 