the cattle iWontftts $m*aIî)U SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 1876. In the Legislative As- embly. yesterday, Ministers an veered questions respecting; the supply of bolts to certain places on the Namoi, the Manill.a, pick) the Big River ; the tree selection of Mr. Surveyor Dewhurst on Attunga Run, near Tamworth the in c correctness of the weighing scales at the different stations on the Great Northern Railway ; the cost of | the landing stage near Parramatta Junction, and the I platform between Parramatta Junction and Fairfield; the erection of a goods station at Greta ; the names I of time members of the Council of Education who decided on the report of Inspector M'Credie to refund the amount of the time and cost.s imposed upon Mr. Will's, Public hello) teacher, Parramatta ; the 1 complaints made by Dr. Healey with regard to the conduct of Mr. At miling, the coroner for Young; the erection of badges across Iron Cove and Gilmandyke Creek ; the improvements made by Crown lessees on Yanko Creek and other reserves ; the seeing of the new post and telegraph offices at East Maitland, and other matters, Mr. Si'-vkeii announced to the House the receipt of a writ notifying the return of Mr., Lynch as member for Carcoar, in the room of Mr. Meyer, resigned. Mr Speaker also announced the Governor's assent, on behalf of her Majesty, to the Border Duties Convention Bill. Mr. FiT/.i'ATiucK presented a petition from the Municipality of Yass, praying for the establish chief grammar schools in Yass and other towns in the interior. Mr-. Davies presented a petition from the Munici- pality" of Dubbo, in favour of increased endowment The petitions were received. On the motion of Mr. St-iro__Y returns were ordered relative to charges made against Mr. Dudding, Clerk of Petty Sessions, Singleton. Several petitions were ordered to be printed. The Diseases in Sheep Act Amendment Bill was read a third time, and passed Mr. W. Suttor moved the second reading of the Jury Laws Amendment Hill, The bill provided for jurors districts" Lo contain one hundred and for ty-four jury - mm. The Sheriff was to summon jurors by lot instead of alphabetically as at present. The existing system had led to any scandals as it often happened that several relatives were summoned as the same jury. Compensation to be fixed by the Governor in Council \- . I, I II I l I was to be paid to the jurors, and special jurors were to be exempt in certain specified cases. He also. proposed if the bill went into committee to insert a clause cntvLlLiitc.iui'uis in criminal cases to be provided with refreshments after they had retired to consider their verdict. After some observations from Mr. Jloit-ttrsoN', Mr. ButiiANAX. and Mr Pii.ouiat, the second reading was carried without division. The- House then went into committee on the bill. Several! amendments hnWiia been made and two new clauses added, the bill was reported with amendments and the report adopted. Mr. Xri.sos moved the second leading "of the Tolls on Public Roads Abolition Bill He proposed to do away with all tolls except bri go mad ferry dues win li he considered a fair eli rge few work done, 'toll- on public roads to ii ii three bins of money out of the pockets of the peo-, be without any corresponds in all theatres to the Ti easily. The collectors of the tolls were the persons who principally benefited by their-.' These bulls were a relic of Bathurst n, and had been abolished in many of the neighbouring; colonies They were an obstruction to free . otiitiuniic.-.tion. and wore list more severely by the po- v than the rich With regard to carriers he was sure that they would rather pay a license fee than submit to the con- tinum of of the tolls. A wheel tax might also be imposed to make up the deficiency. Mr Lackey hoped the House would not assent to the second reading, at all events, at present. The bill would be very unequal in its operation If it were carried the mail) roads could not be kept in a good repair as at present, there is an increased sum for their maintenance was voted by Parliament. The bill was supported by viv. Fi-i/catuicjí, Mr. T, C, Daniels. Mr. Wisdom", Mr. ll.ui.ifv (Hanley and Mr. W. rji'Tion; and opposed, by Mr. OrAniitrj'. Mr. Parkes, Mr. Day, Mr. Maoixtosu, Mr. Curtain-", and Mr. Davies. The Second reading was negatived by 17 to 12. " ' a The adjourned debate on the scene < reading of the Queen of the Projects Act E.\Jten->ioit Bill \vi-_frostlmetl by Mr. M.\ct\"rosu, who moved'(that'tVie debate" be further adjourned for sweeP. Mr 0.\niir.T»* supported the adjournment, as, the bill if' carried, would do a great injury to the country. There were up wards of three hundred d cases in which persons had been ill covered in the unauthorised p session of Crown lands. There were also many cases in which lessees of Crown ? lands held large quantities off hind outside the boundaries of their leases. -On many of these runs There were thousands of acres not', intended in the, description, of the runs. If this bill pushed, persons in! possession of these lands could finish thomas freehold. Mr. Frry.VATuiCK disputed the directness of the view held by the Minister for Land-. The hall was n'it/ç.'il.tulateid<t,oj_ia.'iç the effect contended for by Mr. Garrett. After,, further, debate in which Mr. Pt_cii-K, Mr. S., C.1 shows, Mr. Rohuktson, Mr. Tkiiky, Mr. P.ittKi:*, Mr. W. S errors, and Mr. Fak.vkm, took part, the motion for" adjournment was negatived, and the bill was thereby leave, withdrawn. The ('House went into committee for the further ''«"siaeraiion'of'Uio Evidence Further Amendment Bill. " The remaining clauses were passed with an amendment in clause 3, and the bill was reported to the House with amend > ents. The report was adopted. Mr. ('AitfiuoN moved the second reading of the Trades Unions Funds Protection Bill. The object of the bill was to protect the funds of these unions 1 from embezzlement and,liii-tipiiroptintion The second reudiïiirSyas'agi'erJd'to, and the House having gone into co'i'ijmittee'the bill passed through without amend-, meat.' Mr. DRivER moved the second reading of the Adulteration of Food Prevention Bill. It was founded in on the law in force in England and contained clauses similar to those contained in the English A is. The bill was very much required. The second reading was carried without division, and tKb'bill having passed through committee without amendment, was reported to the House. Trees report was adopted. The House resolved- itself into committee of the whole to consider the propriety of bringing in a bill to amend the Volunteer Force Regulation Act of 1867. A resolution in favour of bringing in a bill was criticised on the motion of Mr. Binns. a lie resolution was reported to the House and agreed to.' The bill was subsequently brought up and read a first time. The Coin^ardes.Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed., Mr,t Hawkes moved the adoption of the report from 'b'. Committee of the Whole on the Fire Brigades Bill. . " - An action was called to the state of the House, and there being no quorum, the House adjourned at nineteen minutes to 11 o'clock p.m. In the course of the short debate on Thursday, when the Colonial Treasurer had proposed the postponement of supply, Mr Garbutt is reported to have said If the Government t were not to have the right of controlling their own business, it was time hon. members opposite ceased to pursue a tortuous practice, and took a decided course.'' Thereupon, Mr. Terry remarked : " If the Government were not allowed to go on with their own business, they were very ill-fitted for the position they occupied and there were indications that they were not able to carry on the business of the country." Immediately afterwards a division was fallen, and Mr S'ri'ARr'i motion was carried by 28 to 20. Thus the Government earned its point by a majority of three ; but, as subsequent, proceedings showed, the victory gained was a barren one, so far as any hope of advancing the public business may have been founded upon it. We have quoted the words of the two hon. members named above, not because of any originality in the opinions they expressed, but because of their conspicuous want of originality. Have not similar thoughts been passing through hundreds of minds for some time past ? If a Ministry cannot regulate the conduct of public business on Government days according to its own views of what is right and expedient, it is not to be expected that public business will be dispatched in a sound and satisfactory manner. The Ministry has theoretically they leadership of the House ; but if the leaders cannot lead, what prospect can there be of progress.? As Mr. Garrett puts it, the control of Government business by the Government is a matter of light. But it may be added that the right to control arises out of the ability to control and to restate in somewhat different terms the principle laid down by Mr. Terry, where the ability does not exist, the claim to the light becomes untenable. When a Ministry finds that it cannot load there is prima facie evidence either that it should surrender the nominal leadership, 01 endeavour, by an appeal to the country, to get rid of the mutineers, and obtain a new crew, that will be amenable to discipline. The principle is simple enough - the difficulty lies in its application. It is not given to every Ministry to recognise, its own inability to, lead, as readily as Opposition members or disinterested observers can perceive it nor are Opposition members as a rule ever ready to see or to admit that the cause of that inability may be found neither in the inherent weakness of the Ministry, nor in the inherent strength of the Opposition as an organised party, but in the power of obstruc- tion which the forms of the House, and the practice of Parliament place in the hands of men who, to make themselves prominent, or to serve a party purpose, or even through sheer insensibility to the fitness of things, are ever ready to sacrifice the higher interests of the public. In applying the principle, it is always necessary to make allowances and deductions on the ground. No Ministry is to be condemned solely upon the proof of a wasted session. With the Assembly as it is at present constituted, no possible Ministry could wholly prevent waste of time, and ensure the steady prosecution of the more legitimate business of the country. In the last Assembly time was wasted wholesale by the obstruction encountered by Mr Parke sS Government, In all these cases the public interest but was; but in the nature of the case, when obstruction for the sake of obstruction pievuiW, the Ministry for the time being cannot be hold solely responsible. Obstructive tactics and guerilla tactics on the part of an Opposition, at- doubl> mischievous, because they directly under the dispatch of business, and because indirectly they tend to fritter away Mining. terial lObpoiihibiliu-, But the plea of obstruction is not admissible at all times or in all cases. Wlleii " Guvom There is always ready and willing to go on with public business in Parliament ; when a Government has a well con 22 dered and well matured policy to carry Out, c are fully drafted sometimes to propose, and all information at hand that may be required by Parliament in the discussion of them : it may fairly be admitted that loss of time caused by the obstructs veness of the Opposition, or the reckless egotism of independent members is not to be charged wholly to the account of that Government;. But it is a very different case when a sycamore invite"s attack by disclosing either a want of policy, or a want of sincere belief in the policy it submits,,'Or an absence of some earnest desire to carry that policy out. When a Government throws' on the table a series of ill-digested and incomplete schemes, with an alteration in the this instance that it is comparatively immaterial whether the House take them or leave them, or any portion of them, and with a confession afterwards that its own mind has not been made up as to be at the point involved, and that it is not in a position to give the House the full information required for the settlement of the question, the plea of obstruction is altogether inadmissible. And it is not over stating the case to say that this is a rough but in the main accurate description of the present, position of the Government. The session was to have been a shortage; it has turned out a very long one. The Government may say that its prolongation has been the result of the peculiar tactics of the Opposition, and the unchecked exercise of the inordinate power of talk possessed by some members of the Assembly. In some degree that would be true But, admitting the truth of it, what follows ? These obstructive influences have postponed until now the consideration of that railway policy which formed the chief feature of the Ministerial programme, and which ought to have been considered months ago But is that any excuse for the faults or defects in that policy, or for the slovenly manner in which it has been submitted by the Government? On the contrary, the delay render the failure of the Government the more pass it, and the more thoroughly indefensible. Obstruction and delay cannot be pleaded as excuses for want of preparation, for absence of decision, or less deficient information, when the gain of time should have been turned to profit in making good those defici- benches The proceedings on Thursday night showed that the Government was not ready to go on with the railway estimates ; but the Government would have been censurable for uiueiuiines-e if the same difficulty had arisen months ago, and a Hirtioii the censure now is not to be evaded. On Wednesday the Government protested vehemently against Mr. Pilcher's motion to intercept supply, and not altogether without reason. This practice of forcing ordinary motions in an extraordinary way before the House by tacking them on to the motion for supply may easily become an abuse and a nuisance. But the objection of the Government to delay on that occasion was hardly consistent with the desire of the Government to procure delay on the following night. Mr. WHirTO%'s absence is no sufficient answer for the Government. These estimates have been waiting long enough to justify the House in looking to the Government, not to Mr Whitton and it is not for the Government after virtually admitting that on Wednesday, to proclaim the opposite principle on Thursday. The Government, as Government, has a right to lead the House ; but the power to lead upon which the right depends, cannot be maintained by' blowing hot and cold in this manner, or by dealing in so loose a fashion with a railway policy involving an expenditure of three millions. The death of the late Mr. A. T. Stewart, of New York, can hardly be regarded as an event of world-wide interest, but the life of such a man, and her enormous accumulation of wealth, cannot fail to be interesting studies to those who wish to and the true secret of commercial prosperity, A single example of enormous success is worth a great many maxims' about it, and Savage was one of the most conspicuous instances of success in business that the world has seen in modern times. Every one who has visited New York is familiar with the immense masses of marble whit h bear the millionaire's name and the success which made Stsavaiit the largest income tax payer in America has made his name familiar in commercial spheres throughout the world. Some doubt has been entertained as to whether the first place in the sphere of American, plutocracy belonged to Stkavaut or to Aston, but the fact is now established that the part in the drama of life which consists of turning everything into greenbacks or gold was played most successfully by the former. At his death, two months ago, Stewart is said to have been worth eighty million dollars or about sixteen millions sterling. It may be that a sum like this, enormous thought be, represents a smaller income than some of those recorded in the Doomsday Book which we noticed the other day ; but there. is. this difference, that while a territorial millionaire in England, does not, as a' rule, create his property and is not at liberty to dispose of it in the way he thinks best, a commercial millionaire like Steavaht can dispose of his wealth in any way he may think proper, and for the simple reason that he has put it together by the cunning of his own hands, SrKAVAuT,- who is said to have been, of both Scotch and Irish descent, and to have had a good education in Trinity College, Dublin, went to America at the age of twenty-one, and the fact that he began to get his living in New York by teaching ('-Greek and Latin is quoted as an, evidence of how poor he misbehave been at the starting of his career. Greek and Latin offered fewer inducements in young and indeed in old countries half a: '_ --1.-.-?? ? -? century ago than they do now, and for this reason no doubt Stewart soon gave up the higher pursuit of education for the lower but more tempting one of commerce. I Re began his life of prosperity in what the Americans call the dry goods trade, and to the said of his life he neither changed his business, nor retired from it. As a dry- j speeds man he lived, and as a dry-goodsman ' le died. This was his life and might serve. as his, epitaph. I Jo is said to have owned a theatre or two, and to have occasionally attended them. He rejoiced as men of his class sometimes do in the possession of an art gallery which was occasionally visited and admired by nobles ' and princes of other lands ; but things of this kind in England and America are as frequently evidences of the pride of power Session as of artistic, taste. And is this, it seems, was the case with Smart. Though he never lost all interest in the things which launched him on the sea of life, has absorbing interest in his after clays was that of a dry goods man. It is pleasant to read that the quantity of SriiNVAin'1-iii lies was sometimes favoured with a quality of mercy. We are told that he originated many humane projects and many public-spirited enterprises. "When I his native Ireland was suffering from, famine about a quarter of a century j 'ago, he is said to have l½ chartered a ship, ; and, loading her with corn, dispatched her as a gift from an expatriated son to the starv- | ing people of Ireland." Notwithstanding ; this, However, Stewart is said to have been a cold and hard man, rigid and even stern in his ways, unsparing in business a competition, and little loved by those who served him." This is not just the testimony j that most men would desire to leave behind them and it may not even indicate the qualities essential to a success like Stkwart's. but sentimental men are not generally millionaire of their own making. StewART not only stuck to business, but he became transmuted into business, He lived in his business and died in it. His business was himself To his marble palace in the Fifth Avenue he carried but a fragment of his being, to his dry-goods concern in Broadway he brought all the enterprise of the Irish side of his nature and all the caution of the Scotch side ; the one part of him was the Steam that propelled the locomotive, the other was the brake that kept it within bounds. In other words, there was a combina- tion of opposite qualities.--many-sidedness on the one hand, and concentration on the other. These are the faculties that help most men on, and they helped Stewart on until his small dry goods concern became a large one, until one large establishment became two, and until the name of the obscure teacher of Greek and Latin became that of the millionaire who provoked the envy of nations. That which is worthy of remark, however, is that the beginning of Stkavakt's success was not attributable to his unparalleled bold- j : os and prudence especially, but to his ] winking out on a track which successful men are not always supposed to take. Although everybody believes that honesty is the best policy, everybody does not believe that it is the most successful policy. It; I seems, however, that Steavaut found it to be both the one and the other. The testimony to his honesty is an ample j set-off to the somewhat unflattering one to his hardness. While other people aimed at successful business competition by trickery. StkwaRt close honesty of the severest type. Every one of his customers . it seems was dealt with " on terms of the most scrupulous honesty. An assistant was promptly dismissed who was found praising a j bad article, or palming off an old fashion | for the style of the hour. Elsewhere j a premium was paid on the getting rid of goods of declining value at high prices, I am Stkavakt's this cleverness was rewarded by dismissal." The result was that with the rich and the poor the confidence in Stkavaiit became greater than in anybody else, and confidence, as we all know, is the foundation of everything. The adoption of this condition of, success is so rational as to make it a wonder that it is not found a little more frequently. Although Stewart belonged to the republican party, he never held office in the State, and never became a politician ; not, it seems, altogether because a man cannot well be successful I both as a politician and as a dry goods man, but because there is an old law in America, as in England, which prohibits a mercantile j man holding office in the Government. Hence, ' when President Grant appointed Mr. Stswaut , j as Secretary of the Treasury, the law, of the 1 State was quoted against the appointment, and Stewart was thus confined to the more con- genial and, to him, the more profitable life of commerce. The law to which we have referred arose, no doubt, partly from a fear that if mercantile men were admitted to office in the State, public position might be abused to promote private interests, and partly from a superstition that rich men are the oppressors of the poor, and as such, if they are allowed to exist | at all, should be kept out of spheres in which they can do most harm. In America, and we may add elsewhere, this kind of political ¡ faith has penetrated both a race of needy politicians, and a few of the abominations of bureaucracy. ' It may be conceded that a life like Stewart's is not the highest life a man can live, and if it were, everybody cannot be a millionaire. If a man of his parts had kept to his Greek and Latin, he might have achieved a distinction quite as noble and more endur '"g than that of making eighty million dollars, without being able to spend them himself, and without a child to inherit them. But, although tSiEAVABT's faculties might have found equally noble occupation, partly at least, in more unselfish lines, as long as the world goes on as it does now, the art of making: money is not to be despised and the late Mr. Alexander Stewart, of New York, may be commended as one who practised that it to perfection. one of the 10st remarkable of the many causes M.Euitland's greatness is the blending of race Wh race, which has made the typical Airglo won. of the present day the most energetic in roman beings, Celt, Saxon, Roman, Dane, and Aoruianall found a home in the British Isles,, come by conquest, and some by the nice ; but lime wore off the angles of their peculiar characters, and moulded the whole into a great strong, new people. The wronged and proscribed of other lands fled thither as to a safe asylum, and, instead of being received with jealousy and suspicion, they were generously welcomed to the "gate and privileged of the people whose protects when they sought. The last vestige of mediaeval Darbarujin. disappeared when the Jews were admitted to the British Parliament, and England is not ashamed to own as her Prime Minister to-day one of the Hebrew race. Under different circumstances and with fairer auspices Australia is repeating the same process of colonization and national growth, and it is, if possible, even more important that this process here should be absolutely tree from the prejudices of cream and race. Frmn whatever land they came, and whatever r religion they profuse, all good citizens must be equal in the estimation of the State, and she must know nothing of their Sectional distinctions. They obey the lawn, they pay taxes, they support our industries, they serve on juries;), they vote for members of Parliament, and they can take Gents in the Legislature, and aid in the good government of the country. On what ground of light or of good taste, thru, did the Britisher for Wellington, in his place in Parliament last Wtdriesdny, three times, and once after he had been called to order by the .Si'i'akbr, in- terrupt the member for Orange by an exclama- ' tion which he must have known to be a gratuitous insult? Mr. N_l«o\ has no need to be ashamed either of his Hebrew faith or descent, und in Parliament he has as much right to sir, as the ' member for Wellington, and perhaps a great deal better rightly that is to be measured by ability to use it well in the service of the country. That party spirit is running high just now within the precincts of the Assembly is; evident ; but surely the atmosphere there has not been of utterly poisoned that no wanton an insult offered to a section of our people, and to a religion that has 03 much right to the protection of the law and the respect of society as any other in two rounds nity, can pass without receiving the columns it justly deserves. The ranks of abuse happen soon how to be tolerably well filled 111 the popular Chamber just now, and the member for Wellington has before now won his spurs 00 such an in- glorious field. but the general public find little pleasure in .«litueat.ing such encounters, and possibly some of the electorates, when they have an opportunity, will show that they have no desire to be misrepresented longer, or to have others misrepresented in their name, The Pall Mall Gazette is one of those English journals which either does not understand the colonies, or which, like Mr. Disraeli himself, takes an occasion or pride in treating them with dis- dain. In an article which we quoted the other day the Pall Mall has its sneer at the expense of those Australian gentlemen who waited on the Earl of (Jaknauvon with a view to some measure by which certain marriages which are legal in all the Australian colonies except Queensland might be made legal in England. The Pall Mall accuses such gentlemen of seeking to effect a change in the marriage laws in England, and reminds them of the presumption of supposing that England will change its legislation so auto conform with that of the colonies, The Pall Mall maintains that by passing laws to legalise marriage with a I deceased wife's sister the colonies deliberately ! elect to cut themselves off so far as this legislation | is concerned from the rest of the Empire, and then insists that Australians must not blow hot and cold by trying to undo in England what they have done in the colonies. But the Pall Mall seems to take pains either to misunderstand or to mis- represent what it is that the colonists in England want. They do not seek to interfere with the English, marriage laws in any way, but to have their own marriages, contracted under Australian laws, recognised as valid in England. This, we think, is a most reasonable thing, and the day may come when it may be a matter of no small importance. By the present marriage laws of l_ noland an Australian marriage with a deceased wife's sister may not be valid, and the children born under such a marriage may be declared to be illegitimate and it seems to us that the removal of such a disability, instead of being a piece of presumption, as the Pall Mall Gaulle maintains, is a matter on which the Earl of Cut -Jara'on was scarcely right when he said that there is a great deal to be said on both sides. The marriage laws of Scotland and Ireland are different from those of England, but the Scotch and the Irish do not, by adhering to their own laws, cut themselves off, so far as this legislation is concerned, from the rest of the Empire. Nor do the natives of Scotland or Ireland find their marriages voidable or their children bastards ed by a residence in England. And what's possessed by the Irish and Scotch in this respect may not (only be asked for as a favour but should be granted as a right to the colonists of Australia. The Australian laws affecting marriage are not only the acts of Australians, they are also the acts of the Queen and the least that can be done in the mother country is to sanction legislation, which, without touching the English marriage laws at all, will give unmistakable validity in the United Kingdom to marriages contracted in accordance with the laws of the Sovereign in the colonie a. It is strange that any English journal should regard the expression of a desire to this effect as a piece of colonial presumption. Sunken CounT. Term List, Monday, 19th ' June. Now Trial Motions, c. : Brown v. Lethbridge, Parr and another v. Ash. Sandeman v. M'Donald, Phillips v. Commissioner for Railways, special case. D-ST_i-_ Court. -Monday, 19th June. Supreme Court Issue: Buckler v. Brown Causes: Burton v. Leary, Elberfeld v. Love. Wilkin and another v. Lowdown, Co the v. Hicks, Brown v. Lowden, Sawyer v. Hack it Simms and another v. Elyard. Royal Society of London. This society, which limits its numbers, annually sleets situate new fell away to fill up vacancies, deputing- to its comic 1 their selection from the candidates-. who are proposed king before, and whose claims and ciualifictitiuus are submitted to note a and inquiry, but who are, understood not to interfere by personal canvass. This year, we are informed, there were sixty cand dates proposed; of these the Tuna of April 12 says :- The following are the names of th - fifteen candidates for the fellowship selected by the Council to be recommended to the society for election on June 1 Captain Abney, H E Armstrong, Rev. W. B. Clarke, J". Croll, E. Donkin P ofoísor Erichsen. Dr. Ferrier, Colonel Lane Fox, A. H. Giles, R. B Haywood, C. Meldrum, E J Rota, PioftisR is Rather-. rd, R. Swinhoe, Professor Thomas. We believe, this is the first time the h hour has been conferred on a New South Wales colonist whilst read dear hero. Sydney Mail-The number of this journal for June 17 contains many matters of current interest in addition to the news of the week and comments thereon. The department dealing with agricultural, pastoral, and live stock topics embraces papers than the pen of our Executive Commission of the Philadelphia Exhibition on preserving and perfecting f mis- vegetables, meats, &c.;, mid on tobacco in California. in the columns devoted to sporting writers appear the second article by '' Nemo," river and. the past turf season and a very complete account of the Oxford and Cambridge boat race, from the English correspondent " AnjliciinuV Another notice ' able part of the contents is the able sent station by Mr. J. Walker, on i ocean currents and their effects on the ro strengthen roast of Australia. The illustra'- d supple men', as well as supplying a good deal of readable matter, contains two picluiestiuo views of the Erskine Valley, a portrait of Mr. Town s prize blood stallion Maribyrnong, and a rook drill for use where neither steam nor pneumatic power is available. THE PilB-UKIt AND THE DENILIQUIN RAILWAY. -The Premier has, we understand, declined the in station of the Directors of the Deniliquin and Moama Railway, to open the line formally On the 4th proximo, as it will, in view of the state of public business, do highly inconvenient for him to have Sydney in time for the auspicious event Besides, considering- his position in the Government, some objection might, if is thought, be fairly taken to his doing what is dr sited before the Engineer-in-Chief for Railways has returned to the work being in accordance with the Act. Mr, Mort and the English Presses I paper which came to hand by the last mail thus comments upon Mr. Mort and his friend, Mr Nicolle, in their patrol o endeavour to advance the interests, of New South i Wales by exporting shipments of meat from here to Emr i land. The journal in question quotes from the S M Herald j some remarks made by Mr. Mort himself about the process I of preserving the meats, and adds " we. certainly admire j the pluck of our friends in Australia, and knowing that we English farmers can take care of ourselves, and probably A make the successes of our colonists indirectly a gun to us, by help ing us to be free from losses by the importation of ib'so«,su with living animals, we have no fear of con seNjSieuccs." Our Seavbbage.-A system of sewerage exists at the town of Bolton, in Lancashire, in which 1 1904-5 gallons of sewage per hour are purified at a cost of 30s. or 40s. per million gallons. if we only manage to adopt the same system the minds of many gentlemen in this case might be sit arrest,' who are now agitating for a more effectual and satisfactory system. The Saints of Poisons Bill and Tim Pitarla- ' tattered. Hockey On ?\Vodni'S''ay_ last, tim a newly J ploet"d council of the Pharmaceutical to let y--.vlessis | William Townsley Pinhey. JP., President: 1-'. chair r, t J.P. : Alfred Willis Wait, ,Kio'!«-i-;':s Evans Skipper. Mine- ' Henry 1 once, John Walsh.'' and Fred.- Kek II wayward , ? upon "this . colonial Treasurer- to ask him to «uljiiut-'p ¡ Parliament some of entries- in) the'! water of Poles Hill, I lately flint dawn t item As.-0'nlli ruin the Council. 'He.! district in' n pointed out that the by were to most. interested in sr-eingtrint unqualified reasoner should not in all wet! to ! who is in poison : and as tired It does- it Vlmnuncjaticil , Suffers find council of- tiiann:o:iicut. they asked tha'tJ'ti A Le'-'isU'iiri' sh like appoint them, as In the. two events' of interest suggested by the Treasurer, to Turran B aid of Pharmacy, to carry out Verne of the objects of the Act. j 'Air Stuart explained to them that it him nine, the bill was iir-M.au'd, the only medical, body the existing war, fun A Medical Board: hill as the I'liai- iiiuct'iitiiiil Society had been instituted into the bill was framed, he was prepared to offer. of with the views of the dramatic is. The Treasure- j than discussed with the deputation to schedule of personal; and other features of the WM. and 8"v-e>rr.l alterations . write. at once made by Mr. M ii i- Stephen lasting m ' Parliamentary draftsman at the- desire of the Tica«i:r'-i,. C Tilt! deputation uXprestnU their approval of the _ bills as j 7iri>tiosoci to he amended, that they receive, that king Mr. Stuart in behalf of' their society for'- his ready acquiescence drilling vice. - ' ~ PHTLADEMUIIA ExTUTHTIOJi COMMISSION. A meeting of the Philadelphia Exhibition Commission was held at the Free Public Library yû«Nn-cay afternoon, The members present were Sir li. lit us-Thomson in the chair). Sir Daniel Cost per Mr. Wallis, Mr. E. S. Hill, Mr. Charles Moore, Mr. Woollen, Bay. W. B. Clarke,-.Mr. Adams, Mr. John Williams', and Commander Stackhouse. 'The minutes of' the.. previous intending were read and on termed. An account for the 10s. fronT Messrs. D'. J enter and Co. for twelve and one.-. was ordered to to paid. An account for £31 for lithographing- a man. ral map of New South Wales was ordered to he" rising to the (Jol nial Treasurer. The secretary read a letter from the Col nial Secretary's department foniuTfiing for information of the Co!iiiiii;,'ionn-a a copy of a nieiiiorninlnni received i runs the Department of Lands to leave to the "Union.- of- a special upon it the live stock exhibited at Philadelphia. on foot iiieinmiindiiiii, Mr. G. S. Yeo, sheep insignia-, who had been allowed leave or absence to visit Philadelphia, intimated his willingness to make a special report, on being; furnished with U". necessary credentials. It was resolved to a rope the other. men to do-, wish Mr. Yeo with the reverential required. 'Ibu Coman's' tion took into e moderation a letter from the Colonial cart tary's de assistant, re lative to the translation of the prize essay into foreign languages, and resolved to refer the matter of the Government, as it was one relating to immigration, and therefore not within the province of the c inundation. The secretary stated that he had received from Mr. Charles Robinson, the secretary to the Executive CiimniisMunor. a letter for a siding a pint of !h>-h>ih-i allotted to New South Wales and other colonies ; also a lot ter respecting the appointment of judges. The meeting then terminated. The Extension of the Railway into tick Off v A quarter of persons met together last evening, in the old Temperance Hall, to consider whether it would in the desirable to call a public meeting of the citizens, on same evening. to consider the subject of an extension of the railway to the Circular Quay, and whether such a railway ought not to leave Hyde Park untouched, or at all events not to wait on the surface of it. Mr. J. W. Watkins was called to the chair, and made a speech on the subject, stating that i tar at a meeting at the Chamber of Commerce could not be considered as a representative a meeting of the eitUt'iis, inasmuch as it was held at an bon- who ivor kin 2 men could not attend and I was in a large measure not ruled by mercantile men. It | wits therefore thought that it would not be advisable to call another public nee ins at which the working men of the city might have an opportunity of expressions their views on such an important question. The chairman then gave ri'Kion- why the «tr,H>r initio should be relieved by an extension of the railway, in -finding the fnt-rt-asinir carriage of wool though our streets and the great numbers of past, (sengers who required see Immediate n on holidays, and on other occasions Mr. Smith moved that a public meeting of the citizens was called, to behold at an early State next week, for the extension of a railway, but not through Hyde Park, Mr. Fletcher seconded the resolution. Several persons took part in the; discussion that followed, when it was pointed out that no reference had been made to the railway line passing through Belmore Park, truth such Hyde Park- had been mentioned . and also that there was no hurry in cubing the meeting, as the city ox.- nsion scheme of the G vernment total not be dealt with this n onion. Dr. Renwick moved as an amendment,-" That, whilst approving of the speedy construction of a railway through the city of Sydney to the Circular Quay, this meeting considers it to be desirable to wait: the 1 uri tier acted n of the Government in the matter. This meetings also condemns the union at present proposed by the Government " The amendment was carried by a considerable majority. It was dedicated on the motion of Mr. Cox, seconded by Mr. Fletcher-.-' find a com sixteens seven (three to form a ijuor_n0,bc appointed to watch the matter through Parliament, and that they be empowered to call interferes, m- take such other action as may appear to them.dc-sinble " The following ai-ntl»-.iiien were appointed the Committee: Dr. Renwick Messrs, i Cox, Fletcher, Small, Withers', Wales, and Mitchell. The j proceedings were brought to a close with a vote of thanks, to the Chairman. The Water Supply On Thursday afternoon, the Mayor Mr. B. Palmer), _oi...iupa_ifd by Aldermen Castley, Greori, MACratoah, Chapman, Monto, Mtue, Mort man, Playfair. FCippix, Harris, and Price, Mr. F. Bell (City Engineer), Mr. Morna (Assistant Engineer', Mr. T. Bradridge (City Surveyor; Mr. Lord (City Treasurer., and Mr. Westcott (Meohan'tal Engineer!,"visiied the site of the new dam in a curve of e instruction it Bnnnuiong, to examine the progress of the work, and to ascertain the extent to which the dam was likely to prove a means of steaming water for the supply of Sydney; lindon the way back to own the tunnel claim on the Lachlan reserve was inspected. The new dam at Bunnerong, which has been under constructs m since the 4th April, is on the 'road to La Perouse's monu- ment, and a little more than half way between Sydney and the monument. It is intended to catch the 'drainage of mi a watershed of ROOS actes whose stores of water- have hitherto i passed off into the sea, and when the dam is finished and the world contained within it, as the City Engineer intends it shall be, there will be a intifuilicent supply of water available' for Sydney. The land in the direction of the dam is eminently suid for fine storage of water, for it presents. a -w cession of valleys, surrounded by hills or ridges, -which are admirable natural reser voice, and, by means of an extensive embers. ment to unveil the water from flowing towauU Botinv B 'by, an immense toss. weir or dam is secured covenants man of 250 acres, and a pub e of bolong 400,000,000 gallons of water. The value of such an addition to our present supply in the Botany and! Lachlan stamps can easily be understood. A very busy scene is to he met with at Bunnerong. Oto- a hundred men are at work c instructing the >. others embankment of the dam, which, when completed, will be Twenty-six chains in length. Along the centre of the embankment is a puddle dyke, which is built up from ten feet below the surface of the ground to within three feet of the top of the embankment, and to the anticipated level of the water in the dam-a height of twenty-five feet in all that there will be no chance of the water escaping. Passing under the embankment is to. feat of iron sluice piping, twenty-four inches in diameter, with a lock by which the water will be allowed to run from the dam into the earthenware pipes that will convey it into the No. 4 dam at Botany, and from there it will be sent in the usual manner to Sydney When. up to its highest level the water in the dam will be eighteen feet deep, and within two feet off the top of the telegraph posts which line the Bunnerong Road. This road will of course have to be diverted. an a long reach of it will have to be entered by the wife in the chair, and it will be conducted round the ridge which encloses the line a' tyres part, and thence along the top of the embankment until it meets with the present mail outside the dam. A sum of £10,00 was voted by the City Council to any for the construction of the new dam, but it is believed by Mr. Bell taut the cost of the work will be conBidoia'ilv within the estimate. Up to the present time £1900 has been expended in wages, and some additional exp name has been incurred for pipes and other rational. It is the intention of the Mat or to push the work on as rapidly as can be done, so as to <? improve the dahl, if possible, while the Sue weather lasts and to do this additional men will be employed. The work is super- intended by Mr. Passfield, overseer of the B itaiiv YVatetshed, under the direction of Mr. Bell. At the tunnel-. dam, on the Lachlan r serve, very great improvement has been made, at an expense of some £1000 or £3000, chiefly by raising the embankment which retains the water and in cteaMuir the capacity of the dam from 10,000,000 gallons to 3,3,000,000 gallons. The whole of the dams etc at the Mr sent time well stored with water, and the stock is- increasing r daily though rain does not fall. On the 10th instant the engine pond dam was within '?¡G> inches of being full; at the mill dam the water was 2 inches over the weir: No. 2 was within.4'2 inches of being full; No. 4 was within 18 inches of an overflow No 9 was within 15 inches of an overflow; and in the Randwick dam there was five feet of water. the quantity of water pumped from Botany is smaller now than what it was at this time last year. in con- sequence of there being ? considerably less wasted in the city, and he ate of the supply which flows by gravitation to the lower levels of the city from the tunnel dam. It is the intention of the City Engineer, as soon as the motley can be secured, to test the efficacy of artesian wells, which it is believed can be made a valuable auxiliary to the water supply in the dams. An Impudent Swindled The case of John Loughlin tried at Wagga, for passing a valueless she too, had some features of painful interest. The prisoner (states the Advertiser) was evidently a man of education and re Roectablo birth, and find, we believe, been so received at some houses in town. Throughout the trial he persisted in making, statements of such a contradict or character, and putting such questions to the witnesses haratovery step his fraudulent intent became more and no apparent. Asa ' climax he put in a long letter after the date of the jury '. had been returned, addressed to the Judge, in which he contradicted some statements he had already made in Court. His Honor pointed this out, and said he consider the case one of the worst pieces of swindling that had a ever a man before him, and sentenced the prisoner to eighteen months in Darlinghurst gaol. St. ANDRe res Cathttihal-The following is the order of musical "at vic for Sunday, 13th June - ( Andelosia fallen in I Dus Mise-ite-Macfarrei in 1 Anthem-' I was glad when they and unto me" (Hvrv) rJ J1K Calls! On- D'tûVMÎsCr kT TjIJ P willS 'He gently in a van ) or a fund til n dear '' bites it We 1 noted for Lai, in I in s in he I n identifies! a I do and Le much of a desire, t Caind n turned to us, who had been i [trials honoured s i i . men from hit him -to a fair three-years-old lue identified then as now by his n n in guns will be held at the Ub=tritrlavtrn at of iron this forenoon Administration or TubTici -A return has bp n prepared by a time of the overdrive year table under iii motion of 6th Div s, relief i it the i um r r f claim for diMiiciii_f»8 if the City Police but Uiofust part is a return of the "limbs of a rising taste in (here for trial at it fr m 1 in it 'I it) on S tin jars of 40 a m on Mondays firms are signs of 1 tor drapery..-:, at the last rd and W a ci Point the use of M days, during the year 127 J (30 h May I 70; Kuailcrol perons tax n in the , 214 numb r finLi) Pill numb r any variety, 1st, The second p of the action shown ri)e n u m ber of persons taken in charge for ditiiiktrness final, and di - changed in epidemics at the Central and Wai tr Poli j Cmrtfc, cutting the city It edward a week of the y i 173 ( Otj M ty, tSrt) -TiKsdius number taken in the two Uoi Grant (nth i (l, am for d charged, , 38 Visit to ; number than in curing this mother of nil 92 nninDtr discharged, 600 '_"uu>i a) number fallen in that it 2d number fund, 771 i i i bor day his rate of) Ti really I am able taken in charge Bill, numb run d, 772 number discharged, 212 Saturdays number taken in charge ilO; number hard 32 number did hundred 27ft total number taken ashore, early, further fined, 1202 n umber di char 'ed, 130 The Society for an Ppmevtiov op CiiVELiY do Am I was -Mr John Wilson, the proof of r of the Hippodi mine at the Haymarket, hasolined the use of the circus on Meanest! v, the 21st instant to ten per foundries in aid of the best by for the Prevention of Cruelty to Anna its and the committee of the society have thankfully accepted the cations offer Mr Wi son 's letter to the society s secretary wt apply!, as it will be contesting to all who have the walls are. of dumb animals at heart, and, is the society has peculiar claims upon the table- w hope to see two are indies s extending he Lipp done on it wednesday next AT "V ils n write- s To tht'.etreiaiy of that is left for the '"attention of Cut it To Animals SIR-The objects of KjC "men wishing to four have in all the countries I Hat vi Itel harness. -w v Ernest sviiipitlifs, and in proof of the fine row of inland r -, i by. the offer in aid if your f lndsapertormrilc of mi Mum,,, eh K mm Then define and (Frand San Farmers Cm us Liner acting as) a rich cinereus it is in session but thoroughly te~M_c,d ma of the porte attentions) of Wilma s parents, and the in "j humane treatment in nature with rains, more especially to when that noble man in the dim seas in question and in the full belief that this is, also the convicts not all the generous, and kind I lie; to tender the my humble contribution to your meritorious as ciation, convinced that the. liberal public of Svon } vi 11 respond with alacrity to the appeal, and help to place no inconsiderable rum is money to your credit Moreover since 1 are materially anxious that the air should be a complete sub case, I heard and that the whole route is of mv large establishment will be placed our sorveJly at your room and for the vi he of Wednesday next, the 21st instant so that those vi he may feel desirous of aiding. and by their presence and laboring and yet nuarY be attend ed his disinclination to another little ones to a late evening performance may have their hesitation removed by the u liability of its song in at e non per finance which will be i ordinary a sacred irrespective of the grand attraction of the events I am, Sir, yours truly, John Wilson ' Supply of PrincE Milk fob Sydney-A meeting, convened by circula-, was held on Wednesday afternoon, at Bu awards, to consider the advisability of supplying the FreshFord and Ice Company with milk. Mr D. Moffatt, Jull., presided, and the meeting was addressed by Messrs. John Hanrahan, Dtmniclift, M Carr tick Blencowe, and others. The subject was well discussed pro and con., and I opinions were pretty well div. died. It was said that, some experienced dairymen could not 8>e that State worth's,' proposal would work out any better for thf'hi'tbtin'Cht.yirmd been done during beats three >eir " They hetV- everything now in proper way of work, and would certainly it glance t . any new system unless they law that they would b benefited. They intended to leave out the philanthropic part of the arrange lient, thinking the Sydney i people are able and willing to pay a fair price for their milk. It is also pointed out that the principal river men of this distance have been for some years bidding for butter, and not for milk, and that as their pastor. s an> laid down with the best artificial glasses, they think they should receive a better price than is extend to those districts where the majority of the c we a e run on the natural grasses. Unless some such iiovtiitago was given, it is. doubtful whether the rich creamy milk of this district wind r each the metropolis!, otherwise than in the form of butter, "eggs hitherto it We -annually ackn wedged on an extremist moderate calcula- tion that in a ten- te«'months 20,10 families could be supplied with a quart of pure milk per day, from this di trt tHlone. and the fair play could be rapidly and leased. It in as eventually- decided to call a public nice ing at an early date, to for tLer ventilate the matter, and the company would be unit d to have 11 must "enforce patent. Anything Ct'SJOAis seizure. The Customs authorities at Williamstown have (according to the Aziz?) s- aged about thrc-ethjui-aiid cigars on board of the H. M. S. !>uiiiatra. They were found in the possession of one of the ' engineers and a carter master, and as they were not in cluded in the manifest, nor their presence on board Rondo known to the captain, they were taken possession of by the Customs officers. Poisoned Water Some few months ago, an animated dis- ussiou took place in Sydney about the inn p parties said to exist in he Botany water, and, although no tail rates viz t a- address li to the use of bad 11 star, there are many who still believe that however supplied to the city is accountable for a great deal of sickness that has lately prevailed. Offensive matter was said to be found on the watershed; and own in the liquid itself some tracings of animal life were discovered which revealed a state of things considered to be far from satisfactory. In England. for over. cases of dangerous. and even of fatal, Consequence have been directly traced to the "source of water supply; and in the town of Easily no less than five we do aths arechromo'ed a h wing occurred in quick succession ; two fresh cases are also report tod. Vinhoiil ft ver has likewise broken out at Markland till, ten Bolton. Several persons are under medical treatment and it is feared the disease is extending, us the 31st, it is an ex eroJ. If 11 0 culminated v- a ex sup t iv is so suspiciously regarded in the brain recounts y. it behaves to be more careful of our watershed, and to see that it is Irret clear of those impurities to which so much disease is Eui;.. _d is attributed. Botanic Gardens. - The Head-quarters Band will perform this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, under the direction of Lieutenant Callen, weather permitting. Pro grammes: Parade Machinists," Called; Overture "Les Dragons d s A'lllars," Maillat; Waltz.-" Beautiful Flowers " Ilivioie, Sele^riun-'* 15 Sonnambula," Bellini ; Quadrille Les 1 r..uhndoui-," Must; dalop-"Excur- sion Train," Musguwo. God Save the Queen. Theatre: Royal. "Ingemar the Barbarian" was produced at this house i yesterday- evening to a Wire attendance. The piece is well known in the play- going public, and although the motion is st ms what quiet, and the object of the dramatist appear.- to h as been the contrast of two very opposite character-. rather than detail of incident, var the structure of the we k is so elegant that theatened always sustained. Parthenia isa recreation which, not taking severely the resources of the talented artist, may yet be made a very great deal of, and Mrs. Scott-Siddons reading may be considered an, unexceptional one; quiet finished, and graceful. In the scenes in which she eradu - ally acquires a complete do insurance over the savage Ingomar her acting was very graphic, and elicited! much applause. Mr. G. D. Chaplin in the title-role had a con going part, and one in which his lofty stature set him off to can derable advantage in point of make-up. He gave an excellent rendering of the character, making it legitimately and with a commendable absence of exaggeration. The min n parts were, as a whole, evenly sustained. To- night, "Othello" forms the attraction. Victoria Theatre. Fritz" as imperson- ated by Mr. J. K Emmet has drawn good attendances during the week. Mr. Emmet is certainly at the top of his profession as a delineator of this class of character. His impersonation is marked by great originality and natural humour, and his -long- and musical performances always elicit great approbation. Qu ken's Theatre At this house the artist tion bes breathe lOiform areas of the Wheeler family from America, who leave what is known as a " Protean entertainment very pleasantly. This includes songs, dances, impersonations, and so forth. 'There are a so Mr-. H It m, Messrs. Cowan, Calle, Benham, Shaw Cross, Linton, and Wilson. A couple of hours may be agreeably passed here by those partial to amusements of this class. School of Arts. - The Chinese giant, Checkers, is now holding his receptions at the School of Arts, where he appears twice daily. Herr Tolmaque amuses the company by a description of the foreign gentleman's adventures with Mr. Paul Starick during the rebel war in China, and also gives selections from his entertainment. The giant appeals in costume as a mandarin, Pinkus a spot cb in his native tongue, which is much appreciated by those who understand it, and condescendingly shakes hands with all desirous of that honour. There appears to be no doubt that (so far as we have any record he is at the present time in all respects, the biggest man in the world. The admissions have been reduced. Wilson's Great Hippodrome. The attendance at this place of a amusement continues very large, and when it is considered what a great crowd it will accommodate, the management have little cause to complain of want of patronage. The diversified character of the programme affords a speciality to suit almost every person's taste, and everything is well executed. The horse lacing and equine performances are the best of their character, and the fair Causes, Indian exploits, centre specialities that afford much amusement. There will be a day performance this after noon. i PnrsiïVTATioN -On Thursday the pupils of the Lyceum Scho in, Bathurst- street, pi presented a very hand- some silver inkstand and an elaborately illuminated address to their Principal Mr R S Cannon. j AIcsic -i e have to acknowledge from a u Bil composer a an entente, named if tel one of our most beautiful country districts but we regret to say that the in- what is not as good as the name, and it would perhaps be advisable for him either to study min- refori. his ii'Xt com- position or to be content with the music already composed 1 MR. "Mort and Colo mat, Yotj-th-An 1 "Engineer App cities and Mitue "south of Eight cn" takes a Exception 11 Mr Moira statement that in this c lony a youth of seventeen o pi then it commonly not so well educated man is a youth of fifteen or sixteen in England! He requests that his letter may be insert d in vom lalaualiU journal" to show that the natives "ennot I r quietly suffered to be? i' up in " He also shells oMitre with a ii " Under the circnniHtrncet, his letter cannot be considered valuable as evidence for the defence I TiNDA TrD CiticitTT CARR-The annual dinner if the ab v named club took place last night at the Occidental Hotel Mr (t Kichaid'un occupied the chair and Mr J Cooke acted as vice alarm n is of dinner, which was placed upon the table in a di t p class manure, have"- been disposed f, the chairman proper of the usual loyal t taste, and then gave " Success to the Undaunted CiiclitCIub the members of which he til I had distinguished themselves in the last season by playing; tennis luncheon which didnotrvtn recreation Several other to sts were proposed and re passed to, and the direct ing, u moth. was a most en, or able one, broke up she that to li o's of 2.. At the next meeting prices are to be presented to the for owing Gentlemen in their average produce the season -Messrs T R Harrison and E. Neale for obtain' and Me si J McDonald and W. Cooper for bowling; Cricket DINNER -The annual dinner of the Rev tra cricket Club took place at the Masonic Hall It t Wednesday evening Mr. R R Dawbarn, in the absence of their Pie ideas, Mr J C Campbell, occupied the char i, and Mr E De I was vice- chairs As usual, the pi i prn tor of this establishment provided a Ytrycho cesspans, to of which full justice was done The charman read letters from Mr G F Want, the patron of the club, expressing his regret it not being: able to attend and from Mr J C C mipb 11, stating his absence from town would deprive him of the pleasure of being present The usual loyal toasts having been drunk, the chairman proposed " The Rovers dulcet Club, and look advantage of the opportunity to refer to what he considered the ruinous per oz of the New South Wales i at her Association as enunciated in the rules just passed by that body, and censure d members of junior clubs for not at- it during the meeting at which the rules were passed and thus allowing members of senor clubs I? have it all the own way He stated that during the past racing the club had played 19 matches winning li, looneJ -drawn Hecontr and tried the members upon the Houiishin^ora,eof the club is -nances, referring w Uli great -r 1 a fire to a Ujj,.,, ,-. hill of about £30 and concluded with to hope of a T-,flpPr0Ug future for the JV'V¿r8CcC J*,\,VeL"^p^£0S<SÄ+h« ' Cricket Clubs of New South Wales, the Chairman ,.. 908 "The Secretary , Mr Douglas, "The Orsino in a,", , Harpham, The Ladies Mr Cox, " The Press"-'-«.v., jj were responded to with becoming enthusiasm, and very enjoyable evening terminated with the stirring notes of "God Save the Queen " from the Young Australian Band Rath eh Vague -The Police-court at Wagga lately was convulsed by the eagerness a which prompted a witness in a here stealing case to give answers, rather voluble than succinct, to the questions of the Crown Prosecutor The Advertiser says the witness in queen by Michael Maloney, after giving come parti stars of the theft, endeavoured to explain away a doubt which existed as to whither the prisoner, who stated on the day of the theft that he was going to look for a horse, meant that he was going to look for one of his own or a me one else's "No, faith ' remarked Mr Maloney, hastily, it was another woman's" "Will you describe the horse you 1st Mr Maloney," said the Crown Prose cutor, ' what e hour was it '" ' "It was between a dark and a black, Sir C P ' V> as it a gelding -" Mr M " Sure, it was nearly as old as myself ' C P " No no, I mean it was not an entire was its"' Air M " No, faith, it was a saddle-horse." After this the Court dispensed with the formality generally observed in proving the correctness of the indictment. Fat Stock Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver sold at Homebush, on the 15th instant, for the Hon Charles Campbell, of Gininderra, 162) fat wethers light weights from 11s. to 15s. 11d Large Tiger Cat.- An unusually large specimen of a tiger cat (says the Wagga Express) was killed by the sons of Mr. C. Steiner, in Moo'otg Paddock. It was a dark brown, but spoke like the ordinary native cat, and measured 3 feet 5 inches from the point of its nose to the top of its tail and 11 inches round the neck at the collar. When found it was perched with another (which escaped in one of the river oaks, and during the encounter it ad- into the river with the dogs which accompanied the boys ; such a formidable cust never did it proves that it nearly drowned one dog by " freezing on " to its head. Catching a Ghost. We find the following story published in the Hamilton Spectator The sill, fellow who has, during some months past, caused much alarm and at least one serious accident, has at length been taught in the act fortunately for him, before he was " peppered"' with small shot. It appears that Mr. C. F Harding, a farmer, residing at Warrabkook, accompanied by one of his men near d Flower, went out one night to look for the pretended apparition, and found him about two miles this side of Mr. Carmichael's station. He was, as usual, attired in a white sheet, artificially raised some two feet above his head. Immediately upon seeing him, Flower flung himself down upon his knees, and prayed with unwonted fervour to be saved; but Mr. Harding perceiving a pair of colonial-made boots peeping out from under the sheet, approached the figure, and it instantly ried. Mr. Harding gave chase, and, after a brisk run, caught the nuisance, who turned out to be a wood- splitter, named Robert D «vnio tr Harding's earlier and better impression was to duck the fellow in a dam close by but, for some reason or other, he did not do so. However, on his asking Downie why he had given .<> much uneasiness to unoffending persons, the latter replied that he was only larking, and that he intended keeping it up until some one should have the pluck to accost me catch him. He then promised that he would not again attempt a supernatural rule, and was let off. The Blacks Attacking Native Police. Sub-inspector Army arrived in Georgetown on Tuesday last (says the Etheridge Courier of May 14 after a lengthened patrol, which extended nearly to the Walsh River. He reports that the blacks are very numerous and hostile in that locality. They attacked the police on three different occasions, who, as a last resource, had to defend themselves with their tomahawks, having expended all their ammunition. They brought in a young man and a large bundle of spears, which they succeeded in capturing from the blacks. We gather from this report that travelling on the road to the new rush, is extremely dangerous and all persons proceeding in the direction should be careful not to travel alone, and he also well provided with arms and ammunition, in case of being attacked by the blacks. Singular Rescue at Sea One of the most singular rescues over reported occurred (the South Australian Advertiser says) during the voyage of the Na Marble, from Fremantle. The schooner was running at the rate of 10 knots per hour, before a heavy westerly gale, when the alarm was given of a man overboard. One of the South Sea Islanders had been relieved from the wheel, and in a heavy pair of boots and an oilskin coat was going forward, when he was knocked overboard by a sea which came over the side. The waves were running mountainous as he dr, pped astern ; but the report was no sooner made than the schooner was rounded to, in the bare hope of saving the unfortunate man. She came to the wind under a press of sail made a short reach, and was soon about on the other tack. To judge of the time on such occasions is difficult, but the muster considers that a quarter of an hour they used before the position where the man was lost overboard was regained. sharp look-out waskcpt,ando.-iheadi_goveran immense sea the voice of the man was heard above the roar of the gale. The way of the craft was at once stopped, and the man aware up to the side, and was taken on board. He had thrown off the heavy boots, but brought the oilskin coat back Shocking Official Babbabity.-On Saturday (says the Gippsland Times of June 8), we mentioned that a female named Emma Bennett had been remanded as a vagrant by the Walhalla police bench for medical treatment in the hospital at Sale, but that she had died in the way down at a place called Ostler's Creek, about twelve miles from Walhalla. Her body was conveyed a distance of eight miles to Toongabbie, where on Friday last an immense was held, and a verdict returned that the deceased had died from exhaustion, after a severe attack of diarrhoea. Such is the brief outline of a case which was attended with circumstances of very gross inhumanity. The woman had led a dissipated life, was found in a hut by a policeman at Walhalla, on the 30th ultimo, in an utterly destitute condition, suffering (according to competent medical testimony from acute diarrhoea, and showing symptoms of typhoid fever. She could not, or would not, give reference to any friends or relations ; she was without means, and too proud stated by physical ailments to " move on." Sergeant Hopkinson, therefore, took her before the police bench, and the magistrate remanded her, as already stated, to the Gipps and hospital at Sale for medical treatment. The order was carried out as far as possible. This woman of '28 years, wretched and enfeebled by a dissolute life, and suffering from acute diarrhoea, was placed on horseback, to perform a journey of forty miles, in custody of a young mounted constable, through a country which for a long distance taxes the skill and endurance of a strong and able rider. We learn that, during the twelve miles which the deceased got over the constable was more nurse than cUftodian, until death suddenly relieved him of his charge. While guiding her horse over a difficult bit of road. he noticed the woman " sway " unusually, and on attempting to support her found himself in charge of a dead body. Emma Bennett had died in the saddle. The bare statement of the case is enough for the most sensational appetite. It is disgraceful that such a revolting circumstance should be possible in a community which calls itself civilized. 