? THE PLEA.9A.NT PLACES OR THE LONG AGO. HALFWAT up the hillside, where the breeze blows tree, And the little marry kids ever leaping be; Where round the grey rooks moBS and Wild thyme grow— Those were pleasant placeB in the long ago. Where in storms the ooean breaks in Bheets of foam, Near the dear old mansion,* of my race the home— Where in oalm the wavelets ripple soft and low— Those were pleasant places in the long ago. In the solemn stillness of that rnined pile, Where the lost ones.slumber in the Abbey aisle; Where among deep caverns doth the salt spray flow— Those were pleasant plaoes in the long ago. Where high on the brown moor, looking o'er the sea, fUtaigue'B old ghost-like hill-fort lone and dark we see, Where its crossing streamlets there united flow— Those were pleasant placesin the long ago, 'Jtfid the heathy cummers by that lonely lake, Where deep eiystal waters wild winds seldom break; Where making tenfold eohoes the horns of hunters blow— Those were pleasant plaoes in the long ago. Where the arbutus blossoms by Looh Lene's fair tide, And across its waters many a bark doth glide; Where amid the woodlands waterfalls do flow— Those were pleasant plaoes in the long ago. Where Lismore's old castle in its stately pride Rises, 'mid its turrets on Blaokwater's side; Where its clustering orchards bright fruit and foliage show— Those were pleasant places in the long ago. Where the waters meeting at Oroca flow, A poet's song repeating ever aB they go; Where that valley winding fresh beauties still doth Bhow— Those were pleasant plaoes in the long ago. Aye, those were pleasant plaoes, there life calm did flow, Where the loved and lost ones onoe were used to go; Where we saw their faces, heard their accents low— Oh! those were pleasant plaoes in the long ago. Yet though with lessened pleasure we walk this earth below, For us there is a treasure which faith and hope bestow; While God's love and His graces within oar boBoms glow— All, all are pleasant places e'en in this world of woe. —The Irish Monthly. *D&n7nane; Abbey. The remarkable fort of Stalgue is near it. ST ELLEN FITZBIHON (daughter of O'Connell). Daniel 