ODDS AND ENDS. A dog weighing only three ounces is astonishing the fanciers of Troy. A better half— A silver fifty cent piece. Will Settle is the name of a Wis consin bankrupt. His creditors hope he will. The ory "Go' West" has changed. An editorial article in a western paper is headed " Hop yeast." Four wild pigeons and seventy- five men with guns passed north Saturday afternoon. " It is a wise father that knows his own child from seeing his Latin name in a oollege catalogue. " Grass "widow", has been corrupted from " Grace widow," meaning a di vorced wife, or a widow by grace of the law. Genl. Q. Morton of Shelby, Ky„ has a variety of pop corn which is popped by the beat of the sun if left in tbe field long enonght. A sign in front of a grocery store in Harrisburg, Pa., boars the inscription, " Preasants given awa more useful ns kromers." A man who has travelled said it did not take him long to find oat that the brakesmon own all tho railroads, and the clerks all the hotels. A Detroit woman wants to set her eyes on the femnle who can empty a pan of ashes and riot have the wind blow half of it back into her face. This is " the off-year." Yes, and Bill Allen, and Cary, and' Voorhees, and the rest of the repudiators, wish it was a good' further off. i , It is said that a girl lately sang " Dar ling, I am growing old," with an ex pression so pertinent and forcible that a procrastinating lover was brought' to timo on the spot. The Detroit philosopher thinks it is the best way not to make a will. If you do make one the lawyers will prove you to be an idiot or lunatic, and take the property for proving it. Missouri sheriffs allow a oondemned prisoner to lie down in his coffin and Bee if it will fit, and allow him other privi leges, such as seeing the scaffold built, feeling the rope, etc. A lunatic in Philadelphia has a postal card with over 4,700 words written upon it and he expects to add 2,000 more words, making 6,700 in all. It is to be sent to the Centennial Exhibition. " Love is blind," says Miss Mary E. Chancy, the banker's daughter of Se- dalia, Mo., as she marched up to the altar and allied her hand and fortune to those of tho blind leader of tho town band, despite the strenuous opposition of her parents. The ghosts which haunted a Massa chusetts Bchool-house for months, and frightened one teacher into spasms, turns out to have been a torn cat in the garret. This need not, however, prevent any one believing in fiery-eyed ghosts. It was in Indiana ; and she applied for a divorce. " Did he give you clothing enough ?" said the Judge. " I lived with him nineteen years," said she', " and all tho clothes that he ever bought me were a bunch of hair pins and a tooth brash." To know how to keep a tidy houso and well-aired apartments ; to know how to select the best kinds of food ; to know how to prepare them in the best manner — these are the first things, and every daughter should Ieara thorn before marriace. The verdict of the .coroner's jury- in the oaso of a Detroit dry goods clerk who died suddenly the other day was : " After a careful examination, wo find that death ensued from his having nogleoted to ask ' Anything else to-day ?' of a lady leaving the store." Bed Bank has six lawyers and ton law students, and yet people over in the United States always refer to Now Jersey' as a country where the inhabi tants live in quiet, rural sweet content, and Aroadian simplicity and poncoful- ness. When a citizen of Rochester is blown into tho dreamy hereaftor by a kerosene lamp explosion, tho gas company officials | grimly remark: '' Gomes o' figbtiu! agiu honest monopoly.". A Dane has invented nn arraDgomont to talco tho place' of crutches, by which a cripplo can go fast or slow up or down stairs without touebiug bis foet to the ground or working but ono arm. Ab, tbat eager grasp of tho hand ; that anxious inquiry nbout your wifo nnd tho babies ; tbat kindly solioitudo concerning your financinl wolfaro ; yes, there's no mistaking it. He's a candidate. " Does n blue hitching-post look belter than a red one ?" is tbo quostion which ngitatos Duluth and sends the hot blood of excitement coursing through tbe veins of her most lethargic citizens. A merchant, writing to an agent in Africa, requested bim to sond him " 1 or 2 " monkeys, and, as lio wrote a careless hand, he shortly aftorward received 1,002 monkeys, all alive and in good condition. Tho quostion as'to whether it is spelled whisky or whiskey is still debated. The Gbieago Times virtually, decidos tho question by remarking tbat nino men out of ten take their whisky with " ease." May we not mention tho fall of 1875 in years to corho, as the dark aud gloomy period ? — Rochester Democrat. Nobody, wo think, will object to your sponking of it as such if it pleases you. A Montgomery, Ala., paper says: " There is a merchant in Montgomery who has goods on his shelves, bought in New York in 1865. He never advortised in his life and prefers to keep his goods to seeing his name in print." . Spanish proverbs — A trne hidalgo would rather have bis clothes torn than mended. The devil climbs the belfry by the vicar's skirts. A turn of the key is better than a friar's promise. Tho; friar who begs for God begs for two. The Anti-lift-your-bat-to-n-woraan As sociation of Louisville, may be a meri torious organization, but tbe most press ing social demand just now is for aNever-give-up-your-seat-in-n-street-ear- except-to-an-old person League. The coal combination are credited with having resolved upon a general suspen sion of production, . beginning nbout the middle of December, with a view of using up tbe supply on hand and forcing up prices by a forged scarcity. The Lehigh and Wilkesbarre Company put their men on three-quarters time. President Orton of the Western Union Telegraph Company, says that for all telegraph purposes the English language is from 25 to 88 per cent, cheaper than the French, German or any other lan guage, and that tbe economy of its use has been thoroughly established. Dancing, is said to be on the decline in London, and polite society appears to be acting on the hint given by tho Shah of Persia when ho inquired of the Princo of Wales at n ball, " Why don't you employ servants to do this for you ?" The amusement is being relegated to the ballet corps. The ignorance of foreigners is some thing superb. Dumas has written an American novel, in which a coon chases a couple of yonug United States lovers up a tree, and then tries to get at them by gnawing through tho trunk. Dumas says tho Virginia coon is as large as a yearling calf. Daring a speech the other night a prominent member of the Boston Com mon Council made the sage remark that a wise man changes his mind ofton, and a fool never, and in the next breath exclaimed, " I have not changed my mind," nnd then ho wanted to; know what the other members were laughing at. : : : Dickons arid Thackeray were walking in Oovent Market ono day, when they came to a place where there were two piles of oysters inn window, one pile boing marked ninepenco a dozen and tbo other sixpence a dozen. ' Thackeray stood with his hands behind himj. nnd said to Dickens, " How they must hate each other. Mrs Starrett, of Lawrence, Kansns, asks : " What shall we do with our daughters ?" :And a farmer further down the country' asks : " What shall we do with our com?" These are important and all-important questions, which ad dress themselves forcibly to all thinking people. As one of these latter we beg to suggest a solution. Lot us feed our corn to our daughters. ' A gentleman residing in Cincinnati line recently, proved bis devotion to science by allowing himself to be stung by twenty-one consecutive bees. He took his stings at tho rate of one dose per duy, and consequently was in a perfectly stung condition for no loss than three weeks. He wished to learn if tho system could be reiidered proof against tho bee- stingB by repeated innoeulation, arid he claims to have proved that it can.' Two or tbreo months ago a ;Detroiter started to build bim d house, and ns bo had always heard his wife "jawing around" about the inok of : closets in houses, he determined to give her nn agreeable surprise. She went up with him a day or two ago, and ho pointed out eleven different closets to her, and asked: "Now, what' do you say ?" "Well," she replied, after another : look around, " if there was another closot off the hall I'd be willing to live and die here!" 