TUOTllX'G COB.' .^rcnil '1' the liluck Swamp. ?HBRH a.l.p.o. RjnHHj^Hirk and wet night this'!! bo .Jack, BH^DHr iu/ tipfor it,aiul the Iliad: Swamp's ni^Brto muoli for a cattlu camp.' ' Tlio covu ain't going to camp there, is he?' exclaimed Jack Johnson in very percep tible alarm. ?' Don't sou where else' answered his com panion : 'there's 110 uiaco between hero aud there, lujtd the cattle have conn: a tidy stage to-day as it is, and it ain't such a very bad spot, si) why the devil should'ivt wo camp there ?' ; — ? ? * - - ' Why should'nt we ? why cos of the trottiu' c.ob.' '* 'And- who'so the trotting cobwhon he's at. home '?' ~ ?' Oh stack it now, gammon you never beared of uiia ; 1 . thought you'd travelled this, road, afore,- why he's bin here this ten years, aud you must a' Iieercd oHum ifyou'vo bin in these tiarts.' (it have heard tell of him, t just now ; any way I sup tty .tail trotter, what could iles in ?' sre Jim,' said Jack with a 3 far as iii- the regard of tried, mind if you he tried '.me than, it would take you' ison, why man' the ttottin' 1 bio wed' and Jim with the 'a all idle superstitions of igh seorotly wishing that i information regarding it to ?ou I camped at tho Black b of fat sheep last year, and thing; of any trotting cob, lont believe in ghosts ; cs -f horses ; well y?u are a low them yarns.' right, have it yer own way chap as sor him — -or him,' l his own eyes' a black cob i short tail, and a man on i head, and as to you not. you was with the sheep, I teil you why ; the man .as killed at the swamp one cattle, and ho only knocks, s a mob of cattle camped ou've got the middle watch so you'll have a .chance of l think you're going to no-ghost stories.- which is Riiantly, but somewhat jrospect of the middle ' Here's the cove, any-? what he thinks of your scant, and was at once f all ' information with :pected eqnino visitor. that in the event of gers .among the cattle s there; it was custom ss equestrian to ride the cattle in every rli happencd that on this icked up a young steer, ficewe had cut him out lluwed up, aud rejoined enco. near the ' Black d to let him stay with 11 owing day ; then, on fenct!, to leave him be hind. ' : Jack was decidedly for cutting him out be fore reaching1 the camp, to' avoid any un pleasantness with tho trotting cob .'or his ghostly rider. Jim, while stoutly denying the remotest belief in gliosis in generai, and the ghost of a. cob in particular, supported Jack's view of the case, on the plea that tho steer might draw the cattle off tho camp.. However I ?would hot knock the cattle about, to take him out again until I could put a fence be tween us. The sky was still overcast with black i.ewinu had begun to die away, and -ps of- ram were falling, when we ttfe camp, and as I had no trreat fiui's courage, since I had heard him arions inquiries respecting the trot , in a would-be indifferent tone, ?ertheleijs betrayed considerable an ut-mised ..that he would in all pro :eep in closer proximity to the fire altogether consistent with tho safe f the cattle. I therefore -resolved ir the morning watch to him, . and responsibility of meeting the head myself. ohnson had the watch immediately precauing mine, and called me at .^eleven, o'clock when J found the night cleared,, and though the cattle were somewhat restless, .1 had no difficulty in keeping1 them, and to wards two o clock wljen I called Jim .they were nearly all laying down, and I went and turned in, I had not however been' asleep very l»ng. when ! .fancied I heard tlie cattle ruoving away, and springing out- of bed hastily threw on my clothes and found Jim fast asleep with his horse's bridle in his hand »-;r(d half the cattle off the camp. I Administering a stern rebuke to the de linquent sleeper; I jumped on his horse and soon had them together again ; but feeiing no inclination to sleep, I told him to go to his bed as [ intended to keep watch till morn ing myself. X hild il ot been long up the second time, vhen J fancied I heard the sounds oi' a horse ipppo aching in the instance. I listened in f£ntty'ai|d found that they became more anil 3io.ro aistiiict, tuul on 'looking in the direc tion from whence they proceeded, I saw two Balls'' of fire' advancing rapidly towards me; while their light revealed the dark-outline of a horse and rider. ^J-jim not. naturally superstitious ; but on Lhat il«sount the reader must not be sur prised tl^at I felt overcome with a feeling of awe as ti^is mysterious light approached, nearer and nearer it came, till f could plainly discern the figure of a man in the garb of 'a ?ick horjje from Jjui'ved seemed b,' [' muttered s I marked his of horror, oh II ess. L'en placed iu a and felt littlo ,t J knew to be igo slowly, but id rider passed Sly own. horse th a feeling of every limb. -wl,v round the ention of closely eaih came more le was gono, and wuld have boun »ha cause of the optical dalusion I had wit nessed ; for such I felt it must liavo boon. Some of the cattle wore cropping out to feed and I rods gently round for tho purpose of turniug them. My horse, at this raomont, seemed to be tray the samo fooling of uneasiness and l'oar that ho had displayed while tho headless spectre rode past, but though I looked round in every directiou I could see nothing un usual. Couio Garry ! (said I striking the spur into his side), what's wrong with you old hoy; ghost or no ghost we must not lot tho cattlo get away. But as I spoke tho whole mob began to rush about in all directions, and to my horror I distinctly saw the headless ridor gallop his horso into the midst of them and single out the steer I hav.o beforo mentioned, aud drive it rapidly past me. ' Good God I' I thought, is it then pos sible that I liavo been deceived in believing that supernatural visitants wore merely tho creations of tho imagination, and now thoroughly frightened, nnd heedless of tho cattle I urged my horse towards tho camp fire, but Garry — as if paralysed with a fear us great as my own refused to stir an inch. Again and again I struck him with whip and spur, but.- my remonstrances had no effect. ' What the deuce shall I do?' I ex claimed, while a cold perspiration bedewed by forehead, for I am not ashamed to say that a feeling of terrible' awe aud fear 'had crept over me. ' Remain' cried a deep and hollow voice, and turning, I beheld my ter rible visitor within a few paces of me, but this time waving in its hand a flaming sword. I was powerless to uttar a single word, while nearer and nearer the spectre advanced. '? Remain,' it repeated, (while the words soemad to issue from the cavity of its chest) 'and moel thy doom, liadst thou been hon est I had never troubled thee, but detected iu dishonesty thy sentence is passed and thy doom sealed.' What -have ? I- done, I muttered, feebly. . ' What you contemplated stealing' replied the voice. ?' I have returned to its owner and you know it.' ' But I intended,' I gaspei1. 'You intended,' (said tho spectre, repeating my words, with a loud mocking laugh) 'to re store what you had taken at some future time; all who commit theift m.iy urge the same plea, but tliy pleading is iu vain. The fiat has gono.. forth, thy doom pronounced, and thy execution at hand. For ten long years have I kept my vigil here, and here I must remain t:ll time shall be no more. Justice claims that thou shalt.die, and die. thou siialt. Here my terrible judge advanced', waving the flaming sword above my head, and was about to strike, when— 'It's broad daylight' said -Jim, awaking me from one of- the most doleful dreams it h'as:been:'my -lot' to; exper- ience;-'*'' - ^ 