MELBOURNE. Friday, Tlio Property and Incomo Taxes liuvo boon passed. Tho Treasurer statod that owing to tlio ilolay which had tnkon place in tho adoption of tho budget resolutions, thoro would bo a debit balance at tlio oml of tho your of £56,715, in- stowl ot a surplus of £34,000. Mr. MclCoun, who ib still in tho custody of the sorgoaiit-at-arms, is in u curious prodicn- mont, as it is found that a resolution for his reloase, having boou oneo negatived, cannot bo again put this session. Postal. — Mails for tho north closo this even ing at tho usual hours. Laurel Bank.— It is announced in auothor ooluiu that tlio Laurel Bauk Meat Preserving Works will re-opou for tho season on Mondav next. DnuNKENKKSs. — Ono inobriiito wns brought boforc the Police Mngistruto, yesterday lnoru- iug, cautioned, nnd discharged. ' Hospital.— The state of the hospital for the week onding Maroh 17th, 1876 , was as follows ; — Admitted during tho wook, males 12, females 1; discharged during tho wook, males 11, females, 3 ; roinaining in hospital, males -15, females 3, total 48; 4 patiouts in spooial ward Vagaries of Drunkenness.— Strango freaks aro attempted by mon in thoir cups ; but tho latest vngary— for which wo nro iudobted to tho Coohtown Herald — is tho moBt absurd that lias lately eomo uudor our notice. A drunken man and his dog— a largo Newfoundland— wont into tho river or bay to bathe. Tho man re gained terra firma, but his dog was bitten in two hv n fihftrlr. ' "RnnVlnsui nnd vninmLiI \- - -y " — . -Ml V VULl 111) tuu man arming biirisolf with a penknife, mndo a rush for tho water in ordor to fight tho shark, but wns forcibly restrained by tho bystanders who thus saved his life. ' Maoio Soup.— Mr. Joyce, of tho Quoon's Hotol, hns 'turtle soup twioo a wook, viz., on Tuesdays and Thursdays. It is vory good soup, but wo novor heard that it possessed any magioul effects ; and in this respoot nlono it is far behind tlio Cooktown : artiolo. A hotel- keeper thoro got hold of a gfeon turtle woigli- ing about fivo hundredweight, and tlio Herald, having an oyoto tho Roup, &o.;,oxolaiined, in ono of its latest issuos— " Lovers of tho gnstro- noraio scicnco will have now an opportunity of realising all their fancies ! " Horo is a sub- ject for immediate enquiry. Whonoo enmo tho groou turtlo ? ' He smaoks of tho supernatural —of tho " wishing cap " period. Did ho como " from ! Oboron, in Fairyland ? " Or whoro f Novor inindl Tho soup— tho magic soup— is just tho very thing needed here. We, lilt our neighbours, havo many fancies that wo cannot —and probably never will— renliso. But if we had this soup — this oroator of opportuiriti C9— what might, wo not nocomplish 1 Just oat a pinto of turtlo, and thon !— tho world is nt your servico! Unfortunately, Cpoktown must bo all ugog about it, and thero will bo hoiio left for outsiders — unloss, indood,- another groon turtlo should turn up. Tho Herald says that your- mands oan bo' accommodated in their own jugs." This is an unkind ont. , Tho "f stono jug", is ovidontly tho ono intended ; and thoro is a oovort comparison botwoon turtlo soup and skilly. Nevertheless, thoro aro doubtless others in Cooktown besides gourmands who uro de serving of iuearoeortjou. Ball. — A soiroo and ball iu oelobration of tho anniversary of Ireland's Groat ApoBtlo, St. Patriok, took plaoo last night at tho School of Arts. Tho attendance was largo, aud nuniorous groups of oagcr sight-soors orowdod tho on- tranco gnto and thronged tho onolosiiro. A capital band was in attendanco, and thoro was a ivoll-solootod programmo. Mr. Maoalistor ably disohiu'gcd tho dutiosof M.C., and all wont merry as a marriage hull.'- .Tlio dcoorations — many of thorn floral — wore vory tasteful. Ovor tho orchestra woro tho omblomatio harp, and tho words "Cnod Millo Fnilthn." Danoiug was kopt up till un oarly hour in tho morning) whou a plonsaut reunion wns brought to a oloso. Ship Desertion. — Goorgo Willonghby was brought up nt tho Folioo Court yostordny morn ing, on roinaml, for deserting from tho. harquo T'oowoombn, ploadod guilty, and was sontonood to twolvo wooks' imprisonment in Roolchampton gaol. The Holiday.— Tho influonoo of St. Patrick is wonderful — yot not nll-porvndlng. Extend ing over many oonturios, it mudo itsolf felt yostordny in a pleasing form — that. of a publio holiday. In. tho , morning ivo woro sooptionl. Tlio majority of tho shops woro opon, and wo felt sure that tho powor of tho apostlo — so far as .relates to tho dulee— had not rouohod this out-of-the-way plaoo, or only foobly and fit fully, liko tlio opouii cablo current. But wo wore mistaken. St. Patriok gained as tho day ndvaucod, aud by tho afternoon lio waB in tho asnnnrlailt--lloariv all thn ,,..;nnipnl firma haviug.put up- tlioir.shuttors. Tlio two oxouraious— by land aud wntor— woro but sparingly patronised, many pursous boing on- gaged in businoss, and tlio woatbor looking unsottlcd rind threatening. Tho afternoon i liowovor, turned out fino, and Cromorne Gar- dons had a considcrahlo numbor of visitors, A Lesson.— Shipowners, masters of 'vessols and othors, aro ofton put to groat inconveni ence through soatnon deserting their posts, ro- " fusing . duty, and tho liko. Wo havo soon nuriierous iustaucos of this lately ; and. somo- tinio ago a warrant was issued for tlio arrest of a dosortor from tlio Toowoomba. Tho man was secured' just after tbo vessel, had sailed for London, and yesterday wns sent to gaol for three months, to reflect upon tlio folly of his conduct. Such fellows are iapt to look slightingly upon' offoncos of this description, anticipating at tho most only a wook or two's inonropratiou. But thoy aro doBtinod to bo uuocaonod, ris our Polico Mugistrato— Mr. T. Pugli is ovi- j lu jji vu luu.u luu juu uononc of tlio law. In tho prosont 'ease, fortunately, tho offender plonded guilty ; niid tho oauso of law aud order, us well us tho rights of oiri- ptoyers, ivoro amply vindicated; ' Orchard Makino. — For tho information of tlioso who contemplate sottling down to home comforts, and tho pleasures of .a fruit garden, wo would say that this tho proper season of tho year for ninkiug tlm preparations nocossary for planting. Late planting is this dime to iB extremoly hazardous aud in i majority of cases is bound to bo prolifio of nothing but disappoint ment nnd vexation. Most settlors and dwellers in tlie suburbs of tho town who tako any prido in thoir homos, liko to linvo tho fruits of tho season of thoir own raisiug, and to n vory grout oxtont thoy may do it if thoy will. May or early June can ho especially roeoni- tnondod for tho gonornl planting'- of treos and shrubs, but to do so noocssitntcs previous preparations, aud in proportion to tho nnturo aud suflicionoy of these preparations will bo tho results obtained. Much disappointment lias boon oxporionood horo and olsowhoro in cu"BC4"u"':o of inmiftloiont preparations for the young trees, aud in no onso aro wo awaro of satisfactory results boiug ohtniuod without duo ciiro aud attention nil through frpm tlio timo of first planting until tho crops wero gathorod. Negligonco rind innttontion aro moat unprofit able olomouts in all horticultural matters, ana iu nothing ;moro so tlrau tlio growing of fruit. Tlioro is plenty of ground in nnd around, Rock- hampton woll adapted for pvoduoing tho orange, lemon, limo, citron, shaddock, pome granate, fig, gunva, mango, jaok fruit, mil iborry, pinenpplo nnd banana to porfoction, hut not without toil nnd troublo. As well try to livo without eating as to gather tho fruits of an orchard without cultivation. Good soil for treos is always opon and froo for tho roots to travel in houoath, and in this climate, so. liablo to the extremes of drought nnd dolnire. il honvy subsoil without good natural or arti ficial drainngo is in tho liighost dogroe un satisfactory. Good results may bo obtained with poor soil woll drained and woll worked, if tho subsoil is stoney and free, whilo anything but satisfactory results will result from tho best Of soil under other ciroumstaucbs. To onsure rapid growth in trees of any kind, thore must bo n good depth of well worked soil for the roots to move in. Trenohing whon tho sub soil is not lioavy or tenacious is spooially to bo commended, but if thoro is any nppronoh to tenacity in tlio subsoil, tho hotter plan is to sliapo tho lands liko a ploughed field into ridge and furrow, giving thereby oightoou inohos of soil for tho roots iu tho oontro of tho ridgo, tlio furrow sorving the purposo of a drain. "Whoro planting on n largo soalo is thought of tlie pre parations wehero recommend may bo mndo with the plough followed by a subsoilor, and. thereby done economically : nnd if suffioiont space is allowed afterwards in planting, thoro is no reason why much of tho after work of tho' orchard should not bo dono with tho Woo hoo or scarifier, and therefore more economi cally than by hand labour. It is high timo that our solootors mado somo attempts to mako thoir homos moro attractive nnd comfortable, and wo are 'certain that tho labour nnd oxporiso bostowod upon a good orohard is abundantly returned in tho long run to tho fortunate possossor. Iob 1 Iob 1 Ice ! — loo driuks can now he had at "J. Hart's, Fruiterer, Enst-stroot, opposite old Court Houso,' and adjoining J. Hart's olieap toy wnrohouso. . Toe for salo.— Adv. The Fruits of Civilisation.— Mr. Stanloy, who hns discovered in tho heart of Africa a mild and courteous lciug holding sway ovor two million subjects, thinks the existence of this nation affords tho best augury for the possiblo civilisation of that continent. Wo should say not : tho mounroh is a Mussulman, and his< subjoots aro of the samo faith. All tho Christian missionaries who oau bo spared from othor fields of misobiof will bp immedi ately turned Ioobo amongst this simple folk, and tho noxt generation will bo liars, ohonts, cut-throats, and members of Young Mou's Christian Associations. Rum, smallpox, art, nthciBm, commorce, arid qunok doctors will succeed in heaven-appointed sequence, the douestio hippopotamus will take the zoot, women will go in for pull-bnek dresses, and mon will ran for office. Soma onemy of his will finally introduce. ..the common-school system, which these misguided people will embrace until the "grant nnaroh," Popular Education, — Lots the ourlsln fall, . Ami universal ilarkmiss covors ull, . Then athwart tlio gloom shnll flit tho ghost of tho Town Grior, liko a visible voieo, crying iu tho wilderness, " I told yoq so '.".—San Fran- fiscg. Newsletter. A Maori Murderer.—' tlio Weekly Mercury Bays tho loading Maori oliiofs. of Hnwko's Bay, on thondvico of Mr. John Bhdohan, linvo takon prompt notion1 in tho matter of tho foul murder rcoontly committed by tho misoranut Winiutn. Tlio cliiofs of Horotunga havo written to tlio Mnori King strongly urging liim to refuso protection to tho niurdoror in lho ovont of that man Booking rofuge in his country. Witiintn is a Ngatoinnhutn, tlio King's tribe, and 1ms soveral relations at To Kuiti ; tho Hawko's Bay chiefs nsk Tnwhiao to ignore tho tribal re lationship, and to givo tho niurdoror up to justico. Cheap Gas. — A destructively closo com petition is going on botwoon tlio throo rival gas companies in Molbourno. and its neighbor hood. As a consequence, thu prico of gas has boen roduood from 9s, to 5s. 8d. per 1000 cubic foot, at which rato it is said tlio supply is rondorod at a loss to tlio shareholders. The Ago anticipates tlint tho result will bo n com bination to rooonp lossos, arid says : — " It has now como to bo generally admitted iu England that tho supply of gas is ono of tlioso things which should ho undertaken by tlio, munici palities rather tlinn by private compnnics. Iu every case whoro this has boou done, tho supply of gas has proved to bo hotter and chonpor thau undor tho old system.'.' It con cludes by suggesting thnt tlio timo lias come for tho Corporation to oxcroisc its powor of buying up tho works of ono of tho companies. Electionkiung.— Mr. Moody, who lntoly contested a soat iu Wollington, N.Z., haB furnishod tlio Taranakt Budget with nn aocount.of his electioneering cxporioncos. Ho Ciajro «Onoo Blurt ou t!,o trade aa u M.II.Il., and you will have to bid farewell to pooco, happiness, sloop, or comfort of nny kind, anil in their place you will ho pestered with a lot of smirking, loafing, pandering, flattering parasites. - 1 n9siBtod iu the general' clcotion in England in 1868, whioli resulted in tlio dis establishment of tho Irish Church— tlio Into oicction decided upon by open voting, ami I say deliberately tlint I , novor mot with such dcspicablo political ohnraotors as hnvo orossod my path during tho rocont elections in Wol lington. I say this not in bitlnrucsB of spirit of boiug nt tho bottom of tho poll, for I novor expected to bo otherwise. I wont iuto it for a purposo. My purposo was gnitied." Encounter with an Alligator.—' Tho C. B. lix.pre.ss says: n fisliorman wns quietly en gaged on the evening of the thirtieth ultimo iu piscatory pursuits. Passionately fond of dogs, it wns liis custom to tako somo of thom with him in liis fishing punt, and on this occnsion five of hiB faithful ennino frionds nccompnuied him. Ho anchored his punt off tho slaughtorynrd on Ross Crook, and -had been thero for about nil hour wlion his atten tion was drawn to nn iinmonso nlliontm' wliinl. slowly swarm round and round tlio punt. His length was estimated nt somothing be tween forty fivo nnd fifty foot (our informant said yards, but was ovidontly still suffering from tho oitoots of fright.) Ho appronchod tlie punt nnd witli n slinrp hark soizod one of the , dogs with liis foropaws and drew it undor tho surface of tho water. Ho reappeared in loss than a minute squoaking like a pig, and with a rush helped himself to nuothor canine. Again nnd again ho rcpoatod this until the fifth dog had been tnkon, and thou the para lysed fisherman nwoko to a keen sonso of. tlio por.sonnl dnnger he liimsolf would run if he remained until tho hugo saurian enmo again to the surface in pursuit of "moro dog." Grasping tho pnddlos, ho strained ovory norvo to fly tho spot, pursuoil ulosoly by the nlligntor who mndo sovornl inoffoctitnl attempts to olnw him. Somo conception of tho oxtrcino peril of this unfortunate man will bo gathered from liis assertion that both heols of his boots nnd portion of his right ear woro bitten off by tho iarocious animal. Despornlion at last norvod tho mnn. Holding both paddles in ono hand —as tho alligator lifted himself on to the punt —ho with liis othor hand graspod a tomahawk lying lit hiB feet and dc.ilt.such n blow that tho keoti stool entered tho brain of tho saurian who with ono life-departing strngglo lashed out witli his trail, Bmaaliing tho punt into atoms. Tlio man swam to tlio shore, and imodiatoly ran up to our office with tho iutoligenoo. Tlio unfortunate follow was palo with liis fright and no doubt his hnir would have turned white woro in not for tbo foot that lie is bnld bonded. IIo spoko tearfully of tlio loss of liis dogs, nnd sponking (still in ovidciut terror) of tho iinmonso size of thoir cruel destroyer ob served thorn novor was suph an alligator,"— Wo bclievo tlio latter iissortion 1 During last year 608 pints of tho red St. Hubert 'colonial wino woro used at tlio Mel bourne Club. Tho Argus says Hint tho con sumption of our winos in presonoo of imported French hoing nonrly one-third of tho whole is an encouraging fnot. Tho Knramu Plnin, Napior, lias been more dooply covered by a flood than lias over boon known boforo. At tho hoight of tho flood. t.lin tt'nfni tuno unnVi n <1 nntL U,..t nr_ D»w OUU" M Iiliub, Ull JILL Oruiond's farm, cattle woro saved by being mado to swim ovor tho top ' of tlio fences. Tho into rains havo raised tho WniUaoromonna Luko twolvo foot abovo its ordinary lovol. Tlio area of tho lake is about ono hundred square uiilos, and, tliorofore, tho amount of surpltiB wator wliioli must find an" outlot by tho Wnikaretaliiki aud "Wairoa rivers, oan'uot bo loss thon 193 billions. 600 millions gallons. Southland ',Nsws. A New York lecturer, tlio Ror. Mr. Mor gan, is reported to havo said that it costs as much to launch a woman on tho sea of life in theso times us it would to fit out a small solioonor. As to sails, cordugo, pounnnts, nnd stronmors, tlio difforonoo, ho thought, was iu favor of t.lio schooner. 