''STELLA'S' LETTER. pADta Pouur AtlV— -M ARCH. Thb ' Cotillion,' as the wind-up of a fashionableball, is now in even higher. favour than ever, and the variety of figures introduced into, it, as of the toys and emblems carried by thedtncera, Ray with ribands and flowers, ia now so great that the providing of thes6 pretty and picturesque trifles has come to be a rather costly item of such enter t&inments.; These accessories, in some of the last of the balls at the Tnileries,coBt £480 each time. Lots of similar trifles, for the same purpose, at the same price, have just been sent off to the Russia^ Court, where they will have to wait for a few ?weeks before being used. The death of the amiable Grand Duchess M*™, sister of the Czar, and greatly beloved by the whole oi the Imperial family, has caused a temporary suspension of the courtly festivities that had been announced for the present 'season.' The favourite accessaries for the cotillion are obtained of the weU-tnown house of Giroux, whose display of New Yew's gifts ie always one of the mcst brilliant of this city, and as ' new figures, with new accessories to correspond, are in , vented by that house from week to week, the dancers of the capital have enough to do in keeping up with the imaginative activity of the favourite 'furnisher.' The new figures called 'The Volunteers of one Year,' ' The European Mosaic,' ' The Scrip of the City of Paris,' we marvels of taste and .ingenuity, and offer groups of moving colour that really form a charming spectacle. The duties of the pair of dancers who are chosen 'Ac lead the cotillion ' are, however, sufficiently onerous, for there are some cotillions that consist of no fewer than rixty figures. And the cotillion, be it remembered, is only the finishing of the evening's amusement, which couies to an eBd with the conclusion of its figures. The most magnificent ball that has been given daring the present winter, and one that will not probably be rivalled this year, is the splendid affair lately givea to the Crown Prince end Princess of Germany, on their visit to Dresden, by the King and Queen of Saxony. The striking up of the national air announced the entrance of their Majesties and the Imperial guests, with the Royal family and Court, for whom a raised platform had been prepared at the upper cad of the ballroom. The Crown Princess was in white tatia ;? at her left side tbe fluttering blue ribbons of an order, and on her left shoulder a number of orders, her favourite ornaments. Her hair, neck, and p.rms glittered witb diamonds and emeralds. Queen Carola wore white satin, embroidered with tilver, tbe same orders as the Crown Princess, a neck lace of enormous amethysts, and diamond dtadem aud bracelets The King wore a white domino, the Crown Prinre a Jong dark blue domino, with the order of the Garter on his left knee. Princess Goirpe wan in striped white and blue, extremely picturesque ; Prince Giorge in a dark grey domino, trimmed with red. Most splen did scenes from European history were * repre rented by groupB of fair dames and cavaliers, ?who went through a series of tableaux vivani, without speaking; after which each set formed a quadrille. There were Polish quadrilles iu costume, of wonderful historical f.ccuracv and rich cess; quadrilles of huntsmen and ladies in green and gald, \fith head- dresses and orna ments of the period represented; postillion quadrille3, equally well got up, and the gentlemen blowing post-horns at the proper intervals; quadrilles a la Wattcau with youths and maidens as shepherds and shepherdesses of exquit-ite prettiness; a 'pantaloon dance,' the most amun'ng of the evening ; after which, the splendid group that hud represented the reception, in the ICth century, of the Polish deputation that came to the French Court to offe r the crown to Henri of An jou, brother of Charles IX., made the tour of tlie ballrooms, presenting a most inagnifi cent spectacle. After this, the ball proper began, the King dancing with the Crown Princess, and ihe evening passiug off inos-t successfully. ELECTION ECCENTRICITIES. A curious book might be made up with the placards of the rival candidates in the late elections, which have re turned to lnrgea m-jority of the ''Hidieal' party to the Senate and Legislative Chamber. Some of those effusions are curiosities in their way. Here is a specimen, translated litemliy fr--ni tho original : — '? Thar cifttofs of the Canton of Hcthuue, of Ifoudain, of LiUns, and of Aorrcnt-FotUes — ' ' 1 quit the ari'ondhfewent of Saint-Pol, in which I had obt.nii.ed a great number of votes, but aU my riv.ils have got off withnuly a tcore. Frenchmen! 1 desiro \o make knoivn my intentions- — ' 1. Freedom to grow tobacco, in order tint all men and oil wemen may smoke, and take snuff at much as they lite, ai d with' u\ hiving t - pay too high a price for it ; as for the prire of tobacco and snuff, I will fix them when you li \ e in k tailed me in the Legislative Assembly. 2\. 1 will irnpot-o a heavy fine on all unmarried men ai;t' W(.men who do not. marry, in Christian style, at the age oi t tin ty. ' 3, I will build an asylum at Pontoise to put M. I.eviri in it, with all the men who had large pensions ntdi r the Empir- of Napoleon III. ' -i. I -do not know n.uch of a.nricxilture ; but all the nuno* -.'n] o'e n 1 1 1 . know no more about it than I do. ' i-. 1 I'uKe* e ihit my presence will be useful in the Nutim'O Assembly. I will go there in my pilgrim's gar n'CLtMi&d; uj\ i-- y. t-. give respite to all the violent par tis T.B. ' .u-' ept, -'i.m 1 1' ct -rs, the assurance of my perfect con sidrr ii n— ;Th ? Pnv'iiii of St. Habext, Bara, commonly cij.'ii ' Fsulior L'.ke.' THE CONSCRIPTION, r.-,r a f .rii. ght i.ist, tbe drawing of lots for the csn scnr.ti.j:j ha.- i ei-i; g-'ing on incessantly, and tbe streets have b t-i tilled wit I. b nas «f young fellows, scarcely more than boy.-, uiuichiug nps:ly in long rows, holding one another bv tl.o bund, « ith u..: number each has drawn stuck like a ct'.ckar.e iu his hai, and bunches of ribands, long streamers ot the umioluI i- iioura (blue, white, and red) depending frciu the f-Hnsc. Tlx unlucky fellows make it a rule to f j ei.il in dm.!; j.nd rough feasting the money given them by ti.e t.iitc, v, -u a the Utter thus takes possession of them. Ail lienrh mules if the required age are now liable to military eoivic.;, t '-r those who draw 'a good number' only stive f. -r ri,\ n^ntha, whereas those who draw 'a bad nunibn ' rv.i i:i : hi ee years. The new regiments are mostly composed of mere lads, of small build, and anything but imposing The streets have also been much taken possession of by companies of radicals sing ing the ' Marseillese ' at the top of their voices. the conscript- in many cases, have fraternised with them, and have shouted. between each stanza of that ominous song, the still more ominous words, ' Vive la Commune!' A good many or' the latter have consequently been arrested by the police ; but the spirit which found vent in the grotesque atrocities of the Commune is still rife in a certain low-lying region of the social world of this capital, and openly aspires to the government, not only of this city, but of France in general RELIGIOUS PARTIES. The Conservatives of all shades are much alarmed by the results of tho elections; the Catholic party being the most excited' by the reappearance of ' The Red Spectre.' The lucubrating of the ultra-Catholic and Legitimist Univers are especially curious. Take, as a sample of the jeremiads in which this paper is expressing its uneasiness, the fol lowing description of the present state of France from the pen of M. Louis Veuillot, its warlike chief editor : — ' These Paris elections are the continuation of the massacre of the hostages, and further, a revenge for the pilgrimages. The movements to which, from fear or stupidity, the middle-class is so prone, are well-known. At Byzantium the city was, ' Rather the Crescent than the Tiara !' They had their wish. Paris repeats the cry : it 'will soon undergo the same ordeal. At certain periods, when the people have long 'been stirred up by writers, speakers, and Governments, the great towns are seized with a ravenous desire to demolish the church-steeples, and that contagion spreads to the rural districts, France appears to have reached that point. The belfry is knocked down, and the falling; stones crash the neighbouring houses. the result being that a number of the bourgeois remain homeless, and many lights are extinguished. Then, by means of the thick night, God avenges himself for long and stupid insults; then, also, those of the middle class who are not killed begin to see clear, and soon set to work to rebuild the church- steeple, and by degrees, as it rises, erect around it humble little houses. But Is just what will happen in France. This will beat down that, and that in falling will crush this ; then it will rise again, and will lift still higher the beneficent cross which purifies and elevates all. Let us not cease to supply hostages, and to make pilgrimages. Now is the time, when the former will ' be plentiful and productive, and when the road of pilgrimages, 'sprinkled with blood, is about to be frequented.' ' BRIDGING THB ENGLISH CHANNEL. Uneasy as the state of France is likely to continue for aome time to come, the efforts of engineers on both sides of ihe Channel are being directed, with unflagging activity, to the work of bridging over 'the silver streak '? between France and England. _ The latest project for the accom plishment of this aim is an ingenious plan of a steam-ferry, designed by Mr. Hugh A. Egerton, of London, which has been tried with full succees. His proposal is to carry whole trains across the Channel in a specially-constructed vessel of immense beam, 2*28 feet wide and 600 feet long; his theory being that, in a vessel of this size, the rolling and pitching motion in crossing the Channel would have been reduced to a minimum Three pontoons, in water tight compartments, and shaped on the lines of a fast sailing yacht, each fitted with two huge paddle-wheels, are connected by twenty-eight transverse girders, such as are used for bridges, upon which may be placed as many decks as are required. The vessel is provided with three engines, and_ no steering apparatus is required, as any one of the engines can be slowed or reversed at pleasure, and spin upon its centre, with the 8a me facility as the Popoffka. No harboure need be required for such a vei-sel, but only right angled piere; and its projector calculates the probable coBt of such a ferry at £100,000. DEATH OP A GREAT PUBLISHER. The decease is announced of the eminent, benevolent, and highly-respected head of one of the principal publishing firms of Europe, Mr. Ambtoise Firmin-Uidot, of this city. The house was established in 1713, by a celebrated family of booksellers of that name, and will be continued by his brother, son, and nephews. He was born in 1790, studied languages and literature under the most able pro fessors of France, And then studied at the Gymnasium of Cydonia, in Greece, in order to perfect his classical studies ; was attached to the French I/egation at Constantinople in 1817 ; was one of tbe founders of the famous Greek Com mittee at Paris, which so powerfully contributed to the liberation of Greece from Turkish domination; assumed the management of bis father's business in 1827, when the latter accepted tbe mandate of Deputy : was elected mem ber of the French Academy (in the section uf ' Inscrio tions Bnd Polite Literature ') ; made many unsuccessful attempts to reform French orthography; was elected to the Municipal Council of Paris, to the Chamber of Commerce, to the Council of Manufactures, &n.t; &c.; He wa6 repeatedly put on the juries of National Exhibitions, was honorary president of the Booksellers' and Printers' Club, and was an officer of the Legion of Honour. During the sixty years of his management of the firm -,-f which he was the head, he was an active mover in all the innovations and improvements of typography during this period ; and the publisher of an array of important works ou every sub ject, so long that their more enumeration would fill a h-savy catalogue. He arranged the affairs of his firm on the basis of a sort of joint-stock company, in which, while h« n tamed in his own hands the sole and entire management of his house, every soul employed on his premises, from the highest to the lowest, was made a shareholder in the concern and received, besides his or her wages, a dividend of the profits propor tioned to the amount of salary or of wages oarn/d by them. A similar plan has been adopted by the great printfae firm of Mame and Co., of Tours, and other important industrial houses, and has always yiellfd admirable remits, in the zeal and contentment of all employed, an. I in the sense of self-respect, of devotion to the Tiimi, and of brotherly interest for all their fellow workpeople, thus developed among all the employes of Ihe Once a year tbe firm of Firmin-Didot gave a grnnd 'vt-: to all those who were employed by it. The proceeHn^s always began by the making of a statement by the head of the hcuse in regard to the incidents and results of tho preceding twelvemonth, and the dividend of each was proclaimed ; the account-books of the year being laid be; ore the assembled workpeople, so that all of them ''.mild examine the book? for themselves, and could satisfy thein elv s that their little dividends were correctly calculated. Besides these dividends, gifts weiethen mado to everyone of the workpeople who had, for zeal, intelligence, soetidl skill, or in any other way, deserved a srecial reward of honour and money. The whole establishment then s*t nown to a capital. dinner, set out, on long tables, in the larse.-t room of the place, handsomely decorated for the onca, ion ; after which the tables were* removed and the dining- -ro m became a ball-rocm, and the dr-n.inpr was kept up fo- a fe.w hours with great spirit, when, nfter a visit to a handsomely appointed buffet, the party broke up, and r. tired to its slumbers. It is hardly necessary to add that -lie death of the employer, whose long ;md active life has beea pro ductive of such marked benefit to all under his direction, has caused great grief to those who have been connected with him. The funeral took place with military honours, the deceased having been a member of the Institute. The pall bearers were M. Wallon, Minister for Pub.ic Instruction, the Minister for Greece, and several high officials c mneoted with learned bodies, members of the Academy, &: Among the persons present were Buron de Rothschild, Count Daru; Hacnette. Plon, and Dentu, tho e-nineut publishers; Messrs. Passy, Laboulaye. Templier, Nisard. Waddington, &c.;, all well-known individualities in conm ction with edu cation, literature, and the Press. Addresses were delivered at the grave, in the Montparnasse cemetery, ticsording to French custom, and the coffin was placed in a temporary vault, previous to its removal to the family vault, in a distant part of the country. DON CARLOS MOVING ON. The savage insurrection that has desolated Spain and scandalised Europe for the last four years has just been terminated by the flight of the most unjustifiable of pre tenders. Driven from one after another of his str jngholds by tbe vigour and skill of the Royal Generals. Don Carlos, with the remains of his staff, passed round this city two days ago by the circular railway, en route for Boulngne-sur-mer. whence he was to pr ceed to London, the French Government having informed him th»t his presence could not be permitted, ' even f ir a single day, on any point of the French territory.' He and his com panions were conveyed from frontier to f r ntier by special bain, and were allowed to retain their swords ; but the party was escorted by a 6t;ong escort ch%rg.;d to see its members safely out of France with all possible celerity. The Spanish Embassy was illuminated on re--epti n of the good news which announced the collapse nf p retentions as illegal as inflated, and of a struggle wlr- h ha« inflicted such enormous mischiefs on Spain. Yesterday, the Si finish Ambassador gave a grand dinner t j -V^'.mite the cloBeof the civil war, and the embassy has biea bes.ejed by crowds of visitors who have called there t j ?u-'tri^e their names in token of congratulation. THE CARNIVAL IN ITALY. Italy has revived, and even surpassed, tV splendours, frolics, and fun of the Carnival of other ii.n -— Home aad Naples having especially distinguished themselves by the brilliance of their djingv?. Not only the mi»st wonderfnl groups of costumes, representing times and events -.nth the j utmost historical accuracy and g--t up regardless of expense —but scenes of great interest and beauty, tigured in the processions ; gardens, citadels, dia,wing-ro nus &p.;, set on wheels, and drawn by many horses, or ux-?n, Le jig inter spersed. One of the most admired at Naple- w as a splendid park scene, the gay dames and cavaliers who took part in it ] shovelling down their masses of white comfits from under the shade of trees and flowering shrubs, among which stjod statues and vasep, Another favourite spectacle was a ship in full sail, thecrew from deckand rigging hurling comfits at the crowd, who returned their fire with interest. Another scene, much admired, was a dining-room, the centre of which j was occupied by a great table ; on the table were twelve | enormous sugarplum boxes, richly ornamented ; and ever and ! anon, the lids of these boxes flew open, aud out leaped from i each, a knight in full armour, who slashed away at the crowd with sharp peltings of the ubiquitous confetti. \ Princess Marghanta, of Rome, the King's morganatic wife j (Countess de Mirofiori) at Naples, were among the most j energetic wagers of the mimic war ; and the King and Royal Prinoe8s went through the town in a resplendent car, , mil arrayed in superb costumes of the middle ages, wel comed at every step by the enthusiastic plaudit j of the | people.* ' O ALARMING FLOODS. Half the rivers of Europe are overflowing their beds, and the inundations are assuming most aiarmiog proportions. In this city, the rapid rising of the Seine is causing great elans the water- is already nearing the tops of the arches of the bridges, has entirely covered all the quays, and is rapidly nearing the top of the parapets. The cellars of all the houses near the river are filling with water, and even those of tlie Hotel de Ville are in the same predicament. A great quantity of merchandise has been damaged, «'»f| even carried away by tbe influx of water. The famous wine depot of Berey is filling fast, and casks of wine are being floated out by the water, and recovered not without diffi culty by the servants of the establishment. The basin of the Seine, beyond the city, iB almost entirely under water, and the injury thus done to property threatens to be verv heavy. In the north of Italy, in Germany, and in Austria, the inundations are working terrible havoc, and have already caused the loss of many lives. The present month, will be long remembered for the enormous disasters it has brought with it. Floods, tem pests, whirlwinds, and furious^ tides have already worked havoc in all the countries of this hemisphere, ana on such a scale that it is impossible to say which has suffered most severely. Everywhere roofs, steeples, walls, and trees are blown down, killing men and beasts. Floods are washing awav the arable land, covering villages, filling, cellars, washing away bouses, lands, bridges, cattle, and stores. Many lives have been lost by drowning; tens of thousands are thrown out of employment by the stopping of mills, factories, and work of all kinds. In this city the overflow of the Seine, which had covered the quays and nearly reached the parapets of the bridges, some days ago, has sent water into the cellars on both sides of the river, to a great distance from the banks. The state of the Seine is sufficiently alarming, and great crowds assembled on the quays adjoining the Bridge of the Invalides, three days ago, in the expectation of seeing that important structure give way ; circulation having been interdicted on that bridge by the authorities, under the belief that a crack had occurred in it. Happily, this fear proved unfounded, and after the engineers had made a new examination of the bridge, it was found to be intact ; and it was on the following day thrown open to the public.- The Seine has rieen somewhat higher than it is at present five times within the present century, but its present, nearly seven metres at the Tournelle Bridge, is sufficiently alarm ing. Th' highest rise of this capricious river on record is that of 1658, when it rose to nearly nine metres, or about nine and half feet higher than now. It then carried away one of the bridges and twenty-two houses, and drowned 120 persons. Although the soil of Paris has risen considerably since then, such a rise would, even now, submerge all the ground from the Rond-Point of the Champs Blysees to the He til de 'Ville, and as far as the Hue St. Lazare. Fortunately for Paris the Seine never rises so rapidly as do some of the other French rivers, which have been known to rise nine feet in twelve hours, and to subside as rapidly. But the present rise is remarkable not only for its height, but for its lone duration ; the river has been a broad lake for many miles for the last ten days ; entire villages are under the water, and the havoc is already prodigiously great.t JTNISHMENT OF DRUNKENNESS. From water to wine, the transition is easy, as it is also, alas, from wine to drunkenness, which form of mania, it is worth mentioning for the benefit of all whom it may concern, is often curcd by making its victims swallow an unusual quantity of winp. This remedy is much used, it appears, as a legal punishment in Norway and Sweden, the follow ing being the method of procedure employed in those countries. Habitual intoxication is punished by imprison ment. From tbe moment when the delinquent is incar cerated, he has no other nourishment than br-ad and wine mominar nnd evening, but the bread is not served out to him until it has been steepei in wine for an hour. On the first day the drunkard swallows his portion with great relish ; on the second day he finds it less agreeable ; in the course of a few days he comes to regard it with re pulsion. ; a week or ten days of this diet bringB about such utter nausea that the prisoner usually finds it absolutely impossible to touch the sole nourishment offered him, and abstains from eating it, though suffering the panga of hunger. The process once terminated, the 'most inveterate topers, 'with rare exceptions, are fouud to be radically cured. CREMATION. The seri'.us evils resulting from the inhumation of the dead are likely tn be steadily ventilated by the partisans of incineration. The directing committee of the Society for the Cremation of the Dead has just held its first meeting at Milan, when the following resolutions were adopted: — To issue a newspaper as the organ of the association; to give a prize of 2o0fr., in addition to that of 364fr., established by the Lombard Institute, for the best process of cremation ; the papers to be sent in by the 28th February, 1877 ; and to request the municipality to establish regulations to be observed in cansying out the operation of burning the bodies of the dead. The body of a lady just deceased, in Milan, is about to be cremated in the apparatus presented to the Milanese Necropolis by the late (ihevalier Keller; the term? of the lady's will areexpliciton the subject and her heirs will forfeit their claims under her will if they place any obstacle in the way of the operation. Several others of the old citizens oi Milan have intimated their intention to super sede bntial, in' regard to the disposal of their_ mortal remains, by incineration, with the kid of tha ingenious and perfectly successful apparatus, invented tor that purpose by the Chevalier Albert Keller. The priests and their friends are usually opposed to the idea of cremation. Intrenching themselves behind the pas pages of the Bible, in which burial in the ground is assumed to be the Divinely appointed way of ' putting the dead out of onr sight;' they attack cremation as barbarous, impious, sacrilegious, and destructive of family affection; and their opposition will doubtless delay the generalisation of uris system of disposing of the bodies of the dead. This party is building churches and laying out churchyards with great zeal ; in this city, about eight new and splendid churches have beea erected within the last ten years, and a considerable number are still in course of construction. The subscriptions for the Expiatory Church of 'The Sacred Heart of Montmartre' are coming in steadily, and already amount to over £150,000. As it is to be a 'very grand and imposing affair, this sum will have to be doubled many times over before the church can be com pleted ; but a provisional chapel has just been 'built on the site of the new edifice, and has been, this day, solemnly blessed and inaugurated by the Archbishop of Paris. COMPRESSED AIR AS A MOTIVE TOWER. New experiments have just been made with compressed air as a motive power for tramcare, in presence of the Marshal-President, the Ministers of War, Marine, Finance, and Public 'Works, the Prefect of Police, several leading engineers, and a number of gentlemen holding important ad ministrative positions. The experiments took place on the lines from the Arc de Triomphe to the Pont de Courbevoie, and from the latter towards Suresnes on an incline of 46 m- The system consists in a reservoir of compressed air attached to the car, the former passing through a heated vessel and then being applied to pistons in the ordinary way. The vehicle travelled at a speed of from seven to eight miles an hour, and could be stopped and put in motion again without difficulty, even ou sharp curves. The President and the distinguished authorities present expressed themselves satisfied with the experiments. REVOLUTIONARY DESIGNS. It seems that the rumour ef an attempt to get up ' a revolution' on Monday last, which has been flying about the town during the week, is not without foundation. Certain hot heads among the Radicals, excited_ by the success of the Republican party in the late elections (the i Republicans having polled nearly five millions of votes, ; ?while the Monarchists of all colours polled not quite three . millions), had planned a rising with the insane project of ] overthrowing the Marshal, and putting eneof their men in ; his place. The name of Victor Hugo has been freely used j in connection with thin foolish attempt, which, | having been made known to the Government, j was paralysed by the promptitude and vigour ; with which it was met by the Marshal, and the troops ! who are devoted to him, and are believed to be free from I all sympathy with the revolutionary programme. The ! entire 'army of Paris' was placed under arms, the town j was patrolled by detachments of troops in every direction throughout the dav; 210 arrests _ were made, and the authorities are busily 'investigating' the matter, about i which, however, the Marshal wisely wishes to make as ! little tuss as possible. Meantime, as tnere are still 218 seats to be filled, all parties are preparing to contest these with all the zeal they can command. The Conservatives assert that the victorv of the Radicals has been achieved by bribery, intimidation, and the holding out of delusive promises as to the ' larks ' that are to be made to fall, ready roasted, into all mouths,, if they obtain the upper hand ; and a good many local accounts of the proceedings resorted to would seem to sub stantiate, at least a part, of these charges. Butit is probable that the heavy Republican majority so' unexpectedly polled in localities known to be strongly opposed to the Republic, really implies the sensible determination of the people to support the Marebal until the end of the Sep ennate. One curious effect of the recent elec tion has been to throw on the photographers of the country more orders than they can execute : the immense majority of the new Assembly being made up of men absolutely unknown, their portraits are naturally in immense demand, every one being anxious to see the new 'servants' to whom the keys - f their house have thus been committed. The fact that the first result of the intrusting of the public interests to a new Assembly, of vh)se probable doings so little can be predicted with any certainty, was a fall on the Paris Exchange of 3 per cent, on French stock, has reminded local staticians that this barometer of the political atmos phere has always recorded a similar depression as the firat result of a Republican victory. In 1815, after the Restora ™, the 5 per cents, were at 81 ; after the expulsion of the King, they fell to 62. Under Louis Philippe they rose to 117 ; on the downfall of the monarchy in 1848, they fell to 50, and the 3 per cents, which had been at 75, fell to 32. In 1870 the 3's were at 75 ; after the fall of the Empire, on the famous 4th of September, they fell to 50. THE HOTEL DE VILLE. The rebuilding of the Hotel de Ville, interrupted by the recent frosts, is being pushed forward with great energy. Five hundred workmen are now employed in this greatunder taking, which is expected to take ten years to complete, at a cost of one million sterling. 'What treasures of art, wonder ful iionwork, statues in bronze and in marble, paintings by the most renowned masters, carvings of the utmost beauty, gildingB, pillars, mosaic pavements, &c.;, were lost in the insensate conflagration that destroyed this vast and stately pile, as the final 'fiare-up.' of the saturnalia of the Com mune! The piles of debris that choke the site which is now to be cleared and built on, are full of bits - f all the rare and costly objects reduced by the hand of the incendiary to a mass of indiscriminate ruin. The repainting of walls and ceiiings will give play for the genius of some of the painters of our own day ; but of these there are comparatively few who can claim to rank with the great masters of the past, whose works have been thus wantonly destroyed. ROSA BONHEUR. Mile. Rosa Bonheur has recently been painting Hunga rian scenery, during a stay of several months which she has made in Hungary. She nas just gone to Scotland, where she will be the guest of Lord Cochrane, at his estate at Dumfries. Rota Bonheur is particularly fond of Scotland, and considers that nothing in either the Alps or the Pyreni.es surpasses for pictorial purposes some of the scenery of the Scotch Highlands, with their exquisite tarns, their ' effects ' of mist, cloud, and sunshine, their expanses of goi so and heather, their rugged crags, quiet gleztf, and mountain streams. She will no doubt bring tack a quantity of grand and lovely sketches, to be con verted into notle paintings ; but the great artist has so completely withdrawn from public view — having ceased for many years past to appear in the annual exhibitions, and only painting for her own pleasure, or for private orders— that she haroly seems to belong to the present generation of French artists. THE DESTROYER OF THE VENDOME COLUMN. The properly of the ' Radical ' painter Courbet, who ordered the demolition of the Column of the Place Vendome, and who has been sentenced to pay for its re-construction, is to be disposed of by auction in the course of a few days. The property seized to this end by the State, as a warning for future ''dictators,' consists of a small farm valued at from £600 to £800,' £1400 of registered securities deposited at the Bank of France, artistic furniture belonging to him, and six of his pictutes, seized at his former studio in the Rue Hautefeuille, near the charming old Hotel de Cluny, with its Roman remains and curiosities of every date and style from the 'Year One' downwards. The unlucky player with the edge-tools of political dictatorship, whicn. be now finds may cut both ways, will be reduced to ' beggary ' by this measure, or rather will have to paint for a living, and, as few will care to patronise him under the circumstances, will find it, at his age, difficult to keep out of the alms-houBe. The sale is expected to produce a total of some £16,000, nnd will leave the ex-Director of Fine Arts under the Commune still indebted to the State for en amount of £8000. ROMANTIC RETREATS OF THE KING OF BAVARIA, Louit- II. has two palaces in Munich. The new one is a large and massive structure, somewhat like the Pitti, at Ilorence; with four brazen lions and a statue of the Virgin keeping ward at the gates. In the middle of the passage leading from ' The Court of the Chapel ' to the ' Court of Wells,' is an enormous stone, weighing 364 lbs., which one of bis ancestors used to toss about as a ball, and beside this pretty little plaything are three great nails, driven into the wall, and marking the heights to which three others of his ancestors could leap, viz., 8, 9, and 12 feet respectively, ns is attested by rhyming inscriptions, in old German, engraved on a brass plate let into the wall, in. commemoration of the saltatory proweas of those old-world heroes. The new palace is extremely rich in the works of Geiman painters, and contains a vast quantity of mytho logic subjects and battle-pieces, to say nothing of thirty three portraits of Court beauties, among which was formerly that ot Lola Montes, by Kaulbach, but ignominio'usly turned out of the palace by command of the Queen. The palace is furnished in an extiavagantly rococo style; but its gardens are exquisite, especially the ' Winter Garden,' constructed after the young King's owa plans, full of roses and all the glories of Fiora in midwinter, aud into which no one is allowed to penetrate. It is in this fairy-like oasis that the King passes most of his time in winter, quite alone, with his dreams. Rockwork, cascades, rivers, grotooe*. caves, a Moorish kiosk, and various picturesque edifices, are seen amidst groves of exotic trees, shrubs, and flowers ; the air is laden with perfumes ; birds sing, and brooks gurgle, in every direction. When, the King goes to smoke a narghile in the kiosk, he puts on a complete Turkish cistume, with a turban on his head, a golden crescent on h:s back, and Turkish slippers. The narghile, incrested with pearls and jewels, is placed on a table of lapis-lazuli. A me chanical cchestra is installed in this kiosk; the King winds up the machinery, and smokes for hours to the melodies of this orchestra. Many flower-bordered paths led from this kiosk to a lovely lake, blue and limpid under a grove of palms. Mountains rise above this lake, so skilfully imitated that the spectator cannot believe them to be mere imitations ; and machinery that plays under the water raises mimic storms, at the will of the monarch. Moonlight is imitated by electricity : the same agent produces the storm, in the midst of which the king dressesd as William Tell, springs into a boat, seizes the oars, and pushes across the. waves of the lake. He has had himself photographed thus; and it is said, having sent for one of the Bingere of the opera to 6ing the ballad of the Roi de Thule in the boat on the lake, suddenly wound up the storm-machinery, and nearly died of laughing at the terror of the unsuspecting diva , when the waves d .shed the barque about amidst the rumbling of thunder and the play of lightning, and the screaming of the birds, which seem to be taken in by the storm, though they migb; be supposed to have had time to became used to its horrors. A forest of exotics, peopled by au army of rmiTijie, trained to repeat his Majesty's name and to pay hiir CL'Uiv.linirnts. separates the like from the chain of the Hiin;--iay'jh. built of cement, admirably painted and lighted, y.ioaucing as already remarked, the most complete ilhifci'ii to she eve of the wanderer in this enchanted region. A Hindoo cabin tilled with arms, fishing-rods, &c.;, rises amid.-:! the forest, and couches of skyblue satin ara scattered every where through the garden, with tropical birds of the most tplfchdid piuiuage, and the rarest and most fragrant Severs. The onstle of Berg, on the banks of Lake Starnberg, is ? he King's lavuurire residenoe. It is there that he has his I' leved ' Isle of liases,'' a realization of a dream of the ' Arabian Nights,' but without the Sheherazade, whom he has not yet succeeded in finding. In a Swiss chalet^ on this island, filled with every species of rose, the King ha9 ir'=tol!ort a piano : nnd he often spends the whole night linrfj iue jayeunte from ' Xft'toilnw ' and ' Lohcngrio.' He has also bailt himself a Moorish | pavilion, in which he often passes the night, etuTonnded by alabaster lamps and censers of iooenBe. No visitor is ever J received in uie palace. Thet King dines alone, on the lightest fare, for be has a horrorof everything like sensuality, and lives as nearly as possible 013. perfumes, and dreams. ; Before his slight dinner he rides round the lake on horse back, followed by a groom. No one is allowed to enter the castle grounds ; but one day the King met a stalwart youth, dressed as a peasant; found he was from Munich, and that he knew the works of Snhiller by heart ; so, for giving tbe intrusion, he took the stranger to the castle, kept t»im there three days, daring which the two declaimed Schiller 'from night to morn, from mom to dewy eve; ' after which he sent his guest back to his studies in one of the royal carriages, and presented him soon afterwards with a gold watch, having the scene of the Gratli engraved on the case. The Chateau of Lindenhof, at Hohwuschwangan, is in the midst of the mountains, perched on a rocky height, commanding magnificent- views. It is furnished iu the style of Louis XIV. and has a great dining-hall hung with the portraits of the famous 'Court beauties of the time of the Grand Boi. All round the castle are gloomy pine forests ; at its foot is a romantic and solitary lake, full of white swanB, which the King has harnessed to a gilded boat, in tbe form of a shell, in which the swans draw him about the lake, while groups of singers, stationed on the banks, execute morceaux from '-Lohengrin,' while the moon's pale rays light the fantastic bounds of a quantity of deer, stuffed and made to run and leap by means of machinery placed in their insides. The amount of machinery made use of bj this singular being for moving the scenery and objects among which he lives is something incredible. Wfcen Vesuvius last performed an eruption, Louis II. was seized with a desire to ' get up a Vesuvius on his own account. He sent, for the two Professors of Geology of the Univereity-of Munich, and ordered them to make him a volcano. The two professors set to work at once to realise bis Majesty's desire. They dug an enormous hole in the top of a neighbouring hill, filled it with gunpowder, sulphur, coal, and petroleum, and set fire lo the mixture. The spectacle is declared to have been sublime ; but it spread terror and consternation far and wide, and all the fire brigedes of the region, for ten miles round, came rush ing to the rescue, supposing that the royal residence had taken fire, or been mined and blown up ' by the Prussians,'' ?who are not loved by the Bavarians. All thp servants at the King's mountain patace are musicians ; they form an orchestra and choir, and play eve ry night at 12 o'clock in the grounds below, while the sovereign, leaning over the battlements of his gothic stronghold, gazes out upon the stars. He oace spent the ?whole winter at the Lindenhof. He caused a tower to be tuilt of wood in the middle of the valley, with a gallery all round its top. The wind blew fiercely and whirled the snow in every direction. The King went up into tbe top of his tower, _ all the musicians were stationed in the gallery with their instruments, and thirty horses, that had been fed on oats for a fortnight, to make them frisky, were brought from the royal stables, and loosely tethered in the snow about the base of the tower. At a given signal, the drummers, and trumpeters, and brasses, set up the most terrific blast of noise, the storm-machine was set in motion, adding to the din, and all the cannon of the castle were tired off, rousing the echoes. The uproar was such that the horses, maddened with terror, broke their tethers, and tore off in every drec tion, neighing -iffrightedly, and galloping off at the top of their speed.' The King was enchanted with the spectacle, which was just the kind of thing he delights in ; but the poor horses did not perceive the aesthetic beauties of the sort of spectrc- lvuntsmen-Ecene they were m ide to enact. Several of them were drowned in the lake ; others were bi ought back from the gorges of the hills, to ?which they had tied for refuge, by the peasants; others were found dead in the snow, where they had perished of cold and hunger ; others, again, were never seen. King Louis is fond of animals, and generally pets his horses; bat he has a passion for wild and fantastic scenes, spectral steeplechases, and other legendary fancies, and the poor animals were sacrificed to this passion. He often sets out on horseback, for a wild ride, at midnight, under the stars, leaping hedges ard ditchcs. to the imminent risk of lifeandlimb. After one of these wild rides, .he found himself, at sunrise, on the top of th? Her zog land mountain. The chamois-hunters gathered about him on every side, hoping that his Majesty would hunt with them, but he stayed three days and nights in their chalet, without once leaving the hut, absorbed iu a volume of Fen til on, which one of the hunters had brought ?with him. On the third night, he went away at midnight, as he had came. The chamois-hunter^ brought out their torches, and would have accompanied him do -\\-n the moun tain, but he sent them back, and dashed off alone down the bill, only reaching the ens tie at dawn, and, after a long suc cession of narrow escapes, in which he came very near breaking bis neck. The new project of King Louis, in connection with the famous ' Passion Play ' of Oberammergan, which d:~aws thousnnds of visitors, each year, to the otherwise most obscure corner ottbe Bavarian Aip«, is of a piece with the other undeitakk'ga in which he habitually indulges. The village in questi' n is in one of the wildest, of the Alpine districts of !-outh-rn Bavaria, close to the Lugspitze, which, towering to a height of 10,000 feet above the sea, is called ' The Bavarian Mont Blanc.' On the top of the hill, overlooking the village -where the ' play ' is per forated each year, the King is about to place a colossal marble a roup, 40 feet high, the gift of the King made as a token of his atluiii ation for the talent and persevering efforts of the untaught mountaineers, whose performances astonish even those who are accustomed to witness the highest feats 'of the dramatic art. The main figure of the group is that of the crucified Saviour, beneath whom, on the right, stands the Vii pin Mary, and to the left, St. John; those being the principal characters of the 'Passion Play,' as per formed atOberauimergan. Gigantic heads of winged angels support the pedestal, with the two-tailed lions of Bavaria holding the Royal escutcheon. The whole is grand, severe, but very impressive, doing great honour to the arii-jt, HalM?, - ne of the best sculptors of Germany. The great problen;, l-owever, is how to get the enormous weight of marl''.- up t-: its destined site.. Being of marble the figure of the Saviour cannot be put up in parts, as was done in 1840, for the colossal bronze fie- ore of Bavaria, on the Theiesien-Weisp, which, though 85 feet high, was thus placed, without much difficulty. A chesthas therefore been constructed as big as a small house, and the statue will be packed in this cheBt as tightly as possible. As even thirty of the strongest horses would make no im pj ession on. a lead of 490 cwt, a powerful street locomotive is to be employed to drag the thing to itB destination — the same which drew the raw block of marble out of which the statue has been shaped, from the quarries of Kelheim, on the Danube, to Batisbon, and thence to Munich, by rail. The engine is certainly strong enough to move the load along a direct and well-made road, bat -will it suffice to drag it up the steep inclines and to turn the sharo angles which abound on the road to Oberammergan ? 'Will it be possible to run such a load over the rongh surface of a South Bavarian mountain road r The attempt will only be made after at leatt a week of dry weather, and serious doubts are entertained of the feasibility ef the undertaking. The young King, however, is never deterred by difficulty, especially of a mechanical character, and he -will no doubt make, any needed sacrifice of money, time, and skill for the accomplishment of a feat on which he has set his heart. Tbe enacting of the scene of the Passion by the Oberaxn mergan peasants, whi:h is done by a series of tableaux that gn over three entire days, is declared by all who have -witnessed it to be a really wonderful performance, and as the crowds who are attracted by it bring prosperity to the village and its neighbourhood, the King probably con siders that in thus testifying his Royal approbation in a way that will add to the attractiveness of the play, he is doing a patriotic work. But King Louis II. is, in fact, a sort of modernized edition of old King Bene, last of the Sovereigns of Provence, whose Court was the resort of minnesingers and troubadours, and whose affairs oi State rarely went beyond the discussion of a new madrigal or the invention of a new sweetmeat. Sovereigns, now-a-days should busy themselves with other matters, if they care to reta;n possession of their thrones. - - Forward and loquacious yonth — ' By Jove, you know — upon my word, now— if I were to see a ghost, you know, I would be a chattering idiot for the rest of mf life.' Tni gen boqb maiden—' ' Bavca't yon seen a ghost ?' 