TWENTY YEARS AGO. By O. (Cotickxded from our last.) in taking a retrospect of the past I find b thatuiany, very many, persons who twenty years ago were strong and hale, the bone j ^snd'anewof the colony, have now passed: away and are almost forgotten. The boys of that period have evidently been to Jericho and have returned with full-grown beards. Then it was an arduous task for the youths to solve the problems in children's books, such as the "Wonderful Lamp." Now they are taken up with the leading questions of the day. Their thoughts live in the pre sent and future, and therefore to the tastes of such my brief re&ections; will not prove very congenial. There is too much of the antiquarian flavor about them to be relished by the young. But being an old man I must confess to a particular liking to dwell upon the past. Give me an old bone or a fossil leaf, and I would have something grand to dwell upon. As an anatomist I might discover in the bone a relic of an old mastodon, and in the leaf an heirloom from mother Eve. There is a kind of awkward contempt for the past by the balk of people, as if those now upon the world's stage had no connection with events that crowd their birth period, and therefore they are becom ing as terrified at the notes of " O " as Mac beth was at the ghost of Banquo. There is more of an inclination to build "castles in the air" than to look back at hard facts. The present generation, instead of attempt ing to tread in the steps of their fathers, mark out new paths for themselves and will not look back till they run up against the Insolvent Court. There are many old persons who have done a great deal to make the colony what it is, and whose good deeds I would like to band down to posterity, but they are so modest and retinng that I fear they would rather not have their names spoken about, and it is not my intention to offend. I ought relate many thrilling incidents that have been witnessed on some of the stations and the fidelity of old hands, who, despite fire and flood, have saved their master's pro \- petty. Deeds, too, the most atrocious have been committed, but to record them would serve no good purpose, so I will allow the actors and their bad deeds to lie buried and forgotten In the past. "If is just possible ithat I will resume the theme, bnt in order that persons indirectly connected with the past may not be known, I will withhold the •correct name of persons and places. 