STATION PRODUCE REPORTS. MKLBOUENE, Wednesday. Messrs. R. GOLBSBRODGH and Oo. report ;— Wool—W« have had no auction sales at pur warehouses since last report, the quantity coming forward being very limited, and quotations are without alteration. Inquiries are active tar all descriptions, particularly fellmongers' parcels, and we intend Offering all lots on hand on Wednesday next. We disposed of one small lot of scoured privately, at a satisfactory price. Sheepskins,—Little alteration has occurred in prices during the week, and the supply was easily disposed of at satisfactory rates. We quote as follow ; —Pelts, fresh, 3s, to 4s. 2d.; do., dry, Is. to 2s, 9d.; do., station, 4d. to 7d. per lb. Hides.— Prices are very steady, and are likely to continue so. Good New Zealand hides are in request :up to 5gd. per lb.; other descriptions are also in fair demand, except calfskins. The prices, however, obtained lately for these last show some improve ment. Oxhides are worth from 23s. to 33s. each ; cowhides, from 15s. 6d. to 83s. each : Victorian salted, from 4d. to 4£d. per lb.; New Zealand salted, from 4$d, to 6gd. per lb.; calfskins, from 5d. to 6£d, per lb. Kangaroo skins sell as under, but buyers are not very activeInferior to medium, 4d. to 7d. per lb,; medium to good, 7d. to lid. per lb.; good to superior, lid. to 13jd. Tallow,—We sold an average supply at our sale held on Tuesday and by private contract during the week; the purchases were chiefly made for local use. The supply of tallow suitable for shipment being small, quotations are about the same as last week's. Bark,—The demand is good at late rates, butthesupplv coming forward is limited, owing to the changeable state of the weather. Messrs. J. H. CLOOOH and Co. report:—Wool. —The quantity now coming forward is only small; we have sold a few odd lots at full current rates. We have inquiry for parcels suitable for scouring, and full prices can be obtained for all sent forward. Sheepskins.—We have disposed of a large supply both green and dry skins, and have sold all at satisfactory prices:—Green pelts, from Is. to 3s. Sd.; dry, fid. to 2s. Bd.; fullwoolled, 3s. 6d. to 5s. 6d.; and station skins, 5<L to 7d. per lb. Hides.—The market is not quite so firm, except for first-class lots, which maintain their value. We have sold—Green ox, at 22s. to 34s.: cow, 15s. to SOs.each ; Victorian wet salted 4d. to 4|d,; superior, 4|d.; New Zealand, 5d. to 5|d.; calfskins, 5$d. to Gd. per lb. Tallow,—We have sold by auction and privately au average supply at last week's rates, both for shipment and local use—Inferior, £25 to £27 ; mixed, £28 to £32; beef, £30 to £32 ; and mutton, £33 10s. to £35 per ton. Leather.—We have sold by auction and privately during the week at the following prices, viz.:—Crop, IOd, to lOjd.; kip, 17d. to Is. 9d.; runners, Is. IOd, to 2s. 3d.; calf, 2a. Id. to 3s. 6d.; wallaby, 2s. to 2s. 9d.; waxed kangaroo, 2s. to 2s. 6d.; brown kangaroo, Is. 8d. to 2s.; and harness, 13|d. to 14£d. per lb.; and basils, 5s. to 15s. per dozen. Kangaroo skins.— We have sold several lots, at 6d. to 4d. per lb. Bark.—We have cleared off a large supply at the following prices—For bundled, £4 5s". to £4 12s. 6d,; chopped, £5 ; and ground, £6 10s., bags being charged for. THE RACING COLORS of the Prince of Wales appear for the first time in the new volume of the Boeing Calendar. They are—" Purple body with gold braid, scarlet sleeves, and black velvet cap, with gold fringe." SRNGFFIIA.K DEATH OF AN APE.—The wonderful resemblance of some of the larger apes to human creatures is especially remarkable when they are; suffering from illness or from what, so great is their intelligence, we must acknowledge to be: sorrow. An ape of no common merit having lately died in the Zoological Gardens at Dresden, an account has been published of its liut moments, which gave ah extraordinary idea of the alinost human dignity and pathos of its behaviour on the occasion. A few weeks of the destroying malady, says a sorrowing friend, had been sufficient to change this being, so full of life, strength, courage—thiB magnificent prototype of all quadruman—into a spectacle of misery. The most complete apathy had taken the place of exuberant freshness and vivacity, Mafuka, as this interesting creature was called, appeared to suffer under a dim consciousness that she could expect no relief from, but only the alleviation of. her iains from those about her. This state of things fasted till within a few hours of her death. Then, as Director Schopf (the director of the gardens) leant over his favorite, the ape drew him towards her, placed her .arm round tne neck of her kind friend, and looked at him for some time with clear and tranquil eyes; she then kissed him three times, with a short interval between each salute, motioned to be laid upon her couch, gave her hand to Schopf—as though bidding farewell to the companion of many happy years—and slept never to wake again. THE MOCK PEARLS OP HISTORY.—Havward (translator of " Faust") in his article on iPearls j and [Mock Pearls of History," says :—" We are : gravely, told, on historical, authority, by Moore I in a note tosone of bis lri8h niA64ias, .that during the reign of Bryan. King of Monster, a young lady of great beauty, richly dressed, and adorned with jewels, undertook a journey from one end of the kingdom to another, with a wand in her hand at the top of which was a ring of exceeding great value ; and Bueh was the perfection of the laws and ilie government that no attempt waft made upon her honor, nor was she robbed of her clothes and jewels. Precisely the same story is told of Alfred of Frothi, King of Denmark, and of Rollo, Duke of Normandy, Another romantic anecdote, fluctuating between two or more sets of actors, is <m episode iu the amours of Emma, thq alleged daughter of Charlemagne, who. finding that the snow had fallen rather thickly during a nightly interview with her lover, Eginhard, took him upon her shoulder, and carried him some distance from her bower, to prevent his footsteps from being traced. Unluckily, Charlemagne had no daughter named Emma or luuna/ and a hundred years before the appearance of the chronicle which records the adventure it had been related in print of a German Emperor and a damsel unknown. The story of Canute commanding the waves to roll back rests on the authority of Henry of Huntington, who wrote about a bundled years after the Danish monarch. * As for the great number of the stories with which the am are stuffed,' says Voltaire, 'including all those humorous replies attributed to Charles V. and Henty IV., to a hundred modern princes, you find them in Athenieus and in our old authors.' Dionysius the Tyrant, we are told by Diogenes of Laerte, treated his friends like vases full of good liquors, which he broke he when had emptied them. This is precisely what Cardinal Retz says of Madame deChevreuse's treatment of her lovers. There is a story of Sully's meeting a young lady, veiled, and dressed in green on the back stairs leading to Henry's apartment, and being asked by the King whether he had net been told that his Majesty had a fever and could not receive that morning, replied ' YeB, sire, but the fever has gone ; I have just met it on the staircase, dressed in green." This stoiy is told of Demetrius and his lather. The lesson of perseverance in adversity taught by the spider to Robert Bruce is said to have been taught by the same insect to Tamerlane. ' When Columbus,' says Voltaire, 'promised a new hemisphere, people maintained that it did not exist; ami when he had discovered it, that it had been known 6 long time.' It was to confute such detractors that he resorted to the illustration of the egg, already employed by Brunelleschi when his merit in raising the cupola of the cathedral of Florence was contested. The anecdote of Southampton reading "The Faery Queen," while Spenser was waiting in the ante-chamWr, may pair off with the one of Louis XIV. As this munificent monarch was going over the improvements of Versailles with Le Notre, the sight of each fresh beauty or capability tempts mm to some fresh extravagance, till tne architect cries out that if their promenade is continued in this fashion it will end in the bankruptcy of the State. Southampton, after sending first twenty and then fifty guineas, on coming to one fine passage after another exclaims, " Turn the fellow out of the house, or I shall be ruined."—Russell's Literary Notee. PEPPER'S GHOSTS.—The spectators, seated on benches as in a theatre or lecture room, see a stage in front of them, suitable for some kind of dramatic performance. Between them and the Btage is a sunken chamber, the floor five or six feet below the level of the stage. This chamber is opened at the top. but the opening is concealed from the audience by suitably arranged boards and screens. Behind the sunken chamber, and at the front edge of the stage is set up a laige plate of plain or unsilvered glass, inclining forward a little at the top, and so environed with painted scenery as to induce the observer to lose sight of the fact that he is looking at the stage through a glass. Living actors, dressed up in any way at pleasure, are in the sunken chamber, with a very Btrong lime light or other light shining on them from lamps properly placed ; the actors and the lamps being equally concealed from the audience by screens. The strong rays from the illuminated figures strike up iu a slanting direction against the glass, and are then reflected to the audience. The glass has such an inclination given to it, that this reflection shall be visible to the spectators generally. The effect produced, though scientifically plain enough, is practically verv surprising. Supposing a youug actress, dressed as a theatrically beautiful sylph or'nymph, : to be properly placed in the sunken chamber, and an intense lime light shining on her, we see the reflected sylph in the glass ; but not knowipg there is any glass there, we seem to see a brilliant real sylph on the stage. If the actress sylph, the living person iu the sunken chamber, smiles or makes any gestures, the phantom-sylph on a stage does the same ; if she sings or speaks, we hear the sounds, and see the lips of the phantom moving. If the light of the lamps is made gradually to go out, the phantom disappears like a dissolving view ; and if a trap door suddenly but silently closes the top of the sunken chamber, the phantomdisappears instantly. If the lady walks away from the sunken chamber, so does the phantom walk away from the stage : and then if an actor, dressed, say as a magician, should appear on the stage, he may seem to perform a little drama with the phantom, if the distances and lights are properly adjusted. True, he cannot see the phantom himself; lout he is guided towards its apparent position by imarks, cues, or clues of some kind. If the glass |does not extend all across the stage, he may pass froni behind to the front of it,' or vice versa, by an opening at the side, without the spectators detecting either the glass or the absence of it; and he may thus carry on the details of many a curious dramatic plot with the phantom. If there are |two or move actors and actresses in the sunken jchauiber, and two or more on the visible stage, Jthe bye-play may be greatly varied, and the Effect wonderfully increased, •.'•••; 