JH&IMmVI;? H0BI8T 0HUB0H Wil* LAJftOO MINES. Sermons on behalf the Colonial Missions of the Primit've Methodist Church, were preached at Wallaroo Mines on Sunday, August 6. The Bfiv. J. Goodwin, deputation from Adelaide, preached in the morning from Solmon's Songs, " My boloved is mine, and I am his." In the evening the Ber. W. Senior selected as his dis course " He that goeth forth and weepeth, bear ing precious seed, shall, doubtless, come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him.'i The public meeting was held on Wednesday even ing, August 9, when there' were abonfc*»oe<«hun» dred and twenty persons present. The Ber. J. G-. Wright opened "the meeting -by giving out the well known hymn. . " . "See how great a flame aspires, kindled by a spark of grace." - Mr Woolridge was called on by the Ber. Mr Wright to preside over the meeting. Choir-" Penton Yale." The Chairman remarked that if he had the de sire of his mind he would rather sit in*the pew than occupy the position of Chairman, but he did not like to- back out, he' always felt it a great plea sure to recommend religion. The present was a missionary meeting, the object of which was-to raise funds to carry the gospel into those parts of the colony which had not got it, and also to help to sustain those circuits whioh were not self-support ing, and were regarded asMission Stations. The Primitive Methodist Connexion, with which they were identified, was an - enterprising one. He well remembered the early difficulties against which they had-to contend, and was thankful %o God for its success. In years that were gone by lie exposed his head to the hot sun in different parts .of the colony In trying to establish their church, in Bowden, Walkerville, and Payneham, and now they had the gospel, and surely they ought to be thankful. He remembered the time in South Australia and near Adelaide, wnea bricks were made, and houses built on Sunday. The Missionary cause was to Oppose these things* and we who are exalted to heaven with privileges must give a good collection to help on this good cause. The Rev. J. Gh Wright would inform the meet* ing at once that it was not his intention to giyaa speech. It was only fair that the Rev.Mr Gooid win should giro two-speeches^. Two ye^rs ago Mr Goodwin was appointed as deputation, and was prevented from coming through an accident. i He felt sure the congregation' were waiting to hear the deputation, and from the speech-he had delivered the two previous nights they would not be disappointed. He would now give the statis tics of their connexion,-66years ago there were no Primitive Methodists, but now tbej^ numbered 170,000members,1,000ministers,330,090Sabbath School children, 3,800 cannexionalchapele, 3,000 other preaching places; increase during the year throughout the connexion in membership LhBs been 7,000. They have held 4,000 open fciraer vices during the year. Atbome they have 79 missionaries, and 184 missionary sUtions. It'is 32 yearssincethe" first two missionaries $a#ae to this colony, viz;. Be*.. Messrs. Wilson . and Long. Within the colonies tbe membership Js "7;P00; increase in the colonies during; tl^B-year, 600j jn South ^Australia they hare 2,237 members, 22 ministers, 182 local' preachers, 101 Coime*i<itn»l Chapels, 4,459 Sabbath School children, 14 tions (or circuits) and five missjon stations. The income throughout the connexion dajring.tlyaye&r; has been £42,91? 15s 7d. Tbe glomes raised £5,108, Wallaroo Mines had raised nbouc £ll. _ Chairman-Thesalvation of souls was <the best work atnan coald be engaged in, and ia Older to be successful we mast; live near to- GodL ;? 1-1 Choir-*' Jesas aliall ieign where'er the <BaB( doth his successive journey's ran." The HOT. J. Goodwin w ho was fa eartily cheered on coming forward, expressed the pleasure hefelt to be with them. He enjo/ed.thejSabbath'rer vices and especially the company of hisfriend.Mr Wright, at Green's plains, on Monday. T^StlPl^il laroo, on Tuesday, he was told it was thejargert and beet Missionary meeting they hadever held there. And again to night he waspleased tobave audi a good audience.. The Chairman's remarks had Galled to his Haindsomerecoliectiansof home when about learing for South Australia, he thought of the good Ker. Thomas Russel, wbe insieted-to lay his hands on his andMrs Goo d win'a lieads, he should never forget the wonderful effect it produced and if the laying on of hands has such an in$a> ence for good, he wduld hare ho objectioiir for Bishops to lay their hands on every one. -. He had often thought of the Darlestou Circuit,. the energy and zeal displayed in thecauBB of God, and he felt sure they were, possessed of the same benevolent intentions. In speaking, bn Primitive Methodist Colonial Missions, one of the .objects was to.awaken thesyinp^hiea ofsll.friends to this cause.: Many of our places in the «oloay are notable to support themselves. The secret success of Primitive Methodism, which has not had State aid, or perhaps in many instances been wealthy, has been the recognition, of that fundamental principle of religion the operations of the Holy Ghost. Our Ministers have gone forth believing with Christ they can do all things. He hoped the day -would never come when they shall ignore that great fact the -witness of- the Holy Spirit. When Missionaries went to Greenland they first tried to teach the arts -of civilization, but they did not accomplish any results, but when they read the Bible how God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that .whosoever believeth should not perish but have "everlasting life, the hearts of the people werpsoon. broken. It was the gospel alone which could reach the dark mind and bring them to Jesus. Many a Minister had failed when he has looked away from Jesus, aud many present can say what the Lord had done for them, what he 'had saved them ftoni. A North American Indian, during conversation, was once aBkedwhattheXord had saved him from. Seeing a wotah he placed »lot of leaves around il and set them oa fire, and then he took the worm in his hand and said that is what Christ has done for me, he took me out of the fire and saved my soul from hell. Ditty .is the watch* word of a Missionary meeting, and this is what we must do, England expects every man to do his duty. It is said the epitaph on the tombstone of one of Nelson's officers reads as follows " Here lies Henry Long, who lived to do' his duty." This question appeals to our gratitude* What has Christ done for us P " Though he was1 rich yet for our sakes became, poor, that tro, through lis poyeity^ might be riph.'* -AU jhe privileges we possess and enjoy gall uponus to praise Qod. If we look at Primitive Methodism to-day, we had the greatest cause for gratitude* The open air preaching, the house to Louse, visit* ation is what gave birth to city missionaries. The self-denying, unostentatious labours of our Minis ters have been made a blessing to tl^oqeands iq despite Q( oil tfrp speptic influence that had been brought to bear to impede our progress. . -He was pleased the other day-when he-saw the -Weslej&n; Methodists would gain 15,000 in England for the year. He could not Bay like his friend Mr Wright that he had been .in the colony 20 yean although ho could have wished to engage in its tpils, and to sljarp in its successes. He claimed their prayers, and said as some of you were not here on Sunday night, give for both occasions. One of the greatest misfortunes a man could have was not to be trained to give. He hoped they would not be like the man he had read of who went to the missionaiy meeting aqd wljen he cave to the collection stud farewell sixpence I shall not see you again. The rev. gentleman resumed his S -at after a very. interesting and instructive spevoV whioh laetedfcn hour, and received the veil mer ited plauditsof tlie meeting. The Iter. Mr Wrifclit moved a vote of thanks to the children collectors, deputation, aud Chair man 'which was carried with -acclamation. - The doxology being Bang, the benediction was i>ro nouneed and the meeting waa brought to a close. The meetings: held at Wallaroo, Kadi na, and Green's Plains, in connection with this mission, ?were all numerouslj attended: and the amount raised in its aid Is about double that subscribed IwfcyearYor the same object. 