ENGLISH MEWS. We clip the following from the Adelaide dailies t— Smallpox has broken out with great virulence at Blackburn and also in Derby shire. The Rev. Mr. Berry, a Soman Catholic priest, died through attending patients at Blackburn, and his funeral was attended by miiiisters of all denominations, the line of route being crowded with sym pathizing spectators. An accident of an unusual character has oecuired at Portsmouth. Three hundred persons were congregated on the platform pontoons of the Portsea Extension Railway to witness a swimming match, when the pontoons suddenly sank, and all the specta tors were precipitated into the water. For some time it was thought several were drowned, but ultimately it was ascertained no lives were lost. There was plenty of assistance at hand. Mr. Forster, in addressing his constituents at Bradford, recommends the Powers not to -ad£-Turk«yto~dt>~inore "than is absolutely necessary to prevent a recurrence of misrule. He supported Lord Derby's general policy, and said the political situation was uncer tain. The only certain fact known was that the Powers were striving to obtain an armistice. Mr. Gladstone, in reply to a request that he would deliver an address "On the Catholic faith, as opposed to the Rationalis tic views and tendencies so strongly pre vailing," has replied that he is constantly in receipt of so many applications to deliver ecclesiastical addresses that he must neces sarily decline them all. The home Press recommends a watchful and prepared attitude on the part of England against the event of war. The Braes of Derwent foxhounds have all had to be destroyed inconsequence of being attacked by hydrophobia. A monster balloon, to accommodate 50 persons, is to be constructed for the Paris Exhibition of 1878. It will be 34 metres in diameter, and will be held captive by an immense rope €50 metres in length. The Board of Trade returns for August give the value of exports at £17,962,884 as compared with £19,418,876 in the same monthlastyear; andof imports, £33,818,002 against £31,200,145. For the eight months of 1876 the imports were £251,557,806, compared with £250,505,786 in 1875; and exports, £133,287,330, against £149,511,844 last year. A Mr. Philip Lyne, on independent gentleman, has been sentenced to two years' hard labor at the Surrey Sessions for in decently assaulting young women at the Crystal Palace. He was known as the " Pest of the Palace." Some serious trade outrages are reported from Dewsbury. Three glass-bottle makers on strike violently assaulted some non Unionists. One has been committed fori trial, and the other two sentenced to two j months' imprisonment. j Two Americans have been - arrested, charged with being implicated in stealing £24,000 worth of foreign bonds that were being taken from London to Paris, via Calius. Mr. John Bright, in a speech at Man chester, ridiculed the fear of Russia. The policy which resulted in the Crimean War was disastrous, but it was a mistake which the country was determined not to repeat. He advocated au autumn session of Parlia ment. Numerous meetings have been held during the month, at which members of Parliamenthaveaddressed their constituents, but in nearly every instance the one topic has been the Eastern question and the Bulgarian atrocities. Several members, amongst others Mr. Gladstone and the Marquis of Hartington, have warmly ad vocated the calling together of Parliament for an autumn session , and resolutions to that effect have been carried at many meet- j ings. Ministers think there is no occasion j for it An instance of superstition is mentioned in the Postmaster-General's report for 1875. A wall letter-box was erected in a village in the West of Ireland, but no one could be found to undertake the duty of collecting; the letters in consequence of a general •belief among the poor in the vicinity that "a ghost went out nightly on parade." The ghost was stated to be a large white turkey without a head! Amongst the things transmitted through the Post-Office during the year were leeches, snails, eggs, white mice, a.sparrow, two snakes, a crayfish, and ] a dog. | A meteoric body, described'as aboiit the size of a small cannon-ball,- passed over St. George's Chapel, Windsor, recently, and descending near the roof of the residence of one of the military knights burst, knocking off a portion of the stone parapet and doing I other damage. When it burst it emitted showers of sparks like a shell The incident ' caused much alarm at Windsor. The Jews are said to be returning in large numbers to Palestine. The Hebrew popu lation of Jerusalem has doubled within the last ten years, and instead of inhabiting the worst parts of the city they are ready to rent any bouse that is to let. Captain Tylers annual report for 1875 states that 1,290 persons were killed on railways during that year, and 5,755 were injured. Of these 765 ki!led and 3,618 in jured were servants of the Companies. | Authentic accounts state that in the present war with the Servians some of the Turkish irregulars still practise great bar barities. At night the country is said to be illuminated by burning villages, which are destroyed out of sheer wantonness, and not for military purposes. After the battle of: Alexinatz, the Secretary of the local Red' Cross Society was found with his arm cut off, and bled to death. Mr. Villiers, artist of the Graphic, cams across three Servian soldiers who had been tied to trees, and then burnt to death. The picture of the scene has appeared in the Graphic. A young girl, searching for her father, was seized by Bashi-Bazouks, violated, and then flayed alive. She was found still alive and taken to Alexinatz Hospital. She died in great agony, after four days' suffering. Riotous proceedings have taken place amongst the colliers at Wrexham, and at meetings in other parts of the country their conduct has been condemned. \ An accident occurred on the River f Hooghly to a party engaged in blowing up the wreck of the British steamer Vice- ] ; roy. Sergeant Harrison, with 10 natives in a | boat, was about to lower one of Colonel Hydes's torpedoes, loaded with 409 lbs of j powder, when it exploded, sinking the boat and blowing the sergeant and six natives to i atoms. The remaining four, being alive, were sent to the Hospital. A tour of an unusual kind has lately been made. A gentleman engaged a train of Pullman cars, including drawing-room, | dining, and sleeping, and having invited a party of about twenty-fire ladies and gentle men has made a tour on the midland system as far as the Highlands. The trip was a most enjoyable one, no hotels being required, and the party being most com fortable. Trickett has sailed for America with Punch. He will not row in the States, and leaves for Australia by the outgoing mail from San Francisco on the 11th October. He received the £100 stakes lodged by Lumsden, but not the £100 bet. A hand some silver cup, worth over 200 guineas, was presented to him by Mr. Clias. Bush, a well-known patron of boatracing. The boat in which he rowed Sadler, as also the one in which he was to have rowed Lumsden, have been sent to Sydney. Her Majesty is at Balmoral, and in good jiealth. On the 18th September she had a narrow escape from a serious accident whilst driving to Kildrammie Castle, a distance of 40 miles. When proceeding through Ballater one of the horses fell, and the others were with some difficulty reined in. The fallen horse, springing to its feet, was dashing off at .^«afr*«peed,~:whefl =a= policeman, with much presence of mind and at some risk, seized the rein and suc ceeded in stopping it. Her Majesty was quite calm, but some of the attendants were much alarmed. Several bicycle feats have been accom plished du;ing the past month. On the 2nd September there was a race for £50, at Lillie Bridge, between Stanton and Camille Thuillet's, the French champion. The dis tance was 44 miles, and the race was won by Stanton by 20 yards. Stanton's lime, 3h. 14m. 8 sees.; Thuillet's 3h. 14m. 10 sees, Stanton has also raced Keen for the championship and £100, at T.illia Bridge. The latter was victorious, Stanton retiring after doing 29 miles out of the 50. Keen's time for 30 miles was the best on record, viz., lh. 48m. 23 sees. Thuillet has since ridden 650 miles in six consecutive days of 12 hours each, and Frank White has done 600 in the same time. Two gentlemen of King's Lynn rode, on the 2nd September, 205 miles in 22 consecutive hours. The outrages, which included the mass acre of 12,000 persons at least, were per petrated chiefly in May, between Philipopoiis and Sophia. Men, women, and children were murdered wholesale, after being sub jected to frightful cruelties. The women were nearly all violated, and the best-looking carried off. These outrages were mainly committed by Bashi-Bazouks and Circas sians. The only excuse given is that the Christian population planned a massacre of the Mussulmen, and murdered some. Had not the then Grand Vizier been induced by General Ignatieff, the Russian Ambassador, to refrain from sending regular troops to the locality, these atrocities would not have been committed. General Sir A. Kemball, who is our official representative with the Russian army in Persia, reported that he believes no more outrages are being committed. The Montenegrins mutilate many of their prisoners. Some have their noses cut off, others their noses and lips; others their ears as well, beside other nameless injuries. Lord Hartington, Mr. W. Forester, M.P., Sir George Campbell, M.P., Colonel Gouilay, M.P., the Duke of Manchester, and many other members of the Legislature have gone to Turkey to make Inquiries into tho state of the country. Eight hundred men have struck at Mut brook, Woodside, and Newcastle coa'lpits in consequence of the masters making a. fourth reduction in wages. The men offered to accept 5 per cent. Several hundred men have struck at the Whitehaven Shipbuilding Company's Works, owing to a reduction of wages, amounting in some cases to 4s 6d per week. The strike of colliers in South Derbyshire still continues against the 10 per cent, reduction, and "the position of affairs is somewhat dreadful." Bight hundred more men struck at Ilkston, but subsequently resumed worV. Hell Gate, New York Harbor, was suc Icessfully blown up on Sunday, the 24th inst., 50,000 pounds of dynamite being used to remove the rock obstructions. In a | premature explosion a few days previous four men were killed and several wounded. It has taken seven years to complete a navigable passage for ocean steamers from Long Island Stand into New York Harbor. The pony mail from Dakota to Sydney, Nebraska, was attacked by Indians on the 3rd September. Fifteen whites were killed, and twelve others near Custer. The Sioux have come to the north bank of the Yellow stone, notwithstanding the efforts of the troops to prevent it. One thousands hands' have been thrown out of employment in consequence of an accident to the machinery of a mill at Macclesfield. Messrs. Manuel & Son, the largest up holsterers in Sheffield, gave notice to their workmen to leave, and will only re-employ them on their ceasing to be Trade Unionists. The 81-ton gun has been tested at Shoe buryness in the presence of a large number of military officials. With an elevation of seven degrees the shot first grazed the ground about 4,500 yards off, and then ricochetted for several miles. A number of shots were lired, and at the 4,500 yards they scarcely deviated a yard from the direct line. The experiment was regarded as most satisfactory. Ashore, the effects were not pleasing. Many windows were broken, and the plate-glass front of a shop, a quarter of an inch thick, was broken 3-50 yards off. A large gate was also burst open, the padlock being broken by the force of the shock. The recoil of the gun was only 21 j feet, and the carriage answered admirably, j 