NEW PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. God's \ Purpose with Mankind and the Earth ; an Introduction to a Right Understanding of the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments ; pp. 308. Melbourne : Mason, Firth and M'Cutcheon. ? 'London: Thomas Bosworth. This work is a translation from the German of Messrs. Caird and Lutz. It is in two volumes, only the first of which, on the Old Testament, has as yet been reprinted in this colony. We regret this, as the views set forth in the reprint are of so peculiar a nature that we are anxious to see what they develop into when the writers come to expound the New Testament. According to the preface to the first volume, the work was first published in 1846-7, and ' met with a very favourable reception on all sides ; for some time it did its work quietly, and with much bless ing among members of the various Christian sects, as many facts and many acknowledgments — verbal and epistolary — have testified.' The general favour however with which the book was received seems to have been rather of a fleeting character, for the author informs us that ' this gradually extending and beneficial influence of the work stirred up opponents, and it was frequently and violently attacked in some public periodicals and pamphlets,' and that even 'some did not scruple to denounce the work to the Christian public as a dangerous and soul-destroying publication.' After a careful examination of the work, we are not much surprised at the opposite views with which it was regarded by the Christian public within a short space of time. Very many of those who are religiously inclined read works of a religious character in a very superficial' manner, and if they contain any expositions of an inge nious, novel, or startling character, they adopt them with great enthusiasm, often without any inquiry as to how far they are in harmony with the statements of Scripture, and without seeing the conclusions they logically lead up to. When however they find out that their new views with which at first they were so delighted are really ' grounded upon no warranty of Scripture, but rather repugnant to the Word of God,' and that their tendency is to lead them to forsake the ' old paths' for some heretical byway, they are startled, and in their recoil from what they have found out to be error are unsparing in their denunciations, and refuse even to admit that there may be some modicum of truth in the book, and that it is one from, which many useful hints may be gathered. These general remarks apply with much truth to the book before us. Messrs. Caird and Lutz are Irvingites, and this exposition of the Old Testament is evidently intended to advance their peculiar views, not openly and avowedly. There is no reference to that sect of which the late Edward Irving was the founder, and which has developed into a strange mixture of Judaism and Romanism ; neither again do we find any open . reference to the ritual and constitution of Irvingism. Nevertheless, the work is of such a character as may best enable it to ' do its work quietly' — among members of the various Christian sects, by insensibly, preparing them to adopt the human inventions and man-made revelations of that little company of enthusiasts calling themselves by the high-sounding title of The Catholic Apostolic Church. In the preface to the first edition, which gives an outline of the book, we find the authors laying down a number of propositions, and amongst them the following : — 'That the endowment of the church with all those spiritual gifts and ordinances that were met with in her at the beginning was given her as an abiding possession, and that all these ordinances and gifts should have always continued in her undiminished. (1 Cor. xii.) The distinction between ordinary and extraordinary gifts of the Holy Spirit is not founded in God's Word. The original completeness of the ordinances and gifts of the Holy Spirit can just as little be diminished without the greatest injury to the church as the human body can be deprived of one of its limbs, not to say one of its senses, without suffering from it.' We are aware that the above is strongly contended for by the Irvingites ; but we fail altogether to see how 1 Cor. xii. affirms their assumption. The chapter certainly speaks of miraculous powers as being then exercised in the church, but gives not the slightest intimation that they were to continue as permanent institutions ; while the very next chapter (xiii.) plainly states that some of them, at all events, shall cease ; in addition to which the whole experience of the Christian Church has been against the continuance of mira culous powers in the church. They have been claimed by the Church of Rome, by the French prophets, and others, at different periods ; but not one of the prodigies they record will stand the test of inquiry. Even the Irvingites themselves, whose specialty is the gift of the Spirit, cannot point to a single well-authenticated miracle wrought in proof of their assertions, unless to the unearthly cries uttered by some of their members, which they call the tongue, and which can only be understood by their so-called prophets — for the truth of whose revelations we have no more proof than we have for the divine authority of the visions of Emanuel Swedenborg, or for the golden plates of the Book of Mormon. The work professes to find the Old Testament a series of types, and types only ; and it proceeds regularly with an exposition of them, beginning with Genesis and ending with Malachi. While we agree with the writers' expositions of some of the types, others of them, however, are far-fetched and fanciful in the highest degree — nay, almost ludicrous. For example, writing of the Ark : — ' Its length was 300 cubits. As the Tabernacle in the Old Testa ment was only of 100 cubits, we see by this that the dimensions of the ark of safety indicated the comprehension of all three of God's dispensations for the salvation of the world — the patriarchal, the Jewish, and the Christian. This become still clearer from the three stories of the ark, and the three classes of living creatures that found their safety in it. The upper story, as that which was nearest to heaven, represents the Christian dispensation of God ; for in it there was that window through which the light fell into the whole ark, and through which the dove — type of the Holy Ghost— found exit and entrance.' l '-?,.-? Again, on the subject of the creation : — ' Fish denote, accordingly, those who are baptised in the name of the Triune God, Christendom (Luke v. 10; Matt xiii. 47-49). Flying fowl are a symbol of men who not only possess life from God, but also prophetic gifts, or of those in whom the Holy Spirit, which has been imparted to them, works apart from the natural exercise of the understanding and will ; but at the same time this operation of the Holy Spirit in them, though distinct from the rational powers, is not independent of the reason. ' Great whales :' these symbolise the powers of learning in Christendom — great literary institutions, universities, and so forth. . Various huge amphibious monsters symbolise that ungodly, sinful, and corrupt intermingling and con nexion between worldly and spiritual, political and priestly, offices and functions which ultimately invaded the church.' This reminds us of some of the Rev. A. Jukes's expositions, who in the camels which Abraham's servant took with him to fetch Rebeekah, saw figured rough means used by the servants of Christ ' to come to those who, because they are yet in outward things, could not be reached otherwise.' The views of prophecy takenin this book are decidedly millennarian, and many of them we are disposed to think may be correct, though on these points, as on the exposition of types, we would avoid dog matising. We are neither prepared to deny or affirm many of the points upon which the authors write so confidently. They may be right, but they may also be mistaken. There is on some points, such as ' the rapture of the saints' (p. 68 and 59), so great a correspondence between the views of the writers and those of the Plymouth Brethren, that we can conceive a Plymouthist taking up the book and being quite - carried away by the prophetical portion, and the ingenuity with which the writers find prophetic types in every part of the Old Testa ment, until at length he finds himself an Irvingite, almost before he has begun to doubt as to whether the ' Brethren' are not the only apostolic Christians now on earth. Irvingism is on the wane in England, and only two of their apostles, we are informed, are living, and they are not as yet aware how they are to replace them. Here, however, Irvingism has made some disciples, chiefly we believe through the poetry of its types, the aasthetic nature of its ritual, and most of all, perhaps, by the fascination of the prophetic views enunciated by its disciples. Books like God's Purpose witJb Mankind and the Earth may gain it some proselytes from amongst those ' students of prophecy' who are ignorant of what the book is intended to lead them to ; but not from sober-minded inquirers who take up the book knowing what its tendency is, and what the nature of the views it is intended to propagate. The Melbourne Review, July, 1876. Melbourne : S. Mullen, Collins street east. . The third number of the Melbourne Review has just issued from the press, and well sustains the ability of the previous numbers. It con tains eight articles, and whatever difference of opinion there may be as to the views enunciated by a number of independent thinkers, the Review is well worth reading. Most of -the articles would not be deemed unworthy of a place in a London magazine of a similar character. Dr. Bennett's translation of a portion of D'Albertis1 Journey to the Arfah Mountains, Hew Guinea, presentB us with some interesting particulars of the recent visit of that distinguished naturalist to that hitherto unexplored country. Mr. A'Beckett, in his Twenty- five Years' Retrospect, has achieved the somewhat difficult task of epitomising history without being either dull or dry. The Rev. John Legge's paper on Chinese Litera ture introduces us to apart of the great field of literature hitherto explored by few. The Dean of Adelaide, in an able paper on the Supernatural, reviews Mr. Gosman's article upon the same subject in the previous number ; while the Rev. A. Strong writes with much enthusiasm on the character of the late Norman M'Leod, giving, in our opinion, a fair and just analysis of the character of that eminent minister. Mr. N. D. M'Dougal gives some curious particulars on the history of opening letters at the Post-office. Some poetry by Mr. J. Brunton Stephens, and an anonymous article on Parliamentary Reform, con clude a very readable number of our Melbourne Review. , ? . ' - The spectacle of a uniform system of schools (writes Bishop M'Quaid) covering the Republic, with a central authority at Washington, directing the construction of buildings, prescribing studies and text books, appointing and discharging teachers, charms and delights many people. The system is everything in their esti mation. It must be one, common, universal. The means are more important than the end. They would run the whole body of our Children through a common groove. What they do not exclude, because too hard and firm- set to be broken, they would crush through the mould whose form and size suit them. Catholic and Christian and Jew and pagan and atheist must bend and conform to this one mould, which, after many modifications, ends in having the form and shape best adapted to the atheistic thought, idea, or conscience. — A nstralicm Churchman. An unbeliever must undergo the punishment of sense, as well as of loss. 'Thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.' Some hear what God says, and yet neglect and trifle. They shall see its fulfilment with their eyes, but not partake thereof. Both belief and unbelief tend to exhibit God's truth. The grandest operations both in nature and in grace are the most silent and imperceptible. The shallow brook babbles in its passage and is heard by every one, but the coming on of the seasons is silent and unseen. The storm rages and alarms ; but its fury is soon exhausted, and its effects are partial and soon remedied : but the dew, though gentle and unheard, is immense in quantity, and the very life of large portions of the earth. And these are pictures of the operations of grace in the. church and in the soul. The history of Enoch points out the highest aim of a rational creature. He had this testimony that he pleased God. Men will learn to speak, even experimentally, of the doctrines of the gospel ,? but to introduce God into His own world — to know that He is the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, and yet that He will dwell ' with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit' — to behold G-od — to rest in Him — to be satisfied with Him — to cast all our care upon Him — to hold communion with Him — this is being a Christian indeed. Such a man was Enoch ; and God seems to say concerning him — I will put a mark upon this man ; he shall depart out of the world more honourably than others ; after he is gone his character shall be recorded in My Word ; and it shall be seen that a poor fallen creature can have the privilege of being made capable of pleasing God. He shall leave a testimony to the end of the world that in desiring and endeavouring to please God he was not dis \ appointed. In imitating examples there are two rules to be regarded i we must not stretch ours beyond our measure ; nor must we despise that in another which is unsuitable to ourselves. There are few who do not feel that they are suffering through life the effects of their own precipitation. He, then, that trusteth his own heart is a fool. In precipitate moments we should learn to say, ' I am not now the man to give an opinion, or to take a single step 1' To expect disease wherever he goes, and to lay himself out in the application of remedies, is that habit of mind which is best suited to a Christian while he passes through the world, if he would be most effectually useful. Constitutional bias is a suspicious interpreter of providential lead ings. A man's besetting sin lies in that to which his nature is most inclined ; and therefore, to walk wisely and holily. he should be very jealous of such supposed leadings in providence as draw with his constitutional propensity. He is never safe unless he is in the act of collaring his nature as a rebel, and forcing it into submission. It is one of the curses of error that the man who is the subject of it, if he has had the opportunity of being better informed, cannot possibly do right so far as he is under it. He has brought himself into an utter incapacity of acting virtuously, since it is vicious to obey an ill- informed conscience if that conscience might have been informed ; and certainly vicious to disobey conscience, whether it be well or ill-informed. Nothing can be proposed so wild and so absurd as not to find a party — and- often a very large party — ready to espouse it. It is a sad reflection on human nature, but it is too true. Every day's experience and history confirm it. It would have argued gross ignorance of man kind to expect even Swedenborgianism to be rejected at once by the common sense of men. He who laid the snare knew that if a few characters of some learning and respectability could be brought to espouse it, there would be soon a silly multitude ready to follow. Humiliation is the spirit of our dispensation ; not a creeping, servile, canting humility, but an entire self-renunciation. The mystics often talk admirably on this subject. Pride is the most universal and inveterate of all vices. Every man is a proud man, though all are not equally proud. No sin harasses the Christian so much nor accompanies him so unweariedly. Its forms of exhibiting itself are infinitely varied, and none are more common than the affectation of humility. The assumption of the garb of humility in all its shades is generally but an expression of a proud mind. Pride is the master sin of the spirit ; and the grace of God in the whole tenor of our dispensation is directed against it. 