THE CHARGES AGAINST TH1 SECRETARY FOR MINES. The Brough Smyth board of inqury resumed its sittings on Saturday, when the principal business transacted was the examination of the secretary for Mines relative to his work on the aborigines of Victoria. This work, according to Mr. Smyth's own statement, has already ocou - nied over sixteen years in its compilation, and will probably cost the Government close on, £2 000 exclusive of the time which Mr. bmyth has himself lavished on it. To the prosaic secretary for Mines the task of placing on record the pedigrees and habits of our sable brethren wah " a labour of love," and the suc cessful completion of his task was One of the objects of his life. The board questioned him narrowly on the amount of time consumed in the office, and also on the probable expense to the State of t interesting addition to the . literary records of the colony. Moreover, the board desired to ascertain whether the work had been undertaken with the sanction of the Minister then in office, but to none of these questions could Mr. Smyth return a satisfactory answer. He believed that Government had understood it was to be an official work, but no memoranda existed on the subject, and finally he admitted that he could produce no authority under which the work was undertaken. At rising it was stated the board would meet again on Tuesday morning, when the cross-examina- finn nf Mr Qmxrfll wnnlfl lift P.OTniTl6IlC6CL The Brough Smyth board of inquiry sat again on Tuesday, and made considerable progress to wards the completion of its labours. Prior to taking the evidence of the witnesses called by Mr. Smyth, a complaint was made by Mr. Stewart that the other side had not supplied him with a list of the witnesses to be examined. This he pointed out was a direct breach of faith, as a promise had been distinctly given that the names of the witnesses would be submitted at least some hours before they were called, and the non-fulfilment of the promise had placed him at a considerable disadvantage. The chairman fully endorsed the remarks of Mr. Stewart, and reflected on the discourtesy which Mr. Smyth's advisers had displayed in the matter. The board then settled itself down to hear the evi dence of the witnesses which Mr. Smyth called. They did not improve his case however, for of all persons in the department they knew least about Mr. Smyth. Two of them were not employed in the office at all, but had been brought over from the Government Printing Office, to which they were attached, n n /I nr fVm nrrlprs nf secretary for Mines. Of course they knew nothing personally against Mr. Smyth, and they did not fail to say so, but the ghost of a smile was visible on more faces than one in the room when the cross-examination by Mr. Stewart elicited the naive confessions as to the scene of their labours. Mr. Smyth's advisers persisted in examining only junior officers during the early part of the sitting, and the question was asked why they did not at once proceed to the point, and examine the heads of the respective branches. Later on, several senior officers were examined, but their testimony was, for the most part, rather damaging to the secretary than otnerwise. The Brough Smyth board of inquiry met again on Wednesday at the Mining Department The principal feature of the sitting was the examination of Brown, the senior messenger, who was called as a witness on behalf of Mr. Smyth, but under cross-examination gave evi dence that materially tends against that gentle man. Another witness named Cohen, who had first signed the charges against Mr. Smyth, and then withdrawn his name from them was also called for the defence, but was found to have a somewhat treacherous memory under cross- examination. He could remember hardly any thing. Portions of Brown's evidence, in which he was driven to confess his straits, the conse quence of Mr. Smyth's orders never to say that he was out, caused a smile to play over the judicial features of the board. Brown used to beat about the bush, and when in a corner used to say that Mr. Smyth's hat and stick were Hot in. 