The W*Àï»JW.-In Sydney, for some day V" that. the weather has threatened rain, and very light showers have fallen. Yesterday morning it was very sultry, with a N.B. wind and thick vapoury atmosphere. A thunderstorm set in about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when very heavy rain began to fall, and kept on continuously for some three hours. Last night there was every prospect of a continuance. In some parts of the city the streets were flooded, and this was the condition of things in the neighbourhood of this office, owing to the watercourses being unequal to the unusual rainfall. The Streets have been thoroughly washed, and public health will doubtless be greatly benefited by the cleansing of lanes and sewers. The rain, which has been pretty general throughout the colony, will be most welcome to pastoralists and agriculturists and not only seas New South Wales been favoured with genial showers, but the neighbouring colonies of Victoria and Tasmania have shared in the blessing. In the forenoon it was raining in the west and south, and looked like rain in the north. In the afternoon a thunderstorm passed over the northern townships, and it was raining in the south and west. Oliver Cromwell. We have received a number of letters in defence of Oliver Cromwell. Our correspondents have the best of intentions, and some of them have addressed themselves to their task with much ability, but we cannot see any good purpose to be answered at present by raising the first or by discussing the memory of the Great Protector. Juvenile Concert. - The success which attended the presentation of the " Flower Queen," by Mr. J. C. Fisher's Juvenile Choir, a short time ago, induced Mr. Fisher to repeat it at the School of Arts yesterday evening. There was a very good attendance, particularly in the front part of the hall, and there is no doubt that had the weather been fine, the audience would not have been far short of that on the previous occasion. The choir was assisted by Mr. A. Fairfax, and Mr W. G. Broadhurst officiated as accompanist. The first part of the concert consisted of a miscellaneous collection of songs, duets, &c.;, and the "Flower Queen" constituted the second part. The singing all through was excellent, and some of the singers-who acquitted themselves best in the soles and duets wore awarded special, demonstrations of appreciation. Botanic Gardens The headquarters band will perform on Saturday, the 18th instant, at 3 p.m., weather permitting. Wkslkyan Sajibath-schools.-The annual excursion of the Wesleyan Sabbath- schools, First Circuit, took place yesterday to Chowder Bay, and but for the thunderstorm which came on during the afternoon, everything passed off most successfully. The steamers Quandong and Leipoa were engaged to convey the excursionists to the picnic grounds, and the committee appointed to carry out the affair were indefatigable in their exertions to provide amusement both for the children and the visitors. Town-hall, Newtown. On Wednesday evening last the Rev. Dr. Gilchrist delivered his lecture on "The Life and Work of William III., Prince of Orange, to a large and appreciative audience. At the conclusion of the lecture, which lasted about two hours, a cordial vote of thanks was given to the lecturer, on the motion of Mr. G. H. Sparkes, seconded by Mr. Alexander Swanson. Bourke Ward Elections preliminary meeting of electors favourable to the return of Mr. John Young to represent Bourke Ward in the City Council was held last night at Mr. Camb s, Commercial Hotel, King-street. Notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather, a large number of electors were present, and, Mr. George Hurley having been called upon to occupy the chair, formed themselves into a committee. Mr. Poulton accepted the office of secretary of committee. Copies of The Echo newspaper, containing a letter from Mr. Young on municipal matters, apart from the election, were circulated in the room. The committee will make known by advertisement the arrangements they propose in furtherance of their object. . . Sydney Infirmary -The following cases have been treated at the Sydney Infirmary Henry Barton, aged twenty, for injuries received while playing cricket: John Ryan, aged forty, stonemason's labourer, for injuries to one hand we en lifting a lege stone ; Stephen Ungar, for a cut artery on the wrist 'from which there was profuse bleeding), received while unpacking a crate of glassware. A New Arrival A couple of days ago a young man named Rider was brought up at one of our Police Courts upon the supposition of being of unsound mind, an i as the circumstances connected with the case are of an exceptional character, and likely to excite attention, we publish them pretty well as they were told in Court. Ridley arrived in the colony a few days since in the Brucklay Castle from London. The captain of the ship, in his evidence stated that Riley came on board only a few minutes before the ship left, that he was a first-class passenger, and was shipped early in August, and from the 23rd of the same month has shown symptoms of mental aberration. Ridley's brother paid for his passage out, and a sum of money has been deposited with the ship's agent- at home to pay for his return ; the captain, however, said that he would have refused to take Ridley on board had he known of his condition ; he had to pay a man specially to look after Ridley, who had only just left school at Edinburgh, and who he (the captain) presumed had been sent out for the benefit of his health, because he has'! shown signs of lunacy. He had gone about the deck naked ; he got over the side: and had set fire to his bedding, and destroyed his cabin furniture, so that the captain had him placed in irons to prevent him from doing any further mischief. Upon the recommendation of two me 'real men Ridley was sent to the lunatic asylum at Darlinghurst. Fbke Public Library at Redfern At a Meeting of the Borough Council of Redfern, held on Wednesday evening, it was resolved to take steps For the establishment of a free public library in connection with the municipality. A public meeting in furtherance of the object is to be held at an early date. Attempted Escape of Communists from Kew Cardonia. By the arrival of the schooner Noumea yesterday morning, we learn from Captain Scaplehorn' that on the 2nd instant twelve prisoners seized a steamer lunch and went to sea. The alarm being given.- the French war steamer Seudre immediately went in. chase, and succeeded in recapturing ten of the men 1 "the remaining two jumped overboard and were drowned. Warehouse United Cricket Association. -A. meeting of the above was held at the Oxford Hotel, King-street, last Wednesday evening, Mr. W. Hinwood in th e chair. A very good number attended, and nine of the principal warehouse s of Sydney were represented. James, as previously suggested by the committee, were adopted, and other necessary rules were to upied. After the above was arranged with iatisfa' tion, the office-bearers were accordingly elected, consisting of President, Mr. Prince; four vice-presidents, Messrs. B. De Lissa, Jamieson, J. B. Lark, and H. W. Myers ; W. Hinwood, honorary treasurer ; H. Myers, jun., honorary secretary. A vote of thanks was then accorded to Mr. Hinwood, sad, after a very pleasant evening, the success being much greater than was anticipated, the meeting ter- miner d. Billiards The attention of our reader is directed to the fact that Mr. J. Roberts, jun., the champion billiard player of the world, will give a farewell series of inhibitions of his matchless skill with the cue at the Masonic Hall, commencing this Sunday) evening, previous to his departure for India. A ne fame of Mr. Roberts as a billiard player is so well known that any enumeration of his feats would be unnecessary. He has met all the best players of the Australasian colonies, giving them from 500 to '50 points out of 4000, and has generally come off victorious. In New Zealand he vanquished Weston, who is supposed to be the finest player in this quarter of the globe, giving him 680 out of a 1000, and de """gg himself from the use of his favourite spot smoke. He has accomplished the astonishing feat of Wring a thousand p arts in one our and two minutes, Being nearly ten minutes less than any previous player whom line " in' To-night the champion will V ¡Si , Bran' giving him 700 points on Saturday are P . Crs Lancaster, with the same odds. On i" ¡¡y*"wons of Saturday next ended Friday, November 5, Mr. Roberts will give exhibitions for ladies. Fire near the Bathurst Railway MATIN ,"~0n the 13th instant (writes the Free Press) on. Howell had gone to her daughter's hut, a short distance away, and after remaining there a short time Prepared to return home, but on looking out she saw *"««<Jence in flames. The alarm was raised and iz?'^lghbours ran immediately to render assistance W . read obtained too great a hold, and the oil Vitali the furniture, bed and bedding, were completely destroyed. The only thirds saved from we flames were the Bible, very much scorched, and a is 00 containing thirteen sove eigns. Mrs. Howell con..9;»» Amongst the property destroyed was a bloc cowarning between £70 and 80 in notes. EifoÎNKRRiNO Association of New South Wales The monthly meeting of this Association was held yesterday evening at the Association's rooms, School of Arts. Mr N. Selfe presided. The minutes of two previous meetings were read and con firmed, The chairman read a letter from the secretary of the School of Arts, stating that the subject of a technical college had been under the consider- ation- of the committee for several years, and its consummation had only been delayed for the want of accommodation. It also stated that it was now proposed to build temporary premises for the purpose with the funds at their disposal and they would be glad to receive any suggestions from the Engineering Association on the matter. The committee of the; School of Arts had further communicated with the Trades' and Labour Council, asking their co- operation,, and that body had replied, express-, ing their willingness to co- operate after they had communicated with the various trades affiliated with the main society. The chairman said that he entered is to this question of technical education most heartily. At the same time, he thought if they attempted to estab- lish technical schools like those in England they would fail. But they might do something in a more humble way. They did not, for instance, want a school for instruction, in the finer description of pottery or ceramic ware. Our pottery production here was of the very richest description, and we were not likely to introduce new patterns. His idea was that what was wanted was instruction in the scientific principles involved in the practice of trades and professions carried on in the colony, so that tradesmen might have that thorough knowledge which would command success. If the Government would only grant money, they might get a laboratory properly furnished, and get a thoroughly experienced chemist to give lectures, and also get lectures on engineering and practical carpentry, and on the scientific principles involved in other trades. The Hon. John Sutherland expressed his gratification at this movement in favour of technical instruction, with the view to the better development of the resources of the colony. This was the only society that imparted technical instruction, and he had therefore felt it to be his duty to join it, such was his estimate of the value of scientific knowledge as applied to the mechanical trades. A conversational discussion then took place as to the best mode of in parting technical instruction whether through the agency of the Public schools or by such institutions as Schools of Arts. On the motion of Mr. John Laing, the consideration of the subject was postponed until the next meeting. Discovery of Coal Information was received by the Victorian Mining Department of V e discovery of what appears to be a valuable seam of coal near Coleraine, v here a shaft has been sunk to the depth of between 50 and 60 feet. A bed of lignite, 12 inches thick, was found at a depth of 11 feet. The Age states that a specimen of this, when analysed, was found to contain 40 per cent, of pure carbon, and 4 per cent, of ash. At a depth of 46 feet another seam was found of considerable thickness, with a bed of clay interlaying that and one beneath it, the latter being 3 feet 6 inches thick. The samples sent of these lower strata were found of no less value than those above. Violent Hailstorm; on the Downs The Emu Creek correspondent of the Toowoomba Chronicle writes under date October 26 as follows :-" I regret to inform you that the crops here have suffered very much from the unusually heavy hail storms of Tuesday and Wednesday last, and the prospects of an abundant harvest have been blighted in a good many cases in consequence On Mr. M. Gulhane's farm twenty seven acres of wheat were completely spoiled by the hailstones in the storm of Tuesday last, and he is having the crop mowed down for hay He estimates his loss at about £200. Nearly seven acres of when belonging to Mr. L. McPherson have been seriously damaged from the same cause, and on the farm of Mr. John McPhail fifteen acres of wheat arid fifteen acres of barley are destroyed, only a few stalks standing, and they are minus the heats. Nearly all the farmer s have suffered more or less, so that a worse evil than the rust has she ped in and robbed them of the reward of their labour. The hail- stones are reported from all sides to have ranged from the size of half- an-inch to six inches in circumference, and not only broke windows but even broke window frames, and, as in the cases of Messrs. Roberts, Wilkinson, and Culhane, knocked holes through the roofs of houses and barns Mr. Roberts has been obliged to put tarpaulins over his house as a temporary protection against the rain, the reason it having been e mpletely riddled. Mr. Wilkinson showed me holes in the iron of his roof caused by the hailstones four inches square. Mr. M'Phee put one of the hailstones on the scales and it weighed over a pound weight, and after the storm the stones were picked up in bucketfuls, as large as oranges. ' Laying of the Foundation-Stone of St. Stephen's Church, Nattai The ceremony of laying the foundation of a new Church of England church at Nattai was performed by the Bishop of Sydney on the 9th instant. The Scrutineer says that the day was an exceedingly unpleasant one, being very windy an i hot, and over the enclosure where the stone was laid clouds of dust were wafted in quick succession, but notwithstanding all the drawbacks, fully five hundred persons were present at the appointed hour. The Bishop arrived by the 4.40 train that day from Sydney, and was immediately driven, together with the officiating clergymen present, to Oaklands, the residence of Mr. H. E. Southey. About 3 o'clock, his Lordship, accompanied by the Revs. J. Dixon (the pastor of the parish), J. D. Langley, S. Fox, and A. W. Pain, entered the enclosure, and took up a position in front of the stone. Amongst those present we also noticed the Rev. J. Dymock (Presbyterian), and Rev. Mr. Wiles (Wesleyan). After the ceremony there was a tea and public meeting in the temporary church. A Mischievous Hoarse hoax reflecting considerable discredit on the perpetrators is said by the Goulburn Herald to have been played off on Sunday last. A lad named Bellamy, who is now on bail awaiting his trial on a charge of robbing a Chinaman, together with two young men named M'Kinlay and Burgess, and one or two others, were bathing near the Willows, wheN, according to Bellamy's statement, they found a piece of pasteboard bearing the representation of a human skull, with words written underneath to the effect that when found the writer would never be seen again, and requesting that the body might have Christian burial. Bellamy said that he gave the pasteboard t > M'Kinlay. Although this was said to have occurred early in the morning, the police were not informed till about two o'clock in the afternoon, when Bellamy's father, having just heard the statement from his son, felt it his duty to report the circumstance. On inquiry from M'Kinlay. he stated that he had given the pasteboard to his children ; but they denied having received it. The police accordingly regarded the matter as being open to grave doubt, but nevertheless Spent. some time in dragging the waterhole, but without any result. Bush Pres. The country around Braidwood has been on fire in all directions. The Dispatch says that, on the 12th instant, it being very clear, Buddawang and the coast ranges presented a grand sight. For miles together, without interruption, a belt of lurid name, with awful grandeur, shot up into the sky, the giant trees of the of rest, which have stood so many times, succumbing at last to the devouring element. The fires have been very fierce also about Reidsdale and Araluen. On the 14th, the whole country was enshrouded in the smoke brought up by the sea breeze. Tornado at Port Arthur, We learn from the Hobart Town Mercury that one of the heavy gales which prevailed in Hobart Town on the 7th instant assumed at Port Arthur the more alarming form of a furious tornado, blowing down the steeple of the Anglican Church, and seriously damaging several buildings, besides causing great destruction among trees, or wherever anything was exposed to the fury of the storm. Theatre Royal Tuesday evening was the last night of the dramatic season at this theatre, and it was set apart for Mr. G. D. Chaplin's benefit. It was certainly unfortunate for him that the evening proved, so wet, for few but strong friends and admirers were at all likely to face the rain for the purpose of seeing " Hamlet" produced on the last night of the season, even although Mr. Chaplin was to appear as the Danish Prince. The cast was-Hamlet, Mr. Chaplin; Ophelia, Miss Mary Young ; Claudius, Mr. Woolfe Queen, Miss Nellie Maher ; Horatio, Mr. J. H. Rainford ; Polonius, Mr. Welsh ; Ghost of Hamlet's father, Mr. W. G. Carey ; first gravedigger, Mr. J. South. Mr. Chaplin s impersonation of Hamlet has already been criticised, and it is not necessary to say more. Nor, under all the circumstances, would it be quite fair to enlarge upon the merits or shortcomings of the rest of the company. A fine performance of such a plays Hamlet for a single night, and that night the last of the season, could" hardly be expected. The company did their best, and no one could do more or with better will than was done by them to render a brother actor a benefit successful. The Theatre Royal will be closed this evening in order to complete the pre- ? parations for the opera on Saturday night 