A LADY'S VISIT TO Nlf.VV 7TP. ATA YD By publishing my notes ; on; New Zealand I intend to show how a lady may perfectly well travel .by herself, : provided/; she be healthy-, strong, .good-tempered, and ready to put up with some hardships, both with regard-to actual travelling as well as aeoomniodation. ; As yet it- is .rather ; rough travelling in New - Zealand; roads hav"e only been. made in some - places four or five years ago, in some even ; more recently, and; the coaches do bump one about mercilessly. However, - it is healthy, exercise after all,' and,- in fine weather, most enjoyable. : I wish also to try and induce peopleiroin all parts of the world to come-. and see this' mo8t : interesting country, blessed with a beautiful climate throughout, and abounding in lovely scenery.; - ; I am fully aware that upwards. of forty- books, have, been written bn.Ne>y ZcalancWsome by an able pen, learned and scientific, descriptions that enter, into statistics and pplitics. . My notes lay claim to.nothing of that kind— they inerely tell whfit.Lliave seen in Now . Zealand, >.iand .how I fared among its inhabitants. -i, ;It.was on the 10th of March, ,1876,;a broiling hot day, that I left -Sydney ; for Ne.w; Zealand. The steamer. Viking , yvpa to .carry , me to Aucli- land, and from thence. 1 intended- making a tour. through;.the -two principal islands; the North and South. Island,, which comprise New- Zealand. Stewart Island, though- it-is the' third, .island in. the gi;oup, is insignificant, and.neyer mentioned. Though the iViking ,was to, sail at. , 1 1. a.m., it ; was thought expedient ,to be on .board about 10, frouii ,;a., dislike of being.. Late, or,, in ,, a hurry.- Moreover, - bad sailors .require time , to prepare everything . for lying down,, at once, should this, become; necessary. : The hurry -and, bustle on board, increased as the time of departure drew, near. .Few congenial faces .were seeii among my fellow, passengers. They were mostly emigrants, just arrived in New . South Wales-.going on to New .Zealand, a fair sprinkling of commercial travellers, and a few. Israelites!, . .. At, last the Viking was .off, .sailing down tho proverbially beautiful Sydney Harbour. Every thing looked lovely in the brilliant sun, and, familiar as the sight was , to a resident of seven years, yet, surely no ,one could be insensible to the marvellous beauty of the scene.; ...On nearing the.." IL-ads " the , Viking began, to triake deep curtsies, a motion which does not at all agree, with : me. The berth was at once resorted to, and kept for four long days, during which time no food was tasted. , ,The only liquids which proved beneficial were claret and champagne— the latter, especially, -was ii restorative. The two females who. shared the; same cabin with mo were not desirable company ; ..besides these, . there were some tame rats ; running about, kept there by the Captain in. order to prevent other rats from infesting the ship. Although on the high seas the weather continue'd intensely hot, thus aggravating the discomfort of the voyage, with a head wind into the bargain, and fourteen baby passengers who sent their piercing screams all over the ship. Oh, how indulgent the respective mothers of these babies were ! .What patience, what absence of nerves was there ex hibited ! When the roaring was at, its highest, not one impatient . exclamation or harsh word was ottered, whilst one could have pitched these Horyi 0' Moore's into the sea wholesale, or at least given them something to cry for. When it became at last possible to leave the high- pitched berth, and to dress, though. under diffi culties, for the Viking rolled dreadfully, the kind stewardess had to be depended ..upon for support.' . The. saloon : was, full of. -passengers, who stared at my ghost-like apparition, hot knowing from whence it came so suddenly. One sad and careworn looking gentleman- asked of his neighbour, in an audible, whisper, "Who's that ?" ; " Why, don't you .. .know,", was tho answer ; " that is the Duchess, of , St. Albans,- just c.iine in a boat, and. she is going to travel all over New Zealand by herself." ; The deck is, as everybody knows,, the most desirable place for recovering from the effects of sea sickness. Before reaching it, the Captain's cibin has to bo passed. The door was open, and the Captain McFlyrter is his name) sat there opposite to a .tall, pale lady, stretched oil a sofa, whom I naturally took to be Mrs. McFlyrter. Afterwards 1 knew that she was a lady passenger specially recommended to the Captain's care. This worthy seaman must have had a great deal on his mind— what with the care of the ship, and the number of other ladies who were all consigned to his care and invited into his cabin! Whon it oozed out that the real Mrs. McFlyrter was living in some large seaport town not very far away,. I wondered in my seasick mood whether she would , like all this takiug care of female cargo, or whether. Bhe were a sensible woman and, had got, used to it. However, some ladies had not been consigned to tile Captain's care, and with these I soon became a quainted. They were very kind ; one was to join her husband in Auckland ; the other had just come from Ireland, and was par ticularly ladylike ; a third, wife of a missionary, was a pretty and good woman. The remainder; of the passengers, both female and male (gentle men excepted, and of them we had only about five) devoted their time to flirtations, drinking and gambling. "What'll you have?" or, " We'll play for drinks !" resounded on all sides, together with the peculiar ringing noise of corks being drawn. One of the commercial travellers had succeeded in persuading himself that he was musical — he squinted besides, and his prominent nose protruded like a handle. Ho would persist in singing all sorts of trite and hackneyed melodies, not knowing when to stop. The monotony of the voyage was enlivened first of all by sighting tho northernmost point of North Island, the Three Kings, small rocky islands which look picturesque and gaunt in the moonliglit and nebulous distance. The next day being fine and sunny, we saw the pretty coast to good advantage. The Bay of Islands looked very inviting to get out there and stop for a while. One feels inclined to fancy that a tribe of Maori's : is appearing, crowding the shores and' brandishing weapons of war, but not a soul was to be seen. Cape Brett ' comes next, and is exceedingly hold in all its outlines a dark, grey , , rock, fantastically moulded, partly perhaps by the sea, that must at times dash over it. Unfortunately no photo graph's arc to he had . of these, very pretty hits, on the Eastern coast. A group of rocky islands called the' Poor ; Knights, another further on, the Heir and Chickens,' and then we are in the . Hauraki ."Gulf, and at 3 a.m! the following day we passed through the Waitemaita Harbour and landed in Auckland. It was St! Patrick's Day, a-dnll'moming with drizzling rain ; the harbour! did not look so well as I have seen it look after-' wards in. fine weather.! The magnificent extinct volcano',' 1 Bangitoto, with its clearly-defined , cones, is. a beautiful ornament to the harbour. The shores and bays of the latter, when built 'upon with tasteful villas and residences, will' favourably compare with the Sydney rival. ! The time for bidding good-bye to the Viking had -come. The greater: number of the. pas sengers had left already; save an.-Irish emigrant family, who looked about with forlorn expres sion 'and-dejccted countenance. , Oneof tlie best places. for accommodation in Auckland, for-, ladies who do not wish - to incur, the expense, of an, hotel or pvivate , apartments, ,is the boarding, establishment ...called Clairemont , House, in. Princes-street. ; It is hut an ancient wooden structure; though healthily situated. , The habit of. banging autl slamming; tho- doors in these wooden , tenements,, a practice found, throughout New i Zealand, is at first most distressing and irritating to the nerves, the more, so as the, perpetrators look so. innocent about it, and seenv to have really not ;the faintest.idea, of .the pain; they-, are; thus inflicting. ; The .best thing would be to lvavo no doors ; at ; all, merely curtains in stead : or. if thev will hnve doors, these misrlit be. made without a lock. But then . the look- j smiths would not .like jthat;- for,, undoubtedly, they .must !-ch-ivc. a -- -first-rate trade,, the. locks' being; crashed . and; , .broken . wholesale.- .The ; window : of: .my bedroom- lookedj. out -upon the: harbour j and. llaiigitoto,: i:that /glorious , island- volcano, which .increases; -in /beauty the oftener: it .is, .'seen, - suggesting ajvariety.-of/ideaSj/'and: attracting the eye anew, never' to weary of the.-, sight. : J; '. ; ;!. :i , The inmates Of Clairemont House were all more or. less. agreeable- .'and- -kind ;,;the. first New, Zealand baby that presented itself bore, pretty , little Bessy Lee, and- her. .amiahle mamma,- . were - delightful company.; To any, one. coming from Australia, Sydney especially, where on account of the last prolonged drought and Scorching sun all vegetation -is dried up and withered, the sight of the /pretty green' trees, in, the. Domain,, the Botanical Garden, and those in the Govern ment House grounds, is most, refreshing. . Lady Normaiihy being at home, no, one. was permitted to enter, the! Government Garden ; the people in the rustic little lodge explained ., this very civilly, so I had to-turn away with regret. The Domain; covers an; -area of about,: 30 acres. -of- land, and is tastefully laid out in shady walks where one may walk- 1 without meeting-, many people. The odour , from- the various piue trees is most agreeable,' and from : the neighbouring Zoological and Botanical Garden. . the twitter of sparrows, New Zealand larks, and a few canaries: is heard. Further on;: iipon an extensive grass plot, of the open Domain, stands .the: new Hospital, which . -will shortly he finished: As far as can be seen at present, the infirmary rooms -are- lofty .and well ventilated, having lovely views from, all. sides upon the harbour, with the glorious Baugitoto, the town, the Wai- temata River, Manukau and the Domain. The new Museum -was -not finishes!, . so that the various specimens and curiosities could not he inspected. A trip by rail, or:in a conveyance, to Bemuera, : where Mounts Eden, Hobson, and St. John, form a very pretty landscape, is worth taking. There are soirie very pretty, residences and neat cottages, also fields fenced in by quick set hedges, and birds singing everywhere. The North Shore ought also to, be visited; it is a quiet retreat, reached in , about a quarter of an hour from Auckland in very neat/ and comfort able steamboats. - From the deck the. harbour view and Auckhuid are very pretty indeed. On landing at Victoria wharf,, a hill of the same name, upon .which a flagstaff- is erected, affords a beautiful view on every , side, particularly on the noble Bangitoto, -standing silent and grand, bathed in a succession of indescribable tints as the afternoon sun ; casts its rays upon it. Beautiful secluded . English lanes are on the North Shore,, where the grass .- is ; luxuriantly green; neat hedges. run along one side; in a meadow the silvery feathers of, the graceful Pampas grass are waving ; further on stands a beautiful specimen of the handsome cabbage tree, and a cosy little cottage forms the back ground. t- The lovely swectwatcr lake Talcapuna that is said to he supplied by subterranean waters from Bangitoto, lies on the- North Shore, about five miles distant from the Victoria wharf. I went to visit it on a beautiful sunny day in Juno. Starting at 10 o'clock from Auckland by the North Shore boat, I went first to Bangitoto Beach, a beautiful site for summer residences,- just in front of the noble mountain,- and then went on over very fair roads on foot towards the lake. A Boman Catholic Mission, consisting of a small chapel and a terrace of houses, now quite deserted, are situated not far from the lake. Taking to the right I reached the steep shore, and soon saw the lake spread out before me perfectly still and glistening in the sunlight. A few nativo trees stood along the shore ; 1 sat down under one of thorn and enjoyed the exquisite beauty of the scene before me. A few cottages, with pretty gardens, stretch down to the border of the lake ; the other side is as yet uninhabited, dense bush covering the shore here. From another point the whole lake may he taken in; Bangitoto looks from there ex quisite, and appears to watch lovingly the gem of a lake to which he has given birth. Tho principal church in Auckland is St. Paul's, built of wood, with very roomy pews. Each sitting is labelled, hearing the name of the person who has rented it ; underneath sta!nd3 the announcement that, after the voluntary or the commencement of service, the sitting will he no longer reserved. A very good custom; indeed, which might well ho introduced every where ! The singing of the Apostle's Creed, and responses to the Commandments, is rather startling at first, and seems to do away with tho impressiveness of the simple words though they are so often repeated. The New Zealand; Hymn-book is an improvement compared to Mercer's, used in some churches in Sydney. St. .Matthew's has a better organ than St. Paul's,, and the organist, being probably more experi enced than the one of St. Paul's, acquits himself very well. The choir singing, however, is open- to vast . improvement. The -Now Zealand towns compare favourably with Australian cities in this respect, that no curious staring, no rude, muttered remarks or uncouth collisions in the streets, annoy .the stranger here. The . civility one meets with in shops, or any other place, making inquiries, is noteworthy. . Being much interested in ascer taining to what extent Music -is cultivated and taught, in Auckland, I enquired for the chief Professor. His name is Hoffmann; he lias, a Pianoforte, depot in... Shortland-street, and obliged mo in the most amiablo manner with a' performance on a line harmonium and a very beautiful piano, , by Pleyel of Paris. The pieces chosen -were an arrangement from " Boberto for harmonium, and two songs without words, ; Mendelssohn. Mr. Hoffmann gave particulars with regard to his pupils, and satisfied me in . every way, and on all points, with the utmost kindness. A visit to the workshop of a German cabinetmaker, Scuffert, of Vienna, who works , most artistically tho ibeautiful and varied woods, found in. New Zealand,- is very interesting.1 From, 125 different kinds of- wood this.skilled ; workman makes the most elaborate and intricate , designs upon ;tables,:; sideboards, all kinds; of- boxes, frames, and- many other .articles. , The' inlaid wood is worked and; joined so finely that the, eye. cannot /discern where! the pieces -fit: together. /The various "colours of the wood,! and the . exquisite polish, set off each object most \- admirably. One week having passed .thus pleasantly in Auckland, it became necessary to Set out for. the South, where Nelson was -the first town to bo visited. The ! New Zealand Steam Shipping Company (limited) have -six steamers regularly1 " employed; in -the coastal itrado. of the : colony: > They ; are exceedingly nice, - tidily-kept boats i the food is well prepared land ;of -the best des cription ; the stewards obliging and- respectful, . and;the. stewardess attentive and patient. >i This-.; I -have .-in variably found to/be;. the ease! during ,t several . trips, made, in 'three, different boats, of I this- Company. . The agent in Auckland is, Mr. "VVheeler, Shortland-street; and .tickets may be secured either there or on hoard the steamer. In order to go South' it is necessary , to cross 'the," isthmus on .which Auckland .lies,;. -and embark on tho Wrist coast, where the. Mauukau harbour - is situated. The railway goes there, in about half-an-houiy hut omnibuses, carry passengers - there likewise, only .they never, go .clown 'to. the.' wharf, hut stop at tho principal hotel Viri. the! township of Onehiinga. The 'Company's 'steam boat, . Phoebe, Captain Andrews, was to leave Manukaii on Saturday, March 25, at 9 a.rii, It would have been very inconvenient . to leave. Auckland on that morning at so early ah liohr; as to be oil board in time ; it was; therefore., decided to leave for Oheliuiiga.the day previous, and stop at the Manukau Hotel, Mr. Harding- toh's, an exceedingly comfortable , and well- - managed establishment. The Phoebe, was lying!, alongside the pier, and when the luggage -had been ! safely , deposited in her, under -personal supervision, an inspection of. the Ladies' , cabin tended to satisfy in every way. The rest of the afternoon was devoted to a pleasant ramble in the neighbourhood of Onehunga; and the asceri-.! sion of Mount Mangere, from which a pretty view is to be had. Snug homesteads and grazing cows, the empty crater of tlic once active Hill, huge blocks of stone cast about indiscrimi nately, a lonely Maori woman coming alonfa track that leads to her pali, and with it all a delicious breeze to temper the fatigue of climbing. The. waters of the Manukau harboiir ' are rioted for being boisterous, owing, as Hoch- stetter explains this, to ebb, and flbw and -the , prevailing west winds, which cause a coritiiirial motion in the water. Heavy showers of rain - having , fallen on the morning of , departure, Captain Andrews thought ho might not be able . to get outside the harbour. . Fortunately, this skilful navigator of forty years experience, keep- .' ing a steady lookout on the bridge, motioning . now and then with his hand to the man at the wheel, never raising his voice for 'commands,"' managed to bring the Phoebe through heaiiti- fully. - Beside the usual complement of coni-." moreial travellers, or swagsmeii, as they, are called- by some, there were two lady passengers,' one exceedingly, nervous, who anticipated with dread the troubles of sea-sickness ; the other. . was a young widow, of not unprepossessing appearance, who shaved the same cabin with myself. : She was dressed in fashionable mourri- -ing, and her hair was piled up in the approved style! She expatiated largely on her late troubles, having lost her husband six weeks before; but she added triumphantly, and in a confidential whisper, that she had, shortly after his death, an offer of marriage from three differ ent gentlemen. She drew back a little and sur veyed me froin a distance,' to judge of the result that this stunning announcement would have with me, who am a Miss of very longstanding, . I felt very lmmhle ! . ; ( To he continued. 