CHILDREN'S CHRISTMAS. The Transformed Stockings. Part I. CHRISTMAS EVE. little children in their bed, Both their stockings on the wall; Not a thought disturbs their dreams— That is, if they dream at all. Part 11. CHRISTMAS MOBKIira. , When the Christmas morning cornea, Both the children bounce from bed: « Wh cc, —ew!" That was all the children said. We heard a young gentleman the other day daring to aak questions about Santa Clans. Let our little friends by all means beware of un belief in the pretty atones which children have been told hundreds and hundreds of years. Of course we hare all read of the German legend of Santa Claus: Before going to sleep on Christmas Eve it is the custom for children to hang up their 'stockings at the foot of the bed, or dn the wall, and during the silent hours of the night Santa Glaus, so it is stated, descends the chimney to deposit in the stockings gifts for all good children, while if anyone has been naughty, the tiny white- bearded fat dwarf Si Nicholas will leave a nice stinging switch, instead of sweetmeats. Master Horace said to his mamma the other day: " I say, mamma, if Santa Claus is such a little elf as you say he is, how coold he climb up upon my bed ?" This is very sad, for Horace is only a child after all; and yet he dares to doubt the story in which thousands of children in England, America, France, Germany, Belgium, and other countries firmly believe. Besides, will Master Horace be good enough to tell us where the bonbons, toys, and oranges came from ? Can he deny that last Christmas morning both he and Elsie found all sorts of good things in their stockings, which were hung up at the foot of their comfortable, nioely painted iron bedstead ? Who put them there if Santa Claus did not ? And if Santa Claus did not desoend the chimney, as Horace insists he did not, for the best of all reasons, namely, that there is no fireplace in the room, what does it signify ? Bless us, if so potent and good- natured a little mystery king as Santa Claus wanted to come into your room and bestow his favor upon you in the shape of pleasant gifts, is there not the door, is there not the window, is there not even the keyhole? We must not offend the kind hearted Santa by supposing that he would, under those circumstances, stop short of a keyhole or two, and everybody knows that when fairies, and elves, and sprites and the like, come out of their wonderful realms of gossamer and light, and visit children's bedrooms in Queensland or elsewhere, they will suffer no obstruction ; even the disgraceful roads in South Brisbane would not stop them, and if there were not only no chimneys, but no doors, and therefore no key-holes, and no windows, Santa Claus would, if he intended to come, still find means of entering your room without making the ghost of a noise. Horace, who is rather a wilful little man, shakes his head and says he doesn't care; he will keep awake all night and throw his shoe at the mysterious visitor—but he artfully adds that he will keep quiet until after the stockings have been duly filled. Perhaps, therefore, it will be best to inform Horace once for all that Santa Claus is never seen by mortal eyes, and that little boys and girls who have been known to keep awake by turns, in order to see who really brings the gifts, always drop dead asleep just before the presents begin to tumble into the stockings. 