DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Anglican Cfcttrcii. in thB was opened -at-fit. *fanl' street, onTuesday. jnorning,. May 16,atth8ff5past llVclock, when Holy;Cpmmunion was ^knSzii stered. There was^nly-a small congregation. The surplioed choir,oonsisting partly of clergy, walked in processional order up the main aids, of church th^* fallowed lyjtellmm and Chapter, and the Bishop, preceded hy tire pastoral staff, borne byone of the clergy, - 'The body of the church' was occupied by a nUtnbpr of the clergy and laity attending the Synod. Among - those present were Archdeacons Marryaf-and Dove and Canon Coombs, The Bishop ; read the Communion Service and the Gospel, and Dean Bussell the Epistle, * Hymn 320, from-the A, and M. Hymnal; was song, and theQffertory taken on behalf of the Cathedral Fcuid, Arch. Marryat reading the offertory Sentences."'5 After the_administratoon of the Communion the Bishop delivered thefollowing, ■ r. - tPastoral Address. Bev.and Dear Brethren—In my address last year I offered some remarks conducive to abetter understanding of certain theological terms, which being misapprehended, in their dbotrinal import had mLed up mid walls of partition .1 . md - among the cle.-cy, ana thrown many lay mem bers into an attitude of suspicion if not Absolute hostility. Bonger experience ml more enlarged, views have in some degree modified' those feelings. Conscientious discharge of parochial duties, joined to a kind and loving spirit, have in many instances restored confidence and engen dered respect. It is now admitted, I think, that a rigid uni formity in liturgical worship is ill-adapted to the variety of tastes and feelings which pervades every large community; and that within the re cognised limits of our .Reformed Church congre gations should be left in undisturbed enjoyment of ritual more or less ornate, and hymnology more or less fervent. Provided her scriptural teaching and sober spirit of devotion are hob compromised, the Anglican Church can adapt itself to the warmth of imaginative devotion, or the Bimpler needs of uncultured enthusiasm. During the agitation of this question of ritual, there have not been wanting some who by harsh proceedings would have precipitated a schism. Better counsels, however, have pro vailed; more frequent opportunities of discussion in Church Congresses, the meeting face to fees of the clergy of different schools of thought, the candour and gentleness manifested on all sides towards opponents, have enabled leading Church men, though differing In opinion, better toappre ciate the worth and faithfnlnoRB of their brethren. More, then, is to be feared fremhasty judgments than dispassionate examination of the questions in dispute. The wisdom of Parliament also seconding the-. reasonable demands of theheadB of theChurch has advantageously reformed the ecclesiastical judicature. A Judge of high character, ap pointed by the ArchbfehopaofCanterbuiy and York as Dean of Arehes,how hears disputed causes of ritual involving doctrine, and interprets, under appeal to the Supreme Judicature of r$he Bealm, the legal meaning of the formularies, rubricB, and Acta of Parliaments which define the rights and duties of clergy and laity within the Church by law established.' Few; i think, will be found to sat themselves against the -fate when once thns authoritatively declared, if. we need an illustration of the mischievous division caused by misinterpretation of language, it may be found in the persistent refusal of theGreek Church to recognise the orthodoxy of the Western in regard to the procession of the Holy Ghost. I allude to this as it may possibly be given to the Anglican Church in conjunction with the Old Catholic Communion in Germany by demonstrating the subslardial unity of belief in the Greek and Latin Churches to restore their long-interrupted communion.* Well would it be for the Universal Church if the deep, learning and conciliatory spirit of Dr. Dollinger pervaded all separate bodies of Chri^ tiams, and that they would conscientiously try to understand each other's difficulties, looking to the points whereon they agree rather than insist on those in which they differ ; for the pvaer as well as influence of the Universal Church is vastly diminished by present standing apart. It may be readily iurid, "Physician, heal thy self." Well, then, my object is to find a bams (and the only bams it appears to me) on which union is possible. It is not Infallibilism, it is not Individualism, bat it is " Churchism."—the belief that Christ Himself on the day of His resurrection, instituted and armed with divine authority a visible 'Society or Church to which " He added daily such as should be saved." Such Is the doctrine which I propose briefly to illustrate from Scripture, for to the neglect or denial of it we owe, I believe, that Rationalistic criticism which would cast down from all - authority the Holy Scripture, the foundation of oar beliefs ard hopes. That there was great need of some such ex ternal witness 4° the Scriptures—some such guide to distinguish genuine from spurious Gospels, the faith once delivered to the saints from the additions of heresy and later supersti tion—is sufficiently obvious. And some such standpoint for our common, faith becomes still more necessary in these days, when improved education stimulates enquiry, and demands a reason for the faith propounded for its acceptance. At the same time, there is a y earning for closer fellowship in the Gospel, and more united ministerial action on every side. The first symptom of. such a desire was the proposal many years ago for " Evangelical Alliance;"but the principle of alliance implies normal separa tion in opposition to the primitive dogma of "one holy Catholic and Apostolic Church." It tended, however, to call forth Christian: sympathy. Since that Alliance began it seems as If Independency had softened into Congrega tionalism, and Congregationalism, in despite of ife name, were gravitating towards union. Again, the Baptist, minimizing the grounds of Ms separation, fraternizes with Psedo-Baptists. The Presbyterian repudiates bis ancient claim of divine right, and, forgetting past antagonism, allies himself with the Independent. Every where disintegration seems to be setting in. Cohesion is overpowered by attraction from without. Aleanwhile freethought and Rationalisticcriti cism are eating into the heart of negative Pro testantism, from which the zeal and fervour of old Puritanism has departed. Union, therefore, seems more than ever desirable for those who believe that "there ib one God and oae mediator between God and man, the Man .Christ Jesus." The great hindrance to such union I imagine our Protestant brethren conscientiously believe to be the connection between the Church and State in England. Were the civil and-social distinction hence arising removed, they think that the separation between themselves and the Anglican clergy would come to an end. 1 shall not enter here into the historic con tinuity of life, through many changes and chances, of the Church of England from the days of its first martyr St. Alban to the present time; but it is my conviction, looking to-the American Episco pal Church, that disestablishment would in no wise.have that effect. I acknowledge the talent, energy, learning, piety, and respectability of many ministers not of our communion. 1 have always entertained a hope that as time went on some method would be found whereby they might, without wounding feeling or conscience, combine' with us to evangelize a sinful world. I need hardly remind you how this hope found expression in my letter to the Bev. T. Binney in 1858, fiis reply, contained in his " Church otg" the_ Future," effectually dispelled the " dream' which I had entertained. Athanasius contend ing against the world for the Catholic Faith. (not Ms own private judgment) was adduced to sanction the principle that "one may he a Church as well as three," and it was asserted that the Church was once " centralized" (wMch does not mean individualised) in Aim. The diffe rence between the believers in a Catholic and Apostolic Church, aud those who maintain that " every individual may be a Church in Mmself" then appeared essentially irreooncileable. I am not pronouncing ex cathedra that the Anglican Churchman is right and the Indivi dualist's view wrong. I am simply endeavouring to bring into view the direct antagonism of their principles, and to point out that before co- operation or union can take place, it must be shown that the one or the other principle is untenable accord ing to Scripture. I now therefore briefly set before you the facts which justify our belief in the divine origin and inspired authority of a Catholic and Apostolic Church, and make loyal adherance to it .as an obligation of conscience^ and not an uncharitable prejudice. The visible Church of Christ grow directly out of the Mosaic. The olive-tree from which the Hebrew natural branches were broken off, -and wild branches from the Gentile world grafted; in, preserved unbroken its continuity of life. The Apestios were to /'sit upon twelve thrones judgingthe twelve tribesof Israel." They were to be the spiritual beads of the new Israel. The elder dispensation accordingly closed with that last passover which in gloom and sadness at even on -the dv of srepEntioB our Lord its with tlis Apos&L; I^would. eat no more^cl that typical pasEover, for it would be fulfilled and superseded by the sacrifice of Himself. He would drink no more of that fruit_ of the Tine until he drank it new, as representing His own moist precious blood, in the kingdom of God. t Tn iftBB f.hfkn forty-eight hours He fnlnlled thftt prediction. He made Himself known after His resurrection to His disciples at KmmatiB in 'the " breaking of bread recalling the sacrament of His Body and Blood which He had instituted just before He suffered. Later on that evening and in the same upper chamber He gave to the eleven their Apostolio Mission. " As my Father hath sent me so send I you." He also breathed onjhem and said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost. "Whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained." The day itself also was consecrated by His resurrection, bring the first day of the week, to be the Christian Sabbath. In these recorded circumstances we find the framework of the Apostolio Church which was become Catholic—Apostolic commission— Apostolic authority—plenary Inspiration—the -belief of His Churoh in the Father, Himself the Christ, and the Holy Ghost—the redeeming -sacrifice of Himself as the true passover—Hi j resurrection from the dead—the power of bind ing or loosing sinners—the ministration of the sacraments—the keeping holy the first day of the week as the Lord's Day—the unity of the Church -concentrated in the company of the Apostle* in that tipper chamber! But as Hit -epiphany, after His birth st Bethlehem, to the Gentiles was deferred for a short interval, so the manifestation of His Church, as destined to embrace all nations and languages, wps post poned until the Day of Pentecost, where, by the visible descent of the Holy Ghost, the gift of languages was poured out upon the Twelve Apostles and whole body of believers, together with the gift of discerning spirits. They were -thus .fitted to be the Evangelists of the world. This gift of tongues was at once followed by the conversion and baptism of three thousand souls. The Apostolio ministry was then enlarged. The ApostieB laid hands on the seven Deacons. The Church had already grown to a great multitude -of menand women; but alter that ordination, the "number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly, and a great company of the prieBte were obedient to the frith." Acts vL 7. . Many of the Seventy, too, whom our Lord sent forth, after His apostles, were still exercising the office, to which He had sent them; and we find— A.D. 44—Saul and Barnabas bringing to the " eldem" at Jernsalem the alms of the Antiooh Gentile Christians. Ho mention is anywhere made of their appointment by the Apostles; but they were known and recognised in the Mother •Church of Jerusalem, most probably because appointed by our Lord. The history, then, of these early days of the -Church shows how systematic and complete was xts organization, and how thoroughly acknow ledged the apostolic regimen within it. The record of the Evangelists is so clear that it excites eur wonder how any critic acquainted with the New Testament Scriptures and dis posed to read them without prejudice could attribute to James, "the traditional first Bishop of Jerusalem, the organization and form -of government of the Church." The Churoh of England, however, "receives and accounts Canonical" all the books of the < New Testament as they are commonly received. In frith, then, of the authenticity and inspiration -of the Scriptures, Churchmen entertain a strong conviction of the duty to uphold and adhere to that Apostolio fellowship and Church to which -Our "Lord added daily such as should be saved." Bat while we act ourselves on this principle as Churchmen, we do not feel called on to limit -the blessing or grace of God, and we forbid none to work spiritual miracles in Christ's name, " because they follow not us." I only wish to show our Protestant brethren the real ground of sot giving them, as we would wish, the "right hand of fellowship." With our convictions we cannot be false to Christ's institution. Moreover, there are issues now raised in regard to the Scriptures and evangelical doctrine on which the fad and authority of the Church as instituted immediately by Christ Himself are of the utmost importance. The Anglican Church says in her 20th article " that the Church is a witness and keeper of Holy Writ." Instituted by Christ Himself on the day of His resurrection, it is indeed admirably fitted to record and to pre serve our Lord's own teaching during the forty days in which he was seen of the Apostles, and heard " speaking of the things partaining unto the Kingdom of God." This living Church, filled with the Spirit at Pentecost, taught "that form of sonnd words, and guarded it as a sacred f deposit, and delivered it to the saints. It was committed by the "Apostles" to "faithful men," that they might be able to teach others. Their divine gut of "discerning of spirits" enabled them to stamp with authority four only out of many Gospels as authentic and genuine, Which have come down to ns out of a multi tude. These are the four we possess. To that living Church, then, the witness and keeper of Holy Writ, under God's providence, we owe the canon of the If as Testament Scriptures, and the form of faith once delivered to the saints, also those "faithful sayings" which were the cate chism in morals of the Universal Church. Now, sceptical writers either wilfully or igno rantly overlook this living contemporaneous wit ness, the Church, and try to frame from the meagre residuum which they call Scripture the history of Jesus. In regard to St. John's Gospel espe cially it has been shown beyond all question, from the writer's intimate knowledge of the topo graphy of Jerusalem and his thorough grasp of the popular view of the Messiah among the JewB, that it must have been the work of one who lived contemporary with the events described, and before the Siege of Jerusalem had obliterated the vestiges of names and places. No Alexan drian Jew at the close of the second century could have been so familiar with Hebrew ideas, and such spots as the " Sheep Market," and " Treasury, and " Place of a Skull," Golgotha and its "garden," Bethesda and its "five porches," Siloam and its " pool," when the city bad lain desolate more than a century. The reception, however, of tins and the three Synoptic Gospels, as well as the other writings <of the New Testament, by the living Church and its duly appointed ministry, showB the value of that divine institution, and why in the Creed was confessed the belief in one^catholio and apostolic Church.* The life of the Christian society or Church from the first hour of its being Is necessary in order to authenticate and fully to apprehend, as well as rightly interpret, the facts of Christianity as they are recorded; also to stamp with authority the apostolic letters and Gospels as they were written. "We must suppose," says Canon Westcott," either that men fitted by no previous training, assisted bjr no similar conceptions, suddenly ia a crisis of bitter disappointment and desolation, created an ideal fact f-s.e., the resurrection of Christ), of which At the .time they could not have foreseen the full import; end then have fashioned their own lives under its influence, and moved others to accept their faith, andthat all later experience has found in this creation—at best of passionate love—the answer to the questionings of suo -ejMjdve generations; or that God the Creator did iirUid fulness of time bring that about to which the life of the race tended in the guidance of His Providence, and from which it has drawn 1 strength not yet completely appropriated," To the neglect, however, by Lather, of this important article of the Creed, "the Church," as divinely instituted to be the witness and keeper of Holy Writ and the faith delivered to the aunts, we owe the sceptical criticism which now assails the Bible. In his living fellowship with the •spirit which animates the Scriptures, Lather, too hastily, made his private feeling the supreme •arbiter of inspired doctrine and inspired writing. Bat " no Church can rest its faith on such atheory." While he depreciated St. James's Spistieandthe Book of Revelation, he on the other hand called St. John's Gospel and the Epistle to the the " marrow and kernel of the jNew Testament books." Even Us nan avers that it is impossible to understand the life and death of Jesus excepting frem the data of the fourth •GospeL The combined witness of Luther and Kenan, so different in their spirit and faith, may well outweigh those critics who would cast oat St. Jonn and St. Paul. Tn contending, then, for the written Word of -God and the saving faith of the Gospel, the testimony of tbn living Church from the begin ning as the witness and keeper of Holy Writ is -of the greatest value. The Anglican Church holds to this truth with all the tenacity of con scientious conviction. . We Churchmen, there fore, want no Belf-styled Infallible Pontiff to -certify to as the Scriptures or Creed or Moral * Canon Westoott, Reg. prof. of DIv. at Cambridge. "The Christian Church is the one -final and abiding witness to the realities of <2hristian life. The direct testimony of the Apostolic body and the last of the Apostles to the faots of Christ's life, and in particular to His resurrection is supplemented by the testimony of Hie living society." " The earliest Christians observed the first day of the week as that on which Christ rose. Baptism was regarded as -dying and rising with Christ. The celebration -of the Holy Eucharist is unintelligible without faith in a risen Saviour. _ The fact of the Besurrection is not an article of the Creed; it was thelife of it." "How this testimony of a continuous life—the testimony of the Christian Church—is either entirely overlooked or strangely perverted by sceptical writers." "They imagine Christianity to be the development of 4he latter end of the sev.-ni century" Lav. The principle laid down by Yinoent of Let ins is sufficient to guide us to a reasonable faith in the orthodox creed as gathered out of Scripture. We reject as novel and unauthorized and unnecessary to salvation that which does not date from the first, has not prevailed everywhere, and has not received general assent. In this appeal to antiquity, universality, and conseat for the interpretation of the Written Word, we refer to the liturgies, Creeds, Canons of the Church in Council, and the writings ef the Christian Fathers. "We thus prove all things, and hold fast that which is good." It is, however, with no purpose of controversy, believe me, that I have penned these observe* vations. My object has been to show our Protestant brethren the ground on which Churchmen cannot conscientiously jolu with them in a common ministry and worship, as we could wish to do. There would arise a danger fatal to both. The Vaticanist and the Rationalist alike reject the testimony of the Primitive Church (the witness and keeper of Holy Writ) to the authenticity, genuineness, and inspiration of the New Testament Scriptures. The Yati canist rests on his own supposed infallible authority; the Rationalist on his own indi vidual feeling and judgment. It follows, according to the principle affirmed in the " Church of the Future," that each man may select his own Bible, make his own oreed, and constitute himself a Church. As far as man is concerned, he is at liberty to do so; but we must then be content to substitute Babel for the Catholic Church, which believes in one Lord, holds " one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all and in all." Bather whereto we have attained let us be of one mind, and it may come to pass, through prayer, patience, and comfort of the Scriptures, that where we are otherwise minded God will hereafter show us the way to greater unity. The service closed with the benediction. * 