CHAPTER XXIX. - WALTER SETON. I The weather changed that evening, as was na tural after three ar four heavenly days. Tho eiv-t coast is not rainy like tho west; but the soft continuous rains of the western Highlands is scarcely so terrible as the westerly hoar, which wraps everything up in white wool, and blots out sea and sky, and chokes tho depressd wayfarer not to speak of the penetrating chill which even in June goes down into the marrow of your bones, and makes the scrap of standing- ground, which is all that is left you in the misty world, as lonely as an aloe, and as dull as a fen. Even the golfers at St. Andrews feel this miserable influence. When those bright links are reduced to so many dark sepia blots, when the sky can bo expressed only by the same woful cloud, when the surf on the sands seems to send up a blinding woolly stream over tho faint and limp yellow of tho cliffs ; when his very red coat hangs limp and damp upon the hero's back, who goes out, not withstanding the weather, and the best " driver" on the links cannot get his ball across the burn then the very golfer is discouraged. But the population is accustomed to tho infliction and the matches still go on, and new fights aro ar ranged in the club ; and in the town business and amusraent proceed as usual, and the good poople walk about tho streets, and pay each other visits to keep their hearts from sinking. It is scarcoly possible, however, though your heart may be stout and your chest sound, to walk out to the Spindle in an easterly hoar ; so that Marjory did not see tho new acquaintance who had interested her so deeply for some days. She saw a sight, however, a sight which interested her almost as much, though in a different way the young woman who had visited Pitcomlio the evening before her father's funeral, and whom she had afterwards met at the family grave. It was in the chief street of St. Andrews that this meeting took place-a broad and handsome street, lined with old houses at tho lower end, and terminating at the upper in an old gateway, one of the few per fect relics of tho past thatTemain among so many ruins. Marjory was walking, with little Milly, as usual, by hor side, pressing into her very steps her golden hair asserting itself as a point of colour, even in the persistent greyness of the street and the mist of the atmosphere. " May, May ;" Milly was saying, " there is a lady bowing to you from tho carriage-window yonder ; there is a gentleman taking off his hat. Why don't you pay attention ? If it was me you would say it was not manners." " Como in, and look for a book at Mrs. Fletcher's," said Marjory, by way of repelling this attack. Milly was already a prodigious novel reader, aud instantly caught at tho bait. Her sister stood at the door of the shop, while tho little girl ran in eager to survey tho many antiquated volumes, and the few fresh ones which form the circulating library of a country town. Of the many p»ssers-by who went ghost-like through the mist, a great many knew; and saluted Miss Heriot, of Pitcomlie ; but it was on one who did not salute her that Marjory's attention was fixed. Tho dress was precisely the same as that of h alf tho other women moving about the town, yet the little brown hat and cotton gown suddenly grew individual and remarkable, as Marjory re cognised tho wearer. She was walking brisk ly along, with the air of one profoundly occupied, looking neither to tho rieht hand nor to the left. Suddenly she raised her head as the passed in front of the shop where Marjory stood, and their eyes met. The young woman grew suddenly red ; she gave Miss Heriot a quick, defiant look, and would have passed on without any recognition. Marjory waa startled and excited, but abe did not lose her presence of mind ; she mada a Btep out from the door. Surely you know me," she said quietly. The young woman paused, as if perforce, but held her ground. " Yes, Miss Heriot, I know you very well ; you've spoken to me twice before- when I was not wanting," she added doggedly, " to speak to you." Marjory had some difficulty in keeping her temper, for this persistent resistance was pro voking, to say the least. She said with some haste : There can bs veiy little reason why I Bhould insist upon speaking to you." .. I ken none, Miss Heriot." " Well," said Marjory, with an impatient sigh, " neither do 1. You know, I am sure, a great deal moro than I do. Hut remember-you may be sorry someday for having refused to tell me what you wanted at my father's house ; and by that time it may he too late.!' She turned away, disturbed, vaguely a's she had always been, by the appearance of this strange woman ; but her withdrawal seemed to affect the other moro than her questions had done. Before Marjory had re-entered the shop, tho stranger spoke in a hesitating tono. " Miss Heriot, 1 am meauiug no harm to you ; there is, may-be, something that 1 may come and tell you-that concerns you and yours as well as me and mine ; but I canna do it now. I thought you were artful and proud, but now I think you're true. May-be there's nothing in it ; if there is, I will toll you the first. But I will say nothing till I hear tho truth." "What truth 1 Then tell me your name, at least !" cried Marjory, her heart beginning to beat loud with wonder and excitement. '.No, Miss Heriot, I'll no tell j ou my name." "Do you know- you are very rude, very uncivil ?" cried Marjory, stepping back, with a flush on her face. " Maybe !" said the other, recovering her self possession, which had been momentarily im paired. I'm no a good judge what's civil or un civil ; but PU no tell you my name-nor anything about me ; unless it is true." And with these words the stranger walked away, not pausiug to hear what Marjory had to say. This meeting had a painful effect upon her. She pondered over it for the next few nights and days, wondering, with a bewildered sense that her won der was vain, what it could mean. If what was I true ? or what did it, what could it, matter to tho Heriots whether something known to this girl I was true or not ? She tried to scorn it as some i vulgar bugbear, probably concerning something I quite unimportant ; but she could not Bucceed. What was it ? she kept saying to herself. She could not mention it to her uncle; she could not confide anything so serious to little Milly. What could it be P And the more a mystery of this kind, however petty, is Kept to its original pos sessor, the more it vexes the mind, and becomes a daily annoyance. If Jj'anshawe had but been there ! Him she could have consulted ; with him she could have talked it over, and wondered aloud, and received strength from the wonderings of another. Probably between them, they might have come to some reasonable conclusion, to some explanation of the mystery. She waB almost haif-tompted to write to him, ns the only person who knew about Isabell's letter, the only one who could understand what she meant. Almost, but notqtiico ; a hundred reasonB of womanly reluc tance, shyness, disinclination to avow her depen dence on the opinion of another, came in to pre vent the imprudence ; but yet it was something strange in Marjory's history, something new in her mind, that such an idea should have arisen ! in her. She quenched it with a certain shame. And, oddly enough, one of these days, Mr. \ Charles brought home with him a friend to dinner, who know Fanshawo. I do not pretend to disclose [exactly the sentiments which moved Mr. Charles. Miss Jean's advice had never quite gone out, of his mind. Ho was of the kind of man to whom un injunction, of whatever character carries weight, and who foels that when a charge of any sort is laid upon him, whether accepted or not, it becomes a duty, and must be fulfilled. His good senso and his feeling of propriety struggled vainly against tho prejudice of doing what he had boen told. Instinctively, he looked about the links for men who were worthy of being intro duced to Marjory. He made a little mental cross against the names of those who were specially endowed by any of the gifts of Providence, who were handsome or wealthy, or well spoken of. " Would So-and-so please her, I wonder ?" the old mau said to himself, with a comical terror of the old woman, who had given him his commis» sion ; and with a faltering heart he had obeyed her behest, and under the most transparent pre tence of accidentalness, had already taken home with him two or three of the best men he could find. On such occasions Mr. Charles did his best to look perfectly innocent and at his ease. Ho made in private many and voluble apologies to Marjory. " I sometimes feel the want of a little conver sation, my dear. Not but that 1 am perfectly happy in you, that »re a far better talker than I most folk ; but a little change, you know ; and it is good for you too, Marjory. You may think not, I and even you may not care for it at the moment ; but depend upon it", it is good for yeu. It's a I break upon the monotony. It prevents you from falling out of the way of society. And I know you are too goon a housekeeper, May, ever to be taken unawares in respect of the dinner." " You mean you are too particular about good eating to make it possible," said Marjory smiling " But, Uncle Charles, of course you must pee your fiiends when you please. You do not require to make excuses to me." " It is not that, not quite that, my dear," said Mr. Charles, perplexed, not knowing how to avow that he would gladly have done without those friends ; and the same little epilogue bad beer performed several times without the least appa rent effect produced either upon Marjory or th« eligible persons thus broupht to see her. Mar jory, perhaps, was somewhat disposed to retreal into her mourning on these occasions. She wai perfectly civil and friendly to her uncle's friends but she kept them in that category, and never al lowed them to become ber own ; and aa Misa Je tn had made the express condition that Mr. Charles was to interfere only so far as the Urtt siep waa concerned, the poor man waa still mure confused and perjilexed by the utter failure of his expedient. Ile had no head for such delicate negotia tions ; he never ashed the samo person a second time, nor took any steps to promute intimacy. Tliat was not in bis instructions. Ho A ever, for once, he did succeed in rous ing Marjory to energy at last. The guest who knew Fanshawe waa a Scotch squire, who had been a friend of Tom's, and whom Marjory too had known in former days. There were reasons for inviting him of a perfectly feasible character, and which re quired no apologies froin Mr. Charles. "I've orougnt Walter Seton to seo you; we'll give him some dinner," he said, as lie kn icked at the door of Marjory's dressing room, without thinking it necessary to apologise ; and Marjory was more open, more friendly than usual, to the old friend. It was not until after dinner that the con versa ion took place which moved her out of her friendly calm. Milly had come in, as the tush ion of the house was, and seated herself by her sister's side, lt had been the old fashion in the days when Milly was tho light of her father's eyes. Tho little girl'n chair was drawn as close to Marjory's as the conditions of chairs would permit. She stole her hand into her sister's under the table. Milly, indeed, had no in dependent being when Marjory wa* by. She waa a bloom growing on the stem of the elder flower. " I hear you had Fanshawe at Pitcom lie," said Mr. Seton, with complacent calm ness, and without a suspicion that he was about to make himself intensely disagree able. " Is he any steadier than he was, I wonder P You had him for some time at Pitcomlie P Somebody told me he was on a long visit." " Ah, yea. We had him for a week or two. Is he not steady, then P" asked Mr. Charles. Marjory had pricked np her ears, and so did little Milly, to whom Fanshawe was an example of everything admirable in man. " Well," said the other, shrugging his shoulders, "I know nothing bad of him; but he's a sad, unsettled fellow ; amiable, and al I that, but, I fear a good- for--nothing ,. ' -a ne'er-do-well, as wo say in Scotland. It ia odd how mauy agreeable men bolong ? to that species. For he's a n'.ce fellow, a fleasant follow. Didn't you think so, Miss loriot P All indies do." *. Ile was good for a great deal when he was at Pitcomlie," said Marjory, feel ing her cheek Hush iu spite of herself. " A kinder friend never appeared in a melau choly house." " He was all that-all that," said Mr. Charles, hastily. " That is exactly what I should have ex pected to hear," said Seton. " You havo nit off his ehnracter in a word. Ready to do anything for anybody; always service able ; coori For nt.hur nonnlA'a nnnforna lint able j good for other people's concerns, but letting his own, you know,go to the dogs. When I said good-for-nothing, I ought to hare said good i for everybody but himself." "That's a fatal kind of amiability," said Mr. Charles, falling into this depreciatory estimate with a readiness which disgusted the two feminine partisans, to whom it was impossible to see their friend assailed without striking a blow in his de fence. " I have known many men Uko that, no . body's enemy but their own-" " I think you would speak a little more warmly Uncle Charles," said Mar jory, with a hurst of which she herself was ashamed, " if you remembered all that Mr. Fanshawe did for us, Amiability does not make a mau do what he did. Have you for gotten poor Tom's bedside ? and all his kindness to my father, and after-I beg your pardon ; it is bad to introduce our private matters. But, Mr. Seton, I should be a wretch if I allowed any one to speak disparagingly of Mr. Fanshawe without telling what I know." "Yes, yes; I quite understand," said Seton, ' with a suppivssed smile. " Ladies always give him that character. He is the most serviceable fellow. But I speak of his own concerns ; he is a very unsatisfactory man to have anything to do with in bit- dues*, for example, lliîis ignorant as a woman-begging your pardon again, Miss Heriot. He is a nice fellow, but thoroughly un satisfactory ; as unsettled as a man eau be ; a complete rover, here to-day and gone to-morrow. I like him very much myself. I don't know any pleasanter companion ; but that's his character. Socially, of course, it doesn't matter ; but it's a great pity for himself." " No doubt about that," said Mr. Charles ; " a great pity. What are his means now ? That would be a kind of way of judging." " I do not see that we are the people who ought to judge him," said Marjory, rising from the table ; while Tittle Milly, with all her golden locks on end, holding by her sister's dress, and turning look" upon the calumniator, rose too, in a flush of childish fury. " Ohl how I would have liked to have done something to him !" cried Milly, as soon as they got to the safe shelter of the drawing-room. " If I had been a man, I would have fought him, May ! Our Mr. Fanshawe, that is good for everything ! I hope Uncle Charles will never, never as long as I live, bring that man here again !" . " I hope so, too. Milly," said Marjory, breathing quick in her suppressed excitement ; and she seated herself at the window overlooking tho cathedral ruins and far beyond, with her arm round her little sister. Milly's hair spread over their black dresses like spriukled gold ; Milly's little heart beat against the bosom in which ano ther heart was beating still moro warmly ; with indignation-only with indignation, and generous resistance to wrong. It waa the longest day of the year. What lin- I gering silvery light, what soft tints of pale celes tial colour, what opal radiance of enchauted hours j that are neither day nor night, is involved in that ¡ PJBINCKSSE SIOUNING I'lUCSS. (IIA CK.) J description ! I do not know what those evenings may lie in the region of tho m dnight sun : but they cannot possess such mystic delight as d« the long summer nights in Scotland ; too poetic for any weird glory of unnatural shining. The young woman and the child sat enshrined in this vision ary radiance long after Milly ought (I allow) to have been in bed. Mr. Seton had an engagement at the club, and did not, fortunately, return t" the drawing-room. His presence would not have been appreciated there. i - 1 1 