Selected Poetry. A LITER Alt Y*CURIOSITY. We have stumbled across the following peroration which we would commend to the notice of those interested :— "V e friends of moderation, Who think a reformation, Or moral renovation, Would benefit our nation ; Who deem intoxication, With all its dissipation, In every rank and station, The cause of degradation, Of which your observation, Gives daily demonstration, Wh o see the ruination, Distress and desolation, The open violation Of moral obligation. Th e wretched habitation Without accommodation, Or any regulation For common sustentation—- A scene of deprivation, Unequalled in creation ; The frequent desecration Of Sabbath ordination, The crime and depredation, Defying legislation, The awful profanation Of common conversation, The mental aberation And dire infatuation With every sad gradation To maniac desperation ! Ye who, with consternation, Bel lold this devastation, And utter condemnatiuii Of all inebriation— Why sanction its duration? Or show disapprobation Of any combination For its extermination 1 We deem a declaration That offers no temptation By any palliation Of this abomination The only sure foundation For lota! extirpation, And, under this persuasion, Hold no communication Wit! 1 110x1011s emanation Of brewer's fermentation, Or poisonous preparation Of spirit's distillation ; Nor any vain libation Producing stimulation ! To this determination We call consideration, And, without hesitation, Invite co-operation, Not d oubtiri"" invitation Will raise your estimation, And, by continuation, Afford you consolation, For, in participation With this association, You may, by meditation, Ensure the preservation Of a future generation From :tll contamination, And may each indication Of such regeneration, Be the the me of exultation Till its final consummation. DISCOVERY or SPHINXES. — Two magnificent sphinxes have just been discovered 011 the sites of ancient Runes. They are covered with inscriptions, and together with two other figures discovered previously appear to have formed part an avenue, which led to the court of the temple referred to by inscriptions and papyri. These sphinxes ware covered by a thick layer of earth. .V. Paponet, the engineer of the navigable fresh-water canal now constructing between Cairo and Suez, is having the excavations continued. ASLEEP WALKER.—Willing-ton had a ghost—for about a week. Some lodgers saw it in their boarding houses ; a little alarm was excited. At last the proprietor watched, and about two or three o'clock in the morning the ghost made its appearance. He saw it walk About, adjusting pieces of furniture for some time, until to his great consternation he discovered it was the servant. He called her by name, but got no answer, and it was not until he shook her that she was made conscious of her position. The servant proved a som- nambulist, ofcou se. —Southland News. How to raise a dinner—Go to sea. Why is a lady at a ball like an arrow? Because she can't go off without a beau, and is in a quiver till she gets one. What is that which flies high, flies low, has no feet, aud yet wears shoes ? —"Dust." An old gentleman, relating his youthful experiences, sa.id he used to "catch" the most with a rod when he went fishing without his father's permission. Mrsi 'Malaprop says she knows who the Alpine glacier is. He is a foreigner who carries a lump of putty in his hand and a pane of glass under hia arm. 