NEWS AND NOTES. It seems that Mrs Reece, the victim of the late dreadful outrage at Burrumbeet, is living in a wretched hovel, her circumstances not warranting anything like decent quarters. As the poor woman has suffered so terribly, and is still, and will be for some time to come, in a shattered condition, it is pleasing to note that a few well-disposed Christians are putting their heads together with a view of making the poor woman a little more com fortable. Dr Bunce, who knows Mrs, Reece’s state, and who also is aware of what she requires to get back bodily and mental vigor, a few days ago waited upon Mr James Oddie, and to him suggested the idea of placing the woman in a decent cottage. Mr Oddie, we need scarcely say, at once promised assistance, and proposed that a letter should be written to the Ballaratshire Council president, Mr Baird, with: reference to the matter. This has been done, both Dr Bunce and Mr Oddie promising subscriptions towards the object. Mr Baird will, no doubt, exer cise warmth of feeling in the matter, and also induce a hearty response on the part of the good folk out his way. We leant with a great deal of pleasure that a num ber of prominent citizens have conceived the idea of doing honor to a gentleman who has for many years devoted himself to hard work in all sorts of good causes. That gentleman is Mr Peter Cazaly, and it is intended to have a complimentary concert for his benefit, a project which will, we are sure, enlist the practical good will of the whole town. A meeting of the promoters will be called in a day or two, and from the names given to us as prime movers in the matter, we have no doubt the celebration will be one highly attractive in itself, as it will also commend itself to everybody who believes in giving special honor where honor is specially due. A meeting of the works committee of the Agricul tural Society was held at Craig’s hotel on Saturday afternoon. Present Messrs Bacchus, Quinlivan, Valentine, Brazenor, and Bath. A draft programme in connection with the proposed ram show was drawn up for submissi on to the next meeting of the com mittee. The programme was of an exceedingly liberal nature. Mr Fry’s offer of a cup as a prize for the show was gratefully accepted. Mr Brazenor, it was stated, had generously offered a cup, worth twenty guineas, as another prize. The secretary stated that a letter had been received from Sir Sami. 'Wilson, com plimenting the society upon the fact that the colony was free from scab, and slating that quarantine stations would shortly be arranged along the Murray River. Sir Samuel also stated that he believed the ram show would prove a greater success than any one antici pated. A letter was read from Mr M'lvor, stating he would deliver his lecture on “ The Food of Plants,” on the 29th, at Learmonth. After some routine busi ness the committee adjourned. A middle-aged man, named John Bennett, was driving his cart from Sebastopol home to the Round Water Holes on Saturday evening, when his horse, a young one, began to jump about, and finally succeeded in throwing the driver out of the vehicle. Bennett was slightly stunned, and some passers-by saw him removed to the Hospital, where he now lies very, sore about the ribs and chest. A large number of promenaders visited the Botanical Gardens on Sunday, and though winter is rapidly advancing, that retreat still offers many attractions to visitors. On Wednesday last, when the rations were delivered to the outdoor recipients of the Bene volent Asylum, the names were noted of all cases in which children were sent to represent adults, so that steps may be taken to ascertain why so many children, who should be at school, .are allowed to take the place of their parents or grown brothers and sisters. One instance of the abuse which the committee of management intend to reform as far as possible is as follows:—A little fellow five years old, was sent to the Asylum to take home 30 lb of rations which had to be carried a mile and a half by the boy without any assistance, so that besides taxing bis strength very much, there was no hindrance to some not over particular person taking the rations away altogether. The committee will have done well when such a state of things is through their exertions no more. It is stated that the portrait of the woman missing from Hawthorn, Mrs Anne Thomson, has been recog nised in Maryborough as that of a woman who had recently left that town, and was supposed to have gone to Ballarat. Information has been furnished to the police on the subject, but we believe we are correct in saying that no clue has been obtained to the woman who is supposed to be the missing female. It is alleged, however, that a person in some respects answering Mrs Thomson’s description entered an hotel in Doveton street; and left, promising to return, but ' has not since turned up. It is nut thought that this female is the one wanted. Me observe by a Mel bourne journal that a dead letter is lying at the Haw thorn post-office addressed to Mrs Thomson, which the police there have applied for leave to open, on the sup position it may throw some light upon her where abouts. A very considerable increase of business, owing in a measure to the large influx of country customers by rail, and the necessity of making room for direct impor tations of goods, has led to soma very important addi tions and improvements at the shop of Mr T. Taylor, draper, &a;, corner of Bridge and Feel streets. The principal addition to Mr Taylor’s already extensive premises, is a new show-room extending from the comer portion of the shop along Peel street. The dimensions of the room are 35 feet 6 inches by 20 feet, the ceiling being 15 feet high. The side to Peel street is to be uniform with the front of the premises, and the block will consequently be a very handsome one. The show-room, it is said, will be one of, if not the very, finest in the colony, no expense being spared in making it both convenient and ornamental. The ceilings are to be formed of wood, with a handsome gold comice, and the room will he lighted from the top by a continuous lantern light. The architects who have designed the im provements are Messrs James and Creber, and the contractor for carrying out the work is Mr H. Hunt, the cost being about £6OO. In connection with this gratifying sign of improving trade, we may also mention that Mr Taylor has lately had fitted up the shop formerly occupied by Mr Draper, two doors from his main premises, as a tailoring establishment. A very sad end happened to a miner named Pearce or Pearson, at the Hospital, Sunday morning. On Saturday evening, at six o’clock, as some miners were passing an abandoned shaft, 60 feet deep, between Dead Horse and Little Bendigo, they heard groans, and a rope being procured the man. Pearce or Pearson was hauled up and taken to the Hospital, where he died at half-past 7 on Sunday morning. He' had been almost speechless and insen sible all the time, and it was with difficulty that his name was obtained from his lips. An inquest will be held to-day. A Chinese named Wee Coy, who has made himself a nuisance to the public by continually soliciting alms, was on Saturday given in charge by a person named Goodall, and placed in the City lock-up for the offence of begging. Whilst incarcerated, the prisoner, who has previously served a sentence of three months for similar conduct, was most uproarious, shouting and holloaing most lustily during the whole of. Sunday. A man named Charles Curtis was apprehended in Ballarat West on Saturday on a charge of stealing 15 Ib of bacon, the property of Me William Farquhar, oE Mair street. It is alleged that Curtis was in y r Farquhar’s shop just prior to the bacon being missed and on his being followed to the Railway- station’ from whence he was about to take train to Lai Lai was discovered in his possession. He will be brought before the magistrates this morning. “ Saturday’s Herald has the following:—“ Svdney _ The Companies Act Amendment Bill, mating the pro! motera liable, and the Fire Brigades’ Bill, providing for a general superintendent, were read a second time last night, and reported to the House, being virtually passed.- The House voted- the .£IOOO for the Phila delpbia Rifle Team to all intents and purposes.—The ’bus and cab proprietors convey the Randwick chil. dren. to the Hippodroiae to-day.—The Samuel has pru " bably left with 300 immigrants for Sydney.—Mr Emmet opens in ‘Fritz’ to-night.—Macbethhas been . produced with great splendor at the Theatre Ro va i Adelaide.—The provincial papers in the m^; n j Qn ‘_ demn the new Government—Mr Bennett, agent o£ Lillywhite’s Eleven, accepts the terms oE the South Australian Cricket Association, and the match will take place on the Adelaide Oval in November.—Much •interest was manifested in the landing of Gan" For. ward this morning.—Shipping—The Coorong has arrived.” We have received a work by Mr Wildey, upon the Australasian colonies, the adjacent islands, and the countries, in the South Pacific, which we shall noti-« at length shortly. We may state that the boot h full of statistical and other information. Wo have received a work “ On Internal Tumors their Characteristic Distinctions and Diagnose* ” bv Walter Balls-Headley, M.A., M D. The subject is' from a purely scientific point of view, and the writer appears to have given considerable attention to the subject. The work will, no doubt, be of considerable interest to medical men, but is not within our province to criticise. The publisher is F. F. Bailliere, Collins street, Melbourne. At St- Patrick’s Cathedral on Trinity Sunday morning,; tlie Right Rev. Dr. O’Connor, R.C. Bishop of Ballarat, preached an eloquent and impressive sermon to one of the largest congregations ev=r assembled within the building. The right rev. prelate chose fur his test, “ Be merciful that ye may obtain mercy; forgive that ye may.be forgiven; judge not and ye shall not be judged.” The subject was handled in a masterly manner throughout. The preacher argued that mercy was one of those things all should cultivate. Man was not sufficiently merci ful to his fellows. Judging our fellow-men was a sin against justice and charity; it was in fact a sacri ligeous usurpation of the functions of the Deity. Dr. O’Connor went oh to show how mercy and forgiveness should be the ruling features of all Christian men and women, and advocated strongly that in out earthly tribunals, it should bo always our aim to lean towards mercy, while dealing out justice required by the laws. The discourse, which was of a very hi"h order of merit, was listened to most attentively throughout. Tho mass -was appropriate to the day, and in addition to the usual choir music, Mr Power sang a solo with excellent and telling effect. A. Swede named Augustus Oriander was appre hended in Ballarat East on Saturday night on a charge of obstructing Constable Thompson whilst the latter was arresting a drunken man named O'Brien. Messrs James and Creber, architects, of Ballarat have just now in. hand some very important and in teresting works. The first of these is the addition of contagious diseases wards to the Amherst Hospital The building is to be separate from the Hospital, and the length over all is 62 feet, width 27 feet 6 inches. Provision is made for two wards, 23 feet by 25 feet each, containing sis beds, and for nurses’ room, linen closet, &c.; The material is red brick with black brick facings, the roof being of iron, and the building pro mises to present a very agreeable appearance. Ventilation will be secured by pipes In the angles of the wards, upon the so-called Tobin principle. The Creswick Hospital is also to have an addition made to it in the shape of a. detached building of a total length of 59 feet 3 inches by 19 feet wide, con taining new washhouse, laundry and drying room, two wards, respectively for male and female private patients, with bathroom, offices, &c.; The new building, which is to be situate at the rear of the Hospital, is to be of brick, with cement dressings and slate roof, with a verandah in front. The Presbv terfan Church, at Creswick, is also to undergo impor tant alterations. A new and decidedly handsome external porch, is to be erected, and new fittings placed all through the church. The porch is to be of red brick, with white brick pattern and cement dressings. The church, will be newly seated throughout with semicircular pews of kauri pine, and wiil also be painted inside and out, and made to present a vastly improved appearance,. Of the Hawthorn mystery the Melbourne correspon dent of the Hamilton Spectator says:—“lt appears that Mrs Thompson, was subject to fits of melan choly, and on these occasions usually walked or was driven to Kew cemetery, where she would walk an hour or more.- ..On the way on Boxing-day she asked her niece what she would think if she went away un a long sea voyage for tho benefit of her health, and if she did not receive a letter from her for a long time t ‘ She also spoke of a longing to see America. The girl laughed the matter oflj but it may point to the direction the woman took on leaving her house— if it was she that was seen on the Burwood road. IE she was murdered by her unfortunate son, it is strange that not tbe slightest fragment of dress, or mark of blood, or anything to point to a serious crime, can be discovered about the premises.” A meeting of the committee of the Bacchus Marsh, Ballan, and Pentland Hills Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held in the Myrniong Mechanics’ Insti tute on Friday, Mr J. O. Inglis in the chair. It was resolved that a ploughing match should take place on the 6th July, and that tenders be received up to Tuesday next from farmers having paddocks to bo placed at the disposal of the committee. Tenders to be addressed to the ploughing match committee at Myrniong. It was also resolved that at the first meeting of committee after tbe ploughing match a public meeting be held, for tbe purpose of forming a Stock Protection Association. Tbe anniversary of the Ballan Tent, 1.0. R., was celebrated by a concert and ball in the Myrniong Mechanics’ Institute on Friday evening last. Mr R. H. Young occupied the chair. The weather was very favorable, and the attendance good. Tbe programme was commenced by Mr Boyle playing a selection from Mendelssohn. It would take up too much of our space to mention the names of all the ladies and gentlemen who so kindly contributed to the evening’s amusement, there being no less than twenty-five songs entered on the programme. We must, however, make special mention of Mias Martin, whose recitations, “ Vat you please,” aud the “ Question of the day— what is her fortune ?” which were the gams of the evening. Mr Boyle’s song, “Sweet Molly, Malone," in which a ghost was introduced, fairly brought down tbe house. Most of the ladies and a few of the gentle men require a little more confidence before they will become good singers, but as it was the first appear ance of most of them they must be excused. After the concert dancing was kept up to an early hour next morning. The following telegram in the Aryus, dated Wood’s Point, Friday, says:—“ Chas Bernard Graves was to-day committed for trial at the next Sale Circuit Court for shooting at Christian Steinbock, with intent. Ho was admitted to bail in his own recognisances of £SO. Steinbock was committed for trial at the next Sale Sessions on a charge of stealing the Aberfeldy Com pany’s seal. Bail was absolutely refused. Mr Ogier, P.M., stated in court that ‘ Steinbock was a thief and a perjurer, and he (Mr Ogier) did not know why tho former case against him was abandoned by the Crown at the last Wulhalla Sessions.’ Steinbock was brought from Jericho in charge of the police yesterday.” There were 13 deaths from scarlet fever in the Mel bourne district last week. The estimated population of Victoria on the Sis* 1 March last was 325,557 of whom 443,324 were males, and 377,233 females. During the quarter ending on that date the increase by excess of births over deaths was 2402, viz., 956 males and 1416 females. Tho increase by excess of arrivals over departures of males was 190, but a loss of 307 occurred by excess of de partures over arrivals of females. This resulted in a net loss by emigration of 117 persons. The net gain to the population from all sources was 2255, viz., 1176 males and 1109 females. A post-office has been opened at ’Possum Hill, Berlin, now called Orville, and the name of Mologa post-office is now Colima. A post-office savings’ bank is now open at Digby. Mr R. B. Smyth’s resignation of office as secretary to the Aborigines Protection Board, and its acceptance, are gazetted. The following Church trust is gazetted:—Most Rev. J. A- Goold, D.D., Rev. Michael Cullinan Gough, John Bloink, to be trustees of the land temporarily reserved on the 13th May, 1867, as a site foi a Roman Catholic church at Bullarook. Church of England matters at Hamilton are a little out of sorts. The Spectator says of the delay in build ing the new church: —“As a building committee of twenty, elected on the advice of Archdeacon Stretch, had gone so far as to accept a tender, and had cheer fully made themselves liable for about £4500, it is a pity tbe discovery should be made that their appoint ment was irregular, although they may congratulate themselves that the accident of the contractor forfeit ing his deposit enabled them gracefully to retire from the position by remitting the whole business back to the congregation. But there is no one to explain these complications of ecclesiastical law, and until Bishop Thornton can make it convenient to visit this portion of his diocese, things are likely to remain pretty much as they are. It doesn’t much signify now whether the trustees give or withhold their consent to_ tho pulling down of the old church to make room for a new one; and as for the parsonage land, perhaps now the sale is to be cancelled the ground will realise better in ten years’ time, which, considering the. pre sent bickerings, is about the earliest date that can reasonably be fixed for the commencement of a proper Church of England building at Hamilton.” A man named Owen Walsh has been arrested at Deniltquin on suspicion of having murdered John Mort, the cook at Warbreccan station, on the 2Stn ult. The 1 men had; been seen, drinking together on tWt <ss& hfl& was* ..%ft whb&s;'li ijk sooifteMo-- nienti' b$ mads. <ft Oi “9ft Q«n& ’KhOft hq «3ft auffcrinsfc pllfihsd hiiftiste, the-risqr. VYalsh, vta* qa the- sth, instant,. ao&waft; rqmaadod, qighit (Jays,. tyq- Gcdqng- Tim# town, thafe bus- has, &KK;& % oandldafft iOT^s^3tKW | qs^ r .ftf i :wnfiq' ift and thin qandidnfe, qleqlieP>> M*T&Riaaa.; Skonqman,, thq M-fyOr- ofc C.eq> long Wqat.'’ TJhe following la, thq Iqr-tha mooting- ot qvoning: ; .-House- QOmmi.rtqq’a,rqport; ; SepoSb.q£: euhoommitteo on ihe admission, oi a.'qhijd fqrrqd, to Measra Josepha and, Roff ;■ report of suthcom-. mittea oft the admission, ot a. child named. Murray,, from Cluua?., —Referred, to Messrs Chamberlain and. Long! to appoint dye members o(‘ House committee; payment of last month’s accounts; general business; frqih applications.. Our advertising columns notify that in, consequence oi building operations at the School ot Mines the classes in chemistry will he discontinued, ion the remainder o£ the term. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Permanent Building and Investment Society will be held in the Mechanics’ Institute on the evening of the 29th. instant. The quarterly meeting of the District Sunday, school Union will be held in the committee-room, Camp street, this evening. “ Our Boys ” and “ The Weavers ” were on the bill at the Academy ot Music on Saturday night, upon the last occasion of the Lingards appearing in Ballarat. The performances were witnessed, by a fairly nume rous audience, and went olf capitally. The Lingards appear to-night at Sandhurst. 