fpte$ttw A^tmtt MiDCAP VIOLET. ' BY WILLIAM BLACK. AcrioB of a PEmcEss of Thtxlb, T»aHB ?''..;? Fhathbbs, &c;_ &c.; . TPnblshed by special' arrangement with the author. ! All lights reserved.] Chapter XLI. — A Bbinger, of Evir,. George Miller was to have spent the two days following Christmas with this family party which had been gathered together at tSydenham-hill; but after the visit of Mrs. Warrenerand her daughter he saw fit to change his intention. For the rest of that evening even his own mother held aloof from him ; again and again he vowed to himself that it was really too bad, but that this was what always came of one's getting oneself mixed up with the romantic sentimentalities of a woman. x-exi morning ne ieit tne nouse, ana went straight up to the lodgings which he un derstood that 'Violet North occupied. The more he thought of his wrongs, the more angry he became, until, when he knocked at the door, he was simply in a towering rage. He would have an end of all this mystery. He would have nothing more to do with this concealment. It was all very well for her to go off scot-free, leaving him under the imputation — against which he could bring no testimony whatever — of having inveigled the girl away from her friends and aided her in a shameful piece of deceit. No ; he would have no more of this. The landlady herself came to the door ; as it happened, she was in a rage too, for she had just been quarrelling with one of her domestics. 'Does Miss North — I mean Miss Main — live here ?' asked the young man. 'No, she don't.' He was staggered. He looked at the number over the door; he had made no mistake. ' She did live here,' continued the land lady, regarding his bewilderment with a morose satisfaction. ' She's goin' away o' 'On Monday ?' said he. 'And where is she now ?' ' I don't know. Grone away for a 'oliday, I believe.' . : ' But surely shs will be back here before ? she goes to — to New York ?' ~ 'I suppose she will,' said the woman, with a gloomy indifference, ''cause her' things are still in her room. She'll be back o' Monday.' . . ' You don't know what hour she will call for her luggage ?' : 'No.' ? . ? ' Thank you; Good morning.' ? ' She shut the door ; and he was left stand ing there, in about as pleasant a predicament, Recording to his notions; as had ever en tra.Tmfifi a. 'hiTman' hftinir. 'Dnubtlfiss slip, had her passage taken. She would come up at some unexpected hour on Monday, whisk off her luggage in a four-wheeled cab, and be on her way to Liyerpool,' or Holyhead, or Southampton, before any one was any the wiser. Nay, if he were to stand in Great Titchfield-street from early morning until she appeared, how could he prevent her going ?' He could not appeal to the police. - It is true, he could scold her ; and show her the rough usage he was expe riencing all through her folly ; but he could not compel her to release him from the promise she had exacted ; while he looked f orward to the pleasing prospect of a soine ivhat warm interview with Sir Acton North. - He walked a,way from Great Titchfield street somewhat gloomily. Besides his sense of personal injury, he had an uncom fortable feeling that a cleverer person than himself — one like Mr. Drummond, for example, who was familiar with hair splittin-* — could 'have ' hit upon some fair and good reason for pitching over this promise, which would save his conscience. He himself, in his own way, tried to find out some such salve. What was a pro mise f Not anything in itself; but only of use and value 'as long as it secured its obiect. Very ^vell, *- then; What did Violet want ? To get away from England to some place 'where no one would ever hear of her again, where she would be as one dead. Very well, again. She should have her wish. She should leave on Mon day for New York. Her wishes would be respeeted. But after she was gone, and all she wanted secured, why should he con tinue to be the victim of a blunder ? Why should he not confess the truth to Sir Acton T?orth and 'Mr. Drummond, and clear hiin eelf ? - That could not affect Violet in any way. He would not tell them whither she had gone — only that she had left England without leaving behind her any informa tion as to her future plans. Moreover, this would not be telling them that she was alive; for they seemed to know already. And as they knew that, lie had not the slightest doubt in the world that some blunder of hers had conveyed t\ie informa tion to them ; and was he to bear the brunt of any more of her caprices ? Meanwhile Violet North, with a lighter heart than she had known for many a day, was seated, in a railway carriage and being swiftly carried down to Windsor. The forenoon was singularly bright and clear ; the sunshine shone on the meadows that had been washed green by the late heavy rains, on the brown ploughed fields, where the flocks of rooks and starlings were busy, and on the dark lines of copse that were here and there almost black against the pale blue-and-white sky. It seemed to her that now at least she was escaping from the prison that had hemmed her in since her return to Scotland. All her preparations for her flight into the freedom of the Far West hadbeen made. The bitter parting was over. Soon she would stand on the deck of a noble vessel, and, looking back to the receding land of ..her birth, would know thather great sacrifice wasnow accomplished, andthatshe wasleavingthat dearest of all her friends, with the prospect daily coming nearer him of a return to his old glad ways, and health, and cheerful spirits. She already felt enfranchised. There was now an end to the weary days over that desk, to the lonely evenings in the U f ? | ^% 1 1 i i. ,'-_*,? r? 1 \\.\J vilv t '''111''' *-*_**j*j». a^^ vLiu covery, and to the temptation to wander over to the south side of the riyer, with all the sore bitterness of heart that4;hese visits occasioned. She Had made her last pilgri mage in thatrdirectioii the nightbefore ; and ; it had been a terrible one. All her life through she would never forget tliat nightr— the still, darky Christmas-night; her ghost-like, stealing up to the cottage in which her friends .sat together; her. un spoken, unheard, but .agonising farewell. Noniore of that. The brighter days were coming. Had she not said, that in the: future she would always think of those former companions of hers as cheerful ,and happy — wandering in the sweet air of the Highlands — gay with the sports of hillside and loch — enjoying the present, and forget ful of all the old bitterness of the past ? So she interested herself in the various out-of-door sights of this bright forenoon—^ the young wheat^ the. leafless orchards, the heavy waggons laboring along the muddy roads, and the fields showing here and there patches of water, the result of the recent jains. She .began to lookout for signs of the great floods of which she had heard ; and about Drayton those patches of water in the fields became more marked. Then she caught a glimpse, before getting to Slough, of the great spectral bulk of Windsor's walls and turrets rising pale and ethereal into the blue-and-white overhead. On again; and now she caught sight of lines of white behind the distant trees ; and ~ the hedges seemed to be growing into a lake. But what were these scattered objects to the richly-colored and brilliant picture that lay before her as the train ran in towards Windsor ? The great castle, with its lofty towers, was a mass of shadow, and so was the picturesque group of houses underneath it by the river; but here, close at hand, the brilliant sun shone on the red houses and the silvery grey turrets of Eton, ' while all around was a vast sheet of smooth water, reflecting the blues and whites of the sky. This immense lake was broken only by lines of pollard willows, and by some groups of trees in the distance that seemed to have still about them some touch of autumn yellow. Boys were paddling boats up the Eton lanes ; still further a-field a great punt was going the round or some workmen's cottages which were completely surrounded by the water. Both Mr. Dowse and his son were await ing her at the station ; they had driven over in^a dog-cart. When Violet got up beside Mr. Dowse, senior, who was driving, he promised her a rare sight ; Edward Dowse got up behind ; and away they went. He paused for a moment on- Eton Bridge to look at the mighty volume of yellow green water which, coming from the great lake that stretched ali across tte Brocas meadows, hurled itself against the massive stone piers, and then- rushing through be tween, spread itself out far and wide again, indicating only here and there, by a summer house, or some such isolated object, the gardens and orchards it had submerged. They drove along the winding thorough fare, catching here and there a glimpse of a boat at the end of a street. As they passed out into the country, they found the Playing-fields a sheet of olive-green water, the large elms only being visible. From Fifteen-arch bridge the view waspicturesque enough — the isolated lines of trees lit up by the sun ; the great plain of water with its dashes of blue ; here and there a red brick house surrounded by eA^ergreens ; and right in front of them a group of people waiting to be ferried across a part of the road which the floods had submerged. ' How shall we get across ?' she asked. They were standing still on the middle of the bridge, to have a look' at the scene in . front of them. 'Oh, all right,' said Mr. Dowse, care lessly. ' The water is not very deep.' ] Perhaps he was a little too careless ; for on, starting to go down the slope to this hollow where the water lay, the hcrse he was driving stumbled badly, and on recover ing got an admonishing cut from his master. Whether this trifling accident tad fluttered his nerves, or whether some sudden gleam of the water at his feet startled him, can only be guessed; but at all events the animal Jill at once became unmanageably restive. He reared and plunged — splashing the water about him, and causing the women who were standing by — waiting for Lilt/ UlUJl LU O^lCtUU UltU CUOil 1U« ' Hold tight !' Mr. Dowse called out to Violet. . i The warning was just given in time ; for the next instant the horse made a sudden plunge to one side of the road,*which nearly threw the. dog-cart bodily into the deeper water by the side of the highway; and then it dashed madly forward. The driver had no sort of. control over it; but fortu nately the road in front was pretty straight. And so away they went at a : furious pace, to the no small consternation of one or two people who were coming along the road ; and so intent were Mr. Dowse and Violet in watchinff the excited animal that was now placing their lives in jeopardy that they had not the slighest notion that they alone were the occupants of the vehicle. When the horse swerved in the hollow, young Dowse had been pitched clean off the back seat of the dog-cart, falling heavily on the wooden palings by the side of the road. The way was clear before them, and in time the runaway horse showed symptoms of moderating his speed. He was finally stopped by a waggoner, who, happening to look back, and seeing what had occurred, had the presence of mind to draw his huge waggon right across the road, completely blocking all passage. There was no col lision. The man got hold of the head of the animal, which now stood trembling and excited; and then it was tha^t Mi1. Dowse, discovered that his son was missing. u Good heavens,' he said, ' where is Ted ?' They looked back; there were one or wo people running towards them. When hese came up, the news was brief, but ter rible enough. The young gentleman had been pitched right on his head. He was lying insensible. They had sent in to Eton for a surgeon. ' Go back to him,' said Violet, instantly to her companion : ' I will wait here with the dog-cart. Mr. Dowse seemed stupefied. He did not think what he was doing in leaving this girl in charge of a frightened horse, even although the great waggon still blocked the way. y Yes, 'yes,' he said, 'stay here for a minute— I must see what has happened' — He set out to run. He met one or two country people. He asked them no questions. Then he came in sight of a group of persons standing by the roadside,Tiot far from the,, spot where the horse had bolted. The young man was in the middle , of that group, his head supported on a friendly knee. He was apparently lifeless ; not even a groan escaped him. There wafe no out-1 ward sign of injury, except a slight trace of blood about the lips. ? 'Stand back ln the faffier eaid;stejfily,to the small and eager crowd. ' Staiid back, and give him air! You have Beni.'ibr a ^urgeon??.' ; . : 'Yes, -ar.' ?.: . ..-.,! - . '?,.;? . t «3?ed! Teddy P.. the -elder man. tsried^ x with some vague hope of arousing his son ~4r to, cdnsclousnessr '^Aie you badly hurt, =* lad?' -' '' ? ' / ? ' - : There was no answer. He looked des pairingiy-aroundi ' _;r ' - 'Is -there a drop of brandy to be had— or whisky- rp'i :?;-.; ; . . . ; There was no answer to that, either. Fortunately, at this moment, a brougham came along the road,' the ojJy occupant of which was an /old lady, who, although unknown personally to the Dowses, was a neighbor of theirs, and knew them by sight. When she discovered what %ad occurred, she instantly placed her carriage at Mr. Dowse's disposal. The; apparently lifeless body was lifted in ; the father7foi-- lowed, and the coachman was bidden to drive gently on to the Laurels. - - They came up to the point at which Violet had been left. She was now down in the road. 'What has happened ?' she said, with a pale face, to Mr. Dowse, but the sight she saw inside the carriage was enough. 'Will you get some of the people to bring the dog-cart along ?' said Mr: Dowse ; it was not an occasion for ceremony. They drove on again with that mourn ful burden; and she, having given the waggoner half-a- erown to .leave his waggon for a iew minutes and take the horse and dog-cart on to Mr. Dowse's house, walked slowly after. There were gloomy forbodings in her mind. That, slowly-driven carriage- away .along there seemed to be like a. hearse. Why was it that, wherever she went, death, or the semblance of death, dogged her foot steps, and was for ever plucking the sun shine out of the sky ? Her coming seemed L to be the signal for the coming of all mis- M fortunes ; birds of evil omen followed after her; she was as. one ..doomed, association with whom was fatal. Trembling and full of fear, she walked ?up to the house. She dreaded to hear the wail of a mother over her onlv son ; she imagined the reproach with which that mother would raise her eyes from her son's pallid face and fix ^hein on this stranger who seemed the herald, and the occasion of all evil things. ' ,,, , ... The poor mother had no 'such thoughts in her head; even if this were a time for affixing responability, she. certainly, would not have considered Violet to be the cause of this lamentable accident. But- all the same the girl was oppressed by some strange feeling that it was dangerous for any on&' to be linked, in however .slight a degree, with one whom evil fortune had marked out for its own ; and so it was that she did not dare to go into that room where, as she knew, the young man lay, watched by his agonised parents. All the doors were open. She walked into the drawing- room ; and sat down, alone. Then she heard the doctor's carriage drive up to the front of the house. . . (To be continued.) 