REVIEW. Myth* and Songs from the South Pacific. By the Rev* \V. W. Gill ; with a preface by F . Max Miiller» M.A. London: H. S. King and Co., 1876. This book reads so like a collection of fairy tales that were it not for Professor Max Muller's preface we might be inclined to doubt that the " Myths and Songs ' were the real product of South Pacific imagination. But with such a stamp the authenticity is undoubted, and Mr Gill deserves thanks for having, with evident care and intelligence, gathered tagether the poetic legends of the South Sea Islanders. Of their value to science the Professor thus speaks : — Now, what are these Myths and Songs which Mr. W. W.Gill has brought home from Mangaia but antiquities, preferred fJr hundreds, it may be for thousands of years, showing us far better than any stone weapons or stone idols the growth of the human mind during a period which, as yet, is fall of the most perplexing problems to the psychologist, the historian, and the theologian ? The only hope of our ever unravelling the perplexities of that mythological period or that mythopœic phase of the human intellect lies in our gaining 'access to every kind of collateral evi dence. We know that mythopœic period among the Aryan and Semitic races, but we know it from a distance only, And where are we to look for living myths and legends except among those who still think and speak mythologically, who are, in fact, at the present moment, what the Hindus were before the collection of their sacred hymns, and the Greeks long before the days of Homer ? To find ourselves among a people who really believe in gods and heroes and ancestral spirits, who still offer human sacrifices, who in some cases devour their human victims, or at all events burn the flesh of animals on their altars, trusting tbat the scent will be sweet to tbe nostrils of their gods, is as if the roolopwt could spend a few days among the megatheria, or the botanist among the waving ferns of the forests buried beneath our feet. It has been complained that missionaries are too often narrow-minded men, only able to lead disciples into their own groove, and often marring their works by the inability to grasp the difficulties of savage minds or follow their workings. The book before us proves that in Mr. Gill's instance at all events this is not the case. The volume of 'Myths and Songs' represents no small amount of intelligent, painstaking work. It requires great knowledge of the language, and im mense powers of sorting and abstracting, to put into consecutive form the oral legends of a savage race. To this, also, has been added, in the present case, a broad sympathy which is capable of recognizing the beauty and the poetry, nay, even the holy faith hidden beneath the mask of heathen tradition. There are eo many strange coincidences that we should be in- clined to think that, in some way, the mythology of these islands was founded upon the teaching of civi lized nations ; but this idea Professor Max Müller controverts. I hold no longer to the rule that, when two mythologies agree in what is irrational or foolish, they must have had the same origin, or must have come into contact at some period of their history. If there was a reason for a jawbone to be used as a weapon in one country, the same reason may have existed in another. At first, no doubt, we fed startled by such coincidences, and that they often offer a prima facie presumption in favour of a common origin cannot be denied. But as we read on from one mythology to another, our sensitiveness with regard to these coincidences be- comes blunted, and we feel hardened against appeals which are founded exclusively on such evidence. In the excellent 'Introductory Remarks,' Mr. Gill says, regarding these traditions : On them the hopes and aspirations of many past generations were founded. We correctly call the entire system a mythology ; to them it was a theology— the true doctrine of the visible and invisible world. . . . While there is much that is puerile and absurd in this heathen philosophy, there are evident glimmerings of primeval light. The Polynesian name for God expresses a great troth. The continued existence of the human spirit after death is implied in their ' laments,' anffin tbe beautiful allegory of Veetini. The cruel system of human sacrifice is but a perrer sion of ancient truth. The common origin of mankind is taught in tha contrast between ' the fair-haired and fair-skinned child- ren of Tangaroa" and "the dark-haired and dark-skinned chil dren of Rongo," both the offspring of Great Vatea. There is an undercurrent ol yearning after the True God in some of their songs ; e.g., as when Koroa sings— 'Oh, for some other Helper ! Some new divinity, to listen To the sad story of thy wasting disease.' As the result of many years' inquiry into the ancient faith of Polynesia, the writer most heartily endorses the remark of Professor Max Müller, ' Wherever there are traces of human life, there are traces also of religion.' As the missionary had been for twenty-two years settled in the Hervey Group of islands, the legends collected by him belong principally to those islands, and to Mangaia in particular ; but with various techni- cal alterations they are found also amongst other tribes, and a few leading ideas may be traced through the whole of Polynesia. The account of the ' Begin ning of all Things ' is most curious and interesting. The universe of these islanders is to be conceived of as the hollow of a vast cocoanut-shell. The interior of this imaginary shell is named Avaiki. At the top is a single aperture communicating with the upper world, where mortals— i.e., Mangaians — live. At various depths arc different floorings, or lands, communicating with each other; but at the very bottom of this supposed cocoanut-shell is a thick stem, gradually tapering to a point, which represents the very beginning of all things. This point is a spirit or demon, without human form, and is named Te-aka-ia-Roe (1) or The-root-of-all existence. The entire fabric of the universe is constantly sus tained by this primary being. Above this extreme point is Te-tangaengae, or Te-vaerua ; that is to say, breathing, or life. This demon is stouter and stronger than the former one. But the thickest part of the stem is Te manara-roa, or The-long-lived, the third and last of the primary, ever-stationary, sentient spirits, who themselves constitute the foundation and insure the permanence and well-being of all the rest of the universe. We advance now to the interior of the supposed cocoanut-shell. In the lowest depths of Avaiki, where the sides of the imaginary shell nearly meet, lives a woman— a demon of flesh and blood named Vari-ma-te-takere, (2) or The-very-beginning. Such is the narrowness of her territory that her knees find chin touch, no other position being possible. Vari-ma-te-takere was very anxious for progeny. One day she clucked off a bit of her light aide, and it became a human being— the first man Avatea, or Vatea (the elision of the a in Avatea is compensated by the elongation of the second vowel). Now Vatea, the father of gods and men, was half man and half fish, the division being like the two halves of the human body ; the species of fish to which this great divinity was allied being the taairangi (Cetacea), or great sea monsters, i.e., porpoises, whose sides are covered with pure fat, and whose home is the boundless ocean. Thus, one eye of Vatea was human, the other a fish-eye. His right side was furnished with an arm, the left with a fin. Be had one proper foot, and half a fish-tail. But there is Mother, and probably more ancient, account of Vatea, or Avatea. which means noon in all the dialects of Eastern Polynesia (3). Vatea is a man possessed of two magnificent eyes, rarely visible at the same time. In general, whilst one, called by mortals the sun, is seen here in this upper world, the other eye, called by men the moon, shines in Avaiki. (A contradictory myth represents the sun and moon as living beings.) The land assigned by the Great Mother to Vatea was Te-papa rairai, or The-thin-land. Another designation for his home was Te enua marema o Vatea, or The-bright-land of- Vatea, implying the perfect contrast between the brightness' of noonday, or Avatea, and the utter gloom of Po, or night, which is equivalent to Avaiki. On another occasion Vari-ma-te-takere tore off a second bit from that same right side, and it became Tinirau, or Innumerable, who, like his brother, had a second and fishv form. The sort of fish which composed his half-fish body was of the sprat-kind. The Great Mother gave him the land of Motu-Tapu, or Sacred Isle, as his own domain. (4) There were his celebrated ponds full of all kinds ot fish. Tinirau was lord of the finny inhabitants of the sea, from the shark downwards. Another day Vari-ma-te- takere took a bit off her left side, and it became Tango, or Support, who went to live at Enua-Kura, (6) or The-land-of-red-parrot-feathers. A fourth child was produced from a bit of the same left side, and was named Tumuteaaoa, or Echo, whose home was Te parai-tea, or The-hollow-gray-rocks. Echo is represented as a female. A fifth child originated from a bit of that same left side of the designated Raka,or Trouble, who pre sides like Æolus, over the winds. Raka found a congenial home in Moana-Irakau, or Deep-ocean. Raka received from Vari-ma- te-takeri a great basket in which the winds were hidden; also the The idea is of a quivering, slender, thMhfcead worn exi«tence begins, i.e., the extremity of cMoanntltali' The-be»ilmillR-*nd-the-lottom of the hollow ^*kea of the Hawaiians, with a similar mean (4) At Kgatangiia, Barotonga, there is an islet covered with \- 8 **» C0Dree. a modem identifi catton. The 'Sacred Isle' m supposed to be in the shades. In Ava^iTU8e' or Herrey*6 Wand; yet mystically the scene is laid knowledge of many useful inventions. The children of Baka are the numerous winds and storms which distress mankind. To each child is allotted a hole at the edge of the horizon, through which he blcwa at pleasure. Vari, or The- very -beginning, finding that her left side had been more injured than her right, resolved to make both sides alike by taking a third bit from the right side, and named this, her last child, To-met oa, Stick-by-the-parent. Now, this sixth and most bilovcd child, as the name implies, lives with the Great Mother in that narrow strip of territory constituting the very bottom of Avaiki, and which is designated Te-enau-te-ki, or The-mute-land. Do what you may to tbe attached mother and daughter, you cannot provoke an angry reply ; for the only language known in The mute-land is tbat of signs — such as' nod?, elevated eyebrows, grimaces, and smiles. * It was deemed by Vari very unseemly that Yatca's land, which originally was immediately above her own, should be underneath, and so to speak invaded by, his younger brother's. Theverybcgin ning, therefore, altered the relative position of Thc-thin-land, (6) placing it directly under the opening f.om this upper world; so that the law of primogeniture was established, the lands of all the younger brothers thus lying underneath the territory of Noonday. Vatea in his drea.m6 several times saw a beautiful woman. On one happy occasion he ruccecdcd in clutching her in his sleep, and thus detained the tair sprite as his wife in his home in Te papa-rairai. Another account asserts that on Vatea's waking from sleep he could discover no trace of the fair one. He searched in all directions for her, but in vain. At length it occurred to him that her home might be in some dark cavern communicating with a land lower than his own, from which the fair one was in the habit of ascending to Thc-thin-land to pay him nocturnal visits. To test the correctness ot this supposition, Yatca scraped a quantity of cocoauuts and scattered handfuls down all the charms in his territory. Some time afterwards he found that from the bottom of one cave, named Taeva-rangi, or The-celestial, aperture, the rich white food had entirely disappeared. A f .esh lot of the same dainty food was now thrown down, whilst Vatea, from behind a projecting crag, cautiously peered down. It was not long before a slender hand, very unlike his own, was Blowly extended towards the coveted morsels. Vntca at once concluded that this must belong to the woman he had seen in his dreams. With a favouring current of wind he descended to the bottom, and caught the fair thief. His visions were realized ; this lovely one confessed that she had again and again ascended to his house above in The- thin-land in order to win him as her future husband. She correctly guessed that Vatea would never rest until he had discovered, the whereabouts of the fair coquctte, and make her his wife. 6he informed her lover that she was Papa, or Foundation, the daughter of Tiinatekorc, or Nothing more, and hiB wife Tamaiti-ngova-ringavari, or Soft-bodied. The famed Papa thus became the cherished wife of Vatea; both ascended by another eddy of wind through the chasm to the Bright-land-of- Vatea ! Tangaroa and Bongo were tho twin children of Vatea and Papa. These boys were the first beings of perfect human form, having no second shape. The home of Bongo was Auau (afterwards named Mangaia) in Avaki As an individual consists of two parts, viz., body and spirit, so this island has a 6ort of essence, or -spirit, the secret name of which is Akatautika — i.e., The-well-poised — only used by the priests aud kings of ancient days. When in after times the Birtnly form or body of Auau was dragged up to light, there remaiaed behind in the obscurity of nether-world the ctherial form or spirit of The- well-poised. Nearly all sorts of food, too, fell to the share of the younger twin-god. The division was made on this principle : All the ni:n an earth or in the ocean beoame Tangaroa's; the rest — i.e., the Treat bulk — was Bongo's. Thus of the numerous varieties of taro, only one— a i eddish sort (kaka kura)— was Tangaroa's, the rest being sacred to Bongo. Amongst the multitudinous varieties if ?' meikas,' (7) only the plantain was the property of Tanga roa's, on account of the redness and uprightness of its fruit ; the rery name, 'the upright fruit' (uatu), testifying to the dignity -f the eldest of the gods. Bananas of all sorts belonged to Kongo. The plantain, being tbe kokira, or head, of the great ' meika ' family, does not bend its head ; just as Tangaroa is the kokira, or the first, in the family of the gods. Upon the same principle all fair-haired children (raurukeu) in after agca were considered to be Tangaroa's (the god himself iiad sandy hair) ; wlftlst the dark-hailed, which form the great majority, are Bongo's. Now Bongo's hair was raven black, as becamc E atua po, or God-whose-homc-is-thc-shadcs. Now and then a stray child might be claimed for Tangaroa, whose home is in the sky, i.e., far beyond the horizon; the majority of his fair tiaired children live with the fair-haired god in distant lands. Very few natives have light hair, a colour greatly disliked amongst themselves but, in their view, suitable to foreigners. To this day a golden- haired child is invariably addressed, in playful allusion to this myth, as ' the fair-haired progeny of Tangaroa.' Hence, in the ancient language about Tarauri, the prince of reed-throwers, this famous son of Tangaroa is represented as being, with his brother, fair-haired. It is curious that the belief of these people concern ing the earth is that it was once a ' chaos of mud,' sut of which some mighty unseen agent, whom they wiled Vari, evolved the present order of things— a theory which seems to agree with the first book of Genesis. The exploits of Maui remind us of the labours of Hercules. The two most remarkable a e the ' Enslaving of the Sun' and the ' Raising of the Sky.' MAUI ENSLAVING THE SUN. Food was now cooked by the inhabitants of the upper world, whereas formerly it was eaten raw. But the sun-god ita used to set in mad haste, ere the family oven could be properly cooked. Maui considered how ho could remedy this great evil. A strong rope of cocoanut fibre was made and laid round the aperture by which the sun-god climbed up from Avaiki (nether world) ; but it was in vain . Still stronger ropes were made, but all to no pur pose. Maui fortunately bethought himself of his beloved sister's hair, which was remarkably long and beautiful. He cut off some of Inaika's locks and plaited it into rope, placed it round the aperture, and then hid himself. The moment the sun-god Ra emerged from spirit world in the east, Maui quickly pulled one end of the cord and caught him round the throat with the slip knot. The hitherto unmanageable monster bellowed and writhed in his vain efforts to extricate himself. Almost ot the last gasp, he begged Maui to release him on any terms he pleased. The victorious Maui said that, if he would pledge himself to go on his course at a more reasonable rate, he should- be releasjd. The promise was readily given by the trembling captive, and hence it Is that ever since the inhabitants of this upper world have enjoyed sufficient sunlight to complete the duties of the day. THE SKY RAISED. Originally the heavens almost touched the earth. Maui resolved to elevate the sky, and fortunately succeeded in obtaining the assistance of Bu. Maui stationed himself at the north, whilst Ru took up his position in the south. Prostrate on the ground, at a given signal they succeeded in raising a little with their backs the solid blue mass. Now pausing awhile on their knees, they gave it a second lift. Maui and Bu were now able to stand upright; with then- shoulders they raised the sky higher still. The palms of their hands, and then the tips of their fingers, enabled these brave fellows to elevate it higher and higher. Finally, drawing themselves out to gigantic propor tions. they pushed the entire heavens up to the very lofty position which they have ever since occupied. But the work was not complete, for the surface of the Eky was very irregular. - Maui and Ru got a large stone adze apiece, and therewith chipped off the roughest parts of the sky, thus giving it a perfectly oval appearances. They now procured superior adzes, in order to finish off the work so auspiciously commenced. Maui and Ru did not cease to chip, chip, chip at the blue vault, until it becamc faultlessly smooth and beautiful, as we Eee it now I By far the most beautiful of the myths is that of Veetini, which proves the Polynesian's belief in the immortality of the soul. The first who ever died a natural death in Mangaia was Veetini. He was the only _ and much- beloved s on of Tucva and his wife Manga; but YecHim, when in the prime of early manhood, dekened and died. The parents, in their giief, instituted those signs of mourning and funeral games which were ever afterwards observed amongst these islanders. The chief mourners were Tueva, Manga, and the lovely Tiki— the attached sister of Veetini. All these, with the more distant relatives, blackened their faces, cut eff their hair, slashed their bodies with shark's teeth, and wore only 'pakoko,' or native cloth, dyed red in the sap of the candle-nut tree, and then dipped in the black mud of a taro-patch. The very offensive smell of this mourning garment is symbolical of the putrescent state of the dead. Their heads were encircled with common fern, singed with fire to give it a red appearance. (8) It was on account of Veetini that the eva, or dirge, in its four varieties, and the mourning dance, were invented and performed by the sorrowing relatives day by day. These melancholy ccranonics occupied from ten to fifteen days, according to the rank and age of the party deceased. During the entire periodof mouriung no beating of bark for native cloth was permitted in the district where the death occurred.. A woman wishing to beat out her hark must go to another part of the island. The object in view was to avoid giving offence to the female demon Mueu, who introduced cloth-beating to this world, but who herself brats out cloth of a very different texture. Her cloth-flail is the stroke of death. So long as the mourning and funeral games were going on, Mueu was supposed to be present ; when all was over she returned to her home in Avaiki, or the shades. Hence the proverb when a person dies, ' Era, kua tangi te tutunga a Mueu,"i.e." 'Ah.! Mueu's flail is once more at work !' The last resting-place of Vedtini is at Bangikapna, a green spot about half-a-mile from the sea. The rays of the setting sun upon the lull, about 100 feet above the level of the ocean, thus (6) It was from The-thin-land that Potai sagely conjectured, that Captain Cook had come. ' Era, e te matakeinanga, no raro i Te-papa-rairai i Vatea '—(Surely, friends, he has climbed un from The-thin-land, the home of Vatea.) How ? By breaking through the solid sides of the vast cocoanut-shell. term ' meika' includes bananas and plantain;:. (8) Bmce the establishment of Christianity, this extravagant mode of mourning for the dead, with the single exception of the bad-smelling ' pakoko,' has been discontinued, distinguished. Oa the evening he was buried the dirges and dances that had been inventca in his honour were performed. The parents and the sister looked wistfully towards the north, hoping for his return to their midit— but in vain ! The dav following they walked in sad procession, slowly chanting dirges expressive of passionate desire again to embrace the departed, along the western shore of the island. At night, exhausted with grief and weariness, they slept in one of the rugged caves near the sex, having in vain strained their eyes over the ocean path where the spirit of Veetini had so lately dis appeared. The mourning band next sought the lost one on the southern and almost inaccessible shore of Mangaia ; still there was no response to the loud cries and entreaties oi tne disconsolate parents and the lovely Tiki. At last they arrived at the eastern coast, and gazed over the vast expanse swept by the life-giving trade-winds. Once more the lamentations and funeral dances were duly performed. At night they occupied the lluddy Cave (Ana-kura). The entrance to this spacious cave is washed by the surf. Ere dawn Tueva rose from his stony couch to watch the rising of the sun. The shadows of night were'fast passing away. In a few minutes more the sun rose in all its wonted glory. Tueva now noticed a tiny dark speck beneath on the ocean, which, as the sun advanced on its course, grew larger and drew nearer, passing over the ocean in the bright trail of the sun. On arriving nearer still, this wonder ful object, lightly skimming ever the crest of the waves, proved to be no other than their own lost Veetini ! The now rcjoicine parents rushed forward to kiss their sou, who wa6 indeed Veetini, yet not altogether like his former self. He said to tbe joyful throng that he had been permitted to revisit this upper world in conscqucnce of the passionate lamentations of his parents, and to comfort their sorrowing hearts. He also came to show mortals how to make offerings of food to please the dead. For himself, he had come and must depart in the bright track of the sun, being now a denizen of spirit-land. However, to gratify his parents and friends, Veetini asked great Tangaroa to detain the sun for a short time in its course, in order that he might rest and converse awhile with his relatives. Ihe prayer was granted, and the sun was detained while Veetini and his friends pleasantly rested in a sort of extempore house, or booth, erected on the spot known as ICaranga-iti. At length Yeetini rose and led the half-glad and half-sorrowlul procession along the beaeli towards the west, the sun now moving on as usual in the heavens. At last they leached Yuirorongo, or Bongo's sacred stream, directiy facing the setting sun. Here they rested a few minutes only, as day was fast fading away. Not far distant on the hill lay the body of Veetini. As the sun disap peared beneath the horizon, and the ocean was covered with its golden light, Veetini said ha must go. The weeping parents begged him to stay with them. The son replied, ' X cannot ; I do not belong to this world now;' and then shouted im patiently : — ' Thrust down the sun, That I may descend to ncthor-land !' The parents now endeavoured to detain him by force; but, lo 1 they grasped at a shadow. They watched him gliding swiftly over the western ocean in the ruddy track of the sun, and, with its last rays, Veetini, now a tinv distant speck in the train of the king of day, for ever disappeared. One of the fune al ce emonies taught by Veetiiii on his return to earth, was the holding of ' Death Talks,' of which many specimens are given in the volume. One of the best is the lament for the two children of Koioa. A SPIRIT- JOURNEY. A Dihge for Pukukare and Kourapapa, by their Father Koroa, Circa 179G. INTRODUCTION. Thy god, pet child, is a bad one ; For thy body is attenuated. Tliis wasting sickness must end thy days. Thy form once so plump, now how changed . foundation. The nights of Pufcukarc are sleepless Are spent in coughing and pain. Panting for breath, he gasps out— ' Mother, I am going to leave you. My rest will be in spirit- world.' FIRST OFFSHOOT. Ah, that god— that bad god ! Inexpressibly bad, my child ! The god ' Turanga ' is devouring thee, Although only partially his own. I am disgusted with the god of thy mother. Oh, for some other Helper 1 Fome new divinity, to listen To the sad story of thy wasting disease ! Thy form once so plump, now how changed ! SECOND .OFFSHOOT. Thy disease went on increasing. Like a demon squatting on thy shoulders, Was the swelling on thy neck. Thou wast fain to be fanned, To gain relief from burning fever— A fever sure to return. Thou wast laved in the sacred streams Of Roanuku, Bongo, and Tangaroa. Sometimes hopes of thy recovery Vainly flattered thy friends. Again thy body wasted away, And the mouths of ancestral caves Seemed to gape for our Pukukare. The god (Motoro) of Ngariki is enraged. Wherefore this pining death, And thy flesh ever wasting away. At length thou takest a long flight. Dear child, ere now thou hast reached The loftiest heights of Mount Ikurangi, Where the moon itself is devoured By the gods from Tonga and Tahiti. Thou shalt enter the presence of great Vatea. I go home now. So, too, will the king fromTonga, Thou has entered the expanse, And wilt visit 'the-land-of -red- parrot -feathers,' Where Oarangi was once a guest. Thou feedest now on ocean spray, And sippest fresh water out ©f the rocks, Travelling over rugged cliffs To the music of murmuring billows. Thy exile spirit is overtaken By darkness at the ocean's edge, Kourapapa there sleeps. All three (9) Stood awhile to gaze wistfully At the glories of the setting sun. Moonless nights shall pass, ere The fatal one shall arrive To conduct you to the dismal shades, Tbe denizens will be astonished At the arrival of you, pet children. The ghosts sorrowfully crowd round the spot, Whence the wingi of the wind shall bear Them to great spirit-land, where A dreadful oven awaits all who Pass o'er the ocean. FINALE. Ai e ruaoo e 1 E rangai e 1 So various and full of imagination are the myths of these Polynesian islanders that one is tempted to go on quoting beyond the limits of the space allotted. In conclusion, however, we must give the beautiful poem— for it is nothing else— of the 'Fairy of the Fountain,' which, in some points, strangely resembles the well-known German story of ' Undine.' THE FAIHY OF THE FOUNTAIN. In Barotonga, at the pretty viliage of Aorrangi, is the small fountain of Vaitipi. On the night of the full moon, a woman and a man of dazzling white complexion rose up out of the crystal water. When the inhabitants of this world were supposed to be asleep, they came up from the shades to steal taro, plantains, bananas, and cocoa- nuts. All these good things they took back to nether-world to devour raw. Little did the fairies think that they had been seen by mortals, and that a plan was being devised to catch them. A large scoop net of strong cinet was made for this purpose, and constant watch set at the fountain by night. On the first appearance of the new moon they again came up, and, as usual, went off to pillage the Elantations. The great net was now carefully outspread at the ottoin of the fountain, and then they gave chase to the fair beings from spii it-world. The fairy girl was the first to reach the fountain, and dived down. She was at once caught in the net, and carried off in triumph. But in replacing the net after the struggle, a small space remained uncovered ; through this tiny aperture the male fairy contrived to escape. The lovely captive became the cherished wife of the chief Ati, who now carefully filled up the fountain with great stones, lest his fairy spouse should return to nether-world. They lived very happily together. She was known all over Barotonga as the ' peerless one (Tapairn) of Ati.' the got reconciled to the ways of mortals, and grew content with her novel position^ In the course of time she became pregnant, and when the period of her delivery had come, she said to her husband, 'Perform on me the Caesaroan operation, and then bury my dead body. But cherish tenderly our child.' Ati refused to accede to this proposition, but' allowed Nature to take her course, so that the fairy became the livine mother of a fair boy. e When at length thechUd had become strong, the mother one day wept bitterly in the presence of her husband. JBhe told him that it was grief at the destruction of all mothers in the shades upon the birui of the first-born. Would he consent to her return thitlOT in order that 6uch a custom should be put a stop to ? Ati should accompany her. This was agreed upon, and accordingly the great stones were dragged up from the bottom of the fountain. (8) ' Pukukare ' was older than the ' pet KourapBpa.' A de ceased young sister is ' the third ' referred to in this song, which pertains to the ' death-talk ef Kourapapa.' All kinds of vegetable gums were now collected, and the carefully besmeared the entire person of Ati, so as to facilita(7i?^ descent to the lower world. Holding firmly the hand of her human husband, the fairr to the bottom of the fountain, and nearlv reached the entrant t the invisible world. But Ati was so dreadfully exhausted that out of pity for him she returned. Five times was this nroeKa repeated-in vain ! The fair one from spirit-land wept bccau^ her husband was not permitted to accouipanv her ? lor 0nli- lh spirits of the dead and immortals can enter. * ' ? Sorrowfully embracing each other, the ' peerles* one ' sa-'H ' 1 alone will go to the spirit-world to teach what 1 have leamt from you.' At this she again dived down into the clc-ar waters and was never again seen on earth. Ati went sorrowful! v back to his old habitation, and thenceforth their boy wus called ' Ati-ve'c ' (Ati-thc- forsateu) in memory of his lost ialrv mother. He was surpassingly fair, like his mother from spirit land; but, strangely enough, his descendants are dark liue ordinary mortals. 1 It is to this lovely fairy woman the old song of the Ati clan alludes : — ' She has descended again to spirit-world ! Men praised the divine being first seen by Ati at the fountain But his heart is now filled with grief ' Hence the origin of the common name ' Taiparu '—peerless one, in memory of their fairy ancestress. A few more years and these legends will have faded before the truths of Christianity, while Mr. Gill s book will contain the only record of the faith of a hundred generations. Most valuable is it both on this account and also as showing that there are traces of divinity in every religion, and that even the customs of human sacrifice and icvenge contained elements of self-devotion and justice, and were the teachings of solemn though false faith, and not the mere prompt ings of savage cruelty, as we are too apt to conclude AUSTRAL1E. November 25, 187C. 