GLEN INNES MID-WINTER RACE MEETING. {Abridged from tho Guardian.) FinsT DAY, WEDNESDAY. THE Maiden Pluto of 20 sovoreigns, with a swoop of £2 oneil iuUlccl for stni ters ; rino milo mid n distance. Fivo horses started. Hiawatha was llrst favourite, but Flirt and Coronet lind ninny admirers. Tho his- tory of this rnco can bo told in a tow words ; aftor a moderately fair start had been secured, Whitofoot went to tho front, and was never caught, Coming down thu straight in tho lust milo, Coronet made n desperate, but lnoll'cctual, attempt to como to tho front. Mr F. Cliappolt'a b g Whitofoot, agod. 1 F, M 'lunes' b h Coronet, i years. 2 J. M'Donald's b m Sixty-two, agod. 3 This rnco was followed by tho Sefling Stühes of 12 sovereigns, with a sweep ot £ 1 each ndded. After a poor rivalry, Flirt carried oil' tho honours. In ac cordimco with a stipulation contained in tho pro- gramme, tho winner was submitted to auction, and purchased by Br Sogol for £20. Tho Autumn Handicap, a sweepstakes of £4 each, with 40 sovereigns added ; 1\ milo. This was tho race of tho day, mid brought to tho foro tivo lloraos. Uncus was generally regarded as tho horso that would "do it." Maude also hud many friends, and, liko Uncus, wn3 backed to win. Maudo lcd oil' with a strong load, next in attendance carno Whitofoot, with tho rost of tho company well up. Shortly nftur passing tho Stand Maggie foll, and did not nguiu engage in tho raco. At tho back of tho courso W hitefoot mado, without success, au attempt to got first placo. On his failing Uncas tried his akill with ovon lesa good fortune ¡than his contemporary. Ou arriving at tho tlireo-quartor milo post Counter- feit was noticed moving forward, and shortly aftor cutciiug tho straight ho came to tho front, and won with apparent ease. Mr J. A. CunrpbsU's uh g Counterfeit, aged, Sst 121bs 1 J. Carroll's ch f Maudo, 3 years, Tst ¿lbs .... 2 F. Chappoll's b g Whitofoot, aged, b'st. 3 Tho Lexington Cup (value 10 sovoreigns) with a swoop of 10s. oach ad dod. Throe horses compoted for this prize, and it was won by Mr. Doveroll's Sambo. The Flying Stakes, a pri/.o of 25 sovoreigns, with a sweop of £2 for starters, secured tho small Mold of three horses. Tho distance hoing only throe-quarters of a milo thora was vory little acopo tor tho competi- tors to display their racing powers ; howovor, in coming down straight an interesting tussol took place between Clifton Lad and Stranger for first place. This honour was secured by tho former, and ho wou the raco without a groat dual of exertion. SECOND DAY. Tho first taco on tho card was tho Hurdle Handi- cap, which foll through. Tho noxt race was tho Jookoy Club Gift, a handicap sweepstakes of £5 each for starters, with GO sovs. addod ; second horae to re- ceive £12 and tho third £5 from tho stakes. Dis- tance, 1J milo. Counterfeit's performance in tho Handicap on tho provious day mado him a general favourite for this rnco ; but Stockwell, Maude, and Clifton Lad had each their adinirors. The horses woro sent away on about equal torms, Whitofoot luading olf. On entering tho straight Maudo rushed to tile front, and in doing so caused Whitofoot to sworvo considurnbly from tho track. After getting first place, Maudo lcd tho company until tho back ot tho courso was reached, whun a general rush was made. This onded in Whitofoot again taking llrst place, and Uncas, Stockwell, Clifton Lad, and Coronet sacrificing tho only chanco they had of car- rying oil' tho honours. With Whitefoot leading, and Maudo and Counterfeit second and third, tho horses raced into tho straight. Counterfeit's rider evidently felt it was to ho dono then or never, and, summoning tho old horso up, made a rush for tho Iront. In his onward courso ho was encountered by Maudo, and for a second or two tho game littlo Kolpio held him in cheek ; hut it was only momentary, for utmost imme- diately afterwards ho waa seen tasseling with White foot fur llrst place. This continued until about fifteen yards from home, when Counterfeit, amidst much ex- citement, went to tho front, and won by about half n length. Mr J. A. CainphoU'8 chg Counterfeit, aged, Sat lOlbs 1 F. Chuppcll's h g Whitofoot, aged, 0'st21bs ... 2 John Cu noll's ch f Maude, 3 years, (ist lillis... 3 Tho Novelty Handicap of 20 sovereigns, with a sweep of £2 added. Only three horses started for this raco, and it waa won by Sixty-two without much exertion. Tho Ghost got second piuco. As provided by tho programme, tho winner waa put up to auction, and was purchased by Mr M'innes for £20. Counter- feit nod tile Ghost wera also sold. Tho former rea- lised £100, and was purchased by Mr J. J. ll. Gibson, and tho latter brought £10, and found a purchaser in Mr John Chappell. Tho Hotter Skelter Stakes was tho fourth raco, and consisted of a, prizo of tivo sovereigns, with a sweep of tivo shillings each addod. Distance, half a milo. Some twolvo lloraos started, ami, after a keon contest between Shellback and Stranger, tho former was tho successful horse by about haifa head. Tho Forced Handicap of 10 sovs., with a .Cl swoop for all losers that started, addod to 3 per cent, de- ducted from winnora of tho principal prizes, was tho lust raco on thu card. Tho distance was a milo and a half, mid BOIIIO 0 horsos wero competitors. This was a really good race. Maudo wont away with a strong load, but on entering tho straight Sixty-two wont up to tho front, but was soon displaced by Whitefoot. At tho hack of tho courso Maude again wont to tho trout, ami maintained thia position until the finish. On ontcriiig tho straight, Uncas endeavoured to como Uli, but only succeeded in getting second piuco. Mr. John Carroll's ch f Maudo, 3 years. 1 W. lt. Kiley's br g Uncas, aged. 2 F. Chappell's b g Whitofoot, aged. 3 Tho settling took place nt Tattorsall's Hotel, and was attended with the merry- making mid toast drink- ing usual to occasions of the kind. £150 towards tho funds of tho club woro subscribed in tho room. 