odd notes; BT A BOHEMIAS'. " -j"piryTcp'^TiM " put I11B foot down." It takes ■ '-'.V greai. amount of provocation to. rouse ■ his »temper;~snd it alight be. supposed, from- his \- Usually amiable". and yielding disposition, that hfcdn't! any temper worth mentioning to . '.tlouse.'' iBub ho has . However much you may ^"doubt the,assertion, my intelligent reader, I \- can .assure-you on my word of honour! that . the leader, of the. Opposition can be goaded linto obstinacy of a very determined type. Base 3n gratitude will sometimes drive him to make V a stand "like tins, and ingratitude is what has .updone' it -now. Mr. P. P. Macdonald, .in the ■>;£ablimelanguage of the. divine Milton, .,•*«»» "made -. the . pot; boil over." Mac ;■ donald is. a squatter, and he knows as well-as anybody how desirable it is far all n «quattera to Tnaintain in a crooked and per 'ti-Teree generation ;like this, the assertion that ,.,Jhigclass of colonists are not a political party. .ViThe squatters, as such, never unite, in Parlia .0,-jnixt or outof it,! to secure class interests at ; of .the rest of the community, but are'always ready and willing to consider every popular, measure solely and puTely on its merits, without reference to the effect it may .have in weakening the power and influence t'pf'tbs^pqhatteis or interfering with what they 1 j' conmder their " vested interests" in the waste lands/they' hold on lease.' Yet, knowing all ; -flriaj' Hdcddnald, one of the oldest of the. !3[rior$ran squatters, has had the audacity of late '.to support' the: Government; while every other ^Mbitter'in the Honse,- with the exception of "■ my'oiS" friend Jacob low, is in- Opposition. ?tiii;you conceive of anything more dastardly ? '•». itjenough to make the most amiahle. and I dt leaden of wdt- an Opposition feel Ss'tiSgiyf'1 I should rather think so. Itwillbe ,irremembaed that Macdonald has a claim -:jdgainst the-Government for being robbed of run - through, blundering, or favouritism &e; Crown- Lands Office, ten or. a dozen, years 'i-ma'V, A jury gave him a. verdict, and assessed 1 otto 3i!m>sges.at'£16,0D0, but he,could not get it the Government were the defen Bidintr- I'^hen lm-was deq^ a..memher of •Pariimnent, '.V4 Palmm.and his friends re •Jeeived him with' Ppenarma, audtoldhim '.'they ».wcmld ■ee him rig:]4®4 '"-which ought to have . bonna-him to.the V81^ ^the strongest of Vbouds—but it didn't.* The M he d!a ;ra going.into the Hoa;«?*ES to vote against ■ John Scott as Speaker,- .which put the '.Palmer'Ministry out. But 'this would have ..Leen condonedif he had acted properly after ' Wards... He . weut fromhad-to* worse however. ! A select committee , sat on. the-question of his ' claims, and .decided that he ought »to have six \- ifinnwA pounds. A large majority of the '"jtoBembiy endorsed the recommendation of the ;ioimnitiBi; and'if Macdonald had1 possessed -' ahy sense of decency he" would then have gone ''to^er to thfe squatters and stuck to them through ' thick and thin.. He did just the opposite ' however, and now he will be made to suffer for • it. Palmer says He will see that man con r denmed to eternal salvation—-or "words to that 1 -j effect—before he shall have a " blessed penny. I. hope Maedonald's case will be a -warning to .. all. squatters who get- elected to Parliament. . He has lost-six thousand pounds, as sure as • fate, by not sitting; and voting steadily. with ' • his class. Palmer -will. suffer martyrdom rather '''than, let'Macdonald; get the money after the " ' way He has behaved. i*. And talking of squatters reminds me of De .pBatge. He is a squatter. Some people think %ttti a perfect specimen of the type in all re ^fpectsl'*"! cannot conscientiously assert that I " Jgo: ;quite so far. He is perhaps a fair ' ' ' average, sample of -the new race of squatters '^'but, to thy thinking, there is a iee-tle too much ) 0'Qf "Jackaroo" or "colonial experience ''-fnirif*' hhout him-for a real thorough-going ■' ^gquatter.; I' don't like Jackaroos, as a rule, vj X'hove met a number of young gentlemen who pi'ctme out ^here to acquire colonial experience, andJengagedrfor nothing a year "and find v.-'Mhemselvefl."- Byi the time, they have.heen at > that'business two or three years—if they get ;t no' remittances; from home, they become very .disigreeahle animals.. Sometimes,when pros perifcy i Ehm^s;,ppon ' tlie "Jackarob )iii; after •years; and: he gets to.! be a •; boss squatter," ho-sheds, hisJackaroo; skin, ~andv {comes out.. as • sociable, generous - hearted, \ "self reliant a fellow • as* you. would -insh to' see. ■ Sometimes it is all the other way. .De Satge is. now a hoss squatter, and has done pretty ,well ,at .it—but ho is continually whining in the Assembly for Government assis tance. This last week he has ventilated another trfmblc. . The wallabies are increasing on liis run, or on the runs of his.neighbours, and he wants the Government, to go and catch these wallabies, or put up paling fences to keep them out, or do something or other for thepoordistressed squatter who is troubled with these marsupials. It is very distressing to hear the feUow'scomplaintSjhuthe puts it on too strong, and soon gets tiresome. He has whined so long and persistently about the poor distressed squatter, that even his own friends iu the Assembly are beginning tolaughat him in their sleeve. Won't some of. them' send round the hat, and see what can he collected towards helping him to get rid of his superfluous walla bies? ; The Government cannot go and catch them;' and it would hot be fair to fence in his run' with a close paling fence at the public expense. Perhaps, if sufficient inducement offered, Walsh might-be. persuaded to go up, catch the wallabies, tin them do wn, and export them to England as Queensland game. He said last week if he were a younger man he would go to Tasmania and make his fortune at the potted- rabbit business. I think be is just about the right age to go put to the Peak Downs, and open up a trade, with, the mother country for -tinned*.wallaby. I never see Walsh now, or I would suggest the matter to him myself. Perhaps Morehead, or .Amhursfc, or Ivory would, out of pity to De Satge, see whether something cannot he done, for him, either by making a collection, or sending up Walsh. It is not creditable to. the squatters to allow, one of their number to do the "Job Trotter" business to the extent De Satge is doingit. If there is one position in life more enjoy able than another it is, I think, that of an insolvent who has failed for a tremendously large sum, and done it neatly—"within the four'corners of the Insolvency Act," as the lawyers say. I often wish I was an insolvent, who had failed for a million, or something like Buch a sum.: I would sooner he in that posi tion than be uncle to the Czar of Russia, or first cousin to the Queen of Shebal Such a Tnnn is happy, or ought to be, if happiness is to .be found on this earth. He don't owe anybody a penny; he has a host of sympathising friends; he is not expected to keep up any appearances, except a sort of mitigated woe and injured innocence deportment before strangers; and if he has not saved enough but * of • the -wreck to make himself - and his. family comfortable, he - deserves kicking. I was led to the above tram of. thought a short time ago by seeing an insolvent leave the wharf, at Bris bane,' for a .trip to the old country.The choicest-, berth in the. vessel was. secured for bim, and so it will be on the mail steamer that' conveys him the last part of the journey; the little coasting steamer in which he was depart ing was, scarcely big enough to hold all his .luggage,..and a hort of friends; were present , to , wish , him a. .pleasant, voyage. C hope I am not envious; I try my best, in a quiet, unostentatious manner, to paddle^/ny own canoe, and forge ahead just as time, tide, and personal skill permit, without grizzling over the slow rate, of progress I am making as compared with others. It is a source 3f perennial satisfaction to me to know that we shall all live till we die-—if nobody kills us —and that it won't make two straws difference a* hundred years hence how much we saved or spent bo long as we worked our passage through in an honest, manly, upright/and down- straight manner. But I must say that when I saw the gentleman before alluded to depart from these shores I should have been bappv to have tanged places with him. I should like to ake a trip to the old country, and visit the d places, and see ns many of the old faces as e left. But there isn't the ghost of a chance ; it. I am not an insolvent for half-a illion, and never can hope to be. J am not fcely to become an insolvent at all, for the :-sfc of all possible reasons, which I need not lention. more particularly, and the longer I vethe more firmly am I convinced that very iw men in this grc*t colony who pay twenty fillings to the pound all "through ever get me and money enough for a trip to the old nuitry, travelling first-class all the' way. Tow apd again one does it in his old age, but. solvents for very large amounts nearly Iways can manage a trip of this kind. For ine favours the brave. /. Sekicvltuke at Rebcuffe.—A correspon dent, writing from Redcliffe, says that the sericultural operations being carried'on there are progressing favourably, there being now Rome thousands of cocoons fully formed, and the magnanery has a gay and pretty ap pearance from the number of white and orange cocoons formed in the faggots placed above the trays and the pearl-like worms on the green leaves. The same correspondent adds:—A memorial is going round for,signatures, pray ing that our roads, may be repaired—certainly not without cause—some parts being in a very bad state, in wet weather especially. 