FALLEN FORTUNES. By JAMES PAYN, 'AUTHOR OF " LOST SIR MASSINGBERD/ "WAITER'S WORD," &C.; CHAPTER II. TEACHER AHD PUPIL. There axe no doubt attractions of a sentimental kind that cling to fine old countryhouses, with which no other habitations can compete. " I like your England only pretty well," observed an American lady to me on one occasion; " but I do love her ruins." Historical association was what her own land did not possess, and she valued it accordingly; and, indeed, it has charms for most of us. It is something to dwell under the same roof which has sheltered Queen Elizabeth in her progress, or Charles IL in his wanderings; and perhaps even to sleep in the same bed that was once occupied by the Royal Martyr. But there are objections to these stately ancestral homes, which make them more pleasant to "go over" as a tourist, with a halfcrown in your hand, destined for the housekeeper, than to reside in as a guest. The rooms are stuffy, and the ventilation most observable is draughts under the doors; the windows are small, and do not conveniently open; there is generally a reputed ghost or two—which, however much we laugh at in broad daylight, is apt to appeal more strongly to the imagination when we are lying awake, during the small-hours, in an antiquated fourposter. Lastly, the " Castle," or " Hall," or " Tower," or whatever imposing name it may bear, though generally what the auctioneers term "finely situate," is by no means always placed in the most picturesque spot of those which its extensive lands afford for building purposes. In the good old times, when everybody was for interfering with his neighbour, or for avoiding being interfered with, the architect of the period was more intent upon preserving the personal safety of his employer, and making him inaccessible to the general public, than in providing him with an attractive outlook, and we often sigh, as we contemplate some stately home, moat-ringed — as though wedded to old Time himself— "Oh, why was it not built there or here!" It is for these reasons that I prefer to be a guest—for in my wildest dreams I have never pictured myself as the proprietor thereof—at some modern mansion, though owned perchance by City millionaire of yesterday, than to be entertained in what I have heard a certain gilt but irreverent youth—himself the Lord of such a feudal residence—term a "ghost box." lean fancy few pleasures more solid and satisfactory than that of going about this fair land, with a hundred thousand pounds or so in one's pocket, looking out for an -estate with an eligible site to build a house upon after one's own fancy—or perhaps still better, to purchase one ready built. George Campden—a fortunate man in -many-things—had been lucky enough to find in Riverside a ready-made residence that suited his taste exactly, save in some particulars which his riches easily enabled to make comformable to it. It had been built but a few years by one who had risen on the flood of fortune only to be dragged down with its ebb, and yet it had no objectionable trace of newness. How could it do so, indeed, when the flinty bowels of old Bleabarrow had supplied its walls, up which the creepers had been as prompt to climb, as heath and wildflower were to deck the crags themselves ? There was an affinity between stone and plant at Riverside Hall, which I have seen nowhere else, and which made the whole edifice less like a production of art than of nature. Yet art, and that of the most modern kind, was everywhere visible about it, from the divan-like billiard-roem with its electric markingboard, to the gilt gas-lamps marking the garden-path that led to where the steamyacht was housed—a boat-house like a Chinese palace. The lamps were by no means superfluous, though the steamyacht might certainly have been termed so, since it was only after much rain that the Nathay would admit of its reaching Bleabarrow Mere, under pretence of navigating the waters of which that ambitious vessel had been purchased; but the sailing-yaclit, which the Chinese palace also contained in addition to halfa-dozen pleasure-skiffs, was often put in requisition; and after a late picnic, or protracted voyage, the miniature lighthouse at the head of the boat-landing was useful enough, and the lamps beside the winding pathway saved many a bed of costly flowers from invasion and damage. The house was built upon elevated ground, that gradually sloped up to it from the river; but at its back, and sheltering it from the north and east, a hill arose, so high that it could be almost termed a mountain, and yet so fertile that great trees grew almost to its summit, beneath which the insatiable sheep cropped the rich grass ; while lower down clumps of tame deer wandered from shade to shade, with twinkling ears. The whole place, without and within, displayed that: perfection and wholeness which is only • possible in a country residence when its possessor has large supplies of ready- money. It was Mr. Campden's boast that if anything went amiss, from the bursting of the kitchen-boiler to the breaking of a window-pane, the mischief was repaired upon the instant. , " Ten squires, ten v yeomen, mail-clad men," might not indeed wait "the beck of the warders ten ;" nor " thirty steeds, both fleet and wight," stand " saddled in stable day and night," as the poet tells us " was the custom of Branksome Hall;" but there were steeds and serving-men in plenty at RiversideJ; and man and horse were dispatched to the county town with equal speed, and certainly on much less emergencies than were wont to send them forth from that Border tower. No guest ever had it brought home to him that he was sojourning at a country-house, from the occurrence of an inconvenience that extended beyond the hour; while every luxury was supplied to him that London could produce. Even the lettuces in the salads were almost as good (tliouhg if there was a weak point in the Riverside commissariat it was that which is common to all country places whatsoever—the lettuces) as those bought in Covent Garden itself; while the asparagus was infinitely better. Not a bottle of chain- . pagne was ever opened that had not been * duly iced. The daity papers arrived by express at 4.30 from the nearest railway station, and from' it "was a branch telegraph to the Hall, by which the morning news came down, and was found upon the breakfast-table by the earliest riser. The guests of the house descended to that meal at any time they pleased, or, if they preferred it, had it served to them in their apartments; but the hours for lunch and dinner were absolutely fixed (as they must be if the cook is to respect his art), and were stated on a printed card, and hung up in every bedroom, as prices are at hotels. The wheel of existence was made, in short, to move so smoothly at Riverside that you forgot the mechanism of strap and cog that are in general so plainly .visible, and were apt to take that as a matter of course which was in reality the result of infinite pains and provision. When you shifted your quarters^ it is true your mistake was immediately rectified; -but it was said, and said truly, by thosb who had experience in such matters, that to be a guest with the Campdens "spoiled you" for visiting anywhere else. What gave Riverside an advantage, however, it must be confessed, in such a comparison was that it stood almost alone in being essentially a summer residence. Although the estate was large, there was little game upon it, and that little—the proprietor being no sportsman—was not preserved. Hence, when the house was at its fullest, other country mansions were standing empty, their fashionable owners having gone on the continent, or yachting in the Mediterranean; and when the hunter's horn or the whirring wing of the pheasant sounded their recall, Riverside in its turn became vacant of guests, and the Campdens came up to town for the winter months. Sometimes their daughter Mary would precede them by a few weeks, which she would spend with the Daltons in Cardigan-place; and sortietimes she would tarry behind them, to enjoy " the season" a little longer, under the auspices of the same hostess. The two families, though they called themselves cousins, were only distantly related, but they lived in great familiarity and friendship; Kate Dalton, in particular, felt almost as much at home at Riverside as beneath her father's roof, and especially on the present occasion, when her "belongings," as she eddied them, were her fellow-guests. She had often stayed there alone, just as Mary Campden —her dearest friend, though she was her senior by two years—had stayed at Cardigan-place; but the fact was she was never quite happy when away from her family. Her mother, whom die adored, was herself in delicate health, while her sister Jenny was a confirmed invalid, afflicted with a sort of chronic neuralgia, which at times made any movement of the limbs intolerable; and Kate was eager to do her share of tendance, and also to take Tony off their hands during his holidays, whose animal spirts, though he too was far from physically strong, were at times not a little " trying." It was from their mother that the children, doubtless, all inherited their delicacy of constitution, for Mr. Dalton was never known to have had " anything the matter with him," in wind or limb; but for a certain nervous and impulsive temperament, which was common to them all, they had to thank, or to blame, their father. Under an appearance of the most perfect sangfroid, it was asserted, by those who ought to have known him best, that John Dalton concealed a sensitive and passionate nature, and that though he was the most popular man of his day in Clubs and on Business Committees—two very different characters rolled into one—he could show " a deuce of a temper" when displeased. As his wife and children loved him to excess, however, it is charitably to be believed that these paroxysms, if he really did indulge in them, were rare and short-lived. He has not yet arrived on the scene in person, but we may make some guess at his character from a specimen of his correspondence, perhaps. 