A CURIOUS ECCLESIASTICAL CASE. STRANGE SCENE IN CHURCH. A case of more than usual interest was heard at the Magistrates' Court, Woodside, on Wed- nesday, May 3, before Mr. E. Castle, S.M., and Mr. R. Perkins, J.P., Frederich Wilhelm Kleinschmidt, gentleman, and Johann Ernest Pfeiffer, of Sohoenkeld, farmer, were charged on the information of Wilhelm Schubert, of near Lobethal, farmer, " that he did on the 23rd day of April, 1876, at Lobethal, in the Evangelical Lutheran Church there situated, misuse, disturb, and molest one Lebrecht Friedrich Ehregott Krause, the pastor of the said Church, then and there officiating as preacher at a congregation of persons assembled for religious worship.'' Mr. L. von Doussa appeared for the informant, and Mr. W. H. Bundey for the defendants. Dr. Hubbe was sworn as interpreter. Mr. Von Doussa, in opening the case, said that the information was laid under clause 42 of Act 2 of 1859, which said., " whosoever shall wilfully, and of purpose maliciously or con- temptuously interrupt any congregation, meet- ing, or assembly, of persons assembled for religious worship, or shall in any way disturb, or molest, or misuse any preacher, teacher, or person officiating at such congregation, meeting, or aussmbly ; or any person present at any such congregation, meeting, or assembly, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor." According to his instructions the defendants, on the day named in the information, prevented the pastor from ascending the pulpit of his Church, Zum Weinberge Christi, at Lobethal. They used considerable violence, and the minister had to be rescued by some of his friends. He deeply regretted that the necessity had arisen to bring such a case before the Court, considering the respective positions of the parties, but he said, whatever might be the opinion of the defen- dants, and those acting with them, as to their Iegal rights, he was confident the Court would agree with him that they could not assert them in the manner described. If his instructions were correct, the evidence which he would bring forward would show very dearly that the defendants were wholly unjustified in taking the action they had, and even supposing that they had ground of complaint, if the evi- dence was what he anticipated it would be, he should confidently ask that the defendants might be committed to take their trial at the Supreme Court. He then called the informant, Wilhelm Schubert, who stated that he was a trustee of the Zum Weinberge Christi Church, and also a member of the congregation meeting at the church, and Mr. Krause had been their pastor for four years and a half. He attended the church in the afternoon of Sunday, April 23, and heard the pastor notify that he would preach that evening in the church. He went there in the evening, and when ha reached the church, the service had not commenced. The pastor opened the service by saying—"ln the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," and reading two lines of a hymn. While these were being sung the pastor stood by the altar in front of the pulpit. When the hymn was nearly over he endeavored to ascend the pulpit Kleinschmidt exclaimed — "Now, Pfeiffer, look out." Pfeiffer then "caught hold" of the minister by the arm, and Kleim- schmidt "caught hold" of him also, and said— "You have to sit down here." An awful row followed. It could not have been worse if it was in a public-house. His (witness's) son and a person named Knoske rescued the pastor, who then went to the altar and preached. There was at large congregation, and the dis- turbance took place in their presence. By Mr. Bundey—The defendants are two of the Trustees of the Church and church property, in conjunction with myself and Mr. Thomas. The deed produced is the declaration of trust upon which the property is held. The majority of the male members of the Church, being par- takers and members thereof, have power to decide upon all matters connected with Church government, and the appointment and dis- missal of the pastor. There is a Synod, called the Evangelical Lutheran Synod of South Aus- tralia, to whom differences arising in Churches are referred. There have been unhappy dif- ferences between the pastor and a portion of his congregation for some time past. An appeal was made by the pastor to the Synod, but I cannot say what the decision of the Synod was. It may have been adverse to the pastor and those agreeing with him. Several notices, relating to steps that had been taken to dismiss the pastor, were here handed to the witness ; and, in reply to a question, he said he had neither seen them before nor heard them read. The documents were in German, and the translations were made by Dr. Hübbe. The first was as follows :— " Lobethal, 26th December, 1875. "To the Reverend Pastor L. F. K. Krause, Lobethal. " The congregation' Zum Weinberge Christi' of this place has, on the day of this date, held a duly convened meeting of the congregation, public notice of which meeting has been given after Divine service this day and this day week ago ; the purpose thereof was, to take into consideration your pastor Krause's official posi- tion in the congregation 'Zum Weinberge Christi ;' and, accordingly, the majority of the members duly qualified to vote of the congre- gation ' Zum Weinberge Christi' beg leave to inform yon hereby, respectfully, of the reso- lution of this meeting of the said congregation, whichis as follows :— " Whereas all attempts and pains which have been taken on the part of this oongregation, as also the pains taken by the Reverend 'Council of the Ghttrch' *ni by the Synod, for the; purpose of 4801100 to an understanding with | you touching your doctrinal points, which an forefapi to the Lutheran Church, and your persistent implacability, have been in vain and j unsuccessful; therefore, in consideration of the promises, the undersigned majority of the duly, qualified members .of the congregation 'Zam Wefnbexge OhrisH,' which oongregation only 4?4t noted) has the perfect right so to do, .hsssby notifies to you that from this time forth your official position In the congregation of this place ceases. n This was signed by the defendants aad 38; other members of the congregation. The other ! notices referred to meetings to ba held to son-! aider the differences between the pastor and bis people, and also the appointment of a Target. The last document ran as follows :— "Five three-quarter o'clock, "April 83,1876. *• Notice from meeting of the congregation of •Zum Weiaberge Ohdsti' to Pastor L. F. JB. Krause. "This is to Inform Pastor L. F. B. Krause that from and after ibis hour he must not any more perform ?ay official acts in the church of 4 Zum Welnberge Ohristt,' at LobethaL . "By order of assembled congregation, ** J. K. PraiFFaa, Ohalrman " Cross-examination continued—l saw the de fendant Pfetffer and pastor Krause vith ? paper at bis house on April 23. The pastor dW not open the paper, but returned It to Pfeiffer. There was a meeting that afternoon at tke. pastor's house. It was about the decision of tiie Synod and Church affairs. It was after the paper referred to was given to the pastor that I accompanied him to the ohureh. Mr. Woltkn was in the reader's chair when the pastor went up to the platform. I did not know that Woltke had been appointed lay reader by the congrega tion, Mr.yon Doussa objected to this cross-exami nation, and submitted that no evidence was receivable as to the assumed legal right of the.defendants, and these acting with them, to do as they had done. All that they had to enquire Into was, was this a meeting of the congregation for religious worship; was the pastor there acting as a teacher to auoh oongre gation; and was he whilst so acting interrupted and disturbed by the defendants ? Mr. Bundey contended that the evidence was strictly applicable to the question before the Court. He should have presently to submit that, even taking the Informant's own version, the case did not come within the meaning of the Act referred to. He was instructed that, so far from the. defendants being the aggressors, the charge should really have been Jail against the pastor. The object of bis cross-examination was to show that the pastor had been dismissed by the only persons who had power to dismiss him; that he had been held to be In the wrong by the Eynod to whom h? had appealed; and that he was the party taking the law into his own heads by forcibly entering into the church whendivine servloe was being held by the lay reader, Mr. tfoiik*. If the pastor had felt hlmeelf aggrieved his duty was to have taken the same course as Dr. Loessel did, when the eongregatlcti wor shipping in his ehuroh In Adelaide prohibited htm from sating, viz, an action upon toe civil side of the Ooart CrotS'exftntnatlon eoatfaraed — When the pastor went np to the altar I did not hear him say, " Mr. Woltke, what are you doing here, you wicked man 7" I did not hear him say to the defendant Xletnsehmldt, "You are tender the baa ; you are under the ban." After fie pastor bad given oat two lines of the hymn, and the singing had commenced, the other party up in the gallery commenced singing another hymn, and played the organ. They sang the hymn through. The pastor remained at tWttwaitK the def*t*?nt prevented ?? fmi going Into the Balptt* . : < LAbncht Fri*4rioh fihrsgott Krause said he waTthe pastor oTZttm WeW& tfcrlstl Ohureh. He was appointed as paster abott four yean and a half age fay the etsuregadosi He Remembered the 23xd of April lass. He held a service on tike afternoon of that day In the ohureh, 'and said he. would do so in the evening at 7 o'clock. He attended In the eveilnff. The bell was ringing when he left his home, but It oeased before he reached the ohureh. He was not far from the church when the ringing of the bell oeased. The churoh dooi was open. He sad not see any one open it. jAU-fte people had not gone in when he ?et there. He went with two trustees, Sshnbert and Thomas. When he went up to the] altar he was astonished to see Woltke siViwqg in his place. The congregation was not engaged in worship when he went In. The mocfe of commencing the service was not the *?ai£ is att congregations. He aemmeneed it iA all ways. His intention on that night was to preach from the pulpit, and when the sing- Ing tended he took Us books and went to the oorufer of the alter. The steps of the pulpit and Kleinschmidt were there. Seeing the number of the persons on the steps he gave np his intention to go Into the pulpit. When he jwent towards the pulpit the two defendants took hold of him. FfeUEer took hold of his left arm and palled him forward, and the other defendant took nun by t£e right-hand side. Both defendants saU,. "This way; this way." Was defenceless, as his hands were full. Two persons oune to his awnstsnee. He had a conversation with Klein sctan Ht before this, when be (KUfaschmldt) caO?a him a tyrant. He told Klelnsobmidt that he ? ould pat him into the-ban, hut that was In reply to Bometftlng that KlwhwetnhHt s?is to him. He told Woltke that he was not In bis place, and that he was guilty of a wickedness toil trade In the* place. Told him to recollect that he would have to die sometime, and that tked he would stiff w for it Wottke did not go afray after he spoke to him. This conversa tion itoc¥ place after the service commenced. By Mr. Bnndey—l don't know whettter I saw m copr of tfae-r trast deed predaoad. The date kdants were tnstees at the time of my appc Lntment, and were two of the members of the eoogregatien who originally appointed me.: I ha+e had differences with some of the mem bem ?f the congregation. I aswealed to the Syni i, hut thej aie only a eonsulta|[ body. Hid havelnogwrarslngpower over the Ohureh.' I sn# say whether the dedsUm of the Byned was aive -se to me, but we appeal to the whole Latleran Ohureh of South Australia. The Sync & has no appellate jurisdiction from the Lutl oran Ohurehos. Was asked vy defendant Pfeifer to read a nottee convening a meeting to be held on December 2fi, but I declined to do so. Icai t say whether I received notification that myi irvioss would be dispensed with on 28th BeotJbW. Idldnotknowtiiatttiekeysof the churoh were handed to the verger by the defen dant Pfeiffer, on behalf of tin eesigregatton, afton the decision of the Synod. Pfeiffer and! TanUe called at my house on 23rd 1 'April. PfeUEsr presentod a paper tome. wfelohldid?strea*. I will swear that Pfeiffer did not tell me not to attempt to come into tjhuroh again, or use wards to that effect. Mr. Bundey—What was the reason that you desldcfiiiot to receive ate paper? Witness— Beoa^ in America tbe law Is very strict against any 1 aoh decoments being read on Sunday, and it #1 uld have no effect Mr. Bundey—Then the 1 enftbfc you declined to receive it was, be causs, you thought tiiat it was not right to write: anything, even about Church matters on aB*s>day. Witness—Yes. Mr. Bnndey—But you s/ere having a meeting at your own house, ware jvati not, abotttOaarchmatttf'sf Witness —Ye v Mr. Bundey—Was it more wicked to writs about Ghuroh 'matters on a Sunday than to Mid meetings in year house about them 7 (Laai hter.) Witness—l heard rumors that the lefendanb infattded to newt at the chun b half an hoar earlier than usual. The issnl heW ?f meeting Is 7. I believe It mm tufare 7 o'clock when I want to shureh. Me. Bundey—Why did you go earlier than uaual was it?e altar whon I got Into the oharcfa. I didn >f se* to him "What have you tod* bare, yon vjjakod man 7" Sid act say "lam In ?iy* i roper place by the authority of the oomgi igatlon, and will do my duty." I did say, " I Im. the pastor of the congregation, aad inyoi a illness I prayed with you.** I did not say"l give yon Into the h?ndsof Satan,"or " tneHoly Ghost is truly not apeaklngthrough you; rou may say as amah as yea like, I will gift, rea ao answaf." I did n*t know that, Woltke was appointed lay reader. The Court then adjourned for a short time, and the parties conferred. The oounsel inti- mated that an arrangement had been arrived at, by which the pastor was to abandon all attempts to oodttnw Uspastoaato In the Ohureh, and he | wss to have rent free for his life, the use of Hw homw and premises occupied by Urn, and also-a piece of land aAjomlnffor a vegetable garden. The charge was withdrawn. The' Presiding MagU rate expressed his plea sure dn hearing the decision arrrived at. He remar ted that It was a most vnfortunatetAis. i nnderttanding, sad, ssaildwtog the nspeetire poslti< ns ofthsj parties, fas thwuht titat it was tar better to come to an amicable arrangement than to give rise to the scandal that, would pro- bably ensue if the matter went further. The Court was crowded during the time the case was heard, and great interest was manifested in the proceedings. 