MAY. By MHS. OLIPHANT, AUTHOR OP "Tirit 0OTW<ajJ °' OAKLINGFOIUJ," '. MADONNA MABY," OMMKA CHAPTER XL!I.-A DEAT.TI-BRD SCBSB. VJIIAHWU uYJJ.ll.-1*. ^ «llmalt Marjory was standing by TsnbelFs bed, puta K back the infant into its place by her side wmu uncle and bis attendants were tómate* »£ nt cottage. She did not see the start of iwnw* with which Agnes and her mother wco^Xtheir strangers. She herself did not oveanm^ presence. Her mind was full of emotion muon "Lnn »nd strong to be easily disturbed from the Í St« that occupied her, and her only feeling vj °2iS ¿er uncle was that of impatience tnat he ?"I Sfcllowed lier so quickly. That he should wish I aaainine into the whole matter personally was lilaenougMudhe !?ad even insisted upon it, I thconveivatioua with herself; consequently, I Mm not surprised at his appearance, but only I ¿ved bv his haste and want of consideration J r¿n invalid. If it had been a lady he would I «¿feriare broke in upon her so, Marjory said to I jerself. ¿nd B^e showed her displeasure by taking T no notice of his arrival. She bent over Isabell, unwilling her pillows, and arranging the white perlet over her. j iijjy uncle has come," she said, " you will not : j¡iid;he is an old man and very kind of heart? li he seem a little abrupt, it is only bis manner, ffeisour only relative ; he has a right to inquire ; you will not be frightened ? Answer his questions is you have answered me. He will be a good friend to-the child-and to you." I «My friends must be in a better place," said Isa- fen, irith a faint smile, j «Yes, but we_ want the other, too, for the child's «ce "said Marjory. ! She was inore excited than the dying girl. ¡She I lupin to picture to herself disagreeable questions * fiich Mr. Charles might ask, suggestions he might i nuke. He was kind, but he had a different code of civility "for a country lass" from that which flold rule his utterances to a lady. Perhaps, in general he was not wrong in this ; but Isabell was mt a mere country lass as he. supposed. With a m of anxiety which was stronger than seemed ailed for by tbe occasion, Marjory stood aside, and allowed her uncle to approach. Then, for the M time, she noticed the homely pair who accom- panied him, and, saw Agnes, flushed with excite- ment, standing back in a corner watching them, forcibly keeping herself silent, but with an eager- ness of eye and look which meant something. The old mother, too, was gazing at them with open mouthaiid eyes, saying at intervals, " Lord preserve usa'!" with mingled anxiety and surprise. This curiousness, on the part of the spectators,disclosed to Marjory that the strange visitors were not mere neighbours, as she had thought. And she, too, gazed at them eagerly, but ignorantly, without being any the wiser. Their real identity, strangely enough, never occurred to her. She had associated the finding of them with Fanshawe, and with him alone. It is, perhaps, too much to say that she did not want them to be found except by him; but certainly she had set her heart upon his accom- plishment of this commission. It would be, she felt, a proof to heaven and earth that his real char- acter was very different from his reputation, that he was a true friend, a man to trust and rely upon. She had "no object" (as she said to herself) in her wish to prove this, but yet, abstractly, she did wish to prove it. It was a foregone conclusion in her om mind. Therefore she had no desire that these should be the missing witnesses, and the idea did not ocour to her, eager abd anxious as her interest was, " Ye8,yes, May, my dear," said Mr. Charles, "I see this is the young woman. How are you to-day? I hear you are not so well as could be wished. My niece, Miss Heriot, bas told me a great deal about you. I am not wanting to be uncivil, my poor girl; but I cannot conceal from you that youri story is very unlikely-very unlikely ; without | strong" proof, I cannot see how it could ever be He8aidthis standing in the place which Mar- jory had given up to him, taking in everything around, the homely scene, the group which filled the room, rather than the individual whom he was addressing. When, however, he turned to her at the conclusion cf his little speech, Mr. Charles gave a perceptible start. What Isabel 1 might have been, m mde health like her sister, it would have been difficult to say, or whether the refinement and me- lancholy beauty of her face was purchased chiefly by grief and suffering ; but certainly there was nothing ia this pale and fragile creature which an- swered to Mr. Charles's idea of a country lass. He stammered a little in his confusion. He said, stumbling over his words, "I-beg your pardon ; I nm afraid you are - not so well-as I thought-" "I will never be well in this world," said Isahell. Im going fast, fast to a better, where a'body will understand. It was Miss Heriot put that first into my head-where there will be nobody that will not ] understand. Pm weak, weak, no able to tell it all JW again; and oh, sir, what for should I take all Wat pain, no to be believed ? What matter is it whether. God clear my good name or no ? He will Jo it some time-and right my little bairn. I'm K' tirea-oh, mother, I'm tired, my heart's Heating; and my head's throbbing Dinna ask me ! aQy questions. 'I want to rest-'* "n0n»Belli"cried the mother, coming forward. U", my Bell, tell the gentleman. Now is the «me to say the truth, whatever it may be. And ««J L 1 bellev-e you, my bairn ! I've been hard «na shut my heart. Now, now, if you'll say it « I will believe you, Boll !" lae girl closed her eyes, and shook her head gently, "How of tea have I told you, and you wouldna We ino, motlier P Why now, when my strength is failing, and my heart sinking ?" Isabell I" cried Agnes, " speak to them-oh, for was sake-look at me upon my knees to you," and she rushed forward into the midst of the room, mid brew herself upon her knees, with tears bursting .rom her blue eyes, and her hands raised in pas donate supplieation, " for tho man's saky that's jaw, that never loved you halt' so well as I've aone-for the bairn's sake that I'll bea mother to isabel! I for the last time." wearily Isabell opened her eyes. «pu L1 tying then 1" she said with a feeble smile. that would be good newsl You would not P«t it to me BO solemn if I was not dying. I'm waned, sore wearied; but if it's tho last time, I í?U8t¡ aot think of mvsel. My breath's going, mo "W.and my heart's fluttering; como and hold me rifo ^and>aml Mi88 Heriot-where is Miss He HZA Muat 1 say it all over-every word? Sir, «and you there, that I may tee you. I was a fool i\Lmntm*md ignorant, knowing nothing. I f'"ia,Pfty attention when I should ; I was fond of loohsn things and dreaming." nftJ* ' you wero the best of my bairns ; you över gftve mo a hour's trouble-till that time " "Whist, motlier, let me speak ! Then I met with a gentleman-he was like her there, yon bonnie leday, that has come to me and comforted me, and been my stay. By her ye may judge him. He said I should be his wife before God and man. Never a thought of harm, no a thought, was in his mind. I'm dying and going till him. My man ; no his sister there, a lady, could think less harm. Maybel would have done what he said, good or ill ; for he was like a god to me, a gentleman, no like common lads-but never a word of ill said he, mother, never a word. He said he wouldna go before the minister, for it would be his ruin ; but before decent folk." Here the sound of: a sob broke poor Isabell's in- terrupted monologue, a rude outbreak of emotion, sounding like a sudden discord, lt came from the man who stood behind-backe, whose eyes had been gradually getting redder. The woman by him laid her hand upon him to restrain him; she had her handkerchief to her eyes; but was watching keenly through it, keeping her senses about her. Isabell was vaguely disturbed by this interruption ; but after a moment's pause began again, her voice more and more broken by the struggling breath. "They were decent folk; they would say the truth if they were found (John Macgregor and his wife) ; they wouldna have countenanced any sin ; you may believe that, mother; folk like them would never have countenanced what was a shame to think of. I told nobody, because he said it-no one, not even Agnes. 1 aye hoped, and he aye hoped. But then there came the terrible news the awf u' news ; it was in the papers. If it was not that I am going-to him-I couldna speak ol that day. Dinna ask me more. I mind nothing more, till I wakened up, and my bairn was born n,n d I was disgrace and a shame !" " No, no, Bell ; no a disgrace !" cried the mother, < with tears streaming from her eyes. " It was a' for | the truth that I fought-the truth. I borne ¡ minded nothing more." j " And ye believe me now, because I'm dying, there's no other reason. I was as true then as I am now. Ob, if tbese aecent folk were but here, that I ken a','' she cried with an effort. Another abrupt j outbreakjpf sudden sobbing came from the other end of the room. Isabell raised herself up, partly it was the beating of her heart that forced her into ! an erect position, partly a curiosity, which was stronger than her self-restraint. Wheu she saw the I strangers, she uttered a sudden cry ; excitement I blazed up like flame over her delicate tace, lighting wild lamps in her eyes, and bringing colour to her j cheeks ; a gleam as of stormy sunshine came over I her. *' They're here !" she cried, with an infantile laugh of pleasure, the last utterance of weakness. '.Oh. make them speak ! is it no true ?" " It's gospel,"cried the man sobbing. "Oh,Bell, my bonnie woman, to see you come to this! it's a' Gospel truth. Speak out, Jean, if you're a woman and no a stone ; speak out I tell you. It's true, sir-as sure ae death-as true as the Bible. God ! woman, will ve no sneak ?" " I'll speak if ye'll leave me time," said Jean. "I'm no to be pushed that gate, and pushed the other, and never left to my sel', She was never an ill lass. I've kent since she was this height; a bit gen ty creature, never just like other folk. Ye ken your- self, sir, I said he could never swear against Bell she's a good lass. There was some nonsense of the kind went on atween her and young Mr. Heriot-" Isabell raised herself almost erect in her bed. Her fragile white figure shook with the heavings I of her heart. But for this the flush upon her face, th© overwhelming brightness of her eyes, might j have banished even from the spectator most deeply | interested, any idea of mortal sickness. She looked at the woman with a smile. "I'm dying I" she said, in a voice that was strangely sweet and strong. " Answer before- God -and me. Ye'll never see me mair-till the last day. Ye've my name and my bairn's in your hands. Speak out ! I ask you nae favour ; speak the truth -before God and me." " Oh, Bell 1" cried the woman, terrified, raising her hand to her face. " Oh, dinna look at me with those glazing e'en 1 Sir, we meant nae harm-John and me. We never made our house'a tryst, with an ill meaning. He went on his knees to me to let him see her. We wer'na the folk to lead gentle- men astray, nor lasses neither; it was not our blame." " Speak, ye deevil 1" dried the man furious ; "or let me speak. It comes better from a wo- man. Who thiuks of you and me ? Sir, sir, its a' true." The tears were running down his rough face, With his stumbling, awkward step, too big for the place, he pushed forward. "If we dinna come i'orrit before, it was for the fear o' man," he said. " She thought it was a story that would lose me my place-like as if we were entrapping lads to marry. Oh, Bell, forgive me ! it was the fear of man." 44 Mother, you hear, !" said Isabell. She had for- gotten all the others. A glow of gentle content- ment stole over her face. The strength of excite- ment failed her ; she sank back upon her pillows, which Marjory, stealing in, had raised to support her. " Now I can depart in peuce ; now I am clear ; now I can go to my man. Oh, God be praised that sent the decent folk, just in time." " Isabell !" cried Agnes, throwing herself on the bed ; " you're no so ill as that? It wasna that I thought you dying; you're no dying. I bad ye speak because they were here." " Ay. ay ! and I've spoken ; and it's a' clear. The night's coming on, I canna see. Mother, you wore saying-what was somebody saying ? I hear a sound in my ears; it's the sea, or the wind-or maybe something more." " Bell I what is it ? oh, my Bell ! It's her heart. Eaise ber up, to get breath ; open the window. She's aye speaking, speaking. Bell, speak to your mother. My darlin1, it's all clear." " It's voices," she said, with an effort ; " voices - like in the Bible-like the sound o' a great mul- titude ; grander than the aea, or the wind. Do ye no hear?-and one that says4 Isabell!' among all the angels, and the saved that cry day and night, 'Honour to the Lamb!' Oh, hearken. Ono's stopped, and cries ' Isabell !' Ay, my man ; I'm here. Fm here !" Then a great silence suddenly fell over the cot- tage, a stilled sound of feet moving, faint rustling of dresses, tiukliug of the glass in which they tried to administer something to revive her, and after- wards low sobs, broken eries, but not another arti- culate word. The conflict of wills and voices had ended. Without a word, another brief, ineffectual struggle took place round the bad-the last strug- gle with death-vain, passionate, hopeless effort. Isabell did not die all at once j this hard life, which is so bitter to live, so hard to begin, is hard, too, to end. She could not drop it from her so easily, For hours after they moved about, that bed, saying nothing to each other, hiding their faces by times, stopping their ears not to hear the painful thrill of those lase breathings, which seemed to shake the cottage. The doctor had time to come all the way from St. Andrews, and look at her, pitiful and helpless, shaking his -head, and whispering that she did not suffer, that consciousness was gone, and pain. But it was the middle of the night before the last breath died upon poor Isabell's lips. No one of all the awe-stricken party left the cottage at first. Marjory was with the mother and sister by the bed. Mr. Charles, pale as à ghost, sat in a chair in a corner, looking on with a wondering countenance of sorrow. Had any one suggested it to him, he would have gone away ; but he was ab- sorbed like all the rest, and thought of nothing but of the wbndarf ul act that was being accomplished before him. John Macgregor was standing on the threshold outside, his great person heaving with sobs. His wife, crying, but still with her wits about her, prepared with ghastly matter-of-fact composure to make herself of use. This was the scene upon which Fansbawe arrived in the early darkening of the summer night. The baby, whom everybody had forgotten, had just awoke with a cry by the side of its insensible mother. Some- how this sudden protest of life against the preoc i cupation of all tue attendants on the dying, gave a touch almost of humour to the tragic scene. Marjory lifted the infant, and it was into Fansbwe's j arms that she thrust it, scarcely seeing what ! she did. I " Take it to the woman," she said, turning away i from him. j Where was he to take it ? Ile held the helpless I thing ia his arms, no one finding it ludicrous, or ! even strange, till Jean relieved him of it. And then he went and stood with John Macgregor, not knowing who he was, or what had happened, out- side the door. But after all, notwithstanding his ignorance and dismay, it was Fanshawe who brought so much commonsense and understanding to the scene as to eend Mr. Charles home, and Macgregor, both of whom were in the way. He understood, by instinct, a great deal of what had i passed, and though he did not divine who the man was, by whose side he had been standing, yet it was impossible not to perceive that some preced- ing agitation, in which this man had been more or less involved, had taken place in the humble room, which now the presence of death filled to over- flowing. Fan?hawe sent the other men away, and remained himself to see what was to be done. Strangely enough this seemed perfectly natural both to himself and Mr. Charles. He went outside, and sat down on the rocks which hedged in the bit of velvet greensward on which the cottage stood. It was a strange vigil. He watched the last rays of the evening light die out, the revealing of the siars among the clouds, the gleam of living radi- ance which woke in them from the edges of those masses of vapour; and then gradually, slowly, the pale lightening over the eastern horizon-the promise of dawn. He sat with the waves plashing up to bis very feet, carried by the high tide which came in just about the time he took hts place there -then ebbing slowly down among the rocks, fur- ther and further off, moving the gleaming, living line ever lower down. The pale variations of sea ahd sky,the'gathering midnight darkness that shut out both, all the mysterious sounds of night and nature went on around him, and death was over- shadowing behind him, and a silent awe seemed over everything. To watch a whole night so, is such an experience as few forget; and to watch outside as Fanshawe was doing-with all the ghosts of the past, and shadows of the f uture, com- bining to increase the impression, was more won- derful still. And yet he felt it but little, his mind and soul being closed to external impressions by a preoccupation which is more absorbing than any other on earth. The faint grey of morning had begun to dawn when all aÇonce he felt a soft touch upon his shoul i der, and, turning round, saw Marjory standing by him, like a ghost in the dimness. " AU is over," she said quietly ; and then, " Have you watched with us all night?" " All night," he said, quietly. " I could do no- thing more. Can I do anything now ?" Take me home," said Marjory, " I am too weary and sad to go alone. It is all over. She has got away at last. Oh, how hard it is to get rid of life." Her tears fell upon his hands, which held hers. He looked at her wistfully, eagerly, in the dim light, by which he could scarcely see her face. How high life was beating in his heart as he listened to these words. Hard to get rid of life ! as if it were not something priceless, full of happiness, full of possibilitv, which a man would do anything, bear anything, rather than be rid of. ; He put her cloak round her while she stood passively by him, worn out,flwith those tears on her cheeks-and then drew herjliand within his «rm, and led her away silently along the dim sea-shore, with all its mysterious sounds. The light increased slowly, dimly, the pale morning broke as they moved along. To Marjory it wns all like a dream. To bini, what was it? Every momont he could see her more plainly, and feel ber, leaning on him. Kid of I life? Who would bo rid of. that which held such prizes still P j 