TOWN" TALK. Mr Murpliy's well-known greyhound "Jupiter" promises to be a second Master M'Gratli. . His splendid running last year lives in the memory of all who witnessed him perform, and he has opened the present season by winning the Ercildoun Cup on Saturday. Our Ballarat correspondent tele graphed on that day "The Ercildouu Cup was won this morning by Jupiter beating Blue light easily in a long racing spin." It is to he questioned—indeed, in our mind there is not the slightest doubt about the matter—if ever there lived a politician whose career has been more contradictorv than that of Sir James M'Culloch. To-day a Liberal, to-morrow a Conservative, never did a man more suddenly change his views, and great prominence is given to this fact by the Age on Saturday, by the following quo tation from Hansard. In July last, in his speech criticising Mr Sbrvicc's budget, while condemniug everything all round, the land tax came in for special execration. Sir James said:—" I think it is enough in itself to sink the whole budget. There is so much want of judgment displayed in put ting such a scheme before the country that it is enough to sink the whole budget, and the Government with it. Mr M'Kcan—They have power to withdraw it. Sir James M'Culloch — 'Ido not believe in a Government withdrawing their budget proposals.' They 3hould stand or fall by their financial policy as a whole.'" Thus the course that is being pursued by Sir James M'Culloch stands condemned by an authority who is by none nearly so much re spected as by himself. Yet the majority in the Assembly profess to have confidence in this man, who thus blows hot and cold to suit his own sellish ends, . We suppose it would be of no use calling Sir James M'Cullocli's attention to his utterances in July last; he is too case-hardened to feel the sting. If Hew South Wales may be regarded as the most advanced freetradc community in this part of the world, then Albury must be looked upon as, par excellence, that portion of the sister colony which most appreciated and was supposed to be most benefitted thereby. To judge, however, by results, it can scarcely be considered satisfactory, for the local paper thus writes:—"It is of 110 use to attempt any concealment of the fact that business in Albury just now is in a very critical condition. Within the past few months several traders occupying prominent positions, doing an extensive and seemingly profitable business, have bean obliged to plead inability to meet their engagements ; and even during the current fortnight some others have been forced to compromise with their creditors." The Herald is given to understand that the death of Mr Powell, late of the llcgis trar-Geueral's department, will be alluded to in the Assembly during the course of the present week, and trusts a searching enquiry will be made into all the circumstances con nected with the cruel refusal of leave of ab sence. We also trust no attempt will be made to shirk enquiry, as the subject has created a very painful impression in Gee long, where the young man was much re spected. The Maryborough Standard, referring to the abandonment of the taxation proposals by the Ministry, says;—"The prospect is as gloomy as the retrospect, till the House shall have been reorganised by the country. We therefore advocate a short session, for the purpose of an amendment of the Electoral Act, that the country may pronounce its opinion unmistakeably, and then a dissolu tion. These remarks are not made in the interest of any party whatever. Our motto is "Measures, not men." We believe a blind adherence to parties has been the cause of a great deal of the mischief. The domi nant section of the House should at all times be that which is most capable of doing the country's work." The Portland Guardian thus concludes an article condemnatory of the vote of £10,000 for Warrnambool:—" We find that our own member is amongst the number of those who voted for the sum, but we feel convinced that the vote was not the result of a convic tion of the necessity for a harbour of refuge at such a port as Warrnambool, but as a means to support the Ministry and secure some scraps for Portland of the crumbs fall ing from the Ministerial table." With respect to recent discussions in the metropolitan Press on the probability of a union between Mr Berry and Mr Service, the Wangaratta Dispatch thus writes:—"We have advocated protection and cannot there fore contemplato Mr Graham Berry and Mr I Service acting together. However much | they may sympathise on the point of sufficient and proper land, tax, the apostle of protection and. frpetrade could hardly coalesce. . Wo think that Mr Berry will see that he has now a good position' before the colony. Ho has been , the individual who ' would have grappled the owners of. large estates by the throat. He holds himself out' to the world as one who -wishes to prevent the future depopulation of the colony. In this character he is looked up to, and in this character he is trusted. It' manifest that to give the people that relief which they require he must make the attempt in a new Parliament, and licnce until the time for a dissolution comes, he that now, or in the commencement of 1S77, it would he useless to think of forming any Government. Mr Berry must he careful to maintain the vantage ground he has got, and not act in a manner to cause the slightest notion that he is so anxious for office that he would take it to-morrow under any circumstances. Mr Berry can well afford to hide liis time. He may rely upon it that'the voters of "Victoria are keenly alive to the fact that those in high places for a time manacled their political liberty. The whole events of the last few months are pretty well stamped into their minds. When the time comes the real power will he felt, and those who have been con sistent will reap their due reward, whilst it is to ho hoped sycophants, tyrants, and trim mers, will he dealt with as they deserve." ijj»On Thursday instructions were received to close the State School at Doroq, on account of scarlet fever having broken out in the dis trict. On Saturday a little girl, 'J years of age, named Dawbin, died in that locality of fever. A meeting was held at the Eureka Hotel on Saturday evening bv the members of the Corio Extended and Kardinia Football Clubs to consider the desirability of uniting. About 30 were present, and Mr M. B. Byrne having been voted to the chair, he spoke of the ad visability of the two clubs combining in order to bo able to turn out a good team to contend against the leading club. On the motion of Mr Eden, it was resolved to effect an amalgamation, an amondmcnt being | moved to the coutrary, which was not se conded. It was decided to call the club the j Geeloug Imperial, and the subscription was j fixed at 2s Gd per annum. Messrs M. Hardy man and W. Veitcli were appointed vice presidents, H. Montgomery captain, F. J. Crohan vicc-cai)tain, P. H. Hackctt trea surer, and M. B. Byrne secretary. Messrs Eden, Swindells. Fegan, J. Upward, and-| King were appointed as the general commit tee ; and Messrs E. Watt, Swindells, and Hardyman were appointed as the match committee. After some routine business had been disposed of, the meeting separated. Doubtless two fast—very fast—colonial youths will recognise to whom the Ballarat | correspondent of the Argus refers in the fol lowing paragraph. How very galling it must be to their feelings :—" A tolerably good story is told in connection with the cham pion swimming match at Geeloug on Wed nesday last. Two of the 'ring' in Geelong, who wish never to lose a chance of easing the public of a few pounds where a bet is to be laid, wrote up to an equally 'cute wager layer here to know if it would be possible to get Mr Wynne's time, and the reply was that it would be quite possible, and that the local person applied to would be only too glad to assist them on condition that he was allowed to be iu the swim. The | friend at tliis end having advised the two at the Geelong each of the days on which Mr Wynne took his trial swims—which days by the way were wrongly stated, as distinguished from his regular swimming exercises—the pair cainc up to tout. One was to stand behind a door with out the swimming enclosure and take time, the other was to be within the enclosure and j proclaim the start, and finish by one and two knocks respectively, on the door behind | which stood the timer. As Mr Wynne was not on time trial that day, the two Geelong j betting men were satislied, believing that Stcedman could beat him easily ; and, as in honor bound, they communicated the result and their opinions to their obliging Ballarat friend, who seemed very grateful for being let into the secret. On the day of the swim, however, the Ballarat man took all the odds he could get against Wynne, up to 2 to 1, and pocketted a very fair sum of money, while his too knowing friends lost all they laid." The man Noyer, who endeavoured to do away with himself on Friday by cutting his throat is, under the skilful treatment of the hospital medical staff, progressing favour ably. How that ho is in his rational senses, the effect of the drink having passed off, ho is sorry lor having attempted anything of the kind. Mr John llavison submitted to public auction on Saturday a farm of 70 acres iu the I>arisli of Moraughurk, six miles from Gee long. There was a good attendance at the sale, but the land was withdrawn at i'G 15s an acre, the reserve being lixed at £7 10s. A very fine lunar rainbow was visible in the eastern sky last night. The arc, the southern section of which was well defined, extended from north to south, and came in for considerable atteution, lunar rainbows not being often seen hero. A frightful accident occurred near Dayles ford on Thursday last. A boy named Jen kins, between 13 and 14 years of age, was crossing a paddock, when he threw a stick at a bull. The animal immediately rushed at him, and inilicted such fearful injuries that the poor boy died the same night. But for the intervention of a Mr Lee the bull would have gored the poor lad to death on the spot. There are irreverent youths in Belfast, the Gazelle calls them larrikins. On Tuesday some nine or ten of them, aged from seven teen years downwards, began pelting the I llcv. Father Herbert with stones. The ! clergyman sought refuge in one of the bathing-houses, and this was bombarded nntil these well behaved .' ! young colonials got tired of waiting for their prey. It is consoling to learn that some of them have been identified, doubtless a few of them will be taught that it was only the larrikins of old who were allowed to stone a man to death with impunity, as Victoria requires no new St. Stephen. A well dressed young man, when paddling across the Barwon river yesterday afternoon iu a flat-bottomed boat, overbalanced him self and fell into the water. Fortunately ho | was able to swim ashore, and he only got his Sunday toggery wet. An interesting account of a trip to the Murray district will be found in another column. The samples of wheat, &c.;, brought I down by our correspondent, and alluded to in his report, are on view at Messrs AV. AY. Miles and Son's, and will be found worthy of inspection. The entries for the Invcrleigh Athletic Sports, which are,to be held during the Easter Holidays will be found in another column. They are so numerous, 23 liavina entered for the cup alone, that a good day's j sport may be relicd/ upon. The handicaps will appear iu a few days. Good practice was obtained by the crews of the Barwon and Corio Bowing Clubs on the river on Saturday. The crews of the j former got some coaching from Mr Hope, jun., who rode on horseback along the bank | on the Belmont side of the.rivcr. All of the crews showed much improvement, and they ought to give good accounts of themselves i the races on Wednesday afternoon. Assi duous efforts are now being made to clear | tho weeds from the river. The Council of the Shire of South Barn will hold its usual monthly meotin" at th p.m. this day. A meeting of the Conned of tho Boror of Hewtown and C'hilwell will be held morrow evening at half-past seven o'clock, The adjourned meeting of the Barn Football Club will bo held this evening the Geelong and Melbourne Hotel, Moo bool-street. Supplementary lists for the Geeloug AAr and Qpeenscliffe electoral divisions may m be seen at the. respective registrars' offii as notified by advertisements in anotl column. . ■ , A correspondent informs ns—Tile twelve dog stake, run for at the Little Liver on Thursday last, was won by Mr D. Power's Banker, beating,Mr Cumberland's black slut Duches3 in the third round. Mr Kett's Rornula being drawn from the final course. Banker proved himself a fine dog, killing his hare in every instance. The above was sup plied to us by one correspondent, but another Writes to say that in every instance Banker Was favored ; and the general impression was that,- in the course tvith Dnchess, he was beaten on his merits. The owner of Banker Was the slipper during the meet, and more satisfaction would have been given had lie transferred hi3 duties to some other person when his own dog was running. A largo number of the shopkeepers and business people in tlio town Lave agreed to close their premises at noon on Wednesday, on the occasion of the regatta. By an adver tisement in another column it will ho seen that the Mayor has preferred a request whieli, we trust, will be readily responded to by all business people. The forthcoming regatta promises to be one of the best that has been held in the colony, and the sight should not be missed by any of the residents Who can possibly attend at the river on the day named. We notice by the Government Gazette that Wednesday has been proclaimed a bank holiday in Geclong, so that very little business is likely to be carried on on that day. The BalUtrat Courier of Saturday last con tains the following pleasing notice of an old friend " It transpired yesterday that Mr Main liad that day been connected 25 years with the Argus literary staff, and some of his friends invited him to Fuss el's hotel to cele brate the event. -Mr Main's health was cor dially drunk in sonic of Host Fussels bcs.. cluimpa"u'c, and the most cordial good wishes for long life, health, and prosperity to the ■most were expressed." Old Geelong resi dents will remember how Mr Main, as the Geelong correspondent of the Argus from ISol to 1SG5 was one of the very few men who, in spite of all the attractions and wild excitement of the first years of the gold dis coveries never left his post; andhowtlie Argus proprietors complimented lihn on all occasions on his fidelity and zeal during that trying time. A quarter of a century is a long time to remain in any one employment, and it is specially so when the responsibilities of an individual are so great as are those of a newspaper correspondent, where truth, im partiality, antl independence must rule all liis writings ; and where tlio quickest and keenest powers of discrimination are con stantly called into play. It was Mr Main's boast, when lie left Geelong, that during his connexion with the Argus lie had never missed his duty for a single day, cither through siekucss 01* neglect. YVe hope he j can still say the same, and that ho may he ^ able to do so for a long time to come. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ham ilton. Smctator writes:-"The cpiantity of fish swept down from the Upper Yarra and its tributaries by the late iloods has been something quite extraordinary. They were of many kinds—Murray cod, perch, trout, blacklist!, eels, &c.; The waters have been too powerful for theui in their native haunts, and unfortunately the polluted Yarra about the falls and in the harbour was too poison ous for them long to exist in it. They soon bean to float to the surface in. hundreds, dead or dying. Some of them were of good size, and tliey were all in remarkably good condition, showing that tliey had enjoyed abundance or feed in their native waters. 'Clio soeue was made remarkable, also, by the number of boys and men who were soon engaged in catching the sick fish with their hands, or drawing them ashore in nets and baskets, filling these improvised "car at every throw. Very few, even of those who •to out most frequently to such tributaries as the YVatts or Fern Tree Gully, or content themselves with fishing about Diglit s Mills, and did not always fill their baskets, ima gined that these fishing-grounds were really so well frequented by the finny tribes, and that their lines could have been so persist enfcly evaded by them." "\Ve learn from the JSclj'ust- Oazeffe that the land in the neighbourhood of Tower Hill still maintains its reputation as the finest agricultural soil iu Victoria. At the sale by auction of the estate of the late Mr James Baker, on the 15th inst., tiie six acres at Dairy Town brought no less a sum than to 10 per acre, and for 72 acres at Koroit ±,2100 cash was paid a few days ago. For another property of 130 acres at Ivoroib, ±35 has been refused, the owner deeming it better to cut up the laud into town lots, when he be lieves he will realise ±10 per acre for it. Wo hear that notwithstanding the low price of potatoes this season some of the growers on the rich soil in the neighborhood of Tower Hill have realised as much as ±10 an acre for their crops. That Maori was a shrewd fellow who, writing to the Maori objecting to notices of deaths being published in that paper, says:—"\Yo hear nothing of these people during their life-time, but, when tliey die, wo are informed that tliey. were gener ous and hospitable, and possessed a multitude of other virtues. My friends, this is a great absurdity—why are not the names of these people published during their life-time, that others might visit thcin and make trial of their generosity and hospitality The liahit of "gushing" over the departed, even when their characters are merely of a negative de scription, is a very ridiculous one, to say the least of it, and reminds one of the sage re mark of a ghost, who, whilst 011 his midnight rounds, chanced to see the monument which his loving relatives had erected to his memory, and having quite satisfied himself that lie was the individual alluded to as having possessed every conceivable virtue, "grinned horribly a ghastly smile" as he turned away with tlio exclamation, "What I liars these tombstones are !" 