A Yankee Ghost. , : , Mr. Patrick W. Roard<m,.of San Joso, in tho Unitod States, has ovory right, snys tho Globe , to considor himsolf an ill-usod mail. Por no fault of his otvn ho has boon subjected to most injurious treatmont at tho lianas ot a gnosc. x no matter enmo about in this wnv. _ Somo timo ago, a rosidont iu California, got into troublo with tho law on certain questions oonnectod with burglary and uiurdor. Tho quarrol terminated in what the lbcal pnpors styled " a little difficulty with a haltor." Previous to his final oxit from an ungrateful world, Mr. Vasquoz promieed to return from spirithuid in ghostly form, and astonish his. follow-citizons with somo lively pranks. .As ho had never .kopt a proiniso during his mortal life, this throat produced littlo improsion, and tho mattor was bogining to fado out of p.ublio memory whon Mr. PatReardon of San Joso, hogau to ho strangely visited. Every night tho windows of; his modest dwolling woro assailed with volloys of stoiios, hurled by invisible liaiids. It was in vain that lio placed a cordon of policemon round tho pro mises. Tho storm of missiles continued with unabated foroo, until tho houso was /a uiei'0 wreck. Theroupon Mr. Rotirdou migratod to auothor quarter of the town, in tho belief thnt ho would escapo further molestation. -Yaiu tho expectation ! No sooner was lie com fortably. established than a heavy down pour of stouo sot in, with the rosult of. smashing ovqry. pnuo of glass . in his, now houso. Once moro tho persooutod man had resource to tho' police, and this time, with .good effoot; Not 'that' they apprehended the porsooutor. That was beyond the powor ... of tho most nstuto dotcotivo j but thoy saw a largo, numbor of stones got up from the ground of . their own swoet wills, and hurl thomselvos against tlio windows with immonso force. . What was to bo done undor such very exceptional; cir- oumstancos T Tho police could not sny So Mr. Rbnrdon wont to a distinguished medium and laid,1 his ' uiihappy ease boforo tho spirits, with a foe of five dollars aud a proniiso of. another,. fivo if thoy enabled him to apprehend > the culprit. Tho latter task whs declined by tho medium, but lio oarnod the un conditional fee at ouco by declaring that "tho offondor was none other than . tho ghost of the deceased ; Mr. Yasqucz. This assertion was corroborated 1 by; tho fact— of course it was ono/ Hko tho rost of. tho narrative— that, tho stones, .which woro perfectly, difforont from theso. ordinarily fouud at Sam/ Joso, . corres ponded exactly with tlio strata of tho mountains wlioro Mr. Yasquoz fofmorly.i ctifriod on his 'peculiar business. Tho ouly, point requirhlg oiucidntion.is why tlio ghost- should have soloctod as its victim a gontloman who was in no way. concornod with tho halter difficulty. " 