TOWN TALK. Yet another cable. Our Brisbane telegram states that the U.S. Tuscaiora is now an chored in the bay there. Her mission is one of peace, she being engaged in taking soundings for the laying of a cable between San Francisco, Honolulu, and other places. An ordinary monthly meeting of the gene ral committee of the Protestant Orphan Asylum was held in the Board-room yester day, when there were present—Mr H. B. Lane, president, in the chair; the llevs. May and Bunning ; and Messrs llced, Clarke, Hcndy, Miller, Whigliton, and Shirra. After the usual confirmation of minutes, several applications were read, asking for children as apprentices, but as there were none suit able at present, it was unanimously agreed to entertain no applications for girls for six months; this the more especially, because there are so many applications lying over that cannot be complied with. A person applied for an orphan for adoption, and the secretary was instructed to enquire into the respectability of the applicant, full power to deal with the case being vested in the house committee. The medical report showed that the health of all the children continued un exceptionable. The report of the visiting committee was equally satisfactory, and the Eev. Mr Bunning and Mr It. Clarke were appointed visitors for the ensuing month. A mother having given very satisfactory proof of her ability to maintain two of her children who were inmates of the institu tion, it was agreed to give them up to her as requested, and the proceedings terminated. About 500 excursionists arrived in Geelong yesterday from Ballarat, the party consisting of the St. Paul's Church of England Sunday School and their friends. They arrived at 10 o'clock, and were at once formed in procession and marched along Great Malop-street to the Eastern Park, where they found the rotunda, surmounted by its flag, ready for their use. The Eev. H. E. Cooper, with Mr Carroll and and a numerous staff of teachers, were in charge of the children, who were well looked after by them. During the day the baths were well patronised by some of the holiday makers, whilst others reamed through the gardens, and many could be seen doing the block in town. The daywas beautifully fine,the sun's warmth being tempered by a cool breeze. All appeared to enjoy themselves amazingly, leaving for their homes about 6 o'clock. The Superintendent of the school states the num ber of children taking part in the treat was greatly reduced by the excessive railway rates, as children under a certain age usually have their parents accompanying them, which could not be thought of when they were required to pay 7s for the privilege. He also stated that from the same cause the Christian Doctrine Society were not coming to Geelong this year, but going to Burrum- beet instead. Under the auspices of the Independent Order of Good Templars an interesting lecture was delivered last eveningby Mr J. H. Watson, a member of the Order, on "India, and the Prince of Wales' visit.' The lecture was of a conversational style, dealing largely with the manners and customs of the English residents of India, as well as those , of the Hindoos, &c.; The peculiari ties of the different castes and their strange notions were extensively alluded to, some of the incidents recorded being very laughable. The lecturer interspersed his remarks with humorous anecdotes, which tended materially to make his observa tions attractive. The journey and object of the Prince's visit were referred to, also his journeying and reception in the different parts up to the present time. The proceeds of the lecture are to be devoted to the piano forte fund of the Good Templars, and, j'udging from the attendance last evening fair sum null be realised. Two accident cases were admitted to the Hospital yesterday. The ffrst was that of a man named Robert Ralston, a farm laborer employed by Mr Herd, of the Barrabool Hills, who whilst loading a dray with hay, slipped and fell on the dray-spikes, injuring himself in the abdomeu, and in falling to the ground broke his arm. The second sufferer was a man named Thomas Richards, who, whilst at work drove the point of a pick into his toe, making a wound which bled pro fusely. Mr E. J. Audsley, of Catherine-street, Ashby, writing on the fact that now the Barwon, the Ballarat, and Tasmanian wool len factories ore manufacturing flannel in, every way suitable for Crimean shirting, it would be well if a flannel printing factory were established. Mr Audsley believes there is a very good opening for such a factor}', and, from the knowledge he pos-. sesses of the business, he is quite certain that, at the lowest estimate, the industry would yield a profit of 12A per cent. The suggestion is worthy of consideration, as now that so many companies are manufactur ing flannels, it will be as well to have these as diversified as possible There was an excellent attendance at the meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Asso ciation last evening. The greater portion of the evening was occupied in discussing a motion submitted by Mr J. T. Carroll, hav ing for its object the rescinding of a rule recently passed, which provided that every member present should contribute a reading or recitation on the evenings devoted to elocutionary exercises. After a protracted debate Mr Carroll's motion was negatived. The chairman having announced that the reading and criticising of the February num ber of the Monthly Magazine would form the business of the next evening, the meeting adjourned. A jury in Hobart Town had a row in their retiring room on Thursday ; some would smoke,- and to this others objected. A free fight would appear to have been the result, during which windows were smashed, and a chair hurled through one of them. The Chief Justice marked his sense of their con duct by keeping them locked, up all night. This was certauily rather hard lines for the anti-tobacconists. On Tuesday evening a boy, six years of age, trod on a large tiger snake when get ting out of bed, the reptile biting him on the side of the foot. His mother at once cicatrised the spot where the marks of the snake's fangs were plainly visible, and sucked the wound. These prompt measures bad the de sired effect, and the boy, for the second time, owes his life to his mother. Every Sunday afternoon boys loiter about the woollen mills and persist in smoking iu the vicinity. As the custom is fraught with dauger to the mills, steps should be taken to prevent fire in that direction. At the meet ing of the Newtown and Chilwell Borough Council last evening attention was drawn to the matter, and the Town Clerk instructed to convey the information to the police. A fruit-grower residing near Ceres, states —"Sparrows are bad enough, parrots are worse, bnt crows are worse than both." He states that the fruit trees have suffered from the visitation of crows to a most alarming extent; it is not, lie says, " the fruit tlioy consume that renders a visit from them so disastrous, it is the flapping about of those large black wings of theirs among-the trees, wliilst they are enjoying one plum they knock off some dozens, and iu a very few minutes I have known a very prolific tree to be entirely denuded of fruit." As crows are carnivorous we should think a few lumps of meat, seasoned with strychnine, strewn about an orchard, would more quickly at tract their calm consideration than all the fruit in the place. Our Drysdale correspondent writes, to correct a statement made by Mr Stewart at the meeting held at Freshwater Creek, to support the Opposition. Mr Levieu he says " has not attended a meeting of the Drys dale Petty Sessions for the last six months, that court being held on a day on which Mr Levien attends Parliament when in health. It is a well-kuown fact that Mr Levien has been in a bad state of health for some time past, and, I am informed, it was against the expressed wish of his medical adviser that ho attended a meeting of farmers at Portarling ton. Not long ago he went with a deputa tion to Melbourne, when a severe attack of illness was coming on him which might have been attended with very serious sesults. We are pleased to notice that the Clifton mineral springs are to be made easy of access. For a crown, invalids and visitors will be able to go there by coach on Wednesdays' and Saturdays, and return in the evening. Seats can bo booked at the Western Stage Company's office. The Ararat and Stawell line of railway is to be opened on the lothinst., when trains will rim to a temporary platform within a mile and a half of Stawell. Another important sale of laud in the neighbourhood of Drysdale and the Clifton Springs - is to beheld to-day*at noon by Mr John Davison, in his rooms, particulars of which will be found in our advertising columns. There is no denying the fact that property in this locality has latterly been making great strides upwards. Land a few years ago saleable at £G to £S per acre is now eagerly, bought at from £25 to £45 per acre, with an increasing demand. The wealthy residents of Melbourne, too, have begun to cast longiug eyes in this direction, as shown by the lengthy report given in theArgus of a visit lately paid there by a party of in fluential gentlemen, accompanied by Mr Bagot, from which wo extract the following: —" A more pleasant locality for the invalid in search of health, or the tired citizen taking a holiday, could not bo found. It is sheltered from the south and west winds by I the beautiful Bellarino Hills, dotted over with comfortable farm steadings and plea- ' sant villas; while the north wincl is so tempered by the water of the Bay, that when it reaches the land it is pleasantly cool. The climate is such that in spring and autumn it is as desirable a place to reside in as in summor. There are excellent rides drives in the neighbourhood, the character of the locality being entirely different to the general aspect of a Victorian countrv place.1-' The success attending the late "aquatical cricket match" hasinduced the movingspirits I to arrange for a repetition of it. Saturday,;I the 2Gth inst, lias been fixed as the day for tliis second match amongst the members of the Barwon Boning Club. The match will be played iu Queen's Park, and sides will probably be chosen by the President and Vice-president of the Club. Non-rowel's connected with the club are invited by . the captain to join in, and that gentleman trill be glad to receive the names of those who intend to take part in the game. In the match between thcCorioC.C. and the Sardinia Park C.C., to be played on the ground of the former this afternoon, the fourteen players to represent the Parkites will be chosen from the following'names, viz. :—6. Heal, H. Heal, Bochc, TVilshire, Smart, Sharpe, Day, Cakebread, Mitchell, Hobhs, Lee, Pile, Merchant, Smurton, TV. Boyd, Martin, and Tucker. The following is from Tuesday's Police Gazette :—Between 6 and 7 a.m. 2Sth ultimo a shed at tlie rear of the premises of John Bannermau, Balmain-strect, Geelong, and abutting on a lane, was found on fire. The firo was extinguished before much damage was done. It appeared to have been set on fire from the outside, as the boards on the outside were saturated with kerosene. We understand that the Bev. Rolpli Barker leaves Geelong this morning for a month's holiday, aud that be intends visit ing Tasmania for the purpose of recruiting bis health, which has been far from satis factory for some time past. During his absence the parochial duties will be dis charged by the Bev. M. H. Ashe, of Bairns dale, Oincs, and Grant, who comes here for change of air, and who will officiate at St. Paul's Church to-morrow. To-morrow morning, at Christ Cliurcn, the Rev. G. Goodman will address the pupils of | the Grammar School, and of other educa tional establishments that attend that I church. The discourse at the Church of | Christ, Temperance Hall, to-morrow even ing, by Mr J. A. Hamill, will be " The Sin | against the Holy Ghost." To-morrow even ing the fortuiglitly lecture on "Scripture I Characters" will be delivered in the High I Church by the Rev. T. M'Kcnzie Fraser. The subject of the discourse will bo "Ezekiel and the Captivity." Mr Edward Few announces elsewhere that' I he will attend at his ofliccs, Chamber of Com merce, up to nine o'clock tins evening, for the purpose of selling tickets in the Ballarat j Carnival Art Union. The Mayor begs to acknowledge receipt of ] further subscriptions to the Nicholson me morial fund, as under:—S. V. Buckland, £1 Is ; Bucldand and Burnett, £1 Is ; XV. H. Anderson, Melbourne, £1 Is. The Herald of Friday evening states that —" A meeting is to be held at Stawell on Monday night, to which Mr Berry lias been invited, and he will most likely accede to the request made. With regard to the poli tical situation, the ciiiefs of the Opposition take a very sanguine view. They hold that the Ministerial majority have merely, by passing the gagging motion, carried an out work, which though important is not essen tial to the scheme they propose' to follow in future. Mr Lalor, to whose enforced absence from the House may be set down the success of Mr Murray Smith's tactics, is certain that he will be able yet to reverse the position of affairs, and by unanswerable reason convince the Speaker and the majority of the House that the proceedings of the recent secluded sittings have not been within the rules and precepts of Parliament as set down by May. While the Stonewallers are thus con fident, however, it is but fair to state that the Ministerialists are equally sanguine on the qnestion of the stonewall being annihi lated for ever. A large number of Mr Berry's warmest friends believe that in offering supplies last night, ho was only doing what he should have done at the com mencement of the struggle, bat Sir James M'Cullock's neglect in moving the Honse into committee before eleven is regarded by them with the deepest suspicion, as confirm ing their already formed opinion, that it has not been the desire of the knight himself to obtain tho funds wherewith to pay the public creditor. However, be this as it may, with Mr Lalor in contempt of the House, the public mind aflame with exitement, and the future proceedings of the Opposition en veloped in . mystery ; the sitting of the Assembly on Tuesday will be watched with the keenest interest. The Opposition are to meet in their room on that day at 2 o'clock, and decide what further steps will be taken." Mr Lalor's case of alleged contempt of the House and the Speaker was expected to have come on for the further discussion in the As sembly on Thursday afternoon, and as it was generally known that the lion member for South Grant would decline to apologise, much curiosity prevailed (the A !/c remarks) as to tho course the Government would adopt. In the first instance, on this notice being reached, Sir Jas. M'Culloch moved that the next business be proceeded with. This drew forth from the Opposition benches cheers, and taunts that the Ministry were not game to push the matter to extremity. In the meantime Mr Lalor remained within the pre cincts of the building, awaiting the decision of the House. Shortly after eight o'clock Mr Gaunson drew attention to the subject, but he was induced to relinquish his object. Subsequently Mr M'Kean rose to order, and asked the Speaker if he had received a letter from Mr Lalor. Tho Speaker replied in the affirmative, but declined to read it. Mr M'Kean then aslced. the Premier what he proposed to do. Sir James M'Oulloch inti mated that having regard to the excited state of public feeling, he did not propose to deal with Mr Lalor's ease until Tuesday next. The subject then dropped. Mr Lalor's letter to the Speaker was as follows: —" Sir,—1 beg to inform you that I have been in the precincts of tlie House for tho greater part of the day, in order to ascertain your will regarding my personal liberty. I aui quite willing to surrender to your warrant here (the House), but I do not wish my home to be desecrated by being arrested at my own house, in the presence of my wife and family. I await the expression of your will.—Yours, &c.;, Peter Laloi:." An as surance was given that no steps would he taken to enforce the Speaker's warrant before Tuesday next. . The following amusing story is told by the Ararat Alvertiscr :—"A gentleman who paid one of our Barkly-strcet hotels a visit on Wednesday night, seemed to have had little too much of tho sun, for on demanding | a bedroom ho exhibited an oblivious disre gard as to steadiness of demeanor, that suggested more than that amount of indul gence usually considered right during the | trying heat of the weather. He was, liow e\ er, accommodated and shown an inviting bed, of which lie prepared to take speedy advantage. It was not long before the laud lord.heard very suspicious noises on the floor J of the room, hut on delicately opening the door arid, putting his head inside fouud that j the light was out, though the rocking sound continued as regularly as though a cradle wa3 at work. Procuring a candle the host made bold to invade the sacred precincts, and found the bed tenautless. On looking below it he saw the lodger in his shirt roll ing from side to side and grasping violently at tlie1 valance "of the bed. " What's tlie matter"t" enquired the landlord. "Wash the matter? Matter s'nuflf. Can't pull the j darned blanket's ov' me—won't conie. Tkisk j bed's hard's a bullet." For the following wo are indebted to tlie Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creek News:—"During the sittings of the Wcs leyan Methodist Conference lately held in Ballarat, two of the reverends taking part in | such were entertained while here at a friend's house.' One evening at supper, wine and the spirit decanters were placed ou the table, and during the progress, of that usually social meal-the bottles were passed to tho rey. brethren. Both refused,'being teetotalers. The host at once had coffee served, but one .of the parsons, pointing to a tall bottle on his right, asked of the lady of the house what was in it. ' Oh ! I'm almost ashamed Jane should have placed it on the table' re torted the hostess. ' It's some of our home-made -wine —■ I cannot recommend it.' Minister No. 2 looked up from his scalding 'Mocha.' ..'.Oh 1 what, home made cordial, do - you say ? . Be good enough to pass the' bottle, Brother So and So, I would like to toy it.' No, I watched the trial with, some , interest, and then he too took a -sip. Both, declared the •home-made'. ' dec—licious,', and took a second glass, again expressing in no mea sured terms their admiration for the good mixing powers. At length the tall bottle was emptied as dry as a lime hag, and the worthy ministers became as lively as kittens, and acquitted themselves wonderfully for the remainder of the evening. Whether the good supper, the pleasant' company, or the ' home- made' was responsible for the fact must be guessed, but I may give the recipe for the cordial for the benefit of those in terested—Good rum, ono quart; water do; red or black currants to taste'; lemons, two • ginger and nutmeg, quantum suf.; and honey; two pounds. It "will be seen that Mrs So and So's home-made is pretty potent stuff , after all, and that a bottle divided between two gentlemen unaccustomed to stimulants might possibly have much the same refreshing effect as a'eup of strong tea or coffee." 