fcaB mi IFwnpo ENGLAND. ... EIrpEIi0S BY ' THE GRACI! OF FOBTY-SIIC A' ... ? . VOTED.' To the Paric Bebata, I\£. John Lemoinno ujohGD an article on the now addition to L, Queen's tifcHofl, of which tho following aro ? tho moofc important pasoagoo :-~ ' A Quoen, boorinB a'Btimo of happy omen, tho name of Victoria, the aovoroign of a great country, nhaking off tho venerated dust of hiotory, the noureo of her legitimate title and her otrengtb, rejecting and denying tnac tradition, nn sne more powerful that it ia loot in the pro verbial night of ageo, and carried away by xjo know not what. Eoney going to change w old crown of pure gold for a vile leaden diGdoin ! Ifc *3 decided, it i3 voted. The Queen of England for tho last forty- eight Louro has been an Emnrosa I She has not been voted a ^ueon. JNo; one wao l^uoen lj right of birth,, by right of hiotory. Sho io nov7 an oleeted Emproos— an Emprooo by tho grace of a majority of 46 votoa— 46 votes, among which tnuDfc bo counted thoco of the Ministero, tho Chnmborlaino, the Biohopo, and of tho men who foar to offend tho Oourb and Government. And that io called e, victory ! ¥o do tho English thic juatico— 4hoy are grieved, un lifippy* an^ really alarmed at this norr^ ndvonturo, oud wo undoi'o£r,nd|fc. Weoaid tho other day that tho EEouee of liordo was not to bo reckoned upon to atop the Queen and hor tvvo eompiaior.nfc Mmictoro on the dfingorouc ineliuo down which they wore olidiacf. Grovornmont has boen imperious and tho House obedient, and yet, when wo come to look at tho votes, how oan \~?e believe that thoro wed r, oinglo factious thought in tho oppooition fcho consolesn Sill met with 1 In tho Houco of Commons we oav? tho aono of tho mocu powoi'ful noble families, ouch ao the Oavondiohoo, tho Gowora, vo'co againot tho Bill, oi- eleo abstain from voting upon it. In the Lorcb, tho moat characteristic feature, porhapo, V7C3 fcho determined opposition of Lord GrGtfvillo. The uholo political world Irnowo that Losd Granvillo, one of the moot nmiable of sian, io oocontially a courtier, ono of those who talio snoot paino to pleaao their Sovereign, and v;ho haa boofc ouocooddd in doing co ; bn'c, at Oho azmo time,, Lo?d Granvillo 5o csdowcd with great judgment, nnd oho hcnl:r.d graat osporionco in foreign policy. Ilo caanot ehut bio eyes to tho dangoro v/Msls fc&o; abcolutoly osfcravag&nfc; lsngungo of iho Bxsnic? about Runoia raak'eo : tho forolga-'solGtiono of his country ineui\i Who can. bo po?oucdcol, either, thafTfcbo Duke of SuuiOi'iar:d} tho Moad tmd1 '? com. pauioa o£ fcho. PdccD, oil! Wclea, and '''wUso , voted oghinnfc fcbo Bill, ; io aa caoay of eho j CrovraS— fclmfc'Lord HovLghton-^lotti'o, con- \ noetod with tho whole of European ooeiety i fioafaotioaa subject? (Finally how could nnyoao ponoibly bo brought to look upoa' Lord Shrifcoabury aa a Eadical— 'tho | poor who at the lest oitting of tho Uppor Houdo moved nn addraoo to tho ?=--? Qussn praying ho? to asBume ao matter what title in preference! to that of EsaprooD ? Lord Shaftesbury baa been all hio life, at firot under the name of Lord Ashly, and then under hio present title, tho great Biblical miooionary of England, the leader in nil piona undertakings. Too hotter to rocoaamond his motion, he reminded the peoro of hio entire independence of party ? There io no mincing the matter ; it is a- bad busineao. Public opinion is growing excitod, and dis content ia dawning. Booidea the newspapers wo receive letters, and thopo from men high placed, who toll U3 that it io otill hoped that tho Queon'o oyoa will be opened by tho mnnifeatationo of public feeling. Wo do not think oo. It ia not to have hor eyea opened that aho hao loft the country. Sho volunta rily shut them, in order not to nee. Her Firot Minister io not to be counted on either, for ho conaulfco only his Oriental imagina tion. Ho hao, to use a well known phraae, ' fired off his pistol;' he made a senaation, ; firat of all with the coup de theatre of tho 100 millioDD of francs' worth of Suez shares, then with hio inconceivable provocation of B-ussia. All thio policy io pure folly. During the de bate a noblo lord oaid the title of Empreso of India would offend Prance and Portugal, who otill havo poooesoions in India. We haoton to state \70 are not offended. If Por tugal wishep to wax wroth, that is hor own kuoineso.' i BIGOTEY OP THE PEIHCE OF 'WALEQ. Tho Dublin Freeman'o Journal of April : 10 Writoa :«=- ? ? ? .; Tho Prinqe of Wales has hia faults like ; other men, but certainly anything in tho ; shape of religlono intolerance has not been ; counted among them, It io, then, with deep I- Pain V7e oeo that tho Prince has, on his roturii i from the East boen guilty of an net more : worthy of hio grandunclod of York or Brunswick than of a man of our own free ; nud liberal ago. On Friday hio Eoyal Highnono lnndod at Mnlto, whore great Proparationo for hia recopfcion had been made. ; Tho groat event of tho Prince'o visitjzas to '0 hio opening of a ' cdnoorvafcorio,' an wphanago erected .by Sir Vinconto Sugejo, ; ? llclteoo millionaire. Tho objeofc of # thio WDfcitation io, according to tho Tixnoe : cosroopondont, fio ' £oodp qlotho, oducnte, and i I train to industrial occupationo fifty femcilo ji children doprivod of their natural protcctoro !| throufjii death, crimo, or other miofortano. Sir Vinconto io to opond nearly £40,000 upon tho building and endowment of thio orphanage, and tho Prince, had formally undorfoken to lay tho firot stone. On hio landing, however, ho oxpreoced his regret that ho was not ablo to lay the firat ofcone o£ fcho consorvatorio, aa it vvao ?' a purely Roiiacn Catholic ogtabliohment,' a circum otance proviouoly unknown to him. The roaulfc wao, aayo the Timea' correspondent, ' universal disappointment.' We cannot at all understand the ground of the Prince'a action in this matter. Seeing that all the Malteao aro Catholico it would, be a otrange thing for a Maltose gentleman to erect any orphanage which waa not ' a purely Eonian Catholic establiohment.' Tine Catholic reli gion Id thol religion eotablhhed by Englioh lav; in Malta, and it ill became tho Prince to offer it such a plight in ouch a place. Every day members of hio family open ' purely Protestant Institutions,' and no one objects. The Prince io returning from, a land in which he hao aeen the repreoentativea of Britain paying abject honours to the creed of the murderous Siva and the laocivious Viohuu. Hio oqueamiohnoss, then, is quito a remarkable 'occurrence. We further soo that the native Maltose nobleose absented them oelvcclL'om the Prince'o roception owing to a groaa inaulfc of the authorities. Io there oome dangerous fool-official in the island V7ho is trying to creafco a 'Maltese questSon ?' SMASHING BELKHOUG STATUES IN ENGLAND. An almost incredible story of Puritan iconoclaam, Gayo the London Morning Post, reaches us fx'om Bristol. The new nave of the Protestant Cathedral, now approaching completion, is entered on the north side by c magnificent poroh of extraordinary beauty, tho gift of Mi?. Wait, Member for Gloucester, and designed by Mr. Street. On oaoh oido of the door aro two niche3, which vrore fiilod by afcatuea of St. Gregory, St. Augustine, SO. Ambrose, and Sfc. Jerome. There is reason for the selection, since the cathedral io dedicated to St. Augustine, the micoionary who was sent l»y Gregory. 'and who preached from the Bible edited and translated by Jqrdme, and introduced the ocoleaiaatiocil policy of which St. Ambroso was the -champion in hio great controveroy with tho Emperor ThoodooiuQ, and which hao boea maintained in the Church till no\7. But, unfortunately, in tho treatment of fcheao figuroo, which are caid to bo admirable works of art, tho sculptor hao fallow, into the zaiafeake of fchoae who cannot movo out of tho ratj of conventional tisage, Thi3 ncage ia often -oho ro verse of accurate) in ids relations to hiotory, truth, and good fcaofce, and it soema to be partly oo in- this instance. St. Gregory is represented wearing the triple crown, the conventional tokenof the Supreme Pontificate, i which is an anachronism, for Gregory protested against the ascription of universal sovereignty to the Pope, and the tiara was not assumed tiiiais centuries afterwards. Tho placing of a Cardinal's hat upon the head of St. Jerome was also a mistake of the same kind, and it is idle to contend that he is so represented in mediaeval sculpture. If xnedicaval sculpture is not historically correct, it would be better to sacrifice conventionalism to truth, especially in a structure erected in this century. The statues of Sfc. Augustine . and St. Ambrose are treated in the uaual way, ; the former bearing in his hand a flaming heart, the universal symbol of zeal, the other holding a, scourge, the symbol of ecclesiastic cal discipline, Besides the four statues which were life-size, there is some elaborate and choice carving of niches, canopies, and figures in the mouldings above tho door ; ann over all these an entablature representing ! tbo Adoration of the Magi, the central figure 1 of which was necessarily that of the Blessed i Virgin with the Divine Infant in her lap, i The whole is said to have been an exquisite : work of art. But if the ghost of Gregory himself, instead of his statue, had descended j from the clouds and taken his place in tho niche, the consternation, the terror, the bewilderment of a large portion of the Bristol public could not have been greater than it was when first these graven images were esposed to the light of day. We thought ifc had been left to Archdeacons of Cornwall and Bishops of Sfc. Asaph to believe that Englishmen in the 19fch century would fall into Pagan [jidolatry by the mere sight of beautiful statuary. But it seems otherwise. JN'o oooner was the costly and elaborate carving in the Cathedral porch exposed to public view than ultra- Protestantism went fairly raiad. The worst passions of Puri tanism were kindled, the air thundered, and the oharp arrows of Church Asoociatumists went abroad. The local' papers were flooded with letters' from indignant Britona ready to ahed their blood in defence of ' our common Protestantism,' and almost longing to be burnt alive on the Collegecgroen. Half-pay colonels found vveloome occupation for their I burdensome leisure and walked to and fro in an agony of zeal, conouming time and temper . without otinfc in stirring up once more tho j angry pasoiono of tho Eetormation period. A handful of local clergy of the bitter school roopoEdod to the call of the colonels and ddded their glowing denunciations to the general fury. The Dean, who was enjoying himself in the South of Europe, was informed by telegraph of tho deadly onslaught upon English Profceotantiam and Bristolian ortho doxy by deoigning Jeouito in his not unwoated absence. The decanal mefctle wao fairly aroused, and a telegram wao received staying further progress with the works till hio return. In the meantime a public meeting wan called as a safety valve to allow the more burating indignants to let off oteam. Briotol is a good- sized tea cup, but hardly large enough to contain the overflow of so raging a storm without a vont of come kind. So a meeting was held, about 1500 attended, a colonel presided, and three or four local clerics of the wilder ooirt fulminated with hot rancour in a pious orgie.) thafc must have been moafc exhilarating. Fierce invectives, blundering citations of hiotory, egregious ignorance, free denunciation of neighbouro, of the architect, and of the sculptor, with copiouo abuse of the four Latin oaints and some profane lan guage about the Blessed Virgin were tho chief modes in which successive speakers liberated their consciences, and exemplified, while protecting the purity, meekness, and gentleness of the Christian religion, of which somehow these speakers seemed io Uimk they had a kind of monopo'y. . The excited audience kept up a running ancompa A uenfc of cheers and hisses, -enliro-iul by aa encouraging owinging avl (1 n tin; of c'lairs, with other ocular and tangible dem nitra tions of enjoyment and satisfaction. The speeches as reported in tho local papers, must have been wonderful to hear. Tho smooth and almost genial twaddle of the chairman wao the only harmless part of the proceedings. The rest wore oimply disgrace ful. A resolution condemnatory of the sculpture wao carried with some difficulty, and a memorial to the Dean and Chapter wao agreed to amid much disturbance, and the meeting broke up. The next day the Dean and Chapter acceptod the memorial, orders were given to take down the offensive statuary, and before noon the nest day half* pay officoro, evangelical clergymen, and old ladies^ gazed with relioved complacency upon che ompty nieheo which but a fow houro before had boen filled with the mystery of iniquity. So much for modern iconoclasrn ; do much for modern Protootantiom, when it breako oufe into paosioa and throv/o reason and hiotory ' overboard.^ Most reasonable persona will anderatand the inconsistency o£the nculptoE1 In putting a -Cardinal's, hat on St. Jerome,, , and crowning Gregory with1 the tiara, and had a moderate and-sensiblo opposition to ftheoe been .undorfcalrsn fcho chisel could 'have ! undone the micchief, and , the two great lights of tho ..Latin Church- . might have been represented to the contentment of everybody. But these colonels and clerics, with a profundity of ignorance and a ivildness of clamour, ran full tilt against the Latin fathers themselves, their liveo, their writings, and their work, : and moat ' elaborately reviled them. Ono declared ; Gregory to be grasping and ambitious of power, 'though it was he who disowned the sapremacy with which it was proposed to invest him. St. Augustine wao declared to be bloodthirsty, and tho instigator of the massacre of one thousand two hundred monko at Bagnor. One learned orator did indeed go so far as to speak well of St. Augustine's writings, not knowing in his simplicity that the author of ' The Con feosions' lived two centuries before. Others insisted that England was not indebted at all to Augustine, but thai-our present Church was derived through the pure source of the Ancient British Church, which repudiated Augustine. One clergyman of learning and culture alone stood up to protest against these proceedings, but he received scent attention and less sympathy. It ia melancholy to think how much has yet to be done before passion can be made to yield to reason, and we regret to add, before a very large ochool of clergymen, not to speak of ofiicorg on half pay, can be made to read history and to cultivate charity and modera tion. THE COST OF COMPULSION IN LOEDDN. The London School Board, in ifco last returns of school attendances, gives the cost of exercising^ the compulsory powers at £11,200 for a half-year. In this sum io included the payment of visitors and their superintendents, legal expenses, the rent and taxes of divisional committee-rooms, the fees paid °under tho 25th clause to voluntary schools, and the cost of summoning obstinate and neglectful parents, who thus entail upon London the necessity of this additional tax. The city costs £406 ; Chehea, £832 ; Fins bury, £1231 ; Greenwich, £1053 ; Haeknoy, £1297; Lambeth, £1691; Marylebono, £1327; Southwark, £885 ; the Tower Ham lets, £1200 ; Westminster, £698. Tho head office expenses —clerical, legal, and printing —amount to £636, bringing the total up to £11,260, or nearly £23,000 a year. MORE BRUTAL KICKING OUTEAGES. The county magistrates at Blackburn have remanded John Doods Loomer, aged 23, for a week, on the charge of violently assaulting Mary Wilkinson, his naothor*in-law, 73 yearo of age. So oavagely had the prisoner kicked hor thaO there were several fractures in her leg and a pioco of tho hone had been splin tered off. The medical ofcaff at. tho infirmary think that she nauoft sink nudes the terrible injurieo Bhohao received. ? '-?' TALENTED CATEOLIO SADIES. ^ The London correspondent; of tho Dublin 1' roonmn oayo : 'It io not generally known thafc MiooJ Alice C. Thompooa, tho ciofco? of tho now. celebrated painter of ' Tho Eoll Call/ io a poefceoo.pf no mean orders 'and'thnfe both ladies aio very active membero of the Catholic Church. Mios Alice Thompson hec recently publiohed a volume of poetry ©nfeifcled 'Preludes,' which has ^ met v/ith .flattering criticism, tho roliglouo pieces. being especially praised for their otylo nnd felicity of ex pression. A- Catholic magazine oven gosa no far an to say that ' in hex', ao in Aubrey de Vore, nnd othero, the longocheriokod dronm of a Catholic poofc will find no email measure of fulfilment.' An Euglioh lady was flitting on a lawn wifck her three young children playing around her,^when there came into tho enclosure a t&hid; dog, purcuod by men who wore deter mined to kill him. Instead of nceaechiag and wildly grasping her children, the lady Euohod forward and seized the dog's head in the folds of her drees, holding him until relieved by the men, and so all escaped unhurt. .....;' 