SUPERSTITIONS, OLD AND HEW If our readers were to ask themselves what they mean by the term supersti tion, it is possible that they might find some difficulty in answering the question. Materialists might possibly suggest that it means a faith in anything of which the senses are not cogrizant. An educated Christian might say that it implies a faith in a non-religious unseen, while the mass of Protesi.&nts; seem to regard superstition as a faith in any unseen in which they themselves do not believe. When it was suggested some time ago that the colony should try to avert a drought by offering prayer to the Deity, more than olae member of the House stig matized the proposal as superstious. The Protestant shows his materialism in a modified form when he casts a pitying smile on a Catholic asking the intercession of one who has reached home before him. Although they fail in agreeing as to what superstition is, they are unanimous in condemning it, and do all in their power to stamp it out. One of the commonest and most popular argu ments at the meetings of the Education League is that, if their pro gramme is made law, there will he less superstition among the masses. Those who make such a rash promise as this can little suspect the strange contradictions in which they are involving themselves. When a Catholic speaks of superstition, even though the term is hard to define, he knows that he is speakingof a distinctly defined heresy. Not so the Protestant. A Protestant regards as superstition a belief in that which he does not know to be true, A Catholic holds as superstitious a faith in that which he knows to be false. It is not hard to see the shallowness of the argument so often advanced by our Educa tion Leaguers that as superstition arises from a want of education, it is therefore removable by it. We deny both the premises and the conclusion. In fact it seems probable that nothing is more likely to produce superstition than a sudden and universal increase of knowledge. What is a man to think who sees steam engines rushing and snorting about without any apparent cause — wives sending messages almost instantaneously to the other end of the world — operations of tho most frightful nature performed without giving the patient a single ' pang ? The deepest scientific instruction infallibly leads him to the conclusion that his ignor ance, even of the powers of nature, is enormous and all but infinite; and that his ignorance of all that lies beyond hia senses is not only bound less but hopeless 1 If, on the other hand, he has only received the beggarly ele ments of. education, a steam engine or a telegraph is a witch actuated by an immaterial and unintelligible essence called steam or electricity. Now how are these conclusions to free men from super stition ? Do they in fact do it 1 We elevate our noses when we read of our forefathers boiling offensive refuse over the fire, or thinking they could disable witches by cutting their ears off; but what would our forefathers have thought of fehe man who argued with his arm chair, or who requested his kitchen table to answer questions 1 Table-talking and spirit-rapping mediums and flying accordions are not the growth of a rude age nor of an ignorant class. An age which has produced a Parkes and a Kiama Ghost cannot be less constitutionally superstitious than an age which might have feared the ghost, but would certainly have hanged Mr. Parkes. As we understand the term, superstition is a faith in anything unseen which the Church has forbidden, and for examples we need not look any further than the spiritual directions in our prayer books. But in common parlance the term seems to have acquired a much widersignification. It means a faith in anything which the Church has -not defined to be true. In this sense it is the converse of science. A man associates graves, vaults, shrouds, paleness, and silence with death ; and the combination of such objects fills him with a feeling of awe. If, without any Divine authority, ho justifies such feelings by allowing himself to believe that the figures of the dead re-appear to the living, we find him assuming a fact in order to justify an idea, and that constitutes a superstition. If the popular idea of superstition is the correct one, and it means no more than the habit of translat ing feelings into facts, we are only doing what our calumniators must do every day of their lives; The Materialist, for instance ' finds' — to quote Dr. Tyndall's words — ' in matter the origin and potency of every form of life.' Now, is this a demonstrated truth, or is it an idea 1 On his own showing it is, after all, an idea — a feeling to which he forced — in order to explain certain natural phenonmena with out having recourse to a Divine origin. Because he thinks that this idea accounts for the difficulty, he translates it into a fact, and announces it to thi3 world as his faith. The difference between the Materialist and the Spirit Rapper and the Astrologer and the Fetish Beater is one of degree and not kind. Different they may be in intellectual and social training, differ ent their results may be, but their process is the same. They all allow ideas to assume a positive form, they allow imagi nation to take the place of ascertainable or revealed truth. Paradoxical as it may soand to some readers, the Catholic Church is the great enemy to superstition. She and she only can fill up that void which unregenerated humanity ever feels. The Secularists promise their dupes that edu cation shall do it. If we study human nature by the light of the history of the past, we will see that the cultivation of the intellect has no tendency to destroy it. The utmost it can do is to change the forms with which it is invested — from alchemy to table turning — from astrology to spirit rapping. The announcement in. the Australian Church man that the Anglicans in Australia are about to hold a ' High Ecclesiastical Council'— what- ever that may mean — sounds strange. We thought that the Anglican articles had branded church councils as plainly savouring of the beast. But on examination we discover that the mistake i3 on our part. They use tho word Council in an Anglican sense — just as Mr. Blotton used the word humbug in a Piowiokian sense. Tho Anglican Council which will be held in Sydney next week is to be 'with- out coercive authority.': There iu riot oxpreccod the slightest expectation that it will ba guided into oil truth by somo Higher Power, on tho contrary it ia feared that its effeot may bo to ' break up tho Churoh into fragmentary and contending sections.' Nor ni'o wo surprioed at this fear when we learn tho object of tho Coun cil, which is to ' declare tho Anglican Chnroh in Anatralia to be an independent (!) branch of the Holy Catholic Church.' As we have somewhere heard of an independent branch withering, we are hardly astonished at our con temporary's fears. With such an important programme, occasion and assembly, it seems hard tho ' great body of Churoh members do ? not throw themselves actively into the question j' but when we remember that the discussions of the Council are not to have the slightest authority, we were prepared for tho exciuisito candour of the adminoioa that auch reticenoa 'maybe regarded an excusable.' Our Anglioan fcienda will have another ezoelleni opportunity of n, trip to tha Z gzag, and a picnic to Middle Harbour ; they will air their titles and their little- groatnesc among their own oefe, and will leave, having done about aa much as wao dono at that famoua conferenoo of Lambeth which Dean Stanley described aa tho ' Pan Anglican tea-party.' 