GENERAL NEWS. Owing to tlie non-arrival of the Omeo Mr. Rainer will be unable to exhibit at "White's Bcoms his Diorama of the American "War until "Wednesday evening next. We have to acknowledge receipt of tlie first number of another new paper—the Port Adelaide Post. It is a very -well got up double demy sheet, has a good show of advertisements, and a fair amount of reading matter. The Port ought in these days of progress to support a weekly paper of its own. Tlie Mount Bryan and Gladstone cor respondents of the Northern Mail mention re freshing rains as having fallen in those districts, and that the effect on the grass and green crops has been beneficial. The following is Saturday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana,calm,clear, tine; Strangways Springs, calm, clear, fine; Charlotte Waters, strong, clear; Alice Springs, fresh, clear, fine, cold; Barrow Creek, strong, fine, very cold; Tennant Creek, strong, fine, cool; Powell Creek, strong, clear, fine, cold; Daly Waters, fresh, clear, fine, cold; Eiver Katherine, light, fine; Pine Creek, light, cloudy, cold; Yam Creek, fresh, clear, fine, cool; Southport, light, clear, fine, cool; Port Darwin, slight shock of earthquake at 4 p.m. yesterday. The steamer Glenelg is to sail for Sydney at daylight on Tuesday, so passengers must be on board on Monday evening. * "Haunted houses and ghost stories," states the Kapunda Herald of July 21, " usually belong to old countries, and indeed the exercise of common sense has served to cause such super stitious fancies to be exploded there. There has, however, unfortunately been prevalent in Kapunda for the last week or two & ghost story arising out of the malicious action of some person who no doubt conceives he is playing a brilliant part when he succeeds in frightening women or children. For some time past those whose business, &c.;, has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occasionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white passing within sight; and as Mr. Richards was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon set down as his ghost. Mrs. W. Tuckfield, amongst others, was greatly frightened fey such an appearance early on Saturday evening as she was coming into the main Btreet. When she was near the mill office the figure in white rose up out of the new culvert, crossed the road, and entered the plantation. This occurrence gave Mrs. Tuck field a very severe shock; and in addition to those who have been frightened by seeing it, numbers of children have been greatly frightened by hearing exaggerated accounts of it. The police spent one or two nights in the neighborhood, watching this would-be-thought ghostly visitant; but we presume his ghost ship cannot bear to be near the gentlemen in blue. Practical joking of almost any kind is objectionable, but this is both senseless and highly dangerous." The Government have offered a reward of £100, v?itli a free pardon to an accomplice, for information leading to^the conviction of persons who have stolen cargo that has come ashore from the wreck of the Geltwood. Severe frosts have been experienced in the hills lately, and have had a highly preju dicial effect on vegetation. Acres of potatoes, which looked healthy and promising, have been completely destroyed, as have also pumpkin, vegetable marrow, and other plants, causing heavy losses to the gardeners. Notwithstanding the high price of meat, there has never been a finer display of beef and mutton in the butchers' shops in Adelaide than at the present time. Mr. Ballantyne, of Bundle street, has just killed two fine bullocks from Canowie which took prizes at the last show of the Boyal Agricultural Society. One of them weighed 1,190 lbs., and the other 1,296 lbs. An entertainment -was given by members of the Dayspriiig Lodge, I.O.G.T., at the Good Templars' Hall, Flinders-street, on Friday evening, July 21. The programme consisted of readings by Messrs. Lane and Robertson; recitations by Messrs. Jordan, Lang, and Hendry; and songs by Misses Tomlinson and "Weller, and Mr. Plummer, all of which, were well rendered. Mr. Hendry, W.C.T., presided. There was a large attendance. It is stated in the Olare paper, of July 21, that "on Friday evening last, as Mrs. T. Snashall, Donnybrook; was returning from Clare she was seized wi^h a paralytic stroke.- She fell amongst some stone on the main road, and lay there the whole night in an unconscious state. She was found the following morning and con veyed home. On receiving medical attendance it was ascertained that she had broken some of the small bones of her leg near the ankle. We hear that she lies in a very precarious state." The lleynella correspondent of the Southern Argus, writing on the 17th of July, says—" The Bev. "Mr. Barber, Congregational minister, Happy Valley, was thrown out of his conveyance on Saturday, and sustained two fractures in one of his legs. The other occu pants of the conveyance, including Mrs. Barber, had narrow escapes, and were much shaken, tho horse having gone sheer over a fence, carrying the conveyance with it, neither of which was much damaged. Not so Mr. Barber, who it appears is unfortunate, this being the second accident he has had." The Watervale correspondent of the Northern Argus, in a letter dated July 20, states:—" It is with pleasure I have to record another of those kind and charitable actions which so frequently mark the conduct of our colonists one to another in deserving cases of need. Mrs. Elliott, of this place, who some months ago was left a widow, had no means of getting her crop in, and the season was far ad vanced before anything was done, but the farmers near "Watervale mustered in strong force with ploughs, harrows, &c.;, and completed [ the "paddock—about 20 acres—in less than two I days, for which I am sure they have the heart I felt thanks of the widow, and are deserving of great praise." The Gawler Bumjip of July 21 gives the following particulars of two accidents:—"Mr. Ward, of Templers, working for Mr. Shanahan, had a narrow escape last Friday week. "While re toning home in a buggy the horse started suddenly, and threw him over the side, one of the wheels passing over his head. He was at once brought to Gawler, and attended by Dr. Dawes. On examination it was found that the wheel had broken the left cheek-bone, and cut through both eyelids, besides gashing and bruising the face considerably. Mr. "Ward was very unfortunate, as he had only just left the hospital before the accident happened. However, we are glad to hear he is progressing most favorably.—Sir, FrAser, living near Two "Wells, met with an accident last Monday. He was driving a team, and one of the shaft horses kicked him on the right shin, just below the knee, inflicting a nasty cut across the leg, about two inches long, and reaching down to the bone. He~is under Dr. Dawes's care, and progressing very favorably."' A meeting of the shareholders of the Commercial Boot Factory Company was held in the Town Hall Exchange Room on Friday evening, July 21. There were 19 shareholders present, representing between 800 and 900 shares, and Mr. J. N. Perry (Chairman of Direc tois) presided. The Chairman explained that that was not the usual time of the year for holding a meeting, but the Directors had deemed it advisable to convene it to place the affairs of the company before the shareholders, "Wliest they went into pffipe meters we on a very unsatisfactory baais5 and they found it necessary to make a change intiie diT2C~r?-te and management, because they were confident that no business in the world could be made to pay in the way in which that was at that time being conducted. They then put their shoulders to the wheel with a full determina tion to succeed, and, although they had had very uphill work, things had greatly improved. They thought it best, however,to have a balance-sheet made out, to enable the shareholders to see as far as possible the true position of the company. It would be seen on perusing the document, which had been prepared from very unsatisfactory data, that their liabilities were £1,771 4s. 6d., which included an overdraft of £396 7s. 3d. from the English and Scottish Bank. The assets amounted to £2,225 7s. 6d., leaving a balance of £454 3s. The assets included £450, which was put down as due on calls, but the directors be lieved that in reality from £700 to £800 were due from that source. Then again they had only allowed £250 as the value of the working plant at the factory, while in the last balance sheet it was valued at over £700. The latter, however, was above its true marketable value. If anything, the directors had put the matters in the darkest light. They had not included 3,000 shares which had not been called up. The affairs of the company had been managed very badly before the present "directors took office, but he felt confident that under the present management it would soon become a dividend-paying company. The dividend that was paid some time ago ought not to have been paid, as it had been taken out of the capital and not out of the profits, as it should have been. The company ought to have been fully £1,000 better off that day instead of being just able to meet its liabilities, and nothing more. The directors' report was read, and during a long discussion which ensued, it was stated that it was impossible to get a thoroughly reliable balance-sheet from the books handed to the accountant, and that an acceptance had to be renewed at the time that the dividend pre viously referred to was paid. The report was adopted as a progress report. The present directors, secretary, and manager were heartily thanked for the manner in which they had con ducted the business of the company, and the shareholders present promised to support them. Great dissatisfaction was expressed at the manner in which Mr. S. B. Saunders had ful filled his duties while chairman of the directors. As Mr. Saunders could not be present, in conse quence of it being the Jewish Sabbath, the pro ceedings were adjourned, and it was decided that he should be asked to attend the adjourned meeting and give an explanation as to his con duct. The terms in which Mr. Saunders was spoken of were far from complimentary, one shareholder remarking that " he had evidently been gulling them and feathering his own nest." The meeting lasted about two hours. There was a somewhat limited atten dance at the Boyal on Friday evening, when the sensational drama "Under the Gaslight" was given. It went off with considerable spirit, and called forth a great deal of applause. For o-night "Nick of the Woods" is an nounced. There was a good attendance at "White's Booms on Friday evening, when the Diorama of the "World was shown with success. The musical accompaniments of Mr. Fife, the pianist, were well played. Mrs. O'Leary carried off the silver tea service, and the distribution of the other gifts caused as usual much amusement. The Diorama appears for the last time in Adelaide to-night. 