. ' MELBOURNE! .j! '. I -'?'!_ _M ".?'.' ." ? '.¿'Wednesday. [Evening ¿Yews 1-;De Mureka ea i Leonora, in " II Trovatore" last night, created groat excitement. It waa a most consummate piece of ¡Acting and singing, and the largest house ever assembled m'Victoria to Bee the opera, although the- prices were doubled. Miss Winston, who astounded, the : audience by rendering the part of Azucena; was loudly cheered. The Assembly passed the estimates last night. The usual discussion ensued upon JBnron iVon Mueller's case, when Mr. Uanna referred to the Baron as an infernal ghost who ought to belaid. < The Baron ,he said had got .£15,000 to spend on the Botanical Gar- dens, and left thein a wilderness. '? - <? Feu d'Artifice is backed for the Australian Cup for 4000 at 5 toi. , - [Herald."]-An attempt was made, unsuccessfully, to reopen the question of opening the Public Library and Museum on Sunday, - ' The Government intend to deal shortly with ti e subject of men sentenced for life, with the view of .ameliorating their present condition. - In the Assembly, to-day, the Premier stated that he would renew the representations" to tho Imperial Government in reference to worships periodically visiting islands -on the ordinary track of Australian shins. During a discussion on a matter connected with the land selections, Mr. Berry made wholesale charges against the officials in the Laud Office of connivance in frustrating the Land Act.1 He'was called to order ; and a statement characterising his assertion as cowardly and false was Withdrawn on a question of order. The case of Roy v. M'Maoken, for false imprison- ment, resulted n a verdict for plaintiff, damages £50. Fou D'Artifice is backed for the Austialian Cup at 5 to 1 for several thousands ; Goldsbrough is very sore ; Sultan is first favourite for the New- market Handicap ; Richmond for the Leger at 6 to 1, Robin Hood for Huidle Race 2 to 1, Larrikin 5 toi. The coursing season has commenced. Whent is slightly firmer. ' Thursday. [Evening Ncivs.]-In the Assembly last night Mr. Berry referred to the Land Department as corrupt, which led to Mr. Garrett saying that such a charge came ill from n man who had prayed with tears in his eyes that the report of a select committee on himself be not published. Mr. Berry cried out " It's , a lie," and a scene ensued. 1 At Flemington, this morning, Goldsbrough was out, and did a quiet throe mile spin, but looked rather dickey. Melbourne executed a flrst-claes gallop round the course proper. Cleolite aud Haricot also went, round well, Strop and Bella appeared for tho first' time, The old horse seems as fresh as n kitten, and his owner swears ho will win tho Australian Cup. Au action has been commenced against the Aus- tralasian Steam Navigation Conipnnj', by Mr. Har- rison, a gentleman cngnge'd in mining speculations in Queensland, in consequenco of Captain Walker, of the steamer City of Adelaide, taking him to Sydney against his will. The facts, as related in the Melbourne papers, exhibit a painful amount of cruel and overbeaung c.uduct on the part of Captain Walker. , [Echo,]-In the Legislativo Assembly lost night good progress was made with the Estimates. The income-tax and other duties are to bo recom- mitted on Tuesday. The Governmont stated that a Civil Servants Bill, dealing with vaiious matters which require amend- ment, will be introduced next session. A reduction in the number of County Court Judges is advocated. The present number is eight. His Excellency the Governor proceeded to Romsey to open West Bourke Agricultural Show this morning. Captain Stanley, admiralty surveyor, in a lotter, says that the Strathmore was out of her latitude when near the Crozats. Accounts of the West Melbourne (Carlton) Build- ing Society show a disgraceful state of affairs. The defalcations of the lato Secretary, Clarke, who ab- sconded, amount to X1080, and at last examination amounted to over XCOOO. ( A prisoner named Brady, under sentence of fou.» teen years, escaped irom Pentridge Stockade, and has not yet been arrested, At the wool sales, inferior to average greasy ranged from 84 to 10]d ; average fleece, lid to,18d. A fire in Collingwood has destroyed so verni small buildings, which are mostly insured. All the wit esses examined in the Mining Board inquiry have the samo tnle to tell of harsh treatment by the Secretary of Mines, MELBOUBNE LIVE'STOCK MABKET. Wednesday. [Herald.]-Mrs. Dal Campbell, Hepburn, and Co. report that 1200 head of cattle were yarded, nearly all from the north, and consisted of primo and good useful beef ; prices are a shade better, and the mar- ket closed fiim. 20,000 sheep were penned, princi- pally from Riverina ; the best quality ia up 6d per head. Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co. report:-Fat Cattle : 1200 were brought forward ; prices advanced 2a per head on the best descriptions. We quote prime pens of bullocks up to X12 10s ; we sold 100 for different owners. Fat Sheep: 18,556 were rea* ned, wethers realising 1 Is Gd ; we sold 2000. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report :-1200 head of cattle were yarded, which sold at advanced rates. About 20,000 shoep were penned, very few being prime, which sold at rather higher rates, but other descriptions are very dull. We sold about 8000 from the Lachlan and Lower Murray. Messrs, Ryan and Hammond report :-Fat Cattle : 1200 were penned, the majority being of good quality, for these there was a brisk sale at a slight advence ; other descriptions are unaltered ; good and prime bullocks made from X9 to X12 5s ; old cows, X7 to X9 10s. AVe have sold ICO head from the Murrumbidgee. Fat Shoep: 20,250 were brought foiward: bntfow good shoBp being penned. Bost quality of sheep sold nt slightly higher rates, others are unaltered j best wethers made 9a to 10s 6d, a few 11s; best ewes, 7s to 8s; cross-bred wothers, Hs; ewes, 9s, AVe have sold 1700 wethers and ewes. Messrs. J. C, Walker and Co. report that 1200 hoad of cattle wero yarded, of better quality than of late. There was a good attendance of buyers, and prices are 10s. higher. AVe sold 250 bullocks at X!) 14s. 20,000 sheep were penned. The quality is not so good, but prices ure unaltered. We sold 3000 wethers for Mr. Peter Tyson, at 10a. 6d, ; and 2000 lambs, for which prices are Is. lower. 