SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND. Br " Pod argus." LONDON, 6TH July, 1S76. Epsom laurels, however easily won, are not always supplemented by such treasure as the . Grand Prix of Paris to one and the same horse — to contend for which latter event Kisber was on his way when my J une notes were despatched. Uproarious delight, we know, has greeted the defeat on French soil of more than one English- bred Derby winner, nor is thq, opportunity ever likely to be missed for such fobliBh ebullitions of national vanity. But how thei Whole thing was changed. Kisber, though of British parentage, first saw the light in Hungary, and therefore was foreign-born. John Bull did not presume to claim the marvellous three-year-old, and even hope of lowering his colours seemed abandoned in Parisian circles after the hollow dressing administered by him to the English cracks. Kisber, indeed, when stripped for the Grand Prix (one mile and seven furlongs, and worth £5,890) discovered yet an easier task than when spread-eagling the enemy over a shorter course on Epsom Downs, and landed the 3 to 1 betted on him in the coolest conceivable wnnwior- An opposition of ten literally stood still behind him from beyond the distance-post, and five lengths was again the verdict. Kilt, next to the favourite, was most fancied, but Enguerrande .turned out second-best, and to her, in the given order, suooeeded Mondaine, Basquine, Wild Royal Ascot and resplendent weato unfurled its banner, bedight with Stated? sums and a prodigious assemblage of +L5? thcracy, attracted, hot by the racing whU, the Duke of Connaugbt, the Princess Fml of Hanover, and the: Duke of CambriaT61? the absence of Ktsber, who was wiSh t nommhtion here or elsewhere prior to £\t L/great guns" were made of PorW and Julius Cjesar by an ever- confiding their- respective races. 8u<5St standing, seized the suspecting division wST it became known that the Russley pMr.£S changed hands prior to Ast-FormS (who cost 300gns. when a yearling) wS? Thorold, for £6,000, and Julius Car foiu v Gee for £5,000, or £1,500 more (ban Bbfa Peck gave for him last October. " Could anj thing amiss have happened to either was ton question naturally asked ; but Peck had acquilS notoriety for seUing at a profit, and fortS for him that ho did so, at least in the (atsTrf Julins Caesar, upon whose Derby running nt thing sporting silk for the chief tbeei prize at Ascot could be considered within pound of the still hood-adorned colt. But the rackafc! ing was disgustingly wrong, as vide the fel. lowing : — Prince of Wales's Stakes, of 50 bovb each, h. ft., with 1,000 added. For three-yearL One mile five furlongs. 85 subs. Lord Dnpplin's Petrarch, by Lord Clifden-Lu,. 9st lib (including 51b extra) j Lord Falmouth's Great Tom, 8st 31b ... J Osfeorno Mr Gee's Julius Cesar, Sst 101b p wm! 1 Mr W. S. Crawford's Glacis, 8st 31b ... T » liord Eosebery s Marquesas, 8st 3ib ConntaKfc j Mr Saviile's Zee, Mb Maidment 0 Betting : 5 to 4 agst Julius Ca»ar, 2 to 1 agst Petrarch, 5 to 1 agst Great Tom, 100 to 15 agst Glacis, and 20 to 1 agst Zee. Marquesas, after cutting out the work to the turn for home, resigned to Julius Ccesar, whereupon Petrarch came from the rear, and quickly assumed the command. Half- way up the straight the favourite was also passed by Great Tom, who sustained defeat a length from Lord Dnpplin's colt, though a few more strides would have to versed the positions of the pair, as the wifah® was fast catting it when he cleared the <&«» Here, then, was another upset of credited form ! Petr&rch;, who galloped from Julius Cseaar in the ; TvyO: Thousand, bat failed to come anigh at even weights at Epsom, now gave him 51b and an tit mistakable beating, But more tantalising ex hibitions were in store, so let us proceed with the story, though, as regards Julius Csesarj it may be well to mention here that nothing sub sequentiy transpired to remove toe impretfioh that his newpurchaser had negotiated a wretched bargain, while, only half-an-hour previous to discovering the same, old Freeman, who had led Julias in many a spin at home, went down easily in the Gold V ase (two miles) before the all- conquer ing Thunder, who was giving him 61b. Eighteen to the post for the Ascot Stakes (two miles) ( scarcely squaJred "frith the pretty gvneraliy-ac-' cepted notion that the race was placed Athb mercy of Harriet Laws, 4 yrs, 5st 121b, thrive a winner last year. But the handicapper had correctly estimated the merits of the inue, who succumbed to infinitely superior opponents. Chancellor, 4 yrs, 6st, was unquestionably well in, and had numerous backers, but a refractory animal ran him clean out of the track in toe e&flj; portion of the contest, and the same cause dis posed. of three others, including Hopbloom, 3 yrs, 5st 71b, with whom Sir John Astley foDy anticipated landing a heavy stake. As it was, the issue of the affair was left tothies outsiders, of whom Whitebait, a son of Ikowfi Bread and Laura, by Lambton, net toe dim of Proto-Martyr, and good over hurdles, won by half a length over the northern- trained _ Ber saglier, and, on sufferance, La Conreuse finitow third. But the speedy Hopbloom, cy Pw mesan out of Cognisance, and consOQtientiy half-brother to Chevron, one of our best ttto year-olds, was not yiet dohe with. He was -at the Roal Hunt Club Cup, one morrow, for which at one time offer® of Iwwl were obtainable against him, until the accep tance of 1,000 to 30 twice by his plucky owner advanced Hopbloom to 25 te 1 ere the flu naUedthattwenty- twortonerawerecomMtojgiof the magnificent trophy. Spinoza andLittie Bagy were the favourites, both of which StartW. excellent positions, but wefe unab|n to them in toe fate of the not-t&-be-aeBiea HOT bloom, 6st> who having at length diWOBedrfw the three and four-y«w-olds, was left to _t®n . out with Dalham, Sst 81b, and Thorn, 9 neither of whom, however, could give awf|. weight, and Hopbloom won, with netonM. spare, by three-quarters of a length. match for £1,000 a side, between Control 5 yrs, 7st 121b, and Lowlander, 6 yrs, were laid on toe latter, but a mil6 an® ® rntro- exceeded the length of his tether, an versy defeated him very easily. over the Biennial Stakes, one mile, got the hottest facer the worst rogue that was ever have declined the contest m. . jjjv fashion than did Petrarch, as the judge from the return : — Eighteenth Ascot Biennial Stakls> o.. so vs each, with 200 added, for olds. Old Mile. 59 subs. J.; i Mr Houl 4s worth's Uoltness, by Oeboritd 9 Crocus, Sst 101b _ «« 'oosfiaaoa Lord Lonsdale's KinvDeatofistlKb yolke- Mr G. Lambert's Hay Wyadhsm S stone), Sst 101b »» « " jforrifl 6 Lord Dnpplin's Fefcrarch, Sst lelb Betti»g : « to 1 <m Peto?. 8£ ! ness, 20 to 1 DeAl A to 1 agst Bay Wyndhsm. followed by toe favourite, JPJ Qpon, his ears the instant he was . and would have rolled on to the King Death malung nm 7lu,wmi' ceiving the bumping. rinltness, W1' more on't, and being left behind, ft challenged, won by&haH; |& complete his disgrace Petach 4| on the last day of the meeting, aCTjn betted on him for toe TrienniaL ,r iggges fused to make an effort, aH<,8.we®f cdtiK' - of ESkrl Dudley, who stood, hrait sonod «n only hKO \- '"-vl to l&e; &29ii|BSN0B $ "'. /'dPlaao. & scene, «& f V teQcoJia day's racing by taking the Ascot I 1> Stakes, 8st 101b each,, one nolle and la half. v, Twenty Jive others were enterecL hit only yjrc, appeared to measure, conclusion. J Odas of 65 to were wagered on Forerunneb, whose rider found his solitary antagonist stick- to ixim much longer than was expected, j| id a slovenly victory -.vas at last, achieved by oly thiee-quartets of a length. With mduyTt |\eu become a moot point whether the second &t; jjoaoin could possibly stay the Gold Cup course ottwo miles and a half, on the succeeding afternoon. In appearance, no colt could be more taking, and this led probably to so short ja price feeing booked about him. l( Yet the fact seemed overlooked that only one instance is r- dorded of a runner for the bine riband carryirig £5 the Gold Cup in his third year, namely, .Blue Gown in 1868. Again, an undoubted clinker vrhen herself) in Apology was now being sup ported by her stable connection for all the money that £ould be secured, evidently taking little baed of the circumstance that at Manchester t ie other day she only just snatched the Queen.s Plate from a non-stayer like Lady Patricia, to ' Siy nothing of Apology's , previous collapse ih tiie Great Northern at York, and her consecu- |lve defeats. last season. Craig Millar, too, aaother St. Leger winner, had arrived with dangerous reputation from Fyfield ; also Talis AW, who stretched the neck of Lily Agnes at Lincoln in the autumn. Firmness to the last. however, characterised the business done in .con nection with Forerunner, and blank wqfre th Countenances of thousands when convinced of the mistake. , | Goi>d Cof, value 500 bovs, added to a subscrip tion oi 20 sovs each ; 2J miles ; 21 subs. Mr Seabroot'13 Aiology, by Adventurer —Mandra- ; gora, 5 yrs, 9st . - ... J. Osborne ,1 Mr W. S. Crawford's Oraig Millar, 4 yrs, 8st 101b ti ... ... T. Chaloner .2 Mr S. Peck's Pore, aimer, 3 yrs, 7st 51b M&cdoor; 1d "3 Prince Soltykoff's BaJfe, 4jrs, 8st 101b . Cannon <0 Mr H. B'rd's Ta1sman (Ate Figaro II.), 5 yrs, 9st jib . . ... ... , — . ... Custarice 0 Mr H. Bird's TL9 Ghost, 4 yrs, 8st 101b ... Parry 0 Betting : 75 to 40 agst Forerunner, 5 to 2 agst Apology, 7 to 2 agst Craig Millar, and 5 to 1 agst Talisman. For a mile The Ghost made g-rong running to serve Talisman, and at one period was so far in advance of kis horses that ; Apology was -let., out, lad h&d; decreased the gap when The - Ghodt begin td compound, and presently dropped into the rear. Talisman and Forerunner thencje went on together in tiie wake of the old mare, who kept the lead to the end, and after a pet-to with Craig Millar, who challenged at the half- distance, and won by half a lengfh. Three lengths ou Foreronper was $nira, wicp talisman close ttp, arid Balfe next. Sun in 4min. 50sec. It can Hot be urged that Forerunner disgraced himl self, although deficient in some men's minds of the carriage and build of a stayer. The youth ful pilot, moreover, wa£ "alj. at sea" on hi? back, and under a mn's guidance lie may do better than in tiie hands of a boy, not that ii seems feasible to get him nearer home in the St. Leger than in his Derby essay. ! With the briefest mention of Dalham's victory over Controversy and other fair performers, the taccess of Freeman in the rich Alexandra Plate, tod the double scoring of Lowlander over course iiiore edited to his pdWers in contrast to the ill- fehosen niatph, we come to those sterling "buds ttf pfoftiise," the two-year-olds, who about this Period of the season strike the first important notes bearing on the future of the turf. With General Pearson's Chevron to the fore in the Wood- bote at Epsom no better youngster Was but, but at Ascot he suffered defeat by half a length: from Mr. Mackenzie's Bob Boy, a magnificent' off-shoot of Blair Athol and Columba, who con-; firmed his goodness by a second triumph over! the same ground, though this time Chevron wa?! Hastings, by Citadel out pi Plundet, also distin ftaished himself in a Maiden Plate at Ascot, and rof whom a week later 5,000 guineas was asked. This item of intelligence, however, more properly belongs to Stockbridge, where the cream of the racing world next pitched their; tents on the three last days, of June, and saw Warren Hastings with SJ to 1 on mm, cut down & field of Seven for the Eighteenth Biennial. Excitement consequently reached a high pitch wheu the final portion of the programme at tracted Chevron to try conclusions with Warren Hastings for the Hurstboiirne Stakes. Chevron nai the call at 2 to 1 over the Newpiaiket . colt, hq belongs td Mr. C. Rayner, and started at 9 w 2. In the race the latter somehow was never absolutely in advance, while Chevron swerved under the whip at the finish in attempt- big to get rid of an unexpected fco in Mr. Qerrard's beautiful filly Palm Flower, by The Palmer eut of Jenny Diver, who, came on straight to an arrow, and won her third race since first showing at the second spring meeting at head quarters. She is engaged in the One Thousand I intra mm j OA T. 1 DWJ MRU L I <will Oy« Lrogcf UL AO# 1 9 culU lb cijUdl paper to Bob Boy, who is in the Derby only. Mf. Gerrard, by the bye, is also the fortunate possessor of Mr. Winkle, by St. Albans out of Peri, now in his fifth year, and one of the staunchest nags in training, who has won recently at Manchester and other places under washing weights, and last pulled off the John tone Plate at Stockbridge with 9st "7lb in the I toddle. Sad Mr. Houlds worth's fine three- year I I Springfield been entered for the big races. 1 hs would nave acquitted himself far more credit- I ably than many of the leading equine fancies that I nave lately occupied at tention. Twice successfulat I Ascot, he followed it up by" depriving Low- I »nder of the Stockbridge Cup, affording ample I testimony that he has both endurance hnd I toted.' On the same day a Selling Raoe, won I ay Mayfair, out of May Queen, brought to miiid I ®®hectioas of her illustrious expatriated sire", I Ahe Marquis. : y I A j8 0rthuuiberiand Plate. . . two miles, I 011 28th ult. , was won by Lord Rbse- oery s Snail, 6 yrs, 7st 61b, who Started first I r ©©£ driven to' any odds a fort- I previously. He won easily from Pageant, I qTf8' f6! 131b, second . and Organist,- 5. yrs, 7st "»,'«i._tipth ten others including Lily I u> the field. The SfiaiL it 1 will I Controversy, was purphaseJ I Ju to lead the work of his Derby I from such tell-tales was derived the I AlIPrLI onddeuce. reposed "by the stable in I ram6; cni:; 11 P ig&ominiouBly; in the I . ,rcumsts.ncef5, however, have since half u i®ave no donbt that thte I hevanSJuer- ?.cas!;er was "got at,»'J>ut I in ii. r 1? instant dismissal of one employed by I hand«.Lalf establishment, a letter in whose I the a I®44"1® aSent to lay against I Wn V 1 up, no further steps have I taken. Except in this staaffr, Lord I EoMfc ao tM Aw fc»n mogt farhuate tlifci «en,:fw,bwd« the two vrin»M0 at linooln idNpwoaaas, aieorioa of wdl-nuao! matoliOTavefaUtai toltiB ehto. Nor. are hia1 tmtim i ta . tke rising atalhon Victorious out of La BosZ he has been oat J? I?frk' andlike companion Chevron, J>y ltosicruciau out of Cog-, msance, is m the nekt Derby. 6 Thejewiparket July meeting began on Tues- t - "ftunatel, for the public Warren Hasting .wre the lot to which lhave T J Stakes, attracting a 01 ««n, wasithereforen-; srderea Perfectly safe for him, but he only got home a head m front of Lady Golightly. in Mat awson e. stable. On the Thursday, however, W«reu «« thttd oply in; the Chester- neld, which feU to Mr. MarshalTe lice, another Wair Athol, out of Kate Dayrell, w th King i.rvvis dext. Chancellor, who has been sold for bUOgns. to go to India, won the Summer Handi- cap, and the July Cup being easily carried off by Springfield, occasioned additional regret thaf. he was not in the forthcoming St. Leger. for which the latest betting is as under 1 — - 6 to 4agst Kisber 20 to ZJagSfc Julias Ceesar if 2 " If®!aHner 20 to 1 ,, Stylark IXi0?" »» etearch 20tol All Seart f t \ " Enguerraude 20 to 1 „ Gre vt Tom lO tol „ Caineli j 33tol „ Wild Tommy. 