NOTES AND COMMENTS. Dlr O0aMOPOtl'rfl Tits mul aaso of mnnnslaugihtoer recordod in last isnuo, aloarly haows th at the law with roegardto furious riding or drivinF i quite tinlhowdo b.,- som pooplo, and it iq not till they tare 1riught fiao et face with Justice on thil ohtr'go, that they can at all otiapro. hand the enormity of.their offence. I have observed; lately, inot only in Collingwood but in many other suburbs, a great'deal,of furious driving, butcher's and baker's carts, and oven hearses are propelled along at twenty miles an, hour speed, and without the least regard to consequences. Fortun ately no youngsters at play in the, road, or infirm old ladies crossing it have been met with by. these rackless drivers, otherwise the consequences would have been highly unpleasant both to their victims and them selves. . Tasmania has hitherto been known only as a tin-producing country, but by a late telegram it appears likely that ere long gold of a payable character will be found. " Two cakes of gold weighing 1724 ozs, the the produce of 000 tons of stone, and worth £7050, were received in Launceston from the Nine Mile Springs on the 1st inst." Spring is nigh, who does not know it, who that looks . on Nature with observant eye fails to behold its near approach; buds now formed, blossoms, and flowers are now to be seen on nearly every shrub, and tree, as Eliza Cook has it "The hedges, luxuriant with flowers and balm, Are purplewith violets, and shaded with palm; The zephyr-kissed grass is beginning to wave. Fresh verdure id'decking the garden and grave." 'All the publi gardens are niow wo'ith' a visit, everything theore looks beautiful and soul.rey?ving'when'contr'sted With'the hot ddsty paths of the city, and the dull avenues where business rules with potent sway. There is however one drawnback to enjoy ment in.the Carlton gardens, a seat unless occupied is seldom found, and the visitor is oft compelled to walk about instead of sit. jing down; this in the case of ladies, who do not always wish to sit on the grass is not pleasant. If the' managedmnt 'of these gardens desire to render perfect satisfaction to the public, the introduction of a few ad ditional seats would doubtless enhance the pleasure they now feel. The last remark applies also to Studley park. \- The number of dogs that infest our streets remind me of Constantinople, where it is said they are regarded as "sacred" and permittdd to 'do as they please. And they do almost that hero; as ' I walkel along Smith street'the other day I obseriedl'at a corner no less than ten goodly sized animals, whose gro0*ling, snarling, 'and piigilistic actions might' have' afforded A'n excellent study for an Australian Landseer." 'While viewing them'I thought Oh what a lace this is for dogs For pos of all sizes, ,They bark andyelp, thel snarl or snap Each thing their monkey rlse i To hang or drown them is no use They scorn such rash endeavoar; When dead no doubt their ghosts come back And haunt our streets for over, SWhat b' contract' is' presented between the condition of the Queensand' aborigines and those'of;Victdriea. , In the former place they are shot down'without' neroy, but in Victoria they.' are protected; Wand, receive similarconsideration to that of Europeans. Of late there has been.quite a stir at Cor anderrk concernixg blackfellows rights, and an investigation held as to the conduct of the management of the station. Nothing very serious has been yet proved, though from what has transpired, it seems reason. able to believe there are faults somewhere, IWhich can only be proved by further inves tigation. Cdnflioting reports :are ;still abroad as to thoeprobable interference of 'England with Russian concernsi and it is supposed She is not likely to be involved.at present. There is little doubt'however that the storm which is now perceptibly rising in the Eastern horizon will not subside eie the Queen of nations, as she is termed, has tried conclu sion with 'her old onemy.. The Crimean war and its results gave Russia a pretty fair taste of what she may expect from England, at any time her proudrulers overstep the bounds of discretion. but with all this and with a sort of Damoclean sword over her head, she will doubtless come to the front resolved either to rule the world or else suffer an inglorious defeat. She will then bring an overwhelming' army to the field headed by better and braver generals even than those who so ably fought at Seobastopal, together with those modern improvements in the art of slaughter which England re gards' with pride. But it requires no seer to predict the result, and although the con filet may be sanguinary and terrible. it will be the final contest for sovereignty on the part of a brave and ambitious nation. That thereis a something in the wind may be conjectured from the fact that the assembly have lately been discussing the matter of National Defences, at any rate all who value Australian rights and privileges should " keep their powder dry." Some of the Hotham' householders are complaining oqknaves who enter their back premises atnight, and strip their lines of clothes ox-posed to dry. As Hotham is no great distance from Fitzroy and Colling wood, residents in those localities will do well to keep a sharp look out for napkin and sheet-stealers, and if opportunity oc-. ours presentthem with a good dose of buck shot, the only sure remedy for such potty larcenists, 