fed rntd topi JD^m PRICE OF PRODUCE.—Maize is quoted at from 4B 5d to 4s 6d in Sydney, and potatoes at £4 0s At Melbourne, maize is ruling at 5s 4d per bushel. BANK HOLIDAY,—'To-day being the Anniversary of the colony, and a public holiday, the Commercial Bank, will be closed. WESLEYAN.—The Rev. J. Phillips will preach on Sabbath next, the 30th instant, in the Wcsleyan Chapel, Terrara, morning and evening, .it the usual hours; and at Forest Lodge .at halfpast 2 p.m. REVISION COURT.—The old saying,It's no use going to law with the devil while the court is held in hell "was truly exemplified at the Revision Court, held at Nowra, yesterday afternoon, when an attempt was made to clear the Municipal roll of about a score of " sham" ratepayers." ANNIVERSARY DAY.—The Independent Order of Good Templars will celebrate their first anniversary, and at the Batne time the anniversary of the Colony, to-day, by a Steam Excursion to Picnic Bay, Crookhaven heads. The steamer •will leave Terrara this morning, at half-past 7 a.m., calling at Boolong Ferry, Broughton Creek Feriy, Numba, and Greenwell Point. The admission to the steamer will be by ticket only, ' which may be obtained from all business places. MEMBEB'S PRIZE.—E. Greville Esq., the representative in Parliament for Braidwood has written to the President of the Agricultural Society in that district, to say that he renews Ibe special prize of £5 5s whicbjhc before offered and desires it be given to the best milch cow and calf owned by a resident of the Braidwood district and in his possession for six months prior to the show. THE TOBF.—A Tasinanian journal states that the disqualification by the Victoria Racing Club of Mr. P. Dowling, tho owner of Cyclops, and the jockeys Rawlings and Cracknel), was tnkeii into consideration, and after some discussion the following general resolution was passed :—"That any person disqualified by the Victoria Racing Club, the Au&tralian; Jockey Club, and the South Austialian Jockcy Club shall be deemed to be disqualified by the Tasinanian Racing Club.-' " THE MISSING LINK."—Mr. Parkes, who by the way made out a very good defence against Mr. Charles' attacks, wound up his speech by saying that that lion, gentleman " was created at so little a remove from some of the lower creatures that he was incapable of seeing the position he stood in, when he brought forward such infamous charges, and was unable to .substantiate nny." Surely the worthy ex- Premiei is singularly unmindful of the past. Has he forgotten about the "missing link?"— Athenaeum,. HOMAN BODY FOUND AT MANLY BEACH.—On Saturday morning were discovered at Manly Beach, not far from what is known as the bathhouse, tho remains of a respectably dressed man, in an advanced state of decomposition. Alongside the body lay a pistol which had been discharged with ammunition. Death must have been instantaneous, for the bullet appears, from the orifice detected on the remains, to haye entered behind the right ear and to havo passed into the brain. Senior-constable Carter, who is stationed at Mauley carne up to town with the intelligence; and senior sergeant Ferris went down to Manly with the water police boat in which to "bring; tip'the remains. The body is not known, but the following is a description :— It is that of a man between thirty and forty years of age, very much swollen and decomposed ; it was dressed in a light tweed paget coat (hip pockets) black cloth vest and trousers white shirt with studs, and a pair of laced-up English boots iight- obloured hard felt hat and white muslin turbatw: , t OAM STACKS ON JfrA^Ffirrespon dent of the Bendigo Advertiser writofeir-Five stacks of corn, belonging to Mr. I..•'S.'^AIt, storekeeper, Elmore, containing not less than 2000 bushels of grain, were all enveloped in flames on the 14th instant. The fire broke out while the men were at dinner,_ and as every precaution had been taken against fire, it is thought the stacks were set tire to by an incendiary. Great sympathy is felt for Mr. Alt in liis heavy loss. CHARITABLE GIFT. — Mr. John Benjamin Moore, of the Liverpool Arms, Pitt and King streets, Sydney, has forwarded a cheque- for £10 10s to Mr. J. W. Smart J.P., for distribution to our various.charities, which he has disposed as follows :—£2 2s each to the Infirmary St. Vincent's Hospital, Benevolent Asylum, Soup Kitchen, and Randwick Asylum. THE CANNONBAB BASK ROBBERY—One of the Cahnonbar Bank robbers has been apprehended by Sub-Inspector Keegan and Constable Naughton, _ £664 was found on him. In regard to this item, we publish the following communication :—" Commercial Bank, Sydney, 21st January, 1876\. Wc have just received the following telegram. There is no doubt the notes referred to are part of those stolen. Man apprehended at Bnurke on suspicion of Cannonbar robbery. Found on him £664 odd notes and silver. - Numbers of .notes correspond with those robbed." MCDGEB.—A suicide happened at Cunningliaui's Creek at 3 p.m. on Saturday. It appears that Sidney ^Brown, the proprietor of Cunningbarn's Creek Hotel, cut his throat in the closet with fti^hite-handledtable knife. He had been low-spirited all the day previous, and declared that amiieone wanted to cut his throat Mr. R. M. Isaacs and Mr. District Court Judge M'Farland were at ibe hotel at the time. The deceasedwaa well known and respected. TAB DIVISION ON THURSDAY NIGHT. —It would appear from the division lists that the :people's ,representatives are just now pretty atientive'to tfceir duties. Including tfiose who paired off. eixiy-rax meinbors divided on the &me;»(lraebt:taov£d -by Mr. .Parkes, having referent® jto the financial propositions of the Government.. .This leavflg six • membere only to be acdpunJMIfor. and'rtjey were the Hon.; G. W. A!len(who -as Speaker was in his place), the Hon. W. Foretor who l6. :in England), and "Mespre Hurley,Closes, Bawden, and Terry. THE FOLEY TROUPE.—The new YeaMs sports at Pene's Cremorne Gardens, says the Capricorvian (Rockhampton) were moderately well patronized. The principal attraction of the afternoon was evidently tho walking over a wire 133 feet in length and 30 feet high. This feftt was cleverly done by Miss Kate Foley and her brother, Master John. Previous to tho wirewalking, a number of races and other athletic sports were indulged in, and, of course, were productive of considerable amusement to the members of the rising generation. At about 5.40 p.m. the ascent of the wire, a la Blondin, was commencod by Master Foley. He walked firmly and steadily, carrying the balancing pole in the best style, and repeatedly proving his ability as an imitator of the Hero of Niagara by standing on one leg, kneeling on tbe wire, and passing his legs over the pole and through his hands, then carrying the pole behind his back. &c.; He was loudly cheered on reaching the ground. Miss Kate Foley then came forward and proceeded to follow her brother's example, although she was evident); very nervous, and at first seemed somewhat painfully so. She, however, soon gave evidence of her powers on the wire, and walked the whole length and back cleverly, and apparently with but little difficulty. Her step was free and firm, although not by any means so rapid as her brother's. Both performers are evidently quite at home on the wire at a height of thirty feet from the ground, and when they are a little older and more experienced will, no doubt be proficients in their uncommon and dangerous art PARITY OF REASONING.—I am always glad to tell a tale when it occurs to ine (says a writer in Vanity Fair), and that it is why I tell the following:—A country gentleman had a small son (vho, having been early taken about the stable and the kennels and ititiated into their secrcts, had become quite a baby-expert in all matters pertaining thereto, and quite ready to give bis opinion as to a horse or litter of pups with as much serious certainty as though, instead of being a child, he were an old and hardened sportsman and fancier. The country gentleman had the good fortune to bs presented with twin daughters by his wife, and the boy, after his usual round among the animals, was taken to see these little creatures as they lay in their cradle. The child looked at them gravely, pulled their legs, pinched their arms, opened their eyelids, and, after a moment of rellcction pointing to one of tbe two said, " Keep this one." SHIPMENT OF MEAT.—In regard to the movement for making a shipment of meat under die freezing process to England, the honorary secretaries report a daily increasing interest in this undertaking :—" The squatters," tbey say, " and others in New South Wales, are rapidly sending in their names as contributors, and there is no doubt now felt as to tho required sum being raised within the time proposed. In Queensland the matter has been warmly taken up, and the leading stockholders there are evincing great interest. The difficulty of communicating with the Victorian and South Australian squatters is, no doubt, the cause that their names are still absent from the list of contributors; circulars are, however, being issued to every one whose address can be obtained. The more the subject is ventilated the more does every stockholder in the colonies see tnat his interest is closely identified with the successful establishment of a frozen meat trade. Advices have been sent to England to prepare the public mind there, and to create an interest among tbe future consumers of what must ultimately be a large export from these colonies." Two AGAINST Two. — A gentleman, of the name of Man, residing near a private madhouse met one of its poor inhabitants, who had broken from his keeper. The maniac suddenly stopped and, resting upon a large stick, exclaimed, "Who are you, sir?" The gentleman was rather alarmed, but, thinking to divert his attention by a pun, replied, " I am a double man ; I am man by name and nature." " Are you so ?" rejoined the other: " Why, I am a man beside myself, so we two will fight you two." Ho then knocked down poor Man, and ran away. A BEAUTIFUL METEOR.—At about 11, there was a fine exhibition of meteoric phenomena at Gulgong. The clouds (says the Argus) had disappeared from the zenitb, and were settling down over the distant ranges in the north-cast. The_ meteor commenced its course from the direction of the summit of the bank of clouds, and sailed at an angle at about 40 toivards the southwest, and was seen to great advantage against tbe clouds. The meteor was very brilliant, of a golden colour, with bluish edges. It was half a minute in its fall, and burst into fragments, as it approached the earth and' disappeared. GREAT SALE OF THE GREYSTANES HERD.— Owing to the sale of the Greystanes estate by Mr. Walter Lamb to Mr. Fitzwilliam Wentworth the former gentlemen found it necessary to dispose of the whole of the valuable herd of shorthorns, together with his Herefords, and the draught horse stock. Tho sale, which took place on Wednesday, was a most interesting one, for with it went tbe last of the illustrious Imperial Purple line from Greystanes, a line which has made an indellible impression among the shorthorns of Australia. Tho side was most successful. The horse stock brought 770 guineas the common cattle 305 guineas. Tiie Devons 1-24 guineas, the shorthorn cows 2000 guineas the shorthorn bulls 325 guineas, and tbe Hereford cattle 557 guineas. The day's sale realized about 4300 guineas. — Evening News. A CURE FOR LOVE OF LIQUOR.—At a festival at a Reformatory Institution, recently) a gentleman said of a cure for the habit of intoxicating drinks:—"I overcame tbe habit by a recipe given to mo by old Dr. Hatfield, one of those good old physicians who do not have a per centage from a neighbouring druggist." The prescription is simply an orange every morning half-an-hour before breakfast. Take that said the doctor, and you will neither want liquor nor medicine. I have done so regularly, and find that liquor has become repulsive—Scientific American. ROUND THE WORLD.—A letter will go round tho world, it is found, in eighty-eight days: An enterprising gentleman in New York sent a letter to Yokohama by way of England, enclosing one which was to be sent on again to New York but this time via San Francifco and in eightyeight days he duly receiyed the enclosure. DEATH IN THE PULPIT. — The Rev. Isaac Hanks, for many years minister of the Independent Chapel, Silver-street Malmesbury, fell down dead in his pulpit on Sunday night October 25, just as he. had given out his 'text which was, " But man dieth and wasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost and whore is he ?" A CHILD DROWNED IN A TUB.—a little girl only 18 months old was drowned in a most simple way, in Wood-street, Beechworth. It appears (says the Ovens and Murray Advertiser) that the mother, wife of a Mr. Ansaldo, was engaged in washing, when the poor little girl fell into a tub of water, and although almost immediately taken out by the mother, was no doubt then dead. The child was taken immediately to the hospital where all means were taken-to resuscitate it without avail. DANGER FBOM DEAD SNAKES.—The following caution is given by tbe Ararat Advertiser, but whether it is well-founded we leave Mr. Krefft to say :—A snake measuring-five feet four inches in length was killed on Monday, and was on view at Mr._ Leopold's store for a considerable time. It might be as well to state, in reference to tho sqake season, that the blood which is discharged from the head in the operation of killing is most dangerous, and on more .than one occasion has been found to convey'tbe poison to the blood. PereonBcannot he too careful in having nothing whatever to do with dead snakes. A squatter who was very well .known in Victoria caughtthe virusfrom hisstockwiip (with which he had despatched a snake), and .died in fortyeight hours. ; -i'. . Loss OF TBE CALCUTTA.—A fatal shipwreck is reported by tho American correspondent of Uio Times .-—The ship Calcutta, from Quebec for Liverpool, was wrecked on tho Magdalen Islands on tbe 7th instant. Captain Tyrrell, three men, and one boy were saved, but twentytwo of tho crew and one lady passenger were drowned.—PaU Mail Gasette, November 16. REGINA V. KINSELA.—The Attorney- General in view ofthe strong feeling known to exist in this district (reports the Queanbeyan Age) both for and against the prisoner Kinsela, awaiting trial on several charges of post-office robbery, litis directed that the trial shall take place at the Goulbiirn Quarter Sessions, which commence on Friday, the 28tb instant. THE LAST OF "OLD-DAGWORTII."—The career of the raccborso Dagworth was brought to a close on Sunday last, hiB owner, Mr. Hurtle Fishei-, having decided to shoot him. It will be remembered that the celebrated horse injured himself severely while running in the Champion race on New Year's Day, since which he has been under the care of Messrs. Graham, Mitchell and Marsdcn, with the view of, if possible, saving his life. It wa6 decided by them, however, that it was impossible to do so, and on their recommendation the horse was shot.— TF<7<7<7<1 Express. COMMERCIAL BANK.—The report of the Commercial Bank for the past half-year is not merely the most prosperous yet submitted to the proprietor, it shows the greatest results obtained in the history of colonial monetary institutions. The credit balance from previous account amounted to £13,034 lis 6d, and after deducting £11,846 12s 8d for rebate on bills current there was a net balance of £78,247 5s 4d on the business of the past six months, thus increasing the divisible profits to £91,281 16s 5d. It was iesol»'ed to appropriate £62,500 to payment of dividend at the rate of 25 per cent, per annum add £15,000 to reserve, and cairy. a balance of £13,781 1Gs 5d to credit of new account. The reserve fund now amounts to £360,000. A bonus of £1.000 was voted to the directors as a mark of tho shareholders' appreciation of successful management. OUR ROYAL ARTIST.—Her Impci ial Highness the Crown Princess of Germany (Princess Royal of England) continues the practice of tbe art of painting, in which BIIC showed such mirked talent before she left this country years ago, Her Imperial Highness has produced several very good portraits of members of lier own family. A CHINESE CAMP BURNED.—'The Maryborough correspondent of the Melbourne Telegraph says: "About9 o'clock in the evening of the 15th instant tbe largest fire ever seen in Maryborough broke out in the Chinese camp, and, though every effort was made to stay its progress, it rapidly spread until the whole of the east end of the camp on both sides was enveloped in flames. Fortunately the wind blew from the westward, and thus saved the larger wholesale houses. It is said that tbe fire was caused by a European woman throwing a lighted match away. Tho amount of damage is not known, but itis thought to be between £3000 and £4000. The whole were blazing at one time, lighting the country for miles round. Two or three persons were hurt, but not fatally. BRAVERY AND APATHY.—An act of bravery (says the Agej was displayed on the 14th instant by Mr. James Cazaly, well-known in rowing circles, and also in Ballarat. A pair of horses attached- to a carriage containing a party of ladies, accompanied by a gentleman, bolted over Prince's Bridge. Mr. Cazaly, with remarkable coolnees, jumped boldly on to the box-seat, and then made his way on to the pole of the carriage, seizing the reins. He was thus enabled to pull the frightened animals up before any damage was done. The only recognition made was a cool " Thank you,'' when the coachman, having recovered his senses, drove on his way. THE PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY.—It is understood (the San Francisco Neies Letter says) that tbe Pacific Mail Company will apply to Congress for a subsidy of 450,000 dollars (£90,000) per annum to the new Australian line. The company, however, had at no time a chance of obtaining it, and now tbat the large democratic majority in the House of Assembly have, by vote, determined to pass no subsidies whatever this session, we should think the application will hardly be made. Without such subsidy the line has no bom fides. It is understood, howover, that the Central Pacific and Union Pacific Railways are willing to continue the service with the steamers of the White Star Line upon precisely the same terms as at present contracted. BLACKLEGISM —Daily rumours of the dishonest practices of the noblest patrons ofthe turf are current eveiywhere, and with but too much foundation; our whole social atmosphere, in short, is poisoned with this gambling pestilence. Were the fatal influences of this great social evil only operative on the vicious, we could afford to be silent, but when wo see fair characters for ever blasted, happy homes irrevocably broken up by its means, the time has come for us to speak.—Newcastle Pilot. Speaking of the same subject the Singleton Argus says :—The whole 6ystem of horse racing has degenerated into one gigantic swindle, and is now little else but a convenient vehicle for conveying money from tbe pockets of fooJs into the pockets of rogues. Were the roguery confined to the vicious, to the pariahs of society, whom toknowis to avoid, but little harm would be done ; but such is not the case ; the poison has penetrated to the ranks of our Australian patricians, and is spreading through eveiy root and fibre of our social system. 0, Tempora 0 Mores! When men, who call themselves gentlemen, stoop to concoct schemes to entrap the innocent, schemes which if showed up in the light of day would cover them with everlasting infamy. Horse racing improves the breed otriie English horse indeed, better a thousaud times that the English race horse became as rare as the mastadon or the moa, than that villainy, which is perpetrated at every race meeting, should be perpetuated. THE COMING MAN.—Imagination fondly pictures the hour when Colonial Secretary Parkes shall instal his faithful follower, squire Pilcher into the office of Attorney-General. But Mr. Pilcher little knows the bitter pangs of disappointed^ political ambition, " Thou art so near and yet sc far," may well be said of the Attorney- Geueralship, by his chivalric aspirant to legal dignity. But again and again, just as the coveted prize is within his grasp, he may expect to hear tbe warning tones of the member for Argylo, Great Butler, the betrayed, as they echo in bis ear, " Beware of Parkes. He has deceived his Butler, and will thee.."—Newcastle Chronicle. BE ON THE ALERT if you have symptoms announcing the approach of kidney or bladder, disorders. Pains across the kidneys, turbid urine, difficulty in passing water, burning in the urethra, proclaim that something is wrong, and that" something " if disregarded may develop into a most serious evil. Delay not a moment if there is tbe slightest urinary difficulty to apply tho remedy especially recommended by tho faculty for such disorders, UDOLPBO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AROMATIC SCHNAPPS.—ADV. OXYGEN IS LIFE.—Dr. Bright's Phosphdoyne. —Multitudes of people are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity. Indigestion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power, &c.;, whose cases admit of a permanent cure by the new remedy Phosphodyne (Ozonic Oxyg'en). which at once allays all irritation and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled conutitution and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies.— Sold by all Chemists and Druggists throughout the Globe, IGF CAUTION.—The large and increasing demand for Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne has led to several imitations under somewhat similar names; purchasers of this medicine should therefore be careful to observe that each caEe beans the Government Stamp, with the words, Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne engraved thereon, and that the same words are also blown in tbe bottle.—ADV. 