POLICE. KYNETON.—Tuesday, May 23: (Before the Police Magistrate, and Messrs Thomson and. Weigall, J*s.P.) HORSE ITFD CATIŁE STEAŁ1KG. Michael Hartigan was brought up -on remand for steaJing a horse belonging to 13, A, Steele, A farther remwd was asked for by Sergeant Manson, which was granted. The prisoner was remanded to Friday on another charge, viz., stealing 2 head of cattle, the property of John Campbell, of Trio, Carlsruhe. ASSA.OLT. . Richard Pinchin charged George ..Ferris with unlawfully assaulting him- Mr Payn appeared for defendant The complainant deposed that he was a tenant of defendant's at Boggy Creek. On the 4th of this month the defendant came to his place and asked for rent also possession of premises. He told him that -he could not pay, and next day went to defendant's place with an account, and when he got there the defendant tried to serve him with a notice, and because he would'nt take it, knocked him down. He was suffering from the injuries received for several days afterwards, and was not recovered yet. Mrs Pinchin corroborated her husband's evidence so far as the injuries were concerned, but did not- see the assault com- mitted. She suddenly missed her husband, and upon looking round saw him rising up like a ghost from the ground. The defence was that Mr Ferris endeavoured to serve the complainant with a notice of ejectment, which the complainant refused to receive. The defendant then tried to put the notice in complainant's pocket, and then into his breast, and in stepping back to evade service he fell over the kerbstone. Mr Ferris sworo positively that lie did not in anyway assault the plaintiff; he would be veiy sorry to do so. His only object was to get complainant off his ground, which in charity, he permitted him to occupy for some time past. Annie Ferris corroborated the evidence of her father. The case was dismissed, costs 10s 6d- EJECTMENT. Richard Pinchin was summoned to show cause why warrant of ejectment should not issue against him, at the suit of George Ferris. Sir Payn appeared for complainant. The service of proper notice was proved. Possession was ordered to be given within ten days. 