WESLETAN DISTRICT MEETINGS. SOUTHERN DISTRICT. FIRST DAY: Tuesday. OCTOBER 17. The annual meeting of the ministers belonging to the Southern District of the South Australian Conference, was commenced in the Schoolroom of the Pirie. street Church, on Tuesday, Oc tober 17. The Bev. W. P. Weils, President of the Conference, occupied the chair; and all the ministers of the District were present with the e&ceptioa; of the Bevs. A. Stubbs, of Mount Gambier, J. B. Trevorrow, of Port Lincoln, aud A. J, bogle, of the Northern Territory, to whom a dispensation was granted on account of distance. The following were the elections for District officials, viz.:-fiev. J. £. Stephenson, Secretary; the Rev. J. Nicholson, Assistant Secretary ; ana the Rev. J. Haslam, Journal Secretary. The hours of session and some other preliminary busi ness were arranged, and a cordial vote of thanks psesented to the Bev. H. T. Burgess for bis services as Secretary cf the District during the past year. The CHAIRMAN briefly addressed the meeting, expressing his pleasure on meeting the brethren, and gratitude that they had been preserved to labour for God through another year. He hoped the District Meeting would be one of great spiritual profit. They were met not only tcr the purpose of tabulating statements as to what had been done, but also to encourage each other in their arduous work. It weuld be strange indeed if a number or ministers met for three or four days consecutively without doing each other good. In their discussions everything that would be likely to chafe or irritate ought to be carefully avoided. During the previous year they had passed through widely- differing expe rience a. Some had to contend with sore dis couragement, others had the joy of success. Their fraternal sympathy would be mutually helpful. They would do well to remember that they met as Methodist preachers. The doctrines they preached should be matters of personal experience. It was important to retain the wit ness of the Spirit, and to keep its evidence clear and strong. The happiness of the meeting, their own usefulness, and their future strength would be largely increased by their securing a fresh and entire consecration to God. They needed, as a personal enjoyment, the promised baptism of the Holy Ghost. He hoped there would be diligence and earnestness in their devotions as well as in conducting the business they had met to transact. At a later stage of the meeting the CHAIRMAN cordially welcomed the Bev. C. Lane, from Victoria, and T. C. Laurance, from Western Australia, who had arrived in the District since the last Conference. He assured them of the goodwill and affection of their brother ministers, and hoped their labours would be abundantly blessed of God. Both the above-named ministers suitably responded to the Chairman's greeting. The regular routine of business was then pro ceeded with. *With the exception of the ttev. M. Wilson, whose decease took place at the last Conference, to minister had died during the year, and no case of discipline had occurred. The usual questions as to moral and religious character were satisfactorily answered. On the question of ministers becoming supernumeraries the Kev. T. C. Laurance spoke of his needing assistance in the extensive circuit of Mount Barker, as he feared his strength was insufficient for the amount of travelling which it required, but he did not preEs his request to be made a supernumerary. The case of the Kev. T. Kaston was considered with a view to his returning to the active work, but on his representing himself as unequal to the duties of a circuit the matter was allowed to drop. A conversation took place cn the propriety of supernumeraries engaging in secular pursuits, the general feeling appearing to be that such energy as they possessed should be devoted to the service of the Church. The name of a candidate for the ministry from the Pirie-street Circuit was introduced by the bev. 8. Knight, but as he had not been brought before the quarterly meeting of the Circuit, it was decided that no definite action should be taken. 8hould the nomination of the candidate be approved of by the December quarterly meeting the necessary examination might then be arranged for prior to the Con ference. It was arranged for the examinations of a candidate from the North Adelaide Circuit and of a probationer to take place on Thursday. The Chairman gave an account of the corre spondence which had passed between himself and the Kev. J. Bickford relative to obtaining ministers from Bngland. In consequence of the difficulty of securing suitable supplies from the ministerial ranks, he had requested Mr. Bickford to endeavour to induce one or more young men, in whom confidence oould be placed, to emigrate with the view of joining the colonial ministry. Mr. Bickford had apparently succeeded in two cases, and there was a probability that a third negotiation would be satisfatorily concluded. A conversation took place on the status which these expected con cessions would possess, and the necessary stops to be taken for regularly connecting them with the Conference. No definite information was available, but it was understood that the whole arrangements were rendered necessary by the emergency, and that the President and ex President were justified in their action. Reports of a satisfactory character aa to the students connected with the branch of the Provincial Theological Institution in the District were presented by the Chair man. Both the students at Prinoe Alfred College had passed the recent matricula tion examination of the Adelaide University with great credit. Mr. T. E. Thomas, who has been attending the lectures at the Melbourne University, was expected shortly to take his degree and to return to the colony with a view to entering immediately on circuit work. An animated disoussion took place with reference to the undesirabQity of young men connected with the Theological Institution engaging in studies which interfered with their direct theological training. Mr. NewmaK regarded the latter as being by far the most important work, and one which ought not to be set aside on any account. Mr. HASLAH b *id the question was most serious. There was great inconsistency in a readiness to overturn certain rules to meet the exigencies of circuits, while at the same time candidates wore lefc unemployed that thoy might pursue studies which had no bearing on their spooial work. Mr. ENIGHT argued that there was no intention to forego theological training. A University course involved the highest kind of intellectual disci- ? pline. It was like mental calisthenics. Even , supposing theological reading to be suspended for a while, the increased mental power which the students thereby acquired would eventually enable them to deal with it far more vigorously and effectively. Any honours they might gain would be their achievement, and would do service both to themselves and the Church. Messrs. BUBGESS, and LASS, the CHAIRMAN, and others took part in the conversation. The prevailing opinion appeared to be that however valuable other studies might be, it was of the utmost importance that the theological training of candidates for the ministry should be strictly adhered to. The following resolution was unaui moudy adopted:-"That this District Meeting has heard with pleasure of the diligence and success with which the students have prosecuted their studies during the year." It was arranged that notices of motion relating to the ensuing Conference should be handed in on Thursday morning. The next District meeting was appointed to be held at Pirie-street Church on the third Tuesday in October, 1877. SECOND DAY: WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 18. FINANCIAL DISTRICT MEETING, In addition to ministers, the following Stewards were present:-Pirie-street, Mr. A. A. Scott; Archer-street, Messrs. P. LeCornu and J. Harry; Kent Town, Messrs. J. A. Hartley and R. N. Gault; Port Adelaide, Messrs. E. H. Butler and J. Rofe; Gumeracha, Messrs. Monfries and Gregory; Willunga, Messrs. J. Pointon and J. Jared; Clarendon, Hon. J. Carr and Mr. E. Shepley; Geolwa, Captain G. Johnston and Mr. T. Goode, jun.; Mount Barker, Mr. J. W. Parsons; Tankalilla, Messrs. R. Kelly and J. Dufty; Strathalbyn, Mr. J. T. Close; also the Hon. J. Collon, Tieasurer ef Colonial Fundi The CHAIESLAN (Bev. W. P. Welle) ex pressed the pleasure he felt at seeing so large a representation from the various Circuits. It would bo necessary to proceed to business with the utmost poFsible dispatch, and he believed it would be facilitated by their dealing at onoe with the funds whioh had to be distributed. Heme Mission and Contingent Fund.-The Secretary of the Home Mission Committee (Rev. H. T. Burcees) reported that the total amount raised in the colony was £998. The Committee had appropriated to meet the Chairman's and ordinary district expenses, £34 18s. lid.; grant to Palmereton, Northern Territory, £100] moiety of students' expenses attending- Uumettj, £24; and towards meeting the claims from Circuits in the Southern District, £'240. The Committee had adopted the following resolution:-" That as in some of the Circuits the amount raised on behalf of the Home Mission and Contingent Fund Society exhibits a decrease as compared with former years, the special attention of such Circuit? be directed to the importance of main taining and augmenting the resources of this fund, in order to the efficient prosecution of the work of church extension in the colony." Applications were received amounting to £2£0. A lengthy and careful investigation was made of their relative urgency. The following distribution was ultimately agreed to:-Strath albyn Circuit, £75; Yankaliila, £25; Goolwa, £25; Port Lincoln, £100; and the Rev. J. B. Stephenson, on account of severe domestic afflic tion, £20. Church. Building lib an Fund.-The Secretary of the Home Mission Fund Committee (Rev. EL T. Burgess) reported that there was £1,788 available for the purposes of this fund in this colony for this year, including £75 from the Auxiliary Loan fund by the exertion of the Rev. 8\. Knight. The Committee had passed the following resolution-"That this Committee recommends a special loan of £260 to the Glenelg new Church in consideration of that amoaut being repaid before it cornea due by the Pirie street Church." The Committee had made a further allotment of £450 to be distributed by the Financial District Meeting of the Southern district. A loag conversation took place regarding certain claims, in connection with the regulations of the Fond, which had net been exactly observed. It was finally agreed that all the applications which had received the sanction of the quarterly meetings should be considered; but that this must not be regarded as establishing a prece dent. The applications submitted were as follows;-Glenelg new Church, £500; Brighton Church, £100; Brompton Church, £500; Ma^ill Church, £250; Port Adelaide Parsonage, £200; Yahl Church (Mount Gambier), £100; Currency Creek Church, £100; and Port Yiotor Church, £100. After prolonged consideration the fol lowing allotment was made:-Glenelg, £400 (in cluding the £260 previously voted); Ma sill, £210; Port Victor, £100. Mr. BUBGESS proposed the following motion: " That the Conference be requested to amend Regulation 8 relating to the Loan Fund by insert ing the following-'That no claim on the Church BmldingLoaa Fund shall be recognised either by the Home Mission Fund Committee or the Financial District Meeting, unless (a) the building has been erected and occupied; (b) if a church or sohoolroom, two-thirds of the entire cost has been raised; and (c) the resolu tion of the Quarterly Meeting making applica tion, duly sigced by the Circuit Stewards or th9 Superintendent of the Circuit, is received by the Treasurer of the Fund prior to the assembling of the Home Mission Committee. He argued that the experience of that day proved the necessity of more precise and definite regulations being made. Mr. HASLAM seconded, remarking that such regulations would have greatly facilitated the business of the day. Mr. KNIGHT cordially supported. The present plan admitted of much uncertainty, and per mitted a want of uniformity in the administra tion of the fund in different districts. Mr. NICHOLSON pointed out that the proposed resolu tion would shut out from the benefits of the fund any erection which was in progress, and that in Victoria a similar fund was used for the encouragement of Church enterprise. Mr. STEPHENSON feared making the regulation too stringent. He agreed with part of the proposed amendments, but thought they ought not to be guided by technicalities. After some further conversation Mr. BUBGESS replied that he sought to avoid technicalities by making the regulations unequivocal. No case need be permanently excluded. It would not be seriously injured by postponement, and .the fund was not large enough to be employed in encouraging church building. The motion was carried. Mr. KMIGHT moved-" That in the opinion of this Committee, for the more satisfactory and equitable distribution of our District funds, it is desirable that the work of allocation be per formed by the mixed Conference ratter than by the District Committee." He did not think the present arrangements had ever given entire satisfaction, and believed the referring of their business to the Conference would give it greatly augmented interest. Mr. STEPHENSON seconded. One good effect would probably be to secure the election of Circuit Stewards as representatives. Mr. GOODE said at present two Circuit Stewards had the opportunity of advocating the claims of their Circuits. Mr. STEPHENSON remarked that the same body would have to deal with not a part but the whole of the applying cases, and there would be more likelihood, of all being treated on the same principles. Mr. MACK enquired whether the proposed allocation would refer to Districts or Circuits. If the latter he feared it would do away entirely with the Finance District Meetings. Mr. Burgess did not think any Committee could satisfactorily finalize the distribution of the funds. If they were dealt within the Conference the character of that assembly would be injuriously altered. It would be undesirable for local objects to princi pally eDg≥ the attention of representatives. By adopting the motion the Financial District Meeting would be taking means for its own extinction. In answer to a question the CHAIR MAN said the proposed change could not be effected at once. Its discussion at the Conference could not do any harm, and might be of service. Mr. KNIGHT consented to so alter the motion as without expressing a decided opinion, the subject might be submitted to the consideration of the Conference. Mr. HASLAM questioned whether it was not superfluous. The matter might be introduced at the Conference without the meeting having been committed in its favour. Mr. NEWMAN thought it would be better to improve upon present arrangements than to adopt entirely freeh ones. The motion as amended was put and lost. The usual questions were then taken in their regular order. Chureh Property.-The SECRETARY stated that there were 106 churches in the district and in course of erection. The coat of churches was £106,210, and of parsonages £10.435. The debt remaining on churches was £20,262, and on parsonages £2,715. New erections and improve ments during the year had cost £11,613. The following were the new erections:-Brompton Churoh-Cost, £6,609; debt, £2,53% Magill Church-Cost, £2.110; debt, £777. AUandale Churoh-Cost, £223; debt, £95. "Sail Church Cost, £322; debt, £122. Kent Town Parsonage cost £1,131. Home Mission Fund.-Mr. BURGESS moved " That the Conference be requested to adopt the following regulation:-That no claim on the Home Mission Fund from any Circuit shall be recognised either by the Home Mission Com mittee or the Financial District Meetings, unless the Circuit balance-sheet duly filled up and signed by the Circuit Stewards shall be re ceived by the Treasurers of the Fund prior to the assembling of the Home Mission Committee: Provided that when the application is not for a Circuit deficiency, the resolution of the Quarterly Meeting, signed by the Circuit Stewards, or the Superintendent of the Circuit, may be for war?led instead .of the balance-sheet." The motion was carried. Connexions! Funds.-The SECRETARY read the usual questions. No discussion took place, as these funds will be reviewed at the Con ference. Statistical Returns.-The schedule was 'read by the SECRETARY. There are in the District 105 churches, 21 other church buildings, 32 other preaching-places, 85 Sabbath-schools, 906 teachers, 7,054 scholars, 19 ministers, 125 local preacher, 171 class-leaders, 2,481 Church mem bers, with 219 on trial for membership, 187 other communicants, and 67 catechumens. The attendants on " public worship, in cluding members and scholars, were 18,575, and there had been 378 baptisms during the year. It was mentioned that some of the totals would require revision, as one or two returns were incomolete. The membership showed an increase of 45 for the year. Mr. BURGESS said the return of Church members ought not to pass without comment. Though small, it was something to be grateful for, espe cially considering the continued exodus from many of the Circuits. Mr. KNIGHT thought they had learned to be thankful for small mercies; bnt it was impossible to feel satisfied with the present slow rate of progress. Mr. A. A. SCOTT considered that, looking at the com plete and powerful machinery of the Church, they had a right to expect much greater results. It was worth while considering whether mare could not be done to render class-meetings inte resting. Many experienced leaders had adopted such methods with encouraging success. Efforts ought to be made to secure closer attichmeut on the part of communicants. The CHAIRMAN was glad of the conversation. There could be no doubt that they needed and must seek for a general revival, and he hoped they would see much greater prosperity in the future. The Rev. S. Knight was appointed represen tative of the District to the Stationing Com mittee and the Conference. The Hon. J. Colton and the Hon. J. Carr were re-elected members of the Heme Missicn Fond Committee for the District. It was considered questionable whether a Connexional Committee would be required under the new Constitution, but in the event of such being the case the present members were nominated for re election. Mr. BRIGHT proposed that the oordial thanks of the ministers present be given to the lay members of (he meeting Cor the earnest aad intelligent Interest manifested by them in the business of the day. He felt that they owed them a large amount of gratitude. The interest manifested by the lay gentlemen was a great ©dcourageccent, and co-operation with them was always productive of benefit. Mr. Bubqkss seconded the motion, which was carried unani mously. The CHAIRMAN, in presenting tho vote, said the Intelligent attention to the badness of the Church invariably shown by South Austra lian laymen bad always been a source of great satisfaction to him. Mr. A, A. Scon proposed that the hearty thanks of the meeting be given to the Chairman for bis able presidency. He believed it did both parties good to get together. He hoped when the new arrangements were brought into opera tion the laymen would show the same considera tion for the ministers whioh he was sore they would receive. Mr. GOODK, in seconding, referred to the previous resolution, and said that though kind it was almost superfluous, for as laymen they ought to feel as muoh interest in the Church's welfare as the minister did. The motion was carried by a standing vote. The Chaibmak briefly acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting was closed with prayer. Tbibd DAY : Thobsd*t, Octobbb 19. The minutes and journal of the previous pro ceedings were read and approved. It was ascertained that the Mount Barker Circuit asks for an additional minister next year. The case of Mr. J. Gillingham, who had Deen recommended by the North Adelaide Circuit, was considered. The usual theological examina tion was conducted by the Chairman, and at its close the meeting unanimously resolved to re commend Mr. Gillingham to the Conference as a suitable candidate for the Ministry. A want of uniformity in making the connec tional collections in several Circuits haviog pro* duced considerable inconvenience, tho following resolution was adopted-" That the Conference be recommended to substitute for the final clause of the Standing Order relative to collec tions the following rule The Conference directs that the collections for the Worn out Ministers Fund, the Educational Fund, the Heme Mission Fund, and the Foreign Missions be made in the March, June, Septam- j ber, and December quarters respectively. Also, that if possible the Home Mission Meetings be held in July, and the Foreign Mission Meetings not later thus November." The case of Mr. Pollard was next considered. A vtca voce theological examination was con ducted by the Chairman. The Rev. J. £. iitephenBon gave a report of the result of the written examination, which was en the whole satisfactory. It was resolved that Mr. Pollard be recommended to the Conference to be re ceived into full connection. The following resolution from the Pine-street quarterly meeting was read:-"That in the opinion of .this meeting the question of what J young men in the Church are suitable to be ; requested to come on trial for the preachers' plan, and what young preachers on the plan are j deemed suitable to be named as candidates for the ministry, should form the subject of con versation in the quarterly meetings, and that this resolution be sent up to the District Meeting at its next sitting." Tne subject was fully con sidered; but, while the importance of securing suitable candidates was distinctly recognised, th9 meeting did not deem itself competent to take definite action in the matter. The desirability of postponing the time of the Conference until March, so as to avoid the , extreme heat of the month of January, was introduced by Mr. Mack. It was feared Circuit arrangements would interpose serious difficulties, aad as the meeting had no jurisdiction in the matter it was allowed to drop. Cordial thanks were presented to the Rev. J. Nicholson, the Assistant- Secretary, and Rev. J. Haslam, the Journal Secretary, for their valuable sorvices. A vei-y hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman for the ability with which he had conducted the business of the District Meeting. It was mentioned that, although some matters had been dealt with which consumed an unusual amount of time, the sessions were being con eluded a day sooner than on any previous occasion. This was owing partly to the Finan cial District Meeting coming at an earlier stage of the meeting than heretofore, bet partly also to the promptness with which the business had been dispatched. The CHAIRMAN, in acknowledging the vote, said he thoroughly appreciated the kiud remarks which had been made. More than most others, Wesleyan Ministers had both facilities and necessities for maintaining the spirit of brother hood, in consequence of their connexional union. Ibis was most important. If they did not inspect each other tne wheels of their machinery couid not work smoothly. He believed they did, and for his part his respect, confidence, ana affection for his brethren was growing, tie prayed that God's blessing might rtet upon them, and especially in regard to the important changes which would shortly take place in the Church constitution. The minutes of the meeting were then read, confirmed, and signed by the Chairman and Secretary. Accoraingto custom, the "Liverpool Resolu tions" and the *' Twelve Rules of a Helper" were then read. These resolutions are so called because the; were adopted by a Conference held at .Liverpool, England. They contain a oompan dium of ministerial duty, withappropriate exhor tations, and are appointed to be read in every Dis trict Meeting, so as to form a basis for considering the best means of promotingthespiritual interests of the Church. The ihaibh&N; referred to the marvellous comprehensiveness of the compan dium which had been read. One thing always impressed him with peculiar solemnity. Their work was to save souls. They had to preach many sermons and to transact much business in connection with other affairs; but still this was their grand employment. Its supreme importance ought never to be lost sight of; and of all things he desired, with in tensest .earnestness, that God would make them soul 'saving ministers. Mr. RKIGHT said the subject carried them back to first principles. Its charm was in its whole-heartednesB. If they main tained that spirit it would take out the com placency they might feel in other things, inferior concerns often unduly usurped a large amount of attention. Some recommendations of their predecessors now seemed obsolete more was the pity. They should make the sal vation of sinners their one and specific object. The danger of the unsaved ought to be realized more clearly. They wanted to feel that hell was a real peril, judgment was coming, and to obtain such clear views of the value of the human soul, its immortality,, and the fact of its redemption, as would dwarf everything else into utter insignificance. At the request of the meeting Mr. ALLEN gave an outline of a successful work in which he had recently engaged^ In his Circuit they had agreed on special efforts during an entire quarter. The regular week-night services had been allowed to lapse that he might be free to undertake special duties^ The local preachers and others had cordially co-operated, and there had been prosperity more or less in every place. Tbey were thankful for the inoreise which had been obtained, and all the office-bearers and members felt greatly encouraged. The meeting was closed about 6 p.m. with singing and prayer. (An application from Brompton Church for £500 was accidentally omitted from the list of claims on the Loan Fund submitted to the-Finan cial District Meeting which was given in the report of Wednesday's proceedings.] 