«. Postal Cards. — We expect shortly to see these very great public conveniences in circulation in Adelaide. The Murray Bridge. — This very expensive struc ture is now approaching completion. ExroRTS. — The staple exports of the colony from the beginning of the year to July 1, were £2,150,250 15s. Gawler Ward Election. — Mr. W. Bicliford has been elected Councillor for Gawler Ward, vice Mr. W. II. Lctcliford, resigned. The Northern Territory. — The Claud Hamilton, from the Northern Territory, brought 2,400 ounces of gold. Presentation. — The Rev. J. C. McMichael, Con gregational Minister at Gawler, was presented with a purse of sovereigns prior to his departure for England. Telegraphic. — AY c expect shortly to have messages from Cape Borda by wire. This will give us several hours warning of European arrivals. Drowned at Sea. — During the voyage of the ship Tullocligorum from New Zealand, a youth named James Thompson, was, on July 11), lost overboard. Port Wakefield Railway. — The first train with goods and passengers went along this line on the 13th July. Proposed New Agricultural Society.— Wc see that it is proposed to form an Agricultural Society for Southern Yorke's Peninsula, and think such an insti tution much needed in that thriving district. Death of an Old Colonist. — We are sorry to learn by the latest letters from England of;the death of Mrs. G. W. Hawkes, the wife of the well-known Stipendiary Magistrate. Bank Interest. — The Banks have reduced their rates of interest as follows : — On deposits fixed for three months, to 3 per cent. ; for six months, 3£ per cent.; and for twelve months, 4£ per cent. Accidental Poisoning. — A very sad case of poisoning occurred during the month. Two children, belonging to Mr. F. V. Allbright, accidcntly drank some poison, and died shortly afterwards. Shooting a Black. — Henry Giles, a bookipaker, has been committed for trial on a charge of shooting an aboriginal. It is stated that the act was committed in self defence. Education.— The Education Council have appointed Mr. II. G. Birchcr drawing master at the Training School, and Mr. August Balk general master at the Model School. Port Pirie. — This town is advancing with great strides. Its inhabitants are taking steps to establish a Corporation, build a hospital, obtain a daily mail from Adelaide, and for other such laudable purposes. IIailes v. White. — The verdict for the plaintiff in this case, which was for blackmailing, has been set aside by the Supreme Court, on the ground that the Act under which proceedings were taken docs not apply to the sale of a lease. Town Hall Organ. — The time is drawing near when the grand organ which is being manufactured in England for our Town Hall should be finished and shipped. We hope soon to hear its tones in connection with a Philharmonic Concert. New Hunt Club. — A Hunt Club has been estab lished in the North, called the Red Hill and Crystal Brook Hunt Club. Their first meeting was largely attended by both cross-country men and ordinary spectators. A Ghost. — We see that Kapunda has either got possession of a real uhost or some individual of this world anxious to play the part of one, and as several persons have seen something like a man in a white sheet near a pond where a person was drowned some years since, the consternation is great. The Waterloo Cur. — The running for this event, the first prize of which is £500, and the second £200, was begun on the 15th July, and created a great deal of interest. Only two dogs, Buffler, belonging to Mr. B. Rounsevcll, and Screwdriver, belonging to Mr. C. II. T. Hart, took part. The winner was Miss Walker. Another Munificent Gift. — Mr. W. Parkin, M.L.C., has notified his intention to give £10,000 for the foundation of a Congregational College. £4,000 is at present available, and with this it is intended to endow the first chair. It is expected that the gift will be the means of drawing forth similar donations in the cause of education from other rich men. The Press. — Two members of the fourth estate have come into existence since our last issue. The Northern Mail is published weekly at the Burra, and as it seems to be well got up, may be expected to fill a void which has existed there. The Port Wakefield Times is also a weekly publication that ought to have a good circulation. Hosihtal for Karunda. — Some further steps have been taken by the residents of Kapunda to provide the place with a hospital, which is much required. They have £3,000 now in hand and a site, and the building they propose erecting is, we believe, rot to cost more than £5,000. When completed it will be an important addition to the architecture of the town. Water Supply to Kapunda. — Mr. James White, M.P., has offered the people of Kapunda ten acres seven miles from the town for the purposes of a reservoir, and they have asked the Government to carry out a water supply scheme which they think feasible. The Govern ment have promised to act in the matter if a survey shows the possibility of carrying out the work. Coursing Meeting. — We have had a Coursing Meeting at Springton, making the only event of that kind this year in South Australia except the S.A.C.C. Meeting at Corryton Park. The entries were numerous, and the weather being fine, the sport was good. As hares have been seen to a large extent lately in the neighbourhood of Adelaide, we expect to see the Coursing Meetings- increase largely. Coaoh Accident. — On the 13th July a fresh team of horses that had just been attached to an outgoing mail coach bolted from Crafers, and ran- until stopped near the Aldgate Pump by running into a bank. The driver was off the box, and a passenger had the reins. Several ladies and gentlemen jumped out, and were more or less bruised, but others who remained in the vehicle escaped injury. The Railway Policy. — The Parliament have taken up the work of passing Railway Bills with a will, and measures for the carrying out of a line 200 miles North from Port Augusta, a line from Kapunda to the North- West Bend of the Murray, and one from Gladstone to Jamestown, for the accommodation of a large agricul tural population, have passed. Other Bills, with a similar object, are before Parliament. Carlkssness at Sea. — Captain Cameron, of the ship Lightning, has bad his conduct enquired into by a Court appointed by the Marine Board. Evidence was given of drunkenness and gross carelessness, and judgment was recorded that the defendant's certificate should be cancelled. He has been committed to the Supreme Court on a criminal charge. In the, civil proceeding the defendant has denied the jurisdiction of the Court, and refused to givo up his certificate. Mil. 13 al wood and the government. Ml'. W. T. Dal wood, the victim of the long drawn-out case of Dal wood v. Blaekmorc, who settled his dispute with the Government last year for £11,000, has applied to Parliament to ask for payment to him of interest on the sum paid bv the. Crown during the time the case was in dispute. Like many another " successful plaintiff" in a big case, Mr. Dal wood has been ruined by the costs be has had to incur, and we therefore hope to see the Parliament grant the very reasonable request he puts forward. Mr. Dalwood's petition was supported by a memorial, signed by 108 merchants, contractors, and others. A Word for the Areas. — The following letter speaks for itself, and explains a paragraph in our last issue: — Sir: Some mistake seems to have arisen respect- ing a letter shown by me, received from Mr. Theakston, not Mr. Horrocks, as represented. Mr. Theakston acted as second in command on the journey mentioned, in which South Australia lost one of her most enterprising pioneers. He also was in the position in that unfortu- nate expedition with Mr. Wedge Dark, a surveyor, em- ployed to explore the country at the back of the Port Lincoln district, where that gentleman was speared by the natives. Mr. Theakston is now living in Victoria, in feeble health and greatly reduced circumstances, and I am glad of this opportunity of making public his merits and his present needs. I am, Sir, &c.;, A. G. Burt. July 10, 1876. Visit to Clarendon. — Not one of the least pictures que spots in South Australia is the village of Clarendon, distant about seventeen miles from the city. It was our pleasure some few afternoons since to pay it a visit, and we shall ever look upon it as one of our most pleasant trips from Adelaide. Arriving there about 6 p.m., after a good sharp drive, we — a comic editor, ditto gentleman, and two ditto publishers — found the snug little village in a state of serenity and peace. Everyone seemed to wear a bright smile, whilst our hostess and fair relative of the only hotel of which Clarendon can boast as yet, helped us to as ample a feast as we might expect to find in a first hotel in the metropolis. The people of Clarendon are to be con gratulated on their enterprise and the manner in which they carry the spirit of it out. Their civility is what wc have not always met with in some of the country districts. "WnTCfiKs. — Wo. liavn had two cases of shiowrcck during the month, and one of stranding. The new barque Geltwood, 1,050 tons, making her first voyage from Liverpool to Melbourne, with a general cargo and twenty-seven men and the captain's wife on board, seems to have been driven upon the coast near Rivoli Bay during heavy Aveathcr though at ivhat date is unknown. Only two boclies have been recovered, but much of the cargo has come to land. For the credit of the colony Ave are sorry to say that tAVO men have been arrested for plying the calling of Avrcckers. About the same date the Lightning, Avith a large number of immigrants, Avent ashore on Troubridgo Shoal, but Avas fortunately got off Avithout loss of life or property. The barque Agnes, from Sydney, Avent ashore a feAY days later, near AA'licre the Geltivood Avas Avrecked, and broke up, some of the crcAv getting ashore in their boats, and .the remainder being taken off . with great difficulty by the Port ' McDonnell lifeboat. Had not very prompt measures been taken by the Treasurer and President of the Marine Board in sending a steamer to tow the lifeboat to the Avreck, the Ha'cs of the men left there Avould not probably have been saved. 