The Completing Link. THE opening of the bridge over the Brisbane River at Oxley Point completes, so far as public convenience is concerned, railway communication between the capital and such portions of the interior as were already traversed by pre-existing lines. A philosopher has said that man should strive after perfection, but not hope to attain it Adopting the sentiment, we may consider it too much to hope that the railways which have hereafter to be con structed in Queensland shall be free from bungling and extravagance, but it may nevertheless be sought to improve upon the frightful blundering which has attended almost every step taken with respect to the line just com pleted by the opening of this bridge. Some extraordinarily consti tuted person proposed, in one of the daily papers, that the completion of the Bris bane and Ipswich Railway by the formal opening of the Oxley Bridge should be the occasion of a public holiday. We should rather have suggested a day of fasting and humiliation. Like the burial of Ophelia, the ceremony was one to be performed with marred rites. We can imagine no celebration which could have been looked forward to with less pleasing anticipations by those principally con cerned than this one. On such occasions it is usual for compliments to flow even more freely than champagne. Ministers, bead* of department*, engineers, and other officials' vie with each other in saponaceous speeches, and modest dis claimers. But on this occasion there was a lugubrioUsness evident in the tone of the whole proceedings. There was a death's head of a wasted quarter of a million sterling brooding over jthe assemblage. Such feeble gratulations as were attempted, glided out in an apo- Ipgetic, shamefaced way, like sheeted ghosts of buried anticipations. Except the bridge engineer, there was not a soul concerned with the construction of the line to whom a compliment would not have sounded like satire. Ad mitting, as we presume it is safe enough to do, that the bridge is an admi rable structure, the question intrudes of how there comes to be an £80,0Q0 bridge at aIL Common-sense and Mr. Watson's report prompt the enquiry, but neither of them answer it. It "must, indeed, have been a touchy sort of business where the sole refuge from sore points was to dwell upon the excellence, the massive ness, the permanence, of an £80,000 bridge, standing where no bridge and no £80,000 was required at all, had ordinary commercial principles been attended to in the construction of the work of which it formed part. The public of Queensland may draw a long breath. It may now be hoped that the last formal words have been uttered over that unhappy Brisbane and Ipswich Railway which, for years, was the bone of contention that served to create ill-feeling between two districts and towns which Nature intended to work together, and which was no sooner agreed to than it became an infliction on every one con nected with ii, a bye-word to make politicians chosen to attend to the business of the colony blush, engi neers' wince, and plain men swear. It is more cheerful to reflect that already there are practical signs that the lesson taught by this wretched busi ness, even before it was fully learned, has not been altogether lost We may turn our regards westward, and dwell with at least a hesitating satisfaction that the of this very line, which has cost for this portion of its length twenty thousand pounds per mile, is, while we write, being continued inland for three thousand pounds per mile. Yet we must pause a moment, and, warned by experience, remove some of the gilding from this last statement. Three thousand is, it js true, the contract price for con struction, but shall we not some day be told that alterations, buildings, engineer ing (save the mark!) and a hundred etceteras, have swelled the total to six thousand per mile! Time alone will show. Meanwhile it would scarcely be sagacious to indulge in too glowing anticipations of economical con-; struction in this particular instance. But even six thousand pounds per mile is prefer* able to twenty thousand. We are at least improving. Some day, perhaps, we shall be able to make railways as if we had brains and prudence, and when that day comes every district may have its own, and the country will know what is meant by the word progress. We are not dis posed to chafe because the present Min istry have no intention of proceeding with a railway policy. It would be madness, to force one on them. The fact that they shrink from the undertaking is absolute proof that they have no comprehension of its value and practicability. The men who are impressed with its im portance and feasibility are the men who have had the grasp of mind to perceive the means for its attainment. To compel others to' undertake an enterprise so grand and so .comprehensive, who have shown that it is beyond their intellectual measure, would be simply to court disaster. Persons who can imagine nothing but failure and extravagance in such under takings when entered upon on a large scale, would assuredly make good their forebodings. The man who confesses that he cannot perceive how a thing is to be done is certainly the last man who should be set to do it. Nothing would be more easy than to make a comprehensive system of public works result calamitously. To guide it to a successful issue would require the governing hand of one who had evolved in his own mind all the possi bilities, and weighed all the difficulties to be surmounted, who would subordinate all political trickeries and exigencies to the one straightforward aim, and such a man has not as yet towered above the crowd of mediocrities who figure to-day as Queensland politicians. 