THE after-dinner utterances of Ministers are not enlivening as a rule, and tlie recent speeches at Kiama and' Woolengong are 110 exceptions. There was a large amonnt of self-glorification, and ratlier more than .tlie average : quantity of depreciation of political antagonists. At Kiama, Mr. DALZET was entrusted witli tlie task of responding to -tlie; "toast of the Ministry, and.it appears that he • thought' he could: do so m no better terms than hy making Mr. PAHEES the subject of Ms whole speech. It was Sir. PAREES from opening to close ; . and many phases of that gentleman's career, from the Ejama Ghost down to Earl RSSELL'S letter,- -were referred to. Mr. DALLEY, employed Mr. PARKES as a foil to the beauty of Eiania. - Alternately he*discanted upon the nataral loveliaess of the town and the political ugliness of the man. There, can hardly be two opinions about Mr. PARKE'S love of dangling before his hearers the names : of illustrous men- with whom he affects to foe upon almost -intimate terms. : Probably' he would miss the chance of-a • portfolio about as readily as he would lose an opportunity \- of receiving' a letter fj-om a real live, r earl But this is so well known as to render Mr. DAILEY'S . comments quite : unnecessary, Everybody knows, probably, that Mr. PAIIKES will well-nigh le •worship that scrap- of paper- to .which is attached the Tenerable "BussELL"; that he- wiE pore over dictionary and: grammar until he has mastered the Principia"- sufficiently, to be• able to • prepare. a translation:, for ? the public 1 schools of the -colony. Would it not . have , been more satisfactory to the colony at large that Mr. DADLET should have told his hearers how. it .was that the Ministry. liad been guilty of so many .shortcomings ; how - it was - that he had secured the reputation of being the most indolent and utterly incompetent one that: has had . possession of r: the Treasury bench es, . Bince responsible Government was initiated. l - 'Would it: • not have been better that We should have lieard why so li"ttl4''work:'has teen imptad, and so much less done. Hie- people can find out for themselves : Mr. . J EABEE'S... failings'? as . well-;as Mr. SoBEBTSOUygj : and- the popular : desire probably at -the present time as not:-to;: • hear old enmities revived so much,as to hear recent, failings explained. ' When Mr. DAILET responded on behalf of the Ministry; we anight ^seasonably -have: believed that lie would tell Us what his -colleagues- had. done;i :for -it - is inileefl : hard to discover ii for- our,selves ; or fall-. ing this he:might have followed a -time- irao'SeeiaB-d .. ttat r-we s^ddHiear-jSr-hat tieas ...what : the future. one is io -"unfold. Mr. PAH JIBS, with all those faults S' .wldeh.Mv..I)AI."LV.,is,,so! :.sensible.p haj-dly loot baek up0n a : Sessi0n duri^ any of his owk terms of offiee, so barren of. results - as. that " whicli is now past. A review of the ministerial labours for the last year would -be eminently gratifying 'to all but 'Ministers 'themselves. To the latter it jnight prove useful, for. surely they can hardly estimate the value of their work until they draw up a summary of their proceedings. ..let it lie'sincerely hoped tliat tlie' next time Mr. DAILY is called upon to respond for the Ministary, that he will find sufficient virtue on his own side of the House without having to refer the vices, of. the opposition. 