WHAT WAS IT t Chapter I. The facts which I am about to oar- rate, thongh scarcely credible, actually occurred within my own personal know ledge, while on a visit to Gorrington Hall, situated in the county of York. Several years previous to that time, whilst passing a few weeks at Sainviile, a fashionable watering placeintheSouthof France, I accidentally became acquainted with Mrs. Lane— a lady of great per sonal attractions, then also on a visit, ! with her husband, to the same gay sea- port town. life on the Continent is more sociable and free from the conventionalities we meet with so much in our native land, ' and a few weeks had scarcely passed be fore f found myself on terms of great in timacy with my friends, and a frequent and welcome guest at their house. Mr. Lane ' was a tall delicate-looking man, of an amiable disposition and pleasing manners, and very much attached to Ins -wife — a bright lovely creature, fcnt of a rtassionate and im- perious". nature scarcely to be expected in such a petite form. A very short time sufficed to show me" that in most mafctera she did as die liked; and that he rarely thwarted her in any thing Why this was so, subsequent events showed only too plainly. After a time their visit came to an end. We parted with mutual expressions of regret, and for several years I entirely lost tight of them, till, in 186— , we were again throws .together, though under very different circumstances. To my great emprise, 1 .learnt that during the Intervening time Mia lane had become a widow ; and after mourning her hus band scarcely a twelvemonth had again martied, muckto the indignation of. her first' husband's relations. With her second . husband, J "Was told, quite a romantic story was connected ; behaving loved her in seerei; and with all the misery of unrequited love, from her girlhood. In the winter of the same year I re ceived, a pressing invitation from my friend's mother(whose acquaintance I had also formerly made at Sainviile) to spend a couple of months with her at Gorring- ton Hall, adding, as an additional in ducement, that her daughter Mia. Serle and her husband were also coming to spend some little time with her, and that she was most anxious to introduce her second spouse iu me, and .to resume our old acquaintance. After a little de liberation, I accepted the invitation. O, how. often have . I arretted having doneeo ! How much suffering should I harelibeen spared i and howmany sights, of which even the recollection seems like a hideous dream X Bat X will not antici- pate. . When I arrived at Gomngton Wall, Ireceived .a most warm .welcome from Jfrs.'.Ashton, who, seeing that X was much fatigued .by. my long journey, in sisted on my taking some refreshment, and then resting for a few hours before making my appearance at the dinner- table. My bedroom, a large mid hand somely -furnished chamber, was on the first floor, and opened into a large dreary passage ;nt ihe farther end of which, wen at that early period, I noticed a strange-looking door. Several other bedrooms opened into the same passage. X mention these particulars in order to render what follows more easily understood. Fatigue prevented my notic ing more just then, and Xfril asleep only to awake at the sound of the dlnner- beU. ... When I entered the drawing- room, I was much struck by a strange dreary look-in -the appearance of the room ; which, notwithstanding- the biasing fire onfeejbearth, impressed me wifea feel ing of chilliness, for whichT/conld not account. ' The entrance pf- my hqstes and the arrival of jhegnests she had asked to meet me, sodn, bo'wever'disptiled these uncomfortable sensations. One . of the first arrivals, a, 'Mr. Bluett, at once. attracted my. attention.; ; Hie was a man' of striking appearance; and about r forty tojnetSingTeMyj noble and .commanding in hia air,. j flis eyes, ,were1,keem./penetoing ; aafi: foito whdjwnewyjtoiare pressed in iineim'eht; pf;-hSS;'rfecB.,' wordsfeatfle spoke impressed me favour ably/rind X lmmiattiy felt asikriach "-at; my .ease as if XXioifeliim&ryeare.; I c6iild Jnot "hdp being struck /bytflb" anfesty feat flu£5l3v« Mm Asbtofig free caehfene he addressed aecrefly wondmed what ooid.iX5«ti»e; canse'ofit Later Snthe evening Ilearnt that jfcBluettwould.probably, be'fcer rised me, as she had 3»tprevioasly men tioned the fact of life-«xpecting another visitor nt the HnJL Gn his part he seemed also 8urpiisea,andtiddsitohehiBdiHAbeeii ' informed if my intended visit : ondhis YfilVnflere die with her first husband, Mr. Laa a Her fascinating manners and lively disposition greatly attracted me, and we became very intimate. For a year I lost right of her; bat last year learnt, to my surprise, that riie had married again, after only a year's widowhood." Our conversation was here interrupted by a deep moan, which seemed to proceed from some source dose at hand. Mr. Bluett sprang to his feet, whilst I turned in alarm to Mrs. Ashton, perceiving that a deadly pallor had overspread, her face at the strange sound. Recovering her self with a strong effort from this sadden terror, she rose and rang the bell, and desired the servant who answered it to ; take lights and search the house tho roughly, in' order to discover the cause. Mr. Bluett left the room with him, hav ing volunteered to rid him in his effort to solve the mystery ; and Mrs. Ashton tried to reassure me, saying it Was per haps foolish to take so much troable about such a trifle. Mr. Blnett returned after a short ab sence, having been quite unsuccessful in his search ; and although he made light of it, (paying, "It must have been our fancy, or perhaps caused by some sadden gustqf wind," I could not help remark- in that he looked very grave. . :. After I had retired to rest that night, I was unable to dispel the uncomfortable feelings left by this strange incident, and X remained awake for some time, vainly Courting sleep which refused to visit my wearied eyelids. At last I fell into a slight dose, from which, however, I was soon roused by sounds, the recollection of which even now causes me to shudder, as at the remembrance of some horrid night-mare, so associated are they in my mind with the temple events which fol lowed — the account of which must be reserved for another chapter. chapter n. Though many years have elapsed since the events which I now narrate actually happened, they are as vividly impressed on my mind as if but of yesterday's occur ence. All my life I had been a disbe liever iu what are commonly called " ghosts," and being naturally of a fear less spirit, was not likely to fall easily a prey to any such morbid &llacies;, as I then deemed them. The jErst impression Ireceived on being so Suddenly awakened from sleep, was that the sound 1 beard-was in some way -connected with a dream ;but there could be ,no such explanation now, for X was as thoroughly awake as if X had not closed my -eyes at all Yes, there it was again ! It was no strange and dread ful dream, but unmistakable reality — a deep unearthly moan, filling the silence of that night with its mournful cadence. Brave asl was, it thrilled my soul with a nameless dread and horror that for a time utterly incapacitated me from mov ing much' lees from seeking to discover the cause. . At leugthjconquering these feelings by a strong effort, I hastily threw on some clothing, and re-lighted the wax-candles on the toilet table. Then, as it struck me that possibly some one was ill and requir ing assistance,. I tried to dismiss the un comfortable sensations that still possessed me, and, candle in hand, I advanced to the door. Bat my footsteps were arrest ed by another sound — a heavy tread as cending the stairs, and approaching my door. My conjectures, then, might still be right with regard to illness, and I hastily threw open the door, but I could see no one ; and yet, sorely I could not ; be mistaken ! Those footsteps seemed familiar to me, and I paused to consider whose they could possibly be, when once more I heard them receding along the passage, till, on leaching the stairs, they halted tor a while, and then slowly des cending, gradually died away in the dis tance. Not knowing what to think, I retraced my steps, and tried to persuade myself that I was the victim of some hoax ; and somewhat angry with myself for feeling alarmed, I once more retired to rest, though not to sleep, for through out the long weary hours the same sounds recurred till daybreak, and with (he light I gained the sleep for which I craved, At breakfast that morning Mr.- Bluett observed my pale and wearied looks, and kindly enquired whether I had slept well, as he did so, I noticed on Mrs. 4.ahtou's face a sodden flush, and wondered what in those-Xjfw Words could have' ejmoyed her. But nothing farther occurred ; and when the morning meal was ended, Mr, Bluett suggested a turn in the fresh air, and offered to show me the beautiful grounds belonging to the Hall , To this I readily agreed, as '/the sun was shining brightly. and l Mt that the keen frosty ejr would refresfoinm after my troubled night, Jjjg flayTjias pale and cloudless, and the surfs V?y& though devoid of warmth, mvested eyeiything around with a cheerful radiance'; the trees and b|isbe$ glistened ' with icicles, and scarlet berries peeped from beneath their pure white shroud, ©fsijpw, Vrbiph had fallen heavily during the flight? and now lay thickly, covering the ground. - The beauty of the scene forayrhile drove from my mind. . all qnplfeflggfc thoughts, and we <hatted merrily op in.- different subjects, till a sadden turning of our path brciqpftJtteonce more in view offee.house, when a strange silence unwittingly "risflJ .'b/r'.lBgtiaiifigW wdl as "inysd£ This he' at laatfobke 3>y saying; . #< Wfe flot tirat a etrange'occuneflce last evening. Miss. Wynne ? T hau IsesreelyfeeEeve feefl'jye fenMhavebeeii aiflsfifrenae tofee pMuliar, future offee fecund we heard, and yet toecantos riearfee house, torohn'a'Lsearihnd' eraywheremostwittief suhinedltKe igrduhd -41to,l4wtr%ot-flfri'e: lightest troce";<ff<he;stobtStejor .man or.heatiwm'tilfleohtlmnnbrdketi "wbiiiSS, -believer in . the mtperstitioas, I muht frel inriir tolfriilitjhougej Irinhfj-biriwnfflOehtiblep "So I at first imaned ; for I must tell yon, Miss Wynne, the same sounds prevented my sleeping ; and being de termined to find out if it were so, I care fully examined thehouse, but could see nothing, although, when traversing the long corridor, I distinctly heard a heavy footstep before me, which gradually died away in ' the distance as I stopped to listen to it. T must confess that I feel completely baffled; for had it been a hoax played by one .of the servants, I must have discovered it after the pains I took to do so. But here comes our hostess ; let us drop the subject, for tiie might possibly feel alarmed." That afternoon, having some purchases, to make, I drove into the small fitiiing village adjoining. Mrs. Ashton begged me to excuse her accompanying me, pleading, a bad headache. It was a quaint little place, consisting merely of a few fishermens' cottages, diversified by several small shops — the principal of them bring tire post-office, to whhfr let ters came in small numbers and at rare intervals — and clustered round the church. There were also a few farms iu "the neighbourhood. Having completed my purchases, X directed the Bhopman to send them to Gomngton Half, and was leaving the shop, when he said, " I beg your psrdon, ma'am, but did ypu say Gorrington Sail ?" " Yes £ am staying there with Mrs. Ashton, and will thank you to let me have my parcel with as little delay as possible." What had I arid that caused the little : man to look so scared f Musing on this, I re-entered the carriage, but could think of nothing in the few words I addressed to him that could possibly have pro duced that sudden change in his manner and appearanoe ; and beginning to doubt whether fee was in his right mind, I de termined to ask my hostess,' on my re turn home, whether such was the case. In the evening our conversation hap pened to turn on the beauties of the surrounding neighbourhood, and re membering my afternoon's adventure, I 8aid: . "Can you tell me; Mia. Ashton, any thing respecting S— — , the liuendraper (if such he may be called) in Oombef His manner was so peculiar at one time, that I doubted whether the poor man was in his right mind, especially when I desired him to send some articles I had purchased to Goirington Hall, which seemed suddenly to petrify him with astonishment." " I do not know much of Combe or its inhabitants," she replied evasively, at the time endeavouring to conceal the deep flush that overspread her features at my words. Mystery on mystery 1 I began to feel that there was something in the air of Gorringtqn which strangely affected every one with whom I came in contact.- Mr. Bluett, who was engaged in looking at a book of prints, nnconscions of what had passed, remarked upon the quaintness of the little firiiing town and the simple nature of the inhabitants, adding. "By the way, that reminds me of a queer old fisherman I met on the beach this afternoon. He seemed well ac quainted with Goirington and most of its residents — amongst others, with poor Mr. Lane. " I was not aware, Mrs. Ash ton, that he had ever resided here." Mrs. Ashton seemed too much over come to reply immediately. Surely, I thought, she must have been very much attached to her son-in-law to be so much affected by the mere mention of his name' after such a lapse of time, lie- covering herself, however, she said : "My poor son-in-law bought this house several years previous to his death — indeed, he spared neither money nor pains in furnishing it and laying out the grounds. Being naturally fond of flowers, he spent a great part of Ms time iu their cultivation. My daughter has never had the heart since his loss to care for them, which accounts for their pre sent neglected'state. Ah ! his death was indeed a sad blow to as all, and T never thought my daughter could have got over it, so completely prostrated was she by the crashing trial ; I too felt it most deeply. Poor Arthur !" Her words were here interrupted by tjre sflUJe unearthly moan that had so startled ss the preceding night, never to be forgotten in its deep wailing anguish. Again and and again it thrilled our horror:striCkeh souis with an intensity that; ' for the moment, rendered us in capable of action. An ioy breath fanned our .cheeks, and a strange rustling seemed to fill the air, and then all was still The, first/thing I saw on recovering my self-possession was Mr. Bluett bending, over Mrs. Asfaton's inanimate form ; for she had fainted, and it was long before the restoratives we applied had the de- sired effect '0 reviving her. Never; to my dying day, snail I forget the terror depicted in hereyes as she slowly opened them, and exclai ming in horror-stricken iphto, "G? for Heaven's sake, pity me ; iavemesiey'flB JUS, Of kill me at olice P- griu relapsed ipto qnpopapnpijesa / 1 _ CHABI3EB HL ' isev&al; houjs passed before Mrs. Ash ton completely recovered the - shock parsed by the cirpumstances recorded above/And put «f ponsideratiou for her fefclirigs T Tefrrihed 'from making any comment on their extraordinary nature, (At lengft she frjlioto a quiet dumber, and leaving her In the writge itnrid, i returned to my. room to think ver/the/lato .strange cyents. . Dron ing .an arm-chair to the fire-side, I muBed p /whil ,but JMled - jto arrive at any. djafactory ponplufiiDiL There could feenodoubtpow es ttohs peality of the. jSoniuT we bad heard, " but whence jt prey fienetrabtornyateiy./ 5fee strangest j/oint Mb; 'jH'-fopnd; judgment ; as it i Wasusris (to :splveit»o w> and to-moreowX would hgahi ask Ms opinion qn dhe . Heto toy, - Wd' ijjejsmeit; to - ytopwfi .ainutg' to; luyreadera, jhhricxpiatothjstqnr roqui toat: What could it posribly be I Yes 1 there it was again, the sounds coming clear and distinct on tike still night air ; and I counted one — two — three dull blows, as if caused by a heavy body fidling against the door. To say the least of it, this Was most strange and exciting. After all, -was it possible that there was some truth in old superstitions, and that the house was really " haunted ¥' But no ! I would not entertain such a foolish notion, so opposed to all my old convictions. Surely my nerves were becoming strangely af fected by the air of Goirington, and I most ronse myself and take air and exercise. Here my cogitations were again cat short; and this time by no mare fancy, for Mrs. Ashton herself threw; open my door, and advanced tremblingly towards me. She looked very pale sol wan, as I saw at the first glance ; but what most impressed me at the time was in expres sion of nameless terror that jseemed to pervade every lineament of hw counten ance. Much shocked at herriipearance, I enquired fee cause. ' " " X scarcely know myself," she replied; and still shaking in eveiy limb, Bhe sank into the chair X had just quitted. " Only let me stay here wife you, I implore you. I cannot remain in that room alone ; it will kill me !" And shnddering at some fearful recollection, she covered her face with her hands. I tried to calm her, and partially suc ceeded; and having induced her to lie down and rest on my bed, I determined to sit up all night in case she should again require assistance, as she was evi dently suffering severely from some sud den shock to her nervous system. But I knew not what was before me, and never shall I forget feat night's experience. Even my own stout spirit had quailed already, and now it was to eodure far greater terror. Through fee long night watches paced those unwearied footsteps, only pausing to make the night-air echo with that moan of more than mortal anguish, the" wail as of a lost spirit doomed to the blackness of despair. These were not the only disturbers of my rest. Strange rustlings— doll thuds, as of some heavy body striking the floor, the wall, the door — resounded from the adjoining room ; whilst at times an icy breath seemed to pervade the very room iu which I sat, till I sMvered with the cold, and held my breath tremblingly until it passed away. At length morning dawned, and gradually the sounds sub-, sided as on the night before, when, ut terly exhausted, I fell into a heavy sleep. I know not how long I slept, bat when at last I awoke, I found that Mrs. Ashton had quitted the chamber with out disturbing me, and feat the morning was evidently pretty far advanced, for fee sun's rays were beaming brightly into the room. After a hasty toilette; I descended to fee breakfast-room, where I found Mr. Bluett alone. He soon in formed me that Mis. Ashton had sud denly left fee room to see someone who had called on business, and that she had requested that we would not wait break fast for her, as she might possibly be engaged for some tin&jrifh; her visitor." " I may conclude," Fsaid, " that Mrs. Ashton is better this morning. I con fess her state rather alarmed me last night." "Yes; she wll not allow that she feels ill this morning ; but I conld not but notice her pale wan looks. I trust that you have passed a quiet night, Miss Wynne, althongh I can scarcely hope bo, judging from my owu experience of sounds wMch in this house make the night weary and sleepless." " I cannot give a better account of my own," I replied, " for the night has been a dreadful one to me ;" and I proceeded to relate what had occurred. He looked very grave, and remained silent. After a time; and with a troubled look, he said to me, "I think I ought to let you know' what X gleaned yesterday from the old fisherman, whom I met in my walk, re specting the reputation wMch this resi dence has gained in the - neighbourhood. £ give "you credit for possessing a brave spirit, or I should hesitate to say Any thing feat might increase your present uneasiness. The old man hinted that some dark crime was supposed to have been committed here, -and that in con sequence of it fee house wss haunted with terrible sounds and sights. I smiled at this narrative, and the old man grew, quite excited and angry, and left me, muttering ' Time will show, sir, if ; Joe speaks fee truth or na' Now, certainly common sense precludes my believing this, and yet I am completely mystified at what I have experienced here, for it is impossible to doubt fee evidence of one's own senses as to the actual existence of these strange sounds. Sometimes I am led to think, from Mis. Ahhton's manner, feat she knows more respecting their Cause than she chooses to- acknowledge; and there jnay fre a motive for fee con cealment. Perhaps ypu arp pot aware of fee fact; feat .iny principal -object ..in visiting- Goirington Hall-was to see it snaking final arropgembnls relative to its purphase. . - f' Jt appears that took a violent dislike , tq jt as a residence after her poor husband's death, and conld not bp ipdnped jb.ilv in it again ; and this was -not much to bp wondered at consi- dering fee sad circumstances. I believe that this js tbe first , time since his death that eyen her mother has consented-to spend any time w U» But" it could not be avoided, as it was expedient that one of the family shorfd be here to superin tend different matters before the properly passed qutpfthnir;hands altogether. ; : " I am, however, hesitating whether I tyill conclude the purchase till this 'mys tery Jiengs-tovsr the honse can be pleared uptomyriEMiifl.O." " What yoii say surprises me ,ye/y jnuuV 1 "replied. " I Bad not fee slightest notion ttat: Mis. Ashton, . or jrath.er lfta. Herfe -fee sale of: ihieptotos. It seems strange that it j never jhopld hive betofajtotipped tom.e; ;buttorhapsfeeeyent8df.,pas|;fewj dayS have put it out of her memoiy. You j may rely on my not. allowing myself to f fefl »py 'feplijjh toann respecting whst ! you have told me j'biit indeed. I feoqld j je glad to have fee mystery solved, and jfrill gladly assist you, as fir as I tan, in bringing towutthat desirable resul\\.»' j i tound;' of toad and jangry yoices in fee hall and ', torn up in a woollen comforter, which pre vented my seeing his features, as he passed the windows of our room. What was there in this last simple wrapper to rivet my attention ? Sorely I had Been it before, it seemed bo familiar to me ; and yet bow could this be f The rest of the man,s dress was coarse and slovenly, and the style not correa ponding with the fine colour and texture -of fee neck-wrapper, as I noticed when he again passed the house a few- minutes afterwards. Mr. Bluett seemed riveted by bis appearance ; and he remained watching him till he was lost to sight On this occasion a servant accompanied him, canytog a large carpet-bag. On Mrs. Ashton's return to the room, : shortly after the. man's deparLure, she rallied ns on our serious looks; but, though she spoke gaily, I could easily see feat her manner was only assumed to Mde some recent agitation, traces of which still remained on her countenance. "I have just received a letter from my daughter," she said, " informing me feat unexpected circumstances requite their immediate return to England, and that we shall see them here very shortly." We expressed pleasure at such welcome news, fed Mr. Bluett inquired whether they intended to stay long at Gomng ton. , " Well, no," she replied, much to my surprise ; " Mrs. Serle only speaks of spending a few hours with us, but her letter conveys' her regret at feis, with the hope that you, Miss Wynne- and Mr. Bluett, will soon pay her a visit at her new residence, Glenville House. She seems most anxious that I should quit this house before Christmas ; but I am doubtful whether that can be managed, asl have still much- to do in many ways" " X trust you will allow me to help you, my dear Mrs. Ashton, for I shall be most happy to be useful," I replied. "Thank you much, dear; it was my intention to ask your assistance after lunch in looking over some things that are stored away in the lumber-room." Her words startled me, but X -repressed all outward signs of what I felt Mr. Bluett how left fee room, saying feat he 'should -ride ever to Whitby, our nearest post town, to see his man of busi ness about the speedy settlement of affaire in connection with Gorrington Hall, -declining Mrs. Ashton's pressing request that he :Would postpone his ride till after Innch.. ; I secretly wondered how he would act in the present conjuncture : to say fee least of it, his position was a very perplexing one, and from its very nature could not be spoken of to Mrs. Ashton. , When lunch was ended, my companion rose from the table, saying feat the day being short it would be well not to delay our work in .fee lumber-room, but com mence at once. So a few minutes later found us traversing the long corridor on our way to fete apartment; not without much secret misgiving on my part as to. fee result ' Listen to fee howling of fee wind," she exclaimed, before she entered the room ; " I fear .that Mr. Blnett will be caught in the storm which is evidently brewing. Whilst- she was yet speaking, the door of fee lumber-room shook violently, and through the key.hole wailed a prolonged mourof ul note, strangely like fee sound which had so startled us before. How ever, I tried to make light of fee matter for my companion's sake, who was evi dently of a very nervous temperament, and taking ' fee key from her fingers, I turned it in the lock, and threw fee door open. Chaptee xv. . Was it the close, sickly tor of fee room which made me feel such, a deadly fitot- ness that I was forced to lean against the wall for support i It was true that the tor was heavy from fee tight closing of the windows, and feat this might be the cause of my oppression ; so I begged to have them opened. The fresh tor re vived me, and X looked round fee apart ment. It was of moderate size, and had evi dently been used as a bedroom, but not recently, as the furniture was shrouded in dust, and long cobwebs hung every where from the dusky ceiling. The principal article of furniture was a pon derous gloomy-looking chest, which stood at the ' farther end, and was strange in. shape, and. so unlike any I had ever seen, feat I wondered what could be its contents. A drugget was rolled up iu one corner, and a- carpet partially covered fee floor. It was strange that all this should be so vividly impressed on my mind In that one hasty glance ; but so it was ; and with such singular distinct-1 ness, that fee lapse of years has in no way effaced it from my memory. But X must continue my story. At inv side was Mrs. Ashton,' who informed me that in fee chest we should fiiid our appointed work, if I would take the key ap4 opep it for her. I tried ttfdo so, jint ihp lopk .".ws# rpsty, apd "> foretime .resisted my efibrte. " " AtTeiigtft tbver. it opened,' and a etrange spectacle Of dis order met my eyes. Piled one. on another iu a confpsed heap, apd as if hurriedly thrown id,, lay various articles of man's attire. "Hut in all feistfrere wgs.nofeitig' very dnt of fee way, and yet my eyes seemed fascinated, ana compelled to "gate into fee . deep recesses of that gloomy Chest. My companion's voice . soon roused me, saying, "I fear that you will dislike this un- pieasant task, my dear; and perhaps I ought; not to have engaged your services. But to be candid with ypii, I am "feeling quite unnerved by the bccurrencea last few idayis, and T. desired cbmpaniph Chip while sorting feese clotbre, tq irie a melancholy task." . " : . . "Po not feink of spolqgtefag, dear Sib. Ashton > f am only too happy to be made useful; and l turned gfei fewards fee "and proceejqeq |» hand to her some of its contents .; But why did I suddenly drop one of the '/st articfte. I drew out f It wqsi brily a coat of dark-gray cfoth, aiid yet it dropped froin my fingers as if it had burnt them. YeB ; there was no. mte- liake that it was7?te/ I recognised jt at once, and a cold shudder crept over - my ftemei and iny Cyes. were, riveted op the dark-brown spots which discoloured" the breast and sleeves.. . I know not how long -my silent gaze may: have iasted, bat it, was broken by Mrs.- Ashton's voice, which' %fredchangl.nDd sufifios; her own. am fhdeed idtefressedi'v.ehfr -fii&fc; ifeat yhu shbtfid have seeq this painful memento of poor Arthur's death. I thonght it had long ago been dretroyed." "But those terrible stains f T gasp ingly inquired. " They ' were the results of fee fafrd manner of his death, when he destroyed himself," she stod in awe- struck tones ; while in the distance again sounded that fearful wail, growing louder -and louder as it came nearer, and seemed to fill fee air around ub with its -awful presence. How long we thus 'remained I cannot tell. . To me it Beemed an age ; but at length it was still, and recovering from the terror which had overpowered me, I assisted my hfllfAinting companion into 1 her room, and ringing for -her maid, I' left her and harried down to fee drawing- room, hoping jthere to find Mr. Bluett, and inform him of what had just occurred ; far wife all my struggles to be brave, I felt that I could not much longer endure such a coo tinned stain upon my nerves. - I found him pacing the room in an- excited state ; and on seeing me he ex claimed, "I- lave been waiting to see you, wife great impatience; for fee last half- hour, Miss Wynne, for I have some start ling disclosures to make to you. ; but; first I must ask you whether you have1 heard feat strange sonnd again. I think X can -discover- from your 'alarmed ap pearance that yon have." : ' Yon are right," I'replied ; " but ter rible as that is, it is nothing to what I have experienced a few minutes since and I proceeded to give him an account of what had juBt occurred. ' It was a great shock to me," I added, "to hear' from Mrs. Ashton that - poor Mr. Lane had destroyed himself ; for I had always till to- day been under fee impression feat his death, thongh'sndden, was the result of disease. ' ' It seemB very strange that Mrs. Ashton toiould never have mentioned it to me ; and I must confess feat a painfnl suspicion is awakened in my mind by feis singular reticence. I have so far, wife some success, fought against superstitions fears, but begin to yield somewhat to them under fee -influ ence of' the late mysterious circum stances, 'Botlet me not -delay your communication." " Well, without farther -preamble, . I must -tell yon that I felt mnch perplexed this morning ou hearing of Mrs. Serfe'a unexpected return, involving as it does fee necessity of my speedily coming to a decision about the pnrchase'of this pro perty. Accordingly I determined to see my lawyer, and place fee whole matter before him ; that is, sis far, as the -peculiar nature of the circumstances permitted. ' " He did not eeem so much surprised as I had expected, and said that what I communicated only tended to confirm his own ODinions : and he nroceeded to tell me that his suspicions having been aroused by some strange remarks he had heard, he had tried to unravel fee mystery which seemed to surround Gorrington Hall and its inmates, and had gleaned the fallowing facts. " That there could be no doubt that the honse had the reputation of being ' haunted, and that reports were afloat in the neighbourhood concerning fool play in connection wife fee fate owner's death ; feat for many months previous to that event; it was given ont that Mr. Lane was insane, and as such that he had been confined a prisoner in his own honse. Also, that 'at fee time of his death, and of- fee coroner's inquest sub sequently held, several very suspicious circumstances transpired, . but that for waDt of evidence no other- verdict could be returned than ' Felo-de-se.' -He also informed me of a fact sew to me till then, namely, that he had himself been acquainted wife Mr. Lane, and after wards with Mr. Serle on fee occasion of preparing the marriage settlements, when tie spent a night wife him at Gorrington; and he remembered having been very much struck by Mr. Serle's nervous and excited manner, bat attributed it . at the time to the painfnl associations of the place- In the middle of fee night, too, he rushed suddenly .into Mr. Bates's apartment; looking very white and scared, and, exclaimiiq; feat he could not bear to sleep alone in that house, begged to be allowed to remain wife him till morn ing. Our mutual conclusion was, feat viewed in fee present light, all that had lately occurred looked most . suspicions, and, in some way or other, connected with fee former incidents. " By the way, Mtes. Wynne, have yon . ever met Mrs. Ashton's husband ?" "Mrs. Ashton's husband.!"' I: ex claimed; "I didnot know, that fee had one, as t always supposed feat , she had been for some -yews a widow.. It is Btrange feat neither Mis. Ashton nor, Mrs. -Serle should have mentioned it to me." If what Mr. Bates told, me be correct, fete, is not so much fe be won dered at, perhaps, for fee married veiy much beneath her; and in addition to. this, he is said to be a man of fee vilest character. I have an idea feat fee person who visited- her this morning, whose ilblooking appearance j we both remarked, was. none other than Mrs. Ashton's husband.";;. , : .. ,,j ', . , " If so, fee plot . thickens,". ,1 .said; "far when he paa5ed ;fee window I %as particularly struck iby . fee appearence.plf a comforter in whife he was muffled, for i instantly- recognised -it; from its peculiar oolour and. pattern, as having >peh one whife I had seen on some former, occasion ; and on thinking it oyer again, it caine back tq. my mind feat .it had once belonged to. Mr. lone. Yon will wonder how I could so exactly re- member so trivial a .circamstaiice ; but fee fact te, that on ' the occasaon . of Ub phrfease X.was'wife him and his wife in the feop st Bainvilie," when we had,£ discoBrion as "to its peculiar colour and' appearance ; fed . -Mr. -Lane's singular choice was often afterwards, made a little snlyect of joke fed mfrrriment to us. But talking of this reminds me of. that ofeer articte of dress .belonging to the poor maq— that bioAtaibeA coat of bis. Have you ever fieapi of any cir cumstances that mfrt throw soine light on fee actual facts connected With bis death 1" ; 'I ' .."Hone of mdfe importance ; for Mc. Bates .was in Ireland at fee tifoe of the poor fellow's deafe so that be did not; learn many particulars of feh affur ; but on his' ietorn, some time after, he told; me .that the weapon, wife which Mr, Lcne inflicted fee mortal wound was a .pistol belonging to M/. Serle, which he had taken from hte: frifed's ropm during his absence.. Mr. Berle had for many: yrara been on mtimCfe terinawith fee. family ait Ghimngfen, and was, at that time staying wife feem. Mr. Bates. also conridered it a very suspicions circuutetance, that althongh he -called on Mr. Lane several times before his de parture for Ireland, he was not ad mitted, nor could he ever agun get a glimpse of bim, mnch as he desired it bn many acconnts. — Bat I hear Mrs. Ash ton's voice-in the hall ; so let us change fee subject, it being of importance that she should not be aware of our .sus picions." Whilst he was yet speaking, Mrs.: Ashton entered with an open letter. -in her hand saying, " I have just received a pressing invitation' from my "friend Mis. . Mowbray, whohas a nice place. in feis, neighbourhood. She begs, me io take pity on her . loneliness in fee absence of her family, and hopes feat you. Miss. Wynne and Mr. Blnett, will waive1 etiquette, mid excuse fee shortness of: fee invitation to dine wife her this even ing at seven o'clock. She adds, that the, drive being a long one, she hopes feat we i will do her. fee .favour to remain fpr.the night, and return after lunch tomorrow." ' ' I made no objection to this .; for I really , fait -glad at fee idea of a little, change mid a qniet : night away, from Gorrington. Mr. JBlnett excnBeditimself from the visit, on the plea that he most; write two or three letters of importance for fee Indian mail. He soon after left fee room, and we retired to prepare far. : our projected visit. < The evening was very cold, and. we fait quite chilled by our long, drive; and were glad to reach Dnnster. House; where we received a kind welcome from ; Mrs. Mowbray, a, lady, of prepossessing manners and appearance- , The evening, sped! on very, pleasantly ; but. I was not sorry when fee time, arrived for ns to retire for the . night, .which I passed, quietly, and arose fee next morning, much refreshed in body .and mind Breakfast was scarcely ended when a' messenger arrived wife a .telegram for Mrs. Ashton from .Mrs. Serle, forwarded by Mr. Bluett from Gorrington. It was to announce Mrs. Serle's arrival at her. own, house, and a. projected visit to Gorrington in fee afternoop of the same day.' As.tbte required, our earlier return, we could not. remain for lqacb, but at once departed on our way homeward. On reaching the lodge we were in- formed featcMr.' and Mr& Sede bad: already arrived. When the first greetings were -over,- I' began to notice a great: change -in Mrs, Serie's appearance and manner since Lhad last seen her. She had fast mnch of her beanty; and looked many years older, while about her " there was a restless anxiety " totally unlike her farmer brilliant and lively demea nour, My farmer friend had evidently married a V6:y handsome man, tall :md well made ; but there was about him an sir of gloom and abstraction which Beemed habitual to him, and quite marred fee beanty of bis fine features. Like his wife, he appeared to labour under a feeling of "restraint -and uneasi- ness ; and . thinking that . perhaps it might be caused by -fee . presence of a: stranger,-! proposed to Mr. Blnettfeat- we should take a stroll iu the .park while, the weather remained fine, far there were strong indications in the heavens of. a coming storm. I thought that he fait much relieved ; by fee proposal; far 'he caught eagerly at fee prospect of a walk, and 'we left the room, glad to escape from fee gloom . and oppression feat seemed to have settled down on . it more heavily than ever since the new arrivals. As the weather was so threatening, I went upstairs for an additional shawl As I entered my room I felt a sadden thrill -of alarm that I could not account for, and when I: turned to leave it an incident occurred that struck me with fresh terror.' I was hastily catching up my shawl, when my foot -caught in the carpet; and X fell' to the ground. In doing, so X moved a large covered chair, when my eye suddenly caught a glimpse under neath it of a paper soiled and crumpled. Something impelled me to take it op and examine it, when I perceived that it was a note hurriedly pencilled, and the handwriting seemed familiar to me. The first "words ran feus -"I write this in a last forlorn hope that it may reach the eyes of some one who will re lease me from this crnel captivity. lam a prisoner in my own house, cut off from all communication wife the world by—" ; The rest was;"obliteratea,and I hurried downstairs with fee terrible "Witness in my hand.' Mr. Blnett saw at trace that something had occurred, and toeing feat I was much overcome fee 'gave, me his arm, and we proceeded " towards the garden. When a . little recovered I told him what I had fonnd, and tfeat I recognised the writing as Mr. Lane's. " Here, then we have evidence that he really was confined in this house fen false pretences, for these «e not the "words of an insane men ;" and fee then read out to me., the following . sentences; : whife, bring written on fee inner page, X haH nto bbseryed':— . . ' " I know, feat It te said feat I" am ;®ad ; but fee -story te as false' as those who fav'eifrvented it Perhaps it would be. better if it were so, for. feed I should not suffer fee torments . I how do. I have "been 'compelled to sign a will, and give fcer all l ppssess ; and l expect fee. next step will" 'be to deprive "me'of life, ' snd tiai — -O God I the very thought te agony !— Have pity on me, for they have mmsf > My tears" fall fast at there words of despairing Anguish, and my companiou .was almost overcome; but wife more -of rage than even sorrow in his tones, he said, " The wretches 1 O, feat feey conld be brought to justice 1" We spoke hot far a few minutes, and continued our rapid -walk .till we arrived at a garden-seat, where, notwithstanding fee cold, I frit that I. must rest awhile. After a time Mr? Bluett saiflC " Itis quactofrhtobie how fete paper frhould favc found its ..way into yonr room, and to .fee. plapa where you dis- covered it. Can you throw any light on "fete mystery 1" - ' : " None whatever," I replied. - " I cannot imagine any .other way," .said he, than feat it :may have dropped from tke coat when you took it out of3 fee fetofeid jn some manner got con- veyed into yonr. room by yonrself Per- faafe fe'maylteve feufet in fee folds of clothes feMyou fraw fetoe fel evidentlj been thrown into fee chest io burried dis- order, and perhaps by one of fee guilty parties, suffering from the terror and confusion that so foul a deed would necessarily occasion. .During yonr ab sence I took . the "liberty of examining the two rooms, and to my surprise fouod that" fee door between them was un locked. In fee lumber-room I made another discovery, fixing still farther the guilt of tills awful transaction. On a careful examination of fee floor and carpet; I found that one part of the carpet had been removed, and another piece substituted for it. This I raised and to my horror discovered beneath it - those peculiar brownish-yellow stains of blood which no time obliterates in wood: On fee wainscot and the panels of the door were also the marks of violent kicks and blows, as from some poor despairingvretch ; and the lower panels had been partly repaired with newer wood than the rest The windows, I also found, had been strongly barred with iron. From all this I concluded that feat room was fee one in which fee poor fellow was confined, and that be there met his tragical and cruel death fpr I cannot doubt now that, instead of dying by his -own hand,Jbe. an-.- to fti. end by a most .foul murder. But we csn do notJiiBg to bring the guilty ones toUstice, without far more positive evidence than we now possess, even if we ourselves felt quite certain of their criminality. As I feel much perplexed bow to act in fete wretched business, I shall communicate wife my friend Bates, and shall most certainly desire him not ,to take any -'farther step as to the pur chase of this ill-omened property ; and I shall be glad to feel feat I have washed my. hands of the business. And may I ask what are your plans, Miss Wynne 1" "Well, I find myself placed in a moBt .painfnl position, and I feel much per plexed in' respect to it ; but I think there can be no donbt feat I must leave feis place immediately, " I must; how ever, give some reason for my abrupt departure. Do you think it would be advisable to - show the mother and daughter "the paper I have so strangely found, fed acknowledge that grave sus picions have been ronsed in me by all fee strange . circumstances of the last week, and feat feey oblige me to leave immediately i" - "Perhaps itwould be better not to do this at once, as we possess no actual proofo of a crime having been com mitted; but I should rather advise you to endeavour, if possible, to' bring for ward, in fee course of conversation, something that may lead to the circum stances of Mr. Lane's death ; and thus you might hear their version of the matter. You could, perhaps, judge of feeir complicity by fee effect produced on ' them by your words ; and then produce fee paper, and require an ex planation of its contents. I need not say that yon may rely on -my fullest help and assistance in every way." I decided on taking his advice, and thanked him for his kindness in thus offering to assist me should I require it Chapter V. On my entering the drawing-room, I observed that Mrs. Ashton and her daughter were engaged in earnest conver sation ; but . it ceased abruptly on my appearance, and Mrs. Serle, rising from the sofa, expressed a hope feat I would excuse the shortness of her visit, as she was most unfortunately obliged to return bome for fee night, but that she hoped X would shortly visit her at her own house, to renew our former friendship. As she uttered fee words, the rain began to fall 1 in torrents, whilst heavy gusts of wind proclaimed fee approach of even wilder weather. " If fete storm lasts, we must give up our idea of leaving to-night, my dear Julia," said her husband, as he entered fee room. " The weather te terrible, and we cannot think of going out in such a storm." " Indeed, we must, Edmund, even if it .blows a hurricane. Yon well know that imperative business requires us to be at home to-night,,' she petulantly re plied. " Then we must wait till the storm hjte somewhat abated ; for it wonld be crael to take fee horses out in such a tempest Only listen to fee hail and Bleet which are driving against the win dows 1" It was indeed a terrific storm, and wife no chance of amendment It soon became evident that, willing or not Mrs. Serle would not be able to return to her home feat night ; and an expression of great- anxiety and vexation overspread the countenances of both, especially that of Mis. Serle, as the storm continued to increase in violence. I began to feel somewhat puzzled as to how I should now introduce the subject that was weighing so heavily on my mind, when Mr. Bluett entered the room, And AfMrfifsincr MmeeTfin mo oavr? . "This is indeed a terrible storm, Miss Wynne." " Yes ; I have never seen such a one befura'in fete . country ; but it -reminds" -j me of an awful one that I once witnessed when l was -staying at Sainviile." As I said this, Mr. Serle left the room. " Do I you remember that occasioiq Mrs. Serle ? It was' the1 evening before you left. Ah, lit tie did I think then that it would be the last time I should meet poor Mr. Lane." ' Mrs. Serle flushed uneasily as she an- ! swered,"Yes; I remember it perfectly, and the mortal fright I was in. Do you remember how you bofe laughed , at me for" being such a little coward I But I believe that I was always was feat, and that I am not much better now. Besides, feiindcr always affects my head so mnch." \- " That reminds me of something that I wanted fe afe yon, Mrs. Serle," said I approaching the ominous subject " I flare ', only heard very lately that poor Mr. Lane had been out of his mind for j some months previous to his death. When f did he first show any symptoms of the 1 dreadful malady f ' " ' | She changed colour, bepoming very I pale, and answered I \- " 9e -never recovered from a severe 1 illness from which he suffered soon after I our refem here. But we conld not make I up our minds, notwithstanding the severe f -symptoms of excitement that he constant- I ly dtepfayed, to place him in an asylum, I could wi dear mamma !" addressing her mother. -".But it would. have been better, I perhaps, to have dotes so." 1 " Yes ; it would have saved ns much 1 after-misery ; but then we had the satis- J faction of knowing feat poor Arthur had i eveiy attention and kindness that—" 1 n The rest of her sentence was drowned I the crashing peals of thunder, that I See ceded each- other- with startling rap- I Jity ; and Mr. Bluett hurried out to see I lether any part of the mansion had been I rack by the lightning i » fa We were all awe-stricken ; but on the F. muntenances of those two pale terror- . "td<ien women was depicted the sense , conacionsness of some terrible sin. " Heltimpelled to Bpeak, and try .to dear up I barrowing mysteiyj and taking the I "Aerfcom my pocket, and holding it I _jfore their eyes, I said, " I cannot nn- | jEratand at what period this could have lr«n written ; perhaps you will not ob- p it to inform pie.,: : Placing it in .their trembling hands, I I (psely watched ithe expression of their I ; oses while they perused it. llr. Blnett If hiw re-entered nnperceived by them, so T grossed .were they at this perplexing | joment. haog -in every limb, with training eyes. they read the fatal words j ? Jroughont ; and then, recovering herself 1 V ® gcat effort, Mjb. Serle exclaimed I lcitedly, ".It is all false— false — -some. I -Mous conspiracy,-! sAtid can you Believe I Ms ? God knows.the tenth of what. 1 II ; Bat here her appeal to heaven was an- I vered in 3x1 Rwful and unexpected way. < I S'- A her agitation,. she sank against the ndow-curtains, which had been drawn I , order to phnt ont the sight of the vivid I Vt'htninu.fljabBB — jpnihpr caught, her X-ln, thinking that she was- rfaHing and ' J the same instant the heavy bntigup jsre suddenly drawn aside, as if by samS- ivisibie hand, and a sound was heard, I if some heavy body fell against the Window. Again we shnddered to hear ut awful groan, more harrowing and .rrible than ever. -Mrs. Ashton here II to- the ground, exclaiming, " He is me to avenge his death ! O Edmund, ve me !" And fell into a deep roon. . Heedless of anything even of her other's op conscious state, Mrs. Serle )w tuned upon me with glaring eyes, re a maddened tigress, and in an instant ;r fingers were at my throat as she iriekedont, " Wretch ! your life is in my mds, and doomed, unless yon swear iver to reveal what you have now en !" In another instant I believe I should ive fallen a victim to her fmy ; for in ir rage. and despair she clutched my iroat with aimnvnlsive strength, against hich I was powerless. Bat help came > me at that terrible moment from Mr. lnett, whose strong arm dragged her 1 om me. Flinging her into a chair, he ied, " Murderess ! add not to your any crimes by this new outrage ! Long e this you and your companions in lilt should have been in the hands of stice, bat for want of legal proof of rar crime. Bat forget not that ' mur- >r will ont,' and that perhaps sooner tan yon look for." Voices were now heard in the hall, and t. Serle entered, his fries blanched with arm, and followed by the scared and embling servants, who all expressed leir determination to leave the house at ice. Mr. Serle, at the first glance sus- icting what had occurred, from what he id heard of Mr. Bluett's loud threaten- g words, silently lifted his mother-in- w from the ground, where she still lay iconscioas and uncared for, and bore I ir from the room, followed by his I retched wife, whose violence had snb- |L_ded, and who now looked utterly rawed I id ashamed. The recent trying scene I id so completely exhausted me, that I ime moments elapsed before I could I mse my faculties sufficiently to think rer the awkward circumstances in which I was placed. It was unquestionably I icessary that I should take my departure I 1 soon as possible j bnt we were some I stance from any place where I could itain a carriage, and the storm was still I ging, although Dot with such extreme I olence. Whilst yet considering this I fficnlty, I heard the sound of carriage- heels, and the servant shortly after an te mnced Mr. Bates, who had started om his own home before the storm be- I in. I "I was in this neighborhood on hnsi- I iss, Mr. Bluett, which is not often the I fie, and I thought I would call on yon I -day, notwithstanding the bad weather. B ut may I ask whether anything more is transpired here to occasion your an nus appearance ?" " Matters are as bad as they can well i ," replied Mr. Bluett ; and in a few ords be described what had occurred. But I forget that you are not acquainted ith Miss Wynne, to whom I must now :troduce you, and who, with me, wit- essed those events here that I have made nown to yon. She has, within the last jnr, been very nearly : falling a victim to, le furious malevolence of that wretched oman, the former Mre. Lane, . it is ost desirable that .she should leave .this lace immediately - and there is' a diffi- llty about procuring a conveyance." ._ "Perhaps Miss Wynne wiU not object i take a seat in my carriage" replied Ir. Bates, "which can be put ,'np while le makes her preparation." I thanked him, and gladly accepting is kind offer, left the room to get ready ir my departure.' The. two gentlemen 1 greed to keep watch at my door, dread- lg some further act of violence ; and I. . -It quite grateful for their kind cohsid-' £ ration. My packing was soon over, and ; de boxes conveyed to the carriage, to hich I wa8 accompanied by the two entlemen ; and once safe in the vehicle | breathed freely again, as .if escaped t :om some horrid dream. To Mr. 'Bluett I expressed my warmest thanks for all his I ite kindness and protecting care, and then I rove ofi thankful to see for theiast time B place to ine so full of strange and awful K lemorieB. te "I am very glad that I happened to. all at Gorringtou to-day," smd Mr. Bates, t length breaking the silence. , that had illen upon ns. R "I am indeed most thankficd that yon I ame, Mr. Bates ; for I felt sotely puzzled s to how I could manage, to get away B t>m that, hateful -place. Iran never lte. ifficiently thankful to yon add Mr. Bln- tt for the protection and assistance so romptly tendered in the veiy pmnfiil osition in which I found myself placed B y the deceit and hypocrisy of its rretched inmates. It makes me ehnd- B er to think that I was so near foiling a B ictim to the wicked violence of that fiend B 1 woman's shape." B ' It was indeed a terrible peril from -hich you escaped," he said, " and im- I lediate steps must be taken to' put the' H olice in possession of some of three facts, 0 that they may be watched ; and with heir assistance we may, perhaps, be able 3 find sufficient proofo .of their giailt 'to onvict them. I wiU. Mr.: Bffiitt B gain shortly, when pro1»by we BhSl he B ble to come, to some . decision as' to > Jhti B lexthestthlig to. be doheinlhejrttempt B 0 brihg ibemMjp&c0; v Owe arrival at the station 'pnt an -end- to our .conversation, and I soon found myself whirling swiftly away'from the neighbourhood of my late miserable visit. I was on my way to pass a short time with -my friend Mrs. Trevylyan,- who le-- sided at Durham. She received,me with a hearty welcome, and under; her kind care and attention, my nnstrong nerves soon recovered their former vigour. After, a pleasant sojouru of two months', dura tion, I started for my own home in Ire- . land. Chapter VL Three weeks after L left-Gorrington, I received the following letter from Mr. Blnett : — My dear Miss Wynne,— I write according to my promise, to let you know how matters have proceeded with regard to the inmates of Gorringtoh Hall. After your departure, I learnt from the indignant .and frightened ser vants that they had only entered Mrs. Ashton's service nnder an offer bf un- usnally high wages, to' bad had been the reputation of the house from its super- ' natural terrors. It seems that she took ' up her abode there on the very day of your arrival, which I was not surprised to bear after my own experience of the state of affairs . there. Before night closed in on the day of your departure, 1 also left the house, -and without seeing the' wretched trio, who confined them selves entirely to one room, evidently dreading to meet me again. When Mr. Differ 'myself separated,' we -had de termined to place the matter -in the hands of the police on the ensuing morn ing, never anticipating that the guilty parties would by -that time.have escaped ; us, for we deemed them too prostrated by the discovery of their guilt to quit Gorrington that night.. Butso it was ; and when thepolice arrived at the Hall the next morning, they, found -no .one in the house - bnt the servants, who were, : or seemed to be, as much surprised- -as' we were; at this " sudden departure, air though they professed to 'believe that it was only for' Mrs. Serle's own home. T i need scarcely say, however, that such was not the case indeed for some time no trace of the fugitives could be found: At length, however, they were traced to Liverpool, where they had taken their passage in the John Tayleur, and sailed for Australia. ' At the booking-offiee, the police ascertained that four ' berths had - been taken, and on close enquiry' the fourth individual proved .ito . be -Mrs. Ashton's' husband ! . A few days; after tiiis lnfaHigMHw reached- m I received -a letter which bore the:. post-ma .-of "Appleby"-' It was badly. -written, and mis-sprit, and I felt quite puzzled as to: my correspondent. On referring . to :the : signatnie, I saw the name "Ann Beeoh," which did not. -help me. The purport of the letter' was; to request that I would ; visit the writer's niece, who was in a dying state, . and who . .had: desired, earnestly to see some one from . Gorring ton Hall before her death, :Gn inquiring at the lodge,: Ann Beech had been in formed of the sudden departure of its inmates for Australia, and on communi cating the intelligence to her niece, she had seemed itenibly overcome, and ex claimed withstrange vehemenee, "-Oh, I must see some one from Gorrington 1 I cannot die with the terrible secret on . my soul ! Her aunt; being much dis- - tressed, determined to .write to me, having heard that I had been staying there recently, and had been in . some way mixed np with the strange events that had been so freely discussed in the neighbourhood. She begged me to lose - no time in complying with the earnest desire of her niece that I should visit her dying bed. Accordingly, without an hoar's delay, I took my seat in an early train for Appleby j and on reaching that place I quickly sought ont the abode of the nnhappy woman, who in the mean time had somewhat rallied, bnt still ex- 1 pressed the most eager desire to see me. On my entering her bedroom; a flush overspread the pale features of the suf ferer, who lay in the bed propped np by piliows, and she exclaimed with startling earnestness, " Thank God, He has .'granted my prayer, and I may now. die in peace ! " She then, in a few words, thanked me for coming ; and turning to her aunt, begged her to procure pen, ink, and paper, in order that I might take down her dying deposition as to the Jumble events which so weighed .on her conscience. With hnrried and anxious glances she watched, her. .aunt's depar ture from the room, as if every moment was precious till she raold unburden her soul of its awful secrets. You who have suffered so much in that unhallowed spot will feel, as I did, an intense in terest in the following disclosures then made by her : " I, Jane Beech,; do solemnly declare, as I hope for God's foigiveness of my sins, that what l now state is the truth, and nothing hint the : truth. In the year 18— I was engaged by Mrs. Lane, then living at Gorrington Trail, in Yorkshire. Shortly After I : entered her service I discovered.th my . new mistress was a woman of imppriouB temper and violent nature ; and but for the high wages 'which she ; gayA ine, I wpuld not have remained with heh It- seemed very strange, on my first arrival, to find that in such ah establishment-; only -two servants were kept, but . the reason given to me was that Mr.TiMie's peculiar state of health was the' reuse, hf it Besides tbysrifc there was one other servant, a man who acted ih the' dohBle capacity of footman and raamam Mr. Lane was .said to be suffering from 'fits of insanity j. and allhdhgt'tiot always violent, requiring to "he Ycppt' ii? hue apartment, as denly. I wqtold "thai thought ofhew faces always -excited mm j.iind for tiiis reason Mrs; Lane, or hri -mother Mts:- Ashton, who waa tiien living |rith flia&J; always took his meals torn', A'. Mr. Serle riso lived very intimaie with Mis: Mat -. Mr. Ane osiaipSa ahm 'Sfliiwiotiier at the baA<ff;tiie ho ?vh% rftre-, wards hsed -'at a lumh;room. . Ashton, Mib. Lane, .nnd15, CnA, roomfi w'ere Joh the htoeibori;' rto. loMiahg.x«hd 'sounds nfiVpf hlow&V; "proceeding from;; rtom, ahdiat raiiffi:times; we tmjtold;, that he fore idsih1 Mm. hmdto-ChaBef IfcLjaatid doorj-sSje lowefi'phnels of which Were kicked out by him in his efforts to get and secared him again in his room, the man himself mending the door at ogee ns if- he were as accustomed to do car penter's work -as one born to the trade. 1 was . near enough to hear Mr. Lane's eti-njiglesand the words from him, "Will no o|ie come and help me! I am not mad,1; but kept here by my wicked wife,' to .gain.Tier own bad . ends !" I was shocked, and terrified, and told Mrs. Ashfon that I wished to leave my situa tion i;.. but she presnaded me. that the words X 'had heard were only the ravings of almadman, and induced me to remain fty the promise of .still higher, wages. I was j foolishly fond of dress, and thia temptation overcame my objections, and I consented to remain, to my after bitter regret. i.:, Mrs. Ashton- ; also made -me promise solemnly not tomention what I had - heard to any one, not even to my fellow-servant, who was notin the house, at; the time. The .following; day Mrs. Lane and Mr. Serle returned from their, travels, .and poor Mr; Lane got very violenV iand again managed to escape from his room. A frightful scene en sued, .and |in strong terms he denounced his, wife's conduct both -towards himself and with regard to Mr. Serle. He was, however; -soon mastered, £nd forced back to his room. , " The man-servant had; been aeht into the neighbouring village, and, was' again jrient I -was so alarmed that l . could not help ruehing :.npstairs, wherel hid myself; behind "-the door. Here I saw- Mrs Ashton hand to ; her daughter a pistol, which-jL recognised as -one that I .had seen in . -Mr. Serle's room;" Before I could scream ." Murder h" Mrs. Lane pulled, the trigger, a flash-followed, and . her husband fell heavily _ to the- ground. I- Was so frightened, ghat I , could -not move or make my: escape, and I was soon -;discovered r by -these -had women, who -had -not; before observed: me. They -now saw their- danger) .-smd' made me swear, solemnly, Cn. pl of being shot with the same pistol, that I would not reveal what I had- .witnessed, and promised -that they wonld reWatd - me handsomely if -I would do my -best to screen them. . God forgivefoe for my wickedness j have never since known a mioate's . peaceiqr happiness. - At the inquest I gave w false testimony; -that I : "believed Mr. Lane fo.-have shot himself with a pistol.- Ltaken from -Mc.- Serle's room, when he escaped ' from. - his "own apartment . -during the temporaiy' absriitie the,:, family,..;. J i am. ashamed to say that, , since : that time, my silence ihas been- bought by frequent gifts of money, ,and;I -have lived a .life . of folly and extravagance, -wishing to drown ; bypleaanre the dreadfnlrthonghts -which - tormentedme,. .But ell is 'over now, and: death is near. Mey-sGod fingive me and' have pity en' any soul f, ' .Here the . poor creature fesnkfown.in- a-: convulsive fit, from which-she never recovered, and she died thatcatne.night On my return I placed this confession in the hands : of a mastrate, who at once took -steps to : have the gniltyiparties arrested as; soon as possible; ( after thrir amval in Aus tralia. But it was not God's Will that thrir guilt, fehonld ho. punished in this way. Information has jnst, reached' Liverpool that 'the vessel in which they sailed was. overtaken by a storm not long after it hadiefe' the shores lof England, that iti&undered; at sea, and that all on board perished.— Triisting. that you have recovered.- from - the. severe shock . your nerves sustained, believe .me rincerely youis,," ... ' . ",-T. Bluett." "With this letter , ends my strange nanative. Can it be wondered at that, to me, & " haunted house," .with its mysterious accompaniments, is no longer a mere superstition, hot a possible and marvellous reality! If not an unquiet spirit, what was it I 