THE OWL AND MAGPIE. "Well, Mr. Owl, we've had a long spell, since the last chat under the happy shade of these trees." "Yes, Mag, people say that you and I, have after the usual style, fallen out, and are likely to stand soon on the list of extinct animals." "Then you don't think we are univer- sal favorites?" "Not exactly with some Mag, though to be sure we have some fast friends. Now, there's the Executive, and the Messrs Burges, Henry Gray, and a score of others, to whom our voices are more sweet than sweetest music." Mag went off into a laugh, that ran echoing through the government offices and woke up the ghost of Barlee from his unknown dormitory, where he lay pining over his lost love, Miss Respon- sible Government, and breathing fire and slaughter' against Robinsonian Govern- ments generally." Mag's risibility being spun out, she turned again to her chattering with, "Were you at the late convent bazaar? "No," said the Owl "I got a hint" - and he drew himself proudly up-" I got a hint that the Governor was not going, so I declined. "But why didn't the Governor go?" enquired Mag. "It's a secret," said the Owl, "it's a great secret. The affair was under his patronage, and he's the only representa- tive of Royalty, that has ever honored such an occasion with his absence." "That's queer," said Mag, but I must ask Classical George the reason - for he knows everything, thanks to his Higher Education." "Ah, he's bound to know, Mag, though some say that there's something mysteri- ous about his knowledge, for while he held forth last Sunday there were strange knockings and rappings round the wharf." "Goodness" cried Mag, with the usual feminine flutter-" he calls the new steamer Enchantress, and perhaps he's gone into fairies, and spiritualism. "They are neither man nor woman, They are neither brute nor human, They are gholes," moaned the Owl, as a wierd memory of, "The Bells" flitted o'er him. "Bah ! cried Mag "None of your musty poetry. I begin to think your more fitted for a government billet than anything else. I wonder how many shillings worth of stamps, you'd defraud poor journalists of in a week." "Hush, Mag ! or you'll have a -certain musical stampite entering an action for "damnatory remarks" against you. So to stop your libellous tongue, I'll give you a continuation of our NURSERY RHYMES. Ride along Randell, on your broom-handle, Christened as High Education, With its gilt and illume, astraddle your broom, You created a mighty sensation. Ride along Randell, it's better than Sandal, The wood of your polished broom stick ; Dearer than pearls, or fair widows in curls, Oh, Classical George, you're a brick ! Spout away Georgie your, classical orgie Is something superbly unique, And soon we'll have handfuls, ol classical Randells Spring out of this wonderful freak. Amo and Amos ; now don't be an ass, You know that's the first conjugation. And poor hic, haec, hoc, every youngster will shock, As he blesses his new education. Until Virgil and Horace, will only do for us, And each little phrase we shall scan, And, in Sallust and Ceasar, we'll ask you to tea, Sir, If you mix with our classical clan. And as to our Greek, to the lingo we'll speak, The Ancients could ne'er hold a candle, And poor Mr. Homer, never will crow more, 'Fore the style of a classical Randell. In fact we'll be able, to start a new Babel, And in classics our girls will talk scandal, And a tower we'll erect, and the clouds intersect In honor of erudite Randell ! 