Qmrnzmvi#. THEATRE ROYAL. MB. G. D. CHAPLIN AS HAMLET. Saturday night began a new season at the Theatre, when the lately-arrived star, Mr. G. D. Cbaplin, madia his fint appearance In Soath Australia in the character of the Danish Prince. The house was crowded in three parts, as is usually the case in Adelaide when Shakspearian drama is presented, but the boxes were but poorly patronised. In these days of blatant self-assertion, and undeserved and it is to be feared In many instances purchased newspaper puffs, one is quite unable to form any real idea of the quality of an actor or actress until their performance has been actually witnessed. Mr. Chaplin has oome amongst us quietly aud un ostentatiously enough, nor hare we been able to gather anything of his antecedents than that the Sydney papers spoke of him as a credit able and conscientious actor, who had capably supported Mrs. Scott Siddon6 during her recent engageim nt in that city. This opinion we are able to endorse, but whether he is anything more his portrajal of other rOIes will have to prove. It is rather unfortunate that Mr. Chaplin shculd have chosen to make his debut in the part of " Hamlet, the Dane," than which it would be impossible to pick a more difficult one, or one in which on account of its popularity and famf.arity an actor would be likely to be more closely criticised. It is true that inferior performers have often made a comparative success in the part, owing to tfae fact that from its inherent excellence Hamlet in stage parlance to a great extent acts itself, Yet few will be disposed to question that even for the high-class artist the character is full of the gravest intrica cies. To b6gin with, comes the first question as to the true condition of the intellect of the un fortunate hero. There are tbe three stand points so often and bo UE satisfactorily discussed from which to view this complex conception of the dramatist:-Firtt, that Hamlet was no more nor less than a highly-educated lunatic. Second, that he was only mad north-north- west. In other words,that having a sanguineous nervous organization, with a highly strung poetic temperament, he would be predisposed to and was really afflicted with dementia or intermittent madness. This to our mind is the most con sistent idea, although by no means the most generally popular. Third, thai Hamlet's mad ntEg was eLtirely assumed, and that he was truly a perfectly sane man; which is the vieff usually adopted for the purpose of dramatic representation, because it throws fewer difficulties in the path of the performer. But in order to present Hamlet in this light, and yet preserve in him some semblance of a hero or even of a true man and a gentleman, consider able portions of the text have to be entirely sacrificed. Mr. Chaplin adopts the papular view, but although his impersonation is a painstaking and intelligent one, it is far from realising our ideal of Shakespeare's sublime conception. In the first place, though that is no fault of his, Mr. Chaplin cannot look the part, he being a man in build aud general appearance not unlike Signor Rosnati, so that when he speaks the words "Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would melt," or " but no more like my fathsr than I to Hercules," the incongruity is somewhat marked. In Mr. Chaplin's imper sonation were many passages which were excellently rendered. These were for the most part lines where no great depth of feeling, either passiosate" or pathetic, was to bo conveyed. For the former his voice is unsuited, for it is rather husky, and he has the habit whec speaking forcibly of gasping between his words in a manner which is very unpleasant to hear. For portions requiring pathos, his nature does not seem to be sufficiently emo tional nor his tones sympathetic enough to bring out the full feeling of the part. Mr. Chaplin has adapted some new and in instances by no means improved readings of certain passages, and at times exhibits a very extraordinary style of punctuation. If or is he by any means perfect in the text. The final scene, in spite of some departures from the text, was on the whole well rendered, and at the end of tiie play, as indeed at the termination of each act, Mr. Chaplin was recalled and greeted with hearty tokens of approval. The remaining dramatis persona were, take them^ altogether, efficiently portrayed. We have certainly seen Miss Stephenson to better advan tage than as the gentle Ophelia. In the earlier acts she did well enough, but in the mad scene was much too self-conscious and melodramatic. Nor did she succeed in looking like a mad girl. Mr. Towers would'have done well as the First Gravedigger, but that he fell into a fault to which he is too prone-that is of not learning his part and consequently "gagging" un blnphingly. Whilst this may be allowable in ordinary low comedy it is not to be tolerated in Shakspearian drama. Miss Grey made a most creditable appearance as the Qaeen. Consider ing the palpable disadvantages under which she laboured she succeeded admirably. Mr. Hasker as Polonius, Mr. Rainford as the Ghost, Mr. Brown as Horatio, and Mr. Boothman as Laertes, all fairly portrayed the parts for which thsy were cast, and the minor roles were also respectably filled. MR. G. D. CHAPLIN AS OTHELLO. The warlike, impetuous, suspicious, and revengeful Moor received better treatment at the hands of Mr. G. D. Chaplin on Tuesday night than the melancholy Prince of Denmark did os Saturday. Mr. Chaplin's disadvantages of figure as Hamlet were tuned in his favour as the martial Venetian General, so full of native dignity and physical power. The more than , robust frame that seemed incongruous la the impersonation of such a character as Hamlet gave_ to the actor a soldierly, almost majestic bearing In the tunic and Sowing robes of the Moor. Mr. Chaplin's peculiarities of aooent and voice were little less marked in his performance of Othello than In that of Hamlet, but taHnp the part as a whole his conception of it is decidedly an improvement upon his rendering ; of the character he assumed on Saturday night. In some of the passages demanding a display of emotion he was very good, but in others he was ( decidedly out. The address to the Senate would have been excellent but for the peculiarity of laying stress upon wrong words, which, how- , ever, was only occasionally noticeable. In the second interview with Iago, who, by the way, j supported him badly, there was a natural dis- i play of real passion; and in the passages with Detdemona he showed much true feeling with- < out any disposition to rant. The last act was perhaps the bsst, even if Mr. Chaplindid slightly { err on the safer side of subdued passion. Mr. Rainford must have had a very poor opinion of the character and ability of that clever, sinister, remorseless, scheming villain Iago, for he mad« him a very common stage rascal indeed. Iago t was no common scoundrel; he had acuteness, a wonderful knowledge of the weaker ode of human nature;. and it was not by clumsy trickery that he worked upon the ooeo, , noble nature of the fiery-hearted, jealous , Moor, weak in his oto strength of passion* His acting fell very far short of tbe standard of lago's vfllany, and he failed to make him the ! clever, sarcastic, fiendish schemer that he was. , He impersonated him rather more contemptibly , than even his vile treachery wairanted. Mr. Rainford's make-up and figure were good, but he eeemed at a loes to know what to do with his hands. The most that can be said of his per formance is that he was well up in the text. Miffi Clara Stephenson's Desdemona < was not entirely satisfactory, though not displeasing, and we fancy the part is unsuited to her in a general way. ] There was more than a suspicion of mannerism in her acting of the part, which, however, was i easily got over. In the emotional passages she was judicious, and in the scene where she casts back with scorn the accusation of her jealous | husband she showed much dignity, both in < speech and attitude. Mr. Boothman gave a ? mild rendering of Cassio, and was most effective ' when he got into disgrace for putting "an , enemy into his mouth to steal away his brains." i Roderigo was the richest treat of all to those j who went for amusement, and Mr. Towers on* 1 eonacfoody afforded merriment to than to their heart's content. He was lbveootajiy eU from Ma curiotudy-oocked *oap, doloroua visage, and undeearibabie voice, ana to his nmnanaee* aide legs. His ameanuDoe each time ins the signal far aeeneraltitter/and when he waa most merotfonyltiBedhe dipd ln Bnch a^fnnny my that everybody roared. - The 1&t; of the dramatu pertona werecarefalaiidimew their parts* MR. G. D. CHAPLIN AS a PIERRE. Ur. Q. D. Chaplin's roproocntatfon of the Swiss peasant Julian S. Pttrre.fn** The Wife, a Tale of Mantua," on Wednesday evening, July 12, was witnessed by an audience quite as large as those of the preceding evenings of hu engage ment. Mr. Chaplin's delineation of 8. Pierre was an improvement In some respects upon Ins pourtrayalm Shakespearian characters. Although a great deal of the interest attaching to Sheridan Knowlee's play centres in 8. Pierre, yet it is not a character which requires the con tinuous effort which Is a necessary element to success in such characters as Hamlet and Othello. On the whole the character did not afford Mr. Chaplin by any means BO luge a' scope for the display of his talent as those in which he had previously appeared. The task he had to per form sat very Ughtly on his should era; and he fell into the error now and again of treating it far too lightly to satisfy the aadienoe. Ex cepting these small peccadilloes Mr. Chaplin gave a very fair idea of the "8wiss peasant who has renounced all his virtues bat his manhood, and holds himself ready to perpetrate the most atrodons of dee?s at the bidding of Ferrado Goczaga, the Duke, and subsequently the ex-Duke of Mantua. Mr. Chaplin makes good use of the contrast between the cringing villain and the upright peasant which S. Pierre becomes when he accidentally finds his father's grave in Mantna. The soene in which he announces his vows of reformation to the ex Duke, and baffles his attempts to rain the fair fame of Mariana, the bride of his brother, Leonardo Ganzago, the Dnke, undoubtedly requires a great deal of skilful treatment, and it received its full meed at Mr. Chaplin'a hands, although Mr. Martin, as the ex-Duke, gave him very little assistance. In the last scene, also, Mr. Chaplin's acting was very realistic. Mariana, the wife of the Duke, is charged by the ex-Duke with violating her chastity in the absence of her husband in the battle-field, and S. Pierre joomes upon the scene in time to give proof, in tha shape of a forced confession in the handwriting of the ex-Duke, of the purity and honour of the Doke's wife. Be is stabbed by Ferrado immediately he produces the document, and, when dying, he discovers that Mariana is his sister, for whom he had carved a small wooden cross in their mountain-home in Switzerland 15 years since, and which she holds before his eyes in his dying moments. A very welcome change was observa ble in Mr. Chaplin's elocution during the latter portion of this scene. In similar situations in other plays his voice has been harsh, and his whole demeanour has been disconsonant with that of a dying person, but in the death of S. Pierre he achieved a marked success. Miss Clara Stephenson was fairly successful as the virtuous wife of Leonardo Gonzaga. In the scene in which the rev. father taxes her with disloyalty to her marriage vows, she played her part very spiritedly; and in the closing scene of the play, where she seeks to arrest a fight between her husband and bis disloyal kinsman, the wopld have shone to far greater advan tage had she been a little lesss impetuous. Mr. Rainford must be congratulated upon his depiction of the Duke; but Mr. Martin fell very far short of what might have been expected from him in so important a character as the treacherous ex-Duke, Ferrado Gonzaga. He was very imperfectly acquainted with his part, and some very awkward pauses, in which the prompter's delivery of the text was audible in every part of the house, did not tend .to put him at his ea^e. Mr. Frank Towers, much to the surprise of everyone, appeared in a roie rather new to him. It is very difficult to con ceive a comedian of Mr. Towers's stamp as an advocate and spiritual adviser; and to do the gentleman justice it is only fair to say that he ae quitted^himself admirably in a character in which he had so little opportunity for the display of that wit and humour with which it is generally his wont to " bring down" the house. Mi«g Blanche Grey made a bewitching lady attendant of the Duchess, and Mr. C. O'Brien was a very mirth-provoking Mautuan burgess. Tae re mainder of the subordinate characters were creditably maintained. 