Insolvency Examination. THE examination of witnesses in the insolvent estate of Messrs. J. and G. Harris, taken under an order of the Supreme Court, was resumed at the Police Coure yesterday, before Mr. F. Raw- lins, Police Magistrate. Mr. Hely, instructed by Mr. Macpherson, ap- peared to examine the witnesses on behalf of the creditors' trustee (Mr. Charles Dunckley) ; Mr. Harding, instructed by Messrs. Lyons and Cham- bers, for the insolvent, George Harris ; and Mr. Power, instructed by Mr. Wilson, for Mr. John Edwards. George Harris, examined by Mr. HELY, con- tinued : Wished to make a further explanation in reference to the partnership. Held in his hand a letter, dated Brisbane April 21, 1853, from his brother, and received by him (witness) at Bendigo. This letter stated—" I propose for your consideration, that as I cannot myself at- tend to trade of my kind while I am occupied with the vessels, that if you return and join me in a wholesale trade, share and share alike—in fact, enter into a limited partneiship, as far as trading is concerned, it will pay well. You know that I am guarded against speculation of any kind, and should not advise this without I felt certain that it would well succeed. I pro- pose to give no promissory-notes in the busi- ness, but to purchase the first lot with £1500 or £2000, which I shall be able to manage by the time you would be here. Consider this. Do nothing rash. I offer it, not that I desire to go into trade again, but for the purpose of start- ing you. You will also understand that it you should agree to it, it will be conducted by you under the firm of J. and G. Harris ; and all matters will have to be conducted in a strictly business way. I have said sufficient to show the nature." Could not tell what was the amount of the London liabilities of the firm here in August, 1875 ; in Mr. John Harris' account current, received here about March last, they were on December 31, 1875, according to his showing, £184,000 ; disputed this amount to a very great extent, and believed that, if the whole of Mr. John Harris' accounts with the Brisbane firm since the commencement of the business were properly investigated by himself (witness) and a competent and neytral accountant, it would be reduced, probably to the extent of £20,000 or £30,000 ; had frequently by letter and verbally, objected to Mr. John Harris' accounts as excessive, unusual, and unbusiness- like in charges ; objected to his changing the Brisbane firm with the London office expenses, to his retaining commission made there by the aid of the staff paid by the Brisbine firm, to his chaging commission on goods purchased and on the sale of shipments of produce, and to the manner in which he dealt with bills of lading sent by him (witness) from time to time ; John Harris did not give the firm credit for the cash advances he re- ceived from time to time from the various brokers in London, in whose hands be placed these shipments for sale, and did not give the Brisbane firm credit in account for these moneys until sometimes months after —until he received the account sales from the brokers—whereby the account of the Brisbane firm with him suffered considerably in interest ; also objected for many years to his mode of deiling with bank drafts remitted by me in the same way ; and generally to the excessive prices charged the Brisbane firm for nearly all the goods shipped to us and also to his shipping goods to us not ordered and frequently drawing on us against such shipments, which drafts I always paid to protect his and the firm's honor ; all these matters had tended to a very consider- able extent to increase Mr. John Harris' account or claim against the firm ; for many years past considerable shipments of goods to a very large amount had been shipped in Loudon much later than directed, in consequence of which they had frequently, and in almost all cases, arrived here late in season, and were con- sequently unsaleable for the time being, and had to be held over for another season, or even longer, at a considerable loss of interest of money, bonded storage and other charges ; also had occasion to complain by letter, and verbally also, to the excessive rates of freight charged the Brisbane firm, as compared with most other consignees by the same vessel ; most of the vessels bringing goods to the consignment of the Brisbane firm were partially owned by Mr. John Harris ; according to the account current from Mr. John Harris, London, dated June 30, 1875, and received by the firm here, the liabilities due by the firm here to the London firm on that date according to Mr. John Harris' idea of making up accounts, amounted to £149,588 16s. 10d. ; could not give any iinformation as to how much money was remitted from here to London in actual cash from June 30 to the date of the insolvency ; could not say whether more or less than £17,000 was remitted to London between those dates ; the firm was not insolvent on June 30, 1874, to his (witness') knowledge, and there was no occasion for it to have become insolvent at all if only its just and true debts had been charge- able to the firm here, and for what the firm had received conisideration ; John Harris had on several occasions mentioned to witness that he considered his drawings large ; under the first deed of partnership, until the last one, was permitted, like John Harris, to draw any amount he (witnes ) thought proper ; the last deed of partnership, dated March 19, 1874, between John Harris of London, George Harris of Brisbane and John Walter, 5 Great Winches- ter-street Buildings, limited his (witness') right to draw to £100 a month could not say if he had drawn £30,000 from March, 1858 ; could not say whether in some years he had drawn as much as £10,000 out of the concern for his own private use ; had no books or accounts before him to refer to ; believed that the schedule filed by himself on behalf of the firm showed the true state of the affairs of the firm accord- ing to the books, which he believed to be cor- rect ; the schedule filed on behalf of himself disclosed the true state of his affairs, as far as he was not aware of any Property he had not disclosed ; might mention that there might be various portions of land or allotments of land standing in his name, although the property of the firm, and these were in connection with, prin- cipally and generally, the late branch business at Ipswich, Harrisville, and the Logan, being securities in the shape of leases and homestead areas, which the farmers frequently gave to the firm's representatives as security for their ac- counts, and these stood in his personal name, and were re-transferred on payment of the ac- counts ; the same applied to the steamers Nowra and Emma ; had no land at Oxley ; the last land he had sold there was a portion of some property mortgaged to the Bank of New South Wales as security for his private overdraft, these lands being sold from time to time in reduction of the overdraft. Mr. Dunckley showed witness the letter produced, and read the last clause of it ; it was a letter from Phelps and Sedgewick, London, dated February 4, 1876, and addressed to Mr. Chas. Dunckley ; the last clause read :— "We shall be glad if you will so ínform Mr. Geo. Harris, as we shall Mr. John Harris ;" he (witness) told Mr. Dunckley he knew nothing about the matter ; Mr. Dunckley brought the letter to witness in a very hurried manner, read this clause, and left again almost immed- diately ; told him he (witness) knew nothing about what he had referred to ; he had îefoired to had previously asked Mr. Dunckley, and upon this occasion also, to provide him (witness) with particulars and copies of his position and all his instructions in connection with the business of the firm, and until he did so he (witness) abso- lutely declined to enter into or agree to his right to ask him any questions in connection with his firm's business or his own ; was in- formed by letter, from Mr. John Harris only, that Mr. Dunckley had been sent out here to investigate and report upon the affairs of the firm ; in this letter Mr. John Harris stated that he had enclosed a copy of Mr. Dunckley's in- structions, but the document was not enclosed in the letter ; subsequently obtained a copy from Mr. Dunckley, but there were no signatures attached to it ; Mr. Dunckley declined to give particulars of his agreement with John Harris ; Mr. Dunckley had frequently mentioned to him (witness), as also in his presence to Mr. Archer, of the Bank of New South Wales, and to Mr. Browne, of Messrs. Little and Browne, that he held no power or authonty to enable him to act in any way ; was not aware that Mr. Dunckley had ever cautioned him against dealing with bis private pioperty ; always declined to have any conversation with him ; some time in June last received £67 15s. from the Govern- ment under an award of the railway aibitrator, for some land in Dalby ; gave it to Mrs. Harris, as the land in question was originally settled on her ; there were two settlements on Mrs. Harris —an ante-nuptial one in 1860, and a post- nuptial one in 1866 ; the second was, witness thought, under the terms and conditions mentioned in the first ; the first settlement, as far as witness recollected, settled all his household effects and a sum of money—he thought £7000 ; did not remember that there was anything else ; thought there was a special covenant in the settlement about pro- perty accruing thereafter to Mrs. Harris, and that a reference was made in such a way that any afterwards acquired money or property accruing to Mrs. Harris would be protected for hersclf, and her father's will supported that ; the post-nuptial settlement of 1866 embraced all the effects in or about his preseut residence of Newstead, having previously moved them from town, including all horses, carriages, cattle, and so forth, then about the place ; it also embraced all the land in vari- ous parts of the colony then in his private name, and also, he thought, a vessel called Hamlet's Ghost ; supposed the cffects settled were worth between £2000 and £3000 ; supposed the realty settled would have cost him between £4000 and £5000 ; should think the market value of what was remaining—the pnncipal portion having been sold—would probably be under £500, or about that ; should think the present value of the per- sonal effects was not more thin £1000 or £1200 ; the last sale of his own personal effects took place about November, 1874, when about £322 worth, principally of books, were sold ; nothing had been sold by him in Sydney within the last six months, to his knowledge ; nothing had been sold by Bradley, Newton, and Lamb, on his account, within a year or two of the insolvency ; in May last had 1-12th interest in the Smith- field prospecting claim, 545 shares in the South Smithfield Gold-mining Company, 995 sharee in the Aurelia Gold-mining Company, 22 2-40th interests in the Central Smithfield, 300 shares in the Caledonia Gold mining Company, and there were 791 shares in the No. 2 North California Company, Gympie, now in the bank, on account of the firm ; also, had in May, 2082 shares in the Blue Mountain Tin- mining Company ; all these shares and interests, with the exception of those in the California, sold to Mr. John Thorn, early in May last, togethci with 10,781 shares in the Mount Marley Tin-mining Company ; received £422 17s. for them ; Mr. Thorn was his (witness) brother-in-law ; never made any arrangement by which he was to re- receive those shares back again ; it was an absolute sale ; was very glad to get rid of them and the liability attaching to them ; they had been a constant loss to him for years past ; the purchase-money was employed in paying several of his (witness ) personal debts ; believed that Mr. Thorn had received a dividend of £80 prior to the insolvency, and one of £150 after- wards, from the South Smithfield shares, but that the expenses had been within some trifling amount of the dividends received ; there was no arrangement by which he (witness) was to receive a portion of the dividends ; Newstead stood in his name, but was subject to a mort- gage to the Hon. James Taylor, of Toowoomba, as mentioned in his (witness ) schedule ; Harris-terrace was conveyed to his wife on the 21st August, 1873, subject to a mortgage then existing to the late George Thorn, sen., of Ipswich, for £6725, with interest at 8 per cent. ; in March 1874, the mortgage was paid off, by Mrs. Harris obtaining £10,000 from Mr. James Taylor, to whom the buildings were mort- gaged, with 9 per cent. interest ; did not believe that any of that mortgage had beeu paid off ; it had not been as far as he was aware ; Mr. Lyons, of Lyons and Chambers, had in- formed him within the last two or three weeks that he intended, on behalf of his firm, to hold certain deeds, mining scrip, &c.;, mentioned in his (witness') schedule, and left with Mr. Lyons for delivery to the trustee, against a debt due by his (witness') firm to Messrs. Lyons and Chambers, but he (witness) was not aware that this would be done when the documents were left with Mr. Lyons ; they were in Messrs. Lyons and Cham- bers office before, but were given to him (wit- ness) to make up his schedule. The Court adjourned at a quarter-past four o'clock until ten the following (this) morning. In Chambers yesterday, before his Honor Sir James Cockle, Chief Justice, in the case of Bar- * v. Smith, Mr. Norris, from Mr. Wilson's office, appeared on behalf of the plaintiff in sup- port of summons setting aside the judgment of discontinuance. Mr. Cooper, instructed by Messrs. Hely and Abbott, appeared to show cause on behalf of the defendant. the summons waa dis- missed. In the case of Lewis v Dickson and another, an application made by Mr. Beeston, from Mr. Murphy's ofliee, was granted, giving leave ro proceed as if personal service had been *cted, under the Bills of Exchange Act. In the insolvent estate of H. E. Weaver, the first examination of the insolvent was ordered to be taken before the Police Magistrate, Brisbane, on November 13. THOMAS MANTTAN, of Brisbane, collector of objects, was yesterday adjudged insolvent in forma pauperis. The first meeting of creditors in the estate was fixed for November 6, the usual state- ment to be filed by the 4th. A PROGRAMME of the races to be competed foe at the Brisbane Rowing Club regatta to be held in the Milton Reach on S aturday, October 28, will be found in another column of this issue. In con- nection with the regatta another advertisement instructs competing members to assemble on board the Sir Charles Cowper on Saturday, October 28, at two o'clock p.m. 