THE BIBLE IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. I TUB. Prosbytorinii Cliiiroh, Jtocky Mouth, Clarence. Uiver, witnessed n very interesting meeting on Thurs- day evening, 14th instant, convened for tue purpose of muting with tho Hillie Combination to secure tile rending of tho Word of God in oar Public schools. Tho meeting was largely attended. ' Mr A. C.uiKuo.v, J.l'., was called tn tho chair, mid the Hov. 1). M'hitios road a portion of Scripture, being pnrtuf 7Sth t'snliu ; ltuv. 1. Mackay engnged in prayer. After which, tho Hov. D.- M'INNKS proposed thu fol- lowing resolution :-"That tho lîildu Combination, having for its object the dally reading of tho liiblc in tho Public schools mid tho opening and closing of tho same with prayer, this meeting resolves to accord to tho said Coinbiniitiou-its wannest sympathies and most cordial co-operation." Ho said that tho systems of education desired by others could not meet with his sanction or approval. Tho State should not sup- port thu Denominational system nt present in opera- tion throughout thu colony. Another system was thu Purely Secular, which ho considered deserved no encouragement from, and should not bu tolerated by, tho State. This nssortioii ho proved from tho fact that tho Stnto was hound for her own self-preserva- tion tn soo that her subjects M ere nut only intellectu- ally hut morally trained. Hero tho speaker dwelt largely on tho nature of lunn in its physical, intel- lectual, and especially religious aspects. I fe declared that tho Stato must bo concerned about tho oducntiou of the people. Not only was ibo religious training of her subjects necessary for her own preservation, but thero wera circumstances in which parties culled to give evidence in the civil Courts demanding of them certain ijunlilicatiuiis, of which they eoubl not ho in possession destitute of religious instruction. Thu Purely Secular system Hindu no provision for this de maud, lt would expunge thu Scriptures entirely fruin tho schools. Mau, therefore, in his naturally corrupt state, with a inoro intellectual (raining, would ho rendered moro like tho devil than before. The Stnto wns thoruforu bound to educate morally mid intel- lectually. Were it sn, our guela and ninny other present necessities would soon become things nf thu past. Hut there was yet nnnthor aystcm which must * not bo overlooked ; ho would designate it the semi Seen lar system, that which is in operation in the Publie schools. Ho had taken tho trouble a short time ago to visit the Public school. Hu found upon investigation that the scriptures were not entirely ex- cluded, but that parts of tho Old Testament, and also of tho Xuw wino subjected to au occasional cnn siduration. Ho objected to this mode of dealing with thu Scriptures, both as to thu ipiiiutity allowed mid tiuiu devoted. Ho did not seo why thu wholo 'Hillie should not hu rend, and ho challenged any mau to provo from scripture that children should only read part of tho Word of God. Ile reminded his audience, nt thu same timo, of tho fearful denunciation against those who should mid to or take from thu revealed truth of God. Tho command to nil was "Search tho Scriptures." Amins to tho time devoted to scripture lessons, it wns utterly ridiculous, lt might bu said that thu ministers of thu district should impart, thu religious instruction ; hut supposing hu wns willing tu do so, it would bo utterly impossible for him to overtake such a laborious tusk, in tinily attending the schools in thc I.owur'Clureucu district, whore hu was tho indy Presbyterian minister. And, un thu Tweed Hiver, wilclo there weru Bevornl publie schools, there was not a single minister of nny denomination. Such being thu case, there wns a loud call for daily llihlicul rending in tho Public schools throughout tho colony. After some further remarks thu speaker ant down. Mr. T. N. SI'IIWIINIIKUII rose heartily to second the resolution. Hu referred thuin tu several chapters nf IJciituronomy, where God expressly enjoined tho people to ho instructed ill thc horipttiros, and especi- ally thu Morn! Law, which was read from time to limo ill tho presencu of all tho penólo, Nevertheless, ho could not shut his eyes tn thu ditlicultics arising fruin thu present stato of all'airs, respecting thu ipicstiou of llihlo reading in our Public schools, lt wns n subject that must hu carefully handled, and the State was bound to do justice to every one. Thé Kumuli Catholic, tho .lew, ice., would say, we pay ns much tu thu ruvciniu of the colony us you do, mid me there- fore entitled to mi cipin! mid just »hare, lint another dilllculty ill thu way is thu teachers. There uro not a few Kunian Catholics engaged in tho instruction nf our youth in thc Public school. Now, tho ipiustiou . is,- Will thu teachers do it? Are they competent to do it : These ure ipicstions which resolve themselves into ditlicultics in thc considération of this matter. Should any gentleman present bc able to solve these ditlicultics, and to make the matter clear, hu would he glad to hear him. Hov. I. MACKAV, of I ¡rafton, «poko in support of tho motion. Hu likewise spoke of thc dilliciilty of reducing to practico what thc llihlo Combination ,lu sirud to sut in motion. Ihpl, ho would ask the ques- tion, Aro we a Christian people V If sn, he considered it to he their duty to have the llihlo read in tho Stato schools. These professing Christians who raised ob- jections to its being rend ill thu school wcro very often found hidiHurcnt to its being rend in the family, nail ho was at times Iud to doubt very lunch thc genuineness of their Christianity. Tho Christian should net only come to the church on the Snbbnth dny to hour thu Scriptures read, hut hu should rend thom in tho family, mid make time also for secret me- ditation mid devotion. Weru parents perfotiiiiug this duty might, thuro would not he such a crying neces- sity for thu present action of the lovers of thu Hilde. Hut it is greatly to bu feared that ninny como far short in thu discharge of this duty, and lt is therefore necessary that thu llihlo should be introduced into tho school in order that thu scholars might become aciplaintcd with thu truth therein contained. Wo grunt Hint it is tho duty of tho Stato to educate ¡ts subjects intellectually and morally. Tho speaker here considered man in his relation to this world, mid specially in his rclatiuu to the world to come, ami urged thu necessity for his iicipnu'iitaiicc with tho llihlo, in its bearings upon his eternal interests ns nu immortal creature. Thu Ibbie Combination wns most lenient in ¡ts demands, and to his l n i ntl hud made ampio provision to incut with tho nppurunt exigencies of nil dusses of tho community. Kor instance, if parents were not desirous of Inking advantage of thu Ililliio.il instruction imparted to tho scholars, they had merely to signify their wish, mid withdraw their children for tho timo being. Neither were they bound to any sitiglu version of thu Itihlu, nny fur- ther than tiley rcuiiired that thu 'eaiionieal books' of thu Hillie afone lio rend. In these circumstances, the lldinmi Catholics, if objecting to read tho Protestant version, wore ut perfect liberty to rend thuir own, only Hint thc inspired órneles bu read. Agniu, thu rending of thu Scriptures wns nil thuy de- manded. They wanted no sectarian opinions to bo inculcated into tho youthful minds hy tho teachers. lt was shown that the present system only made pro- vision for portions nf the Scriptum to bu read in schools. This might bc better than none, but why should thu wliole hook bc refused un audience? "AH Scripture wns given hy inspiration nf God," and even thu Scripture Hallies contained lu Chronicles lind enuh thuir peculiar signitteanee. Tho witness culled to give evidence in thu Civil Court was brought forth lu behalf of thc necessity for religious training. Tho Mnhommeduu unthill was produced in its /cal for tho propagation of its doctrines, ns n rebuke to ninny of thu professors of Christianity in their luke- warmness for the truth and its dissemination. Tho resolution also desires "that thu school bc opened nuil closed with prayer." Now, surely noone would object tu the Lord's Prayer, or simio other similar form of prayer. lu conclusion, tho speaker com- mented upon tho mode nf imparting instruction ¡lithe Queensland schools, mid also in tho London city schools, » hure tho Hilde was systematically read, not- withstanding the numerous sects within its bounds. Reference waa also mudo In tho United States nf America, where biblical reading had been inuiutut.icil amid much opposition mid contention. Martin Luther mid I'litlicr Chiniipiy were mentioned as owing thuir conversion to tho reading of tho Hiblo. Tho fact of a child's interest in tho blessed volume was instanced ns being instrumental in tho conversion nf n gentleman, who, up till that time, had been nu avowed iiilblel. (An opportunity wns here given to those present for asking questions,) liefere the reso- lution was put tn tho meeting a question was asked, " Whether u teacher who wns incompetent to rend tho llihlo, wns n Ht person to bu a teacher?" .Mr Sm WIINIII'.IIII rose tooxplnlu that this wns not tho purport of lils question, mid said that it wan wull known that thero were ninny competent Unman Catholic touchers w ho would possibly object to road the Hilde. Tho Hov. I). MMNNKM explained for Mr. Schwoll lierg's enlightenment, that should thu llihlo Combina. Hon secure ita cuds, it would then lie necessary to romndol thu educational system, mid Hud mon to conform to systems, mid not systems to men. Thu CIIAIIIMAN having put tho motion, it wns car ried minuimutudy without ono diiHoiiticut voice, Mr J, A. Nient, then propwiuil tho following i "That, considering tho advantage of any joint notion in tba securing of any legitimate object, thia meeting résolve to organize Itself Into an association, te he called tlio 1 Lower Clarence Branch nf thu Bible Com- bination ;' ami, further, that a committee composed of nine (ll) mombers, with power to mid to their num- ber, bo appointed to carry the objects of tho Associa- tion into oilbct." Ile said, seeing that the first inatiou lind been passed, it would not ba necessary to say much in behalf of tho present ono, For tho securing and execution of the objects which tho Com- bination lind in view, it was essential that joint notion should ho solicited, mid that propor mon should bo choBoii as our representatives. It lay entirely in tho hands of tho peoplo themselves whether tho Bible Bhould bo rend in tho schools or not. It was therefore expected that eaeli individual would perform his part, and not leave it to others to do it for them. Ile lind net expected to bo called upon to move that resolution, but lind during thu day propared a few observations oil behalf of the Bible in schools which are as follows:-lu standing before you for tho ptirposuof advocating tho necessity and propriety of our Statu schools being honoured with the Bible as a class-book, we believe that we aro occupying a position, and pleading for a right, ut onco glorifying to God, and productivo of tho well- being of mankind. Wo do not purpose wasting your time in producing arguments to defend the Killie against tue aspersions heaped upon it hy the would be wiso philosophers of ancient or modern times, hoing cnnlldciit that thu wisdom nf this world-that is, ot tho mon of this world-is foolishness with God. Wu assuiuu that thu Hilde is God's word, and is no cunningly dovisod fable, and that " all Scripture is given by inspiration." Let us como, then, to tho grand old book. Wa lind that it is a collection of. (Kl separate books, these being subdivided into IIS!) chapters-chapters mudo np of III,ITU verses, verses composed of 17,'!,(i!l°2 words, and words funned from ,'l,ñ(l(i,.|ü(l letters. Thu wholo book extends over a period of iilltlU years, and wins inscribed by "holy mutt of God, who wrote as they wure moved by the Holy Ghost." lt ia tho only book upon which wo eau rely, for the kuowlcdgo respecting the origin, purpose, and lund destiny of all things seen and temporal. Should we propose the questions-Whence cunio we ? for what purpose aro wu come? and whither aro we yoing'/-tho I tibia alone alfords a decided ami satisfactory answer. Surely then that school which gives il place to this book of books might well consider itself nu being ill possession nf a treasure moro precious than gold, or the choicest of 11 ii i nil ii wisdom. The Bible then conies to us ns tho book of God, of the one, only, living, and true God, who created tho heavens, the earth, and sea, and all things that aro therein. This Being we believe to be iiilliiilely exalted ablive thc most lofty conceptions of mau-a Being of inlinile intelligence, possessing most glorious perfections, capable of exerting unlimited power and control, having neither beginning nor eua of days, the self existent, uncreated, and unchangeable one, the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever ¡ tho only wise God. As tho book of this gloriously exalted Being we claim a Hist placo for it in all our institutions for the train- ing of our youth. Never was there a time, we be- lieve, in which the propagators of tho faith have more need to insist upon the Bible holding a promi- nent position in our scholastic institutions than the present. Infidelity is rampant ; loose ideas and false notions are being widely disseminated. 'The word of God, the Bible, is tho axe which must be laid to tho root of everything savouring infidelity. Our youth must be equipped with the Saviour's infallible weapon to oppose and defeat the adversary, " lt is written." They must stand upon thc Apostle's foundation in order to thwart the cavillings and blunderings and surmisings of erring humanity. This must be their constant warcry, " Let God be true, and every man a liar." Amid the speculations of man concerning the creation, tho schoolboy from his open Bible cam read " ln tho beginning." Should he be concerned about tho origin of man he has but to proceed a little further, mid he will find sufficient to refute tho false and ridiculous boastings of tho world's imaginary philosophers. I le linds ho lins all cady oponed a book which at once proclaims its more than human author- ship, and bespeaks tba wondrous power of Him nt whosu irresistible command tho world sprung into existence with all its beauty, magnillceucu, and splend- our wonderfully illustrative of thu iiiliuitu wisdom, power, and benevolence of the Creator in milking such itiuplu and suitable provision for His creatures. Snnie nf the reasons which ure given in proof of tho Bible being the Word of God might nf themselves ntl'tuil sullieient ground for its introduction into our Public schools. Thoso nru ''tho hcavuuliuuss of thu matter, thu ullioucy of tho doctrine, the majesty of thu stylu, tho consent of all tho parts, thu scopo of tho whole (which is to give all glory to God), tho full discovery it mukös of tho only way of man's salvation, and tba many other incomparable excellencies, witii its entire perfection." Hut wu ure not ignorant of tho thousand and ono obstacles which obstruct our path and demand our consideration ns members nf the Bible Combination. In thu present statu of society, and in a mixed community liku our own, there must, of necessity, arise a variety of eoulliutiug opinions in respect to thc social, political, and moral well-being of tile Stale. Such, we Hud to bu thu circumstances surrounding thu educational question ut tho present moment, in its hom ings upon tho Bible. Hut ara wu to bu guided to a liual decision upon this matter hy tho mere cavilling mid eoiitlictiug sentiments hin/cd abroad by our fellow mortals ? I Icenme the Hollian Catholics say, " We will not send our children to your schools, should you insist upon Biblical instruc- tion hoing imparted to Hie children ;" are wc doing our duty by allowing thu Bible to Ira excluded Î Becausc tho infidel declares the Bible to be a fictitious volume-a cunningly devised fable and unworthy of a place in our schools. Shall we be ensnared by his enticing words, or silenced by his vile, blasphemous, and damnable imprecations. Or, because our rulers and legislators may fail to soo tho way clear in tho cnaetiii ' mid enforcing of thin matter, will we allow tho guilt to rest upon our heads by being indifferent to it. Surely ! surely ! as rational mid accountable beings, we will suffer no such surroundings to influence us in tho performance of our duty as individuals, but will rather desire that thu ignorance, blindness, and apparent neglect of others may incite is to greater energy in securing and establishing that which is right. Why, then, all this ado about the Bible? Is it tho producer or propagator of all tho criminals populating our gaols, mid infesting tho highways and byways of our laud ? Have our predecessors on British soil been dubased by their early familiarity with tho precepts inculated fruin its pages? Have liberty and enlighten- ment given place to bandage and ignorance in thoso regions where tho instructions of Hie Bible have been imparted and neted upon? Will mir schools be de- graded by ¡tn introduction, and scholars weakened or ilubased, and our teachers lowered from their honour able position ns schoolmasters? If sn, if these alle- gations uro true, if these assertions lie proved to ba correct, thou wo say, without any any hesitation, banish tho Bible from thu schools I trent it as you would thu vilest uriiniti.il, condemn it, ¡inprison it, nay moro, consign it to everlasting oblivion. Here, wu might pause, and ask ourselves the true nature of tho case. And what a glorious contrast is presented to our view I This cnn only bu truly estimated hy n conception of the probablo condition of fallen and corrupt humanity in this age of our world, without over having been favoured with a single revelation from the inexhaustible storehouse of infinite wisdom and benevolence. Thu Bible is neither the instigator nor propagator of crime, but, on tho other hand, from Hist to last, utters forth the most fearful denunciations, mid thc must terrible judgments against tho workers of iniquity. Instead nf acting as a debaser of nianliind, it !-us proved thu only suro mid oHieucmus lever by which he might bo mised fruin his low estate, to a truly ennobling and elevated platform. Instead nf hreediin; slavery and ignorance, theso have vanished us dark- ness before sunrise, whuruvor its principles have been allowed to operate, lint her than submit to tyranny and despotism, the subjects of the power of its truth havo snll'ereil the most barbarous treal ment, the most brutal tortures, mid thu most horrible deaths, Uluru Uko thu devices of Hunds than thu notion of mell nf like plissions with ourselves. In introducing tho Itihlu intoourschools, we are placing within the reach nf our youth, a hook calculated tu bu a lamp to our feet, and n light to our path, Thu school, the scholars, and tho schoolmaster will he nono the worse for their perusal of its sacred pages ; and who can tell how many limy beeoiiio wisu unto salvation through rending the Scriptures'lu our Publie schools. A truu education, whilu designed for tho cultivation and development of thu Illental faculties, is nt the same time intended to iiuiku ns humble in our dispositions, modest iii our t!o|Hirtinciit, conscien- tious in nil our conduct, polite in our behaviour, use- ful in our day and generation, industrious in every condition of lifo, orderly in nil our doings, punctual in alt our engagements, and (lersevcring ¡ti ult our un- dertakings ; and, in order to accomplish these things, wu boliovo it to lie morally linponsihlo without daily instruction from tho Bible. Should wo oxcludu thu Hillie from our schools, the aiiHer'uigs, agonies, und blood of sainted martyrs might well rise up ¡ll judg- ment to condemn us, and God himself might well withdraw. Whd ia propnrod for noting thu« ! Lot him pause and consider, for wo nre nut 1 Mr W. SIIRAIIKII, in n few approprinto reinarles, seconded tho motion. In regnrd to n portion of tho . Bililo only hoing rend in tho BCIIOOIB, hospokoof a casa which came nuder Ida own notice a Bhort timo ngo, when ho was naked hy n hoy about niuo years of ngo attending ono of the Public schools, "If tho whola ol' tho Bihlo was not true, seeing that only a, pnrt of it wns rend in school !" This was argument Biiflicioiit for the immediate introduction of tho whola Hook into mir schools. He would sooner soe tho Hildo entirely excluded than that only a part of it should ho rend with such nu injurious effect on the ulinda of tho young, Mr G noun K MARTIN spoko in support of tho motion. Ho said thnt ho wns connected with ono of tho I'nhlic Beholds on tho river, ned, os far ns ho know, Scrip- ture lessons wore novor rend ; hut, as it was proved that Scripture lessons wore allowed, mid that tho present teachers ware competent tu rend soino por- tions of tho Scriptures, ho could not BOO why they might not ns well rond tho wholo of tho llihlo. Other forcible and well- timed remarks fell from tho speaker, niter which Mr.I. SV.MK spoke strongly in faveur of the whole llihlo hoing in tho schools. Hill ing the evening tho Hov. W. Gi.Asso.v explained why ho lind,taken so little put t in thu business af tho meeting. ' lt wns only thnt ovuning ho was maila aware nf tho intended meeting, having just returned from tho lliebmoud Uiver. '1 nero was lunch that ho hud beard fruin thu various speakers that ho heartily concurred with. Tho greatest dilliciilty ho found was tho sanction given to thu Hollian Catholics to uso their own version nf tho llihlo-tho apocryphal hooks hoing found to contain much falso doctrino. [Hov. I. Mnekay informed tho speukur that it was limited to thu cuiiouicid writings alone.] Hoing sutislled with this explanation, hu informed thu audience that ho emile quite unprepared to address them, although bo hoped thnt tho llihlo would yet ho in our Public schools. Tho motion, hoing put, found no opponents, nnd was duclnrcd carried. The following gentlemen consented to net upon tho committee :-Hov. I). M'luucs, Messrs. W. Shonror, T. Schwonborg, P. .M'Kenzie, M. M'Pherson, G. Martin, G. Gray, A. M'Donald, and ll. M'Kndycu. At tho conclusion of tho meeting tho Chairman ro coivud a cordial vote of thanks, which ho suitably responded to, and hoped that tho pulposo for which they had met would nut bo in vain, und trusted that tho reading of the Hilde, which ho believed to have been productivo of much good in old Scotland, would soon be introduced into thu Publie schools of tho colony. The llenedietion having been piouotiiiccd, many of those present gave in their ninnes ns mendiera of Hie Combination. 