AMUSING. COLONEL BANGS IN COURT. COLONEL Bangs is very bald, and iu order to induce.his hair to grow -again he is using a very excellent article of '.Hair Vigor* upon his scalp. A week or two ago he was summoned as a juryman upon a case in the Circuit Court, and, upon the day of the trial, juBt before the hour at which tbe court met, he remembered that he ' had not applied the Vigor'to his head that morning. He hkd only a few minutes to spare, but he flew upstairs. and into the dark cloaetwhere hp kept the bottle, and pouring some fluid upon-a sponge,, he' rubbed • his head energetically- By.some mishap the colonel got hold of the wrong bottle, and the substance-with which he inundated his'Scalp was riot Vigor, but tl e blaok varnish with which i Mrs.. Bangs . decorated ' her shoes. However, Bongs didn't perceive the mistajce, but darted downstairs, put ou his hat, and walked off to the court-room. It was a .very cold • morning,'and by the time' he reached his destination the varnish was SB stiff as ^ stone. He felt a little uncomfort- able about tbe head, and be endeavoured to remove his hat to discover the cause of the ' difficulty, but to his dismay it was iuimovaj ble. It was glued fast to the skin, and his , efforts to take it off gave him frightful pain, JustUhcu he heard hiB name called by the crier,.and he had to go into court to answer. He was wild with apprehension of coming trouble : but he took hiB seat in the jurybor-and determined to explain the situation to tbe court at the earliest possible moment. As he sat there with a guilty feeling in his soul, it neemed to him that that high hat kept getting bigger and bigger, until it appeared to him to be as large as a medium size shot-tower. Then he was conscious that the lawyers were staring at him. Then the clerk looked hard at him and screamed, ' Hats off in court!' and the colonel grew crimson in the face. ' Hats off !' yelled the clerk again, and the colonel was about to reply when tbe judge came in, and, as his eye rested on Bangs, he said : ' Persons in the court-room must remove their hats.' Bangs : ' May it please your honor, I kept my hat on because ' Judge : ' Well, sir, you must take it off now.' BangB: ' But I say 1 keep it on because I ' Judge ; ' We don't waat arguments upon the subject, sir. Take your hat off, instantly !' Bangs : ' But you won't let me ' Judge : ' Remove that hat this moment, sir! Are you going to bandy words with me, sir ? Uncover your head at once.' Bangs : ' Judge, if you will only give me a chauce to * Judge : ' This is intolerable. Do you mean to insult the court, sir P Do you mean to profane this sacred temple of justice with untimely levity ? Take your hat off, sir, or f will fine you for coniempt. Do you hear me ?' Bangs : ' Well, its very hard that I can't say a word by way of ex ' Judge (warmly) : ' This is too much ! This is just a little too much. Perhaps you'd like to come upon the bench here, and run the court, and senteuce a few convicts ? You've got more audacity than a mule. Mr. Clerk, tine that man 50 dol. ! Now, sir, remove your hat.' Bangs : ' Judge, this is rough on me. I ' Judge (in a furious rage) : ' Won't do it yet? Why, you impudent scoundrel! I've a notion to Mr. Clerk, fine him 100 dols. more, and Mr. Jones, you go and take that hat off by force 1' Then the tipstaff approached Bangs, who was by this time half crazy with wrath, and hit the hat with his stick. It didn't Then he struck it again, and caved in the crown ; but it stiil remained on Bang's head. Then he picked up a volume of' Brown on Evidence,' and smashed the crown in flat. Then Bangs sprang at him,~ and shaking his fist under the nose of Jones, he shrieked : 1 You mutton-beaded Bcullion ! If that jackass on tho bench had any sense, he could see that the hat is glued fast. I can't take it off if I wanted to.' Then the ^udge removed the fines, and excused him, and Bangs went home. He slept in that bat fur a week, and even when it came off, the top of the head looked as black as it mortification had set in.— DB. NORMAN MACLEOD AT A HSDEO- PATHIC ESTABLISHMENT.—Hero I am in a state of perpetual thaw, ceaseless moisture, always under a wet blankut, and constantly in danger of kicking the bucket—' water, water every where.' I have been stwewed like a goo;e, beat on like a drum, battered like a pancake, rubbed like corned beef, dried like Find on haddock, and wrapped up like a mummy in wet sheets and blankets. My belief is that I am in a lunatic asylum— too mad to be quite sure about it. Mr wife says I never was so sane. But what if she herself is sane ? That is a difficulty. I am composing a Hydroputbie Catechism for the use of schools. What' was the primeval state of the globe ?—Water. What was (he first blessing bestowed on the earth P— Rain. What waB~ tbe grand means of purifying tbe earth ?—The deluge. Mention some of the great deliverances by water p —Moses in tbe Nile ; ditto, Red Sea, &c.; This is laying what is called a religious foundation. Then comes the scientific. What is the best music?—Water pipes. What is the best light P—Dips. What is the best wife ?—A mermaid. What is the best death P—Water in the chest, or drowning. Who are the true Church P—Baptists. What is the best song in the English language P—' A wet sheet and a flowing sea.' Who are the true aristocracy P—The K.C.B.'s, &a.; This will be tbe most celebrated book published in the rain of Queen Victoria ! I will dedicate it to the raining family.' A GEOCEE, who prays for his fellow-men on Sunday, and preys on them the rest of tbe week, being asked why he sold the same sugar at 10 cents, to poor people and 15 cents to the rich, replied—' Well, don't the Bible command, " Charge them that are rich in this world?'" A LIVELY IMAGINATION.—In a recently published sermon by the Rev. Mr. Hep- worth, of New York, he spoke enthusiastically of the great number of conversions at the.Moody and Sankey meetings, and exclaimed, ' Over the autograph of the Holy Ghost on their souls I imagined I could see theinit'als of Moody and.Sankey.' A SCFOLAB in a country school was asked " How do you parse,' Mary, milk the cow.' The last word was disposed of as follows :— * Cow, a' noun, feminine gender, third person, and stands for -Mary-' 1 ' Stands for Mary ! How do you make that out P' ' Because,' said the intelligent pupil, ' if the cow didn't stand for Mary, how could she milk her ?' " The Chichago papers are publishing a list of the divorces recently granted in that city. The average Chicagoan steals away with it to the privacy of his own closet, runs down the long array until he comes to a familiar'name, and sighs as lie says to himself—-' Last year she was miue ; last week she was ' his'n-; to- morrow she will be somebody else's. O, Mary Ann, Mary Ann, what changes you'have soon ' Max Adoler, iu the New York Advertiser. 