CAS33ESTON. franc arm. own correspondent.! [?] The past week hasbeen chiefly dlstj foe oogamies of fianMraabowu in foelr anxiety - to procure labour to gather In the Oounteout yield, florin apite of foe erstwhile dismal pragnoedra- MlflW! areq taKF gwrevti irec arciflFC. I have beard of come almost fabulous returns, and some tall yarns abbot the height of the stalk, and the taomber of grains springing from individual The untimely death -of -Mr. B. L. Simoon has been ray generally end deeply regretted. Tbe deceased gratlemalL wre well- known In tola Quarter, and bis darinir' horsemanship Ore frequently been foe topic cfemmnltoB. - - 3 A generally (el t and acknowledged wantln our town, where quiue locomotion is foe rule, and hank's pony the exception, even on foe shortest journeys, is abont to he remedied, and foe ills which horseflesh, like any other flesh, ii heir to. will new- haye on antidote, and I hope a eurartre process. atiund.u lhear that Mr. Caleb Kadford. .who pppsreere considerable skill in foe veterinary - hit, ran now beneen and consulted here. '..-.STe-are to have a great rare meetioe .some- fooeta May. JC have liute -fear foat funds will be forthcoming, sufficiently substantial, to stamp our jtext annomt meet' re aontefofug more than or- ' dlnrey bnah HceeL for if in ducement offere. there i wtflhe no lacleof JOorsea, and eteepleehaetng eom- Woed wita tta teBa -exciang wmta or toe hat. always prodoeei n laige attendance, nnd thntof sk%8ge2?5srj efe'jskkij fratofl totteSSjfjthrree. JCBuew, 'mmora,. that to whoever It may be applied it conveys the Idea that the party spoken of is in an nnenvfobly impecunious position. But never until this, week have 1 beard toe term truthfully applied to bank notes, yet such is literally the fact, some of toe notes haying become so greiudly attractive, that ' the flies have settled andolown upon (un- fortunately 4he notes were not mine, I defy the flies) aa a gentleman or this town can vouch Beally oar plethoric monetary institutions might venture to expend an extra fico per annum in fol lowing a Uttle mora closely toe example of tbe Bank oi England, from whirii bourne no note ever re-iBBues, but if not convenient or neceeBary to do this, they might at least main and destroy the most unctuous ones. Certainly on the other hand, one might proteet ones, viands by spreading out a few ol these tempting spots of deposit for the convenience of toe over prolific blow-fly, bnt then It Is not every one who could afford to protect bis mutton at such a cost, and besides, the risk would be too great, as the bank note of deposit would too frequently become the b&bk; note ol issue in a double sense, and the immunity foom toe pest, would be all too dearly purchased. The usually staid and grave demeanour of oar Shire Councillors was somewhat upset at the shire meeting on Tuesday UeL and the gracefully recumbent position assumed by a visitor to the sacred precincts was toe cause of surprise to the councillors. 1 he reporters especially were horror Btruck at the audacity or an individual who with so Ujtie reverence, appropriated toe back benches of legislative chamber as an Impromptu sleeping apartment One of toe more vivacious councillors made some scarcely audible remarks of which I could only catch the words Heuty'a gap " or "gape, X am not quite sure which, neither am l positive, as to whether toe words in Question referred to the sieener. nr m ih wi.i deviation through Mr, Edward Henty'e property which was at tbe time under discussion. How ever, when the temporary sojourner bad refreshed himself with ' nature's sweet restorer," he awoke, and consequently toe matter and his dreams tif any) ended. There has been an attempt here to create in terest in a (very) problematical crime— no Icbb a crime than murder, a shirt has been found on the banks of the river, toe sleeves being steeped in gore (which is a better word than blood), an uuder- shirt minus the gore, and at some dfsUuce from these garments a pair of military socks, steeped in water, and hanging out to dry. liotwithsunding all this prima fame evidence of a deed of horror having oeeu committed, toe Cafitertoslan arc sceptical, and refuse to believe. How is this thus ? as Mark Twain says. 1 have known the moat intense interest exhibited with reference to crimes —crimes which there was only a fibred of anything to hold together, as crimes, and now we have whole garments thrown at our understandings, and we have no faith. The only explanation I can give is— weather. Summer is not the time tor ghosts or murder, and what might have been made something or in long winter iqght. now pads upon toe imagination, and 4b "uaiSpt. The beautiful estate ol Wan do Vale ius, I hear, been let on a lease of live years to Messrs. VT. and D.Skene, of your town. X hope, that toe lessees wiU become residentiary.; also . that they are benedicts, with numerous offshoots, and then in that ease we can (as your Merino correspondent happily puts it) look for an acqulrition of trade. 