STOM i ^ii lusv mft • . i. OK A Broadway,in A ge old bjuilding j»,h<jjse :upper stories had j •n whollypuuoccnpied for years until I j e Thl^i^fthadlong b.een given up to j ,, dust ."and anil ULUJWyiJt", IU sol BUiJLUUO itudean MXIU d silence, AUOUCH I geemed "** grepingamongthetombaand ' in ingiStKe .privacy ,.©f the dead, thkt first jJiRhfl.cUmbed For the first time 'in _xny life a superstitious dread eame"t>v6r J me;",ah(l as T turned a dark angle of the stiirway and an invisible cobweb swung its lazy woof in my face and clung fhere/I shuddfered'as one who had encoun- .'.j - ' tered 'a phantom. -T--'WaB glad enough when I reached my *»bbm 'and'looked out the mould and the ^'•flarkneis.' • : A cheery fire was burning in the v grate, and I sat down before it with a comforting flense of relief.' For two hours I sat "there thinking of bygone times; recalling * ,old scenes, and summoning half- forgotten jfaces out of the mists of the past; listening * infancy to voices that long ago grew silent . Jpr ail jtinio ahd to once familiar songa that •nobody sings now. And as my reverie softened down to a sadder and sadder pathoij,' the shripking of the winds outside softened to a wail, the angry beating of the rain' against the panes diminished to a ; tranquil patter, and one by one the noises -*'* 'in 'the street subsided, until the hurrying •••• "footstep of the last belated straggler died ' iawa'y ih the distance and left no sound behind. • The fire had burned low. A sense of loneliness crept over me. I arose and undressed, moving on tip-toe about the room •'• doing stealthily what I had to do, as if I * were environed with sleeping enemies v whose (lumbers it would be fatal to break. \- 1 covered up in bed, and lay listening to the. rain and wind and the faint creaking of distant shutters till they lulled me to . jsleep. I slept profoundly, but how long I do not know. All at once I found myself awake -. and filled with a shuddering expectancy. All ... . was still. All but my own heart—I could bear it beat. . Presently the bed-clothes pommencedto slip away slowly toward the foot of the bed, as if some one were pulling . them!. I could not stir; I could not speak. . Still the blankets slipped deliberately away . till,my breast was.uncovered. Then with a great effort I .seized them and drew them over my head. ,I waited,, listened, waited. • ©nee more that Bteady pull began, and once more I lay torpid for a century of dragging seconds-till my breast was naked again. At -"''''• last I roused my energies and snatched the • covers back to theiT place and held them with a Btrong grip. I waited. By-and-by I felt a faint tug, and took a fresh grip. The tug strengthened to a steady strain—it grew stronger and stronger. My hold parted and for the third time the blankets slid away. I groaned. An answering groan came from the foot of the bed? Beaded drops of sweat stood upon my forehead. I was more dead . than alive. Presently I heard a heavy footstep 'in my room—the step of an elephant it seemed to me—it was not like anything . human.. But it was moving from me—there .. - , was relief in that. I heard it approach the . door—pass out without moving bolt or lock si —and wander away among the dismal corri- ' dors, straining the floors and joints till they creaked again as it passed—and then silence > reigned once more. SjHIv -When my excitement had calmed I said to jfayself, "this is a dream—simply a v hideouB dream." And so I lay thinking it over until I convinced myself that it was a \- ' dream, and then a comforting laugh relaxed my lips and I was happy again. Igot' up and struck alight; and when I found that • the bolts and locks were just as I had left them, another soothing laugh welled in my heart and rippled from my lips. I took my pipe and lit it, and was just Bitting down before the fire, when down went the • pipe put of my nerveless fingers, the blood forsook my cheeks, and my placid breathing was'cut short with a gasp! In the ashes on the hearth, Bide by side with my own bare footprint, was another, so vast that in comparison mine was but an infant's! Then I had had a visitor and the elephant tread \ was explained. I put oat the light and Tetumed to bed, \- palsied with fear. I lay a long time, peer- . ing into the darkness, and listening. Then -'"- I : heard a grating noise overhead, like the & dragging of a heavy body across the floor; \--'' - then the throwing down of the body, and the shaking of my windows in response to \V the concussion. In distant paTts of the /building' I heard the muffled slamming of : . doors. I heard, at intervals, stealthy foot- : P i steps creeping in and out among the corridors, and up and down the stairs. Somev times these noises approached my door, hesitated, and went away again. I heard* ' the clanking of chains faintly, in remote passages, and listened while the clanking J grew nearer—while it wearily climbed the stairways, marking each move by the loose : surplus of chain that fell with an accented rattle upon each succeeding step as the 'goblin that bore it advanced. I heard muttered sentences; half-uttered screams that seemed smothered violently; and the swish of invisible garments, the rush of invisible , wings. Then I became conscious that my ; - chamber was invaded—that I was not alone. jL i I heard sighs and breathings about my bed, ®f ')snd mysterious whisperings. Three little "'.'•» spheres of soft phosphorescent light appeared on the ceiling directly over my head, clung and glowed there a moment, and then dropped—-two of. them upon my face and one upon the" pillow. They spattered, liquidly, and felt warm. Intuition told me they had turned to gouts of blood as they fell—I needed no light to satisfy myself of ^ ^ Then I saw paliid faces, dimly Iumin- Ef'.-r ' ous. and white uplifted hands, floating bodi- ^'r'-^/ls^s^n-'the air,-—-floating a moment and then , disappearing. The whispering ceased, and . .the.-voices and the sounds, and a solemn stillness. followed. I waited, and listened. ' '.'i f®Jt that I must have light, or die. I was j; : • ^eak-, ;with fear. I slowly raised myself ; , *WW8rd : a sitting posture, and my face came . . ..in contact ' with a clammy hand! All strength went from me, apparently, and I . :W -;fell back .like a stricken invalid. Then I ..jheard the rustle of a garment—it seemed" to -pass-to the door and go out. >««':i:When : ' everything was still once, more, I " r ,' crefrtjOUt of lied eiek and feeble, and lit the % ^gas With a hand that tTembled as it it -were | «g-ecT, with a -hundred years. The light ' r -- -brought'-some little cheer to my spirits. I sat down and fell into a dreamy contempla- ; lion,,of that great footprint in tbe .ashes, \- -By-and-by its outlines began to waver and \- <" jgrow dim. I glanced Jip and the broad gas flame was slowlywilting away. In the same moment £ heard that elephantine tread again. I noted its approach,, nearer and nearer, along the musty walla, and dimmer and dimmer tbe light waned. The tread reached my very door and paused—the light had dwindled to a sickly blue, and all things about me lay in a spectral twilight. The door did hot open, and yet I felt a faint gust 1 of air fan my cheek, and presently was con-; scions of a huge,'cloudy presence before me. I watched it with fascinated eyes.' A pale glow stole oyer the thing; gradually its 1 cloudy folds took shape—an arm appeared, then legs, then a body, and last a great sad face looked out of the vapour. Stripped of its filmy housings, naked, muscular, and comely, the majeBtic Cardiff Giant loomed above me 2 All my misery vanished—for a child might know that no harm could come with that benignant countenance. My cheerful spirits returned at once, and in sympathy with them the gas flamed up brightly again. Never a lonely outcast was so glad to welcome company as X was to meet the friendly giant. I said,— " Why, is it nobody but you ? Do you know, I have been scared to death for the last two or three hours ? I am most honestly glad to see you. I wish I had a chair . .Here, here, don't try to sit down in that thing!" But it was too late. He was in it before I could stop him, and down he went—I never saw a chair shivered so in my life. "Stop, atop, you'll ruin ev " Too late again. There was another crash, and another chair was resolved into its original elements. " Confound you, haven't you got any judgment at all? Do you want to ruin all the furniture in the place ? Here, here, you petrified fool " But it was no use. Before I could arrest him he had sat down on the bed, and it was a melancholy ruin. " Now what sort of a way is that to do ? First you come lumbering about the place bringing a legion of vagabond goblins along with you to worry me to death, and then when I overlook an indelicacy of costume which would not be tolerated anywhere by cultivated people except in a respectable theatre, and not even there if the nudity were of your sex, you Tepay me by wrecking all the furniture you can find to sit down on? And why will you? You damage yourself as much as you do me. Tou have broken off tbe end of your spinal columns, and littered up the floor with chips off your hams till the place looked like a marble-yard. Tou ought to be ashamed of yourself—ypu are big enough to know better." " Well, I will not break any more furniture. But what am I to do ? I have not had a chance to sit down for a century." And the tears came into his eyes. " Poor devil," I said, " I should not have been so harsh with you. And you are an orphan, too, no doubt. But sit down on the floor here—nothing else can stand your weight—and besides, we cannot be sociable with you away up" there above me : _ I want you down where I can perch on this high counting-house stool and gossip with you face to face." So he sat down on tbe floor, and lit a pipe which I gave him, threw one of my red blankets over his shoulders, inverted my sitz-bath on his head, helmet fashion, and made himself picturesque and comfortable. Then he crossed his ancles, while I renewed the fire, and exposed the flat, honey- combed bottoms of his prodigious teet to the grateful warmth. " What is the matter with the bottom of your feet and the back of your legs, that they are gouged up so." " Infernal chilblains — I caught them clear up to the back of my head, roosting out there under Newell's farm. But I love the place; I love it as one loves his old home. There is no peace for me like the peace I feel when I am there." We talked along for half an hour, and then I noticed that he looked tired, and spoke of it. "Tired?" he said. "Well, I should think so. And now I will tell you all about it, since you have treated me so well. I am the spirit of the petrified man that lies across the street there in the museum. I am the ghost of the Cardiff Giant. I can have no rest, no peace, till they have given that poor body burial again. Now what was the most natural thing for me to do, to make .men satisfy this wish ? Terrify them into it—haunt the place where the body lay! So I haunted the museum night after night. I even got other spirits to help me. But it did no good, nobody ever came to the museum at midnight. Then it occurred to me to come over the way and haunt this place a little. I felt that if I got a hearing I must succeed, for I had the most efficient company that perdition could furnish. Night after night we have shivered around through these mildewed halls, dragging chains, groaning, whispering, tramping up and down stairs, till to tell you the truth I am almost wore out. But when I saw a light in your room to-night I roused my energies again and went at it with a deal of the old freshness. But I am tired out— entirely fagged out. Give me, I beseech you, give me some hope! " I lit off my perch in a state of excitement, and exclaimed— "This transcends everything! everything that ever did occur! Why you poor blundering old fossil, you have had all your trouble for nothing—you have been haunting a plaster cast of yourself—the real Cardiff Giant is in Albany! Confound it, don't you know your own remains ? " I never saw such an eloquent' look of shame, of pitiable humiliation overspread a countenance before. The Petrified Man Tbse slowly to his feet,, and said — " Honestly, is that true ? " " As true as I am sitting here." He took the pipe from his mouth, and laid it on the mantel, then stood irresolute a moment, (unconsciously, from old habit, thrusting his hands where his pantaloon pockets should have been, and meditatively dropping his chin on his breast), and finally said— - Well—I never felt so absurd before. The Petrified Man haB sold everybody else, and now the mean fraud has ended by selling its own ghost! My son, if there is any charity left in your heart for a poor friendless phantom like me, don't let this get out. Think how you would feel if you had made j such au aes ot yourself," I heard his stately tramp die away step by step down the stairs and out into, the deserted street, and felt sorry that he was gone, poor fellow—and sorrier still that he had carried off my red blanket and my bath-tub. 