Mr. John Johnson, of Dry Plain, Kiandra Road, writes on 15th October: — ' I received no paper those two weeks.' We have posted the Manaro Mercury regularly to Mr. Johnson, in care of the Kiandra mailman. Mr. Johnson would oblige by asking the mailman where he left the paper, as we have an impression that some one is reading Mr. John John son's paper on the cheap, and we would like to interview in another place the petty pilferer. A (joitoit.— A carpenter doing nn odd job in tin) hunli Biwnn lime ngo cnlcrfjd :i freo seleclor'K lint, tho domicilo nf tiro lmy«, tvhoso rntiuns consisted of nine poiiiidii of lii'cf nml four puunJs nf bread, nml had a repast'. Wlien the Iiiivm cnine homo with their Rher-p, their visitor iti Irntlneed liiumctf, and iulitiintu.l -tlinl hunger hud led him to n,nUo (rjo with their Wonil mid buef. Tim glutton, n rara avis of Ooo'nn, confes^Kci lo polihh ing off llm 9 lbs. of in nt mid 4 Ib*. or hrniid. Tho ladii went lu bod suppurlosx, not vcrv full of grulilude In their visitor. An Ari'.wimoN. — Somn timo ngo, up fjoetvillo way, two votfiritm of ISucclins wero pursuing thnir circular pnlh Iioiih' wnnls, when they draw nenr n tree wlier' a mnn liml Lcnn killed hy n full from a hnrso a little wllilu previomly, and lliu subject (hat storLiid up was gliosls. Oik gruw pot valiant — would rout nnv Hpirit tlmt barred Imk passiign — evou ll'iny ilnck's. llix compnnion wnrneil tiim against having nny Inrkiuirs nboul spirits, and was a tiMi.'ViT evidently in !,|,c sup T- iinltii-nl. They hiid linn-ly ci'nieil npoitk in^when they espied rocliniiign^niiisllhc futed Irep lliu gllosl. BlrAiglilwiiy (olliu spirit did the first KpenW repair, nnd coin ineiico iiav.iiling llm spirit with choice luibli cliinHion. Up rose tho ghost, and Tom, larkiiigs not inclined for, bolted for his hut, leaving his valiant inatn to con for with the Bpiiils. Turn r^uclicd his abode in doiihlo-quick timn, liflod thu Inteh, and had just congratulated liim sulf on his happy deliverance when thu the door was forced in, nnd in rushed his imtlo, wbilaas affhont. All ln» valor had oozed out. A few liours later, tho ghost himself walked in. Il dooms (hat tho cnuso of nil tho alarm— Iho suppnsod ghost — was a man who had taken r liltlo loo mnoti beer, and hail laid him self down lo filui-p till ho got sober. Mr. William Ling, wino merchant, an oiii colonist, of fij-.liiuy, is dead. Tin: Micalago correspondent of tho Qiiettnlir.i/an Age n.iys Unit 40 per cent, of of tho lambs dropped this season have died. Mr. Vnn Hflylliiiysen, lntoly toacliorof the school at Voung, Iiiih boon appointed lo Iho chargo ol Queanboynn l'ublie London Wool Sams.— W. Mori mid Co., in their circular diitcl London. 31st August, spy : — ' Wo il.j not think tliol N.S.W. wools wore, as a rule, luoruOiau ill. Jier II)', clicnpnr on Iho 12tb iiiBUlit than on Clli of Alriy.' Tun Hon. tbo Altorncy-Clcnorai tint decided that srjuallcrs who have lintsos of pnstorril land* of less than fivo miles square — 1 0,000 acros— cannot apply for I'je puHia«a of Isnd iinilor iho ,11st cluusi) ol Ilia AinuMidi-d Land Act, consequently nnuiTOMS applications tvhicli irern innlis oiuco llm passing of the Act nro declared invalid. JfunwBuoUs OuT&kas.;— Tho Quean began Age reports Hint a shepherd nuiuad Chiirlos Uuckloy, nt Giimlroo Flat, Mr.. C. A. Slnssey'i) station holwcen (ianda roo and Gunning, knocked down tvilb an nxo his narauiour, one Jaiio Crabtroe. They bud been drinking on the night of tha occurrence the 1 8th instant. Duck ley, who is lictwcon A0 and 70 years of ago, stoles that she tried to strangle him. The woman says sho threatened to Icavs him, when he dragged her out of bod, put his fo;ot on bor neck, and dealing her several blows on the 'head with an axe, she became insensible ? Prisoner was brought before, the Gundaroo Police 'Court on Tuciday, and remanded till Thursday. ' Tun body of a man named Juhn Ryan is reported to bo found in iho river near Hny; he is supposod toiiavo committed snicido while under tho influence of drink. He has been missing for three wcoks. Catholic PnttsnvTitn?. — As may ho soon by advnrliseinont, tenders, t\\- be sent to Mr. J. J. Cronin, secrotary to the building commillor, and to bo en dorsed 'Tender for Presbytery,' by 4th November, are inviled. Tho building will bo handsome. We regret to have to record the death of another very old inhabitant, Mrs. Margaret McDonald, mother of Mrs. Flora McDonell, of the Argylo Inn, Montaguc-strcct, and of Mrs. Smith, of Gonlburn, who died at her son's residencu at Grant's Plats on Monday evening last at the advanced age of nmoty-lhreo years. Deceased, who was n nativo of Inverness, Scotland, came}to this country in 1839, and had since resided in the Goulbuni district.- It may be mentioned as a remarkable fact that she never learnt tbe English jahguag«,aud only spoko Gaelic, —Southern Aryus, l-'tb October^ 