THE GREAT POLICY AND THE ; LAND QUESTION. 10 TEE EDITOR. Sir—Would it not be as well, now the Par liamentary recess will stretch almost through this month, to stave off the assembling of Par liament altogether by some kind of political conjuring indefinitely, and allow the bewilder ingiy grand and progressive policy to fully develop itself in a comfortable and undisturbed recess of prolonged length, and as the Ministry is the concentrated wisdom, ability, tact, and talent of a Legislature of more than medioore merit, the Ministry can carry out its_ own policy, the.country will see the Ministry juBtly dealt by as regards supplies, Now for a Northern railway to reaoh 300 miles above Port Augusta, The imminent want of this railway was Been lately. It ~ is a piece of flagrant politloal injustice withholding this railway. Now, if there be not something wondrously comet-like about the " grand and progressive," let this Port Augusta and Far North Railway be undertaken forthwith; in faot, I am so dazzled by the grand and pro gressive tone of the policy, the expositors thereof seem to me like Jupiter and his satel lites ; and, pardon me, Shade of Galileo, the policy seemeth to me like the Milky Way, there is something so starry, and ethereal about it, so pet-like and lovable. Heavens ! I won der what the universe will think about it, I trust it . will not fizz off in meteoric coruscations into nothingness. Pro phetic soul of Hamlet; there is so' much of the excelsior, skysoraping, and highflying ring and tone about it. Oh, ye statesmen, shades of many nations, join me in wishing full de velopment and . success to it. Ghost of Am phictyon, return to this sublunary stage, and witness an apotheosis of Grand and Progressive 10 Pean, Hallelujah, God save the Queen, or anything else to express rapturous emotion in any living or dead language. Hurrah for statesmanlike conceptions and "Responsible Government," Mr, Editor, if It will please you I have a new idea or two beside the above, and perhaps if you approve of them in their practioal bearings you will recommend them to the public:—First, namely, a different plan of letting the pastoral Grown lands. There are many runs in the North and south of the Blinman consisting of first-rate grazing land now in the hands of overweening, over wealthy, and absentee squatters. Think you, Sir, that South Australia is benefited by one man owning and selling 60,000 acres of land, and pocketing cash 300 or 400 per cent, to spend elsewhere ? Now, one of those runs consisting of some hundreds of square miles, if it were sur veyed into smaller leaseholds of 5, 10, or 20 square mile blocks, there are hundreds Of people in the colony able and willing to take them from the Government, and pay the Government ten times the rent it received from the squatters for the " peoples' grass," Now, Sir, I say emphatically that the country is fully ripe for such a disposition of the nearer Northern runs as this; yes, and the country is languishing for the want of it. There are hundreds of settlers in the country, half agricultural and half pastoral, stultified by this want. It will pay better to send wool to Europe than wheat, and this is just the Pasto ral Lands' scheme to produce cheap beef and mutton for our people of Adelaide and other towns of South Australia. This scheme, Sir, would reault in great good to hundreds of small stockholders or squatters; the revenue from those lands would be increased twentyfold. There are hundreds of "cockatoos" within 45 miles of Adelaide who are pacing 33. and 4s. per acre for land (in North Rhine, Soath Rhine, and in Flaxman's "Valley, and other places); for graz ing only. What would the bloated squatters think if they had to pay the Government the 36th or 48th parts of these grass rents ? There would be a howl of distress from the squatter ocracy sufficient to rend the ," North Oountrie;" 2nd. To avoid playing into the hands of land monopolists ultimately, a man ought to be allowed to take up three square miles, say 2,600 acres, at £1 or 20s. per acre, then we should have a good middle class of people here by-and- by. The three and four 80-acre section men will sell out eventually to larger holders, in fact they will create a future class of land monopolists. An area of 2,000 acres would enable a man to keep a flock of sheep, and a small herd of cattle or horses. This is all as obvious as sunshine. It would require the area of a continent or two to enable our nomadic farmers to'carry on their shifting system of working the land, unless they happily find out some more successful system of treating the land. But this cannot be; therefore the men of capital, like scavengers, will take up their impoverished land, and keep It, or let it for grazing until the land recovers its tone, when chey will very likely retail it again, and clear thereby three or four hundred per cent. Thus I have shown how our pastoral Crown lands can be utilised twenty-fold. This will apply to all lands south of the Blinman, and even to lands lying as far north as Umberatana (remember how the agricultural area scheme was disbelieved in when first framed). Why should very wealthy men have the sole use and monopoly of those lands? Give smaller capitalists the opportunity to clear a few thou sands of pounds. Every wealthy sfceepmaster, fenced in up to his eyes, is an incubus on the face oi the oountry. He is little better than a oockatoo (a good agricultural farmer), as au employer of labor. He pays a .mere pittance to the revenue, and sometimes he makes himself wings and takes himself off to other lands to. spend his money, only looking to South Australia occasionally for her generous sup» plies of the ever-welcome cash. I will show you, Sir, how to make a good boy "of the ab sentee, and core him of his habit of.showing us bis baok. First, an Act should be framed, ren dering it legal for the Government or colony of South Australia to seize for the uses of the. colony 15 per cent, of each permanent ab sentee's income. The exact amount of his inoome could be made ascertainable by officers appointed under the above mentioned Act, which might be denominated the Abseentees'" Act. The above-mentioned uses should be: construed to mean South Australian reproduc tive works, such as railways, telegraphs, &c.; To finish up with, as_we have some nice fat and bloated land proprietors—large, very large ones—all should be compelled by the law of the land to pay to the revenue, for public uses, twopence per aore for every and each aore they possess over 2,000 acres, which last number of aores should be the maximum number of acres to constitute a sufficient South Australian yeoman. I am. Sir, &c..QL00Ml;)itEK..: Edgi Valley, Mai 2 