CARITA. By MHB. OLIPHANT, AUTHOH OP "THB OHBOKIOI.ES OP OABLINGFOBD," " THU PERPETUAL CURATE," ETC. CHAPTER III.-HONEY-MOONING. The real honey-inoon is not always a delightful m unent. This, which sounds like heresy to the romantic, and blasphemy to the young, is a fact which a great many people acknowledge readily enough when they have gone beyond the stage at which it sounds like an offence to the wife or to the husband who is supposed to have made that period rapturous. The new pair have not the easy acquaintance with each other which makes the happiness of close compau ouship ; perhaps, tko have not that sympathy with each other s tastes, which, is almost a better practical tie than simple love. They are ha f afraid of each other ; they are making discoveries every clay of new poiuis in each other's characters, delightful or uudeligbtful as may be, which bewiide; their first coulldeuce of uuiou; and the more mind aud feeling there is between them, t ie more likely in this to be the case. The shallow and superficial " get oh' bettwr than those who ha .« a great deal of excellence, or tender depth of sentiment, to be found out. But after the pair have come to full acquaintance; after they have learnd each other from ABC up to the most difficult chapter; after the intercourse ol' ordinary life has borne its fruit, th «re is nothing in the world so delightful as the honey-mooning which has passed by years the legitimate period of the honey-moon. Sometimes one sees respectable -fathers and mothers enjoying it, who have sent off .their cbildreu to the orthodox honey-moon, and .only then feel with a surprised pleasure how sweet 'it is to have the r own solitude a deux, to be left ito themselves for a serene and happy moment; to feel themselves dearer and nearer ihan they ever were before. There is .something infinitely touching fand tender in this honey-mooning of the old. .James Beresford aud Iiis wife, however, were not .of ttitise. They were still young, and of all the pleasures they had hero was n me equal to this c!o>e and unbroken companionship. They knew 'each other *o well, and al Lbeir mutual taster that they scarcely required to put their intercourse luto words ; and yet, how they would talk, about every thing, about nothing, as if they had just met, after a long absence, and had thoughts to exchange on every subject. This is a paradox ; but wo are not bound to explain paradoxes v.,hich are of the., very essence of life, and the most attractive things in .it. It had been the habit of these two to go every ( where together. Mrs. Beresford had not the pre- i judices of an Engli.-h female Philistine. She went where her husband wanted to gu, fearing nothing, and trotted about with him high and low, through j pictiii'H-gallerie's and old churches, to studios, even behind the «cenes of the operas, ana through the smoke clouds of big ateliers. Nothing came amiss to her with bim by her side. It is almost,the only way in which a woman can enjoy 'the frèedoin pf' movement, the easy locomotion of a man. Mrs. Beresford went away quit« cheerfully, as we have said. She forgot or put away her mysterious terrors. She addressed herself to all th« ordinary enjoyments which she knew so well, " We «hall never be so free again," she said, half laughing, half with a ramWe infinitesimal pang. *' We shall have to go to tlie correct places, aud do the right things, when Cara is with us. Wo must *ive up bric-a-brnc," she said afterward. Cara must not grow up acquainted with all those dusty back premises; her pretty frocks would bo spoiled, and her infantine sincerity. If she had heard you bargaining, »Tames, for that Buen Retiro cup ; say- ing it is naught, it is naught, and then bragging of the treasure you had found as soon as it waB OUT. of the dealer's hands." " Well," he said, with a shrug of bis shoulders, " T only do as other people do. Principles pf honour don't consist with collecting. I am nb worse than my neighbours." "But that will never do for Oar a," said' the mother; "if you and I are not all her fancy painted us, we will oot do for Cara. Ko ; I thought ' you had nev«r remarked her really. She is the most uncompromising little idealist! and if we disappoint her, Janies, f don't know what the child will do." " lt appears to nie that 5'ou are making a bug- bear of Cara." "Nu; but I know her. We must give np tho bric-a-brac, for if you continue with it under her blue eyes you will be ruined. If she were here Hil« would make j ou go back and tell the ni'hke has sold you that cup too cheap." '. That wou'd be nonsente," said Mr. Beresford, involuntarily putting his hand into the ^pocket where he kept bis money. '-Folly ; you don't suppose e gave half as much for it as he sold it to us for. The very mention of that sort of .sickening conscientiousness puts one out. Wu, are to sell in the dearest and buy in the Cheapest market, ebp That's the true pr neible of trade"; " lt is not ia the Bible though " safd Mrs. Beres- ford, with a smile. " Cara will open her eyes and wonder ; and you, who are the weakest ,pf men, , could never staud against ker, if Cara made bigf eyes." . .., " The weakest of men. You flatter me, it must be allowed-" " Yea, ¡«o you are, James. You could not endure to be disapproved of. What would: have become of you if 1, instet d of giving in to all i our ways, had been a more correct and proper person9 - If I had made you visit just the right things-go to English parties, and keep to the proper sort of tourist society ?. If you had been obliged tou sit in doors in the evenings and read a Galignanior Ja Tauchnitz novel while I worked, what would have become of you? I know weir enough for my part." I should have done it, I suppose,'he said, half laughing ; " and will Cara, little Cara be like that? You frighten me, Annie; we had better make away with her somehow ; marr her, or hand hör over to the aunts, before if. comes to this." f . Then a sudden change came over the'smiling face. ' ' "" " Cara, or some one else, will most likely, be like that. Poor James! I foresee trouble for you. How you will think of me when you are in bonds ! : when you want to go out and roam about pu the ; Boulevards, and have to sit still instead, and read I to somebody ! Ah ! how you will think of me ; i you will say, Poor Annie 1 if Annie had but lived " ; " What is this ; what is this ?" he said. Again j Annie ! I tkink you want to make me miserable ; to take all tho comfort out of my life." " Oh no, not that," she said. " I am only going to get my bonnet, and then we shall go out* Cara is not here yet to keep us in order. We can honey- moon yet for one more year." Was this emly the caprice of her nature (she had always been capricious) going a little further than usual? Her husband liked her all the better for her quick cLanges of sentiment the laughing and crying that were like au April sky. He said to himself that she had always been like that; always changing in a moment, quarreling sometimes even, making him uncomfortable for mere variety. Monotony was the the thing she hated ; and now she had taken this fad, this fancy, aud thought herself ill. Hosv could she be ill when she could ruu about with him and eujoy heis If as much as ever ? How keen she had been in the bric-a-brac shop of which she had chosen to talk 1 He never should have found out that Buen Ketiro cup ttut for her. It was ber sharp eyes that saw it. lt was she who had rummaged through tho dust ana all the commonplace gatherings to those things which had really interest. 111! though all the Col- lege of Ph siana Bwore it, and she to the hoot, he would not believe Lhat she was i l. Disturb ance of the system, that was all the worst of them ever said ; but how litle meaning there was in that I Out of sorts: reduced to plain English, that was what disturbance of the system meant; and every body was subject to that. She came in while he was in the full course of these thoughts with a brilliant little flush on her cheeks, her eyes shining, ber whole aspect full of animation. " I am ready, sir," she said, making him a mock- ing courtesy. ¿aYes, cupriciosa, that was what she had always been, and ne loved her for it. It explained her changes, hur fancies, hnr strange nouons, better than any thing else could do, That was the first day, however, on which her strength really showed s.ymptoms of breaking down. She got tired, which was a thing she never owued to ; lust the pretty flush on her cheek, became pale, aud worn out. " I don't kuow what is tao matter with me," she said ; " all at once I feel to tired." # ' And with very good reason," said he. .* Think how, rapidly we have been travelling ; think what we have' been doing 'since.1 Why, you were on foot the whole morning. You are tired j- so am I,, for that II atter. ,.,¡1 was ^thinking et -saying so, but you aro always so hard upon; my ¡little fatigue. 'What .a¡ comfort» for cuetto hndithat you,.too, for once in a way, can give.in J" .. v.vi ?" :N ÍÍ(i, -, Thus lie tried to take.,horjfavpurjteJp,art*and laugh her out of .her terrors,... She consented; with a sinile -moréi serious than her, gravity -had. been, of old, and they went back to their room au$ dined " quietly ;" and he eat and read to her,.according, to the picture of Knglish domesticity, which'.äl»e had drawn out with .snaUes a few hoius jbôfÔrèï.v>Iti was so soon after that tirade of hers that, they: could not but remember it both of them.,, As it; happened there wa« nothing but aTaucknitz novel; to read (and :who that has been ill or .sad, or1 who nas had illness or sadness to solace in ,a foreign place, but has blessed the novels pf .Tauchnitz Y),: and he read it, scarcely knowing what .tho' words were which fluttered before his eyes. And as for her, she did not take m neb notice of the story either, but lay on the sofa, aud listened, partly to. his voice, partly to the distant sound pf the band playing, with strange heaviness and aching in her heart, lt was not that .«he wished to be out lis- tening to the band, moving about in the warm. air,, hearing the babble of society, that was, not what she cared for ; but to be; lying there ¿ut óf¡ ¡the . current, to have dropped. asido out, of [ the! stream, to be unable for the common strain of life. So he read, sadly, thinking, not knowiug what he read, and she half listened, not knowing what she lis- tened to. It was the first time, and the first time is the worst, though the best. ? It is only once in a way," he said to her, when the long evening was over. " To-morrow you will .be as well as ever." And so she was. It was the most natural thing in the world that both or either Of them should be tired once in a way. ' .. The Beresford* stayed for a, long time on the Continenc that year. They went/to .a great many placea. They stayed ai.Baden till they, were tired. 9Î the place. They went to Dresden, because Mrs.' beresford took a fancy; to see the great San Sisto picture? again. Then they went on to; lovely old world Prague, and to.lively Vienna, and through the Tyrol to Milan, and then back again , to the Italian lakes. Wherever they went they found people wkoui it was pleasant, to know, whom* they had met. before on their many journeys, people of all countries and everw tougueï noble people, beautiful people, clever people ; the tort of society which can only be had by taking á great deal of trouble, abaut ït,.and which even with.the greatest amount of trouble many people mifcs, en- tirely. This society included ambassadors and hill farmers, poor cures, bishops, great statesmen, and professors who were passing rich on Ave shilling« a day. Nothing was too treat or too little for them, and as wherever, th*y.went they had beeá before, so wherever they went they found friends. Sometimes, it was. only a chambermaid, but there she wae nevertheless with a pleasant human smile. And to tell the truth, James Beres- ford began to be very glad of the f riendly cham- ber mai ds? and to calculate more where they were to be found than upon any other kind of pociety, for his wife had followed her usual practice of coming without a maid, and as her strength flagged of ten he was thankful, too thankful, to have some one .who would be tender of her, and care for her as he himself was not always permitted to do, and as,nobody else but a woman could. . h how be longed to get home, while he wandered about from one beatiful spot to another, hating the fine scenery, loathing and sickening at every thing he "hadjloved Commonplace London and the square with its comforts would have pleased him a hun- dred times better than lovely Como or the wild glory pf ti e mountains, but she would not hear of ' going home. One day when the solemn English . of a favourite Kammer Madchen had roused bini ' to the intolerable nature of the situation, he had i tried indeed with all his might tp inoye her to I return. * , ' i " Yorr goot lady," Gretchen had said,f< is nod ; well. . I don't undershtand yeta* goot lady. She would be bedder, mooch bedder *t 'onie, in Lenton." . ? " I think, you are right, Gretchen," he said, and very humbly went m to try what he could do. " My love," he said, " I am beginning to get tired of the Tyrol, I should like to get home. The Societies are beginning. I see Huxley's lec- tures start next week. I like to be there you i know when all my friends are there; Shouldn't I you be pleased to get home?" ' " No," she said. She had been lying oh the sofa, I but got up as soon as he came in. " You know I hate autumn in London. The fogs kill me. I can't, ¡ I can't go back to the fog«., Go yourself James i if you please, and attend all your dear societies, 'and bear Mi'. Huxley. Take me to Como first, land get me rooms that look on the jake, and, I hire Abbondio'S 'boat for rae, and then you can go." ' , ' , v It is likely that I should go,'* lie said, " without vou, my darling 1 "When did I ever leave you*?. But there are so many comforts ». thorne you can't ave here; and advice, I want advice! You dont get bettt-r so fast as I hoped," , ; Sh" looked at him with a strange smile. " No, I don't get, better, do I ?" she said. " Those doctors tell suoA lies ; but I don't get worse* James ; you mufl tallow I don't get worse. I am not so strong as I thought I'«as, I can't go running about every where asl usea todo, lam getting old you know. After thirty I believe there ts always a difference ." What nonsense, Annie. There is no difference in you. You don't get back your strength - " ; " That's it. That's all. If you were to leave me quite alone and quv>t, to recruit now ? Yes, I think I should like to know you were in London, enjoying yourself. Why shouldn't » ou enjoy yourself H Women get worn out sooner than meo aud i dou't want to cripple you, James. No. Take me to Cnuao. I have taken a fancy to Como, nd then yeu eau come back for me whenever you please." " I am not going to leave you," he said, with a sigh, You must nut be unreasonable, my dar- ling. What pleasure would it be to me to go home without you. It was you I was thinking; of. I For ra* it is all right. I ana. quite happy nero. As for Huxley and the rest, you don't think I was caring for thom. It was you.I was thinking of." VrrYou ; said the Societies;: ;" Whatever . you :do, JameB, speak th,e^truth. ..ïauppuse," she added, with a laugh:, ¿whjfcbj ' po'undçd^ Harfch, " you are jLimidU[.^halI_gèt..yery' "iii;. diel.iDerJbap.^aiîi-iiy from home r" , Poor man ! Whatt;was^,tio to «vy ? " Oh, Annie," he cried, *4 how you stab me ! If I thought anything oi' thel kindly ou, kno w -.I'd h /ye .Shv W,i 1 liainhcre toruiprrow, ,or any ; one, if it should çest . maali) 1 haye, j I k)i ow very; well,there if; np dan- cer," he went on, taking,a. certain forlorn comfort. ¡! out '-.'¡of his? owa>bOld words; :"¡ but, you, don't iyet; up your strength, ;as. you ¡ought, and knock ; ing about: in -thesey bare; irooms canît jbe, good. ; for you .;.>ead. living: as; we are,;tand,.you-haye ¡no;maid-'Nv , <r¡ :?>.?<>) . .; . , -,¡ . iv'M hate a maid. I like Gretchen, a groat deal : bettor, ; She makes sp much of mei, :;¡j ",.\u; : ; " Tken> take Gretchen with;, you,' my. dearest,; t^e.çher to Como.; /Keep her with you till you get hnmft." -, .. ?. ? . ... ... - " Oh,1 how like a man that is," she said, langhing. vTake Gretchen with me, Gretchen, who is her father's only daughter, the life and suul of the place. What would he do without Gretchen P He would have to shut up altogether. I might, drop out of the world and I would not be missed half so much as she would. Do you know 1 begin to get tir«d of .this place and the hills, James," she cried, starting up. " Let us go and ask about Donato .and his horses. £ want to get to Como before October.Why, we'll come in for the vintage. I like: the vintage ; and there are advertisement« ever where about a sale at one of the villas. We snail be sure to pick up something. Is it too late to start to- day P" , ' *' My darling, when you take a thing in your head -' ' <?? ... ;;* Yes, tb be sure, I like to do it all at once. I was always hot-headed. Now mind, we are to start to-morrow. I always loved Como, James, yoii know I always did. We went there the first year, we were married. I don't call it honey mooniug when we don't go to Como ; and remem- ber this is our last bout of honev-mooning. We s all have Cora next year.' She laughed, and was very gay all the evening, delighted with the idea of the change. But when he put her into Donatos big old fashioned vetiura .iiext rn» ming, nnd saw everything fastened,on, and prepared for the long, slow journey poor Beresford, waa very sad. Ile thought if he could only have a long talk with Maxwell, and hear what Sir William had got tos y,andkuow what it was that he bad to lear, he should bo le s un- happy. There mue¡t be something, or she would not be so strange. What was it ? Almost any- thing was better he thoueht than fighting in cha dark, fighting with ghosts, not knowing what you were afraid of. She waB quite light hearted at first, interested with the drive, and waved her hands to the hills as they went slowly but of sight. *' Good-by," she said, "you dear old gin nts. I hope those white furs Of yours will keep you warm till we bring:Cara.- What, will Cara.think of the mountains ? She never saw any thing'better than Sunninghill." . "Sunninghill has the effect of being much higher than it is with that great level stretch'of /lat country, lt impresses the imagination just us < much ns your giants. Don't laugh. Annie, But y «ur mountains stifle me. I never have air enough to breathe. I like miles and miles of country round me. You know my weakness." Sunninghill before the A ipa !" she cried, laugh- ing. "'Tis clear you are á true cocknéy. Give me your shoulder for a pillow. 1 think I shall go to Bleep." And so she did ; and the horses jogged on ana on, now slow, now fast, their bells jingling, and Donato'a whip making harmless circles and (dashes over their beads ; and houses and hedge-vows, and slopes of mountain Hew past in a dream. James Beresford could see nothing but the wan lines of the face that rested on his shoulder, solemn in that deep sleep of weariness. Mow worn she was ! how pale ; growing whiter he thought, and whiter, till sometimes in terror he stooped down close to make sure that the pale lips were Darted by living breath. (TO BB CONTINUED.) -! ' J" ? - ? --i"1 l"'.'.".!L . On Saturday afternoon, while the pick-up goods train, which left sydney at teu minutes pust 12 oVolook, was proceeding towards tho Newtown etatiou, a man, whone name is at present unknown and who was tres- passing on tho line, was knocked do wu and killed by the traiu. At. the time of the occurrence which happened near the upare ourringo «bed at Redfern, the traiu was going slow and not faster than 18 miles a" hour. The driver of the engine ( Mr. Edward Williams), and the fireman (Mr. Ja'neB Wallace; bosh assert that they »aw dect'ORcd walking leisurely along the i eaten track out- side o£ tho rails in the di root ion of the train. They took littlo or no notice of the deceased, who was oat of the way of danger, and especially as the truck in which deceased was walking is much ' traversed by the railway employees and ' others. * owever, they became alarmed when the engine reached within fifteen'yardd of the deceased to see him (the deceased) . eiiberately, cross and step in fro ut of the engine, as it' he contotHplated self-destruction. Thoy immediately shut off the steam and put the breaks on, brinuing the train to a standstill at a little more tliau thirty yards, but not before deceased was knocked down by the engine and run over by nearly twenty of che loaded trucks, Death mast have been instantaneous, for the body waB frightfully mutilated and tho nook broken. The body was removed'from betwen the rails and glaced in the break van by Henry King and '-John ergm, who were tho guards of the train. ' Tho train then returned to Sydney, and , the body waa convoked to the dead-house of the Benevolent Asylum, in charge of Stationmaster Kvms. Dr. Markey shortly afterwards examined +hó body, which prt'seutod a sickening spectacle. The supposition is that deceased couimibted suicide, an he must have eceii tho'train coming, and as he deliberately walked in front ol the engiue and turned round to face tho engine without, any effort tn avoid being run over. DOOI'R'HPII waa appnrunfly by his dress, a working man, aged about 4" year* An inquest was held on Mo uu¿ at the Bouovi 1 it 8j lum ancla verdlot of accidental death found by the jury. 