©fie eSfifliuö JWorntag $eralîu MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1876. THH state of Russian finance bas been fre- quently referred to as a reason -why tbo CZAR may be expected to do bia best to avoid a European -war. Russia 'will not go to war, it is said, because sbo baa not the money to pay for a war. As tbe question of European peace or war is a matter of great concern everywbere, tbe financial condition of Russia thus becomes a question of universal interest. Besides tbe immediate question of peace or war, tbero is the fact that for years past Russian funds bave been replenished principally from tbe wealth of England. Russia and England are commonly regarded as traditional foes ; but the vast preparations which Russia has made for war against some nation or other, and against England as soon as anybody else, have* been very largely made with English money. This is the difference between England and Russia at the outset. England is rich and Russia is poor ; tho one has more money than eTio wants, tho other is in a fair way of having nono at all. The wealth of England has led to English financial relations with most of the world. Millions of surplus cash must find an outlet somewhere. One result of this is the investment of enormous quantities of English capital in foreign bonds, and another is that a discovery of rottenness in these bonds produces something like a panic in the English money market. The failure of one foreign bond after another has recently furnished some of the most stirring themes in the English newspapers and Borne of the most exciting events in the orena of speculation. Until very recently, however, Russia contributed little or nothing to the general depression. Turkish and Egyptian securities might be rotten, but there was one consolation left to speculators, and it was that " Russians " were right. The prompt advice of the knowing ones on the English Stock Exchange has been, " If you want sound investment stocks, buy ' Russian ' " This English faith in Russian securities lias been growing ever since the Crimean war. It has arisen partly from a vague idea of the vastness of Russian power, partly from an impression, rather than from definite informa- tion, to the effect that Russia is a country with inexhaustible resources, and partly from the system of strict payments and of keeping up appearances which was established at the time of the Crimean war, and which has been kept up ever since. During the last few months, however, this confidence has been abnost entirely destroyed. Russian stocks, which took a foremost place in the rnurket, have depreciated during the present year to the tune of some twenty- fivo per cent. The discovery has been made that Russia is also on the verge of bankruptcy, and that the differ- ence between Russia and Turkey is meiely that Turkey has reached the goal and Russia is on the way to it No one who takes the most cursory glance of the disclosures which the English Press has recently made respecting Russian finance can doubt that there is some ground for this. Tho amount 'of money that has been lent to Russia, princi- pally by English bondholders, is about £390,000,000. The whole of this money has been borrowed during the last forty years. £180,000,000, or an average of about £18,000,000 a year, has been borrowed, prin- cipally in England, since 1862. These enor- mous loans have been used by Russia to make up the annual deficiencies in the revenue, to construct military railways, and to keep her 7o0,000 soldiers ready to fight the countries which furnish them with the means of existence. The real value of the assets which Russia has to show for this enormous debt of £390,000,000 ia said not to exceed £15,000,000. This astounding difference between lia- bilities and assets is accounted for in several ways. A large portion of this money was borrowed for the purposes of military, and therefore of non-reproductive,railways. About £26,000,000 of the annual revenue of Russia is spent for war purposes. More than i £15,000,000 is used in the service of the ' public debt. These two items amount to more than half of the revenue, and they are both entirely non-reproductive. Again, the loans on Russian railways are said to have amounted to £12,000 a mile, whereas the amount really spent' on the lines did not exceed £5000 a mile. 4 £7000 in every £12,000 remained, therefore, for other purposes of State besides those of rail- ways. The difference between Russian liabilities and Russian assets is further accounted for by the fact that for thirty years, ¡ or between 1832 and 1802, the annual deficit of the Russian Government amounted to £7,000,000 per annum. This deficiency was made up by foreign loans, Sinco 180*2 the Russian deficit has been much smaller, for this reason however, that the loans have been much larger. It seems that before 18G2 Russian statesmen used their foreign loans to make up a deficiency ; sinco that they have adopted the moro ingenious method of using the loans to prevent a deficiency. As Russian accounts are not audited and daro not be criticised, tho State Treasurer hns no ' difficulty in hypothecating every annual ' Budget. The eyes of the world have been blinded by the fact that every Russian Hud got has produced either a surplus or an equilibrium. But this feat of making tho smaller sum appear tho larger ono has been managed by the custom of making the financial statement boforo tho expendi- ture and not after it. A defi- ciency of £10,000,000 at the end of a financial year is easily converted into a sur- plus of £5,000,000 by borrowing £15,000,000 in the London market and throwing it without explanations into the ordinary íovenuo.. This it appears has been the custom in Russia. During four recent years the annual deficits were trifling, but they have been made trifling by the fact that during those four yeard £50,000,000 was borrowed in the London market alone, and of this £50,000,000 no account whatever was rendered. The enormous borrowing propensities of Russia have necessitated the sending out of the country no less than £9,000,000 a year in the shape of interest, or moro than one seventh of the whole amount ruised both by direct and indirect taxation. The pay- ment of this stupendous sum is ren- dered possible, first by a cruel system of taxation which has to be kept up, notwith- standing tho £15,000,000 a year which has been borrowed iu tho London market ; second, by an enforced paper currency, which enables the Russians to carry on their own affairs almost without money, and with nothing more sub- stantial than small bits of papor with tho KMI'KIIOB'S mark on them. Tho entire amount of specie in Russia is said not to exceed £28,000,000. Third, tho Russians have made a good reputation as interest payers, by tho system of effecting a new loan for the purpose of furnishing means to pay the interest on the old ones. The practice that has prevailed in Russia for years past is that of paying the interest on borrowed money by means of borrowing additional money. The annual interest on £9,000,000 has been paid out of an annual draw from the London market of £15,000,000. The inevitable effect of a sys- tem like this, if continued, must be bank- ruptcy sooner or later; its immediate effect in Russia is a ruinous increase of expen- diture. The public expenditure of Russia in 1863 was only about £50,000,000, while the expenditure for 1876 is upwards of £80,000,000. With this increase of expendi- ture there is a gradual decrease in the avail- able sources of income. The grain trado of Russia ÍB being destroyed bj- the increasing grain trade of America. The Budget of Russia shows receipts for the present year of just £80,000,000, and about one half of this is raised on spirits and beer alone. Nearly the entito revenue is raised by the duties on drinkables and by a direct capitation tax. If this is the financial condition of Russia, the wonder will be that it was not disclosed years ago. That such has not been the case may be accounted for by the facts that tho Russian Press is compelled to keep silence, that Russian loans have been raised bj* inter- mediaries, the reward for whose trouble has been five per cent, on the sums borrowed, and that Europe is covered with Russian spies, whose business it is to preach up Russian interests and to silence criticisms. "When the applica- tion for the Russian loan of £15,000,000 for 1876 was made in the London market a few months ago, however, it was refused, and thus for the presont the borrowing of Russia is transferred from England' to France Tho impecuniosity of Russia might as easily be made an argument for going to war as for keeping out of it ; but that impecu- niosity will certainly deter the CZAII from huming into a war that would, in all proba- bility, end in bankruptcy and defeat. TIIK results of the University election will probably bo satisfactory to all classes. Whether this bo so or not, the Sydney Univer- sity has now a member of Parliament, I and that member is Mr. WINDKYEB. To the prosaic public, who do not so readily enter into the gloriousness of the event of last week as the candidates themselves \eiy naturally did, tho chief point of interest in this little Pailiamcntaiy drama is that Mr. WINDRYMI has ugain been returned as a member of the Assembly, and tho next is that the University of Sydney has now bocomo a real electorate district in New South Wales. No one can doubt that in point of intellectual ability Mr. WINDKYI-.R is quite equal to the task of representing this or any other electoral disttict in the colony. It must also be allowed that, on the ground of service iend«-red, Mt. WJNDKYHR is tully entitled to the new honour which he has now received. And yet it can hardly bo claimed that Mr. WINDEYER has fulfilled the hopes that were centicd in him twenty yeais ago, or that his public life has hitherto been a rcmarkabio success. This may be partly attributable to the ciicumstance that the hopes referred to were unwarrantably high ; but it is also attributable to the fact that in the political arena Mr. WINDEYER is not a master of strategy, and that he too frequently lays himself open to the sword of the enemy. If Mr. WINDEYER will leam to talk plain prose, will study to be a little less sensitive in the wordy warfares of politics, will learn to possess himself more coolly under exciting or provoking circumstances, will droD a little of that dramatic intensity "which waa the weak point in his able speech at the nomination on Thurs- day last, and will learn that the suaviter in modo is as necessary to success- ful public life, as the fortiter in re, he may yet attain to the political distinction ¡ for which he has ample ability, and to I which he evidently still aspires, notwith- standing the emphatic protestations he made when he retired from Parliamentary life a few years ago. We hope that too, much will not be mado of the idea that as member for the University Mr. WXNDRYRR will-occupy an unfettered and a unique - position in Parliament, and that by this eleotion th« electoral district of the University will be put upon its trial. If the University had sent an incompetent member to Parliament, ¡fe might have been fairly questioned whethor « wise step was taken when it was mudo an electoral district, A man of unquestioned ability,. however, while not forgetting that ho is a Member for the University of Sydney, should remember that in a higher sense lie is n member of th.» Parliament of New South Wales. Wo have lately been getting rather too much of the doctrine which teaches that a member of Parliament is a delegate of a constituency rather than a representative of the people. It will bo some satisfaction to know Mint the member for the University will have no demands for ronds and bridges, no petitions for local lines of railway, and no municipal or agravian grievances to detail to the ear& of the Assembly. But the members for the Uni» verbities of England are as truly party politi- cians of the every-day world description as the members for the masses of the great cities art«. After all that i& Baid, the member for a University represents a olaôs-the cultured class-but this is no reason why ho should bo a class member. The true principle of Parlia- mentary representation requires that every class in the community hhall be fairly repre- sented in the General Assembly of the people, and that the representatives of all CUISUBI shall minister to the wants not of any class or set of classes in paiticular, but to those of the community as n whole. The best system of representation is the one that supplies the most perfect balance of existiug forces, and the most perfect equili- brium among the different classes which compose society. The evil of former times was that tho equilibrium of society was disturbed in favour of the educated, or at least of the propertied, classes. The danger now is in exactly the opposite direction. For this among other reasons we welcome the event, which, if it does not give the University a voice in Parliament, gives it the privilege of supplying a member who will have the opportunity of improving the voice of Parliament itself. We suppose that the political provision for the University which was inserted in the Constitution Act was mado in imitation of the traditional models of tho mother country, rather than from any special regard to philosophical principles, or to the exigencies of this colony. We may, however, accept this provision as a recognition of the principle that education is a necessary element in every properly-adjusted system of representation And it is to be hoped that tho maintenance of this principle will not depend on any contingencies that may bingo on the election which has recently taken place. TUE assurauce of the MINISTER FOR LANDS that he was personally opposed to the selling of an iuch ot the reclaimed land at Blackwattle Swamp, and that he would take an early oppor- tunity of a-kiug the Cabinet to bring in a bill to repeal the Act which requires a portion of this laud to be sold, is very satisfactory. We have «gain and again protested against the selling ot any portion of this land lor private purposes, and have urged the adoption of nnmtidiate measures to move the Govern- ment to tike steps to secure the whole of the reclaimed land for purposes of recreation. It is encouraging to find that, although there has been no striking evidence of the fact, the authori- ties are of the same opinion its ourselves in this matter. We should have been better pleased if ^ the Government had anticipated public opinion, and had prevented the necessity for deputations by bringing in a bill last session. In that case months, and possibly years, might have been saved, and by this time the whole of the reclaimed land might have been actually set apart for recreation purposes. The state of the public health would have entirely warranted this step months ago, and the Government might have rendered a large service by a small trouble and with the least possible risk of opposition from any quarter. Butk of the Public Health measures of the present" Government have been started and prepared ia outline at least by a Commission. A far more substantial and enduring popularity might be made if the Government would moro frequently anticipate the public and less frequently wait for it. If Mr. GARRETT has been opposed to the selling of au inch of the land at Blackwattle Swamp, he might have done a meritorious service by pressing this on the Assembly before the close of the session. We are glad, however, that he said as much to the deputation on Wednesday last We hope that the bill which Mr. GARRETT thinks the Go- vernment will introduce will be really forth- coming. We have not the remotest doubt that the MINISTER FOR LANDS really meant what he said, and intended what he pro- mised to the deputation. But Ministerial promises are proverbially fragile, not so much through insincerity as through forgetfulness, and the stress of other things. Mr. GARRETT, as a Minister, is exceedingly obliging to deputations. He has little of the disposition to be disputatious that so often marks his chief under these circumstances. This is always an element of agreeableness, but it is not always an assurance ot success. One thing is certain, and that is that though there is a mistaken Act in existence at S resent, which says that a portion of the land at ¡lackwattlc Swamp must be sold, no portion of the laud eau be sold till the Government takes the initiative ; and after the assurance of Wednesday wo may hope that not an inch of the lund will be sold while'Mr. GARRETT is in power._ THE agrarian outrage committed by two free selectors iu Victoria, as reported by the Aryui, belongs to a class of offences which fortunately ara very rare in these c.ijonies. Nowhere is the laud of greater relative importance to the people, and prnb.tbly nowhere are there so many doubtful points of law, and so much room for conflicting interests. But commonly the Judges are appealed to for settlement of doubts which the legislators have created ; and if unsuccessful litigants often leave Court with the full conviction that somehow they have lost a good came, they are content with a verbal expression of their wrongs and still obey, if they do not respect, the law. In this case a» Lorumbarry the assistance of the Judges was dis- pensed with,and the aid of double-barrelledguna and duck shot resorted to instead, and but for the interference of the police the dispute must have ended fatally. Attempts of this kind cannot be too strongly condemned. The agrarian outrages in Ireland were for many yea« the most notorious, and sometimes the only kiud of crime with which the law Courts had to deal. They brought that beautiful land to the brink of anarchy, and retarded that boueficent legislation which has at last pacified the country, and become the foundation of future prosperity. The wort iug of our own land laws is far from satisfactory, and there is room for great improvement, lb»« improvement must spring from full «»" cuäsion, and the free expression of enlighteuea public opinion, not from the angry altercation ot different classes of settle«. The Member for w Upper Hunter, several times duriug last session; and again during the recess, has done much of inflammatory speeches to embitter the relation be- tween squatter and free selector. Sometime« be hal real grievances to make known aud real w'onH to denounce, but he would succeed far better ». bil discretion equalled hil zeal. A man who puts himself ¡forward as the champion of a class, cannot have his arguments too Btrong nor his tone too moderate, because he has to convince not hia partizans, but the general public, by whose suffrages the laws are made. Violent declamation convinces nobody. Surely there is room enough in this vast country for everybody to have as much land as he can properly use. The law defines the terms, on which this land can be obtained ; and there is a legal way of enforcing those terms. Agitation tor the purpose of altering the law is perfectly legitimate in the way of the expression and enlightenment of public opinion, but never in the form of rebellion, where legislation depends upon the ballot-box, and that ballot-box is free to every man in the land. SUPREME COURT.-Master's Office, This Day : At 11 a.m., Cottrell v. Kemmington and others, on leaving and to proceed on plaintiff's state of facts ; at 11.30 a.m., Watt and others v. Hill and others, to tax cost of defendant Hill ; Hughes and others v. Taylor and others, adjourned evidence. DISTRICT COURT.-Monday, 11th September. -Jury Causes : Jones v. Billva-d, Jones v. Billyard. Causes : Hunt v. Needs, Rolfe v. Symons TERRIFIC GALE.-It is some time since Sydney has been -visited by such a wind and lain storm as that which prevailed throughout all last night. At sunset yesterday heavy banks of clouds rose to the westward, the air was exceedingly cold, and the soughing of the wind wa« followed by a sharp shower which took place shortly after 8 p.ra ; from this time the rain began o laíl heavily, anti the wind gradually rose to a gale Irora the southward ; at times the gusts were tremendous sweeping down the streets north and south, with tremendous force, and e ldying round the corners of those streets lj ing tast and west with the power of a whirlwind. There was no abatement of the gale or rain when wo went to press, but rather it s emed ii s if on the increase. The lower parts of the city will probably suffer from inundation. In King-street the shuttcis of several shops, situated between Pitt and Castl reagh streets, were blown down, and in some cases the glass damaged. THE REV. DR. BLRASDALK.-"We observe by an ad«ertisement that Dr. Bleasdale, while spending a few days in New South Wales has a ceded to a request to deliver a few lectures for a purely public charitable object, duiintr his stay. The Oddfell ws' Hall has been engaged for the delivery, and it is expected that the public interest both in the lectures and the object for which they are to be deliiered will , not be wanting. The first lecture, we are intormed, will must probably be on a subject " Of the e¿rth, earthy," ona lump of clay and deal with the matter thri'Ugh its various uses-from the child s mud pies, through Wedgewooit, Minton, the lapidnrits'works, &.C., to the perfection of wrought sapphires and rubies. FATAL ACCIDENT IN THK HARBOUR.-About half-past 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon, a dingy con- taining three men. named Thomas Kenny, Alexander Anderson, and John Stewart, capsized off the A. S. N. Company's works, and betöre assistance came Kenny, who was a glass-blower, employed at Messrs Elliott, Brothers' "Works, Balmain, was drowned. It appears that the men were in the act of hoisting the sail when a sudden puff of wind capsized the boat. Kenny almost immediately sank, and Stewart wai only saved from a similar fate by Anderson, who held him up until a boat from the shore came up and xesi-ued them. The Water Police will drag for the body to-day. CASUALTIES. - On Friday William Thomas Beck, aged 50 years, residing in Market-street, was treated at the Infirmary by Dr. Frean, who extracted from his throat a fish-bone, which had stuck there while he was taking dinner. - On Friday James M'Lurkin, aged 28 years, les ding at Botany-street Waterloo, while splitting a stone had his lett leg in- jured by a large piece weighing about 15 cwt. falling upon hm. His leg would have been comnletely crushed, but that M Lurkin was partially shielded by the stone fulling upon another. The leg was nressed at the Sydney Infirmary.-The same evening John Hinsley, aged 40 years, residing at Macquarie-street South, had his left arm fractured near the wrist, hy a 'fall down the stairs at Redgate s flour mill, where'he was employed. The injured limb was bandaged at the Sydney Infirmary. PniME BEEF.--Some of the finest beef which has been seen in Sydney for a long time was exhibited at Mr. Allen's shop, Pitt-street, on Satur- day. The animal slaughtered took the first prize at the late Singleton show, and was bred and fattened by Messrs White, Brothers, at Martindale paddock. The carcass weighed 1000 lbs., and the beef appears I to be of magnificent quality. BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS' ASSOCIATION. For some time post a want has been felt in S\ dney of some place where architects, contractors, and bu lders coul'1 meet regularly under comfortable circumstances for matters of busineis. The Builders and Con- tractors Association have had their committee-room at the Oddfellows' Hall for some time past, but for the most part conu-aetors and others have hud to make a meeting place under the v erandahs of King-.«treet. All this inconvenience has been removed by the establishment of a Builders' Exchange Room, which was formally opened on Saturday morning. The premises are situated at 83, King-street, and the exchange is a handsome long room, 53 by 13, the necessary offices being attached. 1 he walls are panelled with gilt mouldings, the w rk of Mr. E. Dyer, and three handsome chandeliers, one of them the gift of 'Messrs. Lassetter and Co., are suspended from the ceiling. Writing tables and every requisite are pro- vided for the use of members and magazines and periodicals especially interesting to the irade are filed for reference. The room will be open to members from 9 a.m. till 6 p.m. On »aturday morning there was a large attendance of members of the association, and Mr. John Young, the president, took the chair, and in some well-chosen remarks congiatulated the associa- tion on having at length obtained commodious and suitable accommodation fo- the transaction ol' busi- ness. He declared the exchange opened, called for cheers lor her Majesty the Queen, and another round for the association. This terminated the formal pro- ceedings. BACHELORS' BALL.-On Friday night the bachelors' ball was held at the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park. The attendance was numerous, and among the company were his Excellency Si Hercules Robinson, the Hon. Lady Robinson, Cap- tain St. John, Mrs. St. John, Miss Robinson, and the Hon. Hely Hutchinson The fountain, pillars and walls were taBtetully decorated with flags, shields, and mirrors. The centre of the building was used hy the dancers, and the sides beneath the galleries, covered with carpeting, served as a capital prome- nade. Couches and lounges were distributed around the building for the convenience of the company. The coup d'ail was most effe tive. An excellent supper, laid out at the southern end of the building, was provided by Compagnoni. Dan mg was kept up for several hours to the inspiriting strains of a capital band of music, and a most enjoyable evening was spent. ARTILLERY.-During the past week the Regular Artillery has been divided into two batteries ?-No. 1 Battery, under Major Airey, occupying the Victoria Ba> racks ; No. 2 Battery remaining at Dawes Point, imder Major Spalding. The outer line of fortifications have also been told off hito districts, No. 1 Battery taking charge of the south side, extend- ing from South Head to Botany Heads ; and No. 2 Batteiy having charge of the forts on the north side of the harbour. Two 12-ton guns and one 18-ton gun are now in position at South Head, commanding the entrante to the harbour, ,and it is expected that another 18-ton gun will be in position there during the next fortnight after which both batteries will complete .the work' of taking the heavy giiHs to their several positions on the north side of the harbour. , A GREAT .POSSIBLE DANGER.*--Our attention (says the Maitland Mercury) has been d awn by a travell r to the possibility of a horrible accident occurring at the side of the Liverpool Range which slopes into Doughboy Hollow. The mail coach r ad in its i escent approa hes very closely-within a few yards-to the great chasm in the earth into which the tailwa» tunnel opens ; there is no elie tive fence ; and restive horses > oming down, and getting beyond the control of their driver, might easily take al ap into the cutting, which is some 80 feet deep. ' We have seen the place to which allusion is here made, and the fear of accident is no idle one. Vehicles going up the slope would be in almost equal danger with those coming down; if the horses backed and be ame un rnanagable, the contour of the ground is such as to draw the vehicle towards the fatal edge. It is neces- sary for the safety of travellers, either that a strong fen e ?hould be,erected, or. that the road should be ttverted fora few yards at this dangerous place.. ERSSRVJEB.«-A supplement to the Govern- ment Gazette was published on Saturday cancelling former notice as to revocation of Moama reserves,* and substituting fresh notice in lieu thereof. SALE OF "RACEHORSES.-Mr. T. S. Clibborn will hold a sale of racehorses, &c;, to-day, at U a.m., at his Bazaar, Pitt-street, when, amongst o hers, the following will be brought under the hammer: Bullion, Affectation, Mabel, Caliban, Brigadier, and Speculation. TH* PACIFIC MAIL SERVICE. - This mail service, which is of such momentous importance to New South Wales and New Zealand, has been made the subject of nn animated discussion in the Legis- lative Assembly at Wellington, where ü-ir Julius Vogel, In the course of some pertinent remarks, intimated that the abandonment of the service would not, in New Zealand, be legarded with much feeling of regret. The tone of public opinion in New South Wales appear* to tend in an opposite direction. Even before ihe commencement of the mail service there were some people who ventured to predict that the vessels to be employed would never be able to satisfactorily pcform the coastal service, as it is attended with so much risk and danger. This pre- diction has been so far verified that Captain Ferries, of the Zcalanditi, states that the coast service costs the company over £4000 each trip, or approxi- mately upwards of £00,000 per annum. ' On the 7th and 22nd of June last, letters were published in the Herald, from the captains of the Pacific mail boats, in which they expressed a unani- mous opinion highly unfavourable to the New Zeal land coastal service. Captain Cavarly, of the City of New York, says :-"The lower ports of New Zealand ore, I think, decidedly unsafe for large ships deeply laden with coal, as our ships arc when they leave Sydney.- The Granada arrived off Otago light March Gth, at ö 30 a.m., remained outside woking for the tide to rkc till 9.27 a.m., when we came in over the bar. Ship's draught on arrival at P..rt Chalmers was 20 feet 1 inch ; the lead was constantly going as we came in, and the least water wo had in crossing the bar was 31 fathoms on 21 feet, which gave us 11 inches of water under the steamer's bottom. Fortu nntely the sea was smooth, and we did not touch. But, "from information received on that voyage, I am quite confident that our ships cannot get into Port Chalmers more than tivo-thirds of the time, and when in they íun the same risks in getting out that they did in getting in " Captain Cargill, of the Australia, writing from Kandavu on the 9th June, says :~Tho coastal service of New Zealand seems a great mistake, and the ships are quite unfitiod for it, as exemplified by the Australia grounding at Port Chalmers, and again by her having to lie out-iide nine hours to wai- for the mails, which were shippt d with great difficulty : apaTt from this, in our case there was not sufficient traffic to pay half the expenses." Captain Ferries givei his opinion in the following words : .' With regard to entering Port Chalmers, I can only say Xhat the recent experience.« of other commanders lead me to believe that it is not a port to be entered solely and successfully by such îarge and heavy vessels." TRAFFIC ON THE "RIVER DARLING.-The fol- lowing is published in the Central Australian of the 2nd instant, and shows the existence of an" important Bteatn navigation in a remote interior district G00 miles from the coa«.t :-The t iver has fallen veiy con- siderably since our last report ; ab ut ten feet, and is -till falling. The Goolwa (s.), belonaing to A. Ross und Co., is still busily employed conveying freight to West Bourke to -upply the out stations- the p esent hign state of the river will not permit of the working of the punt. The Waradgery (s.), Captain Toomer, arrived on Wednesday last : she brings a general cargo -principally spirits-c .nsigned to R. M. Hughes and Co, and Hinton, Mackay, and C >. She left Echuca on the lúth July, but was detained considerably on account of the shallowness of the water. She will proceed as far as Bonaw'ana on discharging her Bourke cargo, as she has loading for Mr. M'Millan, of Milroy. The Black Swan (s.) left here on Thursday morning. She steamed as far as West Bourke, and took in 47 bales of wool. She also takes 3 j tons of copper from the Great Cobar Copper Mi ing Company, Cobar. She is proceeding to Adelaide. The Corowa (s.), Captain Randal, arrived on Wednesday, bringing a general cargo: 5 tons of iron ladles for the Great Cop- per _ Mining Company, Cobar; a quantity of station supplies consigned to Mr. Jos-ph Lunn, West Bourke, including thirty tons of flour For Messrs. Thompson, Vaughan, arid Co., of Brewarrina fifty-two tons of flour and a quantity of general supplies She left Mannum on the 31st July being delayed a good deal by the sha lowncss of the water, arriving at Wentworth in eleven days (a trip usually done in five). Leit Wentworth on the 11th of August, and arrived at Wilcannia on the 19th. Including the freight of the barge, the Corowa brings about ISO tons. This is her first trip to Bourke, and the is reckoned a fast and commodious steamer. THE LATE DR. FEATHERSTON.-The follow- ing extract from a letter, dated June 24, written by a friend of Dr. Featherston. is published by the New Zealand Times :-Dr. Featherston when in Germany the latter part of last bummer, had a seveie attack of illness, which ended in congestion of the lunga, and it was with difficulty he reached Geneva, where he re- mained for some weeks under medical treatment. He returned to England in the autumn, and ttiok a house at Brighton, travelling to London by rail and back again several days in the week. D n-ing the winter his health improved, and he gainei. several pounds in weight ; but as the spring advanced, so fatal to many with its cold east winda, his worst symptoms recurred, he was confined to his house nt Brighton, and with alarming rapidity lost strength. Up to about three weeks before his death, though greatly reduced and prostrated, he was able te see friends, and even to transact such official business as wa» absolutely neces- sary. For this purpose Mr. Cashel Hoey, his secretary, and other officers of his department, Visited him till within about a week of his death. Many of his oldest personal friends, Sir Charles Clifford, Sir. Levin, Mr. and Mrs. Fox, and others, who were in London, visited him till within three weeks of his death, when the exertion became too great for him, and from that date none but members of his own family and his medical adviser (and Mr. C. Hoey on one or two occasions) visited his bedside. His death, which was peaceful and painless at the last, occurred at 3 o'clock on 'he morning of Monday, the 19th, the result of exhaustion caused by the usual progress of pulmonary disease. It was the desire of several of his colonial friends who were in London to attend his funeral ; but a memorandum had been left by him in which he directed that none but his daughters (who were with him at Brighton) should be present on this occasion ; and though there were many who were anxious to offer the last testimony of respect and sympathy, the in- junction of the deceasetl was considered too sacred to be infringed. Except, therefore, the members of his own family, I understand that no one followed him to the grave. CHINESE CEREMONIES.-Our Chinese fellow citizens were in a state of great excitement during the whole of Sunday (says the Ballarat Star J, and up to about 3 a.m. this (Monday) morning. They believe that the souls of those Chinese who have not died a natural death wander restlessly about, cold and hungry, "seeking rest and finding none," so, once a year a grand feast is made, and immense fires lit for their benefit, and that these spirit* may be properly elad, clothes - something alter the style of milliners' patterns-are cut out of gilt paper, and are burnt, dis- solving very appropriately into thin air. On Sunday, notification ot what was to be done fir their benefit was given by the beating of gongs, drums, &c;, to these restless spirits, and at about midnight, when they were supposed to be all prpsent, a prie-t, named Che Ah King, who lives at Haddon, commenced the religious ceremony by blessing the offsprings of the charitable. These consisted of dishes of Tice, pork, &c;, cooked, and laid in two rows near the fires previously lit Spiritual beverage, in the shape of çin, was emptied on the ground, and after the burning of the pauer clothes, the rice and pork, of which the ghosts were supposed to have eaten, was distributer! amone the' Chinese ragpickers, and beggars, none who could afford to stand upon ceremony deigning to touch it. The lepers from the ranges were present, but made their offerings at a respectful distance from the other Chinamen, and consuont-d at the close of the ceremony what they had brought themselves. » . THE MILBURN CREEK COPPER MINE_The correspondent of the Bathurst FrcePress writes on the Cth instant :-Mining and smelting matters are active ant looking prosperous. Smelters and firemen, miners tributers contractors, woodmen, carters and saiyyer«, numbering over 130, are busily emplo- ed. This state of things augurs well for the continued success of Milburn Creek copper mine and smelting works. On the 5th instant Mr. Evans, the manager for the E«k Co »nany, sen from here t. their smelting and refining works at Bowenfels, a large quantity of rough copper to be refined. . ERRATUM.-In our notice of the concert at the Mount Carmel Hall, it should have been stated the Redfern Town Band performed there; and not the I .'NativeR'osëBand." "' "" ' * j" ,,. ' THE MELBOURNE HEALTH SOCIETY.-An interesting and instructive lecture, entitled "Under the Floor," was delivered by Dr T. M. Girdlestone, at the Athenir-um Hall, Melbourne, on the Gth instant In the course of the lecture (as reported by the Age), Dr. Girdlestone sirongly condemned the use of earthen- ware drain pipes under houses, as in the event of the joints not being pro erly cemented noxious gases would be liberated. He advocated the use of iron pipes, and by means of a little model house illustrated the manner in which foul drains could be pu ified by small perpendicular pipes being fixed into the drain, and carried to the root of the building. This, said the lcctuier, was the system adopted by the London Me- tropolitan Board of Health, and he thought that no better meai.s could be devised until a proper system of underground draii age was established in Melbourne. The Mayor (Mr. A. K. Smith) then addiessed the assemblage, and urged the necessity of asritating for the formation of a Metropolitan Board of Health. JUSTIFIABLE HOMICIDE.-News reached Glen Innes on the 3rd instant (relates the examiner) that a man, named Charles Plummer, of Tenterfield, had been shot by constable Bowen whilst endeuouring to escape from custody. From t^e meagre particulars to hand, it appeals that Plummer had been turested about two and a half miles out of Tenterfield for stealing a purse norn Frank Price, at O'Connor's Hotel in Tentei field. Whilst being escorted into town, the prisoner tried to escti e, mid constable Bowen shot his horse. The pri.oner, unhorsed, again tried to get away from his caiitor, and thiew stones at him. The constable then fired, and shot Plummer in the stomach, and the unhnppy man died in con- sequence the same night. There was great excite- ment evinced in entertield oter the case, and an inquest was held on Monday last, when a good deal . f eiidence was taken, after*which the jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. FISH-BREKDINO IN NEW ZEALAND.-The Dunedin Acclimatisation Society is doing a good work in the production and distribution of trout. The hatching-boxes at Opoho are very well situated, .the temperatuie of the water having ranged from 41 to 43 degrees. Some of the salmon trout there hatched are still doinsr well. About 20,000 young brown trout were obtained last year, and sent to all parts of the province. At the present time there are about 20,000 eggs in the boxes. Some of the ova, it is expected, will be hatched within a few weeks, and the whole of it before the end of October. About 10,000 ova were obtained by the process of dry stripping somo brown trout, which had been taken from the Water of Leith. The old trout, thirteen or fourteen in number, will be placed ma stream in some other part of the province. The Southern Mercury says the work now being done by the society in the distribution of fish is of a utilitarian character, and will pay compound interest upon the labour and expense heston ed upon it. GOLD DISCOVERY.-Messrs. P. Sweeny, P. M. Petersen, T. Connell, E. .ickey(says the Gulgong Argus , reported to the mining registrar the discovery ot payable gold in their prospecting area, situated halt a mile west from Fra/er's Lead, on the Welling- ton Road, and four miles from Gulgong. The depth of sinicing is seventy feet, the aurifeious deposit being alluvial, and the yield of gold six grains to the dish. The giound is very dry. and the washdirt from eight to ten inches in thickness. MERCANTILE ROWING CLUB. - The first quarterly meeting of the members of the abovenaraed club was held on Saturday afternoon, at the Club House. Mr. H. Coles havuig been voted to the chair, Mr. W. R. "Benson (the hon. secretary) read the following report, which which was unanimously adopted : " Your committee have much pleasure in laying before you their first quarterl) report, vide rule X. Since the last annual meeting the following events of interest have taken place. The annual ball was held at the Masonic Hall on the 1st of June last, under the patronage and presence of his Excellency Sir Hercules Robin-on and the Hon. Lady Robinson, and was in every respect a complete success. Tho former caretaker, R. Green, was dismissed from the service of the club on the 27th of May last for reason* that were given you at a special meeting held in June last. D. Mackenzie has since been appointed to the position of care tiker, and the committee feel confident that the t members will agree with them that this change has proied a beneficial one to the club. Boats: An addition has been made to the club fleet by the pur- chase of another string-test gig, and the" committee purpose to.make further additions as soon as> the finances of the club will admit of their so doing. The committee have also had under consideration for some time the desirability of encouraging outrigger rowing, and hope to be in a position to pinchase one or two outriggers before the close of the year. Club Races ; These contests continue to prove of much in- terest, and are so well supported by the member« that the committee feel convinced that they will answer the purpose for which they weie initiated, «'. «., as the means by which to in fuse_ new blood into the racing crews, an I to increase the number of rowing members. Vacancies ha vin«; occurred in the directory of -he club through the resignation of Messr-. Paul and E. Vickers, the co nmittee, in accordance with the authority invested in them, have unanimously elected Messrs. Coles and C. Medcalf to fill the va.-ancies. Caretaker's Cottage: This build- ing was completed soon after the last annual meeting, and answers admir.bly the pu'pose for which it was erected. Rules : The rules and by-laws have been thoroughly revised, and the books are now ready for dis-ribution. Club-nights : To afford members an opportunity of acquiring the rudiments of rowing, practice crews will be formed every afternoon under the direction of ,a senior member of the club, and the committee request th co-operation of the members in carrying out this new feature of interest which cannot but be pro- ductive of much good to the club as regards the cul- tivation of rowing. Subscriptions : The committee would direct the members' attention to Rule XIII., as revised, and urge upon them the necessity of being prompt in the payment of their subscriptions. Club Regatta: The committee haie made arrangements for a club regatta, to take place on Saturday, 21st of October next, and a programme of tho races ap Dointed for that day is now posted in the club-room. Lockers : To meet the increasing demand for lockers the committee have arranged for the election ol' an_ additional number on an improved principle Prizes : _ The undermentioned members are the prizegwinners in the club races for present year» Maiden Sculls : Mr. Warby. Maiden Fours : Messrs. R. Palmer, W. Bolton, N. Lockyer, and C. H. Donovan. Junior Double Sculls: Messis. A Fin- layson, W. Boyd, W. Warby, and Friedman. Senior Pair- oars : Messrs. C. Medcalf and W. R. Benson. In conclusion your committee congratulate you on the continued prosperity of the club, and so long ns the piesent unanimity of feeling and action continue to exist among the members its future success is assured." ROWING.-On Friday afternoon a gig race was pulîed from Goat Island to Pyrmont Bridge, by four gentlemen selected fiom the relegraph-office, and a similar number from the Post-office, and, as the crews had been practising for some time, the event created considerable interest. The result proved an easy victory for the Postal representatives, as the I Telegraphists gave up after pulling about a mile. ASHFIELD CRICKET CLUB.-This club, which now consists of seventy-five members, h<\\\e recently been improving their cricket ground, which is prettily situated, close to the Parramatta Road, Ashfield. The ground itself is spaci u< and level, and a turf 100 feet by 60 feet has been recently laid down for play in the centre, while the field is cleared from all obstruc- tions. Last Saturday the ciub used the ground tor the first time since the imptovements were completed, and a friendly game was played a nötigst the members. Altogether the Ashfield iricketers have spent about £70 on their ground, and intend shortly erecting a pavilion at the western end of it for the convenience of members and visitors. Next Saturday a match will be played between the Ashfield club and one of the city clubs. THE HIBERNICA.-Howarth's Mammoth Hibernica and Comedy Company, will commence a season this evening, at the School of Arts. The entertainment when in Sydney before had a success- ful run, and will, no doubt, again receive a fair share of, public patronage. DIORAMA OF THK AMERICAN "WAR.-On Saturda« afternoon there was an extra exhibition of Thompson's great Southern diorama, to gue op- portunities to school children of paving a visit to the striking pictures of the "American Civil war, of whinh the diorama is composed. There wa- a crowded attendance of young people, who cordially enjoied the views, as they also did the presents which they received before leaving. NEWTOWN FREE LIBRARY'-A performance , will be given by the Australian Comique Union, in the Town Hall, Newtown, in aid of the Free Public Library of that- suburb. ? ¡ . .., , ' r. . »A r' Jen. 