HOW "BOB FOND OF CHAFF" SHOOK FOR DRINKS. THERE'S a cheap dodging shaver well known in this town, And he's famous at letting his chcap liquor down; 'Tis he can imbibe a respectable sup, But he's very forgetful when asked to dub up; The next day he's passing he'll drop in and pay, But very few ever have seen that next day. And he's fond of his joke, and he's fond of his laugh, And his friends they have christened him " Bob Fond of Chaff." He's a patriot too, is this Bob that I mean. Quite ready to stand up for Erin so green : Oh, yes, he'll stand up in the handsomest way So long as he finds it's the game that will pay— But if he discovers 'twill cost him a crown. This big-hearted patriot then will sit down. He's a type of a clique of his countrymen here. Who'd sell their whole laud for a thousand a-year; And when lliey had sold it would brazenly tell The " blood-thirsty Saxon" they loved Erin well. Said Bob to a friend once. " Come, what do yon think If we both for the sake of old times have a drink " Well Bob," said the Mend, " if you're on for tliat game, Here's at you, my lad, for I'm on for the same." With that they stepped in to the Greyhound and Hare, And called for two nobblers of Dunville's in there ; And while they were at them Bob rubbed his long nose, Then said to his friend, " Come, I'll shake you for those." " Agreed," said the friend, " but excuse me a >vhjle, I'll be back while a cat would be giving a smile; Get the 'bones' and begin, Bob. and mind you shake fair"— And then he clipped out and left Bob shaking there. And Bob he threw on, and lie threw the eighteen, As neatly and fairly as ever was seen ; And then he exclaimed, as he rubbed his long nose, " I rather suspect he'll not equal thhn throws." Then he chuckled and said, in a satislied way, " Well this is the thirteenth cheap drink for to-day; And the ' bob' I brought out in my pocket." said Bob, " I'm bound to bring home in my pocket, by gob: It has stuck to me close for a week, and I'll bet It will stick to me close for a week or two yet.". Then he said, when he'd waited a pretty long while. " If cats smile at all. they must give a long smile." Then he looked at the barmaid, and gave her a leer, And said, " Well f think thai my friend should be here." " Your friend," said the lady, " and who may he he ?"• " The person." said Bob, " who came in 'here with me." " I was not in here then,'' she replied, with a laugh That was not at all pleasing to Bob Fond of Oliaff." " But then." he continued, " you know hi in quite well— The friend I allude to is Mr. M'Scll." " Of course." she made answer, " without any doubt. We met in the passage before he went out, And he told me to say." then she gave a bright smile, " If a friend asked for him, he'd be back in a while. " In a while ?" exclaimed Bob. as the hue left his cheek. " Yes, sir." she replied. 11 in the course of a week." « In a week," thundered Bob. as his long nose he hit: " Then may I be dashed but I'm i ; t. oh, I'm bit, Most fiercely and foully," shriek t Bob, in despair." Then the barmaiden started and ,aid to him, Where »' "Oh, where?" moaned the hard-drinking, cheap-drinking Bob, " In my teiidercst part, in my fob, ah! my fob: A bite in that region I cannot endure, For a bite in that region no doctor can curc : The measles are bad, scarlatina is worse, But what arc they to an attack on the purse ?" « Will you pay for those drinks ?" said the maiden to Bob. "- For those drinks ?" he replied, with a half-suppressed sob; I'm a friend of M 4 Scll," said the skunk, "and 1M1 pay When I'm passing to-morrow, or surely next day." " I see," said the maid, who was pretty and clever, " That means that you'll settle to-morrow come-never: But if you don't pay mc for what you Tiave got, My precious colonial. you'H get it right liot." Bob drew out the shilling at last from his fob, Laid it down and went out of the bar with a sob; And the barmaiden cried, as she went into kinks, " Come back, if you're game, and I'll shake you for drinks. But Bob only thought of M'Sell and his game, And wished Mac was somewhere that- rhymes with Ins name. And now he glides on like a ghost through the town, Despair in his eye, and his head bending down— And if he but catches the rattle of dice, He shudders and grows somewhat colder than icc, And his friends all declare that they know very well That he'll never recover the shake with M'Sell. 