DIOCESAN SYNOD. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the Dlocesan Synod was commenced on Tuesday morning. May 16, when a well attended Communion Service was held in St. Paul's Church. . ... TBX KWOTBa Mnrmro was held In the aftetaoon In the Ohoroh Office, Lel?h-Btreet. There was a large attendaooe, and His Lordship the Bishop opened the pro ceeding* with prayer. The fclefttion Committee presented the ro!l for the President to sign; the Synod roll was called, the Synodsmen signed tiie usual declaration, aad the new members signed the ?ynodal compact The following are the names of the parishes er districts represented, together with the names of the clergy and Synodsmen: Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Ber. Bleharlson Held, Dr. W. Gosse, Means. W. H. Holmes and H. D. Holmes. Ohristehurch, Forth Adelaide — Venerable Arohdeaoon Marryat, M. A., Hon. Arthur Blyth, Messrs. Frederio Wlafcateed and J. Bath. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Kev. James Pollitt, Messrs. L. Q. tfadleyand H. Bouaaut St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Bev. Dean Btusell, Messrs. J. O. Bray, W. J. Follarton, F. M. Bmith, andH. B.Brooks. ?"""*"? 8t Paul's, Port Adelaide—BeT. a Green and Mr. T. J. mng. St. JAnlj, Adelaide-Bev. F: S. Poole, M. A., Messrs. J. B. Hughes and O. Wehntedt St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Ber. W. B. Andrews, Heaan. A. Bpenoe and J. E, Moulden. All Batata, Hlndmanh—Bev. H. M. Pollltt and Mr. B. Taylor. St. Margaret's, WoodrUle—Bev. H. M. Pollitt and Mr. O. A. Connor. St. Andrew's, Waikerville—Ven, Arohdeaoon Dove. M.A., Messrs. O. B. Young and O. O. Cornish. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Ber. & Jenkins. Mew*. B. W. Meredith and J. HowelL St. George's, vTeadforde—Ber. A. Honner and Mr. H. D. Oruttehden. St Michael's, Mitoham—Bar. Henry Bead. ' M.A., Messrs. N. Oldham and D, Babbage, St Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Bev. W. H. Mudifl and Mr. J. H. Wiles. 8t Mary's, South-road—Ber. J. Baoh and Mr. B. H. Babbage. Ghristohureb, O*Halloran Hill—BeT. J. Baoh and Mr. T. J. 8. O'HaQoran. St. Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. T. Field, M.A., Messrs. W. A. Douglas and W. T. Sheppard. St. Stephen'*, WiUonga—Ber. B. K, Miller and Mr. H. Malpas. St. Philip ani 8t James's, NOarlunga—BeT. E.K. Miller. St. James's, Blakbten—Ber. J. W. Gower. Ohrlstchuroh, Mount Barker—Ber. J. W. Gower end Dr. Weld. 8t Thomas's, Balhannah—BeT. J. W. Gowit. St George's, Gawler—Bot. Canon Coombs, Messrs. T. O. Jones and J. Tooraler. Ohrlstchuroh, Kapunda—BeT. J. M. Donald, son, Messrs. W. D. Soott and W. Barlow. St Mary's, Kooringa-Ber. H. Howitt I Messrs. M. MoDermott and Neville Blyth. St Jude'a, Port Elliot—Rev. S. T. Eowell, M. A., and Mr. F. A. HowelL St John's, Mount Pleasant—Mr. W. S. Moon. St Peter's, Kobe—Bar. W. F. *r*?r??^t (excused). Ohristohuroh, Gambferton — Mr. H. K. Hughes. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln—Mr. 8. 0. Pear. ?on. Ohristohureh, YaukaliUa—BeT. E. Joiling and Mr. K. Lovelock. AU Saints', MoonU—Mr. A. MoGJeorge. Holy Trinity, Blverton—Bev. J. Houghton and Mr. J. Bosworth. St James"*, Glenbun—Bev. a W. Morse and Mr. J. Lord, Bmanuat, O^inkfbrd—ReT. J. Houghton. St Michael'*, Bungavee-Her. J, A.Boeke, B.A. Bt Sarnabat, Clare—Bev. J. A. Boake, B^a., ens Mr. John Hope. St John's, auburn—Bey. a W. Hawkins. St Mary's, Wallaroo—Bar. O. % tapUn and Mr.Gi W.J3Ulifaut St Martin's, OampbeUtown—Bct. A. Hon> ?sr ana Mr. H. B. Downer. St Ann's. Aiding*—Jttr. S. K. Miller. Holy BvangellstV. Goolwa — Ben B. T. Howell, M.A., aad Mr. O. K DeMole. Ohrittehureh. Kadina—Bev. O. a. TapUn and Mr. Julius By. Ohristohurch, Strathalbyn—Dr. Astlea. St JadeX Brighton—Bar. J. Bach and Mr, ILDutten. St Paul's, Bhynie—Bey. J, Houghton. Holy Trinity, Lyndooh—Ber. JL B. Webb, M.A. The foUowing Ohnrohes that had not been placed upon the roll were included to gtra status to the clergy:— Oollegiate School of St Peter—Bev. Canon Fatr,M.A., BeT. F. Williams, M. A., and the Bey. W. Hey Sharp, H.A. St. Clement's, EnfieM—Bct. J. 0. Haymos. St Matthew's, Poonlndie—Bev. K. W. Hold^n. HolyTriolt]r, Melrose—Rot. H. WUliama. Bishop's Ohaplain,B?Y. £L J. Poole, M. A. i Mlastonazy dhaplain, B6t. J: H. Oorraa, BLA. Apologies werenedred for the Bon-attes> danoe of Messrs. J. K. Hawthorne and J. H. Oao?lagham, Synodsmen for Sr. Luks'a Ohurch. Adelaide. BKPOBtKB ABB BMBRAftlia His LoBOSHTf appointed the Rev. Thos. Field Baporter, tike Ber. S. Oreen, OleriaaT Seoretary, and Mr. KeyOle Blyth, Lay Ssoretary. TOTOro. The iSynod were proceeding to appoint the Election Committee, when Mr. X. J. S. O*HAir lobah pro oosed that the ?leotion should be by ballot, and not by nomination. He considered the former mode preferable to she latter. Mr. Bosw M.P,, objected to the ballot system, as it would take up a great deal of their time unnecessarily. Mr. H. B. Dowhbb said he would like to knaw whether they oouldeleot by ballot that day with. outaspecial notice of motl?ii had beenghrsn, it being out of the ordinary course. Hii Lobd. ship held that notice of motion ought to bam been giren, and that to elect the Oommittee In that manner would be ont of order. Upon the Its wror, and 31 against it It was coase quently lost tLECTios ooudxin. His LOBDBBTf mentioned that the Election Oommittee last year were the Very BeT. Dean BubssU, the Venerable Arohdeaoon Marryat, Messrs. BL B. Downer, O. B. Young, and Q. W. Hawkea. The Key. S. Gsanr proposed that the same Oommittee should ba amtointed, substituting the name of Mr. J. O. Bnj for that of Mr. Hawkes, who waa In ltngiMid, This haying been seconded, Mr. B. H. Babbaoi proposed as an amendment, tiiat the name of the Key. W. H. Madie should be added, but he was advised to propose that Mr. Mudte'e name should be substituted for another gentle man**, as only five gentlemen *ould act This would prevent balloting: After some discus sion, however, the proposition was carried in its original from, PASXOBAL ADDBttS. His Lobdshif then gave his Pastoral Address as follows:— Bev. and Dear Brethren—ln my address last year I offered some remarks conducive to a better understanding of oertain theological terms, which being misapprehended in their doctrinal Import had raised up midwalls of partition among the clergy, and throra many lay members into an attitude of suspicion if not amelute hostility. Longer experience and more enlarged views have in some degree modified those feelings. Conscientious discharge of parochial duties, joined to a kind and loving •phis, have in manjr instances restored confi dence and engendered respect Is is now admitted, I think, that a rigid uni formity in liturgical worship is Hi-adapted to the variety of Pastes and feelings which pervades every large community; and that within the re> cognised limits of our Beformed Ohurch eoagre gations should be left in undisturbed enjoyment of ritual more or less ornate, and hymnology more or lets fervent. Provided her scriptural teaching and sober spirit of devotion are not compromised, the Anglioaa Ohurch can adapt 8t GOWiT. itsdf to the warmth of Imaginative devotion, or tite simpler need* of uncultured enthuabem. During the agitation of this cmeition of ritua?, there have not been wanting some who by harsh proceedings would have preeipitated a schism. Better counsels, however* Save pre railed ; more frequent opportunities of discus sion in Ohurch Oongnstes, the meeting face to face of the clergy of different schools of thought, the candor and gentleness manifested on all: sides towards opponents, hare enabled leading j Churchmen, though differing in opinion, better to appreciate the worth and faithfulness of their brethren. More, then, it to be feared from hm*tj judgments than diipasdonate examination of the question! in dispute. The wisdom of Parliament also seconding the reasonable demands of the heads of the Ohureh has advantageously reformed the ecclesiastical judicature. A Judgft of high character, ap pointed by the Arcabtihopi of Canterbury and York aa Dean of Arches, now hears disputed causes of ritual involving doctrine, and Inter pret* under appeal to the Supreme Judioaturaof the Realm, the legal meaning of the i ormulartaa, rubrics, and Aots of Parliament which define the rights and duties of clergy and laity within theOhurohby law established. J*e?, I think, will be found to set themselves against the law whea once thus authoritatively Aa?\ r r V A 1 if we need an fllostratton of the mlschlerous division caused by misinterpretation of language, it may be fonnd In the persistent refusal of the Greek Church to recognise the orthodoxy of the Western in regard to the procession of the Holy Ghost I allude to this as it may possibly be given to the Anglican Ohurch In oonfuaetun with the Old Catholic Community in Germany by demonstrating the ntiflaotial unity of belief In the Greek and Latin Churches to restore their long-interrupted communion.* Well would it be for the Universal Ohurch if tine deep learning and oonciliatery spirit of Dr. DoUinger pervaded all separate bodies of Chris tians, and that they would ooasdantiouvly fay to understand each other's dlffienltier, looking to the points whereon they agree tathet than Insist on those in which they differ; for the power as well aa injluaux of the Universal Ohureh Is vastly diminished by present standing apart It may be readily aaid, "Physician, heal thy. self." Well, then, my object ato find a bask (and the only basis it appears to me) on which nalon is possible. It is not Infallibillism, it Is not Individualism, but it is "Churchism"— the belief that Christ Himself on the day of His resurrection, Instituted and armed with divine authority a visible Society or Church to which " He added daily such as should be saved." Such is the doctrine which I propose briefly to illustrate from Scripture, for to the neglect or denial of it we owe, I believe, that Rational- istic criticism which would cast down from all authority the Holy Scripture, the foundation of our beliefs and hopes. That there was great need of some such ex ternal witness to the Scriptures—some such guide to distinguish genuine from spurious Gospels, the faith once delivered to the saints from the additions of heresy and later super- stition— is sufficiently obvious. And some such standpoint for our common faith becomes still more nrmssiij in these days, when improved education stimulates enquiry, and demands a reason for the faith propounded for its acceptance. At the same time, there is a yearning for a closer fellowship is she Gospel, and more united ministerial action on every side. The first symptom of such a desire was the proposal many years ago for "Evangeli- cal Alliance;" but the principle of alliance implies normal separation in opposition to the primitive dogma of "one holy Catholic and Apostolic Church." It tended, however, to call forth Ohristian sympathy. Sipce that Alliance began It seems as if independency had softened into Congregationalism, and Congregationalism, In despite of its name, ware gravitating towards union. Again, the Baptist, minimising the grounds of his separation, fraternises with Paedo Baptists. The Presbyterian repudiates his ancient claim of divine right and, forgetting past antagonism, allies himself wthi the Inde- pendent Everywhere disintegration seems to be setting in. Cohesion is overpowered by at traction from without . Meanwhile freethought and Rationalistic criticism are eating into the heart of negative Protestantism, from which the zeal and fervor of old Puritanism has departed. Union, there- fore, seems more than ever desirable for those who believe that "there is one God and one mediator between God and man, the Man Christ Jesus." The great hindrance to such a union I imagine our Protestant brethren conscientiously believe to be the connection between the Church and State in England, Were the civil and social distinction hence arising garnered, they think that the separation between themselves and the Anglican clergy would come to an end. I shall not enter .here into the historic con. tinuity of life, through "many *ti?ngi— and chances, of the Church of Ifc-c u~a frost the days of its first martyr St Alban to the present time; but it Is my conviction, looking to the A,n? ment would in no wise hare that effect I acknorwledge the talent, energy,-learning, piety, and respectability of many ministers not. of our communion. X have always entertained a hope that as time went on some method would be found whereby they might, without wound- ing feeling or conscience, combine with us to evangelise a sinful world. I need bardly remind yon how this hope found expression in my letter to the Ber. T* Binney In 1858. His.reply, contained In his "Church of the Future," effectually dispelled the "dream " which I had entertained. Athanasius contending against the world for the Catholic Faith (not his own private judg. ment) was; adduced to sanction the .pxinc?jte that "onemay be a Church ?m well as three," and it was asserted that the Church was once "centralised" (which does not mean indivi duaUaod) in /urn. The difference between the believers in a OathoUo end Apostolic Church, and thpse who maintain that " erery individual may be a Ohurch is himself then appeared essentially irreconoileable. I am not pronouncing tx csthtdra thai the Anglioan-Oharebman Is right and the Indiri dualist's rle w| moogl lam simply endeftmrieg to bring Into view the direct antagonism Dfjthfdr principle!, ana to point out that before GHjpcm tion or vttion can take plaee, it must'b&niown; set before Sou the facts whish justafyi nor belief in thedlvme origin and msplrediauttiort^f of a Oatbolip and Apbatollo Ohureb, and make loyal adherence to It as aa obligation of Cow cetence, and not an uncharitable prejudice.' The risible Ohureh of OhrUt grew directly out of the Mosaie. Tee oUre-twe from which the Hebrew natural >branohes were broken off, and wild branches from the Gentile world grafted in, presnrved unbroken Its oontinuity of life. The Apostles were to "sit upon twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.'' They were to be the spiritual heads'of the new Israel. The elder dispensation Moordugly closed with that last paesorer which in gkwm and sadnfles at even on the day of awepaimtion oar Lord ate with fiisAposties, Hettwaldeat ao more of that typical uassciui, for, it would be fulfilled end eupersededky the aaerifioeaf Himself. He woald drink no more of tiiat fruit of the vine until he drank it new, as representing His ewn most preotous blood, In tbeUngdomefGedT Lahm than forty-eight hours He falfiiled thq prediction. HemadeHimselfknownsffscKs resurrection to His dfampln at Kmmaoa tnthe i "breakingof bread ;" recalling theanenment of His Body and Blood which He had instituted just before He suffered. Later on that evening and in tiie same upper chamber He gave to the eleven their Apostolic Mission. "As my Father hathaentmeso>endlyou.w He ato teoathed ! * Sorely the wider statement, " Who pro. oeedeth from the Father and the Sob" does not eestndiet the troth that the JJdy Spirit pro. j oeedeth out o/ the Father! Bat as the Father and the Son, us one In <**ence; and the Bon breathed on Hl* Apottlet, Mylnc, "Beeeire ye the Holy Ghost." The Soa Is rlghdj re oogolaed in the tennt of the latter creed, " Who prooeadeth from the Father and the Son," the E*tin preposition "a" Inotodlng both out of and from itkegFather, as well as through the Son. QnthsiaandasJd, "Beodteyetfce Holy Ghost Wheseenr ifau ye remit, they are Teadstog onto them ; .and wfaosoawr Aw ye retain, they we retained.* The oayiteaU also was eoaee erated bj Hit remrreetiea, being thefirst d?y of the week, to be the Ohrlstfu Sabbatt. la these recorded *4ro?ustoneeS we find ihe framework ?f the ApottoU* Ohonh wHeh m to beoosae Oathotio—Apostolic, onmmfssisn.-.. Apostolic authority—plenary TuijHi Mlhiti Iliu belief of Hla Ohoieh in Ihn fatTinr. fTtiasnlf the Christ—and the Holy Qhost-theriifl ?liif EMrifioe ?f Himself m the trae miiwct Bfa resurreotton of the fiend—the power of fafadfeg or looting efanero—the nrieJstxatfea ?f the sacrements-tbe keepisg holy tfae first day of Jheweekes the Lord's D*y—the anfsy of the Ohoreh oonosntxated in the comparr ?* 'tin Apostles in tost upper ehambefl Bat as His epiphany, {after Hk birth, at BetUAara, to the Gentiles] vu deferred for * sharer interval, •o the manifestation of His Ohiueh, aa itataud to embrace all nations aad language*, ?u post. poned until the Day of Penfceoost* where, by the rWble descent of the Holy Ghost, the gift of languages ?u poared eat open she Twelve A^ott&s; aad whole body of beHerers, together frith the gift of disaerafag spirits. They were thus fitted to be the BvaageUita of tha world. This gift of tongues was at onosfollewedby the conversion and baarlsmtf ttrataitnUeinil link' Xlie Aportolio nlnkby ?m iha? atfargak iO?. Anoiaaelald Jiaad* an the?er?a dwann. - Xhw Ohorohhadafaeadygrow?toacnat?ialtltade of men and womebt^rt after Mill i?iiiinliaa. the "nwnber^f the dlacdpiee maltfpHed i* and^ gnat,?oawa?r?t4lw priMt.wereobe.HeottotheWai.'' AattflbT. Many ?f fitaSnemJg, too, whoai Varlk?[ an* forth after Hii apoatie% were etfU exenanng , the offioa to which He had eaot?heai? and w? find— -A. J>. 4f—S?d aad iTernehii briactog'to the "elder** at Jenualeu the afaas of tha ' anHiMjh GentUe GhmtUaa, Ko aanttoa la any where nude rf tbeif appolntmenfeJby ?tw Apoetle*; fcat they were known and i eroinlniil in the Mother Obwreh of Jeraaalen, meat an*. bably besanieappaiatod?yeorliord, • The hktory, then, *f theae early dayh of Van Ohnroh ahowa how ayatematta and eemjribta ?aa its organisation, and how thonnigUy aatoow. ledged the apoatoUa refimea witiiia it The reoorjl of the KraogdOaU la ao Heat that it exottu oar wonder how aay orttle fa?i?*?Ml with i fee New Taataneat ftxfa^tona aad db. pon4 -to read than flMtmt #rej?diM eoald attrikuto to Jamtm, nha toaditid?ai -fiat Bishop of JemaOoUi the orfeaahntfen amfimm ofgorerntoentof tboOauroit." The OhoraliaC ahfhwd, how?rar, *'f*Miw and aooooni? Caaeaj*^'': aH *?e B*ok?f the Hew Testame&t; In fatO, then, of the Antheottatty and Ka?ira. ttonef tha Boriptarea, oknzduaen ?a*eztain a •tso?Je ooarlotlon of Ihe daty to a^helf mod' adheteto4batApo|6^iallow^hlp?nd?nwiam towhUh oar "LordaddeddaUy?waiaaabMl* beaaVed.*' r . ? . ? ? •rj-.i.-, !1 .. Bait while we eat oaxMl*He?chlspxl?ah>lr u Ohiuobjaejli, w? d? nel fed ?iU?I ?A to unit the malting or araee of Oed, aadtwe forbM aone to wnih eiiliflaal mlianlailaOhifcil'B name, "beoaxue they. feUew •??.?&* • 17only = wlah to anew our Proteatant fcretliraa Uiensi ?romndef not ejMag thesD, a?w?woBld?iBn, > the "right h*ad?f faUowaklp." WOtmx Mnviattona we eanaet be. fatoa to dnirt'afaw atttattan. . : Moraover, there amlanea nowralaedincaaard to the SaitotaTCa aad ?vamaa!iear deatriaaw which (U/act •*d?ute*rity?i the Chorea aa inttittitod immediately by Ohrlit Hfaaaatf anief the ntmcafrtopertonaw. The AngUaantihaaan ? aaya in her SMk arttole "aat4ae4%a?ibfa? witneai and keeper of Holy Wdfc" tottt-ited by Okri*t HiaweU ?• thed*y?f fiMMUav tton, Itfa lna>edao^aiiahlya^todto?eatdaej4 to presem our LordVoP** tnapblnajftattaaj1 fiw forty flay In whiah hewM aeeoof the Kpaaflea, and beand "apaaUas M the ?Ua*i pwtahdnf ?nto the Klagdop?rfGoi- ZheUHnx Ohnnb,, Ailed With the SpUUatPdntoe?M,*aaght "ttat ?? Uom. it aoand werdaynd gmatdedtt a??a?aiad- - dtcMdt,aa4deUMe?iik??thenij*a. Ifcwes^. samnatted W the. "An-tter?- to:'"failfcfal men," that they might be able to tnaflh ethew, fheir dlviae gtft M "dUaaraiag af apirtta" eaaUed ?hem toaauD?wUhdHatiMUyfmonV ontofnuny^Boapebaa artfawifc aad juaaiiia, whiah. have eoaw down to tw awt efe,araltl.i tndeTl Theee.ateth?fa?rww jiuawai. Za4ha* HfingiOunh, thea,?ae wltnees a?d keeper of I flalj writ, aadar?ed coiion>of the JewiTnetamwiit flailiNaiai. and the farm tfjaMkt** de?mredtfrtlMa?lato, alao tao#e"&lSftd; aaylng-^ Nhiah mae ?he eatcah^laM^?b?l4teUah?swlCUbx?K f Now, aeaptiaal wrJteai either hjneaaiUyoTetUokthfalliiiij. niwliMjwaiiii— witneai, <*he Ohnroh. and toy to baaM meagre reridttam, wbidt theyoaU aeitotanvtts Mato^rAf Jena. Inngara toBk7ofai|i|iaaanel ej?ptaiJlyithaa been >hownbe>ond all mealhn, firam fie wrtter'e uUimateimowUdeeefiiwtofo ffrnpAy of JerjuaJem, and Ida tkeroagh graep?f the popular view of the Meflrieiiamenf the Jewa, tiiat it moat hav* bean the workrf aa?3?%e ibn&lxMtmpormry; wt& theermiU dwlhuil. the rectigei of naaue aad aaaaav -Ufa Alexandrian Jew at the akm owiitiiij eoald hers Lean ao fanSiar with - Hebreir Idea*, and afteh apoai aatfae f'i?heap Market," and ?Tnaaary.^and "Haea et I fikafi,? O4lcethft?iki Ito "garden," Betbeada I and Ifai *' fire penbea," HHoaw awTlto upaaV when*heoUy faai tain daaalato mote than a I eentorjri ? . ? Thexeeeption, howeTer, of ttband the tines Byn?p^e Gospel*; aa *eU as the wiser wrMage of the New Testament, by ?a Uvtrnf fltenft and its dtdg appmafed miniaitg, ahowa 4he yatea of thatdiTJoe initttotiaa, andsfhyin tha Oreedjmsomfeaved the beMef fa ?ad -a|i oetolio Church.* The life of the OhrirfUn aoaiety or Ohurah from tie fiat hoqr of to baasg it neaem iry fa order bo authentieato aad fatty to appttkmd. m well as rightly imterpret, . the fasts •* Ohriatianity as they azes?oaadad; ?!*• toatamv with authority the aaoetoUe letten and Gospels as the> ware written. "Wse most aaapass,* sayi Oanon Westootti " atfsw that ?en fitted by no bmvlomi teatniaf,- assistad by ne ats^ar oonoepUens, soddenry fa ? ??b- of bitter disappblatment and deaalattan,' ereatod an ideal &et; whiohkt the time they eoold net bars foreseen therfalimnort; ana thenhwefsahioned Aeb o to>Mfl)Bpt their fsith, and that all later expjrlenoe has found fa this oreatton at best of passionate love—the answer to the qaestibn. ings of sneoessiTe generaMflns s or thai God tim Creator did fa the folnenof tfawbrisf that abba* ? which the Ufa ?f the raoe tenaai fa the giidanofr of His Pretidenoe, and from which i t has drawn strength not yet eamntaesly "loOenegleet, howerer, byLntter,ef Ah impertant article of the Greed, "the Chntan," as divinely fasOtatod to be the witneai and keeper tof Holy WOk and the faith dettwsred io thesaints. weow?theasenttoalerltUam whiah now as^Us the Bible. In 4fe!Ma*fa?ewsbh* with tne spirit which aslmato? the SertotsMa, Lutlxer, too hastily, made Ms pifasto lealhm the anprame arbiter of inspired deetsfae faspirei.writing. Bel "no Ofannh fan rest itafaUti on each a theory." Itlaleh*4snre. oiatod JSt, Jaaeav Bfistle and the Beak of Bevetykw, he on the oOier hand eilted fit * Hwta WmlmH, Bee. Prof, rf Mr. at ChafeSc* ?I!ieClcttiiia€famkbch??M find Mid aMdlng ?Him— *• tto lealttkti of GhtfetlM life. Iks ?Vrw( teittamjr ?f the Aportolio ted? tad the tort of ??Apostate ?ba&ot;??f OknmC* lil*. ?ad as SMthakar to HU tWMBBtt—, fa wnphtM?ted V ?h> iwM. Btoar of the llrtiy aocMy." >M3fce eu??fc OhrUtUm oWred tke finfe day ?f ttemek m th?t on which Chrfrt cm*. BipMna was gibls wUfeoat frith in • riam Bnkmu tts fwt U ta? Bmotetk? ta mot mm mMO? of tk? Greed; it ?? the life of it." "How ?b teiUinonr of ? oontiaooDS life—the twtiaoay of the OhrfatbaxOhoroh—beitfaar emtinlp •Mr looked or cbsacdjr ptwrtad fcyT, naprto>l • writ?rs," "Thsy teudM OhxWbaitf *• *• the de^elo?snat of tiis lattar ead of the www* eenftwy." John's Gospel and tin BffeUe to the Bcmans ?he "marrow and kernel of the New Testa ment books." Bm Eanan avers Oat It is impossible to understand the life and deatii of Jesus excepting from the data of the fourth Gospel. Ths combined witness of Luther and Senan, se different in their spirit and faith, may well outweigh these critics who would oast out St. John and St Paul In contending, then, for the written Word of God and the saving faith of the Gospel, the testimony of the living Church from the begin ning as the witness sad keaper of Holy Writ is of the greatest value. The AngUeaa Church holds to this tenth with all the tenacity of con ?dentiov conviction. We Churchmen, there fora, want no salf-rtyW Infallible Pontiff to certify to us the Mntttres or Creed or Moral Law. Tfee principle laid down by Vincent of Lerlns Is nflblent to igulde as to a reasonable faltfc.intiu btthsdox creed as gathered out of Script*!*. We reject as novel aod unauthorised and tmneoassaiyto salvation that which doss not dace from the first, has not prevailed every where, and has not received general assent. In this appeal to antiquity, universality! and con sent for the interpretation of the Written Word, we sefier to the Uturgies Creeds, Canons of the Church in OouneiL, and the writings of the Christian Fathers." "We thos prove afi things, and fcoW fast Aat which is good." It is, howeveiu with so purpose of (Bcnttwewy, believe me, Oat I haw penned these observa tions. . My object has been to show our Protestant brethren toe ground on wHob. Churchmen cannot conscientiously join with ths?Elnaoonmonministeyand worebjp, a* we could wish to do. There would arise a danger ataltebotk, iEheVattcanisfrandfte^ttonaU?t alike xejeet *ke tostimony of the Prfaattive Church (the witness and keeper of Holy Writ) to theautfaentMty, genuineness, and inspiration of tfee New Testament Scriptures. The Vati eaasist rests on Hm own supposed fofaUible authority; 'tke KadonwlUt on hla own indl vidual feeibs; and judgment. It follows, according to ifan principle affirmed in the "Church of tisec4>utM*, rrf Ibat eaeh man may scleotbjs owa Bible, make hto own creeds himself a Church. As far asosamii ?oncerae?%nets at liberty to do sbj but wcs?Osttheeibeoontcnt tosubstiftuto Babel for tin OattoUe Church, which believes in one Lord, holds "one faWi, one baptism, one God and Fattier of all, who is above all and in all." Bathe* whereto we have attained let us be of one mmd, and It may come to pass, through prayer, patience, and comfort of the Scriptures, that where we are otherwise minded God will hereafter ah?w os-sho way to greater watty. sspoar o* via moamm The part twetvasMntit oSan no very salient points of interest to distinguish It from these which preo?ded it lEhft?&tqujt; character of our ParoshiaiXAiurch Itfe Mams to mark Its arrival?tadnUinatoJl?r. Thtfdfflfeulties which have aHseiLan attribbtoolcto ?winlgrattoh of the population to the new areas, diminishing thereby theTesoureasof tte older Cttrecandat the same tine baasmg aademahd for morenlwfey, without: franishlav t**tty approdable extent the fund** WuwwbUmb them. The <voruntary system withoutaxtanfeoilsnlpis found quite inadequate to supply the scattered popubitf on with mllilstiifsl ?erHost. KotidngAort of a tiie length vns brMdtfc of* ?M wnd owutd accomplish tills task. I need hardly say that theOhtestasfcihglawl has at ttee too reoh organisa?is?Mtwerir?sefukds^ thl? Diceese to suppaHnofc 's? Urtttutien, feWrevet^tee ttve it might preva - ? ? ? ' - The remarkswhleh Ihave to mftkenaturally fall under twe heads—tike ontwardpiegtess and tits inward etatoef ?ie tOnreh aatong us. Material Frogress.-^Where the mam of tte populaHon asnsbiU of penons who earn their fiveUheea hridafirta?, and fewha*? inherited or amasses wealth, toeatrfbutions towards build ing ehurehes or mafatatning 'a minbjfaj must neeessarilr be amalL The supety of reUgtons offices wffl, in the first iss*an?s therefore limit ilseifto tteotefaes of populatibn, whewi mmceramsJie upfertiiedefiolencyof wtosm<{tNi2 i wealtt.' AednvtlMwigeMt?andthepree?eet?l of ayounc??sbj^ hJader stMng men trbmf el lowing %hat cdueationwhHh fiU tiwm for the ministry* olt ?eeemM4MOtia*ry, therefore, to seek for mtnist?rialihelp from the mottur oountry, fien?hedtffionlty meets us boAof selectinf; nttable Men and prevUmg for M&r; passage out,-est weH. as guarscAeefajg Utemata adeojiate Isjcesae > tea for a Bsaited ?tee, After all, the?wl3r<arrived may fatt ?o fcsttsfy the ceogregatkfei to wUeh hs 1? •ppafetol, and m> pennsiieat eee*Qsj?sskt or gaaranteed inbome will fo?ow.c. ii U? sttatter, thewfere, ?ot enly i ofspirlfeaanxletybntabortmoMttjyriskto ?end heusedhr ?lergyi Of eourse- vvtsAb ot' socunulsted fortsne may hufld plaet* of worship:-. and' ss? to ministers, bat tb gather Into the Lord's trea- \ sury ths.'oXerings of the wvrUag elasses isl aworkef Ome; and a dearth, meanwhUe, of the Wdrdasri flawamwits Jm widely felt! The most needful work ef Synod fies In thUdireo tion—to Incnase Ahe -Home Mission C^ondfor the suppesft'ef purely missionary clergy. With out enlarged ftfcds*- am powerless to provide 1 for tiie spiritual wants of our people. MlaiionaTr>A?9ncy.-Me?iwhQe, during tin Imadeeiiate supp^sf men and means, if has teen sxran*^tha*??mti^ services ?ho?ld be supplied ayvMtrng clergy ,bt cures without resident pastors. So^-wlth/duly licensed readers, tiie Sunday smrvouos bave been for tiie most part msintabseeV Here our simple liturgy ?nd ooneotten ef beautiful hymns are found of, sseh great i*lue. An istettigent layman, **who cares fm itin thing* of the Lord," b tiius enabled to ?onduottae services with benefit to himself and the edification of his neighbors. Nor need he be at a loss for spiritual food for senk, sktceihe 'number of exMUe&t; sermeas In print b unprecedented. lam happy < to find an toeresswg willingness to undertake: this truly Christian ofiea, intelligence ?ad oonsbteterJgf Hie being Indbpensable -requi-i sites, ft is, indeed," ?nly • temporary ?ndpre-1 paratory .?eemcyy. to ;be veplaoed ?s scon as possible by a resident ministry. On the whole It has been highly profitable, but frequent visiting ?y a-decgymenu needful to toep tin system m-vigwr. Travelling expenses would be; pro?ortionatsly increased, but increased offer* ings would acohsbly be made. Mission Forage AUowanec—lt has been the care of tite Society for the Propagation of the Gospel attorneys to grata forage allowance of £25 yearly to the dnoumbents ef those parishes which have a Mbsion district attached to them. Thus are visited from Bedruth, the suburban Buna townships and farms; from Kapunda, Hasnilhm aad Blanehetown; from Auburn, Port Wakefield; from Kadina, Green's plains and titeOoooanut; from Bobe Town, Laeepeda Bay.; and from Mount Gambler, MUnoent, the Sndnage Works; *nd from Tankainia (until Mr. Morse went to England), Under other missionary agency—Mt. Plea sant, Mt Jorrens, and vTbodside, Strathalbyn, the Meadows and Langhorne's Greek, Virginia aad the. Joata Townships, Lenta, Jamestown, Gladstewdaad Fort Pirle, Port Augusta, Stir ling, and Mehsee, receive monthly visits or as oftenasmayfaepossslble. Areodeaeoa Dove, or some other clergyman, rlrits onee a quarter the Northern StaUona, front PekfaiS) to the BUumaa. Mie system therefore is. 4uly organised. It only needs more clergymen ?nd move lands -to meet the requirements?f this extendv* diocese. Sick and Absent Clergy.—The difficulties of supplying ?ervioes wan greatly increased by the "sick leave" granted to the Sen a Morse and the illness of Messrs. Andrews and Green. Happily my own health continued unimpaired, and I was In .some degree able to supply the bereaved eeres, and minister the rite of eon. firmation. Yorksfe Peninsula, Mount Gambler, Kobe, Biv?ston, the- Buna, Yankafflla and Glenbum, Lyndooh and Fewsey Tale have re> ceired my personal ministrations. Candidates for Holy Orders.—You will per haps ask yourselves, as I sometimes do myself, how these onerous dotiea are to be lightened ? I must look to occasional arrivals of clergymen from home and the ordination of oolonially educated aajuHdafas for orders. Of the latter class the Bar. JS. Josllng aowoscnpiestheplaoe of the Ber. Mane mi Yewkalflla. (H the former the Bevs, T. K. Asa, J. Bach, and J. JJ. Qorran were sent oat from England. The two latter are serving acceptably In the dlrtrTct of St. Man's, South-ieaa, and at Moonta. Mr. Com*du'viiiti Maftiaad and South Torino Peninsula Monthly, through Yorke "Town to Kdtthburgh. the first left the colony Ja October, 187ft Theological Stodsnts.—l have the satisfae ! tion of finding the number of young men dis- I posed to give themselves to the Ministry on the {unease, and I may here state publicly that' those clergy whon I hare beeu permitted to ordain from out of the Diocese itself are among tiie most efficie*t and sealous. The number of young probationers is six. Indebtedness of Churches.—lt Is both the law and the usage of the Anglican Church that no church shall be coaseoratei to God's service untilttia free from?VW. WeoannotgivetoGod'v perpetual service that which is not ours to give. I know from experience what a, millstone round the neck of a congregation and Its minister is a heavy debt, It pat&bjaes; all othar Christian effort; home and forefga missions and aid to other Churches are suspended. Handsome churches are desirable; but indebtedness is often incurred ityend the resources of the population, and for yean is the source of anxiety and discomfort. New'Churches.—l am happy to learn that a new church is to be^built between die Bam sad Bedrath. Bt. Thomas's at Port Lincoln has been much enlarged, and new churches "are finished at Laura and Jamestown, while another Is rising at Pert Pixie. These ate the natural but slow results of the voluntary system. I should be glad if we had a Building Fund for gratots-fatald. The OathedraL-Jt wis my purpose from the first not to commence this building until there was a good prospect of completing a part of It for service without having a debt upon It. I have been permitted to reatfae Oat hope. On the day when I took possession of the building, at the conclusion of a short thanksgiving service, no liability remained uncovered. This is, I believe, a singular and unprecedented event, for which I am thankful. Extend Relations of the Dleoes*.—We had the satisfaction of welcoming our beloved and respected brother the BJshop-elett of Brisbane on his nj froim Path to hit new dispose. We earnestly pray that the divine lileasing, whieh so manifestly accompanied hla minbtratioiM amongst us, and afterwards fa Western Australia, may be plentifully vouchsafed to hi* present episcopal labors. He General Synod.—This body has been summoned Coneet on September 26. Hie rela tion of the Church In Australia and Tasmania, and of its Primate to the Church of England aad the See of Oantttbury, win I tnut be defined satisfactorily end settled; also that of tin Oemmitte? of Appeal to the Supreme Judi cature in England in causes eeoteslastioal, and tadedsions. The subject aleo of emttttuting Metropolitans add pioWness needs adjustment. Farther, in order to {remote uniformity of usage in the province, perhaps the forms of servioes outride those provided In the Prayer took should be eubinltted to a Provincial Oom. mtttoe for revision and approval. The style adapted, n The tftinieh^f England in Australia and Tasmania,*' Implies, In my oainlen, our aeoeptsnee of the decisions arrived at by the Jodioisl authorities of the Established Chunk as the law ef the whole Anglican Church te tin colonies. I apprehend the OMI Courts would be guided by their decision, and overrule any judgment of a Dfoeesan er Pre vinelalOouTt which departed from them to the dvU Injury of aelergytoaa. I new turn from the outward to the inward state ?f our <*mnnrniie?, so fat aS we tan see signs of its condition and progress. Confirmation*—l hare noticed with pleanue titegenatal tone ef the youag people who have presented themselves for thb rite. Themunber oonnrmed is eonsiderabie—36B, and their de meanor,? watt as voluntary attendanee at tee Lord's Table afterwards, seemed to Indicate a serious sense of the Important tow they were sealing. I believe the preparation of the candi dates by the clergy has been eensrientfous and TsJwstaHng/^ Another favorable sign of the Influence of religion has been the e;det and harmony which has characterised the parishes during the year, and thelate vestry Meetings, In avery painful | case of discipline, also, I feund the utmost con siderateaoss combined with a steady determlna | lion to rid the Church ef an unfaithful minister. With laymen so disposed I feel cordial sym pathy* and am-folly recompensed *w the okxes, labota, and anxiety whieh sueh cases oooasltu tee, by the aaaOestetion of coeh grace. Lay?eadem.—Co this valuable body, "helps" to the ministry, X beg to tender my most ataeere thanks. Their veluntarrsernesi, preceded as it is by memorial in their behalf from the oongre gatten and some minister, together with their ?wn dedaratien of loyal ?dherebee to the <3ku?oh dockine, Utrngy, and dtsctpHne, fot I lowed also by the licence of the Bishop, gives to their ministratloM tin fctamp ef order and ? auUwrity, which prevent both Irregularity and personal assumption. Xt places the AngUcw view of the Church attf its true aoriptural eharaotoropenly beforeti?e world. "Ye area ehaeen nattsn, *. royal priesthood, a pecaHar people ;" and while toe ordained minister is the •fiaial representative of the whole body ef worshippers, yet each individual in his measure is part of that priesthood, and may if need be, when duly called, assist his brethren in puttie worship. Statistics.—The earlier and more oempleve faa?anrisdon of these returns this year enables me to speak with satisfaction of eome points in our parochial weriu9l obeerre, for Instancy that tile sum total ef offerings and collections' distinct from rent paid for sittings amounts to the handsome sum of £8,590 to. 3d., 1876; £6.244 19s. 6d., 1^75; £7,185 165., 1874 \ £6,566 194. Id., 1S78; £5,901 Is. 4d!, 1872; £4,922 12fc 7d., Wflt Then hu been a steady inoreasebottxln thenumbem and liberality of givers to the offertory ; and aeomparlsen of the returns for the last five years will show that during that peried-there has been anadvanoe in an bmt one, of tike particulars en which the •mounts have been returned, as will be apparent from the appended table s— In Sunday-school teachers and children it is to be regretted that the numbers have slightly receded from the yean 1873 and 1674. If the number of candidates oon&rmedin; the last five year* be added to the number of earn munieants returned la 1870, the total number of oommunioattng numbers (exetasfre of deaths) will amount to 3,670. Oa Sunday Bast, the 21st, I shaU reaoh the 60th anniversary of my Admission to the Dia •onate; on Jane lift, Oe 74th of my birth, day; on the 29th of Jane the 29th of my Bplsoopato. These ctreamstanoss remind me that my oniMe is nearly run. I eannot hope, therefore, to continue equal to the Minion work and journeys requited of the Bishop of this extensive Dinosse. Your thoughts, there fore, vhould be directed towards owe or other of two alternatives—providing me with an assistant, ?r appointing m suooossor. Meanwhile I will asfc your prayers that I may be enabled to labor effectively in His cause of Christ, and that He, the groat Head of the Ghnrob, may Tooehsafe to own and bless my wo A. BEPOBSS. Various reports of which the annexed is an abstract were laid on the table, and an the motion of the Bev.& Osmr, seconded by Mr. N. Bliss, were read and adopted. STAHDJBG CKnOSanxfS BKPOKS. •Hie Standing Committee submitted their annual report upon the different matters re ferred to them, and to Special Committees by the last Synod, and upon those which had otherwise occupied their attention during the past year. Pariah Boundary.—A minute referring to the boundaries of All Saints, Moenta, and St. John's, Alaitiand, said—" The parish of All Salnto, Moonta, shall Tor the 'present- consist of the township of Moonta and the adjacent mines, within a radius of two miles from the Post-Offiee in the town of Moonta, until such time as the boundaries oan be more clearly de fined by district roads or otherwise. The boundaries of St. John's, MaitianO, shall be the boundaries of the Agricultural Area of Yorke Valley." Statistical Beturns.—They reported "that they had been unable to discover any reason for the delay which had oecurr- d in sending in the Statistical Beturns. The forme, however, had been slightly altered, and the Committee hoped, with a beneficial effect. They had also distributed copies of the Vestry Beoord Book, charging 7s. 6d- each, which is under cost price, and they recommended that at the beginning of it should be inserted by the Churchwardens all the information in first portion of the statistics required under qaeries 1 to 12 inclu sive, for the information of the Clergyman, or in case of vacant cures for the Wardens, who hi such case should be directed to sign Parochial Collections Return, and Paroohlalia," Assessment.—They estimated that the ex penditure for the ensuing year would he as follows:—Secwtary's salary, £150; printing, £50: postage*, £15; advertisements, £10; sundries, £10; total, £235. They recommended an assessment of eightpeace per sitting let, tm per returns of 1874-5, amounting to £251 81. 4d. There w? a balance ia band of £10 lls. 6d. Schedule C—The following Churches would be placed ia Bohedule C after June 30,1877, they having been in Schedule A more than 15 years:—St Thomas's, Port Lincoln; St. Thomas's, Belhannah. Synodal Sxpensea.—The assessment for 1875-6 had been sufficient to cover the expenditure and pay off £13105., which amount was borrowed last year from the Vacant Cures Fund, leaving abalanoe in hand to pay for the Vestry Beoord books. They regretted that eight Churches had not paid any assessment. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.—The Trus tees had published the second satnqaennial balanoe-theet to June 30,1875, aad a progress account to date. The Committee were happy to state that the report of the Actuary was ?uffioiently favorable to Induce them to raise the annuities from £30 to £35 per annum. Table of Collections.—A table was published showing the amount received from each Church for the various funds, and the amount paid as grants-in-sid to clerical incomes. j Becelved. 1874-5. 18756. : Synodal Assessment... £190 0 0 £226 17 4 1 HomeMiarfon ... 280 16 0 271 7 8 MisslontotheHeathen 142 8 6 141 16 61 Paid— Granto-in-aidtoCleri- j cal Incomes ... 628 18 1 490 5 3 Home Mission Fond.—The Committee bad ! been able to pay the grant in aid of stipends at : fall scale. j Mission to the Heathen.—lt was regretted that some Churches had made no collections, although there was still a alight improvement { in the number of Churches contributing. The : Committee had divided that portion of the j funds placed at their discretion equally between , the MeUneman and Lacepede Bay Missions,' with the understanding that the latter be dosed forthwith. Endowment of Churches.—lt was reported that St. Margaret's, Woodvflle, and St. Mar tin's, Campballtown, bad been endowed this year to the amount £500 each, the Incorpo rated Church of England Bndowmeat &odety; having contributed £390 la each case, aad the attorneys of the S.P.G. £12 10a. to St. Mar gareft, Woodville. Attention was also called to the following amended system for the en dowment of churches-:— fiOHBDDIS A> AS AHKBDaD BsS NOVXHBKB, 1876. '• System for the Bndowmeat of Oharohes— Agreed to by the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and the Standing Committee of tke Diooeean Synod, aad the L0.8.8. Society : "In order to promote the Endowment of Oharohes In Ob Diooese, end thereby secure the ordinances of oar Church la settled loca lities, "Belt resolved— "L That so soon as a sum of not leu than £40 aad aot exceeding £200 be raised or sub scribed by any pariah or district, It be met by a grant from the Z.C.&.C. Society of £60 for every 840 so subscribed, the total graatnot to exceed £300, provided-tiie annual Income of the Bodety will permit. , "2. That the aum thus raised be paid to the 1 Trustees of the Sadowawht of Churches Fond, to be invested by them, and the Income thereof be applied for the benefit of the minister of the parish or district so subscribing: Provided that such mlafater Void the licence Of the Bishop, and that such parish or district be subject to tiie Fundamental Boles and Pro visions of the Synod. "3. That the Income shall aot he appned as aforesaid-when and so long as any parish or district shall be without an incumbent minister; or when and so long a* the minister of the parish or district refuses or omits to compW with the terms of the consensual compact of j Synod. "4. That the Attorney* of the Saolety for the Propagation of the Gospel ia foreign parts guarantee forth* future interest on the capital of each Church at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum; that they will endeavor to augment the above paymenta by tauas aot exceeding 15 percent, on such interest; that they limit the guarantee to a period of ftWyfears, renewable for another tern tf their land* permit; that at the expiration ?f that period, should the money in vestodnotpredaeeanlnoomeeqaallofiperoent., j tiie ministers of the parishes or districts which ' 1 havesosnbsoribMshaubepaida|v?nitaamoiuit from all the moneys invested for endowments: Provided that whenever the rams invested ] yield a greater return than 10 per cent, on the whole of such Invested sums, then the excess shall be at the disposal of Synod for Church purposes. "5. That a preferential selection of such parishes or districts as may wish to avail them selves of the advantages to be derived from the I above proposed tystem of endowment, shall be I made by the Btaading Committee of Synod with the consent of the LC.X.S. Society." Schedule A.—No Churches had been added to this schedule during the year. The Committee acknowledged with thanks a gift to the Synod from Mr. O. B. Young of an allotment of land in the township of Belalie North. The Committee regretted having, to record the low during the year of Mr. B. B. OoUeyand Dr. Lewis, two of the earliest members of Synod. Letters of condolence were sent ia each case to the relatives of the deceased. The loss of Mr. B, B. Oolley had been severely felt by the Committee, and they desired to express publicly their thankful recollections of the singularly valuable sendees rendered by him to tin Church at large as well as to th) Synod. la the absence from the colony of Mr. H. H. Thomas, one of the Auditors, the Committee requested Mr. Thomas Evans to act. KDHUOKABT EBTKBPBIBK, Mr. G. W. Siluvast, the Hon. Sec to the Missionary Committee, reported that the work of supplying services to the Northern Areas had been energetically carried on by the Bev. H. Williams, who, from Melrose as a centre, had been enabled to pay periodical visits to Ports Augusta and Pirie, Gladstone, Laura, James town, and Georgetown. The S.P.G. has con tributed £150 to his stipend, whilst the contri butions from the various congregations to wham ne ministered were gradually increasing. The Bevs. O. G. Taplln and J. H. Oorvan were serving the Areas on Yorke'a Peninsula as opportunity offered. Promises had been re ceived from Laura and Port Pirie of £50 per aaaum and £20 per annum respectively. HAXTTX IOBSIOK, UOmDI BAT. The acting Hon. Secretary, Mr. O. B. Young, reported as follows on this Mission:—l beg to report that in January last, finding the children at school reduced to six, with no probability of the cumbers being increased, I gave notice to the Superintendent, Miss Armstrong, that the school would be permanently closed in three months from that date, knewing it to be the wish of Synod that it should not be kej.t open longer than neoeaiary. Three of the children, being orphans, were sent to Poraindle, onto provided with a sltoa. tlon, and the other two would have been taken <eharge of by respectable persons; , •at *e parents preferred taking them away, aad ham kft the district. During the several yearsthattlwlastitutlonhasbeenin existence, Ido not hesitate to say thatthe money haa been well expended, and with m fair aa average amount of good as oan usually be expected from charitable Institutions of the tin*. The closing ol the aocoroita shows a considerable balance to the debit of the Minion, which I hope, howerer, will be reduced by come allowance for the sohoolhonse which It erected on Government land, or by telling the material. I have applied to the Government on the subjeot, and am waiting a reply. Some assistance haa usually baen granted by the Trustees of the Poonindie Mission, whioh will no doubt be again afforded, and,by whioh tha amount may be farther re duoed or liquidated. ? Exhaustive financial reports of the various organizations in coaneetien with the Church were also laid on the table, AXEENDAHOB OT BIAHDIffG OOaOORSB. Mr. F. WIOKSTffIH) read the return of the attendance of the members of the Standing Committee daring the past year as follows: — The Lord Bishop had attended 12 times; Very Bev. Dean Busaell, 12; Ten. Archdeacon Marryat, 12; * Bev. a Green, 10; Bev. Thos. Field, 8-; * Kev. W. B. Andrew*, 6; * Bev. 0. W. Morse, 3; Mr. F. Wicksteed, 14; Mr. A. gpenea, 13; Mr. G. V. Slllifant,ll; Mr. W. Barlow, 9; Mr. O. B. Young, 8; Mr. H. D- Cruttenden, 6: Mr. N. OMham, 4; Mr. F. Halcomb, 4 ; * Mr. <3t. W. Hawkes, 3; Hon. Arthur Blyth, 2; Mr. H. F. Downer, 2: Dr. Geese, 0; Mr. H. Dutton, 0; Mr. S. W. Downer, 0. * Out of the colony portion of the year. OFKCEBS. Messrs. Henry Dutton and Alfred Spenoe ware, elected Treasasen^jaiis Moan. J. H Cunningham and Thomas Evans, Auditors, for the wisning year.- :? > thk STAtronra oomtirntm. The 'Synod then proceeded to elect the Standing Committee for the ensuing year, and Messrs. J. Thoenley and G. W. SiWfant were appointed scrutineers. The following gentle men were elected:—The Bev*. Archdeacon Marryet, Dean fttusell, 8. Green, W. B. ! Andrews, Archdeacon Dove, F. S. Pools, and i H. Bead; Messrs. O. a Young. F. Wicksteed, N. Blyth, i. Spence, N. Oldham, H. D. Cruttenden, W. 8. Douglas, W. Barlow, H, B. Downer, G. W. SlUifant, T. J. 8. O'Halloran, W. J. Fallarton, J. Hi Oonmngham, arid J. O. Bray. . oohkhtu of atoil The Bev f S. X. HowbU, M.A., Messrs. H. B. Downet, and W. D. Scott ware elected the Court of Appeal for the ensuing year. AASCBfeOSS. The following gtnttettten were ejected assbsrtw for the year;—Dean BasseH, Archdeacon Marryat, Caaon Coombs, tits Bern. 8. Sreea, W. B. Andrews, and Canon Dove; and Messrs. O. B. Young, G. A, Connor. & W. SUiifant, S. O. Pearson, <fc K DeMote, and T. S..S. O'Halloran • : ?-•.?,? KtT?iaiOffATiy? ce camnat, snrob. The nandnation of representatives to the General Synod, which the Primate hadeum moned a} Sydney on Taesday, 26th' September. in tills year, then took plane. His Lordship intimated that the fall number the Synod was entttiedto was fouri&inTawn; and four fevnea. ? After ajihortdlsetiatleft, it was decided to cutml' bate the fall number, it being considered that the Synod should have alt the debating power •hat It wasen?tl?4to. ThefoUowinggentieW were thorn nominated :—Dean BusaeU, Arob> deaoon Marryat, Canon Coombs, Be*. S. Green, B. T. Howel}, AnUaaeoa Dm* and W. B. Andrewa, Messrs. tteVltie Big th, H.B. Downer, J. O. Bray, O. B. Young, J. B. Hughes, W, Barlow, V. J. Fullarton, G. A. OennoJr.e&d; H. D. CraUendtaa. The two latter tfentfemea deoUnei aet^ aad tha Bev. Mr. HewtttaAd Mr. DouglM havii?bMn#p?oiat^*oriUibeen, the ball?t r*aul*ed a* fj?tiolw^ArcbdeaoQH Marryat, Dean?asSl, thfe BewTwTX Androwft, and*.Green, anOltesrs. "tt.mf^ O. B. Y4*u*g, W. Barlow, andH. ft Down6r. Archdeacon Dove, the Bev. X. T. Howell, a?aA Oabon Coombs, Mesata, Hsjsjhss^-B?ay, aad Foliation were also eleeSaOo act in! case .of an emergency. ? ' -- ? ... PABTOBAL ADDBSBS. I Tie Vory Bev. Peah., Bwas?a proposed in eulogistic terms—" That the thanks of Synod are do* to His lordship tha Bishop for his vaUCUIe Pastors} Address and report, which, with the KtatUHoal returns, be prmted In the raporC Mb Kstnu Bi,tx? seconded. Ome* ried. - rsnrTnroJ?aTQ?Ts. . The following reaolntlons were the'u earnad—. That the reports of the Standing Committee and Missionary OammittM be iwoeived, takes as read, and published in report; ttat the WanoMheet el tlw Tteamws of Byaodfor the year ending Easter, 1&76, and flu qoln 4oeanial balance-sheet and Mroness aoooont of the Trustees of the Clergy widow and Orphan Fund hb received, adopted, aad published in report; Oat the shanks of Synod be give to the Attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's P. A. Fond, the Trustees of the Poo nindie Native Institution, the Committees of the Incorporated OhaToh of Bagtanfl stadowJ ment Shtowty, thr Mrlanrdti Mlannn. IdMOfedo \ Bay Natiire Mission, and the Diooesan ?brary, j for their reports and stattctioal returns, aad that they be reoeived aad published in the roporfc*' _ aHBMWM a'BT Or tTITaTWR. The Bev. S. GBxmr proDosed—"That the assessment for Synodal •xpenses 1m u pro pose 1 by the Standing <oommlttee," and pointed out that Hie plan adopted was very equitable. The Bev. 3. Baoh said the assessment on his Choroh was very exoesdve, and be would move as an amendment that the assessment be re. ferred back to the Committee for itsMoonsi. dwstion. He sabmltted In support that while some time ago the offerings in his Church amounted to £150 or £170, t£ev were aow only £60 or £70, it could consequently not *o well afford to pay now am formerly the large amount expeoted of It. Mr. O'flAZffiO?AsT seconded. The motion was iblttmately carried in an amended form, it being agreed that the tnoanv bent and the churchwardens should have liberty to explain the Butter to the Standing Committee. Atmrro?. The Synod approved of the appointment of Mr. Thomas Evans as Auditor in the place of Mr. H. H. Thomas. 4KB WIDOW ABD OBPHAH FSsTD. Mr. FOLtAKtou proposed—'That the innrtrasti of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fond An nuities from £30 to to £85 be approved." A discussion followed, daring which it was sug gested that it would U well if the gentlemen who had charge of the Fund would invest a portion of It in land, which, it was thought, would increase in value much more rapidly than the money with interest added. Some gentlemen thought that a specifio amount should be named to be invested! ia the manner suggested; aad others said Oat it would perhaps be more advisable to leave the matter in the hands of the Committee to use their own discrettoa. It was ultimately . decided that the Investment Committee should be recommended to consider *he pro priety of investing a portion of the funds in land. The original motion was earried. BSPOBX OF BTfIOD. The Bev. 8. Gbhb moved—" That the Bevs. S. Green, F. S. Poole, aad H. M. Pollitt, and Messrs. G-. W. Bfllifant and F. WicVateed, be a Committee to edit the report of Synod, and that it be an instruction to them to incur as little expense as possible." Carried. &AHD; IK KAZSKA. The Bev. O. G. Tapijn moved—"That it be aa instruction to the Standing Committee to sell allotment of land No. 7, situated in I Kadiaa, for and on behalf of Christ Charon, | Kadina." He pointed ont that the land was comparatively useless to the Church, aad the money would be very naefol in liquidating the debt on the Churoh property. The land had been given to the Church by a Mr. Boor. Mr. Ex seconded the motion, and said he did not think that there were any trusts connected with it The laud was under the Real Properly Act. A diaoassfea followed, In which several gentlemen urged that In a ease of that kind the donor of .the land ought to be consulted prior to the aale, to see whether he intended the laud to be simply as a gift to the Church or as an endow, meat. It was also thought the* land ought cot td be disposed ?f in that manner unless the Charoh w?s compelled to do so. The resolu tion Was ultimately carried In the following forin i—" That en the vestry of Christ Church, Kadina, giving satisfaction to the. Steading Committee that it to the wkh and for the pecuniary advantece ?f the Ohuroh, they shall be at liberty to order the transfer of the land; and that the wishes of the Senor be first aseer> talned.* - Aa adjournment was then made for three quarters of rn hour. 3? Yews. S> IS7S-6 6,611, 1874-5 6,6?5 1878-* 6.54S 1872-3 6,204 1871-2 5,941 If 2,707 8,463 2,487 ?841 •g g I I 1 I &i; % ? 1*5 * I 5| 1,307 482 4,921 1,207 454 4,(63 1,578 481 4,935 1,402 609 4,880 1,342 OS 4,556 S68 445 821 S35 330 sss 419 341 284 27f 