SPORTING NOTES. BY RUSTICUS Being in the neighbourhood of Cadzow Park a few days ago I bethought me of dropping in, " promiscuous-like," with the view of having a look at the stock on the farm. Finding the proprietor, Mr. G. W. Harris, at home, he readily assented to my proposal, and we were not long in finding our way to the stables where the stallions, Athos and Dollar, are located. We "interviewed" the latter first, and found him as lively as a colt. He has improved much since I last saw him. I used to regard him as a somewhat plain, leggy horse, but he has thick ened considerably, and shows more quality. Athos, who occupies the adjoining box, was then brought out; he is the same high-spirited, gen tlemanly fellow as of yore, and is of course a great favorite with his owner. Athos has never had much of a chance at the stud, but when properly mated there is no doubt of his ability to get serviceable- stock. - The condition of both horses reflects the highest credit on Robertson, the stud groom. The science of breeding is not very well understood even in these days of enlightenment, for there are many breeders who fancy that by putting a likely- looking mare to a thoroughbred horse the result of the union is sure to prove a racehorse. No greater fallacy ever existed, and it is one which often leads to disappointment. "Like begets like," and to get a racehorse of high class requires that both dam and sire should be "clean bred." But this is a digression. Taking a stroll round the luxuriantly-grassed paddocks, with clover nearly a foot high, the sight was, one which would have gladdened the eyes of our less-favored brethren in the north. I doubt if there is any place in Australia to beat Mount Gambier for grass and clover when favored with even a fair season. There were between fifty and sixty mares in the paddocks on a visit to Athos and Dollar, most of which, had foals running by their sides, chiefly claiming these sires as their paternals. There were many well-bred'uns amongst the number, calculated to throw good useful stock. One of the best of the lot is the neat little Amazon-a mare well-known here as very speedy over a short course. She was occupying a small enclo sure near the stables, in company with her foal -a colt by Athos-which was suffering from rheumatic fever; every care is being taken of it by Robertson, who hopes to pull the youngster through. A very stylish mare is Stella, by Jersey from a King Alfred mare, belonging to the proprietress of Hedley Park, with a neat foal at foot bt Athos. Amongst the number were very useful-looking mares belonging to Mr. M. Clarke, and other breeders t, but not taking any notes I cannot tcli about them. Returning to the nad a look at the proprietor's own amongst which were some fine carriage buggy pairs and hacks, notably a pair of upstanding brown horses, measuring 16 hands or over, by Dollar out of the prize mare Brownie, which are valued by their owner at considerably over 100 guineas. The Victoria Derby, which was run on Satur day last, resulted in the complete overthrow of the favorite, Newminster, much to the surprise of most people. Thus has the glorious uncer tainty of racing, like law, received another ample verification. Of course there are many wise prophets-after the event is over!-who predicted exactly how it would be. But these prophets are usually very careful not to give any - reasons for holding such an opinion. I must confess to a feeling of disappointment at the re flinr,I1nvin2.1i- 1 sni,« ' tin it, I cannot be accused of prejudice, and I still believe he is the best three-year-old in Australia. His defeat is to be attributed, I believe, to the over-confidence, of Ins party, and possibly to l.is bei»" a little "off on the day. Until Newminster ran' in the Derby he had polished off everytbingWposed to lum with the utmost ease. The V;E.C. Derby of 1876 will be distinguished in the future as the fillies'year, for, with the excep tion of the winuer, neither of the other two placed were supposed to linve the ghost of a chance. Briseis hails from the always danger its St. Alban's stable. She is a daughter of!' imported Tim Whiffler and Musidora, the dam | of Miss Jessie, Belphegor, &c.;, and is remark able for her great speed, having accomplished the fastest mile ever done in Australia, viz., in lm. 43s, at the last Sydney meeting. j Quite a flutter of excitement was occasioned nmongst the. leaders of fashion- in Melbourne last month on the arrival of the English mail steamer, when it became known that, through some mishap or another, a large portion of the cargo, including the whole of the" fashionable ) dresses, &c.;, ordered specially from Worth, the j Paris man-milliner, for the Cup day, hnd been ! left behind at Aden. Some of these have been I described to me, and must be very beautiful ludeed-one, in particular, a white satin studded with pearls, valued at n thousand guineas, being : perhaps the most elaborate of all.' I don't sup pose, however, this mishap will cause any per ceptible diminution in the attendance on the Cup day. The result of the Cup running yesterday was even a greater surprise thau that for the Derby, for until the morning of tjie latter race, when | Briseis came with a mtflp, she was not consid- j ered to be in either.,Briseis wiuning the double, Derby- and- Cup,:4sv fa'great triumph for "her breeder, owner, 'aiid trainer,. Mr. J. Wilson of St. Albans, who lias at length broken the spell,; for, aa every one knows, a, mare lins jwVer before been the 'first' to catblr' the judge's eye in this great event. The ;second place is also filled by a mare, Sibyl, arid what is somewhat curious, these two arc not only closely related, hut are the smallest pnir of all lliose 'engage'd. The Whifflers are cer'ainly in great form, for Briseis and Sibyl are'by iiii]M>i 'ifI Tim, whil« he third horee, Tiniothy, is l>y Sydney Tim. 