Jessie Lathrop. ,\a STORY OF MURDERERS' swamp. Of course, these things engrosseit tne main part of tho conversation during supper —onh of those old-fashioned affairs that are out of dale now Bessie protesting it was'safe ; Ler mother acreeim? with her, and her father kcepinp BiUnce until Tanninp desirca to ac- put. Then be suddenly decided to accom pany him a portion of the way. ' I'vo got to go to the null, he sain, and I may as well Bave tlio time by going to-night. I didn't think of doing so, but as Bessie seems skittish, I'll ride along with yon until wo come to tho forks of the road, though it will make mo late getting home, if Jcome at all, May be I'll stay and settle np accounts with the miller, if I don » nnd him too busy." , \- Without waiting to hear either agreement or protest npon the subject, Latlirop hastened nway to prepare tho horses, taking so long a time, however, that it was noticed by the overs (the mother having conveniently fonnd engagements elsewhere), even though though they woio settling the day of their marriage ; and at length Bessie, who was far mora alive to danger than Manning, was rushing out to ascertain the cause of delay, as she saw him coming, already mounted and leading the other horse, and hastened Luck to receive the Inst embrace, " You'll certainly como up on Sundny, Bho said, as Charley held her pressed for a moment to his henrt, "Yee, bright eyes," he replied, with a Bmile. " It wonld never do for a blooming young maiden to pass Sunday evening alone Ono more kiss— another — good night," " Oh, father, how dark it is )" as she saw tho state of affairs outside ; " nnd what kept you so long ?" " I had some work to do. and — But it s all right now. It isn't very dark, Yon'vo P3t come from the light — that's what makes it look so. Como, Manning. It U bo star light by tho time wo get to ihe forks. Tell your mother, Bess, sho needn't look for me home before to-morrow somq time." Talking upon various subjects, they rodo along until the edge of the dismal swamp was reached. There the road forked, and Lathrop paused as ho turned into the npper, Of right hand ono, " I hope you will have a safe journey, Manning, and come up and sco us ngaii'. soon." " I promised Bcssio a visit on Bun- dny." " That's hearfy I Bot'er stop nt Hans Austermyer's. It's a cooi night, to be sure ; lint it's a good stretch through the swamp, nnd I know you ride fast." " Thank yon. Good night. Tho horse of Charles Manning was n powerful brown — -.veil known upon the river- road — fleet, sure-footed, and possessed of great bottom, He had ridden many a time through the swamp within an hour, and was determined to do so even in less time now, for somehow tho conversation of tho evening nnd Bessie's fears liad rendered him more cautious than ever before. Had it not been so late he would have, taken the stage road, oven though it entailed a mueli longer rule. But now spell a thing was not to be thought of, nnd he pressed forward until lie came to tho little tavern' that stood upon whit might be called the dividing lane between safety and danger. He glanced through the dingy window as he paused to water his horse, and would gladly havo continued his journey, had he not felt that such a proceeding would not answer. The class of men usually gathered there were remarknbly jealous of their stand ing, anil to pass them without speaking, or a tavern without treating all hands, was a mortal offence. Besides, he knew them all. The sloops always stopped at the landing (where he was junior partner in the princi pal firm) ; often brought goods nnd took away produce, and it was a matter of business interest to stand well with them. Thoy were | rot, of course, such society as be fancied, or h!s darling Bessie wonld have approved of ; buthe reasoned lhat it was necessary, and threw his bridle-rein over a post, and entered. Boisterously welcomed upon every side, the "flip-iron" was soon In demand, and ho was quizzed as to his so frequently visiting that portion of the country, for lcve-mattora were common property. Wil'mg t-i have his presence attributed to that cause (so as to conceal bis real business) he answered gaily, nnd as soon as possible put un end to the ronph hand shaking and somewhat broad tonsts. "Yon'vo pot a dark night," paid the land lord, who followed him out of doors. " If I was you, I'd wnituntil morning. The swamp is full of spooks, nnd you wouldn't oalcli me taking my chance of ghosts." " I thought thejr were confined to grave yards," replied Manning, with a forced laugh, " " If the swamp isn't a graveyard, I don't know of one. Better take a little more ef what yon Yankees call Dutch courage before you start, any wny." "Not any, thank you." "Well," — nnd he drewnenrer, and lowered his voice to a whisper, — " keep a sharp look out. If I aren't blind, Tsnwa man ride past while we were drinking." " You must oe mistaken. I nm certain I should have noticed it, for I was keeping my eyes npon my horse." " I don't think I nm. Anyhow, the warning won't do nny hurt. Have you got any pistols ? If not, tnke mine." " Thnuk yen, I am armed." "All right ; but you had better stop all night." " Impossible." " If anything should happen, remember I spoke in time. I may have bad a hard name with Eome — perhaps havo earned it ; but I am a good friend of yours, Mr Manning ; nnd haven't forgotten how kind you were to ma, when the mast of the Clny fell and ciushed my legs, we wore near starving." " I thank you for tho warning, and will take care of myself. But 1 don't think there is any one who would molest me." " You can't tell that. Those who hold their heads tho highest, nnd nren't kus- picioced, are tho worst. But if you will go, good luck nnd fair weather." Manning rode away, thinking of how cer tainly the henrt nf Bessie Lathrop would bo j broken if nny thing should happen to liim, and regretting more than ever that ho had i notfollowed her advice. Both he and his horse knew the road well — hnd travelled it OTer a hundred times. It : was winding, but perfectly smooth at that | Benson of the year, nnd free from entangle- 1 ments — fitted almost for a racecourse. Both : were anxious to reach home — the ono to j snfely depoBittlio money that folt like a load | above his heart, nnd to dream of Bessie, nnd , tho other for n warm stable, nnd plenty of j straw and food, So as soon as tho lights in i the littlo tavern hnd disappeared, and the swnrap was fairly entered. Manning pressed his spur to liia horse's side — patted liiB glossy neck — spoke to him kindly, and urged him into the long gnllop that wonld carry him swiftly nnd easily along. By this time the darkness was profound. The forest was dense on either side, and the trees almost touched nnd interlocked their ( branches overhead, For the rider to dis- i tingmsh anything, was impossible. He kept I his reins light, but wns forced to trust all to j the sngncity of his horse, who had never failed him. He could hear tho hoarso mut. i tcrings of the river, tho grinding of the ice I enkes against ench other, the whistling of the wintry night through the leafless tree j tops but all else wns silent, Bave the clnt- terring ot the horse's feet upon the flinty road, Certain, however, of soon being in com fortable quarters — relieved of all responsi- j bility, and with no tbonght for any one but his darling, — ho rode oheerily on until , snddonly his liorse snorted wish terror, reared wildly, nnd fell heavily. He strug gled to gain his feet ; but before we could accomplish It, a heavy band was uprn iris lliroat — a knee pinioned him to the ground, and a hoarse voice demanded his money, ' Never I" wns the resolute reply. " Aha 1 You think you can use your pistols. Try it I No ono but fools leave them where tbo bullets can be drawn f " " By heaven. I know lhat vnieo 1 — know the feeling of that coat 1 You i.il — ob, God, you are " The report of a pistol startled the solitude, and his tongue waB silenced for ever. He dropped back dead just as iris horse hnd extricated himself from the mesh-work of ropos that knit been Btrelchsd across the rond, and ran swiftly homeward, wild with terror. A bullet whistled after Iriia, but it only served to increase bis speed, andtke robber coolly poscsBsed himself of tho money and other valuables of liis victim, dragged the body a short distanco into the wood, threw it into deep, stngnnnt pool, and disappeared. Aroused by the horse of Manning, the little crowd gathered in the tavern at the landing quickly divined what had happened, nnd instnutly organized a search. There was luintirs among them who were acquainted with every portion of tho swamp — perhaps some who hnd trucked even human game there — nnd tho body was soon found nnd i carried Badly borne. But the cne who commited the deed remained unknown; though the killing of so noted aman ns Charles Manning created an inteUBc excitement, and every possible eflort was made to forrct him out — even the landlord of the little inn in the swamp, and many others whose hands were believed to be stained with blood, taking an active part. But most prominent of all was the father of Ilessie. Ho offered a largo reward, rode night nnp day consulted with the oflicers, and wns untiring iu his efforts. Save those with whom Manning hnd drunk nnd bniidcd jests for a few moments, he was tho lust who had seen him alive. But his innocence was easily aHd clearly proved. The miller nnd the loungers round his establish ment swore that Lathrop had arrived thoro an hour before tho crime could possibly havo been committed — they had noticed the timo particularly, and ho had not left tho house till late the next morning. Others were nrrested, but nothing could ha ascertained against them ; nnd at length the wonder died away. But there wbb oue who never forgot it for n single moment. That was Bessie Lathrop. Tho effect upon her was terrible. She had loved Manning with an intense paBsion — with the fervor of her entire soul ; and sho became changed into a broken, sad-eyed woman, prematurely old, with her raven hair streaked with white before she had oven arrived at the years of womanhood. Her father did everything that was in his power to rouso her, but in vain. Ho would have lavished money upon her, but Bhe refused ; would havo taken her travelling, bat nothing wonld tempt her from homo. She avoided everybody but her mother, and kept .herself shut np for tho most part in her chamber. Tho advice of physicians was sought in vain There was no ono who could "minister to a mind diseased — pluck, out a rooted sorrow from tho heart." The physicians of the body failing, ho whoso providence was to minister to tho soul was sent for by her mother, but retired, baffled. The girl heard bim in respectful Bilenco : would answer nothing, save that Bhe trusted in the mercy of the Lord, nnd hoped lie would soon call her away from oarth, to rejoin him she loved ; and all he could do for her was to pray. A year passed, and Bessie Lathrop was reduced to a mere shallow of her former self. Her violent grief had become somewhat subdued ; hut overy ono saw that she was pining herself to death— that release must soon como. Still there was no single word of complaiut, as sho sunk lower and lower, until nh - '.! no longer lenvo her room ; never ov n p. .-oiitted her father to cuter, until t,m ri.j physician told her. sbo would n.u, :iv« to see tbo rising of another ami. Then she sent l'or him ; said mo wished to sea him alone, As- soon as her niothor ir.ii. i.l:e room, she turned her tear-blonched eyes upon him, and Baid, in a low voice. " Fn.thor, I am '! going to God this very ni -iit !" "Nu, no, my child," lie (.To be Conti \ ml.) A Mrs Jamicson, who i i in Mercer ' street, was sovcrely burnt yesterday (says the Geolong Advertiser). It appears that her husband loft in the morning to go to his work, and did not return until his dinner hour. Whon be did, ho found her lying on ,- tho floor in front of tbo fire, with nearly all her clothes burnt off her body, From what he could learn from her, lie "found that hei dress had caught fire when eho was lighting tho fire some hours previously, and sho had remained there until he came i u, not being able to move. She was at onco removed to ' the hospital, where it was found her injuries wore of a serious character, her legs and the lower part of her body being very much burnt. Em's Coooa. — Goatefu ami, Coaijobtiho. —By a thorough knowledge of i-lio natural laws, which govorn tlio oporatio . s of digostiza and fiutrition, nnd by a careful a plication of the nno properties . f well- soloctod cocoa, Mr Epos has provided our brokfasr tables with a deli- eately flavoured bovorago wh'eh may save us many heavy doctors' bills. 1 1 is by tho judioioas ub9 of such ar.ieios of diol, that a constitution may bo gradually built up until strong onough to resist ovory toadonoy to u isesco Jr. undreds of anbtlo maladies are floa'iag around uj, roaed 1 to attaok whorover there in a Weak point. We may escape many a fatal rbaft by trooping onr." selves woll fortified with p aro hiood and a properly nourished iramo — jivii forvico 3a7otfe 