TALES AND SKETCHES. Looking Back. i(From H Maker's Journal.) She was standing where I liad first seen her looking seawards, dressed in white, and very, very pale. She turned to me, and lifted her earnest eyeR up to my face. I feared lest she might read the agony there; 'but no, no change came over her face, which would have looked like, the angel of pity had she guessed the Strife which was going on within. " Your cousin wishes me to be his wife," she said, very quietly; " do you think it will be for his good ?" For a moment I faltered, but then my good resolutions came back to me stronger than ever, and I determined to sacrifice my love on the altar of my friendship; my will grew strong, and then I answered in a clear, steady voice, though within me my heart was indeed desolate; " It could not be but for liis good, and with all my heart I wish you both every happiness." She turned away, very pale, without a word, and I went back wondering if martyrdom were more bitter than the feelings I endured then. My love, my life, gone from me—gone! Oh, God I no hope, no brightness in the future now, all dull, dark misery and despair. Walter went off that Very day to see my father about it, and before going asked me to see to Any and take care of her. . Her father had departed as suddenly as he came. I tried to get myself into a proper fatalistic and " che sara. sara " state of mind: but no use. She was mine for the three precious days which would elapse before Walter came back. " Be happy, for to- morrow we die," was my feeling. Tbe last day before he was expected, we started for our usual walk along the shore, the tide was out very far, allowing us to pass a point we had never before reached. There was a little bay on the other side, with flat, small rocks in it, half buried in the sand, the clifl's hung high above us, yellow with wall-flowers, a lark sung overhead, and the waves washed on the beach with a melodious soothing murmur. The soa lay blue and calm, dotted, here and there, with the white sails of the fisher boats. All round was peaceful-and bright, and I was at Amy's side, happy. " How lovely it is," she murmured; how sad to think that the sea, which looks so calm now, has been, and will be again, so cruel and relentless to so many poor victims. To-morrow, even, it may be dark and stormy." " Yes, to-morrow," I said ; " tomorrow you may bring Walter here." She looked up at me. I suppose my tone was unconsciously bitter ; a verse of Teunyson's'carne to my mind as particularly appropriate, for after' to-morrow "The tender grace of a day that is dead Will never come back to me," ' ' And a wild wish arose in me that thesea would come up and kill us there together as we sat There was a long silence. I dared not look up at her, my brain was all in a whirl. Suddenly she rose. *' The tide is coming in fast," she said; "we must turn that point quickly, or we shall be shut in 1" I sprung to my feet, and we hurried down to the point. I seemed as though the sea had only just reached it, and that by a little wading through we could get to the other side; but as I climbed on to the farthest rock I saw a mass of tumbling waves—the sea was quite deep and rough there, and it would be a hard task for a good swimmer to get to the shore. There was no getting round. My terrible wish seemed near its fulfilment. Was it Satan's handiwork? It seemed like it. I- looked at Amy; she understood the danger. " You have a father who cares for you," she said quietly, " or I Would not ask you to leave me." For reply I took her in my arms and climbed the rocks as high as I could. I could just reach below highwater mark, and no more. There was very slight foothold, and we might bo easily swept off—nay, if the tide were at all high, we could not help being washed away. I leant against the rock, keeping my arm round Amy. She was very quiet. "We shall die together," I said presently. " 1 am sorry for you," she murmured; " it does not matter for me." Yet I was losing all I cared for in ly the world; and she—could it be that die was not happy ? Meanwhile the tide came on, creeping sloyrly, silently, cruelly on, to rob us of life. I measured its progress: " A boat may pass," I whispered; but she shook her head, and now for the first time I looked at her. There was a calm, holy light in her eyes, as if she saw Paradise near. Still "the sea came slowly on—higher—it reached our feet. I felt Amy shiver as the first wave touched her, and I dre,v hur closer to me. She lowered her eyes from the sky, and, leaning her head on my shoulders, said veiy slowly. " Charlie, I may say it now, for we are soon to die. Kiss me once, Charlie, before I die, for I love you." I bent down—I could not speak. She did not look of the eaith. The waves rose higher, and as they reached her waist Ikissed her, and said, *' Amy, I have loved you from the first." Sh shivered again, and I kissed her for the last time, as we had not long to. live, and then -a shout from abuve, and a rope dangled before us. We were saved! In a dream I fastened it round us, and we were drawn up together. It appeared that two men had seen us go to the point, and had gone to the town to get ropes. Ten minutes more, and our dead bodies would have floated out to sea. After rewarding and thanking our preservers, I looked at Amy. She was very pale, and I thought she would faint. " Are we far from the town ?" I asked a man. " Only three fields away over that stile, and along the path," was the answer. " Can you walk ?" I asked Amy. She bent her head, and we walked on. At the next stile she stopped, and turned round and faced me. I stood with my head bowed down before her—the man who had betrayed his cousinand friend. But the temptation —and I thought it was my last hour. *' Charlie," said the low, sad, sweet voice, we niust see each other no more." " I know it," I groaned. " I know you must despise me, Amy, though Heaven knows I have done my best to hide my love for you; but it was drawn from me by a mightier power than I could control." "All! you hid it too well. Oh, had I only known ! It is I who am despicable ;• but I thought death was near, and I felt, then that you did love me. But that morning in tlw garden ?" I thought you loved Walter," said . I, " and I crushed my own love, and I would not stand between you." At this she turned paler than before. "He was good and kind, and I thought he was the only one who, cared for me, and would take me from my father. If you only knew what misery and cruelty I have had to endure, you would pity mo." ' " But / was the one you loved, my darling," I said. " Hush," was the quiet reply of the pale lips, " you must not speak like that; you must never say that again. I am bound to Walter, and you are his friend. Perhaps we may meet again when I am his wife ; and, if not, life is not—-life is not so very long. Good-bye, Charlie, God bless you wherever you go in this worldand she held out her hand to me. I knelt before her, and kissed her hand, and when. I looked up she, my love of long ago, was going into tbe mist, and it shut her out for ever from me in tliis world. • I made some excuse ; to Walter for not staying to his wedding, and I wandered about, trying, not to forget her, but to love her with a love which would let me see her again—a higher, holier, unselfish love—and I went abroad. When I came back after many months, Walter called on me, looking the Very ghost of his former self, and told me how she had told him it was impossible for her to fulfil her engagement. She did not love him, and would not make him miserable without love, and she had retired into Anglican Sisterhood, where she devoted herself to works of mercy. I met her once in a low court near St. Giles's. She looked at me for a moment, bent her head, and passed on ; yet I could see the little hands grasp the black dress, and the sad, sweet face grow paler, and I felt I was not quite forgotten even in the cloister. Two months afterwards I heard from Walter that she was dead. She had been nursing some children ill with a contagious disease, and slu had caught the"infection herself, and it had killed her. On hearing this news, I think my reason left me for a time, and all was a blank. I was punished for my idolatry of lier. When I recovered, they gave juie a'letter she had written to Jrne shortly before her death—a few sisterly words, and a lock of her hair. • I wander over the world seeking rest, finding none, longing only for death to release me. Till that time shall come, my love, my love of long ago— farewelL 