WESTWARD, HO! (Vide Cartoon .) Leaving the city enveloped in smoke, Punch hath bestraddled his spirited moke, Used the " persuaders " and slackened the rein Onward he goes, over valley and plain, Passing by factory, farmyard, and forge, Spanning the bed of the River of George, Breathing the atmosphere bracing and keen, Crossing the depths of the mighty Nepean ; Over the mountains enshrouded in mist, Over the streamlets that wander and twist Over ridge, hollow, and cavern, and cave, Over the gullies that yawn like the grave ; Up where the eagle-hawks, sailing on high, Utter their strange, indescribable cry ; Up where the cloud-shadows lazily creep — Barkening surfaces rugged and steep — Up amid solitudes sombre and still, Pasring the sources of torrent and rill — Sped Mr. Punch on his excellent hack " Steamer," who knows every inch of the track. Down by the Zig-Zag's precipitous pass, Scorched is the herbage and withered the grass, Killed by the touch of the Fire King's breath, Breathing destruction, and ruin, and death. Downward ! the valley of Hartley is passed ; Punch nears the end of his journey at last. Sees his hotel, and in front of the door Standing, there's pretty Miss B. to be sure ! Yes, it's herself, sure, and then Mr. Punch Fancies it ought to be time for his lunch. Lovely Miss Bathurst, to keep up the joke, Comes to the door with a glass of " she- oak." " Welcome !" she cries, " bet your dollar on tbat." (He's a smart- looking boy in his cabbage-tree hat, And couldn't — so pearly and white was her skin- Help chucking her tenderly under the chin). But, while Mr. Punch was enjoying his beer, Toby, the faithful, kept hovering near ; Toby, who'd gallantly kept up the pace — Rather knocked up by the length of the race — Looked like the ghost of an underpaid clerk. Weedy his voice was, and stringy his bark, Many a side glance and ogle he cast Up in the face of Miss Bathurst at last. Surely she never intended to " bilk" Toby ? Of course not ; — she gave him some milk, Stroked him and fed him, and left him alone, Gnawing a juicy political bone. Let's leave them — it's likely when next they come down (That's Toby and Punch) to revisit our town, They'll cross o'er those mountains so rugged and steep, In charge of a mob of fat cattle or sheep. 