Whatever may- be said with j-egard to the Atti tude assumed by England towards her colonies, it cannot be affirmed that she laid herself open to -the;.. charge of ispoiling them by exces : 8ive pampering ; her. policy has rather verged to the extreme in the opposite direction, and. on j ?';.' many,, occasions the colonies have had just ground for complaining that the treatment they received from the Home Government was inde fensible.. ?:? We -do not object to be made self reliant ; but we protest against being considered as burdens on die mother fionntry. i atterly v;e have not heard so much about disintegra tion but it is, not long since a section of the Liberal pavty iu England decjainied very, loudly about tho advantages that would be gained by the old country, if' tie colonies were set free. There never was,, however, anything liko. general desh-e foi' such a course of; action ; and we -ifiay: confidently predict that any proposal : of; that; kind willLnot he. serioualy entertained. \witil4t' emanates from the colonies themselves, which -will not bo just yet-. Still there is a matt«r in connection with. this Colonial question ?which demands some attention. , It will not be forgotten that in . 1 874,' Earl Carnarvon, in a despatch,., which: he sent, to the:;' Governor of New. i South , Wales,;'. suggested that tliLs colony; as well as ' -Victoria; -JTew Zealand; and Queensland, . shoxild. contribute a small annual, sum,: not to . exceed in ^my case: £ 4000,. towards tho probable deficiency in the revenue of Fiji,- which was':then' 'about to be annexed.' The . r.everal Governments declined to render' ouch aHsistance, though from different reasons ; and subsequently the * Earl forwarded another despatch', in 'which . he . entered at some . length into the reasons-, which: induced liim to mako the suggestion, —.Tha: question ' has been very * ably dealt with by Sir Julius A^ogel in a memorandum ' which ha wrote in reply to tho J last despatch j and though \ye cannot acquiesce i entirely, in the views 'which lie 'expresses, wq can give him credit :for his ability and' impar tiality, . 'Lord;OAaNAHVoN wished the Colonial Governments to considur .' whether tho time lias not arrived'for the adoption of some general principle, under which each colony morn imme diately concerned, shall ..bear its reasonable proportion of the expense attending, any policy.' ?which it in'ay* advocate or'approve.' ? Sir Julius. Yogel thinks tho .proposal' a reasonable one, and would be prepared at any time, should New ? Zealand be desirous 'of seeing any- of the South Sea Islands annoxed;. to . submit a 'resolution, to Parliament (o the effect that a recommendation of such, annexation sliquld bo accompanied; by a stafemont of the poouniary; aid it is prepared ? to :rendorsfor that pui'poso.' New Zoaland, it .. appears,'- is tnuch concerned in the annotation of tho Navigatoi';. Islands, and therefore, if it wan&tho; motlier. country to take .possession of ' them';; sit: will be prepared to conti'ibnto to the uxponditui'e which woulc} ba nccessaiy for the carrying on of tho local iGovornment. . The ox: ? Premier:, ad m its 'that' it is a new feature for a colony :by pecuniary contributions to aid . the . mother ??country- txvenlargu Jior Colonial . posses- H'oiis ; bat -lii tlie same.: tiiiie he concedes tiiat . there Ss a gieat deal ol' wiriglit in fhi; vio\y I ' that thu Imperial 'Government hn.vo a j,:ght to, consider advice . voluiitenred :by tho coloiiics, unsupported by any - .assistanco,' is; to say -the least, not much entitled to consideration if it, bo made on tho ground only of Imperial concern.'' Wo ? confess that we do not see the cogency of this argument. It is certainly a novel one, and one which it will not . be ah easy matter to maintain in tho face of tho opposition which bo brought to bear against it. The annexation of Fiji was almost, forced on the Imperial -Go- vernment from tho fact that tho nf, tempt to stamp out the labour traiJio would have been comparatively futile until tho Government acquired a moro substantial visjht to- protect Oie islanders than they possessed. That traffic v/i-.y a disgrace to the English nation, and it was but- right that the Imperial authorities should take such steps, including the obtaining possession of Fiji, as would obliterate the stigma that had been cast upon it by. a number of unscrupulous traders;.. The' main question that wo have to consider in, whether it is desir- : able that England should ..introduce this novcl i feature into her., colonial policy ; or rather j whether she is justified in introducing it. That i the colonies have never 'contributed pecuniary ; assistance before is, of - course, no .reason why .they. should not do so but it' leads us to ask why, at this peculiar stage of history they should be called upon, while struggling to emerge from 'their chrysalis state, to assist in adding valuable possessions to wealthy. Great Britain. She has done as little as she possibly ' could to assist the colonies,: in the -Pacific at least;: She has left them so unprotected that if a - .war breaks .out in Europe, , they are at tho mercy of ? any -of the belliger ents who inay feel disposed : to' . attack them j and she has told' them,, by. the attitude she has ; adopted ; towards them, that, the best thing they can do- is to, shift for themselves, If it' is not advantageous to Great Britian to annex the Navigator or any other Island', we ; may feel pretty - certain she will- 'not do so'. Thoro i3 New Guinea for instance. . The Im perial authorities show no desire s^t the, present time to : take possession of that island j but: if France or Russia were found to-be casting covet : oils eyes in that direction, arid preparing ' to make it a, dependency of theirs, is it likely that Great Britian would allow them to carry. .out: their intention '! The probability is that the island -would be annexed by the mother coun try 'before, anyone but the persons actually en gaged knew any thing about it. In that case, a demand ..would be made on the colonies for pecuniary aid, because they- have urged that it would be a grievous loss to the nation if New Guinea had passed into their hands: -.There-are numerous islands in the South Seas which must eventually:, bcco'me absorbed -into tho Bristish Empire, and it will be'eome a more serious -question than it is now if the taxpayers- of the colonies are to -be called upon to assist in main taining a number of struggling settlements from whioh they can receive very littlo advantage. HoNEsry Rewarded.— On Tuesday '.evening, a working man found,, near the North Shore Ferry, 'ft ? purse containing £4 19s. 3d. Without opening it he took it to the clerk of the ferry, and, after counting tiie contents in his presence, handed (jver tho. whole, Later in the evening a lady called to inquire if any person, had .mentioned finding it, and upon describing the purse and itsf contents it was 'restored to her. Overpowered with '.gratitude she handeel the clerk 2s. as a reward for the man's honesty. - ' .Bled 'to Death.— A death from what may at first sight appear a very trifling cause took place at Ballarat on the 0th instant. On the 'afternoon of the 7th instant a fine little boy of 12, named Pollock, whose parents live in Nicholson-stroet, while at play with some companions fell and broke one of his teeth. Shortly^ afterwards, while in side the house, the .brokon stump dropped out*,; and .the gum commenced to bleed freely, and as his mother could not' stop tho flow of blood sho took the boy to the hospital, where the hemorrhage was stopped. On Friday (.he gum bled again, and was again stopped,- and though a considerable amount of blood had .been then lost no ill offects were feared. On Satiirday however, though several remedios were' tried, the poor child seemed to droop, and at about 2, o'clock in the afternoon lie died, the causo being the shock to' the- system from the loss of blood. This is (says the ' Ballarat | : Star', a rare case of what wo . behove is .'called i hemorrhagic .diathesis. ; fA brother of tho ..boy i .jnstdead died some time ago in a similar way, , having bled to death through scratching .the , roof of his mouth, with a piece of ice. It is mentioned as a curious feature in the present-case that after death the body did not turn black, as is usual in such: cases, . Ohinbsk C'ubemonzes. — Our ; Ohineae fellow-: citizens were in a stato of great excitement during the whole of Sunday (says the ' Ballarat Star'), and up to about 3 a. m. ' this (Monday) morning. They believo that' the souls of those Chinese who have not died a natural death wander restlessly about, cold and hungry, ''seeking, rest and find ing none,' so, once a year a grand feast is. made, and immense fires lit for thoir boneiitj- and that those spirits .may be properly clad, clothes— some- I tiling after the style of milliners' patterns— are cut , | out of gilt paper, and arc 'burnt, dissolving very , | appropriately into thin air. ? On Sunday, noti- ; I fication of what was to be done for -their 'benefit I was given by the gongs, drums, &c;, to theso rest | less . spirits; and at about : midnight, when tlioy I were supposed, to bo all present; a priest, named Oho Ah King, who lives at Haddon, connnunccd tho'religions ceremony by blessing the offsprings of the ch'aritablc. These consisted of dishes of rico, pork,. &c.; ; cooked,. -and laid in two rows near the fire previously lit. Spiritual bovcrago,: in the shape of gin, was emptied on ? the gionnd, and ? after the burning of the paper clothes,' the rico and j pork, of which the ghosts - were supposed to have' eaten,' was distributed- among the Chinese rag pickers, 'and beggars, none who could afl'ord to stand upon ceremony deigning to touch it. ;The ?lejiors fi'om the ranges 1 wore pfosent, but made thoir olferings: at a respectful distance' from - tho other Chinamen, and consumed at the closc of the ?ceremony. what they had brought themsolvss, '.Wilkinson's'. Auhtuahan ' Maoisthatr. ' — The ' Government Gazette' intimates .that a new anu reviseu euiuon oi ? wjikiiisuiju mistit-aiiuii Magistrate' has been prepared, and will be ready for issue from the Government Printing Office in Octob'or,' The new edition incorporates all tho statutes passed in the interval of ten years betweon the present time'and the date of tho last cdition.—statutes some of whioh clothe justices with new powers, and others which regulate jus tices in the discharge of: the powers tlioy already possess. In the book the - decisions of courts in this colony and in England upon'1 this 'branch of law are also printed, besides a number of addi tional decisions upon general -iiiostions of law. The index ltas boon prepared on an- improved modM, and almost, re- written. ?????The prico of tho book in iili.lh wiil be X'kJ tos, 