We enter the presence, or the presence enters to us. Metaphorically lifting our hand to ward off the too refulgent glare of £927 worth of “regalia,” we behold Grand Master Bichard. .Baker, before , the Royal, Commis; sion. He enters, and announces himself; in an epigram in. reply ,to the, accosting by the .-chairman of .the .commissioners.,. -The.report does not inform us whether ' or not he was arrayed in all his glory of “ full regalia'" ' and yet it is evident the commissioners were startled By,the apparition, of. so grand a per sonage? When' the' ghost i of ’ his father met Hamlet, pa,the ramparts, the frightened son !.was twb; ; theh appealed to Beayen, and ’ .thenVMkbd of the ghost a ques-. tion so long that any ordibary ghost'wbuld not •have stayed to? answer,-dThe royal-; commis sioners were struck,-not dumbj but sententious at the before; them,; and they |ex-. claimed, “What society do you belong to, and’ what are you in connection with it With brief speech, but with epic grandeur of con- - scions official’- witness replies, “ Grand ,Master of the Protestant Alliance.” A Bf K reHe’{)- I we I may suppose, here’ escaped from the racked,, bosoms of the com-, missioners,' and’ they all shook themselves" fdovyn tor the,, encounter with the great officer before them. They told him about Jenkins— thef-no.w iuvMbl&AenkiflST;^Jenkins, the bnce' grand r £«cretary ? .and?i^Bow’ that JenMns and documents’Bad revealed “some rather bad management,” and that “ Yon, as the head of the order, and the grand executive, have yourself wrongly administered the funds. 1 ' Really, we almost feel shocked at sucEjknguagtq applied torso grand an officer, andjkre almost impefled,tn caU'ripon angels, and minister/of grace to us from the possible pains that may follow even the repeti rtion-of -Th- commissioners, themselves seem at once to have felt their posi tion, for 'they immediately the use of soothing “wordsp ~an'd/ say—“ We'are-only -actnated by. one “desire; 'as of course you are, namely, - to'arrive at the truth,” and with these gracious: words : .they seemed, as it were,; to atone for what went so rudely, before. The grand master said he did not send-for the ex pensive; representative of .the dead New. Zea:. land lodge, and he 'to ''save 1 expense, l tostbp the other extra Victorian dehj; '^tra.from coming.' -Like Panl,Uthe grand • mari;er;/magriifie.d -The OommSsionera 'wanted' to' Knpw about Jenkins’ 4 petty cash, £35 14s 6d,”and the.“ salary to the grahd secretary for thirteen months £l7l, Snd bonus £50;” but in the laconic fulness of full yerbarregdia' the witness proudly replies “ But'ljvant to. 'of myself.” We would have liked to /.see wfiat the 1 little commissioueire looked Mce- wheri-that ."waS ’ihade ’by the'grind officer at their evasion;'oft.the".“real ;ques tibn.;-:“ The ■■• witness" I told : them .he;, had to" '“take * charge ■ of • the - society,?’ . and that.the-, great , expenses .were, ,ih 'part-.caused to i the that “ a/littge number-of people got admission to the society under ’ ’false - pretences.” ; Below the . lowest depth of .-grand executive, deeds there.-was'then wilful . fraud by members —common members.bf ..iHe order. OldpCople *pf hear sixty : went. in,'giving. their To 'heighten the fraud, .they also died,’ and. had to be buried, and thus “Idid not feel’disposed fo : pay; th f e L 'money.”- ’And quite- right/.Mr 'Wo .applaud'. your ner ve'and uprightness! asa? judged 4 The j commisaohers Said'-you misappropriated funds, ’hut'that was iohly a- choleric-acti-- In the defrauding sixty ;year:pld, ones it waS rank blasphemy. : You, at feast, -'had a '■ show ,‘bf,.official 'warrant and ;necessity, but. they, had,ho/excuse;/You were !right -to,fiesitate_about paying for. Such fraudu lent deaths. ’ ’The grand master- explains’about thelaws. : .f.He says, JenWns. and ■‘he didYf’.all, ’werexat. it - almost : -.night ; -and.'‘day for Hifee : ihoriths, work was reallyiCheap.atl the : price, for “ in .some institutions iUhasfaken i lihd £l6O/an(i £lBo,%'hile , ours’only cost £lfofor'3doP'lawa;” '' HotjlSa a day, and only £1 for firewood—“ indeed, it was Snowing'-'' at the, tiine”-^ah’d ; . the grand master, gave up his o wn bflice-r pom for the ‘.work “ rent free, and in "the might time I .found candles,” And the £l7l and £5O bonus’paid to the grand secretary were for “doing the whole of the work for a year for the district and the grand council” Really, everything is absolutely plain, j The “ petty cask” was called by the commissioners a “ heavy item/ but the grand master explained that “ when the grand secretary is supposed to be a gentle man of integrity•”-• little rdetaUsjjcquid not be controlled, and for himself, he had*to spend a good deal in answering-letters from all parts asking for help to get billets. If the money went ypbng the r graridmaster, at’any rate, was blameless, for hefvas’ bent with theourdCn bf; office, .and., theappeals of .billet hunters, and; the grand' secretary' was‘ “supposed ; to' be a I gentleman pf integrity.”....... The. two had so: much to do that it does* seeni ‘ ungracious I to be‘so’inquisitive as the. commissioners .were.; The- grand/ executor with the. historic ; name. Charlfes'. Stewart, and' the grand treasurer- Alexander Miller, left the' law' work to the grand master and secretary,: andiyet the grand: master, like his grand subaltern who vanished into the nnkriown, was. thus-put to the ques tion.,; The laws were'done, and the sOciety,- to. :quote'-.. the commissioners, V.“ rushed into regalia,” and the grand master admitted if" was wrong to apply the funds in suchra way. Here, again, the master was the victim of office. He was pestered with resolu tions’ “from every lodge, almost hurrying us up to get. regalia. ': I stalled the matter off for some time,' because, I was aware it would' cost something like £1000; and they were not in a position to pay that.” ■ But after 'a- delay of twelve 7 months the order was given to Mr Bray, of SCbastbpbl, who beat- Crawford, ’of Ballarat, and Martin, Of Melbourne.: It seems right in one sense that Sebastopol should be able' to cut out'Melbourne and Ballarat for the regalia order. The grand master says it was.at Sebastopol. that “ really the Protestant Alliance took a start and . was resuscitated,” and there,,also, it was .that the reflected glory of the'grand .'master rested in the person of the ” deputy, grand' master, Mr‘F. Ferguson. The grand Jenkins said it was at Ballarat the grand start was made, but his geographical notions were probably more confused than the grand,, master’s. . As',soon aS the regalia tenders were mentioned the commissioners wanted to see them, but the grand master had , not thought of that and did' not take them ’ with him; but promised to produce them if' he could find them. However, he said Bray’s was the I lowest, and Jenkins, Ferguson, and himself gave their “joint and' severals” for the neces-1 sary overdraft at the Commercial Rank of “ something like £730,1 think” Then, came more trouble, according to the grand master’s evidence, for though the lodges had “ hurried up” the grand officers to get the regalia, they could not be compelled to take it when it was obtained, and they would not cash up so as to save interest on the overdraft. It was inti mated that when the overdraft was got at 7 per cent, the grand trio aforementioned took £5OO or £6OO-out of the Ballarat Bank,-where it bore interest, and put it in the : Commercial Bank without interest; but: Mr Baker says there was no money in the Ballarat Bank, but that it was in the Union Bank, and that it was lodged at the Commercial as a business; return fpr the courtesy of the overdraft, and without? interest,, as/only tlie grand council could decide what was to be done with it.,_ On.. ,some of, ; these, points, how hover; the'grand-master-is- 1 flatly contradicted* | by Mr Robert Ross, one of the society’s auditors. Baker says Robert; and , Henry James Ross were the auditors, and that they gave JenkinS' his splendid character, already called “ the while they also reported that in the matter’of the overdraft for the regalia/“the; ..officers of the, grand executive, Messrs R Baker, Ferguson,' ' and’' Jenkihsj’ ‘displayed sound judgment, andeminently' merit' the hearty thanks of the ■ entire order.” But it appears that the auditors put-' something; in their report which the grand council considered ■outside province altogether.. The bIA jectiOnable part, whatever it was, 'and itrwas, probably *the most valuable portion of the whole- document! was but out. Indeed, we. find on reading further that the- excised por tions of-the repprt pointedjout. the grossly loose arid irregular way in' which things were done; and urged the necessity of , producing f receipts,and so forth.. ;The : grand- secretary declares that all the twenty-three in the grand' council were; 1 for the expunging of such un pleasant matter, albeit it/was of 'the very essence; of the function and duty, of/the audi 'fdrs tb say what was unpleasant - The’ grand' secretary., was pressed on .this''point' and he J gave^pai^culara/rif'fhe' >; mo the.. excising business, was virtuous then, 'and,- in a jgort of mild wav,-- shpcked/.at what- the grand",. council doing, hut he did a little more excising on-this lown acimurit,' burked :the 'frisolutionSj authorising the cutting down of the audit report, and printed the report in its emascu lated form as the real original article. Jenkins told the commissioners he left ont the resola tfeps from theiprinfed hisfitrte& “ for the sake dffbreyity and economy,” though the commis- renundeS himithat he had not omitted, longresolutions about himself and about the pre sentation of a collar to aMr Lewis. The auditors .objected to their*names appearing’to arinuti lated: document/, and the grand secretary—so -says-thegrandmaster—jhto.pleaspjhe auditors, and_ without anybody’s-.-authority, pasted a piece -.of paper ‘ over t the auditors’- names.- Raker'says he" considers, the. grand secretary! acted “ very foolishly.”" -We think so too, but more anon. "Mr ’Robert Ross is -at -the- door,, desinhg to be;heard. ■' 