A VERITABLE GHOST STORY. A writer in. The Week, styling himself "Quiz," thus narrates the following ghost story, which he affirms was related to him by a sincere friend, and the truth1 of which he does not for a moment doubt : — " A ghost story 1 What nonsense ! Did ydu ever know any one "frho owned to having seen a ghost ' So questioned and sneered a friend to, whom I had broached the subject of ghostly visitations. For answer, I related the following narrative, which I had received from the lips of the person who saw the ghost t — " And sure, man, it's true as true dan be about fairies and ghosts and the like. I've heard my father tell many a tale, time and again, about them things ; and didn't a man who built his house on the fairies' road have to leave it, so he did, the good people troubled him so; and for the matter of that I've seen a ghost myself put in this new country.- I'll -tell ye all about the affair.: — - The first place I lived at was with a Mrs; — — . Shure and she was a good creature. The master was well-to-do in a good situation, and she was comfortable as a woman need be, and had a large family, of little children sp.ringingup around her. I lived. with her two years and over, and then a lingering sickness took her, and she pined away, and died. For a long time we thought she would get the better of her ailments, and she had everything that heart could wish, for the master dearly loved her, and would not hear of her being likely to' die. I watched her, and waited on her, by night as well as day, for nearly fifteen months ; and then she dropped off quietly to sleep; never to wake again. The eldest child was arfine strapping girl, getting on for thirteen, managing, and handy, and womanly, and would soon be able to manage for her father ; so my poof mistress said that if I would promise to stay with Lucy till she was old enough to take charge of her little brothers and sisters, she should die content. I. did promise ;' and I did stay. After the mistress' death, things went badly with the master. Business grew dull, and his employer could not give him so. much salary, and at last was obliged to' do without him ; so he went away for some weeks, in search of fresh employ ment'. Wpen he returned he told me he had got a situation in — - ; that I was to pack up the children's clothes, and as much of the furniture as was worth removing ; and be ready to travel in a week. I did as I- was told, and at the end of the week we started for -. When we got there, the master sent the luggage on, and took the children and" myself to' a fine-looking, blue-stone house, much larger and in better re pair than I expected, for he had told me the rent beforehand. The furniture was late in arriving, the children were tired and hungry, and by the time they had eaten their supper, both cross and sleepy ; so I laid all their beds, as well as my own, on the floor in a large upper room, un dressed them, and put them to bed. I settled the master's room as well as I could ; set things in order for breakfast, and laid down by the side of the -little ones. I was not long in dropping to sleep -I promise you, for I was tired enough with the long journey and the hard work. All of a sudden, how or why I don't know, I woke up — not drowsy like, but broad awake, with all my senses about me. There were 110 blinds to the windows, because, as the room was an upper one, there was no fear of being overlooked ; the moon was shining so brightly that everything in the room could be plainly seen. The eldest girl seemed to be moaning in her sleep, and uneasy, and my attention was first drawn to her ; but 011 looking away from her towards the other beds, I caught sight of a lady standing at the open door, who was staring steadily at the child. She was a young lady, about nineteen or twenty, with a beautiful fair skin, and long golden hair stream ing down her back ; she was dressed in a white night dress or dressing gown ; her arms were bare, and white as alabaster, and her hands were pressed together as if in grief. Presently, she looked at me, and she was so natural like that- 1 thought she was a real woman, and was going to speak to her. Then she turned and went out of the room, walking so graceful and looking so angelic, that I felt a pang of sorrow at her part ing from my gaze. I turned my head in an op posite direction from that at which I beheld her standing, and there, as though I were looking in a mirror glaSs, but, in truth I was but looking at the wall, whereon was a dancing reflection, like what children term 'a Jack in the lantern.' In the very centre of this ' reflection,' I saw the same young woman. Blood trickled from the top of her exquisitely formed head, while a fine looking young man, of dark complection, curly hair, and well- trimmed moustache, held ber by the right arm, and in his right hand was stationed a small hatchet. She did not appear to attempt to resist the blow which was about to fell her to his feet, but looked on him with a smile of ser ene innocence. But at last the weapon de scended once more on that head, which possessed such a profusion of rich golden hair, and im mediately she fell at his feet. He instantly threw the hatchet down, gave one long look at the form stretched bleeding on the ground, took from a side pocket in his coat a handkerchief, inspected the corner of it, from which he read aloud ' Lilly Vonner," and then said, ' For your deceit, you are paid.' and suddenly disappeared. I got up, went to the door, and cried 1 Murder;' but the echo of my voice was the only answer I re ceived, and which appeared to mock me, and make the solitary night hideous. From that moment I was confident that there was sometli- ingin it, and something to be understood more than I was capable of doing, so I once more returned to bed, but not to sleep, for I could not take my eyes from the scene of the ' murder ;' and ere an hour had passed since I first saw the beauty,- she appeared again, her face wearing a smile which was enough to compel the dead to rise and be hold it, and her fitiger' pointing downwards. I sat up in my bed, and there she still stood. I tried to speak, but my tongue' refused to leave the roof of my mouth. My hair began to stand erect, and my whole body shook like an aspan leaf. At last,- with difficulty,- 1 rose, and en deavoured to walk backwards. I succeeded to the extent of one or two' steps, but I had the in tense mortification of perceiving that she was following also; I then stood and she stood also. I then said, in a voice very unlike my own, ' For God's sake, woman,- what have I done to you? Why do you'comC into this room in this awful mysterious manner ? If you speak, so that I may know your trouble, I will endeavour to as sist you 1' and in a voice, which should be more like- that of angCls, she breathed in tender, plain tive tones, ' Charles is my murderer!' and then vanquished. From that moment I felt and knew that I had seen a ghost. In the -morning I told my master what I had seen, and said that however much I would like to keep my promise to my dead mistress, I must leave if he stayed in that house. He saw I was i n earnest, went out and.procured another residence, and we left- in the afternoon. The same cabman that brought us, took us to our new home. ' Ah 1' said he, ' I thought you would not live there long ; no one stays in that house more than a week.' He was a stranger, and I did not like to ask questions about the house, so I never heard what people said of it ; but of this I am sure and cer tain: In that house I- saw a ghost.- 