PETTED MEN. I From the WorldA Petted men may be broadly divided into two classes — those who have been spoiled by the petting, and those who have not. Men are like wines. Some wines bear alternations of heat and cold, of damp and dry ; others ' grow poor' unless they are allowed to ripen under favourable conditions. The home- petting, which mars the energy of many men who might have* done well, is like the warmth which causes a too quick fermentation sure to be checked by-and-by when a chill follows. And petting is in these times all the more mischievous, because the chill is nowadays pretty sure to come. Before the days of women's rights the petted man could generally reckon on a continuous course of petting all through the long afternoon of married life ; no matter what happened outside, he was still a hero at home. Wives had tempers then as now ; there were shrews then as there are now ; but wives were seldom cynically shrewish, or hard and snappish on principle. The old sanctions were not yet decayed 'Women liked the mastery, but they mostly made some effort to act on Pope's advice in winning it. Their model was the lady who 'Charma by accepting, by submitting sways; And if the rules him neier shows she rules.' Then the husband had 'observance meet' from children as well as from wife. Now he is more and more the mere pay master. The boys, who used to call him 'Sir,' now have names for him from which a heathen Greek or Roman would have recoiled with horror. They are only spoken in fun, no doubt; but they work a change, and a sad one, in home relations. The daughter, who used to have papa's slippers ready against he came home, has forgotten all her little winning ways. She is sure of getting her next new dress without them — she and mamma have the reins in their own hands as far as that is concerned ; and so papa has to sliift gloomily for himself in a hundred things infinitely more im portant than finding his own slippers. As for his wife, she has probably, even during the short time when she was demonstratively affectionate, been study ing him as a phenomenon which has unpleasantly manifested itself in her life, and in spite of which she must take care to live that life in her own way. Petting, therefore, ought to be getting out of date. And yet we should be loth to lose it ; for, besides being one of the pIcasKutest things in the world, it works wonderfully well on the few whom it does not spoil. These are simply delightful, differing from folks in general in their greater capacity for kindliness. The petting has developed their good points, and has left them, so to speak, case hardened in cheerfulness. No slights can touch thorn, no petty annoyances 'put them out ;' they have had their share of suirar (for petting may be called the sugar of life), and they do not go on grumbling for more. They are able, like Horace, dUUie: ViA, and can find in what has been a compensation for what is. The more numerous class whom petting has spoiled are sadly different, being of all men most unbearable. They cannot help it, poor fellows; it is a matter of tempera ment. Mr. Ruskin says ' a good deal of the general patheticalness of modern life results merely from derangement of stomach.' And probably nearly all our peiiishness is due to indigestion; like Marley's ghost in the Cliristma* Citivl, it may be a crumb of cheese or of unassimi Intcd potato. Men have for many gene rations been doing such unsuitable work; thousands of them who, as far as health uoes, had much better be scavengers or -:tonebreakers, are engaged day after day n mechanical quill- driving in close offices, or in that still more unwholesome work of racking brains and biting nails while waiting for the 'inspiration' necessary to that other kind of quill-driving which consists in making up a magazine article -»r a newspaper review. Both these occupations — as well as measuring ribbons .tnd calicoes across a counter -are essen tially unmanly. Man is an outdoor animal, and if he lives in total opposition to his nature evil must come of it. Of course with tlu-3e who have a real genius, whether for commerce or literature, the case is different ; their flan carries them Ittyond all physical hindrances; their sacred fire burns, but consumes not, with a heat by which smaller natures would in fallibly be withered to a cinder. To such tntn it seems sometimes given to set the body at defiance ; and so Pope, a mis shapen weakling, does his work in spite of liis bi-dy. But with the common herd the body asserts itself unmistakably ; and hence your clerk or your small litterateur coo often seeks in a debauch the necessary reaction from unsuitable work, or— if he has too much conscience for that — adopts the still worse expedient of sulk ing. Of course he is to be pitied; why should he liave been set down to a desk instead of driving a farmer's cart, or pulling one of ^lie 'sweeps'' in a Thames barge, or being apprenticed to a market-gardener! Petting probably helped to fix him ' in a genteel way of life.' 'Charles is a delicate boy ; look at his hands, just like a lady's,' says mamma, forgetting that if Charles were set betimes to manly work his hand would either grow or he would disappear and make room for 'his betters.' The thing is curing itself now that girls are getting to do office work ; and not a bit too soon for the man who lives by writing, mechanical or other, having no genius that way, is, as we said, pitiable. And yet of pity — at least, when he is well on towards middle life- he gets little or none. Then he regrets, and curses the ' petting' of old days. The mother is dead, the sisters married, the children of the modern hard type. Now and then a stranger takes the work in hand, and Cor a brief space the ' pettee' is in Paradise. It never strikes him that the young lady (of course the stranger is a young lady) is only practising 5 and so one fine day the poor fellow finds himsetf suddenly ' shunted.' From his wife the petted man, struggling perhaps with dys pepsia, can seldom hope for the least allowance. There are model wives who can pity indigestion and manage spoiled husbands, who even go on spoiling them so judiciously that the result is the general well-being of the household ; but they are as rare almost as black swans. It is sad, but true, that between married people past forty there is often very little affection. Perhaps there never wa3 much, and 'therefore the blank is felt when time has killed its substitute. Then as to duty, the general upheaving of ideas has told indirectly even on the most conservative of womankind. Reb'gion used to mean trying to act up to the Catechism; it is now, for the thousands who find their solace in revivals, a selfish looking after one's own soul — as selfish in its way as the determination to be well dressed coate qui cofde. And, lastly, to care for the good of the family, so as to sacrifice to its whim, [and occasionally even com fort, a woman must have grown up in a certain position and must feel the neces sity of maintaining it. Petting, then, is in this age more than ever a mistake, because the intense hard ness which is woman's characteristic (except when she is angelic) is now by a continually increasing number getting to be cultivated on principle. Women are beginning to have a nervous fear of giving up their ' rights;' and hence that coaxing, that studying her husband's tastes and 'little ways,' and responding to his advances, which used to be a thing of course, is now often looked for in vain in a wife. It is far from being all the wife's fault. Men who have been petted are trying and exacting. A brisk, active little woman, with the instincts of a milliner, and about as much idea of economical house comfort as a girl of ten, justly complains of 'George's pettish ness.' If he's away at office all day it is not so bad; but if he does his writing at home, how can he wonder if the vials of wrath descend every now and then on his head i A wife knows nothing of the proverb, 'Alle Kiinstler sind etwas Triiger.' She simply sees a loafer who, when he has written something, perhaps does not put pen to paper again for days ; it is ' the provocationsof Madame Palis3y' en petit. And so, cultivating shrewish ness as a duty, she does her best to make the husband hopelessly ineffectual. He shrinks into himself more and more ; and not only his temper suffers, but the quality of his work. The mischief is that two beings so Hi-mated are bound ' for better for worse,' where there is little chance of betterment. We laugh at Pnissian divorces, and tell with unction the story about the whist-party made up of the man and his three successive wives; but our way of solving the matter is not perfect. How many of those obscure suicides, where we are told ' poor Mr. So-and-so had for some time been suffer ing from depression of spirits,' does it bring about ! For women are tougher, more impervious to what the Wise Man calls ' a continual dropping,' than men. 