correspondence. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir,— Mr. MoElhono's motion to abolish sales of Crown lands by auction has again brought out various expressions of opinion by hon. membors upon the auction syBtom, some of tho incon- sistencies or wntcn outsiders cannot latt to Bee. Tho Hon. T. Garnett said it would not be a good policy to confino tho sales of land to one class, as it would have the effect of setting class against class ? Does tho Ministor for Lands by this assertion moan to infer that claBS is not already Bet against class. If so, suoh is at vari ance with truth, and lot it bo known to tho world that for fifteon yoars tho war of cIobsos has boon raginginNow South Wales between the squatters and seleotors — tho former trying to annihilate the latter, tho latter defending their rights. And how have the different governments acted, by way of assuaging this war during that period ? I Without exoeption, sinco the Land Act of '61 I beoame law, each succeeding Ministry have (instead of administering tne law impartially, with a firm hand, in its integrity) shown their imbecility by placiug every weapon at their command in the hands of the Bquatters. Clauso 30 of tho Land Act of '75 is the latest and most formidable weapon so placed, and the Govern ment have rendored it still more effectual by giving the survey of lands applied for undfr this clause precedence over all other applications ; even tho survey of roads is of secondary im portance to such applications. Clauso 31 is auothor weapon for the squatter, though not so powerful a one as the last, seeing that in this instanco lie is subject to conditions of improve ment, thereby bringing his land equal in cost to that of the selector. It has often been said, by the defenders of the auction Bystem, that such system is no new thing, it being merely part of the old Act. Granted, but under the old Act an application for any portion of land by auction was next to a dead letter, the Govern ment not being bound to even acknowledge such application. Whereas, under tbo new Land Act, the Government is not only bound to acknow ledge, but give substantial consideration to all applications under ClauBe 30 within twelve months from date. The squatting section of tho House knew what they wore about when they introduced this measure into the Land Aet. The auction system (so far ns lessees applications aro concerned) is a blot on onr land lnws, and no argument yet adduced in its favour has given it (Lo the practical mind) the least semblance of fairness ; nl tho ugh Mr. Fitzpatrick, in Bpoaking to Mr. MoElhono's motion, said that the auction Bystem (in spito of its nbuses) was the fairest way of disposing of the public ostato. For all portions of land put to auction by the squatter, the competition is as fair, tho contest as equal, as n two hundrod yard foot-race would be, be tween Watson of Scouo and the Minister for Minos, both men starting from scratoh, Watson representing tho squatting section, the Minister the rest of the community. Of course, both could start; juBt so with such saleB of land, only with this difference, that outsiders, knowing thoy havo not the ghost of a ohance of making a pur chase (when opposed by tbo squatter class) they forego making therasolvos look ridiculous by not bidding. (I rather think tho Minister for Mines, in his caBo, would rathor do ditto.) So that in about 95 per cent of such sales the squatter has a walkover at upset price. And this is the vaunted fair competition 1 I remember Mi1. Fitz patrick saying, upon anothor occasion, that whilo the auction systom was injurious to the bona fide selector, it was not necessary for the squatter, but fur the rest of the community. Now, if Mr, Fitzpatrick is in earnest about this matter, let him move for returns to bo laid upon the table of the IIouso showing, firBt: tho number of portions of land sold by auction, undor clause 30, since the Amended Land Act became law ; the price realised per acre of each portion ; also, name nnd occupation of applicant in each instance, with nnrae and occupation of purchaser sot after ench applicant. Second: The number of portions sold by auction during tbo samo period, other than those applied for under clause 30 (town and suburban lots ex cepted), price realised per acre, name and ocau- patiou of purchaser iu each instance. With these facts before ub it conld then be soon what or who the auotion system is necessary for — the rest of tho community or the squatter. I am inclined to think that the production of such returns would prove too cloarly that Clause 30 answers admirably for the purpose it was in tended, namely, that of giving the squatting section of tbo community tho opportunity of ac quiring land uncouditionally, and without limit, at half- price. Mr. Gray is mado to say also (when speaking to this motion to abolish tho auction system), that ho did not see how the lands of the country could be better disposed of with a view to im provement than by allowing them to bo turned into freeholds. Does that gentleman not know that those auction purchases (mean (as a rule) next to no improvements at all. If they are not already fenced portions of Crown lands, a little fencing, bruslFor log, nt from £12 to £30 per mile, and thentbodischargoof a shepherd might follow. If suoh purchases are portions of a selector's pro-lease, then the blocking out system is continued (without improvements, unloss a ring fence probably enclosing some thousands of acres); with this the selector's portions are' onclosod, and squatters' sheep at large, until the seleetor is so hemmed in that be is glad to let his selections go with his grass right; then the whole is turned into a sheep walk, he, the seleetor, seeking a new homo in another locality, with the chanco of being again servod in a similar manner. The Amended Land Aot (irrespective of clause 30, whioh I maintain is a blot on the whole), with all its vaunted im provements, with all its more expensive machinery to work it, iB as near akin, practically, to tho Land Act of '61 as thirty shillings is to one- pound-ton. Abuses of the Act aro everywhere cropping up. According to clause 9, illegal conditional purchases are frequently being made, lyefc while clauso 9 tells us that certain selections are illegal, and clause 10 tells us that such illegal selections are misdemeanors, clause 25 says (by its conditions) that, however much anyone maybe injured by such illegal seleotions (that is, if his means and influence are alike limited), he must say nothing, but grin and bear it. In conclusion I beg to remark that, in spite of Mr. MoElhone's infirmities of temper, too muoh credit cannot be aooorded him for the stand he has made against the Land Act. Small fry though he,may be, I think the Hon. John and the Hon. Tom have found some ugly little bones in him whibh: they would fain avoid having to pick. — I remain, sir, yours obediently, SELECTOR.- P.S. — Mr. Fitzpatriok'n notion all through upon the auotion system may be likened unto a man who, having a profligate son, said unto him as follows :— "My son, tho course you are pur suing, by abusing the powors given you, will be very injurious to tho futnre intorests of your offspring, but, individually, I am losing nothing by it, rathor a gainer than otherwise,- so fire away, and make the most of it." o. 