Feeding1 the Dead, Tho Obinese held their hnlf-yoarly Feast for the Dead in tho Melbourne General Cemetery to-day, and it was attended. with the usual ceremonies which characterise this peculiar Mongolian observance. Last Son- day was -also a grand day for feasting tbo dead, but was not equal to tho present occasion, as to-day tho Ring ol an, which is the greatest clan in Mdbsnrne, perfoimtdthe kind offices to their departed dead. A large number of pigs and fowlB were killed yesterday, that thoy may to-day " feed the dead.". In inquiring into tho reason of these ob servances, it is hardly necessary to state that the Cbinesu, as a raco, nre extremely superstitious. This is the more strange, as Confucius was not by any meaus favorable to superstition. However, tho religion of Bnddhism has permeated China no extensively, that it may ho looked nnnn no nf»rmnftnfc. Dnnfnrmia hoi no- good iu theory, whilo Fo is adhered to in practice. _ Xne busincea habits of this raoo and their'supersiitions blend together very curiously, and the praotioo under noiice is a striking" inst race, They feedthe dead ttviie a year, because they imagine that the de funct nre sfiU troubled with the weaknesses of the living, nnd require food, drink and raiment, unil that if these nre not supplied, tho ghosts of the aggrieved departed will haunt them and bring them ill -luck; whereas, if the feeding is kept up, the dead will rest in their graves, satisfied with a full meal, and send tin utmost good luck to tho living who- have treat«d them so well. The characteristic selfishness of the Chinese' is thus manifested, even in their dealings with the departed. There was, o.f course, no alteration, in the ceremony to-day. Tho , roast pork and fowls were placed upon . tho graves of the deceased by tho officiating ' . Chinese, several candles burning nt the same time, The wind wns high to-day, arid tho candles flickered very much, and occasion ally went out, like the brief lives of tho dead lying benontli the sod. Tho oandles nro placed iu the grave with the beneficent purpose of lighting tho ciuad, and shewing them tho way to where tho Eood things were lying ; then fore it may be concluded that the Chinese think tho dead are very weakj ' sighted ; or perhaps th -y nro of opinion time oculists are :iot to be found in the land of spirits. CerUtvnly, even n bat might have seen' the viands to day, when the Bnn shone out brightly. The food having .been duly laid out, the officiator kneels down nt the head of tho graves, and says a . prayer, in.- language, he invites the dead to partake of the good things provided. This nices-. sary ma'te» being got over, and the dead being supposed to be engage 1 in feasting, the priest proceeds to the impor tant ceremony of providing tho shades with clothing and money. He arises from his knees, and proceeds to untie .a bundle cf tissue pnperf of various colore, which he burns, with sundry invocations and incantn-. tions, the pnpors being supposed to be cloth-., ing for tho dead of different hues. Certainly, looking 011 this operation one could not but think that the ghists_ of the papers would form n vory thin covering for the ghosts of the dead this cold, inclement weather." It would be the gauziest of tissues, nnd the dead must hare shrunk to small dimensions if ttieBO papers wouia rorm. sumcieoc covering. Another packet was opened after the cloth ing had been disposed of, and this contained slips of papor. In the centre of each slip were pasted pieces of gold and silver paper, 'which is supposed, by a pleasant fiction;, to represent gold . and |iyer currency for .the dead in the Land of Shadows. It oriuld at all events be called " flimsy." The whole of the papers having been burnt with the customary hocus pocus, crackers were at once brought into requisition and lot eff, startling the echoes of the City of the Silent, and shocking the few heart-broken mourners who were lamenting their dead in distant parts of the cemetery. These crackers were exploded to inform the dead that . the ceremony was " ailee same over," as aa intelligent John informed ns; in other words, that, haviug gorged themselves with viands, elothed themselves in tissue, and put ; money in both pockets, they might return to ', their dark abodes, only to emerge from -J thence next half year, or when it was neces sary they shoaid look after their generons feeder's interest, by whispering into his eat the right way to mark a lottery ticket or tho like. Tho Chinese distributed somo hospitality amongst those who wero present. In former times it was the custom to leave the edibles on tho graves, but it was soon found that, the larrikins discovered and devoured them..' The Chinese now take a more reasonable ( course; the moment tho ceremony is over they pack np every 'thing, and the viands are taken home, and divided equally amongBt the subscribers. 