THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS. The Davenport Brothers made their first public appearance in Melbourne at the Town-hall on Saturday, September 2, in their entertainment of the mysterious cabinet and the dark seance. The hall was well filled soon after the doors were opened, and the performance was evidently waited for with a good deal of interest. Other equally successful exhibitions of the skill of the brothers were given within the subsequent week. The following account of one of these was supplied to The Argus by "A Vagabond": — Nearly all the reserved seats were taken, and the body of the hall was crowded. The galleries, however, were nearly empty. Ministers and priests of many creeds were present, anxious to see the powers of darkness ; and several noted politicians were also on hand, attracted by the celebrated cabinet trick. They would have no objection to be in one, and would not care how long they kept their seats therein. The first trick which I saw was performed by selling some "reserved" seats twice over— highly successful, and satisfactory to those of the one part, but not so much so to those of the other. Professor Fay, who, I believe, is connected with Miss Eva Fay, a noted professional medium in the States, made his customary opening speech, asking for a committee of two gentlemen to be appointed to tie the brothers. He speaks to me like a man from the Middle States, with an unedu cated pronunciation and a slight accent as if reared by a negro "mammy." The first nomination was Mr. Frank Weston, it being considered, I presume, that as a maker of "Wizard Oil," he would be acquainted with conjurors' tricks. There were loud calls for Mr. Lyster, but he would not respond. Then "Service" was the cry— a very good choice, as this gentleman must be well versed in Cabinet jugglings. Mr. Weston first assured us that there was no one in tbe cabinet, which we could all see for ourselves, and Mr. Service said that it was a mere shell, and that any one could see through the chinks between the panels. This must be a great advantage to those inside, as even when the gas is turned low, every movement of the "'committee" must be visible to them. Messrs. Weston and Service made a searching inspection of the cabinet, the former gentleman mounting on tbe top, and being loudly cheered. Every one, by this time, ought, I think, to be satisfied that the cabinet itself has nothing to do with the "'manifestations." There was a good deal of conversation amongst the audience, and rash speculations as to "how it was done," whilst this preliminary business was going on. The "third arm"' theory had many supporters ; but perhaps was outbalanced by the spiritualistic. An idea that one of the brothers had a sheath round one of his arms, which enabled him to work it out of its fastenings, had an amount of rationality. Short sash lines having been handed to the committee, the brothers took their seats in tbe cabinet. The process of securing them took some time, which Professor Fay utilised in again assuring tbe audience that there was no deception, and rather unkindly exposed Dr. Silvester's modus operandi in having bolts in his cabinet which would screw out. The brothers watched the motions of their operators keenly. The work, I believe, was done fairly and well by both. Then Messrs. Service and Weston made speeches, announcicg that they had bound the brothers hard and fast. Then the door on the left hand side of the cabinet was closed by Professor Fay, which was always first done throughout the evening ; the middle door then closed, and afterwards tbe right hand door. Opening them the proceeding was reversed, and as Professor Fay is leisurely in his actions, one brother has more than half a minute extra to tie or untie himself. This is the boy who does all the work, as Heenan said of his left hand. Mr. Service was requested to bolt the right-hand door, and whilst doing so, the centre door being partly closed and filled up by his body, he started back, saying he felt a hand on his head. Again he essayed his task, and again visibly a black-sleeved arm came from the left-hand corner, and this time fairly bonnetted him. The lights had been turned down during this performance. Mr. Weston was now set to close the door, and a hat which had been placed on one of tbe brothers was transferred to his head from the same left-hand corner. Mr. Service testified that he dis tinctly saw the arm come from the shoulder of one of the brothers, and yet when examined both he and Mr. Weston affirmed they were apparently as when tied by them. This from its rapidity was one of the best tricks of the evening. I do not suppose it was intended that either Mr. Service or any of the audience should see the black- sleeved arm. The general idea is, that a bystander receives blows from an invisible source, and when the spirit arm shows itself, it is not clothed in broadcloth ; but to me the trick was only more extraordinary from the rapid manner in which the brother who does the work released his hand from bondage. After this the brothers were locked in the cabinet, and then commenced the usual noise of kicking, of musical instruments, rattling of tambourines, and the tomfoolery generally indulged in by spirits and their mediums. The shape of a hand appeared at the hole, and twice what bore the semblance of a naked hand and arm. Many times throughout the evening the hand showed itself, but never when either of the committee were close to the hole. I have before intimated that from inside it would be easy to see the shadows of the bystanders. The light was turned down low during all this time, and the naked arm and hand could not be very plainly distinguished. I don't think, however, that it belonged to either of the Daven ports ; to me it seemed a dummy, remarkably like what one sees in glove- makers' windows, a ' property ' which might be easily concealed about the person of one of the brothers. Next came the untying process, gas turned off low again, orchestra playing ghost music, and the spirits playing the deuce kicking the tambourines about inside. Nearly three minutes from the time the doors were closed the brothers stepped out unbound. Dr. Girdlestone then examined them, and assured the audience that there was no third arm, nor any perceptible lusus naturae to account for the wonder. But I expect there is something under those black coats. Anyway, the fact of untying themselves in three minutes does not, to my mind, require a third arm. Hundreds do that trick — the Davenports much better than the rest. Again they entered the cabinet, and in a little more than two minutes the centre door was thrown open, and tambourines hurled out, as always from one side, and after- wards the brothers were found bound, tighter, said the committee, than before, one of them appearing greatly distressed, and both as if having undergone great exertion. Mr. Service remarked their condition, but Professor Fay had an answer pat, "Folks won't freeze shut up in that cabinet half an hour." Then Mr. Service took his seat "amid loud cheers," his hands tied to tbe brothers as usual, and musical instruments heaped on his lap. Tbe door was closed, and the customary row ensued, and afterwards Mr. Service was found released. He said he felt "something like a beetle crawling over his face." Mr. Weston was tied in like manner. This part of the performance ended with the brothers' hands being filled with flour. In three and a half minutes' time they stepped out free, the flour still in their hands. This is clever, but one handful of flour could be easily disposed of, and with one hand f ree either of the brothers could free the other. During the interval, Mr. Cohen joined tbe committee and others examining tbe cabinet. A Scotchman, a Yankee, and a Jew are not often deceived, but the Davenports were too much for these. After the recess, Professor Fay came to the front and said — what I am afraid was a cram — that "the effects could not be produced in light." The gas was turned off, and in a few minutes Professor Fay and one of tbe Davenports were found tied to their chairs and to the table, the other brother being held by Mr. Weston. During all this "dark seance" the tambourines and banjos placed on the table were flying about the stage, and in the scene where tbe guitars are marked with phosphorous oil the effect was very pretty. A little flour had been scattered around to track any confederate, and once the brother who was bound was discovered with several spots of flour on his black trousers, supposed to have been spilt by the spirits. He seemed rather concerned when attention was drawn to this, and the marks of exertion which he bore, whilst Professor Fay seemed quite cool, made the incident significant. The most wonderful part of tbe whole entertainment was the manner in which Professor Fay first removed his waistcoat, then his coat, and afterwards put on the coat of Dr. Girdlestone, which was placed on the table by his side, after each performance being found, as certified by Dr. Girdlestone and Mr. Weston, tightly bound in his chair. The professor gave all orders, and when he called for "light," and his coat was seen flying from his direction whilst he apparently was firmly tied in his chair, the applause was enthusiastic, and was certainly well deserved. Afterwards Dr. Girdlestone's coat was placed in his hands as he stood holding Mr. Davenport some distance from where Professor Fay was bound. This was wonderfully done, and altogether the dark seance is more mysterious than the cabinet tricks. The latter have had many imitators, the former none, I believe, as regards public exhibitions. The performance concluded with Professor Fay and Mr. Davenport untying themselves, a simple thing after what had gone before. All throughout the professor and tbe brothers were masters of the situation, and completely nonplussed the committee. 