THE UNITED STATES. ITrom our own Correspondent. J New York, September 6. Fifteen or twenty years ago the Ameri can in London was frequently amused by the surprise with which, the average Englishman of the shopkeeping class would learn for the first time that an American was not necessarily red, and that he could exist separate and apart from a tomahawk and warpaint. Now we have not been in the habit of con founding the Australian colonist with the black wielders of the boomerang, hut nevertheless it has been universally re marked as a rather surprising cir cumstance that the members of the Australian rifle team are so very English in their appearance. Inasmuch as we have developed in the course of two centuries a distinctively American type of face, we had assumed that the Aus tralians had done likewise, forgetting the comparative youthfulness of Australian colonization. Captain Smith is probably told three or four times a day he looks precisely like an Englishman, but his informants have not yet suggested how a man ought to look who wishes his face to testify to his Australian nativity. The New South Wales division of the rifle teams reached here on the 11th of August by way of San Francisco, the Victorians arriving 13 days later from England. All the men were somewhat demoralized by fatigue, and until within a week only two were really in good shooting condition. They have practised diligently at the Creedmoor range, and their scores have steadily improved. They have made themselves very popular among our rifleman, and express them selves delighted with the reception which they have met. On Friday last both the Australian and the Scottish teams were practising at the same time. The scores were as follows: ADSTHAIiXAH SCOBE. Yards-800 800 1,000 TtL Major J. T. Sleep ... 71 61 61 193 J. J. Slade 69 63 59 191 Captain J. 8. Lynch ... 63 ?4 63 190 Captain J. M. Smith ... 70 60 60 190 lieutenant T. T. Draper 66 61 62 189 C&ptain; A.. M. Greenfield 65 61 61 187 Lieut. J. H. Maddocks 65 61 60 186 D. Gee 68 63 .15 186 Captain H. J. Kintr ... 66 58 58 182 Captain B. J. W&rdill; ... 59 57 61 177 1,571 The Scotchmen made the following score: Yards-800 900 1,000 Ttl. M. Boyd 67 71 68 201 T. White'aw ... ... 67 64 65 196 Dr. Mitchell 66 65 61 192 Captain W. Thorbum... 66 67 53 166 R Lube 65 58 62 185 Lieutenant A.. Menzies... 63 65 57 185 W. Clark 64 65 56 185 R. McVittie 59 63 59 181 K. Paton 65 57 60 172 P. Rae 64 56 52 172 D. Fraser 70 55 40 166 2^021 It will be noticed that 11 Scotchmen were shooting. Their total score was higher than that of the ten Australians; but individually the latter averaged 187 "1, while their opponents 183*7- The Scotch men, however, had just landed, and were firing for the first time at the Creedmoor range. Hitherto the Australians have not made quite as good shooting as the American team; but the difference is slight, and your men are pulling up every day. Captain Smith told me the other day that he is more than ever convinced of the superiority of the muzzle-loader over the breech-loader. The latter is universally used by our riflemen, and hence the coming intercolonial match will be in a measure a test of- the relative efficiency of the two weapons. The international rowing matches on the Schuylkill River, at Philadelphia, have just ended with the curious result that the victory has fallen to the share of one of the poorest crews. The London Row ing Club, the Dublin University crew, and a crew from First Trinity, Cambridge, took part in the regatta, and were re garded as among the most formidable of all the competitors. The river is so narrow that but three crews can row abreast, and hence the plan of rowing in heats was adopted. The winners of each heat being subsequently pitted together. Thus it happened that the last race was between the London crew, which was exhausted by two previous hard-rowed races, and the Beaverwyck crew of Albany, which had beaten an- exceptionally poor crew a few days ago, and was as fresh, as ever. The third competitor was of no conse quence, and was beaten from the start. The Beaverwycks won the race in 9 minutes and 3 seconds, being one second in advance of the London men. The latter had, however, already rowed over the course in 8'51i, and in five other races the time of the winners had been less than that of the Beaverwycks. Naturally there is much dissatisfaction among rowing men ; over the result. The London crew was concededly superior to every other, with the possible exception of Yale, and the men think it rather hard that they should be at the last officially proclaimed inferior to a confessedly poor crew. The Dublin crew was beaten by an American crew on the first day of the regatta, and hence had no opportunity for a second trial. The Cambridge men rowed once in the Inter national Match and once in a Collegiate race with Yale and Columbia College as their competitors. In each case one of their men, who was too ill to enter a boat, broke down at his oar, and the real capa bilities of the crew were not tested. In addition to other errors of management, the International Matches were rowed over a course of only a mile and a half in length. This alone was enough to pre vent any exhibition of staying qualities. Training counts for very little in a brief eight or nine minute dash. The Centennial Exhibition has been somewhat benefited by the rowing 'matches, and also by the cool weather. The attendance has greatly increased, and on Saturday last-the half-price day nearly 100,000 visitors were present. Congress adjourned on the 15th of August. With the exception of cutting down the Government appropriations, which was the work of the Democrat majority in the House of Representatives, Congress accomplished next to nothing. Happily it failed to carry out the plans of the repudiators by making silver a legal tender. When the Government issued bonds during the early part of the Civil War both gold and Bilver dollars were j regularly coined and recognised as currency. Later Congress passed a law 'abolishing the silver dollar and mairing gold the only standard. ?. Silver is now worth5per cent, Iessthan gold, butthe class of men who wish to defraud their credi tors legally that Congress shonld remonetize silver, and that the Federal bonds, which by their terms axe payable in coin, can then be paid in silver, and a saving of 5 per cent, be thus effected. Even a few honest men who labour under the delusion that whatever th<* Government may choose to call a dollar is, . ipso facto a dollar, gave their support to this, scoundrelly scheme; while two United States Senators, who own immense silver mines in Nevada, advocated the plan for the simple reason that it promised to give them a new market for their bullion. At one time there were nearly half a dozen Silver Bills before Congress, eachprbposing essentially the same object; none, however, suc ceeded in passing both Houses, and for the present the danger is over. Of course if the Government has the right to coin silver dollars in order to pay creditors who are now entitled to be paid in gold, it has the right to coin iron or lead, dollars, and save much more than 5 pgr cent. The silver scheme meant simply re pudiation to the extent of the difference in intrinsic value between the old silver dollar and the present gold dollar. And yet there were honest men who failed to perceive its villanous character. In the matter of retrenchment Congress accom plished much good and some incidental mischief. It cut down the Appropriation Bills to the extent, in round numbers, of $55,000,000 less than the Government Estimates, and of $30,000,000 less than the appropriation of last year. Whil*; this is something upon which the tax payers can congratulate themselves, it could have been wished that more wisdom had been shown in discriminating be tween necessary and unnecessary expenses. While the reduction made in the Esti mates for the support of Foreign Ministers and Consuls was in the main wise and proper, the Naval Estimates were cut down to an extent which must seriously injure the service. The Secretary of th» Navy has just been forced to put scores of deserving officers on furlough-during which they receive only half-pay-because there is not enough money to pay them. in full. This is causing real distress to officers who find their pay suddenly reduced to eight or nine hundred dollars, and will compel a vast number of resig nations which we cannot afford to accept if we intend to keep up a decent navy. The Treasury Department has also been forced to discharge hundreds of clerks and to increase the working hours of the remainder. What the 500 clerks who | were lately discharged in a single day will find to do remains to be seen. Just at present there are more men out of employment than ever, and the distress - among the labouring classes is very great. - Strikes only add to distress, since they are uniformly unsuccessful. A strike among the brakemen of an Indiana Rail way last month assumed almost the proportions of an insurrection. xne strikers assembled at the town of Yin cennes, on the line of the roa», and stopped every freight train that reached the town. For some days they successfully defied the authorities, and it was not until the militia were ready to march upon them: that they yielded. J As a result of the small demand for j labour here we have the unaccustomed . spectacle of the emigration of workmen ! to Europe. On the 24th of August, 150 ! stonemasons left New York for Scotland, ! and during the present month 150 more ' will follow their example. These men are ? ! hired by Messrs. John Coghill & Sons, oE : Greenock for wages which a few years 1 ago any American workman would have thought below contempt. There is no ? doubt that at present the relative value : of skilled labour is higher in England , than it is with us, and the wisest thing ' many of our unemployed workmen could : do would be to return to the old country. The proverb that mentions the advan i tages to honest men of quarrels among ; thieves is popularly supposed to have been j recently illustrated by the breaking up of I the great coal combination. The anthra ! cite coal-fields of Pennsylvania, which, i supply nearly all the coal used in the i Atlantic States, are owned by half a dozen Railroad Companies. These Companies have for years fixed their price of coal at their own pleasure. Not only have they thus robbed the consumers, but they have cruelly oppressed the miners. It was their custom to avoid mining more coal than they could readily find a market for at artificial prices. Hence, whenever they had a large quantity on hand, they would suddenly reduce the miners' wages ; the miners would engage in a prolonged strike, and the Companies would inform the public that owing to the strike of the inconsiderate and wicked miners the price of coal could not possibly be reduced. About a fortnight since the monopolists quarrelled among themselves, and their combination fell to pieces. The leading Company promptly sold four hundred thousand tons of coal at auction in this city, by way of showing its former accom plices the folly of this course. This has caused.a fall of' about a dollar per ton in the price of coal, though the market is yet in too unsettled a condition to mak* it possible to ascertain precisely what the price is from day to day. However, coal will undoubtedly be decidedly cheaper for some months to come. Ultimately the monopolists will make up their quarrel, and unite in the profitable work of I fleecing consumers and starving miners. Those miners, most of whom are Irish men, are an extremely ignorant and brutal class. For many years they have been banded together in a secret Society called ''The Molly Maguires," which from being originally a Mutual Benevolent Society finally became an organized band of assassins. No miner's life was safe who ventured to work when the " Molly Maguires" decreed a strike, and the number of assassinations annually committed by order of the " Molly Maguire" chiefs was appalling. Not long since a detective disguised himself as a miner, joined the "Molly Maguires," and wormed himself completely into their confidence. Upon his information the leading assassins were arrested, and though the trials are n&t; yet all finished eight of the murderers have been con victed and sentenced to death. The detective's evidence was corroborated by that of several of the "Molly Maguires," who voluntarily became witnesses for the prosecution. The worst feature of the whole case is the alleged support given to this murderous Society by politicians. The convicted men openly boast that the* Republican Governor of Pennsylvania dare not hang them, and that the Re publican politicians of the State are theif secret allies. This will need other ^testi mony before it is believed, but it is not improbable that the "Molly Maguires" have been courted by politicians of both parties. Spiritualism lias lately received a severe blow. During the past three years the exhibition of so-called " materialized spirits" has been the most popular phase of the imposture. The "materializing medium" sits apparently securely bound in a pmyH cabinet, from which a ghostly figure, purporting to be a real ep>nt» occasionally emeiges. This alleged SPT* walks up and down the platform m the dim irreligious light of the sSaticc room, ":bows to;persona who:fancy they recognise it, and finally retnrns again to tlie cabinet The other, day a bold sceptic who was attending a -stance in Rochester, in this State, leaped on the stage andcaught a finefat ghostinhis arms. Unfortunately he was promptly-knocked down by the hus band of the medium,, and the ghost escaped into the cabinet. Nevertheless the sceptic insisted that the 'ghost was .a parti \- cularly-substantial woman of aboutthe same .apparent size and weight as the medium herself. A few days afterwards two sceptical physicians of Portland, Maine, .caughta.ghostand proved to the audience that their captive .was the medium in a white nightgown and a terrible fright, iln this case, the medium also had a husband; but instead of showing fight, that person came forward, when he saw the game was up, and protested that he had nothing whatever tfco do with his wife's im posture. They axe a curious set, those married mediums. Poor Donaldson, the drowned aeronaut, whohad been a .spiritual -medium in his-earlier days, and who con fessed that the whole thing was an im posture, told me that he once knew a pro fessional ghost-raiser who was accustomed to -exhibit his wife in a nude condition, and Anointed with a phosphorescent com position, to audiences who firmly be lieved her to be a celestial being. The great suspension-bridge that is to -connect New York and Brooklyn is slowly approaching completion. The piers and -anchorages are tnearly finished, and four wires designed to support a temporary hridge for the use .of the workmen have just been stretched across. It is hoped that within a year more the bridge will be ready for use, but as the work upon it has already been stopped several times for lack of money, further delays of that kind are quite probable. A new industry has been invented by an ingenious fellow named Adams. It con sists in tearing up a railway track in ad vance of an express train, and in subse quently flagging the train and thus earn ing the thanks and dollars of grateful pajssengers and the next vacancy among the servants of the Railway Company. Adams tried this on the line of the New York Central Railroad, but his conduct created suspicion, and he was arrested on a charge of attempted train-wrecking. He then confessed that he had torn up the track for the purpose just mentioned, and also that he had done the same thing on two previous occasions on the Lake Shore Railroad. Both his former en terprises, however, had miscarried, for although he had in each case made sure preparations for wrecking the train, he had been unable to give his intended warning in time. The trains were consequently wrecked-a man or two being killed or mutilated-and he could not make =uiy claim for gratitude upon the pas sengers. As he is plainly guilty of murder he will doubtless retire from the practice of his new profession, and accept from the State the present of a small, hempen rope. The late Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Michael Kerr, of Indiana, died on the 19th of August. Mr. Kerr was a man of the strictest integrity, and he was elected Speaker at the beginning of the session, when the Democratic majority still professed to advocate a speedy return to specie pay ments. He was the uncompromising foe of repudiation in every shape, and it was not until after illness compelled liis retire ment from the Speakership that the House fell into the hands of the silver-coin tricksters. Now that he is dead the Re publican papers speak eloquently of his stainless character. When he was living, however, they made a vigorous though unsuccessful attempt to charge him with having sold his influence to secure an army [commisssion for some ambitious young man. The political campaign has consisted, so far, almost exclusively of "charges." The Republicans charge Governor Tilden with a list of crimes, including swindling, robbery, and perjury, which is rather longer and blacker than any indictment ever yet found in any criminal court. It is certainly rather odd that so' depraved and miscellaneous a desperado should have borne a high character for more than sixty years, and have actually hoodwinked Republican newspapers into praising him-when not a candidate for office-as a patriotic and virtuous citizen. On the other hand the Democrats affect to despise this method of warfare, and abstain from charging Governor Hayes with anything worse than general imbecility. They are careful, however, to point out that he is the mere tool of the Republican leaders, all of whom are criminals of the deepest dye. How many votes are gained by this lavish and reckless lying it is of course impossible to say. It is my personal belief that the attempt to convice people that Governor Tilden is a thief and a perjurer is so monstrous that it must have the effect of repelling decent men from the Republican side, and creating a positive sympathy for the object of so much mendacity. Tilden is a shrewd politician, and is probably justly entitled to be called "a tricky man." That anybody can Beriously believe him guilty of felony seems, however, utterly incredible. Nevertheless, your thorough going partisan has an immense capacity for believing evil of his opponents, and if either Tilden or Hayes were to be charged with cannibalism, soiirsbody would be found to believe and echo the charge. The probable result of the election is in as much doubt as ever. Both parties, of course, express perfect confidence in the result, but it would be rash to bet heavily on either side. The Republicans, however, have just gained one important move in the game. Last July certain negroes were killed in a riot in South Carolina, and the Republicans claimed that they were massacred by white Democrats. So far as can be impartially judged the afiair was probably a massacre, and as the whites in the South are nearly all Democrats, the assailants were probably of that political faith. However this may be, the " Hamburg massacre" was a con venient tool for use against the Demo crats, and it was accordingly vigorously used. To effect this, a Democratic mem ber of the House of Representatives presented a resolution denouncing all attempts* on the part of lawless men to interfere with the political rights of negroes. The resolution was of course adopted, and the Democrats felt that they had cleared their skirts of the Hamburg massacre. No sooner had Congress ad journed than the Secretary of War issued an order reciting the resolution of the House, and directing the General-in-Chief of the Army to send all available troops into the Southern States to execute the will of the House by protecting the negroes. This is regarded by the Re publicans as a good joke on the Democrats, and as a " smart" political measure. It is felt by thoughtful patriots j that it is rather unbecoming for the j Secretary of War of a great nation to play j a practical joke which partakes of the I gravity of civil war. It is also somewhat contrary to the theory of free government . for a Republican Administration to use j troops to secure Republican votes. With j the exception of South Carolina, every ; Southern State is sure to vote for Tilden, provided a free electioti is held. It is j impossible to avoid believing that there is : some foundation for the charge so freely made by the Democrats that the army is to be sent into the South to assist the Republican party, and that the ostensible reason for the Secretary's order is merely a-pretext. There is no evidence that the negroes are at present in any danger from the white Democrats, and nothing but unimpeachable evidence to that effect could justify the Secretary's action. In spite of the confident assertion of the Republicans that the inevitable result of Tilden's election would be the assump tion by Congress of the debt of the late Confederate States, gold does not rise. On the contrary it is now at a premium of only 9£, which is lower than it was before the political campaign opened- ! As to the assumption of the Confederate debt, an amendment of the Constitution strictly prohibits it, and if the Democrats controlled the next Congress and Ac?mi- | nistration they could no more assume the debt than they could repudiate the law of gravitation. The amendment in question 'cannot be repealed without a vote of three-fourths of the States. No such vote could possibly be obtained, and every man who has ever read the Constitution knows that a Congress con sisting exclusively of ex - Confederate Colonels could not alter its provisions. Nevertheless, there are men who will probably vote the Republican ticket with a view to preventing the assumption of the Confederate debt. It is needless to I say that these are the same men who believe that Governor Tilden robbed railroads in his cradle. and lisped perjury as soon as he learned to talk. The weather is cooler than it was in July and August, when 85° in the shade was considered exceptionally cooL Still, it is quite hot enough, and there is plenty of time for an epidemic disease before cold weather. There has been one case of yellow fever* in this city and one in Brooklyn. In both cases the patient con tracted the disease on board a vessel coming from a West Indian port, where the fever rages. The New York patient died several weeks ago. and there is an ! end of all fear that others might have contracted the disease from him. The Brooklyn patient has just been buried, | and the public is not yet quite out of danger. Commodore Vanderbilt is still alive, though slowly sinking. His tenacity of life has astonished the public and dis mayed his physicians, who are convinced that a proper respect for their opinion would have led him to die a month ago. There is no news from Canada, except that Lord Dufferin is travelling through British Columbia from the Atlantic to the Pacific shooting buffaloes and re ceiving loyal compliments from backwood settlers. He is very popular on both sides of the line, and if he is half as good a Governor-General as he is a yachtsman, he deserves his popularity. Speaking of yachting, the Canadian yacht Countess of Dufferin-which visited our harbour in search of the famous cup won by the America at Cowes-was beaten by the American yacht Madeline, but proved herself a fast and plucky antagonist. The campaign against the hostile Sioux i is virtually ended. After the Custer i massacre a large force of troops was } assembled and marched into the Indian country to exterminate the Sioux. I | The savages, however, churlishly declined | to be exterminated, and persisted in keeping out of the range of the army rifles. After a long and unsuccessful chase after an invisible foe the army is now to postpone the work of extermination until next spring, unless in the meantime the Indians listen to the voice of conscience, and voluntarily offer them selves for extermination. Just as I am closing it is announced that our Australian guests have finally selected the eight riflemen who are to i shoot in the International Match. Messrs. j Wardill ;and Maddocks are the two who ' are deprived of this pleasure, their scores I being slightly inferior to those of their j companions. Yesterday Captain Smith made 20J" out of a possible 225, shooting j at 800, 900, and 1,000 yards. I 