THERE were three points in Mr BELCHER'S" speech in the Alfred Hall yesterday after noon which cannot he passed over without a few comments. -Mr Belches gravely informed his audience that the electors are called upon to decide -between stone- wallism and constitutionalism ; that the'appearanoe of Mr ZEAL in the field is an insult to this constituency, -because - he possesses no pro perty in "ffie province, and that he (Mr Belches) is veiy badly .used "by having to contend againBt opposition at this junc ture. Now there is no accounting. '.for people's opinions, so that we shall a&ept; these deliverances on the part of Mr Belches as really representing his own convictions ; but how he can have brought himself to believe in such delusions, staggers all reasonable comprehension. The first remark is disposed of < by the fact that Mr Zeal ib not a stone-waller.. On the con- tguj, he hasjepeatajly expressed his objec tion to the stone-wall, and stated, both pub licly mid privately, that the conduct of the Opposibon last session in this particular was a grave, mistake." It, is simply, -therefore, -a mean device of the enemy, or a complete imsmiprehehfflon of circhmstanoes, to raise the iasne, stone-wall ism versus - coqetitu- tionalism, in tins contest, since Mr zfial is no more of a store? waller than MtBelcheil- It is ceitmnly tine that the Liberal party, which sympathised with the stone-wall, support Mr zeal ; but tins support is given to Mm , irrespective altogether of the pro ceedings of last session. It is given to him because the Liberal party- believe Mr to be more liberal in bis convictions diaii Mr Belcheb, and because they think he is the most fitting of the two candidates . to represent thin . province. And it would require a peculiar sort of vision indeed to find anything in Mr Belcheb'S short parliamentary career to - disturb this : conviction, or to convince any impartial mmd that the Liberal party, have erred, to the most inappreciable extent, when arriving at this determination. The second remark made by Mr Belcheb yesterday afternoon can be dispcffied of after quite as conclusive afashion. The " party opposed to Mr Belcheb could find no resident of the province . duly qualified to oppose his return, .after the withdrawal of MrJ sponehan. Accordingly they invited Mr| zeal to enter the liBta, and he only did! so at the reqneBt of a large number of the electors. He did not force himself upon the constatuenqy — he had no hand or part in any " knock-out" to secure a comfortable seat:; or a wat of perpetual tenure in the Legis-' lative Council. He simply yielded to the request of a number of iiferentifffdectors of the province; and feepublfe haveyet to learn that a resident of the felony, poSpess- ing property, mid as much interested to the doings of Parliament as Mr BELCHEEftis no right to'try for a seal in the Council, because he does not "reside infhepro vince for which he seeks to be elected, or because happens to five in . the metropolis instead of in Ballarator Geelong. Why, if Mr belcheb's doctrine/ werecito be accepted as strictly in accord with the fitness of things, Sir Chables Gavan DoFfy has no right to, represent North Gippsland, Mr" Higin-, botham committed an outrage on all the proprieties by representing East Bourke Boroughs, and the .conduct, of Mr sebyice, in representing Mtddon,is a piece of depravity of the most unbearable and shocking de scription. The real truth of the matter is that it- signifies little twkpre a candidate comes from, so long as he shows a special fitness for the position he is elected to' fill, audit must, be far wiser to elect an able man, though he may reside a hundred miles away from- the province or district to be represented, than to pot up with an inferior representative simply because he happens to reside on the spot. Mr Zeal peculiarly meets the conditions, involved ' in "the present contest, and nothing further than this is required to justify his appear ance on the scene, or Jto urge the electors of this province to place him at the head of the poll nest Monday afternoon. To say that a constituency is - insulted, as Mr Belcheb said, yesterday, because a candi date resides outside the province, is certainly the most ridiculous statement an opposing candidate could make, and also the "weakest device that conld be hit upon to obtain the rejection of Mr ZEAL. It is this, because it is equivalent to saying that 'local mediocrity is better /than outside intelli gence, and that every man who seeks to enter Parliament most do so for the dis trict in which he -resides, or stay out in: the cold for the - whole course of his natural existence. Tim third remark made by Mr BELCHER yesterday will not bear a moment's examination. Opposition has not been so much forced upon him, as he has- brought opposition 'upon himself. His conduct at the Geelong meeting 'was far and away the most partial and outrageous display that a meeting in this country ever perhaps . witnessed. As we said on Tuesday morning, so. we say now. The doty of a chairman is purely mechanical, not critical ; -and the. meanest intelligence has only to reflect for a moment upon the absurdities, that might be com mitted at such gatherings, if the chairmen were to bias the resolutions, so to speak, according to their own whims or convic tions, to see at once the blunder committed by Air belcheb, and the dflemmain winch those persons involve themselves who de fend his extraordinary conduct. Imagine the Presidentof the legislative Council when presenting a bill to the Governor to sign, in forming his Excellency "that the House was not unanimous, or refused the Opposition a fair hearing, when passing the bill, or the mayor of a town,, or the president of a shire, having a similar .report inserted- in the minute book of the council ewer which he presided, and the absurdity of supposing a chairman of a public meeting should act die part of a critic, or qualify by bis own re marks, what had;.oamrred, cur what had been agreed to, will be seen in a moment. Why po proceeding could be more ridico- louB, -or- hazardous, -if for no -other reason than because it would strike a blow at that strict impartiality of die. char which is one- of the distinguishing characteristics of all public meetings held on English -ebfl, and because 5t wbtid feteitiuUy bring the chairman/into hot water with one side or the" other of every public meeting held. But it was not alone .. this .ontrageous pro ceeding on .the part of Mr Belcheb that brought Mr ZEAL into thel field. Added to it was Mr Belcheb'E extraordinary con duct-in the Council when Major; SJJTTir'e bill -was before that House. Either the words inserted were required by Geelong, or -they were not. If they were required — if they would be beneficial to Geelong— no matter to how' .small or large an extent, then they should have remained in the -bill.- On the other hand, if it did not' strike1 Mr Belcheb those- words were required, then he should have taken up a neutral position, and deferred to the qpinion of the Geelong representatives in the other Chamber, and to the views .of the great body of: members by whom the interpolation was encouraged and _ affirmed. But, it so happens 'that the words were required, because, as the Geelong Advertiser puts it, though the Geelong Corporation- has the power to purchase or erect gasworks, they have no. power tp impose . a lighting rate ; so that the power- to erect or buy is, for all practical purposes, perfectly useless. Mr belcheb .carefully- avoided this cardinal .point at the meeting yesterday afternoon, though the whole gist of bis conduct lies in this fact; " and we leave .the "elec- tqrsr to , put their own interpretation upon his' conduct in this matter, and also rnpon the "reason why he was so reti cent over this part of it. when brought face to face with -this portion of the con stituency. Now the above observations completely dispose of. Mr Belcheb'S three principal remarks at the Alfred Hall meeting yesterday afternoon, because they show, firstly, thatno charge of stone-wallism will lie against Mr Zeal ; secondly, that no insult is' inflicted upon the provinoe by Mr ZeaL'g candidature, and.. thirdly, that opposition to Mr Belcheb is perfectly- justified at tins juncture. -. Mr : Belcheb;. has, in short, " been wmghedin the balance and found wanting,' and the sooner,' therefore, he is relegated to private lifetthecbetter itwill be fbraris ownreputatioo,iand for the interests of this province. ' " -.v THE Manchester JJnity of Oddfellows feave just been holding iheir pnaal movable committee in England;- ThiHyekrthe locality selected for-the gathering-was the pleasant town of Byde in the Isle of Wight, and the" occasion was remarkable in respect of the extraordinary progress -It Tdferds inflie sprdad of Jhe order. ' "The stetisticalfigqnes laid before that committee show that on the 1st January of the pretYBar thereweie jno' Jess than 508,013 members fennectecT with the lodges in Great Britain and the colonies. Of these 468,387 xneinbers be- long' to the iold country, and 39,656 are colonial. The contributions and misfel- lanfens receipts for the, year amounted ito - £65:9,031 .12s . -2d? --aad fife, fciefc and — fnneral- benefits .jrid Iamounted to £459,662 ls Gd, leavings balance, to credit of £199,169 10s fid. The accumulated funds at, the beginning .of iihiB year were £3,879,780 9s ad. These are. Surprising numerical resolts. to be achifiyed pythe "worldpg zibet? pt EnjglftT Sdjr iof :1- re- .jiSSt ' Ant 4 -Qr-li; i their own motion. Here we find that more than half a million sterling is raised and paid to brethren in sickness iot distress every year by the members df Atfe- gbrder alone, and nearly four million eterilpg are heldin hand as ,areserv|K%a in glee of emergency; At this 'stage of its pro gress there Is scarcely room Wt forfeie mosttthptipoe critic' to iuywgn the stfjpd-- neesand solvency of the great" Manchester Unity. On the other hand, the rate of mortality, and consequently of mckneBs, keeps very low. It varied, for -the last lew ' years, from l-26per cent, to'l -5 percent. The sum of £70, life 7s was paid away in'fhneral be>nefits,oh accotoiit of 69l63eceased mem-' berafend £25,242jnoteon accoun t of deceased wives of "members. Tn -view of these fade and figures, it was perfectly justifiable for the grand master in bis address to congra tulate the members on the rapid spread; of' their order , throughout all the English- speaking parts of the world, and on the wast amount of practical benefit resulting from their union to their industrial fellow- workmen, both in the promotion of habits of thrift and forethought and in the timely ielief afforded, in times of sickness and household distress. The proceedings at j the meeting, it may be added, were of a strictly business kind, and were all conducted with the utmost good feeling, friendship, and brotherhood. Amongst, ofeer subjects mentioned was. the introduction of a bill into the House of Commons, by the Chan cellor of the Exchequer, amending certain details in the : great Consolidating! Act of 1875, which brer rather expensively on the lodges of the --order in the matterof regis tration and advertismgtheir financial port- tion. ; This amending act is, in itself, notpf- much consequence ; but it serves to show that the friendly societies at home are being vigilantly bnt paternally watched over ' by the Government, in order that their benefits' may -be extended, over -the largest possible area of the industrial population. They form a royal defence against fee spread of pau perism, and ate therefore deserving of jail encouragement ; and this .fe a fact which, no doubt, our own Government will fully recognise in due time." We again remind theumjualified that Friday (or to-morrow) is the last day for elector's rights to be issued in time for thenext -electoral rolL It will be seen by oar advertising columns that Mr Cbristy will have his office, opposite the George hotel, open on this and to-morrow evening bom seven to nine. Mr Zeal's committee has received a letter bom lb" Kirhy, a co-truatee 'wIth"1tr "Zeal of the Smeaton estate, confirming Mr Zeal's letter, pub lished in The Courier of yesterday. This letter reads as follows : — "Cardigan, 30th. August, 1876\. Dear Sir, — I am in receipt of your note of to-day, asking if I can endorse Mr Zeal'«sta£e- ment <meaningr I suppose, aletter from Mr Zebl in to-day's Courier, relating to mining on Smeaton Estate.) I have read the letter carefully, and can endorse Mr Zeal's statements, knowing them to be 'true. — Yours truly," Edwd. Kiimr, trustee Smeaton estate. , Mr Henry Swayne, George hoteL" We briiere we are correct in stating that Ahere is no truthin the report that : Ur Pan ton, F.hL, is to, be appointed Secretary for Mines, as stated to a Castlemaine contemporary. Thera' ia no intsp- tention of rriieving Major Conch man of the duties, or increasing the expen&iture; of the Mining De- partment. . In another colnmn will be fonnd a report of Mr Belcher's meeting, yesterday- afternoon, at be assembly-room of the Alfred HalL There were over 100 persons present, the mayor of Ballarat East bring in tbe chair. Mr Belcher spoke at considerable length, and several pointed questions were pnt to him, the answers to winch by no means satisfied everybody present. Tbe meet ing was noisy, bat good-humored. . No vote was taken, Mr George Smith, on behalf of Mi Belcher's committee, intimating that the- vote they wished was through the , ballot-box. While jspeaking,. Mr. Belcher declaimed against this journal for saying that he had voted against the Mining on Private Property BUI, whereas he en- ' deavored to save it from bringaheived. Mr Belcher should have corrected the miRtalrp we committed by writing direct to ns, instead of sending his cor rection to another jonniaL He wonld then have been saved the necessity of speaking on tbe ob ject yesterday afternoon in the strain which he : - employed Car the purpose. We do not pretend to be infallible, or to remember every little incident in the career of every member of Parliament. We ' were informed, on what we usually find vary good aalhority, that Mr BdAer had acted as we 1 alleged, or anch a statement would certainly not have been made in this jonrnaL A disastrous fire occurred at the firm of Ms t James Msran, Stale "Eorest road, Bnngaree, on die night of the 28th instant, whereby the stables, a substantial erection, was entirely ronsumeA- -Tbl progress Of tthefire was so rapid that' no possi, , bility -existed of entering the banding, and two t valuable horses fell victims - to the flames. - In \- addition, eomeeeta of harness and a quantity of hay was completely destroyed. The orjgin of the fire is at present a mystery, bat fsfsaspected 'to i have been tbe work of an incendiary. The . horses \- were valued at £30 each, and Mr Moran estimates . this total loss at something over £100. A meeting of members of the Railway Reform Association will take place this evening, at the City Hail, when arrangements will be made for the banquet to be given to the Hon. John Woods, ex-Commissioner of Railways, in recognition of his able and successful administration of -that depart ment, and-his judicious reduction of freights, by which the traffic end revenues of 'the railways have been increased, and tbe value of land and property enbanced ih 'this district. The demonstration te Ur Woods has no .political significance whatever, and all who have experienced, or -who desire to feel thebeoefUs of railway reform, are requested to take port in the movement. — ' The dispute between the Messrs Anderson and Messrs Crowley and Fitzpatrick, the saw-mitl owners of Bnllarook Forest; was before the Minister of Lands yesterday, Mr JJilljes said, he would take time to consider whether he would : settle tbe dispute himself, or refer the matter." to arbitration. It is significant of the growth of a health/ state of public opinion that Mr Bnchanan was on "Tiles- day elected .for tbe dkrath Province by a very res pectable majority over Mr Bennett and MrO'Brieh. .,Mr Buchanan waslhe LiberaLcandidate, 'and an nounced himself to be a protectionist, . and as strongly , in favor of a. land lax.! We trust the result of. next Monday's polling in H"« province will be to add another member to the Legislative Council of the same trend of thonght, namely, Mr W. A. Zeal. . Tins is the last day for nominations to be made for the reprrientation of the sonth ward in the City CoundL . At present the only candidate nominated is Mr- Thomas. We hear, however/that a requisition is in coarse of signature, and will be presented to-day, to Mr A. T. Morrison, manager of the Winter's Freehold Company,' asEng tbat gentleman to allow himself to be nominated fbr.the :-ypcaaqy. . . , . A requisition was presented to Mr Belcher j-esterdav afternoon, -at the Alfred Hall, signed in the couraeof an hour by. twenty-two of the must influential eleetors.pf this province, asking him to tnet his opponent at the AlfredHall on Saturday evening; so that both' candidates might mast the electors and' explain their . respectije -views. A reply was subsequently received from Mr Belcher, declining to attend the raeefiiig, , owing to iiritn' engagements. . . The rfoHoiring to Mr Bttcliei's letter:— "The Hon. G: F. Bririrer's Comrniftee- roomSjCraig's hotel,BaIlarajt, AfithAngu 1876. Xo MeSrTH.,B. Chalmers, L. S. Blair, JZale, Cffiaa. Morris, suid tbe seventeen other gentlemen signing requisition. -Gentlemen,— I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your reqoisition, asking "rne to meet you "at the 'AIfred Half on Saturday TtePiag next, fhexe to be confronted by Mr Zeal. " to receive from me an exposition of my political views," Ac.— In reply, 1 beg to aay that the arrangements made by my BaUamt committee for the farther canvass of the district will prednde any complng with .yonr reqntebsril hare the honor to be, fir, -jour obedient feant, G. F.; Tlprotocutimi in ixmnection witii the late aeeUsntat too Eovjaelgndaim willcarmhaice at the Tmrn Police Omit this morning. 1 ' ( -GrenviUe neariy lost a' memW on . TnesdaV evooing, Mr Lock, M.F.. taring got into a cab at' the Spencer street station, toffi tte7Jehn"-tS-drive' to Pariiament Honse. Before/the 'driver, iconld kain his seat, and whetiSn the act rf mounting, the lwraq suddenly Started off, the driver was thrown down, and one of J the wheels passed over him- . Mr Lock being seated. Aehind, j the horse, uncontrolled, darted off fall speed for the docka. Seeing -how matters stood, Mr Lock got ont be hind, bnt was pitched on.one side of the street "and hie hat on the other, T Another ArivCT, horse, Ud vehicle Started In porritit. of the bolter, and on ;j$e. way got a caprize, oab aiid driver ausbnmg- considerable damage. The runaway was, however, stopped before further injury was done. Mr Lock nentiy took his seat in the House, and frit f queer, particularly hj thsqregipngf the head ; re a good shaking&e; Wrife|h mjured. ciesday atonoo©!betrieen |hrol and four i" miDer ismd Thompson, undergoing x BtrPentridge, tommitiedan assault on r Axgns- Tho pnsener,fsays the Age) was employed, with others, In one of itiffi go-carts, and passing from oneward-So tbe other the warder tad SnpeStoThem for aomeLreach of the gaol regulations, when Thompson quickly turned round and struck Angus violent-blow m toe Ace. No. donbt tta aeeauB wortd have feen carried farther bnt for toe warder on the wall, who was under arms, calling ont to toem to desist. Warder Angus was not injured. Thompson will ..receive punishment fromtha vjriting jnsticeon his next visit to Pentridgs. The -coursing at DowlingForest yesterday was, on the whole most satisfactory, sixteen courses taring been run oft, leaving only three to finish the card, to-day, when June Bose wffl meet Waterloo, and Bismarck- will meet Hurricane— the winners to pompetein the finaf trial. The doge will be placed in slips at the Blowhard hotel at nine a.m. \- A meeting of the Board of Advice for the north riding "of GrenvBle, was heldin the Haddop school on Tuesday. Present— Messrs Bnchanan (corres pondent), Lute, pod Kopke. Correspondence— From the Education Department, stated that ten ders tad been aeeepted far the enlargement of the Haddon school/and that -if a special case were reported of children bring shut out in wet weather during -dinner hour, the department would write to toe head teacher. — Mr Binder asked and obtained a promise of the smristance of tbe board towards a concert to be given, by the children on the 29th of next month, to be conducted by Mr Crook— Mr .Kopke reported that since toe board had visited the schools there had been a much larger attend ance st Banker's Hill school. Tbe board derided to pnt the compulsory clause of the act in force when there is -sufficient accommodation for the children. . The adjourned meeting of subscribers and friends .of the Book and Tract Society will be held this -evening at the Young Men's Christisfa Association, .Camp street, iat-eigtat'o'clock We are soiry to hear that Mrs Woodyatt, of the employment institute (an old colonist of neatly thirty years standing"), has-been seriously ill daring the last right weeks, and that but little hope is now entertained of her recovery. Mrs Woodyatt resided many years at Rokewood, and her numerous, friends there will deeply regret to read this account, of herhealtin- The prosecution against Mr LowensteiD manager of toe Count Bismarck Company, arising out <jf« recent accident at that mine, came to grief in the Maryborough Police Court on Tuesday. After evidence tad been taken, Mr Matthews 'asked for - a dismissal, as the fact of lb Lowonstein bring Ugsl manager of -tost 'company- had not been : proved; the prosecution had omitted fhis alto-., . gether. Proof of registration of the conipany was in, biit not of the appointmenfof manager. Having failed' to do_tous, they had not proved him toe \- owner of-.toe mioe, and jrwDership was the very foundation .of the case. Mr'Carr held 'with this view, and dismissed the summons. We have received from Mr Hoyle a large photo graph, neatly teamed, of toe Chinese lepers, with tbe Bev. C. Coffins, Mr J. B. Humffray, Mr Hoyle, and Sergeant "Darner, occupying' positions either before' or behind toe smfenng Celestials. ; ThaliUeneute aretoue to nature, with oneexcep- \- tion, namdy-thab-'of Sergeant Lamer. In this case the sergeant has evidently' been TestleSs when the pictare' was taken; and the consequeuce is that a %er-iike face occupies a porition in the pictare i which shodld only be fflled -by a good-natured ! countenance. A musical and literary entertainment will, be given in the All Saint's Schoolroom next Friday, in ij kid of the drum and fife band of the Errard street .SttLte-schopL Theentertainment will be repeated lor children on toe following (Saturday) afternoon, 1 St two o'clock. Ibere is to taqnita a combination of local talent to make these two entertainments \- attractive; and let ns hope profitable also. At the usual fortnightly meeting, on Tuesday \- evening, of the Loyal Phoenix Lodge, A-LO.O-F-, i a large number of candidates were initiated into t the lodge, and from .twenty to thirty candidates ; proposed.. The lodge now numbers over seventy members. W were yesterday shown by Mr Stocks, a local ' artist, several' wril executed water' color sketches which lie has just completed. One represents ' scene near Lontit Bay, Mount St. George and ' the promontory horn which it abruptly rises ' bring graphically' depicted; with the "hollow 1 ocean ridges " breaking in on the shore 1 from the Southern Pacific. There is also 1 a view -of Cumberland Creek, Loutit Bay, the ragged grandeur of the scenery being beautifully painted. A view of the Ballarat East Town Hail 1 and gardens has also been wril executed. Alto gether, the pictures evince no small merit, apd are \- wril -worth being inspected by art connoisseurs. -" Aii important question (says the Telegraph) ' affecting municipal law was determined by toe ! court of petty sessions at St. Hilda on Tuesday ' morning. It appeared that the borough 'council of ! -St. Hilda -had -nude srxte in December, 1873, ' payable in January, 1876. Among those' rated ; was the defendant, Mr W. 8. Woricotc solicitor. ' Subsequent to toe rate being made.payable wpor- tion of thebarough of St. KBdsq incugling theprt- '- miRe'tor which Mr Woatcott was "rated, --was 1 'teveted by an order of the -Governor in Couniil and. annexed.: . to toe Caulfidd abire. A demand 1 was made'onMr Woqjco'tt forrateBbytheboroui l of St. Kilds whkffi he refused to pay, and -coa- 1 tended in his defence that after tbe severance took place the boropgh ot -St. Eilda corid not recover rates from, him, and in addition, that "he bad ' already paid rates to -.toe shire- of Cqmfirid since 1 annexation. Mr "J." j. Casey, instructed by Mr. Bndd, tbe borough soliritor. and.- who appeared for the borough council, quoted several sections of toe 'Local' Government Act, and contended -that when toe rate -was- -made and became payable it was , vested in the"borough of St. Hilda, and there was no section of the act which diverted it, ind quoted , the case-oPfee Birtegfinp Board v Ynille. The bento, consisting bf.Mpssra Simpson (chairman),. Murphy, and. .Twenrtman, held that tbe rate was .legally claimable, ana made an order fir £6, with £7 7s cpsts- " - Upwards of-thirty gentlemen (says the Geelong ' "Adneftaisr) >iftfended on TcSdiy evening at hte Zealk 'committee rooms, Gheringhap street; op posite the Post Office, and fanned themselves into subcommittees for -the purpose -of canvassing Gedong, nbrto Phfl south, also Geriohg West and New own and Chilwdl. and also to take the general management of those, districts on the day of poll- . ing. Mr Thomas Stoneman occupied: the chair, and reported that Mr Zeal had met with toe most cordial reception wherever he had made his ap- : Clearance. .... The people of Castlemaine appear to be quite as dissatisfied with Mr Macnherson's attdmot to re- ' distribute their riebtoral bbnndarite/ajs aftybody . eiqe:., A .conrerenic of toe local governing bodies waifcem iolbo -toirn hall on Monday evening, and toe M. A. Mail writes by way of tomutent " The new bill makes matters worse ; than they bow are.- As the riectoral law now is,! toe top of the western range forms the dividing line between top Gaitietqaine and .Haldon riectoratcs. Tbe proposed law ptakes an inroad oh toe Castlemaine \- riertorate. and takes toecxeefc far toe'landmuk. It .was possible for Caatiemahtc to have offered its suggestions, without advising with the other local -bodies; but, jssthis wouldpossibly-bavc caused. a wasteof time,as the propositions would have "tad to be referred to all the local , bodies who met on tire day in question, it is therefore satisfactory that, as far as the -alteration -of boundaries is concerned, Undelegates were noanimous, and -that tirey con fined ' themselves to- making - such moderate-de- Wands on the Chief Secretary that it wonld seem to be Impolitic, as it would be unreasonable to refuse to concede toem." . "f Adepntation (Cays the Herald) ftom toe councils gf Saodluirst, Castlemaine, and Ballarat "had an interview : stito the Minister of Minus on Wednes day, and . protested against tire practice of the de partment granting powers to mining companies to 'fine under -atresia, etating that toey considered aurir-a power bugbt to be vested in the local bodies. The cause Of toe deputation was ah apptitotion made ' by Mr Burrowes, M.LJL, for a lease of High stredtiadjoming his freehold, to -tnioe wafer. Mr MTrilati in »q>ly, said lhat-as toe hiihrialsin the earth were toe property of the CmwB, therigbt- togire power to mine fortoese" restrf wito toe Government. He toerrtore granted HrjBenrwee' application, bnt promised toe depu- rtrorxthat _be_ would insert any conditionaiu the irasetort the local bodies might submit, providing they were fair andTeasonable.": ' ' ' Tbe following distressing occurrence is reported in tbe Arpitt by triegram from Daylesford " On M«»day inormng-a. child tone gears and a half old, daurter.efThomas Kennode, upset the con- f pot, scalding bercbest and lags Xesrfnlly. She was standing on a smsif stool in front of toe fire with nothing but a night-dress on, when bar foot slipped, and ehefril forward, knock- mg over toe pot containing hot coffee stoieh was at -the Are «t -the time. The poor . little creature" lingered in agony until noon on Tuesday, when death irat ih Sd to her srrffedis. J >' - ' b Great mconvrmiance (remarks toe AgS) aristo- tamj,oeg«p»s.tWfer.jfe Stamp Act, by wbu etertore'pitot csnnotheteken outurift: prtnstampTi(ptlMtertlof.the usual Jte- A®"® instance, .ft waa atatm in fee House 'on:- Tuesday' night'toat on the' previous Stealing; about twenty ratepayers at Emerald Hill attended at the offlce-Of toe riectoral registrar, for tbe pnr- BOMi M obtyinfeg toor riechtt'li right but wen ii2i£LTOiici ixiijJ.c - unable to do so, owing to the fact that there were no stamps to be procured. Mr Bamsay promised that, if it could be shown to him that additional b tamp distributors were required apy where,, he would be happy to appoint them. "W The manager of the Union BankMelboarne, has received a telegram (says ahe Argus) from England, announcing toe death of toe "London manager." The triegram refers,' of ooorse, to Mr John Bramweil, who for some years has been manager of toe Union- Bank in London. -Mr Bramweil was fonnaly mantoer of fee Lenlon Chartered Bank, Melbourne. ' r Letters patent (says the Argur) were gantedon Monday to Messrs Frhbeig and Walter, of Russell street, for an improved churn, toe body of which is in the tame form as their, clothes- washing machine, but Instead of making 'toe interior sur face of half columns corrugated crosswise, they, now make the inside quite smooth, and introduce two cross gratings, each bar of which consists of square strips set diamond fashion, so as to. present a sarp edge. to the cream as it is dashed( to and fro in toe process: of churning. Letters patent were also granted to Mr Robert Hunter, of Sand- ridge, for certain improvements in toe treatment of hides, kips, afid skins, preparatory to their bring placed in toe tan pit. whereby toe inventor says he can reduce the -cost of such treatment and its duration, increase toe weight, and improve toe quality of the articles treated, and do away en tirely with toe fool smells generally emitted from premises where sttch work is carried on. The following telegram from Geelong appeared "in last night's Herald " The contest for the South-Western Province is being pursued with rigor. Mr Zeal addressed a meeting this morning, at Leigh Read and Batesford, and was favorably, received in both- places. Opinions vary much as. to toe ntimate result." Miss Annie Barker, well-known as a successful lady speculator, has been etected a member of the Sandhurst Stock Exchange, toe compliment (adds the Telegraph) bring the more marked from the fact that the recipient is the first female elected to toe pririlegee of membership. Somie of the passengers (remarks toe Gedong Advertiser) in 'one Of tbe carriages attached to toe train from Melbourne on Tuesday evening most have been greatly alarmed. A couple of fee sterner sex got into'aidispnte near the Little River; station, which ended in a prolonged scrimmage be- tween them, wnicn lastea nil xne tram urnvcu at Geelong. Here 'toe disputants and combatants were separated, evidently to the satisfaction of their fellow- travellers. _ Daring last week (says toe OetUmg Advertiser) several' Germans from, neat Geelong, ou behalf of themselves and a number of other families, hivei Been, according to a correspondent ;of?toe Harder Post, traversing the countty in the Neighborhood of Urana and Wagga Wagga, and have returned -disappointed. They report; that the best of the land -has been fethfe -alienated at auction or free' selected ; those 'tracts left wereiubt large enough, and consequently those families wonld be isolated. It is their intention ' to be present at Yanko, and endeavor" to. settie uiemsrives on toft fertile country. . The Brisbane Courier of the 23rd instant states that a triegram received at Cooktown from Mel bourne on the 21st, mentioned that capitalists re presenting a quarter of a million steriing would Lave that city by first steamer for Cooktown, es rMO po the Palmer, and Hodgkiusou. . It is not always wril (remark toe. Telegraph) to be too valiant, even in toe company of ghosts. Some time since toe1 town inspector of Williams- town, in passing through fee local cemetery " at' "fee dead of night," was somewhat startled by the sudden appearance of a spectre,7 which he at once- " wentior" with his walking 'stick. It was soon apparent that the sprite was no less a personage than Mrs Mary Ann" MGregor in tbe flesh, who was making ber way home with all haste when toe inspector's stick fell upon ber sknlL For this assault Mrs MGregor sued toe inspector on Tues day, and obtained £2 damages, with £3 5« costs. It is bnt fair to add .the inspector thought he was bring made the subject of a practical jctfe when he was startled in the cemetery. Mr Constable, receiver and paymaster at Cres- wick, has been ordered to take charge of the Hamil ton receipt and pay office. His duties at Creswick (says toe Advertiser) will in future be discharged., by Mr Merton, clerk of the courts in that town. ' Some correspondents complain of their letters bring held over in this office. We really do the best we can to accommodate all nor correspondents, but we cannot get their letters in with more rapi dity than we do now. It wonld: greatly facilitate insertion, however, if our correspondents were more brief in their remarks. We have afeage number of tetters by ua,'and we shall pass them through our columns as rapidly as possible. .There, was a good attendance at toe Mechanics' Institute last right, when an excellent programme was -performed, and the applause was generous throughout the evening; - The distribution of gifts included a Ballarat shawl to one lucky winner. To-right there will bea change of programme, and more gifta. - . „ ; . 