SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MEMS- Tiie Government have entered into a contract for the conveyance ol mails between I'ort Darwin and Sourabaya and Java. The Yarcowie correspondent of a South Australian contemporary, writing on September savs :—" We have l*een visited with the heaviest fall of snow known iu the colony by any one here. The country to the north and north-cast of Gottlieb's Well is covered as lar as cau be Been, hills and plains alike, about three inches deep. The storm seems to have come from the north-west." The following resolution was to have been moved in the S. A. Parliament on Tuesday ;— " That an address be presented to If is Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to recommend this House to make provision in the estimates for the year 1*77-8, to an extent not exceeding £501 >0, for the purpose of offering a bonus for the discovery of a payable coalfield in the Province of South Australia." The first anniversary of the Xlindmarsh, How den, and Brampton Branch of the South Austin lian Sunday-school Union was celebrated oi Sunday and Monday, October 1 and ± There are three schools in the Union, and on Sunday afternoon a children's service was held in the new Wesleyan Church, Brompton, conducted by tin Rev. C'has. Lane, and attended by between GtW and 700 children. After speaking a few wolds to the little ones, the rev, gentleman addressed the young people on the subject of " Innocent Amusements v. Sinful Pleasures," and concluded with some sound advice to the teachers. It is stated in the Knmmorln Herald of Oc tober 3rd, tlmt " wool is now finding its way freely down to Kingston by rail, the principal business as yet being done is through Messrs. <>i merod and* Co, This firm's stores are now finished. They are situated about two or three hundred yards'froin the railway terminus,and we believe it is the intention to connect the stores with the terminus by a line of rail, to enable the trucks to load alongside of theiu. This will sav caitage. The d umping press is worked by steam.' The Government are pushing on with tjie rail way from the Bum to liallett. There is a large gang of men excavating at the Burra, and another lot similarly engaged a short distance further up the route the line will take. There is quite a township of tents near the Burra. The new chums are attired in dark or black home-spun trousers with a light-colored shirt, while their heads are generally covered with a black hat; and as they do not discard their waistcoats, they look in the distance like so many gentlemen working under medical advice to cure dyspepsia. The Narrwcmrh Herald ol' September 20 states that "on Saturday morning last our township was startled by the report that Dr. Water, master of the Narracoorte Academy, had made a desperate attempt to commit suieidc by cutting his throat, ana otherwise injuring himself. On enquiry the report was found to be too true. On Saturday morning, though he got up as usual, it Was noticeable that he was somewhat troubled iu mind, but such as not to give alarm/ After Ijrealdast he went out to ^ive some pupils their music lessons atthfeir private residences. It ajv jears after this fac immediately returned to his {0&$ng6y locked himself'tfp in his liedrooia, arid There are also three very .. . . which were evidently inflicted at first with a view of bleeding to death, but finding they were not snflicient it is supposed he cut lus throat, lie was taken to the Mouut Gambier Hospital. From a return laid on the table ot the Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Bosworth, it appears that the number of male prisoner confined in the Adelaide gaol during the year ended 30th June, 1*7 (j, was 80S, and of female prisoners 23y making a total ot 1043. The " cost of' n.'imten-; ance and other expenditure was /lofciId.; and of supervision, £l»13 7s. ; total, £.if8 lis. Id The proceeds of prison labor m cash paui to the Sheriff, irrespective of other labor, from 1 July 1. l« s 7o. to June 30. lS7'i. was 1 ««'• A large amount of work, principally in repairs and additions to premises, maintenance of grounds, washing mending, and making prisoners clothes, &c..; has been dune, and is valued at £20.(1 lo*. ThU makes the total value of the prisoners labor £M3 .Is. 7d. ; and a balance of £5 os.G.l,, representing tin- value of labor over the cost ot maintenance and supervision, is left. 1 he keeper ,f the -'anl states in a note that the cash takings are increasing vearly. Several new nnUistncs, viz., the making and repairing of tents, taupanlins, wheat and ore bass, and coir mats, have been initiated. He contemplates a large increase ol cash receipts owing to the growing and manufacture of olive oil. Plantations are still being laid out and new trees are being planted, which when matured will be a source of increased revenue to the gaol, and help in time to make it self-supporting. Some carelessness has been shown either in preparing or printing the return, and we have had to recast some of the figures m order to give the above information. A correspondent at Cooper's ('reek writing to the >'. ,4. Mail saws :—"* This far away region, ol which little has' been hitherto knowu beyond having a place in the history ol Australian exploration, is rapidlv becoming settled and stocked and at no distant period bids fair to be regarded as a not inconsiderable source of supply to the meat-consumers of Adelaide. Within the last twelve months large areas of country have been taken up bv Messrs. H. and T. Wilson, of the Wimmera. Victoria ; Messrs. W, and W. Hood, and Messrs. Hcniv Colless and Co.. all of whom have placed herds of cattle on their respective holdings. The season so far has been anything but favorable. No local rain of any consequence has fallen for more than 16 months, and had it not been that we have been visited by two floods iu Cooper's Creek during that time, and which have left good feed on the swamps and low ground, grass would have become rather a scarce commodity by this time. These floods have come from the sources of the creek in Queensland, and are the result of heavy rains which fell there in Mav last. The great want we feel here is as to postal communication, and a petition has been sent in to the Postmaster-General, urging the necessitv of at once establishing a mail service between Innaminka (Burke's Grave), near the Queensland bonier and Mannuwalkaninnie—the pveseut nearest postal route. Such a mail service would not only lie a great convenience, but is an absolute necessity to stationholders, as the want of communication is a complete hindrance to business, unless by the alternative of sendin special messenger a journey ol' 20<i miles. It is surely not an unreasonable request to make ol the Government that they should grant the comparatively trilling subsidy required for a postal service to pioneers of unsettled territory, who, by improving and enhancing the value of the public estate, are contributing largely U> the general welfare of the colony. The residents in this district view with much satisfaction the passing of the Bill through tlie Legislature to construct a line of railway from Port Augusta to the Government Gums, which will bring us our requirements to within miles of Cooper's Creek. It is to be hoped that no time will l>e lost in commencing the work. The weather continues fine, ami there is no appearance of rain. We are having bright warm days and bitterly cold nights—sometimes freezing. The flood in the creek has reached about <>0 miles beyond the Queensland boundary, ami will not go much f urther, as the water is falling fast above." We understand, says the Gtindivjai Times, that My, John Lewis, a mining engineer of great experience, and late manager of the New North Climes, (>. M. Co., Victoria, a claim that paid £400,000 in dividends, and is still working, has recently made a special inspection of the Enter prise Quartz Mining Company, Muttama Reef His report is very satisfactory and comprehensive, and he speaks 'most favourably of this mine's prospects; he is likewise impressed with the thorough wining abilities of the manager, Mr. Jones, and credits him with much praise for his systematic working of the claim on its various levels, and for the plan he has adopted for keeping the water well under in tanks at 130 feet level. By this means sinking at lower levels can be carried on in dry "round. The following description of a visit to Cook town is taken from a letter received by i Melbourne gentlemanA stranger, unacquainted with the many miseries of Cooktown, coming suddenly from' the most populated part of the diggings, would think that the clay of resurrection had arrived, all the people looking so ghost-like and supernatural. You cannot find a middleproportioned man on the diggings, all being so thin that their bones actually protrude through their skin ; in fact, although I have been in the army and almost every country in the world, I never came across suck wretched- looking people, nor ever lived in such a wretched country us th iiortii of Queensland. 