LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS „Our report ofjshe proceedings of the Kampden -Shire Oouiicil last Eriday w&s; more" than usually condensed, and much interesting matter had unavoidably to, he held o\er. Amongst others was a short^discussibn Aupon the -probable course to be; adojpted Jjy the valuer rn making next year's valuations. Councillor Mack .asked if, under the circumstances, -any change would be necessary.- After what had occuired he (Councillor Mack} thought the valuer must feel himself in a fix. What was he to do 9 The President said that the valuer was hound undei the act to make a valuation to the best of his ability. He had changed the valuation in 1875 from that of 1874 because he had been instructed by legal authorities tkat he kad previously been. makmg his calculations upon a wrong basis. He had ^gam been recently told by one of the judges of the lower courts that he was still on a wiong basis, and he (the President) thought that it was quite competent for him to adjust his valuation to the basis laid down by the Court if he found that he was conscienti ously able to do so. All he was called upon to do was to return an honest valuation Cr. Buchanan thought the Council should give the valuer some basis to go upon. The Piesident pointed out that that would be directing the valuer, who was supposed to be thoroughly independent of th e Council v Gr. Buchanan said that the valuation for the past two yearshad been very-unsatisfactory. The President was of opinion that the result of the valuation had been unsatisfactory, but that the valuation itself had been satisfactory enough so far as he was concerned. Or. Buchanan thought that if the valuation was not more satisfactory this year tiian during the last two years there would be plenty of appeals. In his opinion, the rate of last year was not to be tolerated. Cr. Mack said the Council could not direct the: valuer or ask him what he was going.to do. "If they had not entire confidence in him they, should net entrust him with the valuation ; but if, on the other hand, they still reposed confidence m him they should leave him unfettered m. any way. Cr. Buchanan did not wish to oppose the appointment of the valuer. He merely meant to throw out a hint or two,, and he hoped things would be different next year. Property was different now from what it had been, and the fancy prices ruling some years ago had now disappeared. The President thought Cr Buchanan's -remarks sounded^ very much like a direction to the vainer, and he did not think that officer should be influenced m any way. He (the President) knew that Mr. Harrison felt a difficulty in the matter, as that officer had recently put the question to him as to how he was to arrive at the value of certain property. He (the President) had declined to offer any opinion on the subject, and had referred Mr.- : Harrison to Judge Sogers for advice. As the valuer was present perhaps the Council would like to ask him a question, or two. Cr. Buchanan thought if the valuer found any difficulty m-arrivmg:at the mode in which any particular properties were valued -he could obtain valuable information on application to the Aofficers- vof- ;other ;imuuicipahtieSi Mr, Harrison, m reply to a.questionby the President, said that •' he could see no other plan to adopt during, the future than to be guided : by the ruling of the General Sessions Judge at Geelong." Concerning^ the discussion*:, which took place at the last: meeting of the. Hampden Shire Council with reference to tha proceedings in Equity and the protest subsequently tabled by Cr. Buchanan, in- which he, on the part of the Council, as a body, disclaimed being involved in any manner .in . the suit now pending at 1 the relation of Mr. Peter M'Artkur, it is just possible that some misapprehension may exist owing to the statements put forth in certain quarters. Why Cr. Buchanan took.the trouble to lodge the protest m question is best known to himself, but what, good purpose -the protest might serve appears quite inexplicable to us.. As the Council as well as the ratepayers— forming -together . the corporate. body described as the municipality of Hampden— has been ineladed -as -defendants m the bill filed in Equity.by the; Attorney-General, at the instance of Mr. Peter M'Arthur, we fail to see of what avail can be any protest on the.part of- 'any-individnal ,councillors. ? As a body, the Council has been made defend-; antsto.thesuitjandsalthough.itispossible; that costs - may. be -given: against individual members th«reof, still, the action, as itstands, cannot be changed, and, having in the first instance, with the others, recorded his dissent from the action of the majority of five, Councillor Buchanan could do no more, and no protest -of his canin anv possible manner alter the nature of the action, which, as described upon the notica ?of injunction published, is between the Honorable the Attorney-General and the President, Councillors and ratepayers of the Shire of Hampden. Upon the.principle of going from home to hear news, 1 we learn from the Warrnambool Examiner that a Polo Club has been established in this district, and that this day, on the Jetty Flat, at one o'clock, a match will be played between the Warrnambool - and Koort Koortnong Clubs, the latter, according to the jB.mmi7ier.-being represented by J. Gr. Ware (captain), H. W. St. Quintin, B. Dowlmg, and — Wilkinson. The Warrnambool players are to he—0. E. W. Palmer (captain), H. Murray J. -S.'Mcol, -and T. P. Entledge. It has been suggested to us that .a polo club might be established in Camperdown, as there are many gentlemen who would be willing to join if they : could be associated^ with:', some ^members -who weia sufficiently '^well up 55 in polo to enable them to coach the rest. That there are some proprietors'in the neighbouiliood of Camperdown who ate alive -to the importance of Improving their properties in such a manner as to make them as J productive as possible is evident from the works that are being carried out on certain fieeholds. „ On the estate ^-ol the-Hon. John Camming, at Gnotak, .for example, the alteration for the better that has- been made in that property during the past two or thiee years is very noticeable, in those paddocks fronting the Terangmam road and the Castle Carey road much has been done on the way of clearing off the fallen timber ana removing dead and unsightly tiees^withvfche resulFo.fi giving to the property dur ng this present: spring ftime quite a pietjty and park-likej appealancer A -very considerable amount ofy work has-also fj>een «Sectedm storing watej;f and\n the construction of''dams ^.nd i-eserS voirs, ancHhis-season-Mr Gummmgis oarry^« mgdut very extensive dramage r jvoiks • ng; less than thirty miles -of f permanent drams; are now being "-made byMi.-John Collier, T tos whom the contract for iBiis Vorklias been entrusted Thfe whole of the improvements' ^on this estate Jave been/Ganied out under! 'the .superintendence of Mr, Andrew of s WarmainlooXiWho fSome^eaissigo success | fuljy executed a very^eompletfsystem oj2 water supply on /the -He laihbete estate f Some,efforts*aTe hfeing maidenanCthe way-sol clear ng other tpiopertiesjin;ithe nnmediatfe| vicinity»bf KCa&peidown;^^- - | Another entile horge Jia^ieen added to ourlist. _Mr Da id^O^ons " , yOomnSdore jS^| a well kno^3^%nd.will^emain this On ^unHay "last -tlfeB^sqngregation at sthe Presbyterian-j3hurehf?Camperdown, = wasan *unpsually r Jarge~ohe, " th« pulpit on that" occasion 'being occupied ,by the^ev. J^,mes Paton, Vho for the lengthened period ot tweflty yeais 7has beenf~'labourjng as a mis-/ sionary m the New Hebrides m connection with the Presbyterian Church in these colonies. The rev. gentleman took as his text the charter given to the AjwsiBwg— '' GrOi therefore, ^nd, teach all natiofe,^ baptising instiie iiatoe of the -Father, and of the Son, „ and^ofvtlie 'Holy Ghost " Aftei ..dwelling briefly on the toxt an atg general application, and enjoining on his headers the necessity for family worship, Mr. Paton, 'proceeded to-apply himself-to r the task more^ immediataly corinecied with his visit—an account of the pMgreas-of missionary work in the South Seas. An interesting narration connected with the Bay spring was given, aiid as'far as'missionaries sent out by the" Presbyterian ^ody were-concerned, the rev. gentleman took especial care" to vindicate them from the oharge of seeking personal advantages, assuring his Jhearers that _by s their oath or robhgation^they were prohibited from connecting themselves,^ directly "or mdirectly, A with 1 land-or commerce. -'The^ discourse throughout was most interesting,; and its impassioned .delivery sefiurgd the breathless attention of- the congregation^ Duung the sermon several idols from, th# island of Aniwa were exhibited., Last«jgf£> ing the subject was Tesumed, aiore^ -the* form of a lecture, and on each occagon the collection takgn was^mz-fjirtkeranQj of mission work m the New Hebrides ' A meeting, convened private^, we understand, for the purp(W_offcifmng a branch of the Victorian FreeSJaSe League, was held at the Leura Hotel on Friday lagt. 'The time of meeting was fixed at three" o'clock, ' but at that hour only two or .three persons made an appearance. Subsequently, some half a dozen gentlemen assembled, viz., Messrs Dawson, Tait, Fergusson, Allen, and Knott, of Camperdown - and Mr. Wm. Lang, of Terang, and constituted a meeting. At a later hour Mr. It. D* Scott put in an "appearance. Some preliminary business was tiansacted, the-principal being -the appointment of Mr. Knott as secretary, and instructions were given to that gentleman to open up commumc^tion with the central committee in Melbourne. Possibly, if those moving in the formation of this branch were in future to -giveahttle^m meetings they might secure a better attendance and, probably, stand a better chance of augmenting their numbers. Until that desired consummation is achieved it is scarcely likely that the Ministerial banquet—which :.one :of 'the'promoters ! was- sanguine enough to: ; project—is likely to come off, for Ministers, who, doubtless, would do a great deal to earn t a little popularity, would scaicely risk an m-" vitation at the hands of the provisional committee. Notwithstanding the recent very welcome rams, it is probable that the excessively early ' spring -will- affect grazmg.properties, even m :the timber, country, to isuch ian - extent-this year that a considerable falling off m the returns of stock will be inevitable, v In the sheep country on the plains the herbage is now very scant, although in particulars] ov calities; such as the immediate vicinity of Mount Elephant, the grass looks better than - might have been anticipated. As an instance, however, of the injury caused by the want of seasonable rain, we may mention that we have been informed, on reliable authority, that, at the present time, Messrs. Robertson Brothers, at Colac, have less stock on their magnificent property this year by. 1,500 cattle and 6,000 sheep than they had last year, and the decrease has bsen necessitated,-we learn, entirely in consequence of the very peculiar season. 3Trom the list of occupants of Crown lands who have not paid rent or fees due upon leases and licenses during the month of February, 1876, and which are published m the Gazette of. last week, we take the following:—Thomas. Lovell, Ecklin, £2 10s. ; Wilham Tredgall, Bruekuell. £16; Adam M'Clure, Mepunga, £7 18s ; John M*Master, \- Woorndoo, £10; and James McMahon, Struan, £2. Applications for licenses under the Land Act, 1869, have been approved as. under :— Michael Fitzgibbon, 320 acres, Nullawarre j and Henry Robinson, 78 acres, ELeilambete. , The issue of a lease to Edwin Williams for 100 acres in the parish of Trrewillippe, has been approved. The application of Charles Bedggood for a 1 Crown grant for 77a. 3r 25p., in the parish J of Pohah South, has been approved, and the money made payable at the Geelong subtreasury. The holding of -.PeterRyrne, .in^ the parish of Mortlake, under section 20 of the Land Act, 1869, has been amended from 65a. Or. 3Sp. to 64a. 2r. 22p., and the amount to be paid to adjust the rent account is £2 16s. \- Amongst the list .of-Econtraets aGcepted -for: new works under the Education Department,.wefind':thefollowmg:inlastFria.ay's Gazette. Materials for portable building, .Keilambete East, J. Tresby, £63 18s. 4d. ! materials for portable Tjuildmg and quarters, Nullawarre, J. Tresby, £118 18s. An Electoral ; Revision Court will be lield. at Camperdown on Wednesday, 18th October next, for the purpose of revising the General ElectoralListsfortheCampeEdown.andiljismore divisions of Ripon and Hampden, and the Heytesbury r East division of Villiers and Heytesbury. The following regulations liave been published by the Chief Secretary respecting the removal of Sheep fiom Victoria into South Anstralia :—1. Anapphcation must be made to therChief Inspector of Sheep, Adelaide, for:, permission to introduce sheep, stating their number, descriptions and brands, endorsed by border inspector where possible, as coming from a healthy station j such application to be accompanied by a fee of one penny per head for the number of sheep intended to be introduced. 2. Such application must be accompanied *by a declaration (as usual in Victoria) that the sheep are clean and sound, and have been depastured on the same station for twelve months preceding the jdate of such application, and that no strange or unsound sheep have been m contact with them. 1 3. One week's notice to*the district inspector of the -date -of arrival of sheep at the boundary must be given. An 1 inspector, if satisfied; after^examination, that the sheep are' clean and sound, and the conditions fulfilled, will -issue a certificate of health^ autholising such; sheep to traveriu South Australia' 1 to a cle-~ stmation to tie stated. 4. All sheep 1 intended to be -so introduced must be branded •with the letter V in red paint. 5. All tsheep: introduced hy sea will rpquirp to 1)6' dipped twice, andipufc in jquaratotme for fourteen; days, as previously done*" - In connection with the loss of racmg stock; 7 n boaid fee .steamship Gitij of .Melbourne,, the spoltmg contributor to the ^Leader Msi the following —As everybody is anxious to know what .hour the seveial horses otuhoaidv -the City of~MeW)bnrne died, f give following tuner which is as near^as possible correct •Monday, 11th mst, the .Gweudohn filiy died fit 9 & m ,~!riie Poacher -4nd 'Eros'-about 4alf' an ihour later $fem§sis;at 1 £ m JaobinHood landEtoile duMatuTat burgundy and Sovereign at 6 B0 p m 4 ,^nd*the Sylvia colt.at^ ,5 am.s on -Tuesday all^hands were iOjusily engaged at the'whlel&M;^thet duties, it was necessary to leave thgn Ion the dec^ for soiffe hoursr^t^TOiy/^^ ^ Eros were.-cast o^erboaid^hol?tly after which, N e m e s i s vwsiyjQg on'themeckMi,,a ,corner j 