A PAPER PROM PENTRIDGE. THE FIFTEENTH OF MAY. A LIFEB'S YARN. (Concluded.) WELL, we went to the diggings on Breako'day Creek, And knocked out three hundred the very first week; And still we were lucky, and months rolled away, But I still keep repeating " the fifteenth of May." Though I strove and I struggled to set myself free From the spell of the words, it still pressed upon me, And sleeping or waking, through night and through day, A voice seemed repeating " the fifteenth of May." Well, as we were working one day in our claim, Says he, " Til go into'the town—Are you game?" And I answered him, " Yes "—So we got two old screws That were worth little more than the price of their shoes, And we went to the town, and we knocked down a bit, And we stopped at a place called the " Goose on the Spit;" And the girl in the bar was a regular swell, So the diggers had christened her " Highflier Nell"— Which was a good name, for she held a high head. But after a bit she grew sweet upon Ned, And she'd give him the best drop of drink in the bar, And likewise the best and the choicest cigar, And she'd hand him the match while she looked in his eyes, And she'd smile aud then give two or three little sighs, Sufficiently loud just to fall on his ear— But not at all meant for another to hear. Why, she'd watch him so close that he scarcely could stir, But I never thought Ned cared a bit about her; For he told me, as soon as our digging was done, He'd marry poor Kitty, of Ballowool run. Well, the day we were leaving the "Goose on the Spit," I'll own that the barmaid seemed cast down a bit; Then as we were taking our last parting drink, She spoke and said something that made my heart sink : "I'll trust you," said she— "don't forget my birthday, And you'll surely come back on the fifteenth of May?" Well, look you, as soon as them few words were said, I saw Kate, his mother, pass slowly by Ned ; And that " Highflier Nell" she beheld it like me, For, "Lord, what was that which went past you?" said she; " As sure as I'm living, a shadow crept by, In the form of a girl, like a cloud o'er the sky." " 'Twas the smoke," Ned replied, " of this splendid cigar, For there is not a soul but us three in the bar." Well, we bid her good-bye and we strapped on our swags, And mounted before them on both of our nags, And galloped away to the diggings once more, And there we were lucky as we were before; And luck still pursued us, and months rolled away, Till the time came at last, that's the fourteenth of May. Then he say to me, " Dad," as he threw the pick down, " Knock off, if you please, for I'm bound for the town ; So find the old screws and we'll get under weigh— For I told her I'd see her the fifteenth of May." And then the pale spectre of Kitty went past. With the sorrowful sigh like the moan of the blast. See who, Ned ?" says I, though I knew very well. Of course, dad," says he," don't you know I mean Nell ?" But what about Kate ?" says I, looking at Ned. Well, nothing," says he with a toss of the head. " Let her be, dad," says he ; " though I wish Kitty well- But she ain't half the girl of that Highflier Nell." Well, I said all I could in behalf of poor Kate— But, Lord! ain't it vain to contend against fate; So we mounted our horses and started for town, Though the night had set in with tempestuous frown. Well, when we had ridden some hours on our way The tempest began to laugh loudly and play ; And it rushed through the bush like a million of hosts— Of demons and devils, and loud-wailing ghosts. And it wrenched off great branches that hung overhead, And scattered them round us like atoms of thread; And mighty trees groaned as they tottered and fell, And the face of the heavens gleamed fiery as hell ; And the boom of the thunder burst out from each cloud, Like the voice of Destruction, wild, dreadful, and loud ; And the rain fell in sheets, and the creek by our side Swelled up and rolled onward a boisterous tide. Then he said to me, " Daddy, ride faster, man, ride, There is many a mile between me and my bride; But though she is many a mile far away, I'll see her, old man, on the fifteenth of May." As he spoke I looked up, and I saw overhead The form of my Kate as I'd seen her when dead; Like the image of sorrow, cold, hopeless, and ghast, I saw her an instant tossed wild on the blast. Then I looked round to Ned—Lord, it shivers me now— And I saw him smote down by a tempest-tossed bough. He uttered no groan, or one syllable said— And when I dismounted I found my boy dead; And the moment he fell, though its raging was high, The tempest died out like a lingering sigh ; And the stars overhead sparkled brilliant and bright, For the frown had-passed off from the face of the night. Well, I wept o'er my boy as I lifted his corse, And placed it before me upon my own horse; For I said to myself, " I can ride slower down, And in a few hours I'll get into the town." So forward I rode as I thought for the place- Forward, but still I could find not a trace ; No, never a trace of the town could I see, For it seemed to be hidden by magic from me; And I felt like a man who is under a spell, For where I was journeying I could not tell; And it seemed to me then that the hands of the corse Without any effort were guiding the horse. (Continued on page 227.) (Continued from page 223.) But still -with my silent, companionless load O'er the unbroken Bod of the lone bush I rode— Till the stars lost their gleaming and faded away Before the faint blush of the up-waking day ; And still I rode on, and as lighter it grew Then recognised landmarks and spots met my view : The hut by the creek and the gunyah hard by, And the Sugarloaf rearing its peak to the sky, And the homestead where Kitty had first met " my son," All were there—for I stood upon Ballowool run. " Now, God be my help and protection," I said, " IVe been led to this place by the power of the dead: He said he'd return unto Kate in a year— He was true to his promise for now he is here." Then I rode to the front of the homestead and there I lifted him down with the tenderest care; And then to the rear of the homestead I ran— A sorrowful, weary and lonely old man, And I lifted the latch of the unbolted door And there beheld Kate standing mute on the floor. Her face was as white as the"moonlighted snow, And she looked just the hopeless resemblance of woe. " Oh, daddy !she said when I entered the place, " Yon need not deny what I see in your face; I know that you bring me sad tidings of Ned— For," she wept as she murmured, " I know he is dead. I saw hiin this morning before it was day, For he came and he stood by the bed where I lay ; And a girl, too, was with him with streaming brown hair, And a face cold and blanched with a look of despair; For though it was dismal and dark in the room, I saw their white faces and forms in the gloom; And silent she stood looking down on me there Till she stooped and I felt the cold sweep of her hair, Then she sighed as she whispered these words like in pain, ; You were widowed .ere wed and shall widowed remain.' In a sorrowful whisper the accents were said, Then she pointed'to me and she motioned to Ned ; And he bowed down his face in a sorrowful way. And he said to me,' Kate, 'tis the fifteenth of May.' When he ceased they grew misty and dim to my eye, And they faded away from my view with a sigh ; And I knew that the words which he spoke by my bed Would be the last accents I'd hear from poor Ned." " Well, Kitty," I said, " lie is gone from us both, But was he not true to his promise and oath ? He said he'd come back on the fifteenth of May, And, Kate, he is here, but shall soon go away, For all of poor Ned that is left you or me. Lies lifeless without by the dead wattle-tree." Her tears trickled fast and her eyes lost tlieir shine, But she stretched "out her hand and she placed it in mine, Then I led her away to the spot where he lay. And they met as lie swore, on the fifteenth of May; But though she knelt weeping there close by his side, " There was many a mile between him and his bride." Well, while I stood looking upon the poor maid, A hand on the back of my shoulder was laid— Then the yoice of the boss sounded close to my ear, And he says, "" Is it you, Dad, and what is this here ?" Then I told him the tale that I've told to you now, How Ned had been killed by the fall of the bough: And I spoke of Ned's mother and of her sad fate- But, Lord, when I mentioned the name of poor Kate, His face grew convulsed and as white as the dead, And he shook like a; leaf, as he muttered and said— " 'Tis a dreadful rebuke, and the wrong that IVe done Has found me out here, for the youth was my son." " Your son ! " I exclaimed, as 1 sprang on him there, As the fierce tiger springs on his prey unaware. " It was you, villain, yoa then, who murdered ray Kate, And I've met you at last by a most righteous fate; It has brought us together where neither can fly, And for all her great wrongs and-snff'rings you die." I grasped up the knife, that was sailor-like tied By a cord to my belt, and it sank in his side, And he staggered and fell by the side of his son, While I laughed in my heart at the deed I had done— Laughed wildly and loudly, again and again, But the thought of it now lights a hell in my brain; And though he still lives and is acting his part, IJaiow that I've murdered a man in my heart. And so I jriust languish for life here in i! quod," J?ar off froin my fellows, and farther from God. 