TRAGZED IN FLND?ERS-LAKE. A shocking tragedy was enacted in Flinders-lane on Friday evening. A man named John Makiwitz, stated to be a native of Dauntzic, and about forty-two years old, who, it is said, at one timekept the Empire Hotel in Hotham, but had latterly been employed in some capacity at St.George's Hall, and was in very straitened circumstances, was married a year ago on the 17th to a young woman, but they did not live happily to. gether. The woman, who is rather good-looking, states that he was very jealous of her, and ill-treated her soon after marriage and subsequently. They lived together, however, till about a week ago, when the woman ran away from him, and took a house at 135 Little Flinder-sstreet east, not far from the Detective office. It appears from what follows that the woman gave him cause for jealousy, and that brooding over this he came to the determination to kill himself in her presence, in order that she might ever after be haunted by the horror of his death. On Friday morning he went to his wife's house and got a sove reign from her, for the purpose, as he said, of taking out of pawn a greatcoat and some shirts preparatory to going up the country with a hawker, but in reality it appears for the purpose of buying a p;stol and am munition with which to kill himself. The woman wee very much frightened by his manner then. At about 6 o'clock in the evening he returned and knocked at the door, and was let in by a little boy, who, after opening the door, went out the back way. The man walked into the bedroom where his wife woeas, and looked at her in such a terrible manner that she erouched against the bed, and implored his mercy. He struck her, and then showed a pistol, and pointing out that be had twisted round his finger a look of the women's hair, pushed her suddenly backward upon the bed. She screamed, and at the same instant felt something like a puff of wind pass over her head, a loud explosion, and fainted. On recovering she saw the man lying dead across the bed in a pool of blood, and his brains smcattered over the bed asid floor. She gave an alarm, and Constable Slattery, being fetched by a boy, went to the place. He found the man lying on his back on the floor in a pool of blood, the left side of his head blown away, and his brains scattered about. The sight was a horrible one. The man seemed to have fired the pistol 'into his month. His left eye, the left side of his face and head, and all the inside of the head, were blow away, and the bulk of the brain was lying in a lump in the centre of the bed. Beside his left-hand was a small single-barrelled pistol, and near his right hand was a letter. The wife of the deceased, Alice Makiwitz, said that the man tried to shoot hee first, but from the contents of.the letter it does not appear that he had any intention of killing' her, but that be sncceeded in doing exactly what he wishbed, namely, shooting himself over the woman's living body. The woman said the mae's name was Mankovich, but the same was spelt by'the police as given above. Below is given a copy of the letter as near as it could be published. The writing was very shaky but tolerably distinct, and the errors in grammar and spelling were much less than might have been expected, considering that the writer was a foreigner. It contains allusions to his wife's immoral relations -ith men, whose names are not given below for ob vious reasons. Some of the context also has been omitted, being hardly fit for publication. It will be observed that the writer refers to the day of his wed ding and his burial, no doubt alluding to the fact that yesterday was the anniversary of his wedding-day. The reference to the detective force apparently alludes to the fact that the women lived near the Detective aole. The letter runs thus: S"December 17, 1875.-I write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill myself to-day some way. My wife left me last week through the interference of the following women andmen :- [The nextsentence is incoherent.] Prostitution is the best carried on, moat seuceseful carried on, under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an example. . I don't sign my name. It will be found out soon enougsh.£ h lave no money,, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living careas (P), that bshe always may remember my (f) in that beautifull life shae and her companion are leeding, and may the course (P) of God be on here (?), that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost be shall hunt her and drive her to mad ness, and the worst I wish here (P) . The remainder -as written so that it could not be known which pear -tion read first.] I got £1 from my wife sand I paid +e. for a pistol in Oleeland's. I return the rest to her after paying for powder and shott. I see her at my wedding day and my byrrial (P). I wish to be burriea (P) with the lock of hair on my finger. .. I leavemy lodging now 10 a.m., to go and see my eursed'wife to get some money-the firstand last to buy a pistol, and return to her, take her in my arms, and seatter my 'brains over her cuarsed caress. Amen. N.B.-My wife's name was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her, her brother is an old polioeaan, and living, I believe, in Dandenong, Oakleigh, Fern tree Gully, or Sale (Gippsland) at present I believe. J. M. M. married December 17, 1874; died by his own hand December 17, 1875; order for a grave stone." The tragic event naturally caused considerable ex citement in the neighbourhood. Dr. Youl held an inquest on Saturday,attheArgyle Arms Hotel, Little Flinders-street, on the body of the inan John Mankiwez, who shot himself on Friday' evening. It may be mentioned that the man's wife, about a year ago, before she was married to him, at tempted to drown herself in the Yarra by jumping off Prince's bridge into the river, and that one of three men who rescued her was drowned by the upsetting of p boat. The deceased Mankiwec saw her in the Police Court, and soon afterwards married her. The woman was very much excited after the inquest, and on Satur day evening, in consequence of her threatening to kill herself, she was, by direction of Inspector Beaver, locked up on a charge of threatening to commit suicide. The following verdict was returned :-That the deceased, John Mankiwcz shot himself when of sound mind.-Australacicn. Some people are lucky (says the Melbourne Herald). It is said that mining investors do not make any money. The experience of a well-known squatter is the reverse. This gentleman has been, and is the happy;holder of 700 Long Tunnel shares. The Long Tunoel has paid £200 per share dividends; therefore he has received the sum of £140,000. Long Tunnel shares are now marketable at £120; therefore, were.this gentleman to sell out to-morrow, he would have obtained from Long Tunnel the sum of £932,000-over a quarter of a million-in a few years. A further improvement in the onstirestion of the 1 most popular of all musical Instrnmenta--thbe piano forte-was exhibited on Friday afternoon at Messrs Niebolson and eseherberg's, in Oollins-street east. The instrument was a "grand," by F. Ehrbar, of Vienna, and the speooial point wherein it displayed a higher development of ingenuity on the part of its construetor was in the mode of "stringing." -In ordi nary pianos the xeader knows that the end of the string, after passing over tbe' bridge," is rove through felt to prevent vibration, and fastened to a pin or peg, as the ease may be. In the instrument we speak of the felt is done away with, and the wire is supported before reaching the pin by a second "bridge," and with this result, namely, that when the wire is struck, to produce its normal tone, the extra length sustained between the two bridges vibrates in sympathy, and gives out its enharmonio sound, to the great increase of power, depth, brilliancy, and sweetness of the tone intended to be produced. Another improvement in this instrument is that the sonndboard is as nearly as possible made to represent the " belly" of a violin. Argus. Ta? MeiIssuo SnItr SreTnT[ORE.-In connection with the loes of the Strathmore there appears in the 1Manchester Guardian an extract from a letter written by Tlomaes'Henderson, of Messrs Brogden and Sons, New Zealand, which indicates the probable cause of the loss of that vessel. The letter is dated on board the Strathmore, 21st May, 1875, lettitude 4.20 north. The letter says,-" We got out of the channel beau tifully, but directly after we managed that a head wind came on, and continued for a fortnight, driving us right across to America. After that was finished we had a fair wind, but unluckily it has been so light the whole time that on some occasions we have not been going more than a quarter of a mile an hour. The vessel seems a capital one, and the captain and officers are very agreeable, but the crew are a nasty ill-condi tioned lot. When we had been about ten days out, they broaehed cargo, taking two or three cases of gin out of the hold, and were all consequently drunk the next day; and besides that, the day following they were in a state of insubordination, and refusced to turn to work; but it got settled in the course of time, and nothing further has been said about the matter, though I should hardly expect it will be allowed to drop altogether. The last few days we have been having boiling hot weather, and yesterday evening we had a thunderstorm. We are now only going from two to three knote an hour." 