IN THE CHURCHES. On Sunday references were made in most of \- the city and also in suburban churches, to the death of Mr. Harcus. .We append a number of reports : — - CLAYTON CHURCH, KENSINGTON. In the evenitfg the Rev. F. W. Cox preached a funeral sermon, on the late Mr. Harcus. -The rev. gentleman took for his text — ' Whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord's.' — | Romans xiv. 8. He said that he believed the ?! Apostle Paul used these words to indicate the broad liberal-minded charity which should be evinced- by men one towards the other on i matters of opinion and practice closely affecting | Christian life. There had been, among, the ! early Christians, as there was now, and as there j would be wherever free thought prevailed, to ; the end of time, contentions as regards foods, feasts, and festivals, -high. days :and holidays, and other . things, and on these matters the Apostle had been speaking, and on all these matters: he laid down the broad grand principle that while they were. not to allow others to ? judge them on these matters, they were not themselves to be judges. They were not to lord themselves over *-ne another, but they . . were to be brothers, and all subjects of one Lord. And he thought it was to prove the undivided supremacy of our Lord that the words 'live' and 'die' had been placed by the Apostle in.^pppsition.to one.jinother. But apart from this, there was a deeper meauing .and a large truth.in thewprds ; and it would be a blessed thing if . all present could say that they ^were wholly the disciples of, and believers . in the Lord Jesus Christ. Lifej death, andj eternity were the themes presented by the! text; and the subjects— life- and death— were worthy of ifche highest thought and the noblest i philosophy; andiJiough apparently so opposed to each bwier, really jnade a harmonious whole ? , resulting in eternity. In proof of this doctrine - ^that things apparently totally oppdsed to each ; . other^'when brcugnt in contactj-produced har ; mohy, 'strength/ and beauty— the rev- ' gentle- : ' man gave; some ' beautiful illustrations, and then, went on ^to isay -thatt-it was dnly natural death' should be looked upon as a per plexing mystery, and one which must cast gloom on the. living. And on too many it cast a gloom whichpressed in upon the souls, .- and kept them all their liyes in bondage through ,. the fear cf death. But they .must put aside the x gloomy picture of the Old Testament, as given *-y Solomon and otiier writers, who seemed to , . look with utter hopelessness on what was to. : .:- comeafter the . grave* and look upon what was r - revealed in the New Testament; living with - all our powers and faculties «t full play, with - all we loved, around us, with the calls of life j and of charity and self-denial, and with, to the - healthful minded, the actual struggle of life t . cheering one on to hope well of the future. We' mights perhaps be' inclined -with Job to look upon !death as a land of utter darkness where . even the light was darkness., But they must ? not look upon death as- being a chamber frpra . - which there was no outlet, but as simplya vesti-; ~ bule through which one passed to higher ..- regions, as the second - transition to a nobler , and a better -state— our birth -being the first-: . transition— to something higher and nobler .. than we could have ever imagined, The, rev. .. gentleman then in strong terms, showed that it r was the dutjtof every man to live so as to be; - ready to die for eternity, pointing out the' ? danger of putting a wrong -construction on the ?. r salvation;of the dying thief and leaving every- - thing to the last in the hope that the consola tion of religion : would ensure an enti-ance to ?:. heaven, and^f the absurdity and inconsistency - , of trying to five two lives^-^one for business and . r the other forreligion. Reason, revelation, and s - the calls of Providence showed them how neces sary it was to. be always ready for death. - During the past-week there had been' such a call. .- of Providence, and yesterday they had stood at the open grave side, and mingled with kindred : dust the remains of one who had been near and dear to many there that night. He had been very near to them asa church. Many and oft a ; time had he, from where he (Mr. Cox) was now , standing,called them to follow in thefootsteps of s the Saviour. They could recollect that, and also - how he had been within their social circles, how - he had prayed by the bedside of the sicjr, - given consolation to the dying, and faithfully r held up to them what was their duty as - Christians. He would ask them to recal all that they had heard him say.andlay it to heart. And there were-some there -that night who had lost a kind and loving father, one who had led . them at. the family altar to the throne . of God, and who had striven his best '. to . make : them men and citizens ; and though they had no earthly father left, there was a Father in heaven, and a Saviour who. would help, and protect them, if they would but call on him for aid. And society would ; lose by his death. A useful and valuable citizen had gone— -me, too, whom in his par- . ticularwalkinlife.it would be most difficult, lie believed, to replace. And he, too, had lost a ~fr personal friend, one whom he had. known before they both came to this lan'd, . and one with ' whom he had once been intimate. 'Latterly, ; however,, .they ..had npjb seen so Much of each other as might have been desired/ but. perhaps ~ that might be owing to the fact that of fete' years there had been a divergence in their, lines of professional life, and both had been too busy to spare the time for. intercourse. When the divergence in their lines of life took place, he had'* disagreed 'with their departed brother as to his ?' ?course of action, and had given him his reasons J for the disagreement j' but he mus^ ^ay^ that'; though they liad ' differed' on. this.: joint his '. I jregard and esteem for .Ms -friend' had' netJSi? bee^.f jlessened. ?; Andhe.rmust. sayjthat the prefes yrSs I fthe ? highiest; and. 'the noblest calling' that 'a / iman could engage:lp, so lobg.as 5t.was coil- ' : ducted .on -,hign principles— ^so long, he meant, % :as the lordship of Christ was supreme over him1' who wielded the, editorial , pen— and so long as ^ ithere was ia .striving for ^'all that was right, hoblfeyi pure, iandJjust, in all matters that, came fenJV ''- witffin- the range 'of .'-current' journalisin. '? J3&\ .believed thatrthe, prof essipn pf a journalist had ' Uts peculiar peiiW^^u^jlhere was. no professiph [ which was; not surrounded with its .own pecu- f 4iar t'em'ptatipns, ^ind those -wiio belonged ^to ' ! them khewthem.p'erhaps better than those iihat'f (were outside.1'; But such being the case, it was: all the more necessary that men of the highest f 'moral fibre should wield affairs in secular^ professions; and he could not' help recollect^ ing that this colony stood in the enviable position that there was no antagonism between .; ministers of ^religibn and the secular press, ' but that the one helped the other, and he be-' ! lieved that this harmony, was due to the power ful influence that .had 'been exercised by Mr. : Harcus on the side of all that was good. There ; fore he would only say that yesterday they had : consigned his remains to kindred dust, there to slumber till the trump of judgment should usher Tiim into immortality. The rev. gentle re an' then in an eloquent, peroration exhorted ; all so to live that they' might die fitted for' eternity. The service was opened with' the' chant ' I will arise.' The lessons werea portion : of the 11th and tiie 12th chapters of the'. Ecclesciastes and a portion |6f the 15th chapter, of the gcepel by St. Matthew. The church was full. y' '. PIK1E-STEEET CHTTECH. ' * The Rev. Samuel Knight, who officiated hi the morning, before commencing his sermon ; said : — ' During the past week' the city has been bereaved of one. who was long known among its citizens as a leader of public opinion. On Friday week he looked in his usual health,1 though somewhat sombre. '- On Sunday we' heard Mr. Harcus is ill'; Monday, Mr. Harcus is' worse ; Tuesday and Wednesday, sinking ; and on Thursday, Mr. Harcus is dead^-dead in the midst of Ms days, with every natural gift ' matured for public usefulness, speaking through ; an organ increasing every day in circulation \ and influence. Ever friendly to the religious ? interests of the country, he had obtained* a \ status which gave boldness to all his utterances j ' and we hoped to see him 6tep forth from his \- chamber, strengthened in the higher aim which : comes of sanctified suffering; but he is taken away, and Christianity in South Australia has lost a friend; one who never penned aline inimical to its interests, who nobly helped to give to the'press of this colony its Imexception able tone, who never dealt in inuendo (more dangerous than flat denial) and never sought to violate the sanctities of moral law by breaking down reverence for the Sabbath day. The press of South -Australia, owes much to such men, and the community owes much to such a press. Whatever isigns of political animus we may find in pur journals, we cannot complain 'of denominational prejudice or injustice to what is godly, and pure. Temperauce, morality, religion, and order find equal championship; and if not as positive on all subjects as- some would like, they are not adverse and unfriendly. ? . To, such men as the late Mr.: Harcus we owe it that .the newspapers of South; Australia are free from that vicious in terference with conscientious, scruples that : characterises some organs of our neighbors. Some of us may deplore the fact, that .gifted ministers' forsake the most sacred and un worldly of callings . for any |ecular, pursuits, but. we have known communities afflicted with ' such a partisan press, so insidious and baneful 'as to -justify the separation of the ablest pastors fitrai their .holy! office to save the national con victions, from being undermined by scepticism and irreverence for what is godly and religions. Let us freely own our debt to Mr. Harcus ; and while we may not. indulge in panegyric of his ? talents or his social qualities; where the cause of religion and morality receives service, let the Christian societies freely acknowledge the debt, and pay willing tribute to those who work for God and humanity in any sphere. We have .prayed for the comfort of those bereaved of : their tenderest earthly friend. Let us com mend'themvto the loving-kindness of God, and the kindly offices of sympathising friends,, who will stand in the place of God as far as earthly friendship can solace them. The Rev.-H. T. Burgess preached in thceven ing front-^-*' Is ;there no balm in Gilead^-Js there no physician there? Why then -is. the health of the daughter of my people - not re covered ?'?— Jer, -viii. 22. The ? subject Jod hini to remark on the prevalence] of vice and immo rality in various forms, and. the damage done by evil both on individuals and communities. He urged the need of adopting thcrembd^l measures which the GhospeLprpvided witbj5ut ' delay; and in drawing attention to the adino ? y _wt≠*event -dd3JP^'^nsp*fed during the - ' 'past&feelt; I^jMiirtifcdisiiSBS Jwiifi itnere passing - \- *Uasl©tt. Xi^«^*t»^fcfe^«^ 'which *lieciiyhaa : «ustftifea ill the a«9^6f=1lffr. W. Harcus. The : posi^^ TwMch ?Mr^^;Htoba¥-K*upiei as editor ~ p^-aaay^pe*;!r^d£*^liiia fa'prOmiiient and inflrifehti&l; mediber- *-f the-TOmmunity,andone wh(^^o«-TsiJr be deeply ^eplored. The im \- porfence 'of-his ^j^tio* ^an- ?scarcdy be orerr : *viiSW- ljB'g6'5exfeiit^iy tb» dnrxent literature whi* ^vaUs^ite jnidfit.- lit iB not only nio difi^ by theldii«* toa forni&Lhitierances; of au^^^no^guife ^tifctfc opinion, butiythe : general torfewJuch-jB^doptedj' It is matter for. thankfulness that the- conduct: of the secular press Of this city has been fop many years in $66' ? hands of -those* who have employed it itf'the interests of religion and morality. In iihis -Tespect it compares mbstfavorably both vitii Baffle of the other colonies and -with many other part» of the Triwlfc No^necantelThow much of Sabbath desecration,' open- immorality, and avowed disregard of sacred things has been prevented by the attitude of the leading news- . papers towards these subjects. Atheistic litera- -tnre and immoral newspapers in other countries iiave vitiated the moral Atmosphere and poisoned their social life.- ; Perhaps as a people -we have not much to boast of , but we have no ?doubt been spared much humiliation. I gladly embrace the opportunity of expressing my con viction that the cause of religion owes much, not' only to the absence of any hostile spirit on ?the-part of1 the' daily journals, but to the fact that the principles of truth and righteousness, purity^ and virtue, usually receive from them powerful support. Among those who have en ?deavored to imbue society with a healthy moral tone, the late Mr. Harcus occupied an honored and honorable position. Of his general cha racter I need say but little. It will be sketched elsewhere by other and abler hands ; but I may say that those who knew him most intimately were those who valued him most highly. His strict adherence to what he believed to be the truth, his fearlessness in exposing abuses, his unblemished integrity, and his boldness in ad vocating what he deemed to be right, are traits vrhich will long be remembered.' STOW CHURCH. The Bev. W. Boby Fletcher, M.A., preached in, the morning from the words ' Our Saviour Jesus Christ, who has abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the Gospel.'— H. Timothy, i. 10. After re ferring to. the. recent death of Mrs. William Giles, one of the earliest members of the church, and of the Eev. A. M. Henderson, who was the first to preach withiniihe walls of Stow Church, the rev. gentleman went on to say — ' This colony lias been called to pass through what we' must ?call a public bereavement in the sudden and unexpected death of one of the leaders of its common life. No man was better known in Adelaide than him whom we must to- day call * thej late' Mr. Harcus. No man's depar ture from 'us could cause a gap more keenly felt or more difficult to fill. Though not favored with a long acquaintance with him, yet what I did know of him, led me to deem liim a personal, friend, and what I have seen and heard of his work has induced me to esteem him highly for that work's sake. In our ?day, and especially in a young land like this, no man can over-estimate the importance of the press in moulding opinion, in checking false sen timent, in uninaskingspcialshams,and inguiding the common weal of the nation. Mr. Harcus felt the truth of this, and obeying his cause, devoted himself to this modern mode of uttering the convictions that stirred within him. He did his duty wisely and well. Hepreached'with his pen against all that he deemed! hostile to the political and social progress of the colony. He feared no foe in the discharge of his duty, and In the consciousness of doing what he deemed right, felt, as I personally know, the Burden of Ills' calling as a sacred thing. I am not here to defend or to call in question the course which he pursued in politics, but 1 dp wish to utter . my protest against the idea tliat because a man is. called of God to the ministry of the gospel, that therefore . he is to cease to feel, to speak, and to act in the grand drama of the nation's work ; because a man is a .minister, is he any ifeelessaman, a citizen? I do not argue for the creation of a race .of * political clergymen,' for unless under peculiar circumstances one called to the holy duties of the pastorate feels that that work is enough for any man's heart and brain and energy; but I do think that in questions of public morality, in all political struggles, in which the ethical purity of tlie nation's cause is involved, that the preacher of the gospel has no right to be silent. Because he Is a student of the Bible, because he is a man of prayer, because he is fired with a holy ardor of Christian patriotism, he is ?called to exercise as wide an influence as he. can command. Like the prophets off. olden time, ' he must take up the burdens of the land, anoV bear them bravely. The most fervent piety is the parent of the purest patriotism, as all history will prove. It was the love of God that inspired the political orations of Isaiah and Jeremiah, as it was the same love in the days of our boyhood that banded together 700 ministers to work a repeal of the iniquitous corn laws of England. But it Is rather the fact that he that was so recently among us, bearing the burden and heat of the ?day, is suddenly called, away, that impresses us .all above any other thought that enchains us to-day. He is gone, that is enough — gone to his TMaker, his Saviour, his Friend, and his Judga. In the grave at Clayton we leaye his. ashes, and of his spirit we say ' God accept him — Christ receive him.' CHAXMEBS CHUBCH. . At the commencement of the sermon in the ?evening, the Rev. Professor Davidson said he had heard from various quarters that some thing like a funeral sermon on the death of ?Mr. Hareus, which was deeply lamented by many of those present, was expected from him. He, however, felt that were he to attempt anything ?of the kind, the task would be more than his spirits were equal to. He mentioned as singular that 10 weaks ago, when the one who was now departed occupied, that pulpit, he took as a text the first two verses of the chapter which now occurred in the regular course of their Sunday evening meditations. That was Mr. Harcus's subject in the morning, and in the evening his discourse was based pa the words — 'If a man die, shall he live again?' — Job =riv., 14. The Professor spoke of his admiration for Sir. Harcus as a preacher, and his great re gard for him as a personal friend. The sermon which followed was on tha ' Resurrection.' st. Andrew's chukch. There was a large attendance of worshippers ?on Sunday morning. The Rev. J. Henderson 'selected as his .text the words — ' His eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated.' — Deute- ronomy xxxiv., 7. In concluding his discourse the rev. gentleman said — These reflections have, in part, been suggested by the sudden removal of one who for a long period held honorable relations to the social, political, and religious institutions of this city and province. The tieatli of Mr. Harcus comes upon us with a more arresting power, not only from the cir cumstance that it was sudden,* or that he has been called away in the midst of his usefulness, -with his physical and mental powers in the full maturity of their strength ; but that it seems to add one more to the many evidences we have recently had of ? a speciality of lesson — a directness of divine appeal to us as a community and people. Recall to mind the bereavements we have recently sustained. Have they not been of men holding prominent positions, and whose presence among us seemed almost indispensable to our well being and progreBs? Our leading men are 'being smitten. Men whose names and influence seemed interwoven with all' our interests are 'being removed. The body-politic is being smitten 'where it is most sensitive, and -so smitten that 'the remotest nerve pulsates to the stroke. Death selects the high places among us. Is it that he may have a wider range .of spectators, and that his terrible work may be more fully observed and more deeply pandered? But if props and pillars thus 'fail, is it not that we roar look to the foundations? If the streams are dried, is it not that we may approach the 'Tonntaiflperer'freBn and-ereHtnll-?- -^i inthese things we near impressively thejoice, ^Cteass ye from man whose breath is.inliis nostrils,* is* it not that with reverence and docility of mind we receive the instructions of 'Him who in habiteth, eternity and its praises whose nams is holy?, ? ?;,??? .,'.-..:...'. . ? . . FKE3U V.'i'KfilAK CHT/BCH, FLINIMSRS-STEEET.T The Rev. James Lyall, in'the morning, took -as his text— 'For the kingdom of God is not *. meat and drink ; but righteousness, and psaca, - andjoy in the'H61y Ghost.' — Romans, xiv., 17. He [said during the discourse— *' We should remember that' our time is short, and that our' ? opportunities for' glorifying God in this way ? are being rapidly abridged. How iiaipressively this consideration lias been set' before us of late by the sudden removal of several prominent citizens. Yesterday some of us assisted in showing tlie last -tokens of respect^ to one held in high, estimation, and who wielded a powerful influence in this community1 — one who has, in the course of a few days, been laid prostrate by a fell disease. This is noi the place to speak of his character, or to estimate the value of his work. Yet this I will say, that for the highly creditable way in which the newspaper press ' i$ conducted, and for the respectful manner in . which it treats all moral and religious questions, this community. is greatly indebted to him and to his compeers in that department of literature. It is something for which we can not be too thankful to have a newspaper press ever ready to expose abuses and to defend the right; but the point to which I wish especially ?to allude is the lesson which his removal after '? such a short illness addressee to us all. .Nine days ago he was engaged in his wonted avoca tion, and now he has been laid to rest among the clods of the valley. Brethren, the time is short. Let us do our work faithfully in the sight of God, working under the shadow of an ever-impending night. Let us endeavor more than ever to cultivate that practical godliness mentioned in the text.' METHODIST KEW CONNEXION CHURCH. The Rev. M. J. Birks at the evening service, said-—' I shall ask 'the members of the congre gation to depart for a few moments from the usual form of service. Before delivering the sermon prepared for this evening, I would call vour attention to the great loss sustained by this citv. in the death of Mr. W. Harcus, J.P. 'We are constantly reminded of the ravages of death, and those filling positions of high responsibility and trust are called away, as well as those walk ing in humbler spheres of life. Unfortunately, for me, having only been in the colony for a short period, it was not my pleasure to be inti mately acquainted with Mr. Harcus. In fact I never spoke to him, but the mere seeing of him impressed me favorably. I do not know that the death of a comparative stranger ever pro duced such an effect upon my mind. Ever since his death, my thoughts have frequently turned to the loss this city has Been called to sustain, and I think it only fitting that we should pay a tribute of respect to one so highly esteemed, and justly esteemed. We think of the departed one as a man of moral worth as well as of intellectual ability. The Chris tian church has lost one of its pulpit ornaments, as the press has lost one of its trusted and trustworthy editors. His manly bearing, and his beamiug, open, cheerful countenance will be sadly missed from our ranks. May God raise up many worthy successors ! God buries His workmen, but carries on His work. The veil of inscrutable mystery often falls before us ; still we are confident that. He doeth all things well. In these matters we cannot fathom the depth of the Divine proceedings, so that we must waifc until a future state enlarges our vision and dispels our ignorance. The work of the de parted one on earth was finished, and he has gone to reap his reward and to perfect his being in heaven.' In conclusion, Mr. Birks asked all present to allow their sympathies to go oat towards the bereaved family and to join him in prayer. . 