A DOCTOR'S BTORY. (Ebom the Australian Journal.) I am a doctor, and live in an unfashionable part of Sydney because I find it a better place for a young physician's practice than the more fashionable streets. Tihe word " doctor" is a talisman for poor folks. They do not wait to ask, " What reputation has he P" They hurry to the nearest sign. Besides, poor people are oftener ill oftener break their limbs, and have more sick children at a time than those who are better off. My patients were little shopkeepers, poor mechanics, labourers, and eveon beggars. The latter, of course, paid me nothing, though they showered blessings on me by the bushel. The poorer they were the oftener they sent for me, and on the smallest pre tences. I had been in my present office two years, and had never had a patient from the more aristocratio ciroles, when one night about half-past 11 I was startled by a violent ring at my bell, and having just composed myself for a nap, after a hard day's work, I cannot say the summons was agreeable. However, I ran to my window at once, and thrusting my head out into the rain, cried : " Who is there P" A voice answered: " Only I, doctor. It's an urgent case. Please come down to the door." The tone of the answer surprised me. The form " only I" was still more astonishing, for grammar was not a favourite accomplishment in that neighbourhood. That a lady spoke I felt sure-a lady of education and refinement. I harried down stairs and opened the door. There stood, in the full light of the hall-lamp, an elderly lady dressed in mourning. Her face, though wrinkled, was very fine in feature. Her hair was arranged in elegant puffs under a handsome bonnet. She put out the smallest of hands in a fine black kid glove, and said piteously: "Are you the doctor ?" "Yes," I said. "Then come with me," said she. "Don't delay. It's life or death. Oome." I hurried on my dver-coat, caught up my umbrella, and offering myarm to the old lady, walked down the street with her. "You must be my guide, madam," I said. "I do not know where you live." She instantly gave me a street and number that surprised me still more. It was the most aristocratio quarter of the city. " Who is ill, madam," I inquired-" a grown per son or a child P" "A young lady-my daughter," said hse. "Suddenly P" "Yes, suddenly," she answered. "Do you keep a gig P You should have Ihad it out if youn do. We would have been able to go fast" " I keep no conveyance," I said. \- Perhaps you are poor P" said she eagerly. "C ertainly not rich," I said. "Care her, and I'll make you rich," she said, in a sort of suppressed shriek--"cure her, and I'll give you anything you ask. I don't care for money. I'm rolling in gold. Cure her, and I'll shower it on you." "Yea are excited, madam', I said. "Pray be aslm." " Calm!" she said--"oalm I but you don't know a mother's heart." We had reachedthe street she had indicated,and were at the door of one of its finest mansions. The old lady asended the steps, and opened the door with a latch. key. A low light burnt in the halls another in one of the three, parloure, the furniture of which was draped and shrouded in white linen. " Wait here, sir, if you please," she said, as she led me into one of these. "I'll see if my daughter is pre pared for your visit:'. And with a sweeping courtesy she glided away, and I heard her garments rustle up the stairs in a ghostly sort of fashion. Doctors are not ased to be kept 'waiting long. I waited what I thought a most unreasonable time in those gloomy parlours. I began to crow a little ner vous, and to wonder what it all meant, when a step, very different to the old lady's, was heard upon the stairs, and a stout, short, red-faced woman bustled into the parlour. " I beg your pardon, sir,"' she said in a singular tone, such as one who had committed a speech to memory might use; "but my lady, the lady who brought you, is very nervous, and was needlessly alarmed. She begs your acceptance of the customary fee, and there is no need of your services." Thus speaking, she banded me a sovereign, courte lied, and opened the door for me. I bowed, enpressed my pleasure that the patient was better, and departed. It was a queer sort of adventure, but rather amus ing than otherwise; besides, I had my fee. I went home and slept soundly. I arose early next morning, and made a visit before breakfast. Returning, to my astonishment I found sitting in my oeice the lady of the night before. She arose as I entered. " What must -you think of me P" she said. "But no matter. My daughter is very dear to me, and I have beard of your skill. She is worse again. Can you cail some time to- day, as early as possible, at my house P" "I will be there in an hour," I said. The old lady took out her purse. "I am an Englishwoman," she said. I retain Eng lish habits. In my day the doctor received his fee on the spot. It was in ordinary cases a guinea. Will you receive it now P" I did not know what to say, but she laid the money on the table and departed. I ate my breakfast, and, having spruced myself up carefully, made my way to the old lady's house. I rang the bell. The door was opened by the stout female who had dismissed me the night before. "The doctor," I said by the way of explanation. "Ah !" said she, "HHas missue called you in again F" '.Yes," I answered. "There's no need, I assure you, air," she said "I can't really ask you in. It's a whim of misesu's. I'm a better judge of illness than she. No need of a doctor." " But since the old lady called me in I must senthe patient," I said. U Beg your pardon, I've orders to admit no one," sabe answered, and shut the door softly in my face. . I left the house of course, partly in anger, partly in amazement. . Could there be some plan on the part of the old woman to keep medical assistance from some unhappy patient whose death would serre her purposes P I asked myself this question for several days ; then I forgot the matter. Two weeks passed by, when, lo! the old lady appeared again. She walked into my parlour, dressed as before, as greatly agitated, as carefully polite. "Sir," she said, "again I trouble you. My poor, poor daughterl Oome at onie." " Madam," I answered, "it is a physician's duty, as it should be his pleasure, to obey each calls, but you are aware that I have been sent from your door twice without seeing the patient P Allow me to nsk you a question. Are you the mistress of the house P" "Heaven knows I am," said the old lady. I have lived there for forty years. I own it. I am the only person under that roof who has the right to give an order." "And that person that sent me away P' " My old servant Margaret." " Did she do it at your order P" "No, air: it was a piece of presumption. But Margaret means well. She loves us." "Then, Madam, if I accompany you, I shall see the patient P" "Assuredly, sir." I put on my hat again, and we went out of the house together. We exchanged very few words as we walked through the streets. At the door of the mansion the old lady paused. "Don't mind Margaret," she whispered, "she means well'." Then sboe sconded the steps. At the last one, the door was opened to us by the woman I had twice seen before. "The doctor must see my child, Margaret," said the old lady. Margaret stepped back. " Walk in, air," was all she said. The old lady beckoned me to follow her. I did so. She went up stairs and opened the first door we came to. It was an empty bed-room. She closed it with a sigh. The next room into which she led me was also empty. So were all the others. In effect we visited six apartments, only one of which seemed to be regularly oeeupled as a sleeping apartment; and at the last the old lady turned to me with a strange glitter in her eyes. "Stolen," she said; "stolen-somebody has stolen my girl. Sir, do you know I think it must be Satan." Then a steady step crossed the hall. Margaret came in, and the old lady, bursting into teare, suffered her to lead her away. As I made my way down.stairs Margaret.rejoinea me. "You understand it now," she said. "You see my mistress is not in her right mind P" " I do, indeed," I said. "She had a daughter once," said Margaret, "and the girl-a pretty creature of sixteen-ran away with abad man. She came back home one day and begged forgiveness ; her mother turned her from the door;in a fury. It was night ; the rain and hail beat down on the poor thing, and the wind buffeted her. There is no knowing what happened that night; but, next morning, she lay dead in the polioc.olfee. Her mother's addroes was pinned on her baby's clothing, and they brought her home. From that awful day, sir, my mis tress- who in her remorse and delirium called in twenty doctors tobring her dead daughter to life--has always been doing what she has done to you. I try to keep the secret generally, but some find out, and others think odd things of us. I thought I would let you know the truth. If she contrives to come again to you, you can always promise to sell, and so be rid of her. Poor soul! she has nobody in the world but me now. She's punished for her hardness at any rate, and you'll excuse her conduct." I bowed. I could say nothing. Margaret opened the door for me, and I walked into the fresh air. As I looked back on the house, with all its elegance, it seemed to me to have a haunted air, as though the ghost of the poor girl still hovered about. " God only knows how many fearful secrete such splendid homes may at times shut in," I said to myself, and I turned my back upon it gladly. I have never seen the poor oldlady since that hour; probably Margaret has kept too close a watch upon her. 