ADELAIDE. Monday. Mr. Henry Taylor, an old colonist, died suddenly. The report of small-pox having broken out at Wallaroo has alarmed the Health Board. Dr. Gorse, the president, proceeded to the spot, and found that it was a case of chicken-pox. Five thousand bushels of wheat sold at 5s. 5d. A great demand has sprung up for cornsacks ; 1300 bales sold at 7s. 9d. to Ss. Holders now ask 8s. 6d. Struck by Lightning.—Mr. James O'Hal loran, a farmer at Warrahkook (says the Hamilton Spectator) was sitting near an open window reading a newspaper, when the window was struck by light- ning, and the blind was set on fire. He immediately fetched a bucket of water, threw the contents over the flames, and extinguished the fire. Hot Weather in Queensland.—The War- rego correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, writing under date November 11, says:—The drought con- tinues, and appearances at present are much worse than last year -* commencement of summer, for then there was a spring in iw grass, whereas now there is not the ghost of such a thing. The heat is fearful. The quicksilver for the last ten days has registered an average of 105° in the shade—maxi- mum 110°, minimum 102°. These readings are from thermometers in Charleville and on the Paroo and Bulloo. If rain do not come soon, it will be very dis- astrous for a large number of persons in this district. Out west the water is failing rapidly, and many squat- ters on the Bulloo and Paroo are already " dried out," and have had to travel their stock. Heat, flies, and dust are too severe to allow me to say any more. Death of the Oldest Resident.—Mr. James Francis, the father of Mr. John Francis, of Wambrook, died at his residence at the patriarchal age of 98 years. For upwards of forty years (says the Monaro Mercury) he had been a resident of the district of Manaro, throughout which, especially in the early times, he was known by the familiar title of " Acushla." He was a famous wrestler in his young days. From what we can learn it is generally believed that the late Mr. James Francis was one of the earliest (if not the earliest) settlers on Monaro, where he was well respected. The Opera.—The present production of "Faust" has evidently delighted the lovera of music, and the third representation of the opera last night attracted again a very large audience. The perfor- mance was exceedingly good, and in some respects even improved, while the principal artists are gaining surely on public favour. Signor Cesari's Mefistofele is a good piece of acting, and his voice is stronger and more expressive than on his first appearance. By the way he must, one would almost think, be a believer in mesmerism, from the way in which he uses his hands in the temptation scene in the fourth act. He does not suggest horrible thoughts to Margherita's ear, but boldly stands at a distance and makes magnetic passes at her. Whether or not this be a new reading it is certainly very ingenious, and a good deal of the same style is noticeable in the other scenes wherein Mefistofele powerfully tempts his victims All the main features of this opera have now been touched upon. There is but little doubt of its repetition, once at least, before the season closes, and it must always command a welcome. To-night " Il Barbiere " is to be produced. Victoria Theatre.—A. new drama entitled "The Brothers," by Mr. E. Lewis Scott, was produced at this theatre yesterday evening. The drama was, we understand, originally written for Mr. J. K. Emmet. There is abundance of incident in the play, which seems to be fairly constructed and well arranged for effect. Klaus the hero, and Ernst (Mr. Fulford) are brothers, but very differently brought up. The latter has had all the advantages of education, the former is rough, preserves his Dutch accent and his brusqueness of manner. Ernst, who is entangled by an adventuress, Camilla (Miss Pixley) ; in league with a swindler, Brand Walton (Mr. Booth) ; is engaged to be married to Rosa (Miss Myra Kemble). Ernst has written some foolish letters to Camilla, which, from revenge, she refuses to hand back unless upon the payment of a large sum of money ; and he, to obtain them, forges the name of Rosa's father to a cheque for the sum required. Of course, having received this Carlotta refuses to give them up without a still larger reward. Meantime Walton, who wishes to marry Rosa, discovers the forgery and intends to use it for his own purposes. But all through Camilla and Walton are watched by Klaus and his partner in the greengrocery business, Pat Clancy (Mr. B. N. Jones), and they resolve to expose the plot. Klaus gets the letters from Camilla by threatening to expose her former career, and having borrowed a cheque for the amount of the forged one from Mr. Falkner changes the one for the other, and thus foils Walton. The moral is, that a rough exterior and an ignorant mind, animated by a good motive, will rise superior to refinement when affected by indecision of character. There are parts in the drama which might be judiciously altered, but there is also a great deal that is very good, and it might with a little trouble be made into a useful play. Mr. Scott was called before the curtain at the end of each act, and loudly applauded. Those who took part in the performance, especially those already named, deserve also favour- able mention-Miss Pixley, Mr. B. N. Jones, and Miss Myra Kemble. The burlesque of Fra Diavolo concluded the performance. 