THE GALLANT MAJOR. No.I. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &c.;, CILGAL. SIR,-The unhappy "Major" is in a sad state. On reading his string of reckless assertions I was reminded of the lamentations of Jeremiah. Poor Marius amongst the ruins, could not lament his bitter fate .more than did. the ‘.‘.Major," when he received 1 the' words Quick, march ” frothy the' .Treasury' benches.'; The “Major;” has always been-consistent, very! what role has he not played? JSTo w his soul is all,on fire, arid ■ eager for the fray, against that wicked combination that deprived .him., of the . “Egyptian flesh pots.” Bajenit in his iron cage, was meekly submissive;'but the “Major” metaphorically brandishes his sword and like Satan after iris expulsion..from. .Heaven, breathes threatenings and slaughter agiirist all and-, sihgular-TTof the -wicked people who ousted him’frqm office,,; Rather,; peculiar,., this on, the, part, of the’ “-Major,” he having ousted the M'CuUobhMinistry.‘in' 1871 by-voting against a property- tax.—lfarisdrd, Xitlr June, 1871, p. 569, The Ministry of, Mr Dufly-then came into office and the “ Major,” was left “out in the' cold;’.’ Mr Berry being Treasurer and Minister of Customs in the new Administration. .On Saturday night the “ Major ”, complacently informed its that when Mr Berry was turned but of office With Mr (then) Duffy,.he, left r an,, overflowing treasury., But how? by increasing the duties from - 12' to’ 22 percent. How, let me ask who aided .tp oust Mr Berry and Mr Duffy , from , office)- although the Treasury was full, to overflowing? The' .“ Major,",-to be sure. He was persistent in his attacks, night.after', night on the two .gentlemen referred,to,|.arid finally voted with the majority that busted them from office. The Francis Ministry was next forined, but the Major, as. usual, was left out.-.''lmmediately,he wentrintp opposition, .and. ever since has voted to . bust" every 'Ministry that has been in office save Mr‘B’efry)s,'when: the latter gentleman, threw , a sop to Cerberus,'arid" gave, him the'Mines. I will, riot now go-into the details.of how the “Major ” .was denounced by the' Ballarat Press for' his tergiversation and aelf-sel lirig' propensity, or his escapade, in the Alfred- Hall when' he gave his; audience “ leg bail,” and) bid -his diminished head beneath the platform. - Some men go wrong with an ingenious skill. Bend the straight rule to their own croaked will; And with a dear and s .bring lampsupplied, First put it out, then take it for a guide, Hailing on cratches of unequal size. One leg by truth supported, one by lies, They sidle to the goativith awkward pace, ■ ■ Secure of nothing—hut to lose the race. But we are informed that Sir James M'Culloch. voted against the Francis and the Kerferd Ministry. So did Major Smith and Mr Berry, and the whole of the late" Ministers. How, it was very wicked of M'Cullooh to do so, but rational people will say that.it was equally as wicked for the “ Major " and his friends to do what Sir James did. In fact, they were rowing in the same boat. At all events, the Keiferd cum Service Ministry went out, and-. Mr Berry ; was ; duly commissioned to form a Ministry, and carefully .did. the “Major” shepherd him the necessary incubation. Wheri Mr Berry corisulted Sir James'.M‘CullQcb; and offered him office, the Major’s ghost was bodily pre-f sent; when he corisulted Mr: Macpherson,’ there was the “Major” in propria persona. Indeed,i.both of the former could riot get in a'word; and Mr Berry was under the necessity of hinting that his conversa tion with Mr Macpherson was of a private -nature. But the• climax Was peached' when McCulloch.'and Kerferd united, at the solicitation of forty-two mem bers, to kuep up the credit of the colony in the London market, to place men of position and standing in the various -offices, and not permit I the-Cleons of; society to possess themselves of the high places. Ais a matter of course, if was no;offence for Mr Grant and Mr Longmore arid the “ Major” to take office with Mr Berry and aocept him for their leader;- although they refused to have him as Treasurer of the Boffy'Ministry.' — At'least the two former did, and forced him to resign, for something to which I will not refer; arid - the latter, the gallant Major, by his vote, helped to oust “tlie Ministry'of which Messrs Longinore and Grant were but there could be nothing wicked norsensitively vulgar - in the “Major" easting in his lot with'the late Ministry. In fact, it was the height of patriotism, . It was done in the interests of. the people. -If was the acme of statesmanship; but then it was horribly wicked for Kerferd and . M'Culloch to .unite on .a broad and common platform.' According to the gospel'afcer the Major, what is sauce'for the goose is not sauce for the gander. Ah! but only 80,000 acres of land are left for 40,000 miners) lugubriously exclaimed the “ Major ” bn Saturday night.'Will J the gallant “Major” tell us who helped to'squeeze-, out the miner? Who aided the Clarkes'arid Learcrioriths, so deploringly bewailed by Mr Trench, to get ; ,their big estates—who helped the Adatases; arid the'Moffatts, and the Chirriaides ? Let us be enlightened on this point. .Come forth Mr Francis Longmore, member for Ripon and Hampden, arid- pray enlighten us on this subject, although you were.a. recent colleague, of the “Major’s.” “ Good God, MrSpeaker, iriy blood boils when ! hear the bon. member for Ballarat West (Major Smith) speaking of our Land laws. 1 I was at Beaufort when I saw him running away from.an infuriated crowd at a land sale; His hat was knocked off, and he had to take refuge from the mob,” Mr W. M. K. : Vale,- another disinterested person, in reply to an ejacula-’ turn of the "Major’s, respecting Mr Vale’s “land' being all right, I suppose;" Hansard, page 2287, 18th. Hovember, : 1873, retorted as follows;—“ I have nothing to say about the squatting proclivities. )of bon, members, about transactions in land offices, or anything of,the kind. ;.I have no knowledge ori that subject to compare with that of thehbn. member for Ballarat West (Major Smith). I never selected an inch' of laud, arid for any I bought at auctiori I paid the fair bidding price. Certainly 1 never paid the hon. member a commission not to bid against me;” The “ Major’s” occupation, like Othello’s, is now gone, and he turns round arid endeavors to rend those who .formerly put money, in bis purse. Wat Tyler was a true patriot in comparison with the Major, who is now endeavoring to fool the multitude to the top of their bent. .His new-blown liberalism will .not wash,; He is: playing the role of Jack Cade, and - his jokes are as stale'its the days of Henry YL To paraphrase the Major’s .prototype, I think! hear the gallant member for Bal larat West exclaim, ;“There shall be sold in Ballarat -West, especially, seven halfpenny loaves for.one penny; the three- hooped pot shall have ten hoops, and;! will make it feloriy to drink small- beer; all the.realrii shall be in'common, and in Cheapside shall, my palfrey, go to grass.- 