Tffi TWO DESTINIES. A ROMANCE. By Wileie Collins. ~ [The author gives notice tiiat he has protected his tight of translation, by registering this work in all foreign countries which have sin* international copy right with England.] Chapter XXXH.— The' Physician's Opinion; Six months have elapsed. Summer-time has come again. The last parting is over. Prolonged by J my care, the days of my mother's life have I come to their end. She has died in niy arms ; J her last words have been spoken to me, her I last look on earth has been mine. I am j now, in the saddest and plainest meaning j of the words, alone in the world. The affliction which has befallen me has left certain duties to be performed that re quire my presence in London. My house islet; I am staying at an hotel. My friend, Sir James (also in London on business), has rooms near mine. We breakfast and dine together in my sitting-room. For the mo ment, solitude is dreadful to me — and yet I cannot go into society ; I shrink from persons who are mere acquaintances. At Sir James's suggestion, however, one visitor at our hotel has been asked to dine with us, who claims distinction as no ordinary guest. The physician who first warned me of the critical state of my mother's health is anxious to hear what I can tell him of her last moments. His time is too precious to be wasted in the earlier hours --of the day ; and he joins us at the dinner-table when his patients leave him free to visit his friends. The dinner is near at -an end. I have made the effort to preserve my selfcon trol; and, in few words, I have told the simple story of my mother's last peaceful days on earth. The conversation turns next on topics of little interest to me ; my mind rests after the effort that it has made; my observation is -left free t» exert itself as usual. Little by little, while the talk goes on, I observe something in the conduct of the celebrated physician which first puzzles me, and then arouses my suspicion of some motive for his presence which has not been acknowledged, and in which I am con cerned. Over and over again I discover that his eyes are resting on me with a furtive in terest and attention which he seems anxious to conceal. Over and over again, I notice that he contrives to divert the conversation from general topics, and to lure me into talking of myself ; and, stranger still.(unless I am quite mistaken), Sir James understands and encourages him. Under various pre tences, lam questioned about what I have suffered in the past, and what plans of life I have formed for the future. Among other subjects of personal interest to me, the sub ject of supernatural appearances is intro duced. I am asked if I believe in occult spiritual sympathies, and in ghostly appari tions of dead or distant persons. I am dex terously led into hinting that my views on this difficult and debateable question are in some degree influenced by experiences of my own. Hints, however, are not enough to satisfy tike doctor's innocent curiosity. He tries to induce me to relate in detail what I have myself seen and felt. But by this time I am on my guard ; I make excuses ; I steadily abstain from taking my friend into my confidence. It is more and more plain to me that I am being made the sub ject of an experiment, in which Sir James and the physician are equally interested. Outwardly assuming to be guiltless of any suspicion of what is going on, I in wardly determine to discover the true motive for the doctor's presence that even ing, and for the part that Sir James had taken in inviting mn^ to be my guest. Events favor my purpose, soon after the dessert has been placed on the table. The waiter enters the room with a letter for me, and announces that the bearer waits to know if there is any answer. I open the envelope, and find inside a few Hues from my lawyers, announcing the completion of some formal matter of business. I at once seize the opportunity that is offered to me. Instead of sending a verbal message down stairs, I make my apologies, and use the letter as a pretext for leaving the room. Dismissing the messenger who waits be low, I return to the corridor in which my rooms are situated, and softly open the door of my bedchamber. A second door com municates with the sitting-room, and has a ventilator in the upper part of it. I have only to stand under the ventilator, and every word of the conversation between Sir James and the physician reaches my ears. 'Then you think I am right?' are the first words I hear, in Sir James's voice. 'Quite right,' the doctor answers. ' I have done my best to make him change his dull way of life,' Sir James pro ceeds. ' I have asked him to pay a visit to my house in Scotland ; I nave proposed travelling with him on the Continent; I have offered to take him with me oh my next voyage in the yficht. He: has but one answer — ne simply says ' iNo7 to everything that I can suggest. You have heard from his own lips that he has no definite plans for the future. What is to become of him? what bad we better do ?' . ' It is not easy to say,' I hear the phy sician reply. ' To speak plainly, the man's nervous system is seriously deranged. I noticed something strange in him when he first came to consult me about his mother's health. The mischief has not been caused entirely by the affliction of her death. In my belief, his mind has been — what shall I say ? — unhinged, for some time past. He is a very reserved . person. I suspect he has been oppressed by anxieties which he has; tept secret from «very-one; : At image the' unacknowledged troubles of life 4ire gene rally troubles caused by women. It is in hjs temperament to take tie romantic view ; of love; and some matter-of-fact woman, of the present day may have bitterlydis appointed him. Whatever may be the cause, the effect is pjlain — his nerves have broken down ; and has brain is necessarily affected by whatever 'affects his nerves. I have - known men in 'his condition who have ended badly. He may drift into insane de lusions if his present course of life is not altered. Did you hear what he said when we talked about ghosts !' ' Sheer nonsense 1' Sir James remarks. . 'Sheer delusion would be tie more cor rect form of expression,' the.doctor rejoins. ' And other delusions may flow out of it at any moment.' : , ** What is to be done?' persists Sir James;, 'I may really say for inyself, doctor, that I feel a fatherly interest in the poor fellow. His mother was one of my oldest and dearest friends; and he has inherited many of her engaging and endearing qualities. I hope you don't think the case is bad enough to be a case for restraint?' ; ' Certainly not, as yet,' answers the doctor. il So far there is no positive hrain disease ; and there is accordingly, no sort of reason for placing him under restraint. It is essentially a doubtful and difficult case. Have him privately looked after by acompe tent person,' and thwart him in nothing, if you can possibly help it. The merest trifle may excite his suspicions — and, if that happens, we lose all control over him.' 'You don't think he suspects us already — do you, doctor ?' 'I hope not. I saw him once or twice look at me rather strangely — and he has certainly been a long time out of the room.' Hearing this, I wait to hear no more. I return to the sitting-room (by way of the corridor), and resume my place at the table. The indignation that I feel — naturally enough, I think under the circumstances — makes a good actor of me, for once in my life. I invent the necessary excuse for my long absence, and take my part in the con versation; keeping the strictest guard on every word that escapes me, without be traying any appearance of restraint in my manner. Early in the evening the doctor leaves us to go to a scientific meeting. For half an hour more Sir James remains with me. By way (as I suppose) of further testing the state of my mind, he renews the invita tion to his house in Scotland. I pretend to feel flattered by his anxiety to secure me as his guest. I undertake to reconsider my first refusal, and to give him a definite answer when we meet the next morning at breakfast. Sir James is delighted; we shake hands cordially, and wish each other good night. At last I am left alone. - My resolution as to my next course of Eroceeding is formed without a moment's esitation. I determine to leave the hotel privately the next morning, before Sir James is out of his bedroom. To what destination I am to betake my self is naturally the next question that arises — and this also I easily decide. During the last days of my mother's life, we spoke together frequently of the happy past days when we were living on the banks of the Greenwater lake. The long ing thus inspired to look once more at the old scenes, to live for awhile again among the old associations, has grown on me since my mother's death. I have, happily for myself, not spoken of this feeling to Sir James, or to any other person. \Vhen I am missed at the hotel, there will be no suspicion of the direction in which I have turned my steps. To the -old home in Suffolk I resolved to go the next morning. Wandering among the' scenes of my boy hood, I can consider with myself how I may best bear the burden of the life that lies before me. After what I have heard that evening I confide in nobodv. For all I know to the contrary my own servant may be em ployed to-morrow as the spy who watches my actions. When the man makes his ap pearance to take his orders for the night, I tell him to wake me at 6 o'clock the next morning, and release him from further attendance. I next employ mvself in writing two let ters. They will be {eft on the table to speak for themselves after my departure. In the first letter I briefly inform Sir James that I have discovered his true reason for inviting the doctor to dinner. While I thank him for the interest he takes in my welfare, I decline to be made the object of any further medical enquiries as to ihe state of my mind. In due course of time, I when my plans are settled, he will hear from me again. Meanwhile, he need feel no anxiety about my safety. It is one among my other delusions to believe that I am still perfectly capable of taking care of myself. My second letter is addressed to the landlord of the hotel, and simply pro- - vides for the disposal of my luggage, and the payment of my bill, I enter my bedroom next, and pack a travelling-bag with the few things that I can carry with me. My money is in my dressing-case. Opening it, I discover my pretty keepsake — the green flag. Can I re turn to Greenwater Broad, can I look again at the bailiff's cottage, without the one memorial of little Marv that I nossess ? Ba sides, have I not promised Miss Dunross that Mary's gift shall always go with me wherever I go; and is the promise not doubly sacred, now that she is dead ? For awhile I sit idly looking at the device on the flag — the white dove, embroidered on the green ground, with the golden olive branch in its beak. The innocent love-story of my early life returns to my memory, and shows me in horrible contrast the life that I am leading now. I fold up the flag, and place it carefully in my travelling-bag. This done, all is done. I may rest till the morning comes. No ! I lie down in bed, and I discover that there is no rest for me that night, Now:that I have no occupation to keep my energies employed-r-now that my first sense of triumph in the discomfiture of the | friends Vho have plotted against me has had time to subside- — my mind reverts to the. conversation that I haye overheard, and considers it from a new point of view. For the first time the terrible question con fronts me: — The... doctor's opinion on my case has been given very positively; how do I know that the doctor is not right ? ' This famous physician has risen to the head of, hisprqfession entirely by his own abilities. He is not one of the medical , men who succeed by means of :an ingratiar^ ting manner and the dexterous, handling of good opportunities. ; Even his enemies . admit that he stands unrivalled in the art | of Separating the Jzgel .conditibns^from the falfift .in -the discovery of disease, and in tracing effects accurately to their distant jand! hidden cause. Iksueh a man as this likely to be mistaken aTfout me?- Is it not far more probable that I am mistaken in my judgment of myself ? . . ? When I look back over the past years, am I quite sure that the strange events which, iLrecall may not, in certain cashes, be, $he visionary product of my owA disordered brain — realities to me, and to no one else ? What are the dreams of Mrs. Van Brandt, what are the ghostly apparitions of her which I believe myself to have seen? Delusions which have been the stealthy growth of years ? Delusions which are lead ing me by slow degrees nearer and nearer to madness in the end ? Is it insane sus picion which has made me so angry with the good friends who have been trying to save my reason P Is it insane terror which sets me on escaping from the hotel like a criminal escaping from prison ? These are the questions that torment me, while I am alone in the dead of night. My bed becomes a place of unendurablei;orture. I rise and dress myself, and wait for the daylight, looking through my open window into the street. The summer night is short. The grey light of dawn comes to me like a deliver ance; the glow of the glorious sunrise cheers my soul once more. Why should I wait in the room that is still haunted by my hor jible doubts of the night ? 1 take up my travelling-bag; I leave my letters on the sitting-room table ; and I descend the stairs to the house-door. The night porter at the hotel is slumbering in his chair. He wakes as I pass him ; and (God help me !) he too looks as if he thought I was mad. 'Going to leave us already, sir?' lie says, looking at the bag in my hand. Mador sane, I am ready with my reply. I tell him I am going out for a day in the country— and to make it a long day I must start early. The man still stares at me. He asks if he shall find somebody to carry my bag. I decline to let anybody be disturbed. He enquires if I have any message to leave for my friend. I inform him that I have left written messages upstairs for Sir James and the landlord. Upon this he draws the bolts and opens the door. To the last he looks at me as if he thought I was mad. Was he right or wrong? Who can answer for himself ? How can I tell ? ,m ? 