CHURCU OF ENGLAND SYNOD. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26.-EvENINo SITTINo. MI. J. HAxYE took his seat as repree?ntative of Al. bury., The Venerable Archdoeacon Pownall brought up the report of the elections committee, from which it appeared that nop members had boon returned for the districts of Araluen,. Doniliquin, Gundagai, Batranald, and Peoar. The Revd. A. 1. Aoooks asked the chancellor: Are there any laws in existonoo in the colony of N. S. Wales (other than those relating to special eases) having reference to the government, management, and maintenance of comoterioes and burial grounds. The Chancellor replied: There are no enact. meats in force respecting burial grounds belong. ing to the Church of England in N. S. Wales, exaopt 8th Wm., IV, No, 6,. The 31st Vie., No. 14; is solely for the regulation of the Sydney nooropolis. My advice to the clergy has always been, to be guided by the ecoleslastical law and the practioceof the church at home. Unless by permission of the clergymen, trustees, or' churchwardone, no person can enter one of our burial grounds to dig a grave with. out being guilty of trespass; under the colonial aot, 18th Via., No. 27, any person who shall without law ful oexcuse enter grounds either private or public, without the consent of the pere3n in charge of the soame, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding £6, to be summarily recovered before any justico of the poaco. Flo was not aware that any law was required par ticularly for burial grounds belonging to the Church of England, and he believed that no esuh application would be entertained ; but if en anot were sought to include all coemterioes it might be. An attempt had boon made to pass on act to includo all; but after passing the Assembly, it was rejected by the Council. In Engtand an effort had boon made to force the Church of England to give up the exclusive right to its burial grounds; and if enoh was the case there, how much lese chance there was of obtaining an not hero to give them more power than they had at pro. seont. The regulations must depend upon the good oenne of the clergy and the churchwlrdons. Any churchwarden had power to expel trespassers. Thie Rov. A. D. Acooke moved that a seleht com. mittee be appointed to draw up a code of laws and regulations and by-lawn for the management of come tories and burial grounds in connexion with the Church of England in the diooneo, with a view to an appeal to the logislaturo on the defective st~oe of the law on thin subtject, such committee to consiset of the Vonorable Archdeacon Pownall, the Rev. D. E. Jones, Mr. Bardweoll, and the mover. oe must remark with all due deference that tholearned ohaun collor's reply did not mooeet heo case; his answer in fact was " no, there are none." Shortly after his ar rival in thie colony, he wos surprised to find that thoero was no law having roeoronco to cemeteries ex. cept privateo iol relating to Sydney. In the interior there was nothing to protect trustees, and their only romedy was ant noion for troepeas. IIo had found that trustees really lhad no power to enforce regula tions, except in the matter of trespass. Thoroverend opoakor instanced aseson whore graves had boeen re opened and enolosures put up without permission of tile trustcoees; the trustoes had no power to remove theose enclosures. The'ro was then a necossity that the poworn of trustoon should be defined. Others of his reverend brothren had instituted a scaloof charges. With reference to the nots referred to by the learned chancellor, provision is made in tilem for pow- ronts and other matters, but nothing whatever to regulate comroterico. In aplaeo wherothoro wus a oimotery ibut no parisi h church, what right had the churchwardonu of inother church to enter thooomotery at nil ? None of the provisiona in the not would hindir a clergyman of another donomination or a layman from perform ing a servioc in n Ohiuroh of .Etgland burial ground, or prevent plcoing in it objnotionablo insariptions. There was no system of registration of intormonto by which Oi at y time it would ho possiblo to noocrtnin in what particular grave any porson had boon buried. They ought to consider the position of a liconoed clergyman in coenoxion with those eomotoris ; the stopping of obljectionablo incoriptions; the reopening of grave; and the advisability of a recoguieod canlo of chtargeo. Tice llov. Canon Druitt nooondod the motion. Ilo was natiielod the irguments of his reverend brotror trone from his inexlperieoco in the working of the law. lie ihad boon twenty-seveon year a liconoed olorgyman and never exporionood any of thoao diflliulties, Tice truntose had nothing whatever to do with giving permission for graven, &n.; ; that wan a matter in the hands of the ohurohwardonn, and the clergyman alone wan entitled to regulate tile foca, &o;, If any one wont into a gravoyard and erreted ca headtoneo or anything also Ie to woi atnonablo to the law. They ought not to go to the logislaturo for higher powers until they had nadco nero they had rinot slflicient powers already. If at any titmte ia grave wore re-opened without the iiauotion of tile clergy man it could soon ho reotified. The chuirchwnrdenn could tilale ogniz?anc of it and proteoot the clergyman. In hilt diotriot there wore four or five dil'oront burial grounds twenty-live miloe apart in solmo in ntuntcon, and lie had never found tany difficulty; he lhad taiclln caro that they were aligned and appor tioned, and thle ohurlhwardono tool onro thelre were no enoronohmeonit. Au to forcinllg it scxton to dig a gravo, no one could do it unloest he were willing, and then lie was liablo for lie not. It wan trueo that itn old burial groundlu there were graven in wicoh it was not Iknown who iwas buriod but for this the chutrchwardonn wtro to Iblcanc. Souh tt comnmittoo however might give information to his reverond brother and procuro uniformity in lfruation in all comtorlton. Il (the sipeakor) never mude any chargeo for olerioal work; overythingt oldo won ramdo over to the olhurnhwardenir, who made it chargo of £1, Tihe Venoerabl Archdonoon I'oweltl llwat disponud to Ihave the isulbjet vcntllated, but aoould not cuiro to the termue of the motion ; and if hie ranninad on the comtmittu Ice htmint join Inueo on some points. n laying out a townhip tecili the government not nsido land for a iuriail ground, anid, in co.jirnation with hiin ]'ordnhip the lillahop, appointed trentcon, cnd tihe ehurotchwnrdlnl had nothing to do with it. Thi olhrgylntut when lioeunsd wan also IIcIconnd fil clhnp lain of the cornetery. He saw no dillioulty itn the manacgcteet of their comaterinn. Th'Iei ground twa given to them, and they had the privilege of appoint. ing trutacos; and with a little common seantn they cahould have no diflloulty in eonforoing rogultitonitt drawn up by the tirntotes. There wan no nuect?sity to go to the logiatur to to ccenro regulations for burying their dend. Still he thought it wan imlort ant to havo utilformnlty inc the nnnillgoonlt of olnil terloe, and ehurohwardons should be madle Inowor ible for their stito. The'o hanoallor could not agroo entirely wih the Archdleacon. flo vwould now reply to Ithe reverend mover. tosunosion gave right to the lion cir, who had a right to r-'ealst cniy ilhlgol entry. The '.l'renpann Act wao very sitringent, and thle rnagln treani hald Ipower to floe anyortn lUlltlrlln uiptg on onii. tlonotl landi. 'liThe ecoIjlcnnt ltd nut to lirovo hIle ligal rctcht to th i ind hli ic (col)hIcdIi. i Oaiit iltiiht clniin csundlrntccdling sieondcl to oximt ini to the hlit of theII laud Itlhg itilchitd ht thc t hur(hii , Th. wordi in the Act trn ' "tlilotcglung to," cnd theI lctl ctnmy he miOiitl Wtay. A titnt 1'ii l ia vIcI Iceiccro tht, enii the pa'tion hrin ing them have faihlm Ihregllh nol t bring in thm i n the incel ofi tilo Iru toltln, ic vntilo . nuinni alOciO tihey eccuh li Iho Ironhtti , liII wa hit noti advloo clirgymini ito britnit iotinns whilt lho snnglte. tratoiln wore hIccilnd tc pl nlt h ti rollidttllt ir, 110 t deuheIdI uch thethelir thoc icyio ii d powerl to omiipcl vicrl onil olorgymient to Iadoll)t thii llnic o ri'ulllutl on:ll ii Imilght roi i nlnlit lldh ut sici ilciiro., It wcci ui in Itia pow r I thie liticop tol durl'w tip rcgcltctlcions atlitth wouacil obvilto Itihe dilllontily o (Iti itio llhiiig ilorngycnelc tic relatdI th ilirvico of the (JChurch (if ItIhlhihtnd viler Ithei hcidy otf lperitu whoro they thoug Iht they ccuhl ntc cio no lonieihclnttloiily. 1o dli nctc th1iin it pilcDihlc toI iollni the pncllliont of Ic clergylnrin inoirn fully than wnai lonleo in thle Aotl and a colmpanry or prlvalo Indl vidntl hioldlnlg a coaaotory would l have lcthe nluim powers as a clergyman to eject trespassers. Trustees were merely a shield or safety.valvo. They had no power in themselves, and were mere legal ducts to convey power to churchwardens. The Act provided for payment for permission to buy land or to erect a headstone, &c.; The Act aimed at making a die. established church as nearly similar as possible to the established one at home. No charge can be mode for permission to be buried; but payment must be made for digging the grave, which is not a fee either to clergyman or trustee. By the common law a per son who erects a vault buys the land, and it is his and his heirs for ever. As to the disinterment of bodies, it is a common law offence, and can only be done by consent of relations or the clergyman ; and in Sydney a large fee is payable for permission. The prevention of unuoctborisoed interments must be met by the Trespass Act. The depth of a grave is pro. vided for by common law, and he believed there was some regulation on the subject. As to the oexclusive right of our clergymen to bury, they undoubtedly possessed such righti but as a lawyer he :would say, "use discretion, and don't be too exclusive," If ground is sot apart exclusively for burying members of the Church of England, no one else could have a right to enter thereon. Under the present law clergymen or relations were bound to register all deaths. The Rov. A. D. Aoocks: That is not what I mcan. It is a system of registration whereby a grave can be identifled at once. The Chancellor: In nine cases out' of ten in no parish in England could the grave of a poor man without headstone be pointed out. Some such yse. tom as that in Sydney might be an advantage-a plan of the graveyard apportioned, the portions numbered, and a register hept for reference. As to the maximum quantity of ground that may be enolosed round any grave, a foe of £1 10/- is charged for each body that a vault is calculated to contain, and £1 for every grave and 10/- for a foot and head stone; but then there is no right to fence. The Rev, Canon Smith: When first I went to Canberra a foe of £1 was charged for enclosing one grave. The hoancellor: That may be right. Still it was not legal. There was nothing in the Act to warrant anyone in enclosing land he had not purchased. The Venerable Archdeacon Pownall moved as an amendment,-" that the subjoot of the management of csmeteries set apart forthi use of the Churoh of England be referred to the provincial synod with a view to taking united action in the eame." HI uesotionod if the Church Act had anything to do with cemeteries set apart in the interior. The government referred the matter to his Lordship, and upon his advice trustees wore appointed; nor did the government object to place a sum upon the estimatoes for fencing in the land, which would not be done if it were thought the property was to be handed over to the churchwardens and clergymen. Mr. Botts seconded the amendment. There was no difiloulty with osmoterios which came under the provisions of the Church Act; but there were others which are not governed by that Act; and the clergyman was not in a position to insist upon the carrying out of the provisions of the Act in the case of those cemoteries. It was no use going to the legislature. It had already given them power to not for themoselves, and he thought it was most ad. visablo to refer to the provincial synod. This was a question which that synod had power to legislate upon, and to malko regulations for the managoment of the various cemeteries. '.he constitution gave them power to pass an ordinanco that would be binding on the mmboers of the Churoh of England. Ae to the question of the provisions of the Enoloeod Lands Act it must be proved that a person had no lawful excuse for entering upon the land said to be trespaseod upon ns well no that he did so without the consent of the owner. The Rev. A. D. Acooks having spolken in reply, said he would, with the consent of the house, with draw hib motion in favor of the amendment, This having boon coneonted to, the meondmotit was put and carried. The Chancellor moved,--"That the debt due to the family of the Into Dean, on account of the Southern Observer, viz., £07 8/, be mroot by donationrs from the clerical and lay membars of the synod,'' Lbgally spoeaking they were not responsille; but gentleumn having ,uthorieod porsons to do a crltain thing ought not to leave them to pay the penalty'. He wanted not only to got rid of the Southern Ohserver, but also of its ghost. Ioe thought it wne no use to refer the matter baock to the repudiating parishes. Mr. Mate oecondod the motion. The loev. Canon GIwynno considorod the motion informal, and if the payment wne to he voluntary, certainly so. WVhen he first arrived he heard a great d bot cla chout the Southern Observer and found the pariehou rated to pay the debt. Ills parish was neaossed at abhot £6, which ho had to pay out of his own plkert. lie could riot undorstand voluntary logislation. The Chlancellor remarked that if the synod had not carried a motion agreeing to instituting the Southorn Observer he would never have brought forward thin motion. The motion was thou put and was lost upon the following division :-Ayes, 17; noones, 22. The loev. Canon Druitt moved,-" That there be laid upon the table of this synod copies of all oorroe. pondoe hobetwoon the commisesarieu of the llishop with the ohancellor, the lion. O. Oampboll, and his Lordship the Metropolitan on the subjoot of the reproesentation of the diocese of Goldburn at the last mooting of the provincial synod." Ile wanted to mnow all the facteo no in to form an opinion of the eutbjoet of this diocone not being reprouontod at the provincial Aynod. If their intoreoln wore suppoUed to be diotinot froin those of other dioconon it was contrary to all church principlou. They ought not to bhe divided from one another. lieo did not know why they were not represented, and those letters would show whvther the chancellor atdvinld it and whether the advico wan good or not. Whore thero was no repronlontatlon thore should be no taxa tione; and now it wao thought that the diocese of (Goulburn ought to pay its ohare of the exponuoe, to which he objected. The Rov. Clanon Smith nooonded the resolution. The Prooeident thou lated that the papers were laid on the table. After the benodiotion, the heouse adjourned till three p.m. next day. 