GENERAL NEWS. The following is Wednesday morning's weather report on the" Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line: — Beltana, cloudy; Strangways Sprinjgs, cloudy, hot; Peake, few clouds, warm; Charlotte. Waters, few clouds, warm; Alice Springs, clear; Barrow Creek, cloudy, warm; Tennant Creek, fine, thunder yesterday; Powell Creek, fine, thunder in night; Daly Waters, clear, fine; Katherine, few clouds, close; Pine Creek,fine; Yam Creek, overcast; Southport,clear, fine; Port Darwin, clear, fine. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Tuesday and the same hour on Wednesday is registered as follows;— Adelaide ... 0010 Wallaroo ... 0*060 Burra 0*060 Moonta - ... 0*030 Watervale ... 0.070 Goolwa ... 0.050 Kedina ... 0*020 Mount Pleasant 0*050 We are informed by Mr. J. L. Parsons, treasurer, that Mr. B. B. Smith, J.P., has given £500, and that Mr. - Thomas Magarey, J.P., has promised £100 towards the funds of the Chil dren's Hospital. The Sydney Morning Herald states that Sir Hercules Bobinson aud the other members of the vice-regal party performed the journey from Wagga Wagga to Sydney, a distance of over 300 miles—about 100 miles of which were performed by coach—in about 24 hours. An inquest was held by Mr, E. H. Derrington, J.P., at Moonta, on Friday, Decem ber 15, on the body of a child named Gavana Egerton Gray, who had been found dead in bed early that morning. The jury returned a ver dict of died from natural causes. It is stated . in the Kapunda paper that a Government party are now engaged in the neighborhood of Hanshorough, under the direc tion of Mr. Griffiths, sinking experimental shafts at various places with a view of obtain ing a permanent supply of water for the rail way men. : A. new process for clarifying cane juice without the aid of lime was successfully tried at Indooroopilly, near Brisbane, on December 4. The Brisbane Courier. Btates that Mr. Bastes, ef Brenleigh, is the inventor. . We have* received from Messrs. Cullen and Wigley a printed copy of the petition, with over 7,000 signatures, for the release of Mr. W. V. Smith. The names are alphabetically ar ranged, and include those of persons of all classes in the community. : ' - • "We.have received a copy of Sawtell's Nautical Almanac for" 1877. This is 'the : seventh issue of this really useful and handy : little book, which has been improved.upon year ■ by year, and the publisher, has been induced by past successes to make still further improve f ments in the present issue. In referring to the recent hot weather, ! the Kapivnda Herald, of December 19, states that at Eudunda not only did the. rabbits seek shelter in the haunts, of men, but even the wild birds, which apparently had become stupe fied, flew into the houses of the settlers—there to fall and die. . Persons intending to ship goods by the steamers Beyal Shepherd and Kangaroo, leav ing Port Adelaide'on the 26th and 27th De cember respectively, are notified that in conse quence Of the approaching holidays, all cargo must be. alongside not later than Saturday, December 23. ' . The examination of the children attend ing St. Paul's Upper Schoolroom was held on Tuesday afternoon, December 19, in the school room, Flinders-street. The Attorney-General (Hon. JVC."Bray) occupied the chair. -After the presentation of the prizes, a few encourag ing remarks were addressed to the children by the chairman and the Very Bev. Dean Bussell. Mr. Lavard, Consul for New Caledonia; desires to caution English miners who go to that colony under contract to work in copper or other mines, to be more particular with regard to the terms of their contracts, and more espe cially to bring with them a duplicate copy of such contracts, signed by both parties, so that, should any difficulty arise, it may be the more readily solved. - The Ministry have received a telegram from the Government of New South Wales, suggesting that the conference, respecting im Eroved telegraph communication with Europe, y having duplicate cables, should be held in Sydney. The reason of this is that the New South Wales Parliament is in session. It was originally intended to hold the conference either in Melbourne or Hobart Town. A deputation of ratepayers waited upon the Lefevre's Peninsula District Council at their meeting on Monday, December 18, to urge the desirableness of a road being made to the northward of the jetty. After a warm dis cussion, in the course of which charges were made of partiality having been shown in the expenditure of public money on certain roads, the council promised the deputation that the matter of the road in question should be attended to. The settlers on the Broughton Extension are badly off for water, many of them having to cart it from 10 to 14 miles. The Horthern Argus says:—"Every day a number of farmers with their teams may be seen at the Broughton Crossing from early morning till late at night filling tanks with water for their home supply. On enquiry we were informed that as a rule each farmer was occupied two days in every week in procuring water for his homestead." • Travellers between Kalkaburv and Moonta on Thursday last (says the" Yorkers Peninsula Advertiser) inform us that they saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees that had fallen dead from the effects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of covered waterholes and tanks; and the smaller kinds, with a strong instinct Of self-preserva tion, crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. In and around Moonta also the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of domestic fowls having yielded up the ghost during the hot weather that we had on Thursday and Friday ast. A number of teachers and others have presented themselves for examination for teachers' certificates under the Council of Education. The examination began at the Model Schools on Monday, December 18, and will continue till Thursday or Friday. The examiners are Inspectors Hosking and Burgan. Nineteen male and 21 female candidates came forward for examination, and out of these numbers 17 are students in the train ing school. The remainder are either in charge of schools, or else are candidates for employ ment. The results will be made known soon after the beginning of the year. The members andsome of thefriendsof the North Adelaide Literaiy Association assembled at the Lecture Hall, North Adelaide, on Monday evening, December 18, to celebrate the closing of thesession, 1876. Tea was provided, to which about 50 persons sat down. This number was afterwards increased to 100, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the entertainment provided^ for them. Photographs, microscopes, grapho- :" scopes, kaleidoscopes, and other scientific and mechanical instruments, together with several curiosities from foreign parts were exhibited, and draughts and chess, voltaic batteries, and electric machines were provided: added to which were the charms of vocal and instrumental 1 music. The meeting was of a private nature, 1 those who attended being present by special invitation. In Monday's issue we published a para graph, extracted from the Aryjw, which stated that the Minister of Agriculture and Education, while in Melbourne recently, expressed a wish to the Postmaster-General of Victoria that the mail steamers, instead of calling at Glenelg, might " be allowed to call at a place more sheltered, a little nearer Adelaide." The Hon. Mr. Ward informs us that this is quite a mistake. All he .did was, in the course of conversation, to ask .the Postmaster-General whether he thought his Government would offer any objection to the mail steamers, when the weather was rough, going on to the Semaphore, and there tranship ping the mails, by doing which, he pointed out, time would often be saved. Mr. Ward says he never for a moment contemplated suggesting the abandonment of Glenelg. It lias already been announced that the committee appointed at a recent public meetr ing have addressed an invitation to the Eev. A. Milne Jarvie, late of the United Presbyterian Church, Chalmers-street; Dunfermline, to undertake the formation of a Presbyterian con gregation in North Adelaide. Mr. Jarvie had received urgent invitations to settle in Tas mania and New Sonth Wales, but after fall consideration he has expressed his determina tion to accept the invitatidh to North Adelaide; From the favorable impression already pro duced by the" services which Mr. Jarvie has conducted the friends of, the cause anticipate that a prosperous congregation will be formed in that part of the city. It is expected that Mr. Jarvie will commence his regular ministra tions on Sunday next. On Friday, December lo, the third day of the intense heat with which the northern part of the Peninsula was visited last week, there were 170 casks of water sold from the Moonta tanks. " On that day," says the local paper, "we personally inspected the tanks, ascertained the quantity of water then on hand -(over 500,000 gallons), and tested its quality. The latter proved . excellent, and fully evi denced the possibility of procuring a good and wholesome water-supply from • enclosed sites selected in suitable situations. The general stock in the district is, we fear, getting low, and the demands now. made upon the reserves by the residents in the surrounding district? of Kalkabury, Penang, and Green's Plains are so great that it is questionable whether the 500,000 gallons will last very long. It is most fortunate that these supplies were in existence, or ere this there would have been necessity for importing from Port Adelaide." On Tuesday, December 19, a carpenter in the employ of Mr. C. Farr, builder; named Charles H. Martin, fell from the roof of Mr. Acraman's house, at Walkerville,-a distance of about 23 feet. Martin was rendered, insensible^ by the fall, and upon his speedy removal to the Adelaide Hospital it was found that he had sustained a severe injury to the left ankle, in addition to which he is supposed to have sus tained. internal injuries. A .laborer, named "Wm. Stephens, of TJnley, fell from the rafters of a shed over which he was walking, at TJnley, on Monday afternoon, December 18, Jby which his left leg was broken.- He was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital the next day. A. lamentable accident happened at Browuhill Creek on Tuesday afternoon, Decem ber 19, by . which a market gardener, named Adolph Siegmund, lost .his life. Information was given at the Police Barracks at "about 8 o'clock in the evening by a man named Samuel Morris, and P.T. Pascoe was immediately dis-' patched to the scene of the accident. - From his report we learn that the deceased was a strong, healthy young man of about 32 years of age, and had a wife and four young children. He was found on the Brownhill Creek-road, one mile and a-half from Mitcham, at about 6 o'clock, by a market gardener named Thomas Williams. The deceased was proceeding home with a dray load of manure, when it is supposed that the dray capsized into the creek while he was asleep on top of the load. The body was found covered with [the manure^ and to all appearances suffocated. The deceased was greatly respected in the neighborhood, and much sympathy is felt for the widow thus suddenly bereaved: P.T. Pascoe had the body removed to the Edinburgh Inn, Mitcham, where an inquest will doubtless be held to-day. A meeting of the members of the Glenelg Yacht Club was held in the office of the Hon. T. Elder, M.L.C. (commodore), Grenfell-street, on Tuesday afternoon, December 19. The Hon. T. Elder presided. The following officers were appointed for the ensuing year:—Commodore, Hon. T. Elder, M.L.C.; vice-commodore, Sir "Win. Milne, P.L.C.; hon. secretary, Mr. "W. R. Wigley, M.P.; hon. treasurer, Mr. "W. Mair, J.P.; committee, Messrs. S. Cornish, J.P.j C. M. Muirhead, "W. L. Reid, F. G. Bucknall, and J. P. Boucaut, M.P. The following new members were admitted Messrs. Andrew Tennant, J.P., S. W. Smith, J. Bagot, C. Bagot, Ross Reid, W H. Bundey, and S. J. Skipper. The opening day of the season was fixed for December 28th, and it was arranged that on January 5th the race for the silver cup, valued at £40, should take place. It was decided that the course should be from Glenelg round the hulk Fitzjames off the Sema phore, thence past Glenelg round a boat anchored off Marino, and finishing opposite the Glenelg Jetty. The course thus laid down is a distance of ahout 30 miles. The treasurer re ported that he had a balance of £36 3s. 3d. in hand, and that the whole of the subscriptions for the current season amounted to about £150. The Lo-Lo troupe have been very suc cessful during their trip in the North. They have had very good houses at the Burra, Clare, Auburn, Saddle worth, and Kapunda. On Saturday next, with additions to the troupe, a short season will be commenced at White's Rooms. Mr. Israel, the agent, is now in town making the necessary.arrangements. The theatre was fairly attended on Tues day evening, December 19. The programme of the previous evening was gone through. The entertainment was opened by a comic duet by Mr. and Mrs. Empson, who created much laughter by their performances. The Fakir then appeared and gave, an exhibition of his sleight-of-hand abilities. The educated lion was then; brought on, and his queer ways and numerous conundrums were much enjoyed. The entranced lady was next introduced, and, judging from the applause with .which she was greeted, she still continues to he a favorite. The suspension performance was carried out with the Fakir's customary success. Madame Silvester favored the audience with two songs, "Scenes that are brightest," and "Oh, How Delightful," which she sang in her usual charm ing manner. Mr. and Mrs. Empson had to sub mit to encores for their songs. Miss Daisy Silvester gave her amusing entertainment, " Men of the Time," for which she was heartily applauded. The ghost drametta was well per formed, the illusions and acting being excellent. The fairy fountain began and closed the enter tainment. 