Dalby. THE laying of the memorial stone of St. John's Church, in Dalby, took place on Wednesday last (says the Herald). It had been hoped that the Bishop would lay the stone, especially as this was (we believe) the first ceremony of the kind since His lordship's arrival, but in answer to a request by the Rev. Mr. Mahalm, the Bishop replied that he could not be in Dalby before the end of March, when he will be passing through on his way to Roma; and as this delay would greatly inconvenience and retard the progress of the building, the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie was applied to, and he consented. The Archdeacon arrived by the train, and shortly afterwards pro- ceeded from the School of Arts, with the Rev. R. Mahalm, both wearing their official vest- ments, and accompanied by the churchwardens snd several members of the congregation to the appointed place. On arriving at the place, the Ven. Archdeacon, facing the stone, gave a short address on the object of their meeting there that day, and read the prayers appointed for such a ceremony. The Rev. R. Mahalm then read the lesson, Chronicles, Book 1., chap, xxix., after which the Archdeacon having spread the mortar, the stone was lowered into its place. The Arch- deacon then gave it three taps with the mall. Previous to the stone being lowered, there was placed in a cavity under it a hermetically sealed leaden box, containing the documents that had formerly been deposited in it; and in addition, copies of The Brisbane Courier and Dalby Herald; also, a parchment con- taining the following memoranda:—In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. By the Grace of God, the Memorial Stone of this Church, dedicated to the worship of the ever blessed Trinity, to be called the Church of St John the Evangelist, was laid by the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie on Wednesday, the 23rd day of February, 1876, being the Thirty-ninth Year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, and the First Year of the Episcopate of the Right Rev. Mathew Blagden Hale, D.D., Lord Bishop of Brisbane ; William Wellington Cairns, Esq., C.M.G., being Governor of the Colony; Robert Mahalm, Incumbent; Charles Edward Chubb, Thomas C. Good, and Alexander A. Gaskarth, Churchwardens ; Willoughby Powell, architect; James Marks, builder." The stone having been laid, the Archdeacon invited those present to contribute their offerings, as— the sum of £18 4s. was, in a few minutes placed on it. x 