ENGLISH ITEMS. (CULLED FBROM THE AUSTRALIAN PRESS TELE oGRAMS.) The Emperor of Brazil, DomPedro, ar* rived at' San Francisco last evening accompanied by three of his ministers, and declines all ceremony and official receptions. He registered his name at the Palace Hotel as Mr. Alcantara. It is generally believed that Don Carlos and three of his generals were among the passengers of the steamship Hibernia who landed at Halifax recently, and that they intend to make a tour through the United States incog. In a bicycle contest at Now York for the championship race, of 60 miles, between D. Stanton, English, and W. L. M'Lollan, American, the former won. Stanton made the distance in 3h. 4m. M'Lollan broke down on his 16th and also on his 20th mile and then left the track altogether. The Government Lunatic Asylum at Washington has boon investigated and a horrible state of things revealed. Patients were stabled like horses, and the bones of many were worn through the skin, and in several instances death was hastened by violence. On the motion of the Council of Rufus Hatch, Judge Spier, of the Now York Supremo Cqurt, has granted an injunction against Sydney Dillon and Jay Gould, to prevent them attempting in any way to dissolve the Pacifio Mail Steamship Com. pany. The city editor of the Rook Island (Ill. Argus, In a quarrel with a man named Stand back, stabbed him to death with a pocket knife. The Senate has refused to confirm Richard H. Dana as United States Minister at the Court of St. Jamos's, owing to the opposition of General Butler, Don Piatt, a Washingtou journalist of some prominence, has confessed to receiving 20,000 dollars for using his influence with the SeBooretary of War to have a certain moth preventive introduced into the. Army department. He thought at the time that tho pa.ont was a fraud. Mr. Bristow, the present Secretary of the Treasury, is now one of the most prominent condidates for the presidential nomination. The exposure of the departmental and other frauds by members of the Government is mainly due to him. SPresident Grant is represented as very despondent in view of the malfeasance on the part of many of his personal friends, whom he had appointed to office; his private secretary's (Badoook) alleged complicity in in the safe burglary matter is the severest blow of all. President Grant has vetoed, the bill re ducing the salary of the presidential office to 25,000 dol. per annum. General Sohenok declines: to return to England in a ministerial capacity, no matter what may be the result of the Emma mine investigation, ' The questions arising out of the Winlsow extradition case have brought theoUnited States Government and Great Britain to,a dead-look; neither is disposed to give away. The misunderstanding is not particularly distasteful, however,; to either country, as the necessity of a new extradition treaty, with more clearly defined terms, has been felt. The ,present trouble is that the United States Government peremptorily refuse' to give any assurance to Great Britain that Winslow, the forger, shall not be tried for any crime except that for which extradition is asked. The British steamer Crocus, with 882 coolies, arrived at San Francisco from Hong Kong on the 16th. - The Chinese attempted to take possession of the ship during the voyage, but the mutiny was suppressed by the prompt action of , Captain Joy, the the crew and some white passengers on board. A Now York World's Philadelphia special says the Americans are behind all other exhibitors at the Centennial. The baby-farming business as carried on in Montreal is attracting considerable attention from the board of health. It is shown that out of 719 babies' received at the Grey Nun Hospital last year only 88 survived.? The Chinese coolies on the sugar estates near Trogella, in the vicinity of Lima, Peru, are manifesting an insurrectionary spirit, they threaten to massacre all the whites, and stringent steps have been taken to prevent such a catastropho. Very serious disturbances have occured in Barbadoes, were estates have been pillaged and plundered, and fires frequent, The city of Bridgetown is threatened. Business is suspended, and families are seeking the shipping for safety. The rioters say they have the Governor's sanction for their action. The immediate recall of Governor John Pope Hennessy is requested. A Calcutta telegram .announces that 17 persons implicated in the murder of Mr. Margaroy, of the English Expedition, were executed at Bahamo on May 5th, in the presence of the British escort. Fifteen pilgrims were drowned on the 21st April, while crossing the River Virne. Victor Hugo brought before the French Senate, on March 21, a proposal in favor of a general amnesty for all acts committed during the Commune. He did this in a manner remarkable alike for his philan. thropy and self-abnegation, for in the in terest of the sufferers whose cause he advo cated, he abstained from making a speech, and merely read the draft of the amnesty which he submitted to the Chamber. M. Dufaure proposed urgency for the motion, and stated that the President of the Re public would exercise his right of pardon with discrimination. There will, therefore, be a modified amnesty-not a general one. The little commune of Villaroger, in the Alps, has recently been environed by ava lanches of the most dangerous character. During the past two days a number of the inhabitants have disappeared, and there is no doubt that they lie buried in the snow; but the residents cannot stir out of their village to look for the bodies, as they are threatened with new downfalls at every step. The avalanches in the other moun tainous parts of France have also been serious. They have resulted in a tragical incident in, the commune of Fresselines, in the department of Creuse. .The village of Puy Guillou is situate in a romantic position at the foot of the castle of that name. It is composed of a mill and a number of houses, and is only separated from the mountains by the narrow road leading from Fresselines to the castle. Two days ago, at the conclusion of a heavy rain which visited the district, an enormous rook was detached from the heights and precipitated on the village. Several houses were crushed by its weight and buried under the snow which accompanied it, but happily the inhabitants wore for the most part in another part of the place at the moment, and only two persons, a woman and a child, wore killed. There were, how over, a number of people injured, one old man grievously. Another larger rock is expected to give way every hour. The in habitants have left their dwellings in anti cipation of the dreaded event, and dare not approach to carry off any of their property. EUI&OPsan; ARMIES, - Professor Leone Levi, writing on the question of army ex ponditure, says that 3,000,000 soldiers are maintained on a peace footing by the six leading powers of Europe. While the United Kingdom spends £25,000,000 for her defences, Russia expends £30,000,000; France, .25,000,000; Germany, £16,000,000; Austria, £11,000,000; and Italy, .£9,000,000. Taking the entire population of Russia at 82,000,000, of France at 42,000,000, and of the British Empire at 234,000,000, it is shown, that for overy 1,000 persons pro. teooted France pays £505 ; Russia, £368; and England, £175. A wonderful curiosity has just boon Issued by the Oxford University Press, 7 Patornoster-row, in the form of the smallest 1 prayer.book over printed. It is bound in loather, weighs just under an ounce, is I threeoo and a half inches in length, two and an eighth in breadth, and a quarter of an inch in thickness. It is intended as a com. panion volume to the "smallest Bible in the world," lateloy issued from the same establishmoent. i CoN. nv ova P.D.-Why is the Ghost in "IlHamlet" like a pig I Because he doth a a talo unfold. a A NIW AND FORMIDABLE IRONOLAD SHIP. t -A Chatham correspondent writes :-The most formidable ironclad ship yet con r structed at Chatham dockyard is about to a be commenced on the, building.slip, from which the Alexandra was launched, and the workmen are now busily engaged preparing the slip for the reception of the keel of the new,ship. She is to be named the Agamnem non, and, although she is intended to be of the broadside type, she will carry her arma ment in a central-armored citadel. Her vertical keel is to be built of steel plates half an inch in thickness, and she will be fitted with masts similar to those carried by the Thunderer, Her length will be 260 feet, with a breadth of beam of 60 feet. The'Agamenmont'will be heavily plated, her armor being 18 inches in thickness, worked in two thicknesses of. 10 inches and 8 inches. She will be , about two years in building. ' ELrASTI GrAses-The . process for the 6 preparation of this remarkable substance, discovered by Bastie, and still in some mreasur6 secret, is said. to be very simple, oheap,.and unattended with danger.' All vapors injurious to the health are avoided, The inventor estimates that the whole a operation can be completed in a few hours and that the expense will not reach 40 to 50 per cent. of the value of ordinary kinds t of glass. Repeated experiments indicate r that its resistance to blows is fifty times that of. ordinary glass, and that it is un affected either by sudden cooling as in cold water, or by heating it in a stove. A plate thrown upon the floor rebounded with a metallic ring, and, when forcibly broken separated into very small crystals, instead of into larger and smaller pieces, thus showing a peculiar change in molecular constitution: Samples of it have been made in the form of looking-glasses, large plates, lamp-chimneys, cups and saucers, cooking utensils, tubes, watch-glasses, &o.; PoIsoNous SWEsTs. - The practice of flavoring sweets with chemical, instead of real fruit-flavors, is most pernicious. Pear, pineapple, and other flavors are produced from butyrio acid, instead of from pears and pineapples themselves. Ohemical fla vors are simply poisonous, and ought to be interdicted wholly, while real fruit flavors, for the most part, are perfectly safe. Some samples of vanilla, however, now so fre quently used for .flavoring, owing, it has been said, .to the circumstance that the beans (brought from Columbia are covered, as Professor Shroff has shown, with the acrid oil of the anacardium, have been pro ductive of very unpleasant effects. ' All the French medical journals have taken the matter up, and M. Moures has published the particulars of nine cases, and Dr. Papillaud others, wherein actual poisoning ensued from partaking of ices which had been flavored with the vanilla here spoken of. PATENT MEDIOINES CONTAINING POISON ous Dnuos.-It is quite clear that some steps must be taken to check the sale of patent medicines which contain poisonous drugs. It is now an almost everyday occur rence to read of an infant killed by an overdose of some soothing mixture, or of an adult poisoned by the use of s.ino patent sedative. Patent medicines ci dim to possess all kinds of wonderful proper ties; they are, in fact, "heal alls," and so long as the world goes round there will be thousands of people who will put faith in such mixtures. While they contain no injurious ingredients no one need object to their being vended; but when we find that narcotics are largely employed in the manu facture of many of these medicines, and are sold under high-sounding names, it is time ignorant people were protected against them, the more especially as the fact that such medicines cannot be sold without bearing the Government stamp is in itsnlf calculated to inspire confidence in the pub. lic, who naturally consider that the State would not thus pointedly legalize the sale of dangerous drugs. In the interests of the public, and for their own credit, it behoves the legislature to take action in the matter, or we shall continue to have to account for a large and unnecessary waste of human life. Why not make it needful (asks the Observer), as in France, for every patented medicine to have its composition registered, so that the profession, at least, may know of what it consists ? WHAT FINALLY BECOMES OF TLHE PRE coous META.LS.-" What becomes of the precious metals P" asks an Eastern journal, and then proceeds to consider the question, and succeeds in throwing much doubt upon, or, rather, leaving it in just as much doubt as before. The question, " What becomes of all the pins ?" has been oftener asked, perhaps, and has peon answered with about the same illumination. Ferdinand Ewer, many years ago in this city, was hugely amused at a question asked in the Sacra. mento Union, namely "Where does all the water go P" To which interrogation the questioner proceeded, with the philoso. phical sobriety of an owl, to reply through a long column article when it might have been answered in two words-the ocean. But it is not so easy to answer eatisfao. torily the question as to what becomes of the preolous metals. That a vastb amount has been extracted from the earth, accord ing to an English writer, who, of course, must depend to a great degree upon guess work-not loss than 5,000,000,000 dole. since the days of Noah, in gold and silver -there can be no doubt, Of this amount he thinks 3,200,000,000 dols. have beeoon produeod since the discovery of America. The Christian world is credited with hav ing had two thousand millions, most of which has boon disposed of by shipwrecks, gilding, fire, and various other ways, as oeffectually, we might suggest, as many of our citizens have disposed of theirs by in vesting in stook. He thinks this loss pro coeds at the rate of sixteen millions an nually, while the production he puts at forty millions, which is undoubtedly too low. One-half of the balance, three hun dred and fifty millions, he thinks is held in the form of plate and ornaments. Of the balance of throoee thousand millions in the anti-Christian world, waste and lose omitted he thinks that over a thousand millions have booeen hidden in Asiatic lands in different ages of the world; and he continues that it is well known that a thousand millions wore thus hidden in India and China In the six years succeeding 1851i that is, dur ing the time when wholesale murder and elaughter and wholesale robbery and de spollation were the business of the natives and their enemies. Onu would think China must be carpeted with gold-leaf, paved with silver dollars, glittering with the precious metals, did he think only of the vast sums sent there for hundreds of years past, little or none of which ever comes back. But somehow those metals have a fate there as they have elsewhere-they disappear. What became of all the gold with which Solomon covered his grand temple ? What became of all the Spanish spoils in South Americaand Mnxico ? One might ask such questions for over and over and be no wiser therefor. Gold and silver serve their purpose And disappear. as do the human race, and old boots, and all other material things, and there is none so wise as can toll us accura'ely what has become of them. When the faucet is turned where has the gas.light gone? one might ask, and the question would be as reasonable and perhaps as difficult to answer. We know pretty well where our little portion of gold and silver has gone, but that knowledge does not give us any particular gratiflcation.-Alta California. Tic PAUPER ROLL,.-Tho number of paupers receiving relief in England and Wales on the 1st of July, 1875, was 746,065; the returns show 134,238 in-door, and 612,268 out-door : but 441 are counted in both these classes, or twice over, having had both in-door and out-door relief on the day named. The paupers wore 1 in 30, or 833 per cent. on the population enune rated at the census of 1871. As we are nearly half-way towards the next census, the population is increased, and the true ratios are not quite so high as those just stated. The total is loss by 37,941, or 418 per cent., than at the corresponding date in 1874, The number of able-bodied pau pers--namely, 04,960-shows a decrease of 0,632, or 6'5 per cent.; in Lancashire, a decrease of 11'7 per cent., and in the me tr6polis 15 per cent. The number of adult able-bodied male paupers shows a decrease from 20,474 in July, 1874, to 18,043 in July, 1875\. The classification of the paupers, which deals with the gross number, 746,500, without a deduction for the 441 double entries, shows 184,388 adult males, being less by 8,385 than in July; 1874; 312,231 adult females, a decrease of 1,0657; 242,257 children, a decrease of 13,834; 3,202 vagrants, a decrease of 27. But the number of insane paupers has increased; the males being 23,295, an increase of 404; the females, 30,158, an increase of 638; the children, 1,025, an increase of 89. The total number of insane paupers in July, 1975, was 15,174 in-door, and 39,304 out door, the majority of the latter being in asylums. The total number of paupers shows a decrease of the in-door from 137,044 in July, 1874, to 134,238 in July, 1875, and a decrease from 640,404 to 612,268 in the out-door paupers. 