MELBOURNE LETTER. FBOM OUBOWN CORRESPONDENT. Wednesday Afternoon, There is no chance whatever that the Assembly will be dissolved as early as Mr. Service and other gentlemen desire. There is no business before the House which could not be transacted in three months; but the Government will take care to dilly-dally as much as they can. It is intended to carry on the session until March next, when Parliament dies a natural death. I was recently talking to a supporter of the Government, and said, in the innocence of my heart, " I suppose you'll close the session early, as there is nothing to do, and get the country to decide the vexed questions which you cannot settle." '' Dissolve," said my friend ; " don't you believe it; there will be no dissolution till Parliament drops into the grave prepared for it by the Constitution. Do you think the Government will part with its majority, which will do its bidding like an obedient child until the last moment ? Better have the majority which it has, and use it, than risk the chance of a majority in the next Parliament, which is not certain—indeed, not probable. The Government intend to draw their ' screws' to the last. Why, the £3000 or £4000 they'll get during their term of office will be a fortune to some of them—it'll set them up in life; and, then, do you think the majority will allow itself to be bustled out of their nice warm seats, and giveh up to the tender mercies of the electors ? No, sir, we've got the majority, and we'll do what we like ; and if the electors turn out against us, the Ministry, sir, will provide for their own, and make everything generally comfortable." Now, there is a pretty state of things ! Aud yet you will find that the above programme is the correct card ; as Mr. Service said last night, the country is bound hand and foot, and helpless, A Minister of the Crown ought to be manly, at least, and not to tell a lie, except where absolutely necessary. But a certain Minister got up a good few lies of a very stiff kind recently, in regard to the Electoral BilL It appears that he was waited upon by the whole Melbourne press, including the correspondents of the country papers, in the matter of the Electoral Bill. One gentleman in particular, who happens to be intimate with the Minister, but "vs ho is not, unfortunately, on the Melbourne dailies which support the Government, was very anxious to geb the bill. Him the Minister solemnly assured that it was not ready. '' But," said the wary reporter, " the Argus and Telegraph may get hold of it underhand." " Not the slightest fear," was the reply, '* no one will see it until you get it." The repcrter went to bed at ease with the world that night, joyful in the hope of anticipating the other papers ; but what was his horror to lind, when -at his matutinal tea and toast, that the two newspapers referred to had " gutted" the bill. It afterwards transpired that the bill had been handed to the representatives of the journals mentioned a few minutes after the aggrieved one left. So much for political honesty. "Who would place faith in princes or ministers after this ? It is said that the Ministers and the majority feel so aggrieved at the persistent \ attacks made upon them by the Age, that they intend, should that journal become ferocious, to " coalhole" the publisher. There are no lengths too great for the majority to go, seeing they threatened Mr. Ser- vice last night because he called the Treasurer's budget a piece of " dodgery, juggling, and prevarication." But they had better beware they do not go too far. The people have stood a great deal—a very great deal— but who is to judge how much more they will stand ? Not very much, I should think. James Joseph Casey "has formally renounced the devil and his works, in the shape of Sir James M'Culloch. From henceforth there will be enmity between the house of the Caseys and M'Culloch of that ilk. To quote an old" joke, "circumstances alter Case[yjs. I can now plainly see that Messrs Casey, Berry, aad Service "understand" each other. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy appears to be the elect of North Gippsland; but the National Reform League does not appear to like that "disingenuous" statesman. To-day high council was held as to the advisability of sending up a man to oppose him in the Liberal interest. Everyone views Duffy with distaste and suspicion, but the Gippsland electors seem to think well of him. "For my part, I do not think Sir Charles long for this world. HE looks quite a ghost. A PRICELESS BLESSING-. Health is a priceless blessing. Monarchs would barter their thrones to possess it, millionaries surrender their treasures in exchange for it. Unfortunately, it is often unattainable. But that it is not beyond the reach of nervous invalids, dyspeptic andrheumsitic^ufferers, the victims intermittent and remittent fever, persons debilitated by sickness and those naturally infirm, is sufficiently proven by the remedial victories over these complaints and disabilities ef UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM ABOMATIC SCHNAPPS. . .,, HOLLOWA^'S ''OINTMENT AND PILLS.—For the cure of burns, scalds, "wounds and ulcers, this justly celebrated Ointment stands unrivalled, Its balsamic virtues, immediately on application, lull the pain and smarting, protect the exposed nerves from the air, give the vessels the vigor necessary to heal the sore,-and confer on the blood a purity which permits it only to lay down healthy flesh in place of that destroyed. Holloway's Pills, simultaneously taken must assist the Ointment's purifying and soothing power. Together, these medicines act like a charm; no invalid, after a fair trial, has found them fail to relieve his pain, or completely cure his disease. The combined action of the Ointment and Pills, in all disorders, is too irresistible to be withstood. The coroner, in summing up a recent case, pointed out to the jury that there *vras no evidence whatever that the deceased had come to her end by foul play, and therefore there vras nothing else for them to do but to return a verdict of "Death by the visitatibn of God." The jury, however, thought it dignified to retiie for a consideration. They_ dared not, of course, give a verdict right in the, teeth of the coroner's sumtoing up, and so, after a long consultation, this is how they satisfied their own consciences and the demands of justiceWe- fiad that the deceased died by a visitation oMJoil, but under the most suspicious eircumstanoes.^ 