A SAINT TO A SEINER. An old resident in Geelong lias lately been much exercised in his mind in en deavouring to divine who the unknown friend could be that had shown an in terest in his spiritual welfare by forward ing newspapers published in Utah advo cating the Mormonistie faith and contain ing long expositions by Brother Pratt and others: The mystery has .been solved by a letter via England received by the mail yesterday. The writer proves to be a distant relative whom the recipient never saw, to his knowledge, being, he believes, in long clothes, or at least not far advanced in infancy, when he left Scotland to join a regiment. From that time till now the gentleman referred to hits never heard from his relative, and had all but forgotten that such a person was in existence. The purport of the letter is to convince the recipient of it of tiie truth of the Mormon' faith. Tliis comes rather strangely front one whose father ivas a much esteemed elder of the Established Church in a country district in Scotland, showing as it does that the pure simple faith of the one had not been received by the other. He says—" I wrote home some time since and obtained your address. If you receive this, please write. I took my discharge from the re giment at the Cape of Good Hope with a prisoner, and remained there about ten years, when I heard of the " latter-day saints and being convinced of the truth of their doctrines, I embraced the faith, and am now in Utah territory, United States of America. In coming here I had to give up my pension, but that never gave me any trouble. X knew it ivas tlie truth I had embraced, and that bread lvould be given me, and v.-ater would be sure. I have now been here 15 years, and never have had cause to regret com ing. As a community we are everywhere spoken against; but if God be for us, who can be against us ? We have been brought from the Xorth, South, East, and West; from every part almost of the globe, one of a city and two of a family, in order that we may be prepared for the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. Per haps you would like to hear what we believe inFirst, in the Lord Jesus Cln-ist. Second, to repent of our sins. Tliird, in the necessity of being baptized for the remission of them by one having authority. Fourth, in having hands laid on our hearts to receive the Holy Ghost which will lead and guide us into all truth, and shew us things past, present and to come, if we live up to our reli gion. These are a fete of the points in our belief. It is no use writing about any mor? of them at present.". The writer of this rather impious epistle closes by say ing that some good men had left Utah with good news and glad tidings, and re commended the receiver of the letters to go and hear them, with the view of being shewn truth from error. Possibly the gross immoralities practised by the Saints are among the tilings not needed to be referred to at present. 