ISELM7D. JOHN OF TTJAM'S ATTITUDE IN IBISH POLITICS. At a recent meeting of the Home Rule League in Dublin, Professor Galbraith of Trinity College moved a vote of thanks to Archbishop M'Hale for having given to their cause ' the splendid authority and tho sanc tion of his great name and character.' and for ' his noble words of patriotism, wisdom, and true liberality.' In the course of a warm tribute to the venerable prelate, Mr. Gal braith related the following suggestive little incident : — 'In the month of June last I had the privilege to be present at his (the Arch bishop^s) jubilee as oue of the representatives of the Irish Home Rule League, when the clergy and people of his diocese assembled to do him honour. I was his guest on the occasion, and he, the oldest Catholic bishop in Christendom, did not hesitate to place mo a Protestant clergyman, in the highest post of honour at his table which it was in his power to assign (cheers) ; and why was this P I venture to answer for him. It was because, forgetting that I worshipped at another altar, and was subject to another religious discip line, he recognized in me an honest fellow labourer for the honour and welfare of dear old Ireland (cheers).'' THE ANCIENT MONUMENTS OP IRELAND. The uaiiy Jixpress says :— ' At a general meeting of the Royal Irish Academy last night, the president, Dr. Sfcokes, delivered the inaugural address, iu the course of which, after refering to several of the more interest ing papers read before the academy during last session, he said he sincerely hoped that Sir John Lubbock's Ancient Monuments Bill would be passed dunng the next session of Parliament. He also desired to draw attention to the extremely defective character of the list of ancient Irish monuments now before the_ Church Temporalities Commis sioners, a list which only specified twenty monuments. Of the 125 Round Towers, which were noted as in existence at tho close of the last century, only 75 were now; stand ing. ' The great crosses, which exhibited the most ancient and most perfect examples of sculpture in the country, and a much larger number of the most . important and ancient churches, should be included in the list. Dr. Stokes expressed his ., gratification that the Board of Works had entrusted the supervision '- of these . monuments to Mr. Deane. The work of preservation, rather than of res tora-; tion, already achieved at Cashel and Ardmore - ive the best hopes for the cause of thic d apartment of archeology. LAND TENURE IN IRELAND. Mr. E. W. O'Brien, son of William Smith O'Brien, has written an important letter on the subject of land-tenure in Ireland. Not only, he says, does the existing condition of serfdom paralyse the energies of the tenant, impoverish ths labourer, and depress the merchant, but does not even benefit the land lords as much as if a more equitable system vvere in force. It is, he adds, a sad and un natural spectacle to behold able-bodied men and women pouring every year, in tens of thousands, to the most distant regions of the earth, while at their very -doors,. Jie, un dsainM end half 'cultivated, the £el# which might easily be made to yield them abun dant sustenance and employment. Is it any wonder that a deep sense of wrong, a oullen discontent, should brood over such a land? Haying shown that Gladstone's Land Act entirely faih to protect the tenaufc -farmer against an extortiona'e landlord, Mr. O'Brien proceeds to suggest the remedy. His pro position agrees, in its main features, with what the Irish World's London correspondent has always contended for, namely, to have the ten ants invested with proprietary rights iu the soil ; the purchase money to be advanced to them from the public funds, and repaid in yearly instalments. This plan has the merits of simplicity and fairness to recommend it ; for which reason we may presume it will receive but scant favour in the British parliament. A CASE OF JUGGLERY. We do not (the Irishman saj's) forget tha attempt to blow up tho Albert statue in the Leinster Lawn, but until this week the public were not made aware of the extraor dinary manner in which the trial of the accused was conducted. Two bills vvere sent to the Grand Jury, one containing two charges — attempting to blow up the .statue, tho other for having arms in a proclaimed district. The second bill was simply an indictment on the second count— that is, for having arms. A grand juror hn.9 written to the Freeman to say that the grand jurors decided upon finding a true bill on the first indictment, leaving the consideration of the second count until they came to the second bill. Having examined the evidence on the charge of having arms they found no bill. But what followed ? The prisoner.'; were tried on both counts, and found guilty on both, although the grand jury had thrown out the bill containing the second count! The injustice of this conduct on the part of the Crown prosecutors needs no comment. The whole case must bo re- opened on a writ of error, and at once, for anything so scan dalous to the administration of'lawcan hurdly be conceived. Really ifc would appear that the people would require a Legal Vigilance Committee to watch the proceedings of our courts. THE iniSH FISHERIES. At a recent weekly meeting of the Home Rule League Dr. Ward adverted to the decline of the Irish fisheries. Tho utter neglect, of, if not the hostility of the ruling powers to, that most important branch of Irish industry was exposed in a most tho rough and effective manner by the member for Galwny. The facts stated by Dr. Ward are simply startling. In 1S1G, the number of boats and vessels engaged in the Irish fisheries numbered 20,000, and the men and boys 113,000, now the number is respectively 7000 vessels, and 27,000 man and boys. And as for the measure passed last session of Parliament, he stigmatized it as an insult : for it turns out that under that measure-only £1400 is applicable to tho relief of the fisher men, while the applicants for aid number more than thirteen hundred ! Dr. Ward literally '' brought down the house ' when, after having demonstrated by unimpeachable facts and figures the destruction of the Irish fishery trade, he indignantly asked would it not have better for the fishermen if they had gone to the battle-field and died there instead of perishing slowly of starvation. THE MANCHESTER MARTYRS. The Nation of the 27th November reports : ' The celebration of the Manchester anniver sary took place on Sunday. As usual, remarkable and ' imposing demonstrations took place in Dublin, Cork, Drogheda, and aud other places in Ireland ; and in England also tke marbyrs vvere remembered in a pious and touching manner. As to the demonstra tion in Glasnevin cemetery, we may mention that amongst the memorials visited by the procession was the ' Sfcowell Cross,' which had been most appropriately decorated for the occasion by loving hands. The demons stration in Cork deserves more than a pass ing notice. Counting only those, says the Cork Examiner, who marched in line, there were 10,000 men, with fourteen bands and thirty banners ; and nearly every district in the county was represented in the gathering. Nor were the wealthy classes unrepresented in the gathering. The Mayor of Cork occu pied the chair and delivered an appropriate address, - and amongst the other speakers were two or three ' other 'members of the Corporation, besides 'the senior member for the 'city: Mr;1 Ronayne's address on this occasion was a bold and striking one. ' ' ' THE CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY, The annual meeting of the Catholic University took place on Thursday, 11th November. His Eminence Cardinal M'Oldskey attended, . and at the close of the academic business of the day, having been presented with an address by the rector and the professors, delivered a short speech in reply. On entering the University chapel there was a ringing ' cheer for the Irish American Cardinal.' Monsignor Woodloek, the rector, delivered a very interesting state ment, in which he reviewed the history of the University from its foundation, alluded to recent attempts in Parliament to settle tho question of higher education in Ireland, -and c'jited some facts illustrating the work in which he and his colleagues have feees^ osi» gepd during the paafc year. It io pEccimt £p feQam that m assay es 179 ptadsc*3 cs&I-y; ? if ? , ^~_^ — »—««sa culated lasrt session ; tha t, besides 266 stu« denta in tho affiliated colleges (which no\r numbered 41), 140 followed the courses of the University ; that thdre is every reason to expect that this number will bo much increased this year as already the entrances in art are much, moro numerous than they were during the whole of lasit session ; that tha Bene dictine College for the teaching of agri« culture in connection with the University is open, and is steadily filling; and, finally, that, exclusive of two or three con siderable bequests, the university re ceived last year from the poor Irish Catho-' lie people over seven thousand pounds ster ling ? Such facia as these surely indicate pro* gress. At a meeting oil the Historical Society the rector of the university presided, aud, the auditor's address was delivered by Mr. Gerald Griffin, Sell. Prom this address, which was a very able, and, indeed, brilliant one, and which dealt with the f( Philosophy of Literature,' we make the following ex tracts : — It is not too much to nfiirm that thd inception of a literature can only be brought about under a free government, where the sovereign is restrained aud the subject pro tected, either, by immutable laws, or tho in security of. the monarch's situation in case he becomes tyrannical. Freedom of dis cussioii is one of the chief requisites for & healthy tone of thought among tho people, Yfhen, therefore— -as in some very modern monarchies- -the expression of opinions dis tasteful to the ruling power fa made an offence punishable by law, it would be hopeless to expect that letters can flourisih. But yriiile it seems that a free government is a neeesu sity for the rise of a literature), it will not bo contended that it is one of tho requisites for its further growth, v/hen once tho lore of study has impressed itself on any consider able section of tho people. A despotic or arbitrary rule will, it is true, effectually crush any attempt at independence of mind. So the prevalence of anarchy will prevent men, the principal part of whose leisure is em* ployed in the endeavour to protect the pro ducts of their industry from the rapacity of the powerful, from devoting themselves at all to literary pursuits ; and will cause in them an indiiierencej perhaps even si dis taste, for composition. The influence of any system of religion in particular is not a topic on which it would be proper to dwell afc length, though ifc would certainly bo a mis take to pass ifc over altogether. Its effects on literature may be considered with reference to the moral and doctrinal teaching of tho dominant creed. . . . The distinguish ing characteristic of the reform religion-— private judgment in matters of doctrine — is sufficiently evident in the impress which it has stamped on the literature of England. That literature, in which, however, since the change of three centuries ago, some of the Catholic sentiment of tho old time lingers still, with the vitality of all preseeuted opinv ions exhibits throughout almo3t its whole extent a contempt for authority, and over confidence in one's own faculties, which can arise from this cause alono. Catholic litera ture is quite otherwise ; it is thoroughly conservative, and while allowing full play for independant opinion, seldom passes over the bounds which authority has marked out. To the consequences of the reformed principles, if consis tently carried out, thoro is aud can be no limit. Catholics need not feel inclined to deny that tho event (the Protestant Re formation) did really cause a wonderful ad° vauce in literary culture. Protestant writers are unfortunately prone to boast of it as an evidence of the truth of their religion. The fallacy of this argument is evidence of the truth of there having beon a change, not because it was it was a change for the better. History, too, affords us instances in which a similar effect followed the conversion of one nother to Mahometanism ; and, as fai? as we can judge, the like consequences would have ensued had tho change been to Budd hism or Confucianism, or to that peculiar form of atheism which the votaries of so called modern science affect. . .' . . It would perhaps seem strange to conclude this address without, adverting to the , imfortu ; nately low state of our own country with re spect to literary culture. It is a surprising; thing that a nation with five and, a half millions. of inhabitants should be practically without publishers ; that . four millions of Catholics are unable to support a single Catholic magazine. We have, it is true, the Dublin Review, but it is printed and pub» lished in London. The intellect of the country is flocking to a foreign capital for a support which it would in vain expect at home. Could a similar remark be' applied io Belgium, with a million less of inhabitants ; or to Scotland, containing little more than half what Ireland possesses P The truth is that the Catholics want oducation, and the nation requires literary unity. A great national university, wliero Irishmen of all creeds can be educated; side by' side without prejudice to the religious principles of any, . if it could be created, can alone effect these two objoefcs. A way to accomplish this baa already been pointod out by a distinguished statesman. Let each denomination have its j college where it may instruct it o own qtudents; but ia jaattw vM pei'tsiRwg tp yoligioa lot1 [I ^ ? — 1 1 Irishmen bo no longer divided. As a people ! yithout a legislature of their own can bo ' \ neither prosperous nor free, so Ireland must ' ' jiavo a cational university before it can have :. a national 'literature. ! j THE VISIT OF C AH DISTAL M'CLOSKEY. The visit of the Cardinal Archbishop of Jfew York is naturally suggestive of niany 1 considerations, one of which is the influence ; that the Irish race has deservedly achieved : in tho administrative government of the : Church. A thousand years ago Ireland sent missionaries to every part of Europe ; to-day ...: she sends priests to evangelize every region of the globe. As regards Great Britain i more than 90 per cent, of its Catl-olic popu lation, and at least 80 per cent, of its Catholic colonial population, are of Irish de scent. It' the Cardinal Archbishops of Dublin and of Westminster may be said to represrnt the Irish race at homo and in the British Colonies, the Car : diual Archbishop of New York represents almost as many of the children of St. Patrick as his two brothers of Dublin and West minister together. No national Church in Christendom has a history even approach ing that of the United States. The official census, at diflernfc dates, demands notice. In the year 1790 tho population of the States was 3,920,328 ; in 1800 it was 5,305,925 ; in 1820 it was 9,038,131 ; in 1830 it h;id reached 12,800,020 ; in 1840 it was 17,069,-153 ; in 1850, '23,191,870 ; in 1SGO it had amounted to 31,413,321 ; in 1870, in spite of the war, it was 38,558,371; and in 1875, 44,381,000. ?The recortlfj of humanity exhibit no sucti ex pansion. The Centenary of American Inde pendence, next year, will find more than fifteen times as many people in the United States as there were when the Republic was proclaimed. If we fix upon 1845, when the Irish famine appeared, and assuming the j population of the United Slates to have then been about fourteen millions, we iind an in- ; crease within the last thirty years of more than thirty-millions, or a population nearly ' equal to that of tho throe kingdoms. This ; marvellous expansion arose from immigration, to which the Irish race was the greatest con tributors. It was these exiles of Erin that . laid the foundation of that great Church in ? the United States, which includes more than ten millions of Catholics, with splendid : churchesj noble colleges and schools, a vast priesthood, numbers of religious houses, scores of bishops, and now a Cardinal Arch bishop. ~No thoughtful person can view un moved this unexampled spectacle in the his ; tory of the Church. Germany has contri buted a-lavge number of Catholics, but the overwhelming mass of the Catholic element ; in the United States is of Irish origin. The designs of Providence arc often inscrutable, yet few can hesitate to regard the planting of the Catholic faith in America, through the domestic affliction of the Irish people, as . other than the work of Heaven. On these grounds the visit of Cardinal M'Closkey to the home of his own race and that of most of his spiritual children is full of deep and ; touching interest, and his Eminence is sure of a welcome becoming his exalted rank, and worthy of the affectionate care that he has ever bestowed on his exiled countrymen. He, like his illustrious predecessor, Archbishop Hughes, another son of St. Patrick, and like Archbishop Purcoll, of Cincinnati, has gal '?? lantly fought the battle of Catholic education | : against the common school system, and lias I ; some chance of defeating his opponents. [-?; During the Irish famine, and at subsequent j times of distress, he was foremost amongst the Episcopate of America in forwarding generous aid towards their relief at home, and in protecting those that emigrated. When the Irish prelates required assistance to found their university Bishop M'Closlrey led the way in the work of generosity. Coming now, laden with merited honours from the Holy Sep. as the guest for a brief ; period to the Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin, ; Cardinal M'Closkey will receive an ovation : of public, of national respect worthy of the Irish and of the American people. —Tablet, i November 13. ; ' A BIEMOBABLE SCENE IN TEINITY. '? \ The scene which closed the proceedings of \ the College Historical Society on Wednesday | last was of an importance which may vainly ; | ; be attempted to be disguised. The students I ; of Trinity College, by an outburst of generous j i Irish feeling, let us say it, of patriotic enthu ! ; siasm, have shown that not in vain have their | ; Catholic countrymen on a recent' memorable i i \ occasion staked faith and confidence ' I in the sure resurgence of National feeling j } i amongst the Protestants of Ireland. After1 I i the delivery of the admirable address i ! i of the Auditor, Mr. Gibson moved a vote of ' I 1 thanks to Mr. Campbell, and endeavoured j [ | ably but vainly to shake their approval of I certain passages in the address which he J thought ' too hard on England.' Mr. A. I i M. Porter seconded the motion. Whereupon I the assemblage commenced, with demonstra ] «ons increasing in favour, to demand that Mr. | -Butt, who occupied a seat on the platform, ! should next address them. Eventually they ] gave a hearing to Mr. O'Shaughnessy, M.P., j 'Who moved the next resolution—That the address be printed and circulated ; and ; ;ntormyas the meeting had been a moment: fwep it evidently felt well repaid for. the exceptional favour extended to the colleague ol' the distinguished. Trinity man wlioin t!i---y seemed so determined to hear. When i.iie j enthusiastic cheers which iollowed bia closing sentence — a beautiful and touching allusion to Grattan— had subsided, Mr. Eichey, Q.O., came forward to second the motion ; but not all Mr. liichey's characteristic eloquence and racy originality of thought and expression could now gain him a hearing; the cries for Mr. Butt drowning everything. The chair man, however, Mr. J'.. Kells Ingram, F.T.C.D., was respectfully and cordially greeted while closing the proceedings in a brief address. Then the storm of cheering and calling for Mr. Butt broke forth in great vigour ; and the students rushing in body to the edge of the platform, merely, as it was supposed, to greet the hon. and learned gentleman on his descending from it, quickly caught him in their arms, and, despite all his expostulations, raised him on i their shoulders, and ' chaired ' him down tho hall. On they went, bearing him triumphantly aloft, till they reached the stone steps outside the building. Here they sat him down j but, barring all attempt at escape, they insisted on his addressing to them a few words. Tho hon. and learned gentle man, who seemed deeply moved, at length said : — ' Gentlemen — I came here to night to be merely a spectator and a listener ; and I will say it was with real pride I listened to the address we have just heard. These walls, these halls are dear to me; they are with nio for ever associated with bygone days, when, like you, my young friends, I was an actor in scenes of youthful enjoy ment. The years that have rolled over me since then have brought me many emotions ; but I am not a bit ashamed to confess it, not one mare full of pride and gratification than those I now experience on finding that I have not been forgotten in the scenes of my early life, and greeted with such demonstrations of generous feeling by the students of Trinity College.' This brief address, spoken in a voice full of emotion, seemed to rouse the students to a still higher pitch of enthusi asm. Mr. Butt was attired in his robes as an LL D. of the University, and begged to go to Professor Galbraith's rooms for his hat and cloak. They did not lot him go ; they carried him along the quadrangle, and loudly demanded that Mr. G-albraith. should now appear and say a few words. Mr. Galbraith, however, was away from home — a fact tlio be-gowned crowd learned with deep disap pointment. They would make up for it, however, by chairing Mr. Butt on their shoulders 'as far as the street, sir — just as far as the street, if you please.' On they poured through the entrance gateway, which had to be unbarred full width to let the bounding, youthful throng pass through. Outside there happened to be in waiting the handsome equipage of Mr. Gibson, M.P. With an electric Hash of that ready wit for which Trinity has been famous from 'the days of Lever to the present hour, they de termined to appropriate the carriage and bear Mr. Butt home in triumph. In less time than it takes to describe the truly unique scene, a score of students, silencing all remonstrance from the coachman and foot man, unharnessed the horses, and Mr. Butt was forcibly thrust into the carriage. Half a dozers, collegians sprang on to the box-seat, a score or more seized the pole, and, raising a cheer that must have startled the military guard hard by, off they dashed through the outer gateway. Past the old Parliament House, around the Grattan pedestal and Kiug William, making a full circuit of historic College Green, they bore the popular leader ; nor would they, as lie begged, desist even then. Eight away through Westmoreland street, over Carlisle Bridge, and up Sackville street, the proces-ion went cheering, jubilant and joyous, till Mr. Butt was set down at his residence, the only living Irishman who was ever made the object of such a demonstra tion by the students of Trinity Oollege ?' Describing, or rather endeavouring to describe, a scene that in its significance will stir Iroland from the centre to the sea, one cannot pause to point the moral or note the lesson. For many years no event more full of hope for Ireland has been chronicled ; assuredly none more blessed in its promise of a happy future of concord between Irishmen of different creeds. Isaac Bu!t, the National leader, chaired through the halls of Trinity and drawn to his home in triumph by its students, is an event which marks a new era in Irish history ! God bless those young men ! Love oi; country finds a place in their breasts. Their hearts throb with generous impulse and unselfish enthusiasm. Youths to-day, they will be the men of to morrow — let us hope the Burkes and Berkeleys, and Grattans, and Cuvrans, and Plunketts, that will uphold the fame of Trinity and of Ireland in a future as bright as that past to which every Irishman turns with pride. — Nation, November 13. A MAGISTERIAL DELINQUENT. Mv. Thomas Eidgeway, a justice of the peace, was prosecuted last week at tho Quarter Sessions of Parsonstown for violently assaulting an old man, a labourer named Samuel Snow. The evidence of the prose cutor was to the effect that an old woman when dying, gave him a house whioli she had occupied for forty years , but the defendant ordered .hi;r- to ' nlvuv out,' as the place v/arj h;.s, and on hiss re -? us ing knocked him down and struck him with a stick. The defendant pleaded that ilie house and three roods of land attached had belonged to him and his ancestors, and admitted that he struck the complainant with a stick. The chairman commented strongly upon the conduct of the defendant, who, as he held the commission of the peace, should have set an example of obedience to the law. He thought that if the superior courts, before whom the matter had originally come, knew the facts, the case would not have been remitted to tho Sessions. To mark his sense of the defendant's repre hensible conduct he gave a decree for £30 with costs and £5 expenses. MUCICEOSS ABBEY AND INNISFALLEN. Muckross Abbey ! The monks have been at rest these hundred years ; the roof has fallen to decay, and in the open nave the grass has spread like a carpet under foot, and the ferns hanglike ragged tapestries i'rorn the chinks in tho wall. I doubt if thereis any ruin nioi;e charming than this. It is not extensive ; it is simply complete and satisfy ing. The trees reach in through the unglazed windows^and shake boughs with the sapplings, that grow close to the high altar and have reason to be spruce and fair to see. That dim cloister at Muckross, ho wit haunts me ! There is a great yew tree growing out of the heart of it and covering the whole with a green roof of leaves. The light that steals into this cloister is so soft and senti mental— -shall I use the word? that one easily imagines the rocks to be the ghost of the old monk complaining at the sacrilegious trespass of mere sight- seers, such as myself, for instance. The various tenantless, and now untenable chambers are pointed out by the. custodian ; but he hurries you from ruin to ruin so that you get but a glimpse of the clustered crosses in the yard where the dead lie, and the rooks scold at you with hoarse voices for your worldly and careless intrusion. Muckross Abbey is like a petrified sight ! It is the sweetest and the sombre st, and the most heartrending ruin imaginable. It is like a torn volume of a sacred history, or broken statue of a saint ; there is not enough of it to console you in the loss of that which is gone forever ; there is too much oi: it remaining to permit you to forget the magnitude of your loss. The flutter and the fall of leaves in the gusts of warm south wind ; a cloister full of shadows ?, a chapei crowded with weeds breast»high, a refectory haunted with bees and blossoms ; a crumbling tower, with the ivy folded about it like a mantle, and a cloud of rooks cla moring overhead — such is the Abbey as I remember it after hours and hours of whole some loafing that made me familiar with almost eyery stone in it. Innisfallen ! ' Sweet Innisfallen, fare thee well I' A verdant island with a ruined monastery scattered over it ; winding paths skirt the irregular shores. Every tree grows here, and every charm of nature seems re produced in little somewhere within its wave washed borders. There have been battles here, and monks massacred, but how long it seems. Now there cannot be found a more peaceful retreat : and with the lap of its waves in my ears, and photos of its myriad fluttering leaves and the rustle of the hoof of the sheep that feed here, I think of the day twelve hundred years ago, when St. Einian founded his abbey, and I wonder if he re alized then that he was building for the mo ment, as it were, Sweet Innisfallen, fare thee v/ell j May oalm and sunshine long be thine. How fair rJaou art let ochera ceil, While hut to fael how fair b8 mine ! That is Tom, again ; forgive me. I sleep with the ' Melodies' under my pillow these nights. Perhaps I do like Killarney better than I thought ; but I might like it better than I do if it were not so solemn. Ireland is the saddest, the most tearful, the lone-, somest spot on the face of the globe ? at least I am beginning to think so. — O. W. SXODDABD. 