Melbourne. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] August 18. THE majority against the want-of-confidence motion was twelve—I said, by anticipation, fifteen; but there were three absentees, and the Government had reckoned on all of them. The prior calculation was right to a unit, therefore. The moral retult goes with the numerical in this case. It was a stonewall demonstration rather than a serious attack on the Ministry, and the stonewallers hare not improved their position in the least by making it. There -was nothing at all of a damaging assault on the Ministry in the speeches of the atonewallers—no more simply than a series of random stump deliverances, to* gather with a most manifest lack of ability of every kind needful in conducting public affairs. . Herein lies the weak element in that party: they have not a man of mark amongst them, and not above two or three of even average calibre, which average in the present Assembly consists muohmore in width of bort than in projectile force or length of range. But there were two conspicuous names in the minority list whose appearance there troubled the Ministerial mind considerably—to wit, those of Meson. Casey and Service. These two are malcontent*, and form the Adullamite party. And truly it may be said of that same party, as John Bright onoe said of the Lowe-Horseman Adullamites in the House of Commons, that it is like the lady's Scotch terrier, respecting which nobody could well say which was the head and which the tail. The two malcontents have formedfan alliance, offensive and defensive, against the Treasurer, grounded purely on per sonal dislike. Mr.- Casey was erewbile Sir James' righthand man and most trusted colleague, and Mr. Service is altogether with the Ministry so far as principles go. But it requires no long experience of Victorian politics to oonvinoe any observer that, not prin ciples, but personal piques and shabby ambi tions, are a thousandfold more powerful than principles in directing men'B votes and speeches within the precincts of your honorable House. Howsoever it be, Messrs. Casey and Servioe voted with, the stonewallers ; and vet I would wager a trine, say the sincerity of one party against the patriotism of the other, that neither of them would accept office with that party were it offered them to-morrow. In the course of the debate, Ist me remind you, there were some stinging insults exchanged between each of the gentlemen named and the leader* of the Ministry, Insults of kind that the most Joblike men do not easily forget or forgive. It complicates the standing quarrel in the House very seriously to have Sir C Q. Duffy entering the arena onoe more. He was yester day elected for North Gipptland, to nil the vacancy caused by Mr. M'Kean's expulsion. It was a purely complimentary benefit conferred on Sir Charles by the grateful Gippslanders, whose rather remote and inaccessible territory he once spoke of in the Assembly as r<the new province." A, . Jooal man, named Davis, opposed him, but both candidates were unable, from weak health, to canvass the constituency. Their respective partisans did all the work. Sir Charles will, upon entering the House, take his seat on the cross-benches. He will be an enigma to both parties, playing for some time a deep and quiet game, with the ultimate design of breakwg-up both parties, and out of their fragments forming a third party, of which Sir C. Q. Duffy will be head, middle, and end, all in one. This is the way things are shaping at present Sir Charles did not visit Gippsland, as I have said. His utterances were made by proxy. And those utterances, on the crucial question of the Education Act, were of so dubious a nature, that all sorts of explanations and counter-expla nations were required. The upshot was that Sir Charles satisfied no party. On the one hand The Affftu denounced him for trimming, and on the other Dean Slattery banned him from the altar, at Geelong hut Sunday, as a recreant to the good cause of exclusive education. I merely state facts, and withhold oomment The new Electoral BUI is rather hanging fire. It has not yet been distributed, owing to alleged difficulties in arranging the boundaries of the new districts. It has, however, appeared in full in the columns of the Argus. The anti-Minis terial party are denouncing it as a huge dodge to secure all the seats for the followers of Sir James M'Culloch. The country people grumble at the unequal distribution of seats ; and a conference of rural delegates has been sitting this week in Melbourne to adjust the whole thing properly. These innocent Joskins have been gravely laying it down as » certain thing that the whole matter of adjusting the representation would be given over to them by the Chief-Secretary: and they waited on Mr. Macpherson to tell him so. Naturally, he did not exactly see the thing in that light, and told them so, whereat they re tired wrathful. The Argut gave them also a ▼cry severe lesson on the constitutional bound aries between municipal and State Government; between the tural Shire Council of Tinpot Gully and the Executive Council of Victoria. With these town experiences the rural delegates were fain to break up their self-appointed Parliament, and return homeward. I am very glad to report that the system of boarding-out the children of the State is suc ceeding admirably here. There are now 866 poor children domiciled in what, for them, are real homes, instead of being cooped up in a huge barrack. The Inspector-General reports that the children are, as a rule, kindly treated and find ing all but parental affection amongst their foster-parents; and this statement may be ac cepted without any reserve, seeing that no less than 100 local ladies' committees watch carefully over their welfare. I don't affirm that there are absolutely no instances of neglect or ill treatment, but these are the rare ex ceptions, and the rule always holds. Here, then, is a good example for Queensland to follow. The present writer had some #*n*H share in recommending the boarding- out plan to our Government, and may perhaps be allowed to rejoice a little in its success. It is a plan founded on unwavering faith in the general loyalty of mankind to those primal obligations and duties which, as Wordsworth beautifuUj says,"shinealoft likestan." The attack made by a madwoman W poor Lady Bowen, at the door of the Athennum. a few nights ago, was a circumstance of that kind which, however distressing it may be, is unavoidable by any human. precau tions. The woman was simply a lunatic, with out any special personal history. I rejoice to add that Lady Bowen is now none the worse for the outrage. It was one of the penalties which exalted personages pay for their position, and Queen Victoria herself too well knows what those are. r. Is it not a most praiseworthy feat in the old P. and 0. Company that they have given us, this month, our European and Indian mails nearly aix days before contract time ? "'Tia an excellent contract for us, being both expeditious and economical The Estimates are being fought slowly through the Assembly, but there is nothing new in toe financial line evolved. Always the promises of large reductions, and sweeping modifications in the overgrown Civil Servioe staff are repeated as usual For me, I have heard these promises too often to put any faith in them. So Coleridge said, he had seen too many ghosts to believe in them. . Dr. Beaney made a brave effort the other day to come td the political front He suddenly bethought him of standing as a candidate for the Central Province (Upper House), there being a vacancy through effluxion of tim*. Just as the post office dock was striking six, the Doctor's nomination paper was handed in, and the returning officer received it under protest But the next day he announced that the paper came to him too late, the Act providing tiut he should get it some time before six o'clock. Therewith the Doctor and his backers were oompelled to be satisfied. The battle of Wheels against Tolls is still being fought All the rural population declares for tolls against wheels, and condemn the new bill for the maintenance of main roads in toto. It is as good as defunct, I think. John Chinaman has once more outwitted the Fanqui in the matter of petty gambling. In spite of special Acts and adverse decisions in police and Supreme Courts, John perseveres in indulg ing in the delights of fan-tan and pak-a-pu. The Little Bourke-street gambling houses are again in full blast The men in blue look on, helpless and indignant No law, no authority, no moral suasien, no anything, appears to have the least effect on John Chinaman in this matter. Mrs. Scott Siddons is still enchanting us all with her Juliet For myself, lam as incapable of coldly criticising such a perfect performance as I am of picking holes in Shakspeare. It if Juliet—Shakapeare's own Juliet Three times I have hung spell-bound over that bewitching performance, and I am going again to-nightl have lived in Verona in the days of the Capulets and Montagues, as lately I roamed, with the same glorious actress, through the sylvan glades of enchanted Arden. Emmett is still carrying delighted crowds with him through the motley adventures of Fritz, the German-American. And the Fakir of Oolu still, like Katerfelto, "with his hair on end, at his own wonders wondering for his bread," charms the women and children nightly. Weather very changeable; one day brightly summerlike and the next piercingly wintry. 