A HEART STRUGGLE. A TALE IN TWO PARTS. Part the Second. < . " My father shall know all," I said to myself when the first agony of grief was over. But when we met at the breakfast-table next morning courage failed me. I knew my father s violent disposition far too well to venture further in the course which 1 had marhed our ior mysen. A storm in a tea-cup, thanks to my mother's docility and my father's temper, was a storm indeed. The quiet submission of the lady- of the honsehold only served to aggravate the violence of its lord, when his hot blood was aroused. No, the secret that stirred in my . heart like .a snake must be hidden yet a while. I would take time | to think and act. Disguise it as I might from my own heart, I loved the minister, and I loved him none the less because I pitied his unfortunate brother ; I was in a painful dilemma. Apart from the cir cumstances which made a connection with Mr. : Macbraith unfilial, I could not help feeling that I was staking my happiness on a dangerous hazard. A gloomy morbid cloud, unfavourable to the growth of domestic happiness, and fatal to a woman's peace, hung about the lives of the: two men with whom I had become so suddenly! and strangely associated. I feared the minister! in his dark moods more than I feared his brother in his wild moods. He was high-principled,! but headstrong and passionate ; and I fancied, that he loved me more than he dared or cared to confess. . . J With my father, so far as his position in re-! lation to Mr. Macbraith was concerned, I had! little sympathy. 1 never for a moment doubted the truth of the dark story I had heard thatj night at the manse. ' I did not venture out of doors for some days, for I felt quite worn out with anxiety. My braii was overwrought, my heart ached. The gloomy fretful cloud on the face of my mother, who dared not expose my position, provoked and tortured me ; when our eyes met, there was cunning in mine, and spleenful reproach in hers. The first day I ventured out of doors I wan dered involuntarily over the marshes to Rab Gibson's Dyke. It was a gloomy morning ; to p sky was dark and cloudy, and threatened rainL The marshy ground was covered by a thin yel low mist, in the midst of which one stray sickly sunbeam went and came fitfully. Close by th!e Dyke, I came suddenly upon the minister. Bje was pa-cmg up and down, with a book in his hand ; but I could see that his thoughts did ndt follow the printed page. When he glanced up and saw me, the blood on his Stern face flushed from red heat to white heat. I recoiled, half frightened, with a beating heart. He closed his book quietly, and came towards me. " I have been waiting for you," he exclaimed quietly. ! " Waiting for nm. sir," I murmured, with ajn appealing look. j " Yes, aaara. I knew you must venture out sooner or later, and I was sure that instinct would lead you to this spot. I have consequently made this place my study for the last few morn ings." 1 stood still, very pale, with my eyes bent upon the ground, and returned no 'answer. j "I desire, ' madam, to apologise' for my brother's violence, and for my own words spoken in the heat of passion." . ' ( j He spoke bitterly, not humbly, and there was a sneer on his face when he sppke;' ' > " Your brother," I said, " is iiangerous, and ought not to be suffered to go at large. " : ! He frowned grimly. He looked very strange in his large eccentric cloak and Guy Fawkes hat ; he seemed like some ghost of a time andi a society long before departed.. _ ; " Miss Jessie Hay man, my brother is dearjer to me than life itself, ana I 'have sworn to do my duty by him. Whilst I am able to protect him, he shall never enter an asylum. Shall I add that you should be the last woman in the world to make such a proposal ?" : " Spare your taunts, Mr. -Macbraith. If the account you gave me he true — " If it be true !"he cried fiercely. " Do ypu doubt it ? Look into your father's face, as ybu tell him what I have told you, and then doubt it. Enough of this. You have-been put to tin-: ; nessary pain ; but we also have suffered.' "Good morning: I have said all I came to say, and will now leave ybu. tl He turned on his heel and moved away. My blood rushed up hotly to my face and ears, my head swam, I felt wild and reckless in my pas sion. I would sacrifice all for this dark, moody twiBj who towered so far ftbpve me by virtue of his stem strength. i IMhwiliieiWi 1" I eiinif untTrurr i - toipribe. j ; .j ,(.! T), vrJt "ir'ru'i | f'gfapejou heart? ve. you, a| mfo? Ganypu peve %J bitterness of my pjmfn £ ; "f have pity, Miss Jessie ; andi pity you. (Sqd forve me J" ( , t;;: . . M;-i! iThe sum was a mystery to me. flhs outer ood changed from storm to calm, as if obeying .e mntnnn« of an uncontrollable souL Ab he spoke, his dark face looked mexpretoibly beauti ful in its softening charity. ; Could he, lheu,' be Ficked and desperate ? The soft look conquered e, and I burst into tears. He did UjOt movb. ( " We live in a hard world, young lady," he Said gently; "and blessed are thoi$e.jbhat are able to weep. There is no sorrow WitoOUt aim pid sin .scorches the sweet . tears out of us. Farewell 1" " ' Stop !" I pried hysterically. " He turned with a strange look of wonder, ; and made a sudden step towards me. . . " Oh, have pity ! have pity !" I cried. I Soyeyou." . ; . | Joy, like a sunbeam, feU luminously, on bis rface, as he caught me. in his arms with a c., j " I thought so ; I hoped so, "he sMd,qlaSp- iug me in his strong arms. " It is enough. God iforgive me if I sin, dear, girl ; but I have not courage to give you up. I am a coward, 1 say ; (but for your sake, Jessie, I will sacrifice all. ! I shuddered, in spite of myself, at the con- jfession I had made in my excitement. I was blind with tears as I struggled to escape from I his embrace. „ _ . j "Let me go," I cried ; if you love me, let /me go. I, was macL" ; "Jessie 1". .. . . In an instant he released me. Drawing back a few feet, he stood looking at me calmly and quietly. Rut I did not move from the spot. 1 Sadly and nervously I returned his gaze. He approached with bent head, and took my hand. I " D© you, then, wish to recall the words spoken to me a few moments ago ?" I made no reply. . " I insist upon an answer," he cried. " VV'are you trifliDg with me ?" " I was not," I answered firmly, compressing my. teeth and lips to keep my- courage up. " Thanks, thanks 1 I am to believe that you love me, Jessie?" . . " Yes." "Perhaps I err in thanking Heaven that it is . so. I do err, if the love I bear you be a sinful ; one ; hut let us pray that it is riot so. What 1 if Fate were to accomplish her ends by your means, and to accomplish them gently ? I bowed my head and said nothing. His eyes were fixed on mine with a strange fascinating gaze. " And you will marry me, Jessie ! Ybu will1 be mine, dear girl, will you riot ? ' I trembled in spite of myself, for I saw my father's wrathful face and heard my mother's. chiding voice. Whither did my duty urge me ? and would either path lead to peace arid happi ness ? " You hesitate, " he exclaimed, watching me keenly. " I perceive your doubts, and they are important ones. Yet, be assured, your marriage with me may or may not cause unpleasantness at first ; but it will eventually produce much good. Remember, Jessie, that by marrying me you may atone for great and fearful crime." "Do not name it," I cried, with a shudder. " I will not. You will marry me sooner or later, Jessie?" " Sooner or later, yes." He caught me in Ins arms, and, pressing me closely to his bosom, kissed me tenderly. The morning grew darker and darker around us as lie took my arm, and we walked slowly side by side by the path over the marshes. There was a storm brewing, but we thought only of the storm within, arid heeded nbt. Side by side we walked under the clouds and through the mists;, His face was turned to mine, and it wore aglo- that might have been triumph and might have been affection ; bnt in the eyes a deep inde scribable tenderness, or " such it seemed to be, lingered — lingered like the soft halo round a star when it is fading. Both were silent. Our thoughts were too terribly beautiful for. ut terance. My pulses throbbed thickly with paita. and fear that were almost happiness. I coulid have died for the love of that man, if need be, then and there. The growing clouds, the floating mists, the silver glamour around the far- disfcarit mountains, the solitude of the marshes, were portions of a strange dream, in which I seemed to lose all consciousness of . individual bejn&. Never before had I experienced such profouml emotion. Yet never, I believe, was my emotion less apparent. We went into no visible rapture?- ; we made no ostentatious display of our love tor one another. Onr souls mingled in the dreadfril silence of their hope. This silence was at laist . broken by the minister. " Jessie," he said, with a sad smile, drawing me close to him, and looking bravely into my eyes — " Jessie, does it occur to you that ours is a very strange wooing?" I looked into his face inquiringly. " For myself," he continued, " I am unaccus tomed to strong demonstrations ; but I aim seventeen years older than ypu, dear girl, amd that fact may account for my seeming apathy. To you, however, who are young. and ignorapt of the world, I must seem sadly . cold and dull Tell me, Jessie, are you not a little romantic i?" " Not at all," was the reply. But he looked incredulous. ; " That you are not a novel-reader I am already aware ; and I am also aware that you are frjee from those foolish heroic: notions which so often mislead young women. : Perhaps you interpreted my' question too narrowly. Your romance, I if you have any, only assumes .a; sacrificial form: Perhaps you have exaggerated notions as to the self-sacrifice and resignation necessary to„ yolur sex?" . . . . ' . : ,.i . | "I think not, Richard.", ! j He started, colouring slightly. . It was . the first time that I had ventured to call him by Christian name. He immediately recovered hiin- self, and gave a light laugh. J " Don't think me rade," he observed. " It is the first time since I- was a boy that a woman has called me by -my .Christian name, and tRe word sounded odd in my ear. Yon are right, Jessie ; you only exert your privilege." " Does the freedom offend you ?" I asked, with timid coldness. " No !" he exclaimed, with a burst of joy. ; The gleam passed from his face, and he fell into a reverie, from which I, myself full ' of matter for reflection, did not: venture to disturb him. But the clouds increased imd darkened, and I at last said, " Let us turn! now, or tHey will miss me at home," He turned without a word. We shall have a storm soon," bo observed, calmly! ooking up, after a pause, t---. /'l , . J .» < i -.'f iiyijtM'ii uOii cO-'ii'i ijjdV/' .iaiii oca oi LjjJi- i oii: As ho Hpnikfl, Iheia jrai \ .harsh voices abo ve us, and the hr seeuieq to : was a bright broad, flash, which ainiost blmadd ' us, a|id ri mtouto rifterward the thunder groaned bly.Rlbtiiie 'bf thMea'Tifcans in pain. He ytoppbd1 me suddenly.' _ ; Btonri i" he said, in adeep low voice. " That hqa been my life ever since I can remem ber ; but yonder clouds throw secure darkriess byetvmy love, for ; you, and harmonise with the briatings of my heart. Or are they,_ as I fear, a threat— waning ? Do I sin in lovuig one who, by "virtue of her birth, is part of my brother's wiring? Do I forfeit my duty to my brother by loving yon ? Jessie, Jessie, answer — is it so ?" " Richard !" I exclaitned imploringly. He pressed his lips close to mine, and kissed me passionately. " Ilove yon, I love you," he murmured, with out his usual sternness. " If you indeed love me, Richard — if you love me as you say — why this dreadful straggle ? Is it not written that love is all-sufficient, . that it heals all wounds, that it is all in all to each — holy, holy ? Oh; Richard dear, if yon love ine, think that this love is a sacred toast that Heaven has given you ; donbt it not, doubt it not, and all- will be well. True, true love is always right ; it cannot err, it cannot stain or injure any one of God's creatures. " As I finished the sentence, a flash of lightning : lit up our faces, and both, I felt, were full of truthful love. I was violently agitated. Had I spoken like a selfish woman, or like a heroine ? ; Enough that he was satisfied ; for brightness lingered on his face, even when the lightning- flash 'had died away. " You are wiser and better than I. Blessings upon your true heart, my darling 1 Pity ine, comfort me. I am a minister of the Gospel, hut there is a darkness on me. Be my teacher." " Richard !" Again that trembling appealing cry, which sprang out of the yearning of my heart. " I am only a poor weak girl ; but, oh, I love you dearly ; and, for better for worse, I will be your true and constant wife." The joy of that moment ! We forget the lightning and the thunder, the fierce para phernalia of the soul, and stood gazing at each other in our great and strange love — a love that was never, never to die, even when " death did us part." "Jessie," he cried, " it would be glorious to die now !" The lightning sprang out from heaven like a fiery sword, rebuking him. We now hurried on. " To die," I said, "is less noble than to live. If we have loads to bear, Richard, love will give us strength to endure ; but let us not yield till we are crushed by a load that it is beyond our power to carry further." We were now in the immediate neighbour hood of our house. I trembled, not at the storm. " Are you afraid, deargirl ?" said the minister tenderly. ''Nay, he assured by your own sweet philosophy. Love defies all elements, and is its own talisman against all earthly ills." But the clouds now broke, and the rain fell down in torrents, drenching us to the skin in a moment, and putting an abrupt conclusion to the passionate poetical speech. With the gal lantry of a younger man, and, in spite of my remonstrances, he took off his great cloak and flung it over my shoulders. I begged him to proceed with me no further ; hut he was ex cited, and paid no attention to my remon strances. We hurried along, side by side, and at last we halted before my father's gate. We were concealed from the eyes of any inmates of the house by the thick trees in the garden. He hurriedly pressed his lips to mine, and murmured in my ear, " If possible, be at the manse this evening. Nay, you can trust me, and I have much to say to you." With a passionate farewell, he left me. Quite bewildered, I ran immediately into the house. Soaked to the skin, I was hurrying upstairs, when I met my father, who had only just arisen. I had hardly noticed him in my agitation, and I was passing him with a quiet morning greeting, when hs touched me on the shoulder, and com manded me to stop. I stopped, lifting my eyes timidly to his face. To my surprise, he frowned, turned alternately red and pale, and seemed violently agitated. I trembled for the first time, fearful lest he had discovered my secret. " Where have you been, child ?" he asked impatiently, with a glance of . great suspicion. I told the truth, not the whole truth. "I was out for a walk, papa, and was caught in the rain." He was not satisfied. " Change your clothes, " be said with quiet rage, " and come to me im mediately in the study." "Yes, papa." Once in my bedroom I forgot my bodily plight, and threw myself down upon the bed. Surely surely, never was there girl more unlucky than I. The coarse of my true love ran rough as a torrent in a Highland glen ; now it wavered to the right, now to the left ; but all the time it was unconsciously precipitating itself into irre trievable action. Had my reason convinced me that my love was wrong and unholy, I might have immolated this first affection on the cold altar of my home ; hut I was far from convinced either that I loved sinfully, or that the man I loved was in error. I had a girlish notion that for him one loves it is our duty to sacrifice even home and its claims ; and I held true feminine love to be an even more holy sen timent than filial duty. That my own passion was pure in its essence I felt avinced ; I loved with an undivided heart, and had no obvious selfish motive to gratify by being undutifuL. What course, then, was it my privilege, my necessity, to adopt ? To face my father's wrath with a pure conscience, and to act in direct opposition to iny father's will ; or to yield implicit obedience to the letter of the honsehold law, and so to sacrifice all my hopes of mortal love. The struggle was a hard one, a bitter, bitter "heart-struggle." Then I recol lected the arguments of the minister. Were they admissible, or were they simply the sophisms of a clever mind ? Was it possible that by throwing off parental control, and consent ing to the proposed marriage, I might h$al the breach made by sin long before/ or dvert calamity from the head of my father, er save my lover : from the horrors of a life unbecoming the duties of a Christian minister ? " Proposed mar riage !" why, had I not sworn to be the wife of Mr. Macbraith, and had I not encouraged him to believe that he had won iny . heart? and would it' not be incalculably sinful to break the vow I had-ijiade, and to deprive him, not only of my of his confidence in my womanly integritteaven, I reflected, would punish me showed myself insincere, if I Beemed ufttthfuL For a plain girl to assume the privihsrbf a coquette was beyond measure oontemptible : and I should despise myself if Ij 1&id; mv5elf ojfefi to" thd' 'trifltfigl with' fe gentleman's f&eiMg;& As1 1 have said,' I did sot doubt €ot fit moment the truth of thei story I hfed hoard in the manse ; for I knew my father's temper, and had once or twice heard uhjpfeaSant Tumours concerning his past life. While I lay, with my head upon my pillow bathed in tears, the lightning was dying with sudden gleams, and the thunder was growing more distant every moment. The fitful sobbing of the rain on the window-pane rang in iny ears, and the room swam ronnd and round me like a chamber of whirling darkness. By and by I felt stronger and better ; and by this time I had determided that my next conversation with my father should decide my fate once for all. £ arose to my feet. I was now satisfied that my fate hung in the balance, and I could wait for the result with patience. Almost unconsciously I walked to the look- iag.glass. I was wondering what Mr. Mac braith coald see in such an insignificant face and person as mine. I started back aghast. It was not the pale plain face, with the hard lines about the mouth ; the slight figure undeveloped in its frail girlhood ; the timid awkward atti tude ©f the limbs, or the fixed imploring look of the eye — it was none of these things, all of which were sufficiently familiar, which appalled me. Over my wet and dripping shoulders,! down to my soaked feet, I still were the cloak of the minister I In my haste, in my blindness of love, I had forgotten to return the cloak to its owner ; and there it lay, when I flung it off, as a witness to my disobedience. I now fully appreciated the meaning of my father's strange manner. He had perceived the cloak, and had identified it as that worn by the minister, with whose person he was familiar. (to be contihued.) 