Herr Von giutzennausnnoravt's Benefit. —Our German friond, Von Grateonhnuspiioraft, otherwise! Mr. Dnu Howard, aimounoos his Benefit for Thursday night noxt, and wo fcol satisfied that tho public will not bo baokwnrd on that oooasion in rosponding to his cnll, whon wo boar in mind tho fact that mnoh of tlio suoooss of tho ontortainmont, apart from tho iuteroBt awakened by tho panorama, depends upon his individual exortions. Mr. Howard is a truo artist, nnd shows it at evory turn. His humour is quaint and nppnrontly irroprcssiblo, and flows from him naturally. Thoro is no offort apparent in anything lie says or doos. Ho is a genuino Mark Twain, and quito as comical in his incongruities of thought nud expression ; nnd it muy snfoly ho sniil, ho is tho greatest original tlmt has as yot visited or is likely to visit our town. Tho Rockhamp- ton people nro always rondy to patroniso histrionic talent, and wo fcol sntisfiod that tlio inimitnblo Von Grntzonhnusoncraft, and that's only a third of his namo, will lunko his bow to a crowd of admirers on that occasion. Our Gcrnwn friends will, of courso, support their distinguished countryman. The Interior. — Some idoa may bo jnforrod of tlio stnto of tlio roads in tho interior, from tho faot, that tho up-oountry mails from Tnrnbo and BInokall, overdue some ten-and-a-half days, only readied town yesterday morning. Overland Mails.— Mr. Peterson informed us lust night that two ovorduo mails from Bluokall and I'ambo, and ono from Sxiringsuro, arrived yosterday morning. The Penrith. — Mr. Powis, stovedorc, com- mcucod lightering tho Panrith yestorday morn ing. Tho vessol is berthed alongside tlio railway wharf, and lior cargo of railway-irim will bo disohargod expeditiously enough with tho stoam crane. Findino a Dead Body.— Information has been forwarded to tho Police Mngistrato that the dead body of a man, whoso nutno has not transpired, was found dend in tlio streots of Diuiringa on Monday, and owing to soino marks found upon his porson, it was decided to hold a magisterial enquiry, for which purposo the Polioo Mngistrato loft by yesterday after noon's train. Tlio result of tho enquiry will bo given on his roturn. Drunkenness and Oiisobnity.— Ono man, chnrgod as above, was brought boforo tho Polico Mngistrato yestorday morning, nud pleading guilty, wns finod 0s. or 24 , hours in tho cells. Anothor named John Cotter, ouc of the Strnthcnrn senmeu just roienscd from gaol, for tho samo offence wns fiucd 5s. or 24 hours imprisonment. Tlio same prisoner, eliai'ged with uttering obscene langunge in a public stroot, nud plcndcd guilty tried to oxcuso himself. The bonoh, however, fiuod him in the usual amount 10s, or 48 hours in tlio lockup. A Nuisance. — Evory summer for somo years past a noxious weed lias sprung up close to the Upper Ferry steps whicii has nn intolorublo .stencli and is a very groat nuisance, and from tho vigor of its growth nud tho nbundniico of its seed-pods, now fast riponing, it bids fnir to bo a curse to tlio whole placo. It is rofuscd by horses nud oattlo hut occasionally nibbled by goats, so that wo may fairly infer that it lin3 no poisonous qualities ; but it could bo woll spared nevertheless, aud if a few of tho Cor poration day-men woro put for a short timo to boo it up and burn it root and branch, thoro would ho some prospect of its extermination. Tlio wholo plant has a strong odour of bad onions, and, ns a nuisance, may fairly bo brought uudor tho notieo of tho Inspector of in uisaucos. i nO'-oiuTrnniff mr PonaSn Alio" norfft si3o of tf'o rivor. Tho sonrch was kept np for somo time, tho pohoo and neighbours, hbout fourtoon in all, including blacks, woro doing thoir best to hunt np tho littlo ono, but at last tho soarcli was discontinued, as tho mother saw reason to Hunk that tho fatlior had taken tho oliildnway during Monday aftornoon, as ho wns known to have come aoross tho rivor nnd to have ro turnod. It appears that tho woman is now living with anothor man, and tho falhor of the missing boy has on Bovoral occasions tried to got tho littlo follow away from his mother without snooeoding. Ho has had two othor children away from hor, nnd it is now believed that ho has got hold of tlio ono ho has boon wanting, and that ho will turn up in safe ous- tody somowhoro that ho has boon placod by his father. Tho polioo yestorday aftornoon mado onqmnos for tlio father, but as ho is a sailor tlio tnsk was not accomplished. Tub Steam PuNT.-Yosterday a number of tho Corporation day- mon woro busy with tho steam punt gathoring in tlio broken ohnin. and wolding tho links preparatory to getting tho punt into position nnd in trim for work again. An offort was mado in tlio ovoning whon tho 0 was UP and tho current had slaekoued, to get tho punt roady for work, but tlio strength of tho fresh is such that it will not allow of tlio slack of tho chain boing takon in sufli- ciontly to allow tho punt to mako its usua tnps. It is thought that in a couplo of obb tideB moro this may bo acoomnlislind. nr,rl if possible tho punt will start to make a few trips across this morning about sovon o'clock, or at least during tho flood-tido in tho aftornoon. Sinoo tbo oliain broko sho hns been lying at anchor in tho very oontro of tho ourront, as it was whon exposed to tho full force of this that tho chain gavo way on Sunday. Tlieso delays are very pro- vokiug to our country settlors, and must tend to retard in a great measure the full develop ment of our resources in tho ooast country. It is to bo hopod, howovor, that a spoody end will bo pdt to our difficulties in this direotion by tho long-lookcd-for and now promised bridgo. The Carriaoe of AVool. — Many carriers ..ww- uU uuuur mo impression that tho transit of wool is a matter with whioli tlioy are alone eonoernod, aud is altogether independent of tho interests of the Squatter, or tho Merchant. At tho present moment tlioy havo a griovanoo, hut it is an imaginary ono, a sort of nightmare. Thoy complain of tho alleged nign ouargca imposed by the railway authori ties, upon the carriage of wool from Duaringa to our port ; yet tlioy must bo woll awuro that tho price charged is very considerably under what it would cost them to bring it down. It is hardly roasonablo on thoir part to oxpoct that tho Government will make or koop in repair a second rond running parnllol with tho railway. Unquestionably tlio railway affords tlio ohoapest inodo of travelling or of transit, savo water- I fUirriJIvrn flimtn-lt i r UiU VAUUpUOHH OVOIl to | that; urnl wo nubiuit tlmt both Squatters and Morohants should combino in making it iui- porativo on all carriors to uso the railway whon it is available. AVo cannot soo what right carriors havo to tako thoir own tiuio in tho transport of their goods, to tho dotriraent of tlio interests of thoir customers. It is vory well known ihat what oan be dono in a fow hours by railway often tnkos wooks to accom plish if performed by teams; and that, of itsolf, should settle tho question. Timo is \ monoy, particularly in tho shipment of wool ; and tho loss sustaiuod through dawdling on tho rood, in tho slinpo of interest alone, would amount to a vory lnrgo aggregate sum upon ono soasou's wool. Tho matter should cortainly bo looked into. Gladstone. — A correspondent, writing from Gladstono on Mny 27; Bays : Somo short timo ago tlio Mayor, at ono of tho Counoil moorings objootod to Alderman Ilawthorno (nuotionoer) soiling tlio Corporation proporty, nnd upon boing asked his reasons for doing so, ho stated that lie intended tho Aot carried out for tlio future. Aldormnn Hawthorne agreed with His AVorahip'8 remarks, and stated that liolwpcd His AVoraliip would havo tho Aot carried out in a straiglitforward (inaunor, nnd no, favor shown to hhnsolf ; aud ho (Alderman Hnwthorno) thou pointed out, nt considornblo length, how His Worship was breaking through tlio bye- laws of tlio Municipality ; and also protested against His AVorship, or any other Aldormnn, supplying tlio Corporation witli any moro goods, In tho face of this His AVorship sonds in an ncconnt to the Corporation, and upon Alderman Ilawthorno objooting to second a resolution that wns proposed for tlio account to bo paid, His AVorship vory kindly soeonded it himself, and sat down without putting it to tho meeting at all. This was considered by TTis Wnrahin nnri-ind. nnd. of course. 1m hud nothing to do but draw himself a cheque. Tliero uro two notices of motion filed for next mooting night ngninst His AVorship — first, that His A\rorsliip bo instructed to havo tho wholo of tho byo-laws carried out according to tho Aot. Tliis will bo rathor nn unpleasant bit of business for tho Mayor, as a largo portion of his motropolitun premises nro standing upon tlio public stroot, and according to byo-luw (20) twenty, ho is supposed to havo it removed withiu fourteen d ys. Tlio second motion is— tlmt a voto of want of confidonoo bo pussed upon tho Mayor for neglect of duties. Tho latest rumours I havo heard nro tlmt His Worship is ill Brisbano, nnd making arrange- meats for opening a Biiddlor's shop in opposition to Aldormnn Hawthorne, and talks of soiling nttorriblo low priocs. I am of opinion that tho Council mcotiugs in Gladstono will termin ate iu tho Drayton style, ns it was somo years ago, if tlio mayor and nldormcn do nut pull togothor hotter. Laiicesy.— John Clifford was brougiit up on remand, yestorday morning, boforo tho Polico Magistrate, charged with the larceny of a watch, tho proporty of J. Baldwin. John Baldwin, harbor and fruiterer nt Duaringa, deposed that prisoner was'. at his plnco from tlio 7th to tlio 17tli instant ; on the 15th, witness missed a watch, and tlio oho produced iu Court . ho Identified as his; ho hold kept it in a small box in ouo of his rooms; gouorally ho kept that box looked, but on tho day montioncd, it was uulookod ; whop lie missed tho wntoh ho reported it to Constable O'Reilly ; lio had seen the prisonor sitting in tho room whore tho watch was, n short time boforo it' was missing ; ut 7 o'clock that ovening witnoss asked prisoner if ho had taken tho wateh out of tho box, ns tho wntoh was gone, and only lio and Georgo Burn know tlio wntoh. was thoro ; prisoner replied that ho would not do such a thing; Burn was behind tlio counter, and prisoner wout up> to liiin nnd said lio thought ho thought ho oould got a job on tho lino ; tlio watch was takou about half-past four or ftvo, whon witness wort noxt door to get somo koroscuo, prisoner bring nlono in the room whore tho. wntoh w»s at the timo ; prisonor nAtiAK vnh i «n rwl fr\ nlnnn nff.nn fltie Knf !«<- saw him two orjihreo days after; witness uaving iravuuuu witft" u.o prisoner iff tnb ft-aiu from Duaringa to Rookiminpton, nnd fiuiciod bo saw n watcli upon liiin ; witness told him that tho polico woro after him about tlio watoli, whon prisoner replied that ho had to tako tho watch or anything, but asked witnoss not to lot on, as ho was going to soil it to a shipmato onboard tho Freetrader ; lie also said « thoro is no ovidonoo against mo, I can not bo convicted, for there was no one in tlio placo when I took tho wateh." This was tlio wholo of tho ovidenoe.- Prisoner then mado a statement which |had no bearing upon tho case, but which was takon down in writing Ho was then fully committed to tako his trial at tho next sittings of tlio Central District Court, to ho holden on Jlinfi OA nuJ ...... I admitted to bail, himsolf in £80, and two surotios of £10 oach. London Monopolists AVooled.— A Rivcrina man writing; to tlio Australasian about the London wool sales, says Until wo have more united action in the colonies it is quito useless to supposo for one moment tlmt tlio present London monopolists will yield ono iota of tlio powor thoy now possess in making large fortunes out of tlio bard earnings of tlieoolonial wool-growers. u A Sleep Walker.— Wellington had a ghost —for about a week. Somo lodgors saw it in thoir boarding houses; a little alarm wns ex. cited. At last tho proprietor watohod, and about two or tlireo o'olock in tho morning the guost mado its appearance. II0 saw it walk about, adjusting pieces of furniture for some time, until to his great consternation ho discovered it was the servant. Ho called her by name, but got no answor, and it was not until ho shook lior that she was mado conscious of her position. The servant proved a somnambulist, of oourse.— Southland News. Strike of Colliers at Ipswich Tho mon omploycd al the Tivoli miuos (Gulland's) AVright and Blond's, nnd the AVaterstown Com pany's are now all out on strike, nnd a mooting of the minors has beou convened nt Bimdnmba for to-morrow, for the purpose of bringing about a general strike by effcoting joint notion with line Goodnn nnd Bundomba rneu. Tho immediate causa of tho complication is we understand, that the wages of tho Tivoli' col- linra worn rnonnflv wa/1haa.1 Jvuwiiw aiuiu OH. tfd tO 3s. 4u. per ton ; and this reduction was', it is said, onforcod upon tho proprietors of tlio mine by tho action of the proprietors of the Goodna mino lowering tho price of thoir coal ' to a prico that did not permit of tho former making snlos nt a profit. In the monntimo tho A.S.N. Co.'s agent hero has tolegraphod to Sydney for all the Company's boats to coal thoro. — Telegraph. The Conspirators' Bond.— Tho following is a copy of a document produced in ovidenoo during the henring of tlio Brougb Smyth ease, and callod by the oounsel for tho dofcuce,' " Tlio Conspirators' Bond " " \y0l tlio undersigned, assort that wo havo sufforod suoli ovorbearing aud tyrannical conduct at tlio himds of R. Brougb Smyth, Secretary for Miuos, as to causo somo of us loss of health and wound our snlf.rnRnf. nnd jointly nnd sovorally, protost ngninst being treated like slaves any longer, nud wo further each nnd all of us, agree to take suoli propor stops ns mny bo withiu . our powor to got our rights, ns gentlemen nud ofiiocrs of the Mining Department and Civil Service, recognised aud respected by the said R. Brough Smyth I Sccrctnry for Mines. AVc further agree to tako immediate notion nguinst tho aforesaid R Brough Smy tli, and light in a just oause to the bitter end. (Signed) Chan. AV. Langtrec, AVm. Nicholas, R. Brndford, C. A. Riohnrds, Arthur Everett. Geo. Milno. .1r slmmrmo Houlon."— Courier. ' Peak Downs : — Tbo Copperjleld Miner con tains tho following items .- letters from tlio Bolyando dated tlio 21st state that the. rain has bocn hoavy nnd constnnt, from tho 17th to tho 20th, nnd that tho Belyaudo was not crossablc fcr stock or teams. On tho 15th Mr. Tiirnbull pnssod Crnvon station with fifteen stud bulls, for Mossra. Travers and Gibson's Arainao station. Mr. Rivers' tonms nro at present enmped nt Islcy Plains, (loaded with Bowon wool) waiting for tho wontnor to clonr up. Mr. G. Porter's team is camped nt Crnvon en route tor tho Aramnc. Owing to tho mildness of the soason tho grass is still springing and is likely to got oVor tho present rains boforo tho eold sots in, nnd couscquoutly thoro will bo fair food during tho ensuing winter. Mr. A. B. McDonald loaded two toams and Messrs. Thompson and Cashion ono for tho Aramnc this week— each tonm taking nbout three tons. Tlio trade from this town to the Aramno is steadily oil tlio inoronso. Tho crushing of forty tons of stone from tho Star of llopo Pro- spooring Claim wns finished yOBterday morning, and gavo tho result of ninoty ounoos of amalgam, equal to ono ouuco por ton. The Power of Gold. — A lively porsonnl encounter took place about ono o'clock on Monday botweon Messrs. Powor and J. Conway. It appears that tlio latter, irritated nt tlio result of somo legal proceeding in which Mr. Power lind taken a professional part, addressed some very insulting remarks to that gcntloranu nt the door of ins ofiioe, and callod him " a liar " more than onco ; Mr. Powor thereupon lost his temper and struck Conway who iinmodifttoly hurled a 14 lbs. .bar of No. 6 Monklnud gold lio was carrying, which struck Mr. Powor heavily on tho bnolc of tlio nook, felling him to the ground. Conway thon left, but on recovering his sonsos Mr. Power pursued and " joined issuo" with him near Croaker's, until tile Polico, nppnrontly thinking tlio honor of both pnrtios sntisfiod, interfered. Tho powor of gold was never more omphatically de monstrated than on this ocoasiori, but we would intimnto to non-local readers that tho practice of kuoekimr each other down with £890 worth of the precious motal is not com mon amongst our citizons. It is a luxury all of us cannot afford. — Chronicle. ' Nino of the Nelson boys, Melbourne, who re- contly nbscoudod, liavo bocn rc- arrcstcd. Tho Half-holiday Association nt Grafton lately gavo a prize for tlio prottiost young lady on the ground. It was awarded to a young lady from Cnrr's Creok. During ono of the recent downward trips of tho coach from Oraugo to Bathust, as tlio conoli was nsconding a stoop hill, nud whon at n most difflcul t turn in the ascont, tbo driver discovered that some largo logs hnd boon placed right noroBs tho road. Fortunately tho night was not dark, nnd tho horses woro pulled np before any damiigo could be done. Tlio Barrister's Admission Bill, rcccutly passed by both Houses of tlio Now South AValcs Par liament, provides that no candidate for ad mission to practice ns a bnrrister of tlio Supromo Court of New South AVnles, who shall havo pnssod two nuuunl oxnmiuations in (ho Uni- vorsity of Sydnoy. shall bo required to paBS an examination in tho Greek nnd Latin olnssics or iu mnllicra'ntios. Aud it shall not bo obli gatory on any candidate who shall pass an ex amination in tho Latin clussics and in logic, or in the Latin elnssios nnd tho French lan guage nud literature, to bo oxaminod in the Greek classics. 