IProtessaat, linIisterial Associa t on. Rules of the Neecaustle and iAdjacent Town? ships Pofrotsant Ministerial Associa. ,tion. P?EAMrnLE. , Thie :: Prbiteo:aiit Ministers :who?so signatures are attached to this doci ment, desire to affirm thereby their belief in the cssential- unity in the Church ofChrist.; They would further express their. conviction of the desir ability of Iratornally, recognizing each dther as ininisters of the various sectionus of tlit one churcb, and also their deep sense of the sinfulness involved in the! ilieonition of affection by which existing derisions'have been attended, 'and the m~anifold ovils which have resulted there from. In order, therefore, to securo tnimng 'tihemeelvqs and the Christian communities they represent that com plete uuion, which they believe to be tihe express will of their, common SByViur and lord. Tlihey resolve to form an association among themselves, aid they agree.to adopt the followinrg rules siaid regulations asa the constitution, of tlhat association - 1\. NAmi Ox oESIuNATION.vc 'This. asso?iatioi shall b'e called; tli' Protostant Ministerial ?ssoOiatioAi for the city of Newcastlo a'nd the adjacent tonihslips. " . t HE o ~n3oTs coNTEnrrPATED. This assooiation ofProtestant MJinis ters deolare its objects to be as followvs, l et. The.'expression, mu appropriat6 ways of. the great trutih,thabt wlsie the members of the Christian Chiurch may differ in nminor:, points :of doctrineo; and as to .tlihe form,'of- ih ohth'govtrment, nevorth- less.the.Ohuroh of 0hrio lais es. sentialljy oi~e church. 2nd. The promotion of the cause of Evangelical Protestantism and consist ent opposition to Infidelity, Rationalism, Popery, 'Ritualism, and other forms of error and superstition S3rd. The better observance of ,the Lord's day, the exposure of special forms of profanity or immorality which may exist and the preservation of the young people, of our congregations from the contaminations of error, unbelief, and vice 4th.'The promotion of vital religion, both by the inrcase of poieronul piety inourselves and our recagnuied church moemubers, and by. the conversion of those around u:s who ar: without God iir the woirld . I :(:)":t' i l? O'if 3s MrETIs*ono "WORKINGc OR AGieNOIES E O.E6.O YED t.n. ,proseoutling. ths js thee j t th members of thb"'ds isqliiti'i: agien to meet togetdl r at eltated tidiii' fdr' the purpose of uniting in prayer and frater nal conference. To endeavour to lead im!e memboier of 'theii reslpective churdlhds to unite in occasional meesotings for prayer and other devotional exercises. To arranmge for tlhe delivery of lectures by members or others who may be in vited by the: association, bearing upon the objects specilied above, and to devise means for accomplishing the other ob jects for which the association exists. 4\. 'eMniEBEirIP. The members of the association are, and shall be, ministers of the'Protestant corches, who declare themselves to hold and maintain, what are generally included in the term Evangelical views, by which we understand such doctrines, the Divine inspiration, authority, *and sufliciency of the Holy Scriptures, the Trinity in Unity, depravity of all men in consequence of the fall, tie. incarna tion of Jesus Chris~t the Son of God, work of atonement and mediatorial intercession and reign, justification by faith alone and regeneration and sanc tification by the I{oly Ghost, the imn mortality of the soul, the resurrection of the body, and the judgment of the world by our Lord Jesus Christ; the right of private judgment, tile Divine institution of the Christian Ministry, including the fraternal recognition and equality of the ministers of the various branches of the Protestant Evangelical Church, the obligation and perpetuity of the ordinance of baptism and the Lord's supper, and the Divine institu tion and perpetual obligation of the Christian Sabbath. The assoeiation, however, does not submit to the above epitome of doctrine as a formal confes sion of faith, but merely as indicating what it means by the terms " Evangelical views,' and' Evangelical Protestantism.' o. RESIGNATION DISQUALIFICATION. Should any member wish to withdraw from the association he shall communi cate the samein writing to the secretary, but if any member of the association cease to be recognised as a minister by that section of the Church to which he belongs, hlie shall cease also to be a member of this association. G. FINANCIAL BASIS. Each member shall pay a monthly subscription of not less than sirpence; subscriptions may also be received from persons favourable to the object of tihe association. Collections may be made at united public meetings to pay for expenses connected therewith ; and an annual public meeting shall be held to expound antd advocate tihe prisncplcs of the association. It shall be distinctly understood that no elarge shall be made for lectures delivered under the anspioes of the association, but, if desirable, tickets shall be issued and distributed through tile members of theo association, and a collection may be made to defray expenses. 7\. iAsnAesEMENT. The association shall, at its monthly meetings ia June of each year, elect by ballot, a president, vicoprcsi. dent, secretary anud treasurer, whose duties shall continue for one year. The business shall be conducted by tile asso ciation, or suchl members as shall be pro sent at a regular monothly meoeting,to be held the first Tuesday in each month, conusuencing at 10.30 a m., four mim bers shall form a quorum. It shall be the duty of the President to preside at all meetings of the Asseooiation at which he:may be present. In his a Vice President shall presid ease neither be present if t quorumn the meeting shall el?c man. The I'resident or Chai have (in addition to his own member) a casting vote in eas members voting on any p Tile Seeretary shill keep a re the business done at each rmce summon the members to the advertise all special meetings o and at the end of his term prepare a brief report of the y to be read at tile annual public after having been approved Association at. its previous monthly meeting. The Treas receive all monies, keep a corree of the snam?h?, idako all payments author ized by?the Association, and present a financial statement, as in. the ease of the Secroetarywliioh shliall also be read a the aninal 'pblie meeting. 8\. AtrTERSATION OR AIENDMIENT. Nodi Alteidion or asiehndmnts shlell bemade in the ccnstitution unless notice bof tmoion :hall"be gie6 :at &t;"regulart mbinthly meiting, and insubiah case the sseretary shall cstate::in his, sauimous to eaeh rmember.that alteration of th: constitutionjis contemplatedi.and a two. thirds vote of the members present asliall be-necessary to carry any alteration or amendioent. Tuioass A. Gonnosa, President FILtK FIBUr',t VicO- Pr'esident t J. S. Dolson,e Secretary . TItsAs. J. PePrE, iTrOasurer WSILLTAS ROBION Ouits. I. Moo"' i ::Ronw~r Wuc~ralss Jons W.srAcorr W. H. Rouses. J??ses Course . ,'" JoUn DsO'ieo By order of the Association, SJ..S..DOBSO, Secretary. 