, vOn P a', '-- Pray r is a.action.. of likeness, to the IHoly Ghost`,the spirit of; gcitleness' an cd' d hivele sim'plici.rty a, iunitation .f lite I-Iol J3esus, whose sperit im'ieek; inipt'th'ii gretlies s 'sf tlie biggeast l'rniple,' ad a conafo rfnity?to, Godd ;ovhqs'e anger is aliays Jiist1 and iiarilies sloosly niid i is withiouti tran? idr'?atipai'd ofien lh ieredat sl nes¢er hasty, uad is full of ler? i'pray'er' u: the peace ofour`,spirit, thi stillness of siir t'liiihts,_the eveinf of recollection, the seat of ic ditntiio,,the %t'st of :oir chrs, iaiiL:'the calm of orji tenipbst ýpradrj is th e e ma ne of a qpict; ind, of 'iitroubled th tsit is.the daughter. of 'liiiril itle sister h" aecukness, and lie that prays. o God osith no angry, thati i, 0itT a ti ouhledaiindili cdmposed spirit, is liks liii that r.tire iti'o a battlc toan"meicih iitid' sets sip hsi clset 'in the sit.quartemo o iarepy, andl' c?oliiisesii 'frontier-garrisof iil d e wise in. AngLr is a" perfect .alieastinsn of thei mioid fr6Lonai prr itrandlthc or'6 'ca'usiGryS to ina,'aghtine to God. lor sohh seept hiiairk rising from his~ bied of griiisndi toir!tg' ,ipiivards,singing 'is he' rises, nidi Hlpes to get to heaven, and clitiisa ibpel: the clohlds blit the post hirl s siisbemtcn b witli'the loud sighins sf ani eastern oi'nil dhis miioi n i ade irregular 'pd inconsistent descenia more at y i ,reith of die tempest,, thit i cold coci the libitio' aid fr entigi is oflhissinigs, till the little creature sinced tod sit dosO nlidn piit, anid siayt Sthe stortn was over,; and en itrinidcj a prosperons fliilit, tiiid did rise aiiniasn, asif it haid learnedmusic and motiniji n angel, s he passed' soimetiines ;tlruho the air, hiit his miunistr iesne hs rel'c So is thepray?er of ?' go'di;iad ':nwhiiish hfarslhavoe required, hmbusiss, and his iisness ,ias matter of l isiplne mid1iis ihaciplineiwiSs to pass?.tiii ?asinniutg per-I ,ton or linda ilesign of chirit? .lihs duttyi .ngerT, aits iiistriinot nil te intr sent hrcamon sitronge1 ia thn e t piine1 ;eint, ?nd riised a teinpestand i overruledi the nmani;nlda then his.pra?yer w\'s i'rike'liI and his tlisngliits were tro?tiled, and his w'ords'?scit up to irds ia elbid;.- hiid his thoughts pulled '?thCliisbck sgaiu, and' iniidb?b tliemi withouti iieutidin o;and" the oinci imna'sighs for his infirniity; butminu;t be content to lose ithit priayer'uanid l'b mnist reicover it ilien hiih anger is reiniYed, and' his! spirit 'is becalmed, imlde eveii as the brown?of Jstis: sioid'smodoth like'the heart of' God' and theni it nscenrds to hea ven upoai the wiings of 'the libly ilove;"an'd sdwells wlith' Gid, tilli'i r'etirns, like:tlid useful bce; londen with a' blesiungiand the' dewvof lieieancm -Jeiifj T7'lor ?.?:?" ' " 