saw sergeant (flours. tl'UUMSlin) DAILY.] Monday, August yES, 1856. In council of the Judicial Association must have been full) time and then deter mutation to 1 con open on Sunday the exhibition held under their auspices would be regarded in some quar- ters with disfavor the divided state of public feeling on such a subject has been too often shown at various times for it to have been possible that the) under then arrangements in ignorance of the fact that unanimous appear in it is not to be looked for It will therefore probably be no surprise to members of the council to discover in out columns to-day the letter which has been addressed to us by Mr Horn-m Ci inn, or, if there be in the letter an) element of sin or else, it will be at the temperate tone in which the am conversions are couched It will not, no believe, be assisted by any reasonableness that anyone section of the public run justly claim a light to impose temps ance with practices not generally assented to upon any other sections of equal wright In considering the question of eepuigopcn their exhibition, the council had therefore to arms its just conclusion is to how they could best | here thouisihesin norold with the pier along sentiment of the kind munity and rest interfere with tin si nee of rights of deciding on the manner in which all parties should severally as ultra. levels-, of the day of rest without one set the ni commode., 01 phenomena is inch ustile tions upon any other line by deciding to permit access to the exhibits in to such persons as desired to resort thither while at the same time closing the doors during the hours of divine service they at ned at a proper conclusion, is mt uni) in belief It is, indeed very difficult to perceive how the council could have arrived at any decision which would not have been an acceptable to the generality of the unit as when its constitution is regarded It is in itself a foitiutoiH collection of gentlemen chosen without the most distant reference to this particular subject, and may fairly be long acted as represent Uno of all shades of popular opinion as regards the particular matter under notice, while at the same time its members can scarcely have failed to be influenced in a strong deficit by an .(ihxietyjto hopes tj^!co|i^whjch would secure in the widest degree the sympathies of-the'colonists at large. They had before them for their guidance some very "patent facts. In all Christian countries the opening on Sundays of institutions kindred to that under their management has been rapidly becoming more general and if the resistance in such countries has not become less intense, it has been greatly reduced as to the numbers and influence of its champions. The struggle has lasted long enough to enable the observer to perceive that sentiments such as Mr. Cribb gives expression to have lost their hold on a vast number of persons who originally held them, and that the desertions from the ranks of the rigid Sabbatarians have been many and important. Whereas at one time the full weight of ecclesiastical authority rested with the objectors, to-day it is extremely divided, and among the most forcible arguments adduced in favor of opening on Sundays such places of public resort as furnish opportunities of acquiring information, or permit of harmless and healthful relaxation, have been the splendid influence of such attractions in combating vicious or unwholesome methods of spending the seventh day. There are not wanting a host of clergymen of all denominations who have perceived that the park, the library, and the museum are worthy of being regarded as so many steps leading to the door of the church. It is only at the Vatican that it is pretended that human progress and mental enlargement are antagonistic to religious progress. Those persons who coincide with Mr. Cribb in his protest against the course adopted by the council of the National Association, must be credited with a remarkable capacity for drawing fine distinctions. The Botanical Gardens have regularly been open to the public at all hours on Sundays since they were enclosed. Bowen Park itself, with the gardens of the Acclimatisation Society, which form a portion of it, have been equally available for visitors. Each of these is in itself an exhibition not only of the beauties of nature but of the creations of art, science, and industry. Against the liberty of enjoying their attractions on Sundays there has been within our recollection no word of remonstrance. Yet no sooner are the advantages of Bowen Park enhanced by the addition of a splendid collection of objects, fraught with the highest interest, and presenting the most valuable opportunities for self-improve- ment, and for enlarging the observant and reflective faculties, than this outcry is raised. There has been no alteration in principle, save in a direction which should have secured the approbation of those who raise their voices in denunciation, namely, the exclusion of visitors during the hours of divine service. Not a single person has been retained in attendance except those who would necessarily have been in charge of the place whether open or closed. It is extremely difficult, consequ fitly', to understand wherein are to be found the distinctions between the contemplation of the results of human skill and ingenuity as displayed in the botanical and acclimatisation grounds and buildings, and of the results of similar agencies collected by the National Association. That the council of the association would find themselves in antagonism, with respect to their action' on this subject to some persons was sufficiently understood before their decision was arrived at, but that they have had the misfortune to outrage public opinion in its broad signification, we do not at all believe. They will, however, have ample opportunity for gauging the general sentiment before their next exhibition is held, and there can be no doubt that, should they ascertain that by repeat- ing the course pursued on this occasion they would be placing themselves in opposition to the sense of the community at large, they will feel it their duty to bring themselves in accord with it by refraining from allowing access to their building on Sundays. Mr. Cm un has been good enough to refer to the tone of our own announcement of their intentions on the occasion respecting which he writes. He will now understand that there was no intention of cloaking our sentiments under veiled hints or indirect inferences. We cannot expect that our explicitness will be satisfactory to him or to those who hold his views. But we should desire to be understood as altogether repudiating the standard which our correspondent appears to regard as the only one which should govern the conduct of business. A conscientious man must, according to our conception, be influenced by higher considerations than mere commercial gain. We are prepared to allow Mr. Cribb the credit of his convictions, but must claim no less for ourselves. It may, however, be convenient, as discussion on this subject would be interminable, and will not be continued in our columns, to conclude by descending to his own ground, in order that the weakness of his case, even so, may be brought home to him. In whatever degree we may regret that we have not succeeded in invariably securing Mr. Cumit's approbation, it must be apparent that had we been more happy in his case, we should only have had an alternation of malcontents. To please everyone has never engaged our endeavors, and judg- ing by current comments the disfavor of extreme parties is distributed pretty impartially over every secular journal in the colony. Were two influenced by the humble standard which Mr. Ciuuii appears to regard as essential, it will hardly be denied that we possess opportunities for ascertaining the prevailing tendency of public feeling, which, according to that system, it would be advantageous to concur with, superior to any opportunities which would be available for any person in a private station. JrsT one day before the somewhat melancholy proceedings in connection with the iipcningfortrallic of the Oxley Bridge, on the Brisbane and Ipswich Railway, over the Brisbane River, were solemnised, a similar ceremony took place at the town of Deniliquin, in New South Wales. There, however, a very different spirit prevailed. There was no ghost of wasted moneys to rise up and cast a chill over the assemblage. There were no unpleasant X Sir f¥" I ! memories to embfcimisKthe [speakers and oppress the dispensary. i'Thefrtüw'ay'fron»;! Deniliquin to ^Síoain%|| has been constructed by private enterprise: The proprietors were so far well satisfied with their venture, and the people of the districts were jubilant. "The length, of this line is forty-five miles, the gauge " is five feet six inches in its course it crosses the Murray river by means of a bridge sixteen hundred feet in length, and its construction is equal to sustaining a speed of thirty miles an hour. It has fences along its whole length, and is furnished with all necessary buildings, used., for traffic. Everything connected with it is efficient and sufficiently substantial for sustaining a traffic sufficient to repay its constructors and proprietors for the outlay of their capital and for con- current risks. In Queensland we have as yet but one standard by which to arrive at the probable cost of such a line, and that standard is the expense of constructing Government lines. Taking our most recent experience, the twenty-five miles between Brisbane and Ipswich, we know that to construct a line sufficiently substantial to carry a traffic which may possibly return over and above working expenses, a profit which would be considered satisfactory by commercial investors, and which includes a bridge 580 feet in length, has cost the country very nearly £20,000 per mile. This railway, however, is but three feet six inch gauge, as against the Deniliquin line of five feet six. Thus the economic advantage as to width is strongly in our favor. The country we have had to traverse has, however, been considerably more difficult than that between Deniliquin and Moama, which is almost a dead level. Moreover, the bridge over the Murray is but a temporary structure for a single line. [it may be considered, therefore, that in spite of its greater width of gauge the Deniliquin line admitted of cheaper construction than our own. In point of actual efficiency the two are probably nearly equal. That is to say, the Denili- quin and Moama Railway proprietors have got as much efficiency as to traffic carrying properties on their line as the Government of Queensland have on the Brisbane and Ipswich line. It is interesting to have such an opportunity of instituting a comparison as to cost. What is considered sufficiently efficient by a private proprietor)' should be efficient also for a Government. Both aim at the same thing-an economical, certain, and moderately speedy means of conveying passengers and goods. We know what it has cost per mile to provide this in our own case-nearly £20,000, or £400,000 for twenty-five miles. What then must have the forty-five miles between Deniliquin and Moama cost its constructors'? Mr. William Hay, the member for the Murray, in declaring the line open, stated the figure. It was in round numbers just £3000 per mile ! and this included not only the mere construction, as in the case of the tenders now being carried out on our "Roma extension, but everything necessary for the working of the line. As the country on the horse sections is pretty nearly as good as that between Deniliquin and Moama, and the cost of the line complete is expected to exceed £5000 per mile even now, without allowing for the extras discovered at the last minute, to which we have become accustomed in our experiences of our railway constructions, it is clear that there is still room for economising in our undertakings. There are details in connection with this proprietor)' railway which are worthy of consideration. This temporary bridge over the Murray is full of interest. It is considerably more than twice the length of our own Oxley Bridge, and although it is not nearly so high, there appears no reason to doubt that a lower level would have been attainable on our own line had it been sought for. It has a movable swing to allow vessels to pass, and is sufficiently substantial to bear the passage of thirty-five ton engines at a speed of eight miles an hour. In point of the time occupied in construction also, there are facts which are worthy of our attention. The whole forty-five miles of line, inclusive of bridging the Murray, occupied in construction from the day the proprietors were at liberty to commence until the entire length was open for public traffic just fourteen months. The first tender for material was let on the 9th of June, IS/), the actual work on the line was commenced in the middle of July in the same year, and the line was in use on the 5th July, 1876. The temporary bridge, which was constructed under difficulties, the Murray being in flood at the time, occupied just ten weeks in making from the day the first pile was driven to the day the trial engine crossed it. Its cost was not one-tenth of that of our Oxley Bridge. It will be, we think, unnecessary for us to draw the morals which present themselves from these facts. They lie so obviously' on thesui'facethatthej'cau scarcely butsuggest theniselvestoevery reader. abstaining from particular instances it will suffice to re- mark that the tendency of the reflections which the foregoing occasions must be in the direction which we have on several occasions indicated. As regards permanence, solidity of accessories, and elegance of buildings, we have- doubtless got a superior line. But would not the inferior ones have been good enough for our present needs, leaving improvement until such time as the receipts and traffic made it absolutely necessary and justified it from a financial point of view, while we meanwhile saved compound interest on the difference in cost The question will, we conceive, be answered in but one way by our readers, and we leave the details to influence by their own plainness. Only one fact remains to be mentioned. The company which constructed the De- niliquin and Moama Railway, is, in point of fact, that identical Collier and Co. whose overtures met with so strong a re- buff by Mr. Macalister's Government as soon as Mr. M'Ilwraith's enterprising mind ceased to dominate the department of Public Works. Queensland?)'. A sovKHKics found in the Sydney annexe of the exhibition, by Mr. Andrew Fitzgerald, a Sydney exhibitor of buggies, was placed by him in the hospital box. 