FIVE WOMEN, \+ OR A DESPEL'RTE DEED. ]BY TIIE AUTHOR OF " DRIVEN FROM ]?oME.' COIAPTER XLVI SFTERleaving Nellie Nicolson, Old Cork screw sprang Ioto his cab, and sped away to the Palace of Justice, wild with rage and excitement. Hi-s former love for Noel had turned to hatred. He was indignant at having been made the dupe of such a man, and muttered curses to himself that, if they had been uttered aloud, might have turned even the cabman grey ' lie has not only murdered the poor Widow Lorouge,' he thought, ' but he has so arrang ed the whole thing, that he has caused an inno cent-man to be condemned How do I know now that he has not even killed his own mother ?' Of one thing the old man felt certain-and that was, that it must have been in the- train that the young barrister had lost the property mentioned by Nellio Nicolson. Could that property be recovered? or had he recovered it, by giving a false name at tlhe Missing Proper ty Ofice at the railway station ? Just about this time, the Daddy's head was going round and round. His heart was beat ing so fast that he felt nearly suffocated, and his clammy hands fell powerless to his side. SOh, Lord ! oh, Lord ! n'm going to have a fitl ' he gasped. ' And if I die in it, Noel Gordy-whomn I have made the sole heir to all my .property-will escape I When a man makes a will of any importance, hlie ought always to carry it about with him; so that lihe can destroy it when hlie changes his mind, and make another at the earliest opportu nity I' T'wenty steps further, the crimson and green lights of a chemist shop flashed onto the cab. 'Let me out I let me out !' cried the old man. ' I'm ohokingl' Two minutes afror, he found himself in the shop, held up by the cabman, and making a wry face over the restorative the chemist had mihixed for him. * * * . * * * SAn hour later, Daddy Tabaret, accompanied by a policeman, proceeded to the railway sta tioned, in search of the missing articles men tioned by M\iss Nellie Nicholson. His researches resulted in what he had ex pectod. On Shrove Tuesday there had been found in the second-class carriage an overcoat and an umbrella. In the pockets of the overcoant were apair af pearl-gray gloves, stained and torn, and a return ticket, which had nrot beeon used. The conviction that had grown upon Old Corkscrew, in spite of himself, from the mo ment that the money-lender had opened his eyes to the vices of Noel, had become gradually strengthened by a thousand circumstances. Whilst speaking to Nellie Nicholson he had almnost felt convinced-but now he was appalled at the overwhelming evidence that crowded upon him. The one prevailing feeling in the old man's mind was that justice should be done To protect the innocent and arrest the guilty had become with this strange being the instinct of his life. With the scent of the bloodhound, with himn was also added its honesty. The struggle was terrible. In his lonely life the roots of a strong attection had struck deep ; and now, moved by a sense of duty, the one pervading feeling of his life, he was about to tear away this sole abiding love, that had borne to him such bitter, bitter fruit. Allied to this came the agony of a great re morse, How much of suffering had he not occasioned by his misdirected energy ? What cruel tortures had he not been instrumental in inflicting upon those who, had he known them to-be innoont, It would have been his ' duty' toprotect I And now, what was to be done ? A terrible question, yet one $hat must be swiftly decided. It was not a matter that admitted of long reflection. It was not i question ofdays, but of hours; and the poor creature seemed to grow older, .and more feeble, as the dreadful necessity for immediate action forced itself upon him. - S' I dare not spare him I' he murmured, as he clasped his weary head in his hands. ' No, no; though .it be my death as well as his, I dare'not spare him l A higher power than any will of mine tells me to speak the truth, and, like Abraham of old, even though the sacrifice must be my adopted son, that sacri fice shall be made. Oh, Noel I Noell other crimes only speak, but murder shrieks aloud, and must, sooner or later, call down the certain justice. And yet-andyot, I loved the boy so well I' Time rolled on, and still the old detective was undecided how to act. He was much chanoged, and seemed litqrally to wither up before the pieroing wind as it met himn round tile sharp corners of the railway corridors, and seemed disposed to shake his very gar juents into shreds. - -Poor old Daddy Tabaret I ie never felt the bitterness of the wind, nor heard thd mocking sneers of those he 'an against, or whose pro. gress he obstructed. A terrible-an awful struggle was taking place in the breast of that shabby-looking old man;-a struggle as heroic as any chronicled by the stylus of the Greek dramatist, for it involed the destruction of the hope of an entire life-the tearing up of a great love-tearing it up by the roots, and leaving nothing but a crmnbling emptiness behind an emptiness that the old man knew was of the grave. The struggle was fieree, but the decision was decisive as it was. heroic; and, for the sake of others, the old man buckled himseolf to do his duty, and, once resolved upon his course of action, took the field at once. Monsieur Daburou was in earnest conver sation with the Count de Valoourt when this apparition appeared before him The door of his room was burst suddenly open, and a shrivelled up figure, with a livid face, stood upon the threshold. What a change ! For a moment, even the keen eyes of the magistrate failed to recognisea the features of Daddy Taharet. \With haggard eyes, and bands upraised, he advanced upon Monsieur Daburon, without per ceiving that the room had another occupant. ' ~onsieur,' he said, in tones so unusuanlly impressive that the magistrate, through accus tomed to these sudden inroads on the part of his eccentric friend, pushed back his chair, and re a?arded himi with surprise,-' Monsieur, at last I am not deceived I Don't speak !I-don't speak I Alas I there is no longer room for doubit, and the mitrderer is found I' ' Found ?' 'Don't speak --don't speak' or I shall break downi In mercy to me, let me get through the task I have set myself to do ! The man--the assassin, is--"--is he paused for a second, then blurted out with something between a gasp and a groan-' the, the son of my adoption the child of my heart-NoEL C?ERDY !' The words were scarcely pronounced when both started. The door by which Daddy Tabaret lhad entered, and had left open, was closed suddenly. The Count do Valcourt had glided from the roonm. CHAPTER XLVII. To use a common phrase, Noel had promised to move heaven and earth to obtain the release of Albert; and hlie really aid truly had visited several members of the bar;but had placed tile case in such a peculiar point of view, that they one and all refused him their aid. At four o'clock he called at the Count de Valcouri's house, to apprise his father of his non- success. ' The Count is out,' said the valet; ' but if you wouldn't mind waiting monsieur, he will return very shortly.' I'll wait,' said the barrister. 'The Count expected monsieur,' said the valet, bowing respectfully. 'and gave orders that if you called, you were to be shown into the study.' Noel's heart swelled with pride. For the future, he was master in this magnificent frame, lhung over the chimney-pice. He advanced, and studied it, aud saw the names of the gratest families in France, allied with that of the De Valcourt'. Two of them had espoused the younger daughters of kings; and as he read, the heart of the barrister beat high with pride, whilst hlie (mumured to himself ' And I-I am now Viscounut de Valcourt I' As he spoke the words, the door behind him was thrust open, and the old Count en tered, closing it quickly behind him Noel was advancing towards him with out stretched hands; but recoiled at the look of scorn that flashed from his father's eyes.' That look made him shudder from head to foot It was as much as hlie could do to stand Upright. He knew that he was lost. ' Oh, you villain I' cried the old man, shaking his clenched fist at him; and then, as if afraid of his own anger, throwing his stick to the other end of the room. ' I can't strike him,' he murmured-' I can't strike him IHe isn't worthy of the rage of a man like me ' Then there was a silence-a silence so intense that the ticking of a tiny ormolu, clock on the chimney-piece sounded like a death watch in the room. In those few moments 'oceans of memory' seemed to roll over their souls, nod for the time being to annihilate all thought. The young man was the first to speak, ' Father --' he comimenced. ' Silence!' said the Count, in a hollow voice. ' Don't speak I I can't bear to hear your voice I know that you are my son, and I know that you have broken poorValerie's heart.' Here the old man advanced towards him, and looking him full in the eyes, cried out, 'Parricide I you have killed your mother I Isaw her this morning. She wasn't delirious then, and when you entered the room when she was breathing her last, with her dying words she denounced you as a murderelc ' Step by step, Noel had recoiled to the other end of the room, and now leant against the wall, with a pale face and haggard eyes, trem bling, from head to foot. 'I know everytiq l' pursued the Count. 'And, what is worse still, I am not alone in my knowledge. At this very moment a sum mons has been issued for your arrest.' A cry, half of rage, half of despair, broke from the barrister's lips. Thunderstrnck at the verymoment of ex peeted triumph, he gathered himself together, and stood at bay, determined tofight out the fight to its bitter end. The Count do Valcourt, without appearing to be conscious of the presence of 1oel, went to his study table, and opened a drawer. ' Sit down,' lie said, sternly, 'and write the confession of your crime I You will after wards find a pistol in his drawer, that I have just opened, and heaven have mercy upon vonr soul I' The old gentleman made a movement, as to leave; but Noel stopped him by a gesture, taking a revolver from his pocket as he did so. 'You see, I require no aid of this sort,' he said. My precautions, as you will perceive, are already taken. I promise you I shall never be taken alive-omly, I make this pro viso. 'Oh, there's a proviso, is there?' interro gated the Count, sternly. . ' Yes,' answered the barrister in accents as cold and stern as the question. 'I am young, and you are old. The fact is, life is pleasant to me, I dotn't wanf to die j' 'What 1' cried the old Count, recoiling, and in a tone of disgust ' You don't mean to say you are a coward ?' 'No, monsieur, I'm not a coward; but I'll not put an end 1o my existence until I am perfectly assured that every loophole is closed to me, and that escape is impossible His father rushed towards his study table to the drawer that contained the loaded pistol, but, foreseeing the movement Noel closed it with a backward movement of his hand, and placed himself before it. 'Listen to me I' said the barrister, in those hloarse, short tones that are only used when we feel ourselves in imminent danger,-' listen to me I Don't let us waste, in vain and idle reproaches, the few minutes of explanation that are left me. As I have said before, the idea; of death is a horror to me. Give me the means I speak of in a pecuniary point of view, and I swear to you I will escape; and, if I fail, I swear to you as solemnly that I will not be taken alive I' For a moment-but a moment only-the old nobleman stood undecided. The thought of the scandal and shame, in which he had been a participator, weighed too heavily in the balance. He was frightened at the very idea of publicity, and if his whole fortune had been at his feet at the moment, he would have given it to the unfortunate man before him Luckily, on the Saturday he had drawn from his banker's a large sum of money, destined for the furnishing of the house of his newly found son. Without speaking a word, the Count opened a little iron safe fixed in the wall, and taking from it a bundle ofbank-notes, throw them at Noel's feet; then, falling upon his knees be side the sofa, he buried his grey head in the cushions, and burst into a violent fit of sobbing. When he looked up again, the room was empty. Noel was gone. An hour later, the servants found their master face downwards npon the carpet, to all appearances lifeless. CUAPTER XLVIII. NOEL, on leaving his father's house, walked up the street reeling like a drunken man. It seemed to him that the very pavement oseil lated beneath his feat, and that the houses and people around him were whirling round and round in a sort of mad waltz. His mouth was parched and dry, his eyes smarted as though he had been weeping, and every now and then he felt so sick that he was forced to lean for support against come doorway or lamp-post; but at the same time, strangely enough, he felt a sort of relief. Everything was known- finished-over I IIHe had played his game, and had lost I No more anguish now. All was ended-tihe fear -the hope-the horrible suspense. He had played his terrible part out, and could now take of his mask, and once more breathe at ease. An overwhelming and irresistible sinking of the spirits succeeded the nervous excite ment which had supported him since the day of the murder. The burning fever which for the last eight days had galvanised him into an unnatural sort of life had left him, and he felt an imperious desire for rest and quiet, accompanied at the same time by an aching void and an indifference to every thing that took place around him. This insensibility upon his part resembled that of persons, overwhelmed by sea-sickness whom nothing affects-- to whom all thil:gs are perfectly indifferent-who have neither the strength or the courage to think, and to whom the imminence of a great danger-nay, even death itself-cannot rouse from their sad de jection It'f hlie had been arrested whilst in this frame of mind he would not even have attempted a dcnia, but would have yielded without a mui mur. At last, after wandering through the Paris streets without any aim or end in view, a re action camne against this weaknes and exhaus tion of mind and body. A vivid consciousness of his fearful situation a-d the imminence of his danger rush back on his memory, and the thought of the scaffold came across him as when in a flash of lightning one sees a fearful abyss yawning at one's feet. Little by little night had crept on, and, with the darkness, Noel felt a return of his old courage and audacity. -' have money,' he thought. I'll go to America-I'll change my name-I'll com mence a new life; and, with my energy and abilities, it will be my own fault if I don't make a fortune l I've ready money, and that, after all, is the principal thing. Besides I can always draw upon my father. He hates publicity, and honour of the famill must be maintained at any price ' " He laughed a bitter laugh at this last re flection, when suddelly the thought of helly Nibholson darted across his mind. Was he to leave without her ?-never to see her again ? -never to speak to her more ? What I was hlie to fly, like a hunted beast, before the police, and she remain in Paris, in comfort and luxury ?-she, for whom he had sinned ?-she, for whom he had committed the crime ? TYyo bad reaped the benefit ? Nelly and Nolly alone; and wesn't it just that she should take her part in this punishment ? 'I know she doesn't love me I' thought the barrister, bitterly. 'I don't think she ever loved me 1 I have sometimes thought she would be glad to get rid of me! I don't think she would even shed a tear when she hears of my ruin I She told me one day, when J was hard up, that an empty purse was a useless thing, and only fit to be thrown behind the fire I Rich with my spoil, she'll make a capital marriage; and, before a week is over, I shall be forgotten I She will live a prosperrous and a happy life whilst I--' The voice of Prudecme warned him to for get Nolly, as he had prophesied she would forget him ; but the voice of paisioi answered, ' What matters ? Let us live or perish together. If she does not love me;,l love her, and come with me she shall and must I' But how was he to see Nolly-to speak to her-to argue her over into seeing things according to hii point 'of view? If he went to her at her own house, he might find the police there already. 'Yet, no,' thought Noel; 'nobody knows that I'vye made such a fool of myself with her. None of my friends are with her.' None of my friends are aware that I even visit her; apd, if I wrote, it would be more dangerbus still.' He walked on till he came to 'a cab-stand and, getting into a four-wheeler, gave the number of time house in the Rue de Provence, that street which had already been so fatal to him. Crouching back in a corner of the cab, half giddy with its rumbling and jolting, Noel forgot all about the future; the present became a blank. Even Nelly was forgotten. His past rose before him; and like a spectator at a theatre, he revidwed the tragedy of his own life. He saw how his love for Nelly Nicholson had lured hnim into debt. He saw himself on the brink of ruin, when a chance made him the possessor of tile private correspondence of tihe Count de Valcourt-not only of the letters read by Daddy Tabaret, and eommunicated to Albert, but of others still, when the Count thought the substitution had been accom plished, and all fear of detection at an end. SThe reading of these letters had turned his head. iHe felt delirious with excitement and joy. But he was soon awakened from his brief day-dream by his mother. She told him the truth-proved it to him by letters written to her by the Widow Lerouge-made him call on l01audino, who corroborated his mother's assertions, and showed him thle sear which her husband had made on the memorable night at the village inn But a drowning man does not choose the plank that is to save him. Noel determined to use the letters, and to exert his influence .ver his mother to write to the Count, and swear to him that the substitution hid really taken elace. This peoposition his mother repudiated with horror-and it was then that the thought of the murder entered his mind. The unhappy man was stopped in his retro spective review by the sudden pullirig up of the cab, which had rrrived at its destina. tion. Letting down the front window, he thrust some silver into the driver's hand, opened the door himself, and was up the stairs before the man had time to turn his head. Jeannette, the maid, gave a little scream of joy when she saw him. 'Oh, it's you, monsieur I Won't madame be pleased! She's been so uneasy about you 1' Nellie uneasy-and what for? The barrister, however, never thought of questioning the girl. It seemed that in pass ing that threshold he had suddenly recovered all his calmness and presence of mind. He was measuring the imprudence of his visit, and felt that minutes, even monments, wasted were a matter of life and death to him 'If any one calls,' he said to Jeannette, say that your mistress is out-say anything but as you value your place, don't admit a mortal soul. So, to your work and hold your tongue.' At the voice of Noel, Nellio ran into the hall -Hes pushed her back into the dining room, and, following, closed the door behind him. It was then, and then only, that the girl saw the face of her lover. How changed it was! How palel Hlow haggard ! ' What has happened ?' she gasped. Noel made no answer. He had sunk into a chair, and was wiping his forehead and hands with his pocket handkerchief ' For Hei-aven's sake, speak!' said Nellie. 'You are as white as a ghost I You' are ill I Let me call Jeannetto.' Springing to his feet, he caught her by the hands. ' Nellie,' he asked, in a hoarse voice, fixing on her his haggard, bloodshot eyes,-' Nellie; be sincere ! Speak the truth I Do you.love me ?' mo 7' She divined-she felt that something extra ordinary had happened, andthat some great misfortune was pending, yet, with the extra ordinary triviality that sometimnes, possesses her sex, she commenced Eoqluetting :with himn. ( You naughty fellow,' she said, 'you are fishing for compliments, and if you think you'll fish any out of me you'll find yourself in the wrong boat.' 'Stopl' interrupted Noel, stamping his foot violently upon the ground. ' I've asked you a simple question; can't you give me an answer?' And, as he spoke, he seized the tiny, dimpled hands ofNelly, and pressed them between his own till she winced with pain. ' Yes or no I--do you love me ?' A hundred timesshe had played with the passionate temper of her lover, amusing her self with exciting him into a rage, and equally amused at patting and smoothing him down again into a placid and happy frame of mind. But she wds frightened now. She had never seeI him like this. Something dreadful must have happened i SOfcburse I You know I love you I' shbe stammered. ' Haven't I proved it to you ? Why do-you ask me?' 'Why?' answered the barrister, throwing the girl's hands from him. ' What I mean is this--ithat if you love me it is now neces sary you should prove it I Follow me on the inatant-this momentnowl Throw up every. thing-this moment-do you hear?' SThe girl was white to her very lips. She had never been so afraid in her life. £ You frighten me Noell What is it- what do you mean ?' That I've beep 4 fool, and have loved you too much I Yes my love for you, Nelly, has been my ruin. The day that saw me without money sufficient to supply your luxuries and indulge your caprice, I ceased to be an honest man! For your sake, I have committed a crime-a terrible one I The officers of justice are now on my track I . If there be any truth in the oath 'you have so often sworn, come with me I Five minutoes' delay nmeans death ' Nellie looked at him in wide-eyed astonish ment. S'Crime I You have committed a crime for me ?' .?Iurder, that's all I! he said, with a sort of stolid indifference. ' For me ?' she repeated-'for mi ?' . . ' 'For who else? It was my mad'love that did it all, But for my madness-frnzy- call it what you will- my hands .wodld still be as white as yours. You do not answer. Well, it is but the completion of my love's mad folly to believe in the possibihlity of a woman's gratitude.' He turned towards the door, when, with a ory and a bound like a young panther'p, she was upon him. (To be gtitluud.) Stories for Bunday evenings.-lMamma: So now Maggie, you understand all the story of Lot's wife, don't you t-Maggie : Yes; but I want to know where all the ealt comoes from that isn't malde out of ladi es? 