During the past few years the district of Jlla ?w.iiTii has become somowhafc famous as a plat form for Ministerial speeches. Shortly after Mr. Parkes became Member for Kiamahe gave that locality an undying notoriety in connection ?with the ' Kiama Ghost' and ' Kiama Mys tery' sensations. . , Then, again, Mr. .William . ' FoiiSTEU^whoj-though not at the time a Minis ; loiyiattracted the eyes and ears of ;the' colony, ?while, ho was 11 candidate for this electorate , ' and delivering speeches on public matters and 1 2-ublic men in our midst. As'will be' remem-, bored, 'Mr. Fokster was then the nian'who hail moved the vote of censure that resulted in tho I ' Ministry of the day being oustod on.' the Border ?' question. -And not -only 'so, Wit in duo course ? . ? ' lie jwas called, uponbyHhe then Administrator ' ? of the Governmcnt-r^-Sir Alfred 'Stephen — -to : fprnVn, Ministry on the re- assombling of the new i' . Parliament.- ...All this ? being the caso, Mr. i ' Forsteii was the most prominent public man iii ; . ' the colony- at the time ' of his candidature iind^ election for Illawarra.' So much' was this tlio : fact, that a' reporter .from, the Sydney Morning Herald attended, the1 nomination,- in. order to report' to 'the' country ^yhateyer/Mr.'.FoRSTEU might utter- on tho.i occasion. ,.Nb(-,.veryflong nrior'tlie-timo-'alliulod to, Mr.' PARKES-'pass'e'd through this district as 'far as Kiiirnaj being en ; ' turtained at a public dinner in this, town on his- I ? way southwards. As is well ' known, Mr. j Parkes made a speech on that occasion also, justifying the policy and procedure of his Go vernmonfc, and satirically condemning the1 con duct and intervention of the Opposition..' The spceoh then made by Mr. Parkes occasioned . much discussion in Parliament, and gave rise' to: false hopes in the minds of the people of this ? district to 110 small degree respecting the matter of the proposed Metropolitan and Illawarra !Railway, From that time until within the past week no Minister of the Grown has visited this district. During the past few days, how : . ever, the Ministry has again been strongly ' represented in the Jllawurrn district, there having been no less than throe members of the Govorninont at Kiama on tho occasion, of the official opening of tho Harbour Works at that port.- In the course of remarks mado by those Ministers, both at Kiama and in this town, the importance of the district was fully recognised and ' referred to. hi his speecli at the naming' 'of the Basin at Kiiunn, Mr. Lackey spoke in glowing terms of the immense natural resources, as well as tho charming beauties of the Kiamu district, and Ilio South Coast tomlory as a whole. At the tliimw given :U the Court-house, on the evening of the same' day, Mr. D alley referred to the riches and natural onchantments j of the district in terms still more eulogistic and ; eloquent. In speaking of the wonderful re sources and' grand scenery of these districts, Mr. Dalley referred to tho matter of the Illa warra Railway, and expie.ssod a regret that the item placed on the Estimates for that important public ' work had been out-voted, and principally by tho opposition of those who had at first encouraged -the move ment and proposed .the ' expenditure. Then, again, Mr. Lackey's speech at the Queen's Hotel, on Thursday evening last, had special reference to Illawarra. and especially as regarded its right to, and need of, a railway. AjkI in all that Mr., Lackey uttered on that occasion he was 'unquestionably sincere and candidly honest. His ' remarks were straight forward, and altogether liad a sterling ring about them, that is not always the case in deliverances of Ministers . of tho Crown. ' In speaking of tho matter of tho Illawarra ? Rail way, the honorable gentleman referred most forcibly and frankly to the public rights of Illawarra and its people to .such a moans of -communication with the metropolis, and he, at the same time, condemned in suitable terms the ?base conduct of those by whose traitorous and 'unprincipled actions the railway vote had been defeated. The honorable gentleman also shewed clearly that tho matter of a railway between Illawarra awl Sydney deserved to bo looked tipon and considered as a great public require ment in which the whole -colony was deeply intc,rest6d. This is the sole basis upon which' we have ever advocated the construction of the proposed railway, and upon which tho people of this district have' asked for, and will continue' to demand ,it as a right, until .justice shall have, been done by tho laying down of the line from the deep .waters, of Port Jackson to those of Jervis-Bay.''rMr. Lackey's words were, 'The Government brought the railway- item forward, and did ; their best to induce.; the Parliament to pass it for tho best interests of the country — he would say/' for the interests only of Illa warra. ' In a large measure, of course, Illawarra would be benofitted j.bnt he would' not 'flatter them by Saying that the Govornment'did it for this district alone. They did it after mature consideration for the best interests of the whole country. 7 ? . : If they did not succeed it was their- misforturie ; it was the misfortune of the people of Illawarra, and was the misfortune of the whole, colony. The prospects of the district were great, and its resources extensive and numerous, and he hoped whoever' occupied power would be impressed with the importance of constructing this railway which this Govern ment had in vain endeavoured to carry out.1' There was no uncertain ...sound about these expressions, onr the part of the Minister for Works ; they were open' and candid, and, as a matter of course, were uttered after most mature and careful consideration! , ? Of Mr. 'Robertson's speech on the same occasion wo have little to say,- and nothing to find fault with. That honorable gentleman dis phiyed his- usual and well-known' ability in dealing with many public questions . of general importance,' .especially the Land Law of the colony in its past, present, and prospective ?bearing.s In delivering his sjiecch, Mr. Robert son was evidently speaking morc'to the people of the colony as, a wholo than to an Illawarra audience. 'Whilst 'enumerating the measures passed by, the Government during last session, he omitted,1- however, - to mention' a very im portant piece of legislation tlien enacted. Wo allude to the. Collieries Regulation Bill, which' is certainly a long step,* though only a step, in the right direction. The passing of,this measure might certainly have been referred to with satisfaction by Mr. Robertson, whose deliver ance, though able and comprehensive, was in complete without doing so. ' ' 