THE RECENT MURDER IN QUEENSLAND. ■ STRANGE APPARITION. The Maryborough correspondent of the Brisbane Telegraph, writing on the 24th ult., says :—" The night after the enquiry as to the sudden death here of a woman named Rixson (when a verdict of death from natural causes was returned), a man named Adamson going home across the reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laugh ing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes fightable if you but smile when he narrates his experience. This is what he saw—First, what ap peared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage he walked towards the object. As he drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold per spiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his head. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixson! Then came a voice, " I am the murdered wife of Rixson!" Tho apparition then placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and —disappeared. Adam, son does not know how long he re mained on the reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, and told his extra ordinary experience to tbe police, and they, growing suspicious, arrested Rix son and Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repeated in the Police Court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixon took a "down" on his wretched wife. Ho cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of the week of his wedded life he slept at the woman Quipps' lodgings. He frequently swore that he would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning, 15th March, he left Lydia at six o'clock, and went to his garden to dig her some sweet potatoes. In about half- an-hour he returned, and while delivering the potatoes said, " I lhave been and done for my wife." The woman answered, "Good God, I will never speak to you again as long as my name is Lydia Quipps." Then he hold her by the windpipe, saying, "This is the way I did it." Afterwards Rixson said to her, "So help my God, I have not done it;" and left her. In consequence of the additional evidence the body was exhumed, a second post-mortem examination was held, and Dr. Little, on being recalled, gave it as his opinion, gathered from the re-exami nation and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangulation. That is the case. Rixon seemed utterly astonished at the evi dence the police had gathered, and it is believed that the remorse—if he is capable of it—which visited Eugene Aram will induce him to make a full confession of his guilt.'' * . 