George Harris's examination continued:/1 '.hold in. my. hand a letter dated Brisbane, 1st ...April, ol853,. addressed r.to. mo at Bendigo, .*"? and /? which: I .received there in jMajr that • year. > ithe, : letter is from John Harris, and asked ,rae to join him mbusi . ness-.-here in. a . limited • partnership ; •all the liabilities of the firm that I know of in London up to December 3i, 1875, by John Harris's account current, rendered to the firm " h'ero;'attd received about February or March . last, amounted. tp"£184,000, which amount to a very great extent I dispute, and believe that if the whole of John Harris's account with the ".Brisbane firm from-the commencement in 1853 .' .to , the date of the insolvency, were thoroughly ^.checked and investigated by myself and an >. expert and neutral accountant, that that ✓..balance could be reduced to the extent of many ; {thousands of pounds, probably to the extent of £20,000 oc £30,000, .or more, and I base my j opinion.on the fact that I have frequently, by 'u lo'cter: and. verbally, objected to John Harris's >v accounts as being excessive, unusual, und un . business-like; objected to his charging the \- jfirm.here with his office expenses in London; ^<to.hiS rotainiug all commissions he made there t i' by tbe aid of the staff whose expenses he {charged to us; also objected to his charging . ^ commission on purchasing goods, and on j.tho sale of produce; also objected to f. manner in which he dealt with • -/.bills of• lading sent by me to him from time to <-!time, representing numerous and large ship >. taients of-general produce, on account of his not . ^giving.the firm credit for the cash advances he h Vvteived from time to time from the various . .brokers in-London, in whose hands he placed .' these shipments for sale; and on account of his • ;notigiving.us credit for these moneys on the t; day on which he received them, hut deferring crediting our account for frequently mou'lis •after, till be received the account sales from £ ! the' brokers, whereby our account with him \- suffered considerably, in the interest;-also • objected.for many years to his mode.of dealing With-.*bank drafts.remiited hymo in the same Xvay ; - ttnd generally to tlio . excessive. prices i V charged; us for nearlv all the goods shipped to ; 'Us,' and' also-to;his shipping goods to ,us not v ordered, and frequentljr drawing on.us against such shipments, which drafts I always paid to » protect , his and the firm's honour ; :ull.these j matters-have tended .to considerably:increase \- Jobnt[ Harris s claim against; thefirm here; . for many, years past considerable shipments • of goods to n large,amount have;been shipped in . London much later than- we directed,;.iri \- consequence of .which; they frequently aud in >'almost allucases.. arrived hei*c -late in season; r wero,consequently.;unsaleable for the time . vbeing and; had- to-bo : held over . for another j season or?.longer, at u considerable .loss of . r interest on money, bonded store rent, and other /!> charges ;> had also had-occasion.to frequently I/complain of dhe'-excessivo iutes of/ freight \- charged .ns asv compared,with most.other con-, './Bigncesby tlio same vessels; most of the vessels . bnnging'goods to our consicnmeut were partly owned;* by.- Joliu ;Hnnis; -in rJune,/1875,(the • ' habihties .due^by tho firm-to'Jolin. Harris, r according -to account current, amounted Uo . £149,588 16s. riUd.;. since ;thut date; up to the, ; ... time..of-theinsolvency tho booksiof.the firm' ■ horo -show due John .Harris about £167,067.:^ \- cannot, tell, .the amount of cash remitted - to :.London from: Juno 30,, 1S75;,'the firm;was .. not'insolvent iin; Juno.30,1874,to.my^khoW'v ledge,.and, thcro was no occasion for.it to havo . -becomo insolvent at aU'if only, its just and true'" i debts had only been chargeableto tliefirm here, -?-nndfor whattho firnihadreeoived consideration: y for; John ^IIuiTis lius-on.- several' occasions \- mentioned to ine.thut he/.considered my draw " j; mgs largo undor .thodeed of partnership; until tho lost one, I was permitted, thesumeus John' '/Harris; to draw. any amount Lthought proper; . tho deed of partnership, , dated 19 March,;1874; /: between-. John i Harris ..of London, George .^Harris of.Brisbane, and John-Walter of Lon "Jdon; admits my right to draw ^£100. a month ; II'cannot^ say.if; rhave dniwii*;£y0,000 from . ij March',::;i8oS;> cannot say fwhether(, in some yearslhaye drawn as much as £10,000 out, of ^,thO;Concern;for my own private use; Obavo no : ">.hooks, or. accounts.before.mo to. refer,to; believe ; .that thascHedidq filed -by mo oh behalf of the firm shows jhQ trqe>tnte^of. tho;affairs[ of: the firm according to the ' books, which I "believe aro correct; the' schedule filed on behalf of myself discloses the true state of my affairs, as far as I am aware; am not aware of any property I havo not disclosed; I might men tion that there may he various allotments of land standing in my name although the pro perty of the firm, and theso are principally and generally in connection with our fc»te branch business at Ipswich and Harrisville and Roma, being securities in the shape of leases and homestead areas which .the farmer's fre quently gave to our representative a& seciirity for their accounts; many of these deeds issued in my personal frame were re-transferred on payment of the accourts; the same remarks apply to the steamers Nowra and Emma ; had land at Oxley, the deeds of which were de posited as seciirity for ihy } riVate overdraft, and the lands sold from time to time in reduc tion of the overdraft; this letter was not; inmy hands, hut Dunckley, I think; read out! to me iho purport of the last clause; the cod-; tents of the last clause in the .letter shijwn me is "we shall be'gla'd if you willsoiilform itr. George Harris as we srnill itr. John Harris Mr. Durickloy Drought me the letter in a very hurried mannner and read this clause of the: letter,and left again almost immediately; I had previously asked Mr. Dunckley, and upon the! occasion also, to provido mo with particulars and copies of his position and all instructions in connection with the business of my firm, and until he did so I absolutely and positively declined • to enter into or agree to his right to ask me liny questions in connection with illy firm's business, or my own; I pressed, my request to Mr. Dunckley on. several occasions to provide me the particulars: of; any agreement entered into by him either; with Mr. John Harris or any other parties in London in connection with the firm's business, on; which I was informed by letters from Mr. John Harris, London only, that Mr. Dunckley had been sent out here to investigate and report upon the affairs of the firm; id which letter John Harris stated he enclosed to me a copy of Mr. Dunckley'fl instructions from the committee in London, which copy was never enclosed in the letter, and I have never re ceived such copy from John Harris; after mentioning this to Mr. Dunckley, and reading to him John Hanis's letter, he gave- me a copy of what he said was his instructions, but no; signatures were attached to . it,:, and I have this. copy- here: M!r. Dunckley fre quently mentioned to. me, as he has done! to, Mr. Archer, of, the Bank of Hew South' "Wales, and Mr. Browne, of Messrs..Littlo and Browne, in my presence, that he held no power or authority ; whatever to enable him to act in any way.; 1 am not, aware that Mr. Dunckley ever cautioned me against dealing with my private property. , . •<-. , The Court adjourned. . On the . court resuming at two o'clock, the examination of Mr. George Harris was continued : I hayo, received.money from Go vernment for lanil at Dalby under an award from the Railway Arbitrator, some time in July last, for. lauds standing in my name, resumed for the railway; the amount was about £70; gave this money to Mrs. Harris, as tho land was settled 011 her; this settlement was made in I860, and another was made in I860; tho first was post, and the latter an ante-nuptial settlement; the first settlement, as far as I remember, settled all my effects at that time; hy effects I mean household furni ture, and the sum of £7,000, but just now I do not remember anything else; I think there was u special covenant that the acquired money of the property accruing to Mrs. Harris would be protected for herself; the post nuptial settlement of 186S embraced all the effects in and about my then and present residence at Newatead, including all cattle, horses, car riages, &e.;, about the place, and I think it in-' eluded a vessel: cidled Hamlet's Ghost, and nearly all. the lands standing in my private name; my private effects at that time I sup pose, would he worth about £2,000 or £3,000, and . the value of the reality between £4,000 itud £5,000; I should think'the present market value, of -what is remaining would be about £500 the present value of my personal effects isirom £1,000 to £1,200; think it likely that portions-; of the settled property, as well as of my own personal effects, were sold at different, times.the last, sale of ray personal effects was in November, 1874, and realised£322 14s. 3d.; these,..; were principally books; X havo sold ^nothing since the insolvency; I sold nothing iu Sydnoy within three months of my insolvency; nothing was sold in Sydney six months prior to my insolvency, Jn.;' which Xhad any interest; held some mining scrip and mining interest in May last; had l-12th share in No.;l Smithfield prospecting claim, Gympib, and,543 shares in tlio ,South Smithfield Gold Mining Company, limited; had 995 shares in the .Aiirelia .Gold• mining Company; held 22-240thin tho Central Smithfield; had 300 shares in the Caledonian; there may be 791 shares in-No. 2 North Caledonian Co., but they are'in possession of. the Bank of New South tVhles on account of the firm; had 2,082 shares inJtho-Blue Mountain Tin Mining Co., Stan* thorpq^sold the l-12tli interest in the Smith field -prospecting claim, .and other mining interests, to John Thorn, in ; May last; sold him;, tho 545,. shares South Smithfield, the, :\905/;i&ares; Aurclia, tho 22-240th shares inLTlthefiCcntral Smithfield, 300 shares in the Caledonia. Gold-mining Company, and thero 701 in fhn No. 1 North California were.791 shares s in the No. 2 North California ^Company, Gympio» now in the bank, on account of the firm; also had, in May, 2,082 shares in the Bluo Mountain Tin-mining Company; all these Shares atid interests, with the exception of thoso in the California, sold to Mr. John Thorn, early in May last, together with 10,781 shares in the Mount Mariay Tin Mining Com pany;., received £422 17s. for them; Mr. .Thorn is . my brother-in- law; never made .unv arrangement hy which X was to receivo thoso shares back again ; it was an absolute sale; was very glad to got rid of them and the liability, attaching to them;. thoy had been a .constant loss to mo for years past; the pur "chaso-mohey was employed in paying several of my , personal debts; bqhevedjthat .Mr. Thorn had received a dividend of £80 prior to the insolvency, and one of £150 afterward^ from the South Smithfield shares, hut that the expenses' had been within some . trifling amount of the dividends received; there was no arrangement by which I was to receive a portion of the dividends ; Hewgtead stood in my name, hut was subject to a mortgage to the Hon.' James Taylor, of Toowooraba, as mentioned in my sche dule; Harris' Terrace was conveyed to my wife On the 21st August, 18?3, subject to a mortgage then existing to the late George Thorn, sdn., of Ipswich, for £6,725, with in terest at 8 per cent.; in March; 1874, the mortgage was paid off, by Mrs. Harris obtain ing £10,000 from Mr. James Taylor, to whom tHe buildings were mortgaged, with 8 per cent, interest; did not believe that dny of that mortgage had been paid of; it has not beeit as far as I am aware; Mr. Lyons, of Lyons and Chambers, has informed me within the last .two or three weeks that he intended, on hehaif of liis firm, to hold, certain deeds, alining scrip, &c.;, mentioned in my sche dule, and left mth Mr; Lyons for delivery to the trustee, against ft debt due by my firm to Messrs. Lyon3 and Chambers, but I was not aware that this would be done when the documents were left with Mr. Lyons; they were in Messrs. Lyons and Chambers' office before, but were given to nfe to make up my schedule* 