^HEOKMATB. BY THB AUTHOB OF '*THB HOTJBB BS THE CHUBCHrABD.' 'WnXING TO DIB, The drawing-room door hid been opaned a little the night beinf eultty, and ArouEb , it now c»me tbe cleat tones o£ a well-taught bantone. It wrb sinrinTa slow and itnpasBiofied air, and its tone,, thongS sweet, chilled hia with a . tfiMg; pain. It Memed like insUc-ct that told him i ; was :tt. straneer's voice. One moment's thought would have proved it eqoallv. . mere waa no oseelse prweutto .uDMt but V.vun Daroley, and^he was nomusiaan; but to utviu «™» i7!T™ m* if a hundred psople were there he should hive felt it all the same, and intsutively recognised it as f^wffiittattatToi«. which U so hateful? What is it in that passioa which sounds insincere ( What gives to those sweet tones a lav»ui diicard, thatcreepsso coldly through my nerves? Sa thaught David Arden, as, with oa» hend still upon the window-swh, he listened and turned toward the open door with & frowB akin to oco ot pain. Spell-bound, he listened till the song was over, and sighed and shook his ears with a sort ot shudder when the music censed. ' I don't know why 1 stayed to listen. Pace voice— what is tbe agency about that fellow i1 I'm a fool, but I em't help it, and I saus: brine the idea to the test.' „ Hedescended the s;airs slswly, crossed the Ban, and walked thoughtfully down the passage le&aing; to the housekeeper's room. At this hour the old woman had it mually to herself. He knojked at the housekeeper's door, and recognised tae timiuar voice that answered. ? How do you do, Martha ?' said be Btrsdme Cheerily into the room. ' Ah! Master David ? So it is, sure !' ' Ay sore and sure* Martin,' 6iil Iw, taking the old woman's h»nd, with his kijd smile. ? And how are you, Martha P Tell me how you ar-.' ' I won't say much. I'm not so canty « you II mind me. I'm an old wife now, Mieter David, and not much for this world, l'n thinking,' she an swered dolorously. ' You may outlive mucu younger peopie, uuw, we are all in the hands of God,' said David, smil ing. 'Itssemsto me but yesterday tint I and poor Harry used to run in here to you from our play in the grounds, and you had always a bit of eoaietbinz for us hungry fellows to e»t, come when we might.' 'Ah, ha; Yes, ye wore huncry fellows then— spirin' up, fine tall lads. Be ?inUd was never like ye; he was seven years older than you. And hungry? Yeal The cold turkey and hum, ye mind— by Jen! I hava seen y* eat hearty; and pancakes—ye liked them beat of all. Aud it went into a good skin. I will sfty-you and Master Harry (God be wi' him) a fine, handsome pair of lads ye were. And you're a handsome fellow still, Master David, and might have married well, no doubt ; but man proposes and God disposes, and time and tide '11 wait for no man, and what's one man's meat's another man's poison. Who knows and all may be for the beat ? And that Mr. Lone cluse is dining here to-day ?' she added, not very coherently, and with a sudden gloom. ?Tes, Martha, that Mr. Longclu.-e is dining hers fn.jOn . .ml Hfuotor nir-t mils mw von did not fall in love' with him at first sight, when they paid you a visit here. Is that true ?' ' I don't know. I don't know whst. Tbe sight of him— orrhe sound of his voice, I don't know which, gave me a turn,' Baid tho old won* an. ' Well. Martaa, I don't like his face, either. H* gave me, aUo, what you call atum. H*'a very pale and I felt as if 1 had been frightened by him when I was a child; and yet he must ba fomefive and twenty years vounger than I am, and I'm almost certain I never' saw him before, Sa I say it must be something that's no canny as you used to say. What do yeu think, Martha?' ? 'Ye miy ba fusnin', Master Divid. Ye were always a cunty lad. Bat it's o'er true. I can't bring to mind what it is, I can't tell, but some thing in that man's face gev me a stun. I concei ted 1 was just going to s wound ; and he looked sa straight at me, like a ghost.' ' Mastax Richard says you looked very hori at Mr. Longclusa; you had bath a good store at each other,' said Oacle David. ' He thought there was going to b6 a recognition.' .... 'Bid I ? Well, no ; I don't know him. I think. 'Tii all a jummlement, like. I could bring nout to mind.' ,, , 'I know, Martha, you liked paor H.wry well,' said David Arden, not with a smile, but with a very sad countenance. 1 That I did,' said Mrs. Tansey; ? And I think you like me, Mtirtha ?' ' Ye are no: far wrong there, M»star David.1 ' And for both our sakea(for mine and hie, for the dead no less than the living) I urn sura you won't allow any thought of trouble, or nervous aeBS, or fear of lawyers browbeating, or that sort of thing, to d«ter you 'from saying, whenever and whenever ju3tice may require it. everything you know or suspect respecting that dreadful occur rence.' _ 'The death of Ksstar Hsrry, ye mean I ex claimed Mrs. Taneey steraly, drawing herself up ona sudden, with a pale frown, and looking full at j him. ' Me to hide or hold back aught that couM bring the truth to light 1 Oh I Mister David do you know what ye're sayin'F' 'Perfectly,* said he, with a melancholy ensile; ' and I am glad it vexes you, Martha, becanse I need no answer on that point more than your ?hottest voica and faas.' 4 Keep back aught, man V she repeated, striking her hand on tie table. * Why, lad, I'm lose that old hand under the chopper for one eliff o' the truth into that damned stray. Why, lawk ! where's yet head, boy? Wasn't I maist killed myself, for sake o' him that niebt p* 'Ah, Martha, brava girl. I'm satisfied; and I -ask your pardon for the question. But yeira bring alteration, yon know; and I'm changed in mind myself in many ways I never would have believed. And everyone dosen't see with me that it is our duty to explore a crime like that, to track the villain if we can. and bring him to justice. You do, Martha; but there are many in whose veins paor Harry's blood is running, who don't feel like yon. Master Bichard said that the gentleman looked as if he did not know what to make of you ; ?and, by Jove!' sail he, * I didn't either —Martha stared so.' ' I couldn't help. 'Twae scare1* civil ; but truly I couldn't, Sir,' said Martha .Tansey, who bad by this time recovers J her equanimity. ' He did re Blind me of summat.' ' We will talk of that by-and-by, Martha ; we will try to recall it. What I want you first to tell me is exactly your recollection of the lamentable occurrence of that night. I hive a full note of it at home ; but I have not looked at it for years, and I want my recollection confirmed to- night, that you and I may talk over some posBibilities which I \- ehouldlike to ex* nine with your help.' ' I can talk of it no w,' baid th e old woman ; ' but for many a year after it happened I dare sot. I could not sleep for many a nigh! after I told it t ) anyone. But now I can bear it. Si, Master David, you may a6k what you please.' 'Hirst let me bear your recollection of what happened,' said David AHen. ' Ay, MaBter David, that I will, sit ye down, for my old bones won't carry me standing no time now, and ait I must. Bight well ye're lookin', and ti{ht glad am I to see it, Master David; and ye were always a handsome laddie. God blees ye, and God be wi' the old times I And poor Master. Harry — poor laddie I I liked him well. You two looked beautiful walkin* up to t' house together— two conny, handsome boys ye were.' CHAPTER XX. MBS. TAUSEY'S STOBY. The sun don't touch these windows till nightfall In the short days o' winter, the last sunbeam at thesettin' just glints along the wall, and touches a sprig or two o' them scarlet geraniums oa the wiffdastone. 'Tie a cold room, Master David. In summer evenings, like this, ye have just a chilly flush o' the sun, settin', end, before ife well on the windas, the bats and beetles is abroad, and the moth is flittin', end the gloaming fa's', said the aid .woman. ' The windas looks to tbe wast, but also t bit to the north, ye'll mind, and that's the cause eft. I don't complain. I ha' Buffered it these thirty years and more, and 'tain't worth while, for the lew years tbafs left, making a blub and a blither about it. I'm an old wife now. Master David, and there can't be many more years for me left aboon the graae, sa I e'en let be and takes the world easy ye see; and thafs the reason I aye keep a bit a' woed burnirr' on the hearth— it keeps the life in my old bcmee.flnd J hope it ain't too warm for yon, Master David f Wet a Wt tfwtiu. This «io« °E the house ie cool.:fMa.embet that out room, when we were toys,3ocTbfl'-mt from it, nifh «p, yourecoUectand * °Th'f8 it, ye werein the top o' the houBe ; and pjor Harry, wi1 his pictures oVhoraw and does hangin' sp en the wa's. Lawk ! it Beams but the last week. How the yews flits! 1 often thinks ot him. See what a moon there »a to-m^ht. iwas juat such a moon that night, oly frostier, ye see, the same clear sky and bright noon; 'twould make ye wink to look at. Ye're not too Uot wi' that bit °'rf?^f&toMartCna;'lUkethemoon,and nK'rwTnfdidUke?lemckerofthera fire. rThe fUme was cheery, and took off something of ihe dismal shedo* that stole ovor everything whaaUer he applied his affectionate mind to the Uoiroiaof :he dieadful night on which he was now rumicatia^Oneofthewindow-shutterswasop^ and the chi 1 briuancy oi me ™™. »~ ?» » '—«- Kkyv w» serenely vieMe over tbe black fore ground ot trees. The wavering of the redder light li tbe fire, as its redaction spread and faded upon thewainECOt. was -warm and pleBS*nt; and, had their talk been of leM ghastly things, would have orghtened their thoughts with a sense of cam f°-i have not very long to stay, Martha,' said David Arden, looking at bis watch, 'so tell me your _ re collection as accurately as you can. Let me near thut first; and then I want to ask youtfor some particular information, which lam euro you can ^ Why not P Who should I give it sooner to? Will ye take a cup o' eoffee ?' ' NT3.' ' Well, a gia9s o' curacoa r' ' No.' ? And what will you take r . ?You forget that I have t&ken; everything, and come to you with all my wants supplied. So now, dear Mar'.he, let me know it all. ' 1'U tell ye all about i:. I ws jounger and stronger, mind, than I am now by twenty yews and more. 'lisa short time to look back on, but a good while passing, and leaven many a gap and change, and many a em and wrinkle. \ ... e F -- _ __i-~nui« +»Tnhla alcoAVfl in Mrs. mere wss u puiynvio »«»— - — *- -- - - ?jansey's voice, in the thin hand she extended tj wards him, and in the head from which her old eyes glittered gla93ily on him. _„««»* ?Toe road is very lonely by mght-tae loneliest in all England. When it paaes ten oelock, you might listen till ejek-crow fora footf nil. Well, I and Thomas Kidley, and Anne Hislet. was i all the people at Uortlake just then, the family l»u-8' the iVorth; except Master Harry. He went to a ra:e across the country, that run th.t day; and he told me, langhing, he would not ask me te throw an old shoe after Mm, is he stood sure to win two thonsand pounds. And -away he went, litte thinkin,' him and me, how.our next meetm would be. At that titn old Tom Clinton -yell mind 'To be sure I do,* said Divid &.rden. ' Well, Tom was in the gatehouse then; after he died, his daughter's husband got it, ye *»-«?**« when he had out-stayed his time by two tooM for he waseoing northwards « the morning, mi told me he'd be eurely back before ten— I began to grow frightened, and I pot on my bonnet and cloak, and down I runs to ttie eatehouse, and knocks up Tom Clinton. It was nigh twelve o'clock then. When Tom came to the door, hav ing dressed in haste. I said. 'Tom, which way will Master Harry return,? he's not been mm. ^ And says Tom, 'If he's comin' straight from the course he'll come down from the cauntry; bu; if hes d,W instead in London ael come down the T»linrrtnn wav ' 'Well,' eaid I, 'go you, Tom, to S?urn 7ythe road, and look end Hsten for Bight or sound, and bring me word.' I doo jt know what was f rightenin' me. He was often later, and fnever minded; but somethiRg that night was on my miua, like a warning, for I couldn't get the fear outo' my heart. Well, who cimes nding back but Dick Wallocb, the groom, that had wove away with him inthe gig in the mormrf; and gladl was to see his face at the gate. It was bright ind moonlieht and says I, ' Dick, how is Master Barry? I. all wd? with himP' So he tells me ay, all was well, and he goin' to drive the g-g .on himself from town. He was at a PlaC8-you ^1 mind the name of it-where it tmned rat fthey playad cards and dice, and won and lost like fooH, or worse, aa some o' them no doubt was. Well, says I, ' go up as he told you, with the hone, mi ftutav new till he comes back, if it wasn't till daybreak.' For all the time my Heart misgave me that there was Burnma*. bn.1 to happen; and wnoa Tom Clinton came back, says I, 'Tom, you go id, and get to your raom, and let sit in your kitchen; nilethiminwhen he comes, for I can't go up to the house.orcloseaneyetillhecomes.' Wei .it was full an houraf ter, and J wns uttin'w the kitcben window that looks out on the road, -alarm' wide awake, and lookin,' now oneway now another, up and down, when I hears the dink of footfall upon tlie stones, and a tall, ill-favoured man wUks slowly by. and turns his face towards tbe window a8'hV?ouaSB^''him distinctly, then?' aid D.vid ^As'plain as ever I eaw you. An iil-:&voured; fallow in a light dr*b grest coat wi] a cape to .it. I He looked white wi1 fear, and wild big ? oyee, and a I nifrh hooked nose, a tall chap wi' hi. hands » h« lpiTcketB,andalow.crownedhaton. He went on alow, till » whistle sounded, and then he ran down theroad a bit towards tie sjenal. « That was towards the lebngton side. ' Av Sir, and I grew more uaeasy. I was Ecurea wi' the sight o' such a man at that time o' night m that lonesome place, and the whutlin' and run m°Did you see the same man ajain that night P' at- Yes, -atw»s the same I saw afterwards, Lord ba' mercy on us ! I saw him again, »i his murdering work. Oh, Master David 1 it aiawi my ornu. wild, and my skin creep, to think of that sight. ' I did wrong to interrupt you ; tell it your own way, Martha, and I can afterward* ask y on tb questions that lie near my heart.' Bald Daviti Arden. 