MADCAP YIOLET. BY WILLIAM BLAOK. AtJTHOB 0F,A FBrN0ES3 OF TH0OS, ThSEB FEATHEBS, &0.. &0, Chapter XXXIDT.—An Encounter. Violet came down next morning to the clean, bright breakfast-room. The French windows showed her the sunlight shining on the green lawn outside,' and on the yellow leaves left on the chestnuts. There was a brisk fire burning in the grate. All this bright, warm comfort, and the strange quiet of the Sunday morning, even the spotless purity of the table-linen, seemed so different from London. She feared all this. She wished she had not made the acquaintance of these friendly people. She would rather have been with grown very dark for her; and-as her chief wish now was to be out of it, she did not care to make new friends or cultivate new associations, she might have to leave with some regret. The lonely room in London was more to her liking. 1 Mrs. Dowse came bustling into the break fast room, smiling radiant, apologising to Violet for being late,and almost apologising forhaving dressedherself somewhat smartly. She said she had given up the notion of surviving her husband and marrying again; so that she could not afford to forfeit, Richard's affections by sinking into slat ternly habits. Richard liked to see her smartly dressed in the morning; and there was nobody else to dress for. If she was lost, Richard would advertise that she was not of the slightest use to any one but the owner. And so the good-natured woman chattered on, in a friendly way; and Violet really began to like her, despite her some what heavy golden chains and brooches. At breakfast Violet seemed rather disin clined to go to church; but when Edward Dowse—who looked rather pale, and un healthy in the morning—suggested that they should have the waggonette and drive away to a certain remote and picturesque little parish chiuch which he named, she eagerly assented to that. In due time they started. " "Why do you wear a veil in the coun try, Miss Main?" said Mrs. Dowse, with a smile. " I suppose it. is habit," the girl said. It was indeed an ancient and picturesque little church they reached at length; the outside largely overgrown with ivy, the inside quaint, dusky, and. smelling of damp. They were country people who sat in the benches—mostly old, wrinkled, and bowed. The parson was a rubicund, 'benevolent looking man. -Presently his voice sounded in a monotonous and melancholy manner through the hushed little building. • .. She heard little of the service;J her heart was sore. It seemed to her that this small out-of-the-way church was a bit of that 11 old " England that was very dear to her, and that she was about to leave for ever. Leaving London was nothing. But where in that far land to which she was going would she find "the old-fashioned parish church, and the simple peasants, and the easy-going paternal pastor ? It was all part of a picture that had been familiar to her from her childhood—the ivy on the walls, the dull diamonded panes inside, the marble tablets, the oaken pews, and the fresh-washed faces of the girls who stood up in the choir to sing. Sometimes, in London, she went to a very grand church, which had fine architecture without and elaborate'decorations within; and she was much impressed by the music, afid she listened attentively to the sermon. She had never thought twice about leaving that. Here, in the Berhshire church, she paid but little notice to the different parts of the service, and the monotonous voice of the parson rambled on through his discourse unheeded; but she knew that she would remember this little building and its people and services when she was far away, and would know that she had left behind her a part of herself that no other country in the world could give her. More and more she began to regret that she had ever been tempted away, even for a day, from the lifeless life she was leading in London. There was another reason, too, why she wished to be safely back in her hiding place; She could never say that by acci dent she might not stumble on some one who knew herself or her father, so long as she was moving about among strangers and strange places. In London she was secure. She had even a sense of freedom there. She had got accustomed to that plan of life which she had devissd as best likely to prevent detection; and it was no longer an embarrassment. In the twilight that pre vailed over her desk she was safe. In the back streets leading up to Oxford-street she was safe. Once the plunge across that thoroughfare taken—and she had a thick veil to conceal her face—she was close to .her lodgings, and she was again safe. But here, driving about, travelling by rail, and so on, who could tell ? Moreover, she had been greatly disturbed of learning that Edward Dowse was a member of the Judseum. She knew that in such an associ tion of perhaps fifteen hundred persons, it did not at all follow that one picked out at random should happen to know a certain other one; but there was always the risk; and if Edward Dowse did happen to have the acquaintance of George Miller, all that she had done might suddenly be rendered useless. "While she remained in London her conversation with the Dowses, father and son, had been almost exclusively about business affairs. Edward Dowse would never have thought of telling her that he was a member of the Judaeum. On the other hand, he had not even the right to take a friendly interest in heraffairs. They were practically strangers, and apart. Now the case was somewhat different; and as the girl knew perfectly well. that the Dowses must suspect her of having be longed to a condition in life superior to that which she was now in, she began more and more to dread the consequences of this kindly interference in her welfare. '• Then she notiqed, with some dismay, that Edward Dowse would persistently talk to her about the Judseum Club. At luncheon, for example, he sat opposite her —she facing the window, he in shadow; and she knew.that his eyes were fixed oh her as he proceeded to speak of this man and that man, professing to give humorous little sketches of them. They were not as keen, shrewd, and accurate sketches as George Miller could have given of some of his fellows; they w;ere loose, imaginative, and rather weak; but she noticed that he. always mentioned each man by name. The fancy leaped into her head that this young 'man had noticed her embarrassment on the preceding evening, when .he announced that he was a member of the Judseum Club; and that now he was trying to find out— by the same hey—which of "the members sne hnew. HeT supposition.was correct. ;< ■! The mystery- about this girl fascinated the young man. Perhaps it was more a literary than a personal interest he had in her—he imagined possibilities of romance ! in connection with her, which might per I chance feed his poetic flame; but at all i events he was determined to find out, if he j Could, who and what she really was. The ' method of discovery he employed was not i highly ingenious, but he persevered with ! it; while the mere suspicion on her part ; that he was talking about clubs for this . purpose produced a great embarrassment in the girl's manner, which rendered, it certain that if he did mention the right name by accident, she would assuredly be tray herself. . "After all,"he was saying, "there is a democratic equality and independence about an ordinary big club that you don't get in the smaller clubs that are founded by dis tinguished people for particular purposes. . In these small clubs, the big men tyrannise over you; and they do that when they are dead, too. You go into the place as a guest; your friend tells you that the club was founded by So-and-so; you look round the room at the nobodies who are there, and wonder at the cheek of the man who sits in the chair at the head of the table. These ghosts of the big men over shadow the place. But in an ordinary large club, like a hotel, ,Mr. Ferdinand Stettin, the wool-broker, is quite as good as the hon. Arthur Hunt, who is Lord Exing ton's youngest son, and Dalrymple, the stockbroker, pays for his lives at pool just like Captain Duke, who has got the V.C." Stettin—Hunt—Dalrymple—Duke: it was rather clever to get four names, appa rently at haphazard, into the one sentence. But they were useless. " Do you play pool ?" said she, making a desperate effort to get him away from talk ing of his club acquaintances. " A little—not much," said he, modestly: the fact being that-he had played it once, and had lost his three lives in about five minutes. " A friend of mine," she continued—still hurriedly—to get him away from the club, " used to say that that was the only thing worth: saving money for"—— "To play pool?" ■ "Oh, no." she said quickly, for she was a trifle confused.. " He. used to say that if life were like a game at pool, and you could at the end of it 'star' and come to life again, by paying money, then it would be worth while saving up money. He could not.understand any one hoarding money for any other purpose. That is the phrase, is it not—£ to star."' " I believe so," said the accomplished pool-player. He was not thinking of pool at all; but of this unknown and mysterious friend of hers, So he played in the billiard-room at the judseum r That Was a further clue; and., here, indeed, young Miv Dowse was getting " warm," as children say at blind man's-buff, although, as a matter of fact, she had not been talking of George Miller at all. An tne ena ne was cameo.—at least, so tar as that day was concerned. He did know George Miller—as club-men know each Other—hut by some strange accident he never happened to mention the name. Moreover he could not go on all day talking about clubs, especially as the girl made valient efforts to drag the conversation elsewhere. At night, in communion with himself over a cigar, he had to confess that he had failed; and that he knew no more about Miss Main now than when she had started with them the day before, except, perhaps, that it was more manifest than ever that she had not been born and brought up in the condition ot life which she now, voluntarily or involuntarily, occupied. Violet was glad to return to London. Mrs. Dowse had been good enough to say, as the girl left on the Monday morning, that she hoped her next visit would be a longer one; and the young lady had re turned her grateful thanks, without making any promise. She returned to her book-keeping duties, to her veiled and hurried flights across the greater thoroughfares, to the silent and monotonous evenings in that small room, herself alone with her momoranda, and her dreams. She was growing impatient now; pinch as she might, her savings increased but slowly. Including the money she^had at the outset, she was now possessed of something like £13; but what was that ? She could not set out on her voyage to the land in which the dead come to life again, with only £13 in her pocket; she could mot even get to New York—which she had come to consider as the first point to be gained. One evening Mrs. Roberts called on her; there was a roguish look on the roseate face; the good woman was determined to bg facetiously angry. " Miss Main," said she, " I am come to talk seriously to you. I have been speak ing with your landlady; she says you eat nothing." "I am sure I eat as much as any one; do I look as if I were starving ?" said the girl cheerfully. "You are not looking well at all. You may not know it; but you are not. Now —you will excuse me—but I said I would look after you whether you liked it or not —and now if you are trying to save a little eating and drinking, but ask Mr. Dowse to raise your salary; that is what I say." The girl never thought of denying that she was trying hard to. save money. "I could not do. that, Mrs. Roberts. I am sure I am very well paid." "Oh, nonsense. The Dowses are very rich; they ought to give you thirty shillings a week now—and they would do it in a moment if you asked them." " I could not ask them." "Then I will." Violet was irresolute. One the one hand, she 'was exceedingly anzious to get away from England; on the other she had a humiliating consciousness thatif the Dowses. fave her this increase of salary; it would e out of m friendly compasaon. "Thenthere is another thing," contihned the impulsive Mrs. Roberts, smoothing the black nair over her shining face. "My brother-in-law spoke to me about it yester day. He wishes to introduce some new iniirwmirTiwTTiiififia<rtg-,e*^*^ process that he has bought from au American; and he wants< to get one or two subjects—to make good pictures, you know. Now—would you mind sitting to him some forenoon—Mr. Dowse could spare you for an hour or two—and—and you naught as. I well have a five ponnd note as not, if I may i venture to tell you a secret—" The girl's face flushed; but she was not Sfo, thank you, Mrs. Roberts. I could ' not do that." - "He says you would make a capital ; subject—perhaps with a bit of fancy costume— • "Ireally could not do that," the girl said, quickly. "It is very hind of you, however. Let us talk about something else, Mrs. Roberts. Do you know anybody in New York?" "In New York?" said tbe landlady, with a sharp glance. " Do you thipk of going to New York?" The question was so direct that Violet answered it unawares. " Yes—by-and-by." "No, I don't," said Mrs. Roberts, rather anxiously. " And if you will allow ine to say so, I think it is rather dangerous for a young lady to he going about like that— quite alone." "Yes; hut what if there is no one to go with her?" said the girl, without any bitterness at all. "You know, Miss Main," said tbe land lady, earnestly, "you would soon make friends enough, if you cared to; but if you go from one town to another, how can you?" "Does your brother-in-law know any body in New York ?" " I will ask him if you like; but I hope you won't think of going." Instead, however, of asking Mr. Roberta about his American friends, she went down to Mr. Dowse, and told him that Miss Main had some notion of going to New York; and that, if he wished to retain her ser vices, he ought at once to raise her salary. Mr. Dowse bad not.the least objection; although, he said, before Miss Main bad formed any such intention she might have made complaint to himself. Mrs. Roberta replied that Miss Main had made no com plaint to any one; and from that moment Miss Main received the very handsome salary—all things considered—of thirty shillings a week. Now indeed her small hoard of savings began to increase more appreciably; and she looked forward with some sad hope to thetime'when she should he released from the fear which more or less haunted her While she remained in this country. So far, all her plans had been successful. So far only. One evening as she was hurrying home, she found herself stopned by a man who would not get out of nei way. With some indignation she looked up; and then she could searcelyrepreas a cry of alarm. Standing before her—a trifle pale, perhaps, but not much agitated—she found George. Miller, who merely said " Violet!" and put out his hand. (To le continued.) 