-. - . COERESPOiTDSiTOS. [We are not refponsible for the opinions pressed bj our CorrefpondeuW.J THE LAST WORDS OF OTJS SAYIOUR. To. ihs Editor of ike Record. Sir,-A letter appeared in last .week's Record. signed " Inquirer " .anent. .article (advertisement), on the last utterances of oar Saviour, and a&ks; whether the writer can adduce evidence that the immediate Disciples of Christ' baptised or "immersed believers in water. In.reply, preliminary and.:direct, evidence of the most undoubted and satisfactory character can be' adduced'in almost over whelming and endlest variety.' Indeed the writer may affirm that in nearly every instance mentioned in the New Testament where belief in the G-espel was expressed by an individual, baptism immediately followed after which such baptised believer was recog nised as a Disciple aad admitted to Church fel lowship. John iii., 5, 22, 23, 25, 26-"Jesus said to Kieodemus, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of G©d. Jesus tarried with them and baptised. And John was also baptising in -32non, near to SaHmt because there was much water there, and thsy came and were baptised." John iv., 1, 2-" When therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptised more Disoiples than John, (though Jerus himself baptised not but his Dis ciples) he departed, <kc.n ActB ii, 38, 41-" Then Peter said, lUpent, and be baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of tins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost j and they that gladly ^reoeived lhe word were baptised; and the same day there were added unto them three thousand souls." : Acts Tiii., 12,13-"But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, they were baptised, both men and women." . 36, 39-"And as they went on their way they came unto a certain water and the eunuch said, See, here is water, what doth hinder me to be baptised ? And Philip said, If thou believefch with all thine heart thou mayest. And he answered and Eaid, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. And he commanded the chariot , to stand slill; and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the euauch ; and he baptised them, &c.;" Acta ix., 18-" And immediately there fell from his (Paul's) eyes as it had been scales . and he received sight forthwith, and arose and.was baptised." ' Acts x.j 47, 43-" Can any man forbid water that these should not be baptised. And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord." Actsxvi, 15,-"And when she (Lydia) was baptised and her household, she besought, etc., 33- And he toot them the same hour o ae night, and washed their stripes, and was baptized, he and all his straightway." ,if S~" And Crifpas, the Chief .it S t s^D2g°gue believed on the Lord with all Ins house, and many ofthe Corinthians hearing, behered, and were baptizad." tX1X' 5' 7~" ^en <-bey heard this they were baptized by Paul in the came of the twelve and °U thS men Were aboul Acts xsii, 16-"And now whv tarriest thou, arise and be baptized, and wash away thv sins calhDg on the name of the Lord." Romans vi, 3, 4-" Snow ye not that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized unto his death, therefore we are buried by baptism unto death, that like as Christ was; raised up from the dead bv the glory of the Father, ereu so we also should walk in newness of life." ,.L, 13, 17-"Is Christ divided t Was Paul crucified for vou? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul ? I hank G-od that I baptized none of you except. ; etc. i-or Christ sent me not to baptize, but : to preach the gospel." Paul here said what was perfectly true, see Gal., i, 16. Eph., iii, s. I. Tim., ii, 7 1,1 V bcV h'e baptized on all occasions nevertheless, where there was oc casion for his doing so personally, i. t. when n° ^tber di5ciP]e Pre5ent to »* minister the ordinance, see Romans, lix., 5 7 where he baptized twelve men. His mission wa. undoubtedly to preach the gospel, other i ! disciples m connection with the several T-dinance *dminister tfae baptismal tbpw0rill^r3' ?T" 29-"Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if th dea« Te "ot at all? Why are thev then baptized for the dead." The Apostle here refers to Christ s death and resurrection. Gal f 35 man-T oi -T0U a= ^ve been baptized «at0 Christ have put on Christ. . Hebrew 22-" Let us draw near -ae W in {al1 assurance of fkith having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience and our bodies washed wiih pure water. i,nf"Pete\iii-'-21, ','The Kke *S»« where- | unto even baptism doth now save us, -(not merely the putting away.of the filth .of the flesh) but the answer of a good conscience toward G-od by the resurrection of Jesus vurift« I. John v, S,-'"And there are three that bew -witness in earth :-the spirit, the wklei, and the blood, and these three a^ree in one. * Baptism (the*'washing) is the ordinance of consecration m the church of God, bv the ob servance of which the worshippers of'the only hiring and True G-ad hare in all a»es ex pressed their gratitude for his special ^race j their determined purpose to separate them selves from all the false religions and the I wickedness of the world, and to submit in all thmgs to his sovereign will and authority. ibis definition is justified by . the baptism of noly washing of the patriarchal families, the nation of Israel,- the disciples of John the Baptist, and the believers in Jesus Christ. Every human being born into this worli represents a complete in dividual created entitv a&d; every complete individual creatio'n turoughout- the universe represents a distinct act of creative power, so every single bein" every individual livins creature, plant or herb' however insignificant,""stands out as distinctive a complete creative act as the'organisation of the Lniverse_ or the formation of a single world, and is recocnised as such by the Suprese Bein;r. Therefore when the Almighty God through and by the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. gave utterance to the memorable and infinitelv comprehensive words, " He that believeth and Is baptized shall be saved, but he that be.ieveth not shall he damned," he meant that the application should be at once personal, positive and real, and the only inference to be drawn from the fact that baptism was coupled with belief, is, that it should be rigidly observed by believers themselves individually and not vicariousl-v dt any one else for them. ? * Mankind is nowhere commanded either to believe in God, ia the gospel of Jesus.Christ or to be baptised into His name. Acceptance' PjL3pgctign_JLigft entirely to man sj~i-ee choice. And is it not reasonable to suppose tEatlf a man conceived it to be right to believe tie gospri, sureJr it is not unreasonable to suppose toat i.e would be only too glad, eager and .wii.iu^ to observe the special outward practical ordinance connected with'the spiritual ac ceptance .of. such- belief, namely baptism ? Faith without, -worts is dead, so work« with out faith are likewise dead, therefore" theV-rv natural deduction-Belief without Baptism i ^ ' 30 BaPfo? without Belief is also _The^ - Almighty God though supremely ; wise, just, and good, has permitted and now permits the inhabitants of this planet to revel in diabolical sin and wickedness if thev choose, therefore the expression " Hell upon earth has become a proverbial sayine, be cause of the depth and continuity of the terrible and ruthless misery which sin en tails. Is it therefore unreasonable to heliere that the Almighty wiU permit a hell to exist hereafter? Most undoubtedly He will per mit the damned to exist in a state of mis ery for ever; it would be contrary to reason and common sense if it were otherwise, for i ill»a\,^lr °^c\oice ? ®>e book of God i. tiled with aU kinds of entreaties, expostula tions "warning*, ami rewards;""indeed" every conceivable idca'.is. .prcseiiied- to.-the minds of human beings, to endure them to repent of their fins and cotne to God and be-saTedj nothing lias been omitted, erco'to tie repre sentation of "the Spirit of the Deity Himself manifested through, Jtnd bj the Man Christ Jesus who suffered all kinds of ignominy and" at last death itself, that mankind by belier ing in H.m might OP fared. He who Tead eth this hath no excuse if lie be not sared.- - In conclusion 1 may sar that I am exceed ingly surprised !o think that any one able to" read, should uiaaitesi so much ignorance of the scriptures as a?k the - question " whither the disciples of Christ baptized belieTers m "water." .Yours &c.; TBTTTH. 