mccotty Zigljt, 11rca1nm any Co.onEsaL sulbiects, truly, for a Christmas Paper-- subjects, moreover, which I have often thought of writing about, and antncI. dent told thle oth1r day has at last induced le to take up the pen. Even. the most omaterialltic and practical of human beings can tell of strange experiences in tihe shape of dreams; as ir "second sight," so 'nany instanllces have been Ibroglht under my notice, thatt I non reluctant to deny all crctdence to a supernlturalistm peculiar to natives of Scotland. Forty years ago, I was ocated itn a soumewlhat tt nthluoted royal burgh - in the North of Scotlaul, now a ftshionable water ing ploee, situated on the Moray Frith, with Culloden Moor a few miles on one side and the blasted heath, htuuortalised by Shlakespeare in " Macbeth," as, the scene of the ltuterview with the witches, on the other. !As nmigtht he expected, the ildtnabitants of this :ancient burgh were tinged with superstltion, and many a time did lmy intfitilo hair stand on end at the yarns told ime by old Betty, a auperanuated servant of our family. How. ever, I only intend writing. of the strange things coming more directly under mly own ken. The house inl which I resided jutted into. the main street, nearly facing a short road.way known as Bridge-street, deriving tihe namen from tile bridge crossing tile river about a hundred yards fromt our house. On the town side of the bridge--the other side in my day being open country-was situated a "public," occupied by a finuily (mother, daughter anti su) named B- . Lenwy B1- was a frequent visitor at our hlouse, and one night he observed, "iMy sister Imd a strange sight at gloaming t she thlought site saw a funeral crossing tile bridge, from tile direction of Auldearn ; sile watched it pass tihe door, observed and recognised tile men carrying tile coflin, and thlen everything sud denly disappeared." As this was not thel first instance of second sight in the fiunily, it was taken for granted that somebody known to them had died ; and, sure enough, the cnext afternoon, thle futeral of one of their old customers passed thie "public," the details of which were precisely the same as described by Miss B--- tile previous evening. Furtllher up the main street lived tile local poet-a tinsmith by trade--who was also a frequent visitor at our house. A young lady, the daughter of tile head ballie of tile burght. a relative of my own (who was dying of consumption), resided on tile opposite of the street, between tile poet's house and ours'. One nigBt Miss G- (the poet's daughter or sister, I forget whlich), having been spend ing the eveninga! our place, went Ibone by herself; the distancoe not being great. When passing Bailie ---'s hlouse, she was astonished to sea a crowd of people waiting outside, dressed as If for a funeral, the only one in colored clothes being at grocer of rather erratic disposition. Shie told ir G-, on returning home, and hle went out, but could not see anything. They sent down to us early next morning, to inquire after Miss \--, and I went up to the latter's house. I was not there many minutes when tile young woman breathed hier last. Singular to say, the only person who attended her funeral in colored clothes was the grocer bMiss G- alleged that she saw waiting outside tile house on tile night prior to bMiss ---'s death. Passing from second sight to drcantland, I will not dwell on nocturnal visions nactually realised in my own ecise, but set down ti couple of strange "coincidences"-or what ever else they may be called-told mi by a gentleman of too practical iturn of nlcid to be given to romanicing. I may mention tllat my informant is a justice of the peace, lately Mayor of an Australian city. One of tile "dreamers" was ils owr nmother, tile other his wile. Itis mother resided on the west coast of Scotland, and one of her most intimate friends was a Captain - , - who was an old sweetheartof lier's, in tfact. Three nights after lie started on a voyage, she dreamed that lie came to her bedside ; she asked Iiln what clad brougllt him back so soonl, and held out her hand to shako his. His hand was icy cold, and (apparently realising that her visitor was spectral) site exclaimed, " lercy in I llave you been drowned ?" The answer .was distinct, and remained vividly impressed on .her miud when sihe awoke: "I wras not drowned'; my.slip was lost off--, and we were battered to pieces on the rocks." A few days after news came that Captain ---'s vessel had been driven ashore at tile spot ientioned in.t le dream, and the bodies found were so mangled by being knocked about among thile rocks that none of theln were recognisable. The dream was told to tile dreamer's friends tile morning after Its occurrence, and they were thus pro pared for the sad news. Let us now betake ourselves to Australia. At tile conttencemeut of thile presentyear, an elderly lady, a friend of mine, died very sud denly. Deceased had been a companion ill her earlier years, icn the old country, of the wife of my inlformant, their acquaintanceship being renewed at this end of tile world. I attended tile fimeral of cly friend ont. a Saturday, and, on the Sunday night fol. lowing, my informant's wife had a dream, whicll slle related to her husband before they got up on Mlonday lmorning. It was to tile effect that the deceased lady appeared to the dreamer, who asked why slle had come back -howe sheo got out of her cofin ? A conver sation ensued in Gaelic (they Ihaving been accustomed to talk to each other inl tlint languago in their youth), inl course of whicl thle ghostly interviewer, said that, since her deathl, she had seen imany old friends, observ lug, " And who do you think came this morning?" 'Th'le dreamer could not guess, and tile unearthly visitor said " Auld B--." 'Tlo' party referred to was all old mutual friend and neihllbotur of theirs li Argylesnire. About three montlls afterwards, my nlbfor mtant and his wife were downl at the port, to t see some parties they Iknewon board a ship e just arrived from Scotland, Iandofcourse there t were manyiunquiries after old friends it home, b one of the first questions being, " How's Auhl 1---?" Tile reply was, "He's deadl" I, And, ill answer to questions, it was elicited t tihat ie died about tile time of tile dream. To h ilake sure, especially with respect to tile date, my informant wrote home,promisingto let me know wthen the answer came, li. ie has since called to tell me that the death of It " Auld B--" occurred on the very dthy in. c dicated in tile diream. - And now to conclude witlren old world is ghost story. Lewy i1--- (mentioned in connection with one of the second sight 1in1 cidenits) was au inveterate poacher. Indeed, o for that nlatter, nearly all male inhabitants ni of tile ancient royal burgh referreil to at tile CI conmencement, wlho had the pluckl to be sn, tI werepoachers. Ar iverteemnin gwithalmuon, grilse, nnd trout flowaed past their doors, and a yet they dare not touch a ftn-u-nlcess, indeed, rv they took out a license for angling. Tllhe to produce of .the river was farmed, and the fish A sect off to the Londonl market, so that local ti residents could lt-t' enjoy at cut. of salmon pa unless caught on thie sly.' Tiho curators of cc the river were called "stokors," antd they watched the stream day atd.night; still, an certain friends of mine never wvanted a m plentllfil supplly of the prinice of fish, fresh or at "kippered ;" for, If the " stakers" watched th the river, it. was oflon my duty to Irat? them; consrquently, whltlle hy were patrol leg tihe river bonks in one direetionl of a nighit a gang of well-to- do-citizens were industri ously hauling the pools a mile or two off When the river was frozen over, the salmot would be "speared" by torchlight. This wa a fitvorito game of Lowy's, who gocerally in dulged in it by himself. One mlootlies:, frosty night, elo set off to try a pool near the "M?lls," a then lonely spot a little out of town To reach hris goal, Ihe had to traverse a flna covered with whil bushes, through whicl zlg-zag tracks had beet worn. Lowy, al though a regular sdare.devil, was remarkably superstitious, and, as lie was winding Ihir tortuous course among the whins, le fell a tlhtiing of a sltctleton that had been unearthed in that locality a short time before. Probably LTawy felt solewhllt t"eerie," and was there tore not very well prepartd to face th'c ghastly loetacle tlhat suddenlly met his eye as Itl rheeled round a buslh. There, in the path, a fuw feet before him, :stood erect whllat seemed to hntim a femnei inr white, her arms extended, thus effectually barring hiris pro gress. Lewy declared that e haind never been pulled u-p so sudden in his life before; eto attempted to hail the figure, but his onrgue clave to thle.roof of his mouthl. ice stood undecided for a moment ; but, as the spectre held its ground, Lewy began to be "skeery." lie was too fascinatedl with the appearanrco to take hiis eyes oil the unearthly tlhing, and Ihe involuntarily backed in among tihe whins, which pricked him so sorely tlihat, in a passion, Ihe made a drive at tile ghost tllr his spear. The tllhing doubleld up, the upper portion falling upon hIris face. Faugh I it was lcycold I lowever, it was matrerial tlot spectral. Some housewife had put out Ier nlight-gownl and " muteh" to bleach on tihe whins; she had forgotten them, and it was hese articles, frigid with the frost, that had frightened poor Lewy. Had he not thle presence of mind to spear the spectre, the good folk of the royal burgh of- , N.1., would have received an addition to an already large stock of ghost stories. 