ITEMS of NEWS The iR.M.S. China leaves the Bay to-morrow; the mails close here this evening for newspapers via Southampton and to-morrow morning for letters via Southampton and Brindisi. Yesterday afternoon a young girl named Catherine M'Swiney was accidentally drowned in a waterhole not far from her father's resi- dence, at Golden Point, Chewton. An inquest will be held this morning. Some of the passengers', from Sandhurst last evening 'reported' that, jriritprior ,tot'the train leaving at seven o'clock for, Oastlemaine, a very extensive fire broke out Vat' the back of the Hospital: !.v- r/eii-.u'i The other day a poor half-famished woman o'ame round the stores and other places df busi ness, soliciting subscriptions . to enable her to purchase a horao, wherewith her children could bring in a few loads of firewood for sale. The kihd-liearted and benevolent assisted her to soniib considerable' extent, 'and great conimis- seration was felt for her and her unfortunate family. On Saturday, however, the public were rather surprised at the appearance of her husband in town dressed in the height of fashion, enjoying liis cigar, arid apiieavliig to be quite at his ease. Having formerly held a position as ponndkeepor, but which position he lost for some reasoii, aiid his kind attention to his family being also well known, the surprise was the greater. It would appear,! however, that fortune has smiled on liim, and, from being the butt of thoCounoiljho has entered the literary department of trade, and assumed the I'olo of editor, — not of the London Times certainly: but one muoh more in accordance with his well known coethes loquendi. Tho same gentleman lias so far prospered as to hold several lucrative appointments under a local Council,' so that ho can now return with interest tho, indignities heaped upon him by the Oastlemaine Council in days gone by.' Well, wbiidors will never cease ; oven the leading paper in a neighbouring colony, adopts liim as thoir apodal corruspon- dent. And yot all the while , the wife of hi? bosom and his young family are i starving, ai>d oompellod to bog a miserable pittanco at the hands of a , cliaritablo publio. Surely some stop should bo put to this imposition, pbeso may cackle, but Goslings should nover bo hoard' above a ivhispor. '> Duster Monday wds . spent - iii Gnstlbmairib with more than the usual Amount of dulnc : 'fid sports of aiiy kind were intliilgbq id . within the precincts of tho borough, and beyond the fact, of hundreds hurrying away by every avail able conveyance, a stranger would have thought a pall had fallen over the town. All the attrac tions were elsewhere, — private picnics to the Mount, tea meetings at Walmer and Muckle- ford ; cricket at Taradale, and the rifle match at the Butts, — those almost depopulated the place and its suburbs. The scene at the railway station on the arrival of (supposed) 10 o'clock train from Melbourne was the most lively which has been witnessed there. Two windows were opened for the disposal of the tickets, yet so numerous were the excursionists that the crush for a considerable time was terrific, yet all wore supplied long before the trains left the station. The special train was punctual to time, and con veyed a large number to Sandhurst ; the ex cursion train followed in about three-quarters of an hour, and although every available car riage was pressed into the service, a large number had to remain behind, but were sub sequently taken up by a goods train. It has been asserted that upwards of 700 passengers travelled by the special and excursion trains re ferred to. The Maryborough and Ballarat trains were crowded with passengers ; as wore also the up-trains to Melbourne. In fact what with the arrivals and departures there seemed to be a general stampede in search of pleasure. It is a great pity that some kind of public amusement cannot, be got up in this town ; storekeepers complain of the general dulness of trade, and the scarcity of money, yet no efforts are put forth to attract visitors here. Other towns are more cute, and as a consequence our men of business see the money which should go to pay them pass out of the town, to the benefit of strangers, and to aid the prosperity of distant localities. To look at the station yesterday, the thought would arise, — these people have abun- dance of money, notwithstanding their continual cry, of poverty ; if they cannot pay their butcher and baker they can find ready cash for pleasure? Perhaps the idea is correct, perhaps not thd tradesmen will be the best judges. The New Zealand Times says that an extra- ordinary incident occurred at the Theatre the other evening. A gentleman, was sitting con- versing in the dress circle when, suddenly he felt something running up: the leg of his trou sers quickly, and on shaking his leg out jumped a large rat. The circumstance occasioned not a little merriment to those who saw it, but the gentleman lost his composure for a few minutes. The Times publishes the following extract from a private letter with regard to the "hard times" at the Thames-: — " There has been no exaggeration, of the destitution whatever, and I have heard that some families have been living on peaches and potatoes, with an occasional loaf of bread. Many of the miners with families would long ago have been in a state of positive starvation but for their bits of gardens and their being able to get a limited credit." We (Ballarat Star) , have heard of another brilliant achievement on the part of the Rail- way Department. On the 3rd April a case of grapes was sent from Clunes to Ballarat by the 1.30 p.m. train as a present to a resident here because the grapes happened to be particuarly fine. Enquiries were made, again and again, at the office at the western station, but no tidings could be got of the grapes, and it was averred that none were there. After an appeal to the; station-master; and some little search the grapes were found on Thursday last, and it turned out that they had been in the office for a consider- able time. The owners, of course, refused to take away the grapes, as they were utterly spoiled, and mean to seek redress. A list posted in the office, as is done, at coach offices, would obviate all such blunders, and enable every body to see what goods were waiting for de- livery. On the night of the 6th instant a diabolical attempt was made to run the night train from Bathurst downwards off the rails. The Western Independent gives the following particulars :— "One of the men connected with the Kelso station had occasion late in the evening to come to Bathurst, and taking a short out homewards along the line, happened out of curiosity to look at the points. The night being as clear as day he observed that the locks were wrenched off and that the points were open, and a large blue metal stone inserted between them. It is need- less to say that matters were rectified at once, and that the circumstance, was reported to the police. It is easily understood how one man may take the life of another in the moment of passion, but it fairly baffles comprehension how any man can coolly and premeditatedly endeavour to des- troy numbers of his fellow-men, who perhaps have never done him any harm, and whom, probably, he does not even know." t s The ./Argus,, remarks!, that ,the detectives ihave . not been; idie in; reference to -the alleged' attempt tobribea juryman, in. tKeeaseofLeafmorith.v.i v Bailey, friamed iDovau,"a' chemist' in' Simpson's-! <: road; to stand out from'givirig. a! ve'rdi'6t;7sp' as to' ' cause 'a 'disagreement: Lt 'will'ri'b/dbubt MbV' re-! membered'/that .Mr''Dqyan! infbrmed the ,!QJiiqf " J ustiee1' at 'th'e "end ' of /'tlie;/suimming:up"7tliat'sa person he could name/ in" the' iiiterest of tlie/de- / fondant, had on the /preyiqus "Wednesday of- 1 fered hirh/L250 to disagree. 'Tt was then Mon- day. /Mr ;M'Dermott; on' behalf of 1 thB 'defen dant, repudiated aircotihectibh with the alleged offer. " The jury , retired, . .but were unable to agree to a verdict, arid ribtlurig' was apparently then done.. in. -regard to th'e alleged otter. De tective Black, however, was at once set to work to makp- inquiries, and the result is 'tliiit a sum? mons. lias been issued, and. served. upon iTames YVe'stiey/'clerk to Mi- Shbwdeii, aoiicitor, oharg? ing Westley with theLoffence known in law as : " ombraoery," i.e., attempting to/ influence . a ''juryman's 'decision' By' bribery 'Tli'q! 'summons is returnable at the Oity Policb'/Oourtlioxt Fri| day. " Embracery." is/'iin 'Offence at common law, and subjects "Hlie1 offender to a severe penalty?-', v.. i ,-- .1 ,. | ../ The Hairiilton SpobtaTtorj is .responsible for the following' " A'ebrisiderable sensation pre-- 1 Uvails inHe'rieighbbrirhobd'of ! AIaeiirthu'r(bWinf»; v to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which ; has been seen by several'persons on the estate : ; of Mr Cariniehaol, at Hartori Hills/ ' Lt 'appears ;; that four men, working at a job; f; fenoing," ' 'were camped about two miles from theliead . ; station, when they were alarmed some three or: /j four, nights ago by seeing a figure; 'draped''.iri white, stalking backwards and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened were 4hey,' that they ,;beat a'retreat to the station, and 'communicated the particulars to Mr Towart. the overseer. whilst a dog they had with the'iii participated in' ;the alarm, and ran away howling piteously. , Next'night a party of eight, including a police--, man from the township, bivouacked in the haunted spot, and five of them wore rewarded by getting a sight of the ghost. The news be- / gan to spread, and we understood that, on: Friday night a large party was to be made up ' from Macartliur, with a view to solve tho mys tery, if possible. Tradition states that the lo- ' oality in question was, many .years -ago,!-' the1 ' 'riderio of a fatal affray between the early settlers' and the aboriginals, and that in i these ..encoun ters tho blacks camo off second-best. . Of course, tho supposition is, that one of the natives so disposed of has " jutriped rip '.white-follow" in, fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and honoo . the astonishment of tho nerves of the fencing Jiarty by iris counterfeit presentment!" It Bhould be irieiitibned tliat tlie ghost has already one casaulty to unswer for, inasmuch as one of the intended intorviewists, in his hurry to get a sight of the apparition, was thrown from his liorse, and broke liis leg. YVo trust some of . ih'ote wlio may have been; fortunate 'enough i to have soen the thing will send us a progress re- port. ' : . / The Roy. Charles Clarke . lq.cturod .ill. Hel- bourne on Saturday, o'n Oliver Cromwell, j |T.e cohim'enced liis lecture by a rapid survey, of the ovents which led up !to the/grjiattstrrigfele be- twoou King and Parliament whioh resulted in the overthrow and exeoution of Charles, and in the raising up of Oromwell to the position of Protector, of the Commonwealth. The deeds of Sir John Eliot, the first martyr to the cause; of Pym arid Hampden, the undaunted leaders in the ' resistance to the King, and of other nobld chatnpions of Parliamentary liberty, were briefly referred to. The incidents of tlie struggle — the impeachment of Buckingham, his I assassination by Felton, the refusal of Hamp den to pay ship money, the presentations of the Petition of Right and the Remonstrance, the frequent dissolutions of Parliament, the oxecu- tion of Stafford, the attempted arrest of tho five j members, the mingled weakness and obstinacy of the King, and tho final appeal to the arbitra ment of war— were passed in review. Crom well's career was traced from his first return to Parliament a3 representative of Huntingdon, in 1628, until bis death, when occupying the foremost position in the realm, on his " lucky day," September 3, 1658. The opening portion of the lecture occupied so much time that Mr Clarke could only glance at the leading events in Cromwell's life. It was not until the appeal was made to the sword that Cromwell, though his ability was known to the few, stood forward as the acknowledged leader of men. , As the victor of Marston Moor, and of Naseby, of Dunbar , arid of "Worcester, his fame became known throughout the land, and the way was paved for him to assume the direction of affairs. MrOlarke tells us too little aboutCromwell him self; his character as a general, a statesman and 'a-- ruler. YVo would suggest to him to divide his lecture in two— ono dealing with the Parlia- montary 7 struggle, the other with the more bloody' career of Cromwell as ruler. - His deli verance of, the heart-stirring poqiri. of Naseby Fight roused the audience to bnthusiasm. Ho also repeated Milton's beautiful lines, on the massacre of tliePiedmontese peasants, "Avenge 0 ! Lord,- thy slaughtered saints,". &c.; 