. ¡H.VPTEH LXVIIT.-UNDECEIVED. The days passed on after Clement Quail's ad vice to Hesbie Pounie, and tho sojourners at West Atherby seemed settling down for good. To t4e lookers-on all was well at Atherby Court and at West Atherby Farm ; only beneath the smooth surface WP s much unrest at the heart of one wo man and in the mind of one man ; and both man and woman were silent, and grave, and courteous, as befitted two people who understood each other completely. The Earl of Coodstown guessed nothing of their depth of knowledge; and Farmer Grace rubbed his big hands together, and thought that matters were progressing favourably between bis daughter and his nephew. He was not the man to interfere ; he had great faith in leaving young people to themselves, and letting the world roll on with them and their fancies, until they struck the bar gain to he married of their own free wills. Cle ment ostensibly kept to his uncle's farm, but there was much guing to and fro between the farm and the Earl's mansion, and many business details to study at the .latte1* place, with solicitors from town, who were always arriving in a hurry, with big bundles of papers, and holding lengthy con sultations with the Earl and our hero. All was progressing favourably, and the old man was only too anxious to shift his title to a younger head, and breathe more freely ere he passed away. There was still a faint show of opposition from the dis tant relatives, to whom )wo have occasionally re ferred, and who play no part in this story ; but the groat machinery of the law was working in favour of the Quails, and in good time the change would come, and another page in life's romance be chron icled. The absence of the elder brother retarded matters, although the was slowly gathering strength; and at the period when Clement, stronger, too, and more like his old self, had made np his mind to start for Berlin, Matthew walked one d«y into West Atherby-the same high-shoul dered, dreamy-looking being who went away to prove his birthright, and was struck down in the search. He came back greyer and sadder, and very unlike a man about to step into the peerage. Illness had not improved his looks, or changed him for the better. The villagers knew him, and touched their hats, and said, with charming frankness, that they were sorry to see the poet looking so ill; and he thanked them for their sympathy, and told them he was getting stronger every day. He went direct to the farm, where a similar greeting awaited him from bis plain-spoken uncle. " Good Lord ! is that you, Mat ?" was Farmer Grace's salutation. " Well, you have come back a worse ghost than you we«t away, that's plain. Clem's the picture of health by the side of yon, and he's more like a razor than a man." " Clement writes to me that he is quite well," said Matthew, nervously. " He may be," replied the farmer ; " but he is not his old seif, any more than you are. You are a nice pair at present, upon my soul !" Mr. Grace filliped his ear, and looked as if he were disposed to he ashamed of the two of them. Matthew was sitting in the old farm parlour, and Mr. Grace was entertaining him with his opi nion that he was more fit to he in bed than to be about, " by long chalks," when Clement entered, and made a rush at his brother, as if he had only one friend in the world-and possibly that was his opinion just then. " My dear old boy. why didn't you say that you were coming this afternoon ?" he cried. " Have you taken up my old line of agreeable surprises that I began one birthday here ?" Matthew winced at the reminiscences. " I wrote of my return one day this week-I did not intend a surprise," he answered ; " and now, Clem, is all forgiven ?" " What is there to forgive ?" "Ah! you know." "No, I don't," replied Clem. "If you were generous enough to iujure yourself, and sacrifice your prospects for the sake of our cousin, that was no business of mine." " I should have died without the secret coming fto light, had it not been for the Earl's repentance ; I and I should have died, robbing my own brother," said Matthew. j "No, you wouldn't," said Clement, laughing; " for I was discovering the matter for myself. But j as you are not dead, and are not likely to die, sup pose we drop the subject, after I have doffed my j cap to your illustrious self, and said ' Hail to thee, Earl of Coed^own !"' " Not yet-the title will not suit me, Clem," said Matthew, with a faint smile ; " when it ennobles a happier and more honest fellow, the race of Coeds towns will flourish Î" " Gammon !" was the unromantic reply. " We will have no more gloomy views of life, now that we have stepped into our rights. Here are riches and good luck, and neither of us too far gone in dotage to take the goods the gods provide. By Heaven !" exclaimed Clem, with excitement, " we will have no more shadow- land in West Atherby ; we have lived it down-hurrah ! Bring out the wine, uncle.' Mat's on his legs again. And just rub your hand over my poll, old fellow- it's just growing beautifully again ; and I forgive the beggar who shaved it." i Matthew scarcely admired his brother's sudden outburst of spirits ; he did not give him credit for being wholly natural, until his undo said, " Clem's merry enough, at any rate." j " Then we will be merry with him," answered Matthew, more heartily. " I would rather that you opened shop on your own account, Mat," answered Clem. " But that will be in good time, eh P" " Yes ; for there's nothing? on my mind to give me another moment's discontent. All is as I could wish, I think." All was not as he had wished in the letter which he sent by Hannah Bennett, Clem knew; and would inform him presentlj*. All was not as he had schemed and striven for ; and Clement's task was to undeceive him before he saw his cousin Hesbie. " Tho Earl has planned it all out," he said to Matthew ; "and you are to live at Atherby Court, and help with Hesbie to keep his mind from giv ing way like his wife's. I don't know," he added, drily, " that that's a very lively look- out to begin with ; but you must not cut the old boy adrift for the few months that are left him." "No, no. And you?" "Oh! I shall be here, there, and everywhere Here for the most part," he added, seeing that his brother's face changed, and gathered a new gloom. . "Yes, I understand," said Matthew, thought fully. Ile did not understand the position, or what Cle ment had implied, however ; and when they were walking together towards Atherby Court, as to wards home, Matthew spoke out all that was in his mind, and Clement answered him. " There are no more secrets between us Clem," h« said ; " and I speak without offending you." " Certainly," answered Clement. - " When I thought that I was dying, I told them all of the wish that was closest to my heart-I wrote concering it to you." " You did," said his brother. " It was very kind of you." Matthew peered into Clement's face. It was always dark under the elms ; and the evening was upon them. " Are you jesting ?" he said, in his amazement. " Haven't Ï said that my heart is light, now that the weight of suspense is removed from it? Why, my dear old Mat, there is nothing which I do not know- who care for me and who doesn't ; where peace is likely to be, or very unlikely to be," he added; "who are my bestund truest friends, and who are yours. Knowing this so cleverly and completely, I am ready with my information, and anxious to impart it." " Well ?" said Matthew, wonderingly. "Concerning Hesbie and me-we are not going, to he married." " Great Heaven !" exclaimed Matthew. " Nay, Mat, Heaven be praised !" was the quick reply. "After all that I have'striven for and looted forward to, after your long patience and long love, for this to be the end of it. You have quarrelled again, then ?" said Mat. "On the contrary, Hesbie and I are the best of friends." " Has any one else already-" "Not a bit of it. Nobody cornea courting the young widow yet." " Then-" " Then what is in the way of offering my heart to Lady Pounie ?" said Clement. " Why, my blind eyed brother, another woman." * "What!" " Don't look surprised, thero is such an animal in existence ; and all the virtues under the sun are not concentrated in Hesbie Pounie. She has improved marvellously," said Clement-" she is a gentle, meek, affectionate woman, a firm friend, a Christian lady, but I could not ask her to become my wife, with my heart so full of love for another that, if I never win her, I give up." " Clem, who is it?-who can it he ?" " You will not run all over the palish proclaim ing the fact ? You will keep this to yourself, un til I give you permission to »peak?" ' Matthew promised, "Then it's Fanny Eedbridge," Clement ex plained; "a girl who does not care for me a bit. That's my luck, but I am getting used to it. Of course we have parted for ever 1-it's extremely singular, but I have been all my life parting for ever with somebody or other !-but I shall make one more effort,to discover her. Her uncle cannot run away altogether from his profession, thank the fates, and she will never run away from her uncle. I thought, a few weeks ago, that I would not try to see her again, but I shall make the attempt, though I know perfectly well that I haven't the= ghost of a chance." " How do you know ?" asked Matthew. ;>, " She has been more aggravating than yon have, cried Clement. " It was lier last wish, too, that I. should marry Hesbie, and I could not do better for myself, she said. As if Hesbie cared for me, or II for her-as if two people who grew tired of eaclit other years ago could make a second-hand engage ment of it, for every fool in West Atherby to lauge» at!" " You do not love Hesbia ?" repeated Matthew,, to whom the news was the most startling in the» ?world. " You have learned to forget her !-j-on, ' of all men !" " Excuse me, old fellow, hut she learned to for get me," replied Clem. "And I cannot knock again at the heart which closed once against me. I am too proud !" " And unforgiving !" "No ; everything was torgivon long ago.", " At Inglenes3, where you betrayed to me your passion for her ?" '. I was an ass that night, Mat. I was savage with myself for having thought ungenerously uf her ; and it had been a day of much excitement, and explanation and champagne. I was bewil dered by it all," cried Clement. "It was after that night that a pure dream came and made a man of me, and whispered where much happiness ' might arise, if ono innocent little woman would only whisper that she loved me. And she, she told me that I could not do better than marry Hesbie Pounie- she did, by God!" raved the younger brother. ! " Tuen there is never to he peace for us," sighed Matthew. " You uro unhappy-I seo it now." This is only a spurt. The girl's gone, and I may not be easy in my mind, perhaps," said Clem, lightly; "but you are awara that I am superior fo adversity." " You will not givo way, I know." " You intend to be happy in my happiness, Mat," said Clement. " Presto, let us change the scone " and characterSj and let me take my happiness from yours." " What do you mean ?'' "That some day, when you have watched for your opportunity-you should marry Ilesbio yourself. " Clement !" exclaimed his brother, indignantly. " Why not ?" said Clement, coolly. " Your de votion is of a longer date than mine ; she knows the story of your sacrifice, and time bringa round many stranger things than this. Have patience wait 1" " Not another word !" cried Matthew, with some indignation in his voice, and Clement was silent after one protest. " Very well, Mat ; but I have a right to advise you ia my- turn, and I think I see as clearly through the glas3." They were silent tho rest of the way to Atherby Court, where a welcome awaited the rightful heir of Coedstown. " I am glad to seo you here at last, Matthew-it is your own house," said tho Earl, rising, and ex tending both hands to him. "This is like the cowling of a son whom I have long expected." " I am glad too," echoed Clement. Then Mat thew and Ilesbie exchanged greetings, and Ilesbie looked towards the younger brother sorrowfully, and felt that there could never be but one love and one hope for her. It was in this fashion that Matthew Quail took his rightful place in his own house. [TO BK CONTINUED.] 