INTERCOLONIAL. QUEENSLAND. : Brisbane, Al»iuXi 3. Tub tenders for the first two sections pf the extensioa of the Western railway towards Roma were received yesterday, but some days must elapse before a de cision is arrived at. Victoria and New South Wale* contractors are both well represented among the ten derers, and enough is known of the offers to lead to the expectation that the fifty-four miles of line in volved in these sections will be constructed upon ? favourable terms, which will be a novelty ia the' hibtory of railway construction in Queensland, and will bear a very marked comparison with the 'cost of the unfortunate Brisbane extension. The small con tractors who did so well out of that twenty-fiy^ ~^*f^ are grievously disaupnint*'/? a*-,-tiicTong. lengths ut which the present extensions are to De iet,,»£tt k the amount of security required by the.« Gwemmeat for due performance of the contracts ; and sjwne'pres- - sure in the way of meetings and deputations was attempted, in the hope of bringing the Goverjnineat (w a sense of their error. Fortunately/ h»v-. '? ever, for the country, the. Government 'w$re firm upon both 'points,' haying 'the Terr good ground to go upon that it was ttfo late, aad would be unfair to tenderers frbnff'as distance^ to make any change in. these importantLpciuits at the eleventh hour. Desperate efforts were ?;nradebf o»e gentlemanfrom Victoria, who h&s; beenkifown, arid n.o't unfavouraSly, both as an engineer and contractor, t» get a financial back; but whether from excess i»f caution, or from not understanding the Idrid^f' in vestment proposed, the projector was unsuccessful in persuading men with means or credit to join him. Something like a stampede to Mulligan's new find at the Palmer River has already commenced from this port . Both men and horses are crowdiigthej8|eamers to 'Cooktown, and whatever the. f e^sult, to either bipeds or quadrupeds, after their arrival, those who carry, them to the port are likely to snake; a harvest before the fever abates. ? The -tempting,, accounts which have reached us, taken in connection with the favourable time of year, and the excellence . of the road^are having an unsettling effect upon many men. whfgare riot generally affected by 'thie hews' of gold dis|pTcries ; and it is not unlikely, from present appearances, that our labour market will be disturbed, during the whole of the coming cool season. What .is known as the Great Northern Railway is beginning to attain some importance aft last as * means of traffic. For a long time its short length was so valueless for purposes of carriage, that it did not pay for grease for the wheels. Sixty- five miles, are. however now open; and these include a very bad piece of country of ten miles in length ending at the present terminus, so' that the line will,, henceforth probably be used for all the carriage both ways of wool and supplies. The central districts Are in &ct;* looking up, as we find that the. bridge across theFitz roy, the very idea of which was scouted by Mr. M'llwraith when in office, and was the subject of a very urgent demand by the district during last session, has now been distinctly promised by the present Minister for Works. . ,' ' \ Among other phases of the resources and general advantages of Queensland, to which Mr. Macalister alluded in his speech at the great dinner of welcome given to him at Glasgow, was the absence of- came; and he attributed this to the fact that people were all too well to do to have either time or inclination ftr law breaking. This is in great measure' true^but another reason is to be found in the small number of our population all told, and m the absence of, air dense centres of population. We have, however, ha* ' one cause ceicbrej- and- in 'the history of the century some very terrible crimes will claim Jthis cplpnirM the locality ov, their committal. Thelong^ spell of comparative; immunity ffdm. gross offences which we - have been enjoying is slqw broken bf en occurrence at Maryborough, which is remarkable, not«nly.fcrit« chief feature being a terrible murder of a wife by ha husband, but from the fact that the discovery u- alleged to have Hee* made through raperaj*uraliHr strumentality. The death of the. woBum.hiir l-ee» made the subject of inquiry,, and ihe. faieaic^Ij,!***, who had examined the body gave it J»his ?-RWW*»- ?amtdaalBhadbWn CMwed bT»a*4?^. ,TA»«jc;r vrMJOro.pi^wh.twr--f^^Wy,W-ot-«Py* thedgpeqsedyoManhad *^J^flff!^S^^S^S't the -night «aer ^ «mury,i«Hlt I U'i*M||f ^* ?name of Adam&bn;, who does r.ot appear to have been in any way miKed up with the parties, saw, as he alleges, an apparition, which informed him that she was ' the murdered wife of Rbcen.' He vas nearly killed ?with fright, and the next morning, after consulting his wife, he informed the police of the occurrence. 'Whether solely in consequence of this, or from other suspicions already entertained which were strengthened by Adamson's story, Rixon, together -with a woman with whom lie had lived, and whom he had deserted to marry the deceased, was arrested. The woman at once relieved herself of suspicion by making a statement that Rixon had confessed to haying ** done for ' his wife. It appears that Rixon only remained one day with his wife when he returned to the other woman, and before a week was over £he ?wife was dead. These new developments led to the exhumation of the body, and the same doctor who had given his opinion that the cause of death was apoplexy, now upon re- examination stated that it ?was strangulation, ? The story is an ugly one from every point of view, and is invested at present with peculiar interest by Adamson's remarkable statement; out it is not at all unlikely that some cause of sus picion was in his mind which operated upon the imagination, and we may look either for some develop ment of that kind, or for other refutation of the ghost story. The hot season is now fairly over, and any of your leaders who have been deterred by fear of the climate from visiting us, may now safely come. The mornings and nights, are actually cool, while the sun. has power only for an hour or two in the middle ef the day. Mr. W. O. Hodgkirison, leader of the North Western Expedition, has sent in a progress report to the Government, accompanied by a diary commencing from the date of the real start from Georgetown on the 30th November up to the end of the year. Mr. Hodg kinflpp. gives a very exact description of the country ? he has traversed*, his report being dated from Copper mine Camp, on the Cloncurry River ; ' but beyond evidencing a careful examination of the country through which Tie has passed, the narrative possesses no peculiar interest, and indicates no discovery of metals or other inducements to settlement. News has reached his numerous Mends in this colony of the death of Mr. George Elphinstone Dal xyniple, a gentleman whose name is well and favour ? ably known in the history of pioneering and explora tion. Mr. Dalrymple's more public career com menced with the founding of a settlement of Port JDenlson for the Queensland Government in I860, and since then, with one short interval of a visit to England, he held various offices of Crown Lands Commissioner and Police Magistrate, in all of which he acquitted himself with lugh credit. His most recent important service was as leader of the expedi tion which examined the north-east coast from Cardwellto Endeavour River. It was during this expedition that Mr. Dalrymple's health broke down, and although he acted for a few months as Govern ment Resident at Cape York he never was again fit for active duty- . The Government have just made public the con tracts entered into for the next two years for conveyance. of emigrants from the United Kingdom ? to the several ports of Queensland. Immigration is evidently not to be overdone, for there are only to be nineteen ships in twenty-four months ; of these ten are for Brisbane, four for Roekhanipton, three for Maryborough, and two for Townsville; the rates Tarying from £14 6s. to £17 a head. The firms con tracted with are Anderson Anderson and Co., M'llwraith and Co., and Thomas Law and Co., the latter for ships leaving Glasgow .only. The policy of the Government in the matter' or liumi-gHituMi. will, it is to be presumed, be made known at an early stage of the on«uing session, and it is, fair to assume that the wants of the colony and its power of absorbing population have been well considered in these arrangements ; but no one who ?has watched can fail to have observed how largely the rapid settlement of our newly-opened agricultural lands' has been owing to a constant inflow of new population, and what a wonderful power of absorption there is in good land, easily; accessible, and upon easy terms of payment. These conditions have fairly attached to our lands 'which have been already open for selection, and the tendency of the times is to 'make ' the facilities for settlement still greater ; and I am confident that it only requires die department at home, with its lecturing staff, to make widely known the capabilities of our climate and lands to bring here a large number of small capitalists and employers of labour. New gold-fields now-a-days are in reality feeders of settlement, and it is no longer as a rule considered a fine tiling to do to come in to the nearest town .and spend in dissipation the proceeds of months of toil. Diggers of the present day are, in great measure, men who either have left some settled occu pation elsewhere, or. have one to fall back upon, and 'who save what1 they can with a view to leaving the ' digging life an(i its hardships at the earliest possible moment : ? and ? every new discovery of gold 'which is sufficiently important to draw men from a. distance : assists in the ? paramount Avork of all new countries, .'juinielv, settlement. 