SiiSOELLAftEOUS. A crystal ghost — A glass shade. Pressed for time— Egyptian mummies. What time by the clock is the best for a pun ? A joke takes best when it strikes one. The law does not require a warrant for you to seize an opportunity by which to do good. A Philadelphia woman swore that her ii it i i i . .. . nusoana s conaucx was enough to irrigate an angel." "What did you hang that cat for, Isaac ?" asked the school matron. The boy looked up, and, with a grave look, answered, " For mew- tiny, marm !" When may a bird be said to occupy a feather bed ? When it sleens noon the wine. According to one definition, a bachelor is a man who has lost the opportunity of making a woman miserable. The dentists of the United States have been holding a convention, for the purpose, as the chairman said, of devising some means whereby they can all jndl together. Put two persons in the same bedroom, one of whom has the toothache and the other is in love, and it will he found that the person who lias the toothache will go to sleep fust. A French paper supposes that a whale may he only an antediluvian sprat, but thinks it fortunate that men are deprived of this faculty of unlimited growth. " At the present price of bread," it says, " a man 80ft. high would be the ruin of any family." A Paris paper gives a conversation between a father and his little daughter : " Wliat liave you done with your doll ?" " I have put it away to keep for my children when I grow up." " But if you shouldn't have any ?" "Ay, well, then it will do for my grandchildren. " A Plea for Beauty. — Fat cook (with con scious blushes) to the lady who wants to engage lm.r " As to there bein' no followers allowed. mum, you might recollect as you've been single yourself ; and a girl as is rayther showy in figger can't well help 'em comin' about." A Pedagogue's Pun. — A youth who had not long emerged from scholastic trammels, having been smitten with a pretty face, consulted his former preceptor whether he would advise him to conjugate. "No," replied the pedagogue ; " I should say, by all means, decline." A woman in New York says that when her husband is a little drunk he kicks her, and that when he is very drunk she kicks him ; and she o fl .1 a fVmf. cfift fines most of the kickinn " A bachelor sea captain was complaining that he couldn't get a satisfactory chief officer, when a young lady remarked that she should like a situation as first mate. The captain took the hint and the girl. " Please accept a lock of my hair," said an old bachelor to a widow, handing her a large curl. " Sir, you had better give the whole wig." " Madame, you are very biting, indeed, considering that your teeth are porcelain. " " The husband who behaves unkindly to his 1 wife deserves to have his house burnt over his I head," said a domestic tyrant to a lady who I - ii i j l £c rn ,1 /MT/vhf knew all aDoux mm. keep yours fully insured," was the lady's re- tort. . . A new-made minister, having occasion to I marry a couple as his first official act, and there being quite an assemblage present, he determined to strike them dumb with awe, and so, in winding up, he said. "I pronounce I j . -v 4-V <1 1 ,ai/i haira n nfo\r rtn you man ana wiie, emu. cue jjulu. uo.c mwvj u.. your sinful souls !" The Misery of Short Sight. — " There ! don't you seem him ? He's waving his haud- kerchief, now," said a near-sighted but senti mental young lady to her companion, as they sat on the hotel balcony. "Nonsense, stupid ! ' replied the other ; "it's the waiter boy shaking I out the tablecloth after dinner." She fainted I on the spot. I One of the importunate juveniles who solicit pennies, was asked, " Where is your mother I She answered, diffidently, " She is dead. " Have you no father?" "Yes, sir, but he's I sick." "What aila him?" continued the questioner. " He has got a sore finger, sir." "Indeed?" "Yes, sir. "Then why don t he cut it off?" "Please, sir," responded the little maid, " He hain't got any money to buy a knife." The "Family Lot."— A Yankee minister, I newly settled in one of the "waste places" of I the Far West, was walking in the village I cemetery one day, when he saw one of kis I parishioners standing by the " family lot. J " Are these the graves of your children ?" he j asked. " Yes," said the man, looking about. J "Here is Tom ; there is Bill ; this is Mary ; I that's the baby ; and then, pointing contentedly I to a corner gay with flowers, " there lays the oiu woman, an uioweu oui». An Arrival.— Widow Jones's husband u.eu a long way from home ; and it took such a long time for the body to reach her that the relict had quite recovered from her grief, and was giving a large luuch pai'ty when the body finally arrived. A waggon drove up to the door, and a large box was handed out. Curiofeity ran high among the ladies at the w indow, and with one accord they exclaimed, 1 " Wfiy, Mrs. Jones, what can that be ? Up went Mrs. Jones's eye-glasses, and after a glance she coolly Raid. "Well. muBeolJ| 