EARLY RISING I (jYsid York Times.) Why is it that folks who like to do a thing aro not content to do it, and leave others, unadvised, to act for themselves ? 'Why should they insist on putting everybody into their pint measure, (ind condemning all who happen not to fill it exactly? This peculiarity is conspicuous in social habits, in the routine of every-day life. Tlio man who confines him self to two meals in twenty-four hours imagines he has cause of grievance against the man preferring three or four meals. Tho woman who enjoys society and travel feels uncharitable toward tho entirely domestic stay at-homo body. In nothing is this trait more obsorvable than in getting up in the morning about which people differ so very widely. They who choose to lie late are amiable enough towards those who believe, from a queer sense of hospitality, that tliey ought to welcome the dawn ; that tho dawn would be distressed unless they should co-operate with it, and keep it in countenance for its premature coming. But the early- risers are not so kindly or so tolerant. If not positively inimical to the late Her, they greatly dis approve of him, and aro inclined to give him wholesome counsel against his habit. Can any one tell why the mere fact of being up at or before daylight yields to a man an assurance or moral superiority ? What specific and shining virtue is there in leaping out of bed and dressing onc's-self in the dark ? What crown of honour is conferred upon the fellow who, unable to sleep in tho morning, bounces up betimes to advertise Bucli incapacity ? These be subtle questions, and their answers inhere in tbo mysterious root of things. But there can be no question that the habitually early riser conceives that the Ten Commandments aro conserved in him, in addition to an ample system of ethics. When he appears at breakfast, he is very likely to ask those at table when they rose, feigning ignorance on a point in which he takes particular pains to be informed. Having been told that they rose at six, or sovctS' or 'ght o'clock, he invariably anjriS|yices with great gusto, ' Why I was u^^^jf?8{?urs before any of you !' Then he pr0( patronise, in a very lofty manner, tlie nferiorUulor'a's w'10 are no' as^alne^ to co, .toss that have no prejudice in favour of .trfthe: up jn*V?ho middle of the night. Nor is Cfwir. out to eiv '.i°y this exalted triumph ones'' twice, thrift ? or twenty times- Bver7 morning he p.Vlurnes himself anew, puts the same quest?:''®11' alld cao'1 ^me adds to his moral wn/1'1'1 an^ personal consequence. Wly^t offence is there in sleep, that to pro froe^t it in the morning should be visited upon so severely ? Casuists have informed ns that man is always sinning, except in sleep, which shoulditlierefore be ardeotly encouraged, whether before or after dawn. Do the Seven Sleepers typify the Seven Deadly Sins, or does the early riser design to bamboozle our theology? We suspect the latter, for he is an incomprehensible, wholly inconsistent person, who obviously thinks that his matutinal self-elevation should atone for any and all other defects whatsoever. It is not sleep, but sleep in the morning to which he is hostile. He is fond of saying that we can not be in bed too long before midnight, or too briefly after daybreak. And then there is some sort of iniquity appertaining to the bed. He himself will frequently get up at four or five o'clock, and, after dressing, descend to the library or sitting-room, throw himself on the lounge, and be dozing in five minutes. He docs not feel any shamofor this either, although at breakfast he will be ready to hector his sons or brother-in-law, who were at the same time inaudibly asleep overhead, for being irredeemable sluggards. It is notice able that the early riser often compensates himself for his greeting to tho dawn by frequent naps between that hour and his regular bed-timo. He gets up, but only to lie down again ; he is not up for all day, nor ib there need of it, in his judgment, after he has performed the one important duty. The whole matter lies in this ; it is good for persons to rise early who want to do so, or who have something to occupy them, but they who have no necessity, and enjoy sleep ing, ought to be privileged to lie abed with out discredit or condemnation. This is rank heresy we are aware, but we are averse to fanaticism even on this time- honoured subject There are virtues altogether independent of the hour of getting up, and some men who have slept late have gone to their graves with blameless records, and left large estates for their kindred to quarrel over. To get up merely for the sake of getting up is not of necessity a saying grace, and vices might be named — it is true they are deep and dark — which it will not expiate. Late sleepers have so long been bullied and persecuted that they would seem to have earned indulgence. The inexorable early riser should compasion ate them at last, and permit them to go to perdition, if they will, on downy beds of ease. Evon if they be resolved to rush upon destruc tion from hair mattresBes, let them rush, while ho may seek absolution for non- interference by getting up for six months at two o'clock in the morning. It is well not to be beguiled by saws and counsels on the subject. Most of them had their origin in a distant ora, and under con ditions totally different from those now existent. Our reinoto ancestors went to hod early because there was nothing else to do. Their descendants of to-day go to bed late and get up late for very much tho samo reason. Country folk seek their pillow from sheer fatigue, from weariness, from want of mental stimulant. City people avoid their pillow for at dark their recreation begins, and tho joys of the night are poetic and manifold. Tho latter half of the nineteenth century is an age of gas-light, of midnight suppers, of nocturnal pleasures, of turning night into day. He who goes to bed early cannot see tho realities or the ghosts of the timo, and to riso early would subject him to a splendid isola tion, besides fitting him ore long for a sleep in tho cemetery. A good man and a wise man may at times be angry with tho world, and at times grieved at it; but no man is ever discon tented with the world if he does his duty in it. This is how thoy report accidents in Georgia, United States : — ' Bill Bridges, of Dooley County, attempted to knock down a pino tree with his horso, and killed the latter.' 