BAUD TIMES XN NEW ZEALAND. The following » an extract from an amusing letter written by a gentleman well known on the Geelong Press to a resident of this town, dated New Zealand 22ud May :—" I promised when I left Geelong that when I had an opportunity I should write to you, and .that promise it is now my intention to keep. Since my arrival atPortChalmers my careerhasbeen a somewhat chequered one ; dull, dismal cloud lowerings ; but £ suppose the brdliant sunshine lurks behind. Dunedin, the commercial metropolis of New Zealand proved a disappointment; its press belongs to a charmed circle ; it was the exclusive property of a Press Club, and there was no opening, not the ghost of a loop-hole, for a Victorian interloper like me. I •ought other employment—behind the counter and the bar—but was doomed to disappointment. One of the reliable (3) organs of public opinion trumpteted forth the praises of a labor agent, and declared there was lots of work for those who would adapt themselves to circumstances. I paid my fee, and hung about the steps of ibe agent's office until .my toes were cramped and my patience exhausted. A few days before Xmas, with half.a-crown —the remains of my ample fortune—I started on the wallaby track, I deposited my memorable black bell-topper under a manuka tree, abandoned my paper collar, and dressed myself as a new chum. For about a week I encountered the most delightful privations imaginable ! Travelling on scant fare, and roosting at night where I could find shelter. At the end of that period, one of the happiest in my life, I found myself overa hundred miles on my way, at a place called jP&pakaU;, with a skinned nose and blistered toes, and my elastic sides worn to the rerge of desperation. The Provincial Government of Otago were at this place engaged rectifying the absurdities of a tramway made some months previously by a pet contractor and passed as perfect by the obsequious officers of the department. I applied for employment and two days afterwards commenced a brief career with pick and shovel on the Awamoka railway. To tell you all my experiences in my new capacity would be a long, even if interesting, tale. You will probably conceive some of my pleasures, how I manufactured "palm" oil and patent blisters. I hoarded at an hotel and slept in the "dead-house," a place fitted up with bunks, just as on hoard of a steamer. * " For some time I have been engaged with a surrey parly, and I am jusifbegmning to get on my legs, and -save a little money. I never was in better health or condition ; hut, as usual, J am not at all contented. X have lots of exercise. travelling on the average twenty miles daily over rough ground and hilly country. There are three of lis and a cook. We live well, and have lots of fresh air 1 By-and-bye I suppose 1 shall be a Jack-ofrall-trades. Some of these odd days I will write yon more fully, and will give yon a better account of this highly taxed and much indebted country," —Geikrng Advertiser. ? 