Í CHRIST SEEKING THE LOST. ' A SHKMOK BY MU. D. L. MOODY. «f>r tiie Bon of man is come to seek and to save that f' "? which was lost."-LUKE xix. 10. - Tn me this Is one of the sweetest verses in tin wnoie w ora rood In that little short sentence we are told what the ann of God came into the world for, wo uro told what His ,ni«lon to this dark world was. He carno not to condemn ?hi world, but that tho world through Hirn might be saved. w« did not come to make men wretched. He did not wimB to make us miserable ; but He came to save that «1 ich was lost. Kow, when a prince, and especially a crown nrince comes to london, what a royal reception you give him . ind tlie question is raised, What is lie come tor ? Now him'is the Prince of Heaven coming down into this dark world' Wliat is 1Ie vomo lor? "WB are told tl?nt He rame 'to seek and to save that which was lost. And every min or woman in this audienco is either lost or found. You oraeitlier saved or lost. And bear in mind that Christ takes the nlice of the seeker. No sooner did the news reach heaven thatr Adam had fallen in Eden tlum God mme down to him. Adam ought to have gone up and down the garden of Eden irving out, " My God, where art Thon P I have sinned, I hive finned and fallen." Instead of that he went away and hid himself, and God came down, and His voice was heard in the carden of Eden, " Adam, where ort thou ?" It was the voice of Christ, tho voice of love. But Adam had gone away frhrhtened, and God took the place of the Seeker, and from tho time of Adam's fall until tho present, God has always taken the place of the Seeker. No man or woman in this au dience has bean saved but that He sought them first. We do »ot seek af ter Him until Ho first seeks alter us. We do not BO to Him by nature. Our naturo is to go away from Him, ta with Adam when he hid away from a loving God. Head what we have in the 15th chapter of the gospel of St. Luke. It Is not the lost sheep from the fold hunting up tho shep herd but it ls the Shepherd seeking: after the lost sheep. Whoever heard of a sheep which had strayed from the fold hooting .for the shepherd? And so Isaiah has told its "AU we Uko sheep have gone astray, wo have turned every one to his own way," and the Great Shepherd has come down after us. THE LOST PIECE OF atOXEY. And then, in the portion of Scripture I have read to you, there ls that woman who had lost tho piece of money. It was not that piece of money seeking its way back into the woman's pocket : but it was the woman lighting a candió and taking a broom, and sweeping diligently until she lound it. I can just imagine that some one hud paid that woman a bill that day, and had given her ton pieces of silver. When she re tired at night sho took the money out of her pocket to count it, and seeing the bulk looked small, she said to herself, " Well, tliij don't look like ten pieces; I must have lost one piece; where have I lost it?" Sho begins to think where sho has been that day. *' Ihavo not been out of the house ; it must be somewhere in the house," »ho says. Then she goes and lights a caudle, and gets a broom and sweeps the floor, and raises a great dust. And so it is when the Holy Spirit be gins to seek nf tor a soul ; there is some great commotion. So the begins to seek and gropo uround ; sho moves the chairs, the BOW, the tablo, nnd all the rest of the furniture, and looks into every cerner until she linds the pleco. Who was lt that , rejoiced-the piece of silver or the woman ? the sheep that was lost or the shepherd that found it? It was the woman tliat rejoiced over the lost piece ; it was tho shepherd that re joiced over the lost sheep he had found. And so wo find it is hero. ' Christ takes the place of the Seeker. " Por tho Son of mau is come to seek and to save that which was lost." What Adam lost ia Edon I lind in the second Adam. When God put Adam in Edon He bound him strong to the throne of God with a golden chain, When Satan walked in he broke the chain ; but the second Adam came to seek and to save that whfoh was lost, What tho iirst Adam lost for me I get in the j second Adam; He en ri)o te seek and to save that which was lost,' . THE STORY OF BATtTIMKUfl, Now let usgo baok a little before the text. I am very often blessed in my own soul by taking a text all round. In the 18thcliapter of the gospel of St; Luke, yon will lind Christ is going Into Jericho ; and as He drew near the gates of Jericho there was a poor blind man who sat by the wayside, begging people to give him a farthing, and crying ont, " Have mercy on a bllndman 1" This poor beggar mot a man, who said to him, "Bartimeus, Ihavegood news to tell you." "What is lt y said the blind beggar. " There is a man of Israel who can give yon sight." " Oh, no," said the blind beggar, " títere ls no chance of my over receiving my sight. I never shall seo. I never saw in this world, but t expect to see in ] the world to come." The man said, *' Let me tell you, I have just come down from Jerusalem, and I saw that village car penter, Jesus of Nazareth, and I saw a man who was born l)lind,'wlio had received his sight ; and I never saw a man with better sight. He does not itave to use glasses now, and he was bora blind." Then for thc first time in this poor man's heart hope rises, and ho says, " Tell mo how. tho man got his sight?" "Oil," says tho other, "Jesus Urst spat on the ground and made clay, and put in on his eyes"-why that is enough to put a man's sight out, to lill a man's eyo's with çlay-"and thon. He told him to go and wash his eyes in the pool [of Siloam, and hp would receive his sight. And then, llartimeus, He does not charge you anything, you have no fee to pay; you just tell Him what yotji want, and tho poor man lias as mitch influence as the rich. It does not need | dukes, or lords, or influence; you just call upon Him your self; and if Ile ever comes this way, don't let him go back Withoutyonrgoing to seo Jesus.". And Bartimeus said, "I Will indeed do so, and «sk Him for my sight." I can imagine him being led by a child iq h¡s seat as usual, and that he is _, ,, ....^ utfu, ...^ ,uu,.u,u.w ...v.*.., They i tell him lt ia Jesus of Nazareth passing by. Tho moment lie hears that ho says, " Why, that is thc mun that gave sight to tho blind." Tho moment it reached his ear that it was i'm!" of Nazareth, lie began to cry out at thc top of his voice, uiou Son of David, have morey upon me," Same of those who went before-perhaps Peter was one of them-rebuked "im, thinking thc Master was going up to Jerusalem to be crowned King, and did not want to be distracted- They never knew tho Son of God when ho was here. Ho would , Qiun every harp in heaven lo hear a sinner pray; no music H«?"Id delifiht Him so much. But tho blind mau lilted up h|s voice and cried still louder, "Thou Son of David, nave mercy tipon me;" and the prayer reached tho ears of the jun of God, as prayer always will, und they led the poor ««irantofflm. Tho Lord grant that each ono hero in ] wis Agricultural Hall may cry ont, " God have mer<ty upon me a sinner ! God have mercy upon this soul of mine 1" and we l&ri; Jesus will be good to you. Well, when Jesus heard Vii Wu,d ""agar. He commanded him to bo brought unto , mm. Bothoyrau to him and said, "Bo of good ohcor, the Master calletli thee; ne hath a blessing for thee." Whon Jaw saw him, He said, '? What can I do for you ?" " Lord, ri j "nay receive my sight." " You sliull have it ;" and the u*d gave it to him. " Ask and ye shall receive." Oh, may j ""na? wy out to- night, "God, give me my sight; God, be! »IM « to me a sinner." And now tho beggar followed «tin ti c,rowd» glorifying God. I can imagine ho sung us j ,!;"", y,a? Sankey ; no one sang sweeter than ho when he I SS,' Hosanna to tho Son of David ;" no one sang louder I nn, iJul,mnn w,,° Ilu<1 received his sight. Then he follows ' the city cron'Q' which we see pressing into the gates of | THE C0NVEBSIOX OF ZACMMiUS. ?As lie Is passing down thc street a man met him and turns Î?S?«n?d,sa-Vs' " Hartlmeus, is that you," " Yes, ifs rap." dwi? ' thought it was, and yet I thought my evos must Jeml^i S0, *"v did y°u Bet your sight?" "I just met Him ? 'Nazareth outside the walls of the city, and I asked ,'jSn«Af x-!!Lm?rcvA1Ç?n.nî.e.'.und Ho_gave me my sight." . down lunn aijouiu HUB lu seo .iura, 'says the «loht ?rr?way ho nms down tho street; but he cannot get a throng JTleinB little of stature, on account of the great hlmwffT??* T lm' 110 mns to a sycamore tree, and says to me w gut up there and hide, without any one seeing Him» .ALNNOT gct by w>thout my getting a good look at to Jesu« f^n* 'Sau>" rich men do not like to be seen coming haunt!. _! Jv'»thero he is in the sycamore treo, on a branch '»BiRSi« ghtover the highway.añd thenhe says to himself. All nt "2 i^et u? without my having a good look at Him." not htT » ^ ?rowd u,lrsts °Ut. Ho looks ot John-" That's saw n^lulle looks at Peter-" That's not him." Then lie And ÄJS10 wa.s falrcr thau tile sons of men. .« That's Him." look#3 uT0T"'Just Peeping out from amongst tho branches, *«i down upon that wonderfnl, yes, that mighty God Man in amazement. At last the crowd comes to the tree, HB ÎSStândall at once he looks up and sees Zacchous. and \- hiIn, Zacchams, make haste and come down." I t^M',iSt^,Sagmo Zac°hlcn8 says, to himself, "I wonder whe ?phrfrf 2Î. y 1î?me' Ä was never introduced to Him." But Christ knew all about him. Sinner, Christ knows all about you, üe knows your name and your house. Do not think in TS,H.h0! know* If W.wonldtry to hide from Him, bear Ío"m^Íthrat yo?, ^"S?1 hide froni Wm- He knows where each one of you live ; He knows all about your sins. Well, Ho « ¿iL . Zí\ccl,laT¿, Make naste down." He may have added, _ Xhis is the last time I shall pass this way, Zacclueus." This T «ïV«ii**7 .? fpeaks to, sinners-" This may be the last time I snail pass this way; this may be your last cliauoe of eter nity. ¿ie may he passing away from some soul to night, on, sinner, make haste and come down and receive Him. There are some people in this nineteenth centnry who do not believe in sudden conversions. I should like them to tell me where Zacchieus was converted. He certainly was not con verted when he went up into the tree ; he certainly was con verted when he came down. He must have been converted when he came down. He must have been converted somewhere between the branches and the ground. The Lord converted him just right there. People say they do not believe in sudden conversions, and that if a man is converted suddenly he wont hold out, he won't lie genuine. I wish we hud a few men converted like Zacchieus in London; it would make no small stir. When a man begins to make restitution, it is a pretty good sign of conversion. Let men give back money dishonestly obtained in London, and see how quick people will believe in conversion. Zacchous gavo half his goods to the poor. What would be said if some of the rich men of London did that? Zoochoeus gave half his goods all ut once ; and he says, '* If I have taken anything from any man falsely, I restore him four-fold." I think that is the other half. But to get Christ is worth more than all his wealth. I Imagine the next morning one of the servants of Zacchous going with a cheque for £100, and suying, " My master u few years ago took from you wrongfully about £25, and this is restitution money." That would give coniidenco in Zscchasus s conversion. I wish a few cases like thatwould happen in London, and then people would not go on talking against sudden conversions. THE COMPLAINTS OF MODERN PHARISEES. Now Christ becomes the guest of Zocchujus, and while He is in his boude the Pharisees begin to murmur and complain. It would have been a good thing if all those Pbariseee had died off with that generation ; but, unfortunately, they have left a good many grandchildren behind them, living down here now in tht> afternoon of this nineteenth century, who are complaining, "Thia man recelveth sinners." Mnny men complain because the Lord saves men for nothing, but the Lord deals in sovereign ginee. But while they are murmur ing and complaining on every occasion. Christ uttered the wonderful words of my text for to-night, "For the Son of man Is come to seek and to save that which was lost." '* I did not come to condemn Zacchieus, to make him wretched ; he is wretched enough now. I did not come here to torment him-I came to bless and to save him." When Christ com menced His ministry in the wonderful sermon of the moun tain, there ls blessing, blessing, blessing. He came to bless man, and poor Zacchous needed blessing, mid He ilrst gave it him. If there is some poor Zacchieus here to-night, or if there is some poor blind beggar here to-night, Ho will bless you. Tho Son of man is come for that purpose ; He left heaven and a throne for that. He caine " to seek and to save that which was lost ;" and so the vilest man in London eau be saved if he will be. The Lord is able and willing to save " Ha is come to seek und to save that which was lost." A man must believe he is lost beforo he can bo saved. One rea son why many are not saved is because they do not bollevo they are lost. They fold their filthy rags of self-righteous ness about them instead of acknowledging that they are mis erable sinners. PREACHING IN THE KKW TÜRK TOMBS. While I was occupying the Fulton-street pulpit in New York, the governor of the City Tombs prison said he would like to have me go'down and talk to tho prisoners. Af tor the prisoners were all brought in, I found there was no chapel in connection with that prison, and I had to talk to them in their cells. I talked from a little iron railing .running right across tho narrow passage way, to some three' or four hun dred prisoners, and could not see a man. I had never had that experience beforo. After I had done, I thought I would Uko to see who I had been talking to, and how they had re ceived the interpretation of the Gospel. I went to the first door, and looked in the little window of a cell whore the in mates could have best heard me. There woro some men playing at oards. No doubt they had been playing all the while J had been preaching. They did not want to hear. Some men come here to-night out of curiosity ; they do not want to hear the glad tidings, and they do not bellevo the Gospel's good news. Well, these men had been playing cards all the while I was preaching. I said, " My friends, what ls your trouble?" "Well, stranger, false witnesses appeared against us. We aro innocent." I said- to myself, *' Christ cannot save anybody hero; there is nobody guilty." I went to the occupiers of the next cell, nnd asked .why they wore there. They said, " We got into bad company, and tho mau who done the deed got clear, and wo got caught." I said, " Christ cannot save anybody here." 1 went to tho next cell, and asked how was it with them. They said, "False witnesses went into court, and swore falsely." I. said, " Christ cannot save anybody here." I wont to the next cell, and said, "How is it with you?" The reply was, "Tho fact is, the man who done the deed is very much like me. I am perfectly innocent." I never found so many innocent men in a prison in my lifo. It seemed that tho magistrates who sent them there were the only guilty ones. THE PENITENT PBISONER. I began to get discouraged ; but when I had got almost through I found o: o man with his elbows on his knees and two streams of tears running down his cheeks, I looked in at the little window, and I said, " My friend, what is the trou ble ?" He looked lip with despair and remorse on his face, and said, "My s}hs aro more than I can bear," I said, "Thank God for that." "Ain't you the mon that has been talking to us? I thqught you said you was a friend, and^you say you are glad my sins oro rnore flinn I cnn bear." " Î. es." " I uon*t understand your friondshlp if you aro glad my sins are moro than I can boar." " I will explain to you. If your sins are moro than you can bear you will cast them on one that will bear them for you." " Who is that?" "It is the Lord Jesus." And I stood there nt that prison door and preached Christ, and held up Christ for that poor wounded man, who was believed to bo the worst man in ( lie whole pri son of the city of Now York. After telling him of Christi got down nnd prayed. After I prayod I said, "Now you Sray." Ho said he could not pray ; it would bo blasphemy, int the man put his head on tho pavement, and, like the publican, without even lifting his eyes towards heaven, lie cried, " God be merciful to me, a sinner." After prayer, whonhegotup.I took his hand, and ho gave me a good warm grasp of the hand ; a hot tear fell on my hand, whi,eh burned down into my soul. I got so interested in, tho man that before I started for the hotel I said, "I will pray for yoii to-night, and I would have you join irçe in prayer at tho samp time." That night, whjle I wi\s praying in ray hotel, ns I tqld him I should pray for him at a certain hour, it seehied as if I knew that God was answering my prayer. I could not leave New York and go hack to Ohieago until I had seen that man. No sooner did I fix my eye on the man's countenance than I saw that a great change lind taken place, llemorse and gloom had fled away, and the face of tho mnn was streaming with celestial light. He seized my hand, and tears of joy trickled down Iiischecks. I said, "Tell me all about it," and he said, " Last night, when in my cell praying ; _I do not know the exact time, because when I came to pri son they took nway my watch, but I think it was about mid night-the Lord "Jesus took nway the burden, and set me entirely free ; and since then I am the happiest man in the whole city of Now York." And I believe he was, for he told | me of tho love, joy, and peace that nono but one that had received tho Lord Jesus knew anything about. After I had talked and prayed with him sonio time I bade him good- I bye. I GOOD NEWS FOR TnE 10ST. Now, my friends, can you tell me how it was tho Lord i Jesus came into thnt'prison, and passing one coll af ter another, ' went to that cell and set the captive free P It was because he believed he was lost, that ho had sinned and come short of tho glory of God. He called to God for mercy, and God deal t ? him mercies. If there is a man or woman in this audience to-niirht who believes they are lost, I have good news to tell them-Christ will come arter you. Ho came to savo you. He came to bless you. Now, do not let the night pass, my friends, without just nccepting salvation as the gift of mercy from a lorine God. He wants to deal out mercy and grace for every soul here. The Son of man is come-wtiat f or P To seek and to save. And do you think He is not able to save? And is He not willing to save? There is not aman in this audience but knows deep down in his heart that Christ is able and wiiilnir to save. Mv friends, let Him save you to-night wu^ le yon are on paying ground; while God is talking to you and offering you salvion without r^ney and without nricé. The gift of Cod is eternal life. That is the gift to night. Who will have it? Who will teethe gift ? Who 1 will ncceptthe gift o£ God? Who will receive it ? While I am talking to you lay hold on eternal life. While I am speak ing to you just receive the gift of Sod, and go on your way rejoicing. -Kow, I have no doubt that while I am speaking to you there area good many of you that nave got friends praying for yon. I have received a good many letters, espe cially from mothers, stating that they have sons in Loudon, and praying that the Holy Ghost might win their souls to Christ. Haybe some of those sons are here now. One of these young men spoke to me last night, and told me his mo- , ther was very anxious that he should attend those meetings. I have remarked thegreatnumberof young men who come to our services. I never saw more young men at a meeting than I see to-night. I may bo speaking to more young men than than ever Ispoke to in my life. How comes this, that there are so many young men hore ? Perhaps they have in the country a loving mother praying that tho Holy Ghost may convert their hearts ; or a loving sister, or a loving father, or brother, pleading hard for their salvation. Well, if you have got these friends that are diligent for your salvation, treat them kindly, for you will not always have them. A YOUîîft MAN'S TAI.!;. I went to a moating In Chicago a few years ago, and a youngman got up and said, "Will you allow roo to speak to these young men f" At first as he was a stranger, I thought I wouldn't; and then I thought he might have a message from God, so I said, " Bay on. And that young man just pleaded with those young men, and said, in closing his speech : "If any of you llave fathers, or mothers, or Clirfstian friends, who are diligent for your salvation, treat them kindly, for you will not always have them. I was au only son, and I luid a godly father, who went down to his grave praying for me, for I was a wayward boy. After father died mother began to be more anxious than ever. Bomethnes she would weep over me, and say, ' Oh, my boy, if yon were only a Christian I should be so happy.' Sonienighta I heard her in her chamber weeping and crying to God for her boy. I could not stand it any longer, so I had to leave home. I must become a Christian, or got away from homo. So I ran away. It was a long time before I heard of her, and then I i was told she was slok, and the thought came stealing over nie. '¡She may die. I will go back-* And then I thought. If I go back homo, I will have to become a Christian. I cannot live at home with mother without becoming a Chris tian ; I will not go.' The next time I heard from that mother I heard sho was much worse. Then tho thought came to me, ' If my mother died, and I should never see her, I should never forgive myself.' So I started off. There was no rail way into the village, and I had to take coach. I got to the village about sundown ; the moon had commenced to shine. My mother lived about a miloanda-tialf from tho little town, and to get home I had to go by the old village churchyard, so I thought I would go and look at father's gravo, and see if there was any new- made grave. As I drew near my heart bogan to quake. I could not tell why. The moon showed me a new-made grave, and then for the first timo in my life the question occurred to me, * Who is going to pray for my lost soulnow? Mother's gone and mother's dead.' I took up some of tho earth and found it was just damp, and I threw myself ou my mother's grave, and thero I spent the night. I did not move until the break of day ; but before I loft that grave my mother's God had beoome my own. And, young men, I believe God for Christ's sake forgavo mo that night, bnt I never forgave myself." Young man, if you have a praying mother or a praying father, treat them kindly, for you will not nlwnys have them j they will soon all be gone, and that voico which is now pleading day and night for your soul will bo hushed in tho grave. Therefore, this night, while they aro praying, soek the kingdom of God; and it won't take au misions sinner long to meet an anxious Saviour. Let your hearts be lifted up now, friends, to Christ in united prayer forevery unsaved soul in this hall this night; and now, let us all have a few moments of silent prayer. 