The A.J.C. St. Leger Day. (By ike Courier's Special Correspondent) In future years, when racing events are revived and discussed, the A.J.G. Leger of 1876 will always stand out promi nently, and take precedence of all other notable circumstances which may have taken place on the - Bandwick grounds. The fall of three horses in the Leger race, the instantaneous death of tbe frontier's horse, the diRannnint.menf'. ex perienced by the favorite who was thereby defrauded of the race, the miraculous escape of the jockeys, the time the race was run in, besides the opening of the new grand stand, are events that will long be recollected by those wbo were present, and they were many, for in round numbers there could not have been less than 10,000 or 12,000 persons on tbe coarse. Fortunately the weather was fine, and though the ground was rather holding, it had dried wonderfully by the time the great race of the day was ran. The rash for the four-horse bns&es; in George-street was amongst the amusing incidents of the day. So anxious were people to secure seats that they besieged every bus as it arrived from the snburbs, not giving tbe occupants time to gpt out or to get off. Hats, coats, and dresses all isuffered, yet the chief actors in the drama seem to smile and enjoy the fun as much as the onlookers, and in no instance was there traceable the slightest display of temper, thofcgh some persons got pretty well crashed and pushed about. The road to the course presented a very pretty and striking' sight, numerous car riages, endless four-horse bosses, hansoms galore, and a few weir appointed drags, being tooled along in one unbroken liue. The pikeman did not object, and the person who gave £1100 for the gates' must have thanked Providence for the charming weather which favored his pur chase. The start for the Hurdle Race took place at noon, Gaffer Grey being made the favorite, and winning as he liked, Erin second, not being sufficiently at home over the little sticks, the perfect Gaffer gaining length at every jamp. The Pearl was a good third, and the rest nowhere. It Was a match for the Cum berland Stakes between Kingsborongh and Southern Cross, the former winning easily, though the mare had a very strong and influential party who took, the odds right op to the start. The weight either told on the little mare, or she was a trifle off. Rapid Bay slipped crossing the tan, and pulled his rider out of the saddle — unfortunately so, for Rapid Bav would have surely felt Kingsborongh's pulse, and it would have guided its in our esti mation of the Maid's cbance for the Cap. Of the nine youngsters opposed to the Cbrysdlite colt for the Champagne Stakes not one had the ghost of a chance with him. In fact, he was winning so easily that_JVlorrifion Jjad to pnll him back twice inside the distance-post. Lady Mary should have been second had she got off as well as some of the others did, but it was not her luck, and going op to the leaders spoiled ber chance for the finish. Queen's Head is a big plain filly, with a long stride ; and the Cardi nal surprised many by bis third place. The tried flyers Zara and Rose were nowhere when it came to racing, though it was said of them that they had done wonders at home. The Chrysolite colt is a game, good-natured colt, with any amount of strength and endurance, ai-d, unless somebody errs, he will prove a better three than a two-year-old— dis- tance will turn out to be his forte. Eight horses started for the Leger, and not a single filly, and had not that lub berly trooper got in tbe way it would have been a grander race than it was. A trooper stationed at the last turn had been chasing a dog off the course, and pulled right np in the track of the horses. How Robin Hood and Valetta escaped is marvellous ; bat he brought to k earth Valentis, Saladin, and Red wood, besides forcing Richmond on to bis head and knees. Saladin's shoulder struck the trooper's horse on the head and neck, dislocating the neck, and causing instantaneous death. Valentia fell over the trooper's horse, and Saladin fell on to Redwood, who was on his quarters on the outside, while the latter cannoned Richmond. Hales scrambled his horse together, and, though 15 lengths behind, reached Valetta and beat him on the post, but never fairly caught Robin Hood, who was declared the winner by a head. The Judge says that ia the next striae menmona was two neaas in front of Robin; When tbe accident j occurred the favorite was going easily; \ and must have won the race with Some- | thing to spare. Had Valetta been ! ridden in his usual bit he would have beaten Robin, bnt his owner took a fit into his head to have him ridden with a leather bit against the reasoning of his rider. The consequence was he ran away in the race, Lewis havihg no con trol whatever over him, and be fairly ran himself out. When the accident occurred Valentia was running very well, and there is no doubt he would have been about at the finish. He is much better than Clifton, who was third at the distanoe. It was a fas'; race, and a long way before any other similar event on tbe same course. Briseis won tbe Donca8ter Handicap comfortably, Wrangler dividing Southern Cross from her, and Brunswick and Irish Stew were the two first in the Trial Stakes, though had not Negress run inside a post it is possible she might have been returned the winner. 