SYNOD OP GRAFTON AND ARMIDALE, I IN our last issuo wo published tho various resolutions passed. Wo now givo, as far as our spneo admits, a precia of the Bishop's address as abridged from tho Armidale Kxpreu.-Chico moro, by (iwvi ponnissiou, wo aro nssemhlud together iu Synod, I trust for tho good of that body of which wo aro members, tho Olm roll of Christ. Howovor, on this occasion wo aro mot for deliberation, rnthor than legislation, because circumstances connected witli tho course agreed upon by tho Synod of tho live (ö) DiocesoB in IN ow South Wales have prevented tho Diocesan Council from pro {luring any Canon on thu subject which was proposed, mt postponed, at the last Session of our tl rat Synod, viz., a Trust Canon ¡ or preferring any thing entirely now, such os n " Tribunal Ordinance"- it Going use- less to proposo any Canon on these subjects until tho course to bo pursued by us all has boon determined upon. Had I thoroforo ' lind tho power or had not curtain things been required to bo dona by our Syno d in its relation to tho so-called Provincial and General Synods, I should not have summoned you this year. Hut it wns absolutely necessary that I should du so, ns I havo no power to defer any Session, or tho elec- tion of n now Synod when u|former Synod hus ex- pired by oflluxiou of timo. It lind huon tho purpose of our Metropolitan to summen tho Provincial Synod this your, to review tho work of a Committeo appoin- ted by it for the purpose of propnring n Bill to bo sub- mitted to tho Legislatura for thu Incorporation of our body us " tho Church of Knglnud m New South Wulcs." I have seen tho draft of this Act for a feu minutes, but up to the hour ot writing this 1 havo not seen more of it, and 1 feel that it would bo dangerous in ino to try to explain to you its provisions on so slight nu acquaintance, mid therefore 1 may pass it by nt present, especially as tho Metropolitan lins intimated to ma his intention, with tho consent of his Suffragans, not to summon the 1'ioviucial, but to summon tho Gouorul Synod in October next, to elect clerical mid lay representativos, which will bo a part of your necessary business. I havo Tj"t fow snbjcots upon which to address you. Tho Education question stands much as it did last year, and 1 huvu nothing to ndd to whnt I snid in my Inst address, oxcopt to inform you that a plan, which might be very advantageous to tho body cnllcd tho Church of Knglnud in this colony, wns proposed and aureed to iu tho i'rovincinl Synod of 1870, viz., that nhouse should bo provided in Sydnoy in which tho pupil teachers fur tho Church of England Schools might rosido during tho time that thoy aro attending thu Fort-strcot Schools, and that tho money allowed to them by tho Government for their board during their pupilage might hu asked for, mid go townrds tho payment of tho samo charge to thom in thc proposed school tuachcrs' boardiiig-liouso. That, if it bo carried out, would bu au undoubted boon to tho Church, and to tho teachers themselves ; but 1 nm not aware whether any stops havo yet boon taken in tho matter townrds bringing tho proposed pinn to a successful issue. Another subject to which I would drnw thc attention of my brethren, tho clergy, is tho uso of thc "Act of Uniformity Amendment Act," [Tho rev. prelate then touched upon tho subject of hymns, concerning the quality of Church miisiu, a reform in funerals, and extravagance at marriages,] I may hore remind you, my Urethren the clergy, that since wo last met tho Legislature of this country has, with tho consent of tho Crown, legalised marriage with a deceased wife's sister, an Act for which thuro was no need in this colony, as nothing but tho religious scruplos which no act of man cnn do away with pre- vented such marriages, or far worse, before. This is not, howovcr, lawful in tho Church of Englnnd's sight -for it is certainly forbidden by her, not on nccouut of the passage of Lev. xviii., IS, but on tho general principle thnt tho wife's relations (consanguine!) mo tho husband's kill, atilíntate, mid vico versa ; mid tho greatest lawyer on tho subject of tho Eeclosinsticnl Law of 1'rotestnnt-viz., Bocliiuerdin- declares it to bo considered unlawful, that lt is contrary to God's Word, by all Protestants whatover. Ho did not, howevor, live in our century, nor in Australia, His remarks on ministers of tho Church of England occupying the pulpits of dissenting ministers, chiefly went to show that nono but duly ordained ministers by Church of England Bishops ought to bo permitted to ministor in tho churches of dissenters, and that dissenters were not ndmissable into tho pulpits of Episcopalians. The Bishop quoted origin ns nu excep- tion to tho rulo, but explained that although ho belonged to tho laity, ho was not a seceder from the anclout Episcopal Church, tho apostolic ministry of bishop, priest, nnd deacon. A long dissentntion followed in which tho Bishop entered largely into tho question, concluding by saying that for his part ho would certainly avoid doing anything which could inako pcoplo suspicious that , ho thought little of those differences, unless ha wera desirous, which ho certainly was not, of introducing those diiierenoos of doctrine into their church. Another subject voil will seo brought before you, in tho »«port of tho Diocesan Council, viz., tho question of tile appointment of a successor to tho Soo, in the evout of my sudden decease or resignation. A com- mitteo, of which I was cue, appointed by tho Dio- cesan Council, havo arrived nt the conclusion that, on tile whole, it would bo bettor to request His Graco tho Archbishop of Canterbury to make tho appoint- ment. It is, of courso, too delicnto a subject for one so appointed as I was to arguo, mid I shall nat argue it. 1 would only say that, ns fnr ns I nm concerned, all that soeins called for further in that, proceeding hy resolution, tho Synod may, if it seo flt, givo power to commend to His Graco anyone in this colony, or at homo, to bo chosen at his best direction. It is quito impossible thnt I should-considering tho value ot tho present capitnl endowment of tho Soo, givo up any income to provide for a coadjutor, with suc- cession. Tho only thing I can suggest is-part of which I do indeed hopo to bo able speedily to bring to a happy issuo, vi/,, to erect Grafton into nn Archdea- conry, mid to begin at onco to raise funds for its endowment, with a view to tho seaboard district hoing ultimntoly soverod from tho tabloland part of tho dioceses and erected into a separate Bishopric. For thnt purpose wo shall need to raiso n nucleus of from £¡1000 to £0000, mid whoa thnt is raised I should ask my brethren in tho Episcopate hero to consent to tho consecration of a Coadjutor Bishop, to be tho first Bishop of Grafton as a distinct Seo, whenever tho necessary sum for its endowment may bu raised. Complaints have coma to mo of tba observance of Holy Days in soiuo of my Churches to tho detriment of outlying districts. I take, thoroforo, this opportunity of saying distinctly that, considering tho necessities of Public Worship and religion ni this colony, 1 should blame myself very much if I asked any of my Clergy to stay at homo to observe a Holy Day when his call roally required him to bo away. Yet, when a clergyman is at homo, I cannot Bay but that I think it his duty to givo his parishioners opportunity of attending Divine Service on every day, mid especially on thoso days on which the Church would move our piety by tho momornble oxamplcs of holy mon of old. Beyond that I havo never gone-less than that I dare not, in my conscience, require. There is ono Holy Day in nearly overy pince fallen into most inichris tiauly nogleot-I moan tho Feast of Ascension. When men aro careful to observo, with overy pleasure to themselves-nnd rightly-such days as Anniversary Day, Qucon's Birthday, Prince of Wnlos' Birthday, they most wrongly neglect tho observance of Holy Thursday, or tho Ascension Day of our Lord to His Throuo in Heaven. It is indeed a sad reduction that those days oro obsorved while that dny is discarded. I beliovo that this nogloct of Holy Thursday with us may bo traced in tho uso of tho day for heating of tho bounds, of the parishes-but 1 must not, noitlior eau I, dotaiu you with my speculation on that subject ¡ only I would exhort you, my hrothron and olorgy, to mnko a point in your sermons, on tho Sunday beforo Ascension Day, to call your pooplo's attention to thnt Dny, and to tho Itogation Days (ns they nro called) which procodo it-not that wo cnn uso them hore, us our brethren do nt homo, but still ns days of fasting and prnyor, and preparation by meditation for thu proper roligious observance of Ascension Day. On that day, then, havo mi enrly Eucharist and a sermon, and mention it not in a cold porfiinotory way, but speak of it with that glow which wo should all feel at tho momory of tho day whon Ho who carno down as- cended up ou high, loading captivity captivo, mid bringing gifts unto men, espooinlly tho gift of tho Holy Ghost, Mr Plimsoll, during tho courao of nu mlilroaa which ho dcllvorod n fon- wooka ngo, ronmrkod thnt nt tho port of Sundorlnnd sovonly-nliio Bhlps lind hoon do (Jilnod undor tho Merchant Shipping Act, on tho gronud of nllogod uiiRoaworthlnoaa, On an Invent! gntion having taken plaoo, It wan decided thnt not ono of those vessels waa, in ita then aondltion, fit to procood to sea, and whoa afterwards Blictoou of thom wore oiforod nt nuotlon riot ono of thom ronlhod £30, Mr rilniBoll, moraovor, argued that when a vernal could no longor obtain classification on Lloyd's roglator, sho ought to bo brokon upi but thoro uro, nt tho prosoot time, n largo numbor of such vossols nftont, Ho strongly dopreoatod tho Irndo of tho ship- | knacker, and BUggoatod tho doalrablonoss of substitut- ing for it tho old Prado oftho ahlpbi onkor. 