T- !FA.T AWVFUL BOX. M.v coman Fenelope Pultsley, was what the world calls a strung-minided wuman. Sih read philosophy,' practised botany. and know something about all the " ologies" in existenee. She never thought of matrimouy, except as ant adjunct of political economy, and the Bureau of Statistics. If people rallied her on the subject, she Iwas wont complacently to reply that she had too much to do to thinlk about getting married. But-this is entirely confidential between me and my readers--if she had a weakness, it was for Dr. Sternbright, who. lived in the nearest house to her. She had even gone as far as to spy that she believed him to be the man. who thoroughly understood himself. But as Dr. Sternbright was an inveterate old bachelor as she was an old maid, there was every probability that the partiality. would turn out merely an idea. Cousin Penlope-Penny, I called her for short-- lived all by herself, with the exception of a, hard-featured, old, Welsh serving- woman, in a ruinous house, near marsh, with a. lively view of the railwdy, elevated upon. a dismal trestlework and the I croak!ing of frogs innumerable, by way of music-- when first I went there visiting, I lifted my hancs.and.my eyes: " Oh, Penny, ' I cried out, "how can you ever endure to live in a,, place like this ?" Penlope adjusted her spectacles on her Roman.nose and responded briefly " Idon't trouble myself much, about ex. ternals, 1Mary." "But you haven't any neighbours." "Science and the world.of literature are my neighbours," said Penlope didactically. "And who lives in yonder, red: house, with a. row of, tumpy willows in, fronp. of it?" Dr. Sternbright." "All alone by myself? Are all hereabouts Robioson Crusoes on a small scale ?" '"I believe acousin has just come to keep house for him-a tall, awkward girl, who is going to open a boarding school, ans wered my cousin with some asperity. . Aha ! This;' then, was Penlope Pugsley's spot, I chuckled inwardly to, myself upon, having. made, the discovery; Cousin Penriy in love. Who would ever have believed it ? I had:- not been in the house long, before Sarah' Evans, the ancient house-. keeper,.became, in hier turn,.communicative. It'e a awful dull place, miss," said'Sarah. " And the graveyard down at the foot of the hill don't make it none the livelier." I gave a little shudder.. .I have seen the ghostly gleam of the, white tombstones from my bedroom win dow, and resolved that I should have a curtain to shut them out. "Do you. believe in ghosts, miss ?." per sisted Sarah, the lugubrious. "Of course I don't; nobody does." " Ah I don't know. With a graveyard on one side, and a cuttin' and choppin' doctor on the other, one hears of strange tlhings,"' retorted Sarah, stoning briskly away at her tiu basinfulof raisins. "Saral what.on earth do you moan ?" "Nothing," said Sarah, ivith grim satis faction. Except that there's a many hero abouts as hay seen the ghosts of thpem as Dr. Sternbright has dissected." " What nonsense !" " Well, miss, it stands to reason," per-. sisted Sarah. " And them doctors. don't pay no attention to neither law nor order !" " But in-spite of.my external faithless ness, I couldn't help thinking of what Sarah had said, as the grey dusk gloomed over us, and the sad November winds began to howl around the angles of the old house. SI had come, intending to remain, until Christmas. I resolved now to go home, as I drew the Turkey red curtains, and gave the smouldering fire a poke. The night had set in, bleak and stormy; rain dashed in pattpring gusts against the windows-the dead? sprays of the leafless honeysuckle tapped, after a sepulchral fashion, at the lintels, and loose shutters banged like reports of artillery. Cousin Ponny, sat and drank tea, with her fe, t on the fender. I tried to read, but without success. "Cousin,"' said I, suddenly, "do you believe in supernatural visitations ?" "SuperniLtural.grannies," retorted Penny. "I'd as lievo spend the night. with any number of corpses,, or in yonder graveyard, for that, matter." I shivered. "I wish I was as- strong-minderlas you, cousin. This is the very night for ghosts to walk abroad." " Mary, I'm ashamed of you," said Penny. "Is it really true about Dr. Sternbright and the resurrectionists ?" I. went on. " Fiddlesticks ? " cried Cousin Penny, " not a word of it ; and if it was true, what difference would it make to us ?" " Only," pleaded I, " I wish he didn't live next door." Just then there came a knocking at the door, and presently Sarah came in. "It wasn't my fault, ma'am. They would leave it!" " Would leave what ?" demanded Penny. "The box, ma'am. I said we hadn't ordered nothin', nor didn't expect nothin', but they said it was their orders to leave it, and down they dumped it on the kitchen floor, whether or no." " What sort of a box ?" A long, narrow one, ma'am." "Humn?" soliloquised Penny. "Perhaps it's a mistakeo. Perhaps the parcel is to go to Dr. Stornbright's. My hat wvent to his house olCe. Andl--" " Lor' Ihave meroy on us," squeaked the affrightd Saveah, ju!npin . backward, as if a hiiornet had stung her, "'I know what it it is now, and I wish I'd had been anywhere afore I'd have let it into the house. It's a -a body. "Sarah !"' orie1 Miss Penelope. '!"Come and look at it for yourself, ma'am," said Sarah, trembling all.over like a leaf. And we all three adjourned to the kitchen. Su,. enough, lthere lay a long, narrow box of unpainted deal, directly across the A?A a narrow card tacked on one end rLead " For Dr. Job Sternibright. (" /i'th haste. " Penny turned'pale. \- I utteredl a shriek, and jumped up ecn the kitchen table, while Sarah Evans wedged herself behind the door whence she put her head ouat like Jack-iu-the- box. " Mary, do you think it's really a corpse ?" faltered Penny, a greenish pallor overspread ing her face. "Of course it is," I answered. Oh, dear! what shall we do?" It'll be walkina' the house, directly the clock strikes twelve,".crooned Sarah. "IMary." whispered Penny, clutching at ine with a force which had very nearly brought mo down from.the kitchen table, "let's go into the stable. There's a very decent chamber. above, and,-" In spite of mry own terrors-in spite of the grisly thing upon the floor, I could not but laugh. "Penny," cried Ii '"I thought you weren't afraid of ghosl;s." Penny looked at me with unuterable hu mility. "I never had one in the house before," said she. " As for the stable, that's all nonsense," said- I. "Let's shut ourselves up in the parlour, and lock all the doors." S"I dare not," sobbed Penny, for once in her life gettinghysterical. "Oh, dear! oh, dear! let's go to Dr..Sternbright's, and ask 'em to take us. in there till the horrid corpse can be taken away." So through the storm we three hielpless slipping two.or. three times, from sheer iniability to 'see our way through the pitchy darkness, until at last, we stupbled into Dr. Sternbright's snug little sitting room, where his cousin-neither tall .nor awkward, al though fashioned after a truly regal mould -was playing the piano, and the doctor sat slippered and comfortable. " Hoy!" cried out the doctor. '« What's up now?" :We 'all told our story at once in three dif ferent keya. -'" A-corpset-ma box," added I. "'On my: kitchen floor," Cousin Penny followed suit. - " Ghosts! i ghosts! . ghosts!"' dismally chanted Sarah Evans. The doctor burst out laughing. SA long box,!' said he, " directed to. his.cousia; "'it's-the maps, for your school-. room: We expected them. to-night by ex press, and it is not half an hour since, you were wondering they didn't make there ap pearance. Ladies, llgo. over with you, and solve the mystery at once by,. means of a hammer.and screw driver." .' He did, and our corpse turned out to be three superb maps, varnished, painted, and mounted on six-foot long rollers. Cousih Penny looked at me. I looked at Cousin Penny, and, we both burst out laughing. But my cousin never dared to discuss the question ofn ature and the supernatural again, especially as Dr. Sternbright married \~ iss Clara the very next year. 