La.Belle Americftine. ... A CALIFORNIAN STORY. ".'B,Y BIOHMOND THATCHER Ohapteu III, — (Continued.) . , Shortly Bftor her fame was established; ehcrvaa making her way to her dressing-room, when, in one of the passages, she came across Bome of those male butterflies whom wealth and lavish prodigality give an entree behind the soencs'of the best of America thostres ; whose only object is to toy with and captivate snch ns arc lad away by their fascination and liberality. Sending for MrChawson, who was soon in attendance, she said : " I am of use to you, Mr ChawBon ?" . \- That enterprising man acknowledged tho fact by a bow. ".Then," sho continued, "send away those fellows; never let me see them in this place during my engagement. Hot- that door" pointing to tbe stage entrance, " be a barrier ..to .which no money will lie an 'open sesame.' Let the eurtaia divide mo nntl those girls from such men, whoso presence degrades ns ;" and she Bwcpt up towards her room, her eyes flashing and her hands clenched. Her wishes were obeyed, for she was mis- tress of the .situation. No languishing » glances from private boxes, no advances mnde by means of artfully contrived mis- gives, concealed within gorgeous bouquets, in- twisted round diamond rings, had any effect npon her. Sho recoived the- usual thousand and one invitations to mix with the gay and thoughtless, to live the life of some women who make the stage a profes sion; but she repelled the advances, quietly but firmly, and iu snch a manner as to leave no mistake as to her meaning. Sho was -punctual at snch rehearsals as hor presence , was required at, and she required punctuality from the company. But she rehearsed once only— tho piece being sufficiently well known OE'gene. through, she left. in kef, modest cha riot, Sho enme punctually to the theatre at night, and left as rogulnrly for_ her quiet lodgings. Not a dozen persons in the city know sho was tho protcgco of Georgo Mar shall, deceased, and thoso who did know it wero not likely to communicoto the fact to others. MrChnw'eon did . not seek to pry i to her private affairs or antecedents. He knew that he was making thousands of dol lars out of her ; that she filled his theatre to overflowing night after uigbt. He was a practical roan, with a vast amount of shrewd, matter-of-fact philosophy — a sort of brcoches- pockct Seneca. 1 " Who was she ?" he would sny. " I don't know, and I don't care. She fills the treasury, and makes the ghost walk. She's the cleverest woman that ever showed in New York, and that's enough for me, sir'ee." After the time was up for which she had engaged with Mr Chawson, she expressed her intention to travel, and that disconsolate lessee dictated, much agninst his will, terms of agreement with Crouch, of the Republican Theatre, San Francisco, whioh wero accepted ; and Fanny left for the gold const, bidding farewell for n time to the rough but kind-hearted Chawson, withmany miitual expressions of sorrow and regret at parting. ' Chamj:ii IV. — 'Fmsco. There was no Trans-pacific railway ncross the continental that' time, and the voyage- had to be mado. by steamer. It wns accomplished, however, and Fanny Marshall, now La Belle Americainc. with her agent, landed at the Universal Pocket Wharf, nnd was Deceived by emissaries from Mr Crouch. The lndv was whipped into a car- ringo amidst tho cheers of a great crowd, Which tho enterprising Mr Crouch had taken care should moet the steamer and greet tho great nctrosB whoee famo was to fill his pockets. Tho'. enterprising" Oronchi" had not been idle since the engagement of !the mew star. "Hd"had many disenssions with his stage manager on the knotty point of tho opening piece in which -to intro duce 1 ' La Belle Amorlcaine to the Pacific public. "La Belle Amoricaine." the piny itself, was not suited fop the Western States. "Shakespeare'," Mr Crouch observed, " wasu't worth n cuss ; he was played out, and d— d expensive to mount." Tom Taylor and Boucicnttlt had to be' localised so frightfully that thoy lost half their value when brought across iho Atlantlo. She must havo some thing tip top, thnt was certain ; something AI, and now, if possible. Now I thnt wns tit exactly, Yonng Leslie was tho very man j.right into their hands, Leslie was a rising author ; he had written two or three successful farces, adapted a few burlesques, and dramatized an English work of fiction. He was a successful pressman, and altogether the very'mhn to write a dVamn in which the powers of. La' Belle Americaine might be shown to _ .tlio, best advantage. He wne a local man,' too, and Mr' Crouch know how to appeal to a disorimiuating find generous public to encourage local talent. The order was given, and the -young nmn set. to work to ' produce a piece, ail original drama, worthy of even so bright a star as La Belle. iHe threw 'his soul into the task ; ho knew it would m-tire or mar his famo as a dramatist. Ho had Mb foot on the lndder of ronp.wu. He was to climb— to reach the top, and grasp all the emoluments attendant on' success, or fall into tho abyss of mediocrity if he failed ; nnd no one knows how bitter such n fall and failure can bo but the nspinng bat disappointed geuins, who has essayed to climb, nnd fallen. Herbert Leslie hnd long been confident thnt he eonld write a drntqn; ho on'y waited for the chance, nnd ithnd come. When ho submitted the manuscript of " Tho Creole's Revenge" to Mr Crouch, and Burton, the 1 factotum, thoy nt once said it would " go." Mr Crouch even went so fnr as to Bay it was a "snorter." Lcslio had .not written exactly to -please himself. He knew that he was writing for the Pacific public, and ho grafted on to words, scenes, and situations, many noble sentiments. He made n sort of compromise with his conscience nnd nm- bition. He wns nwaro that, had he writteu n play in- which real men nnd women had been introduced, and .miide to talk as mon and women do, it would not be suffered to roach the length of one performance ; so he sacrificed truth nnd fidelity, lis all dramatic authors are forced to do. But he - gave, in the place of real lifo, an idenl one, which, wbiio it appealed to the sympathies and pre dilections of playgoers, was true and faithful : to that ideal. Ho bad to create stage men and women, but ho did not make them ; " 8tagcy ;" ho endowed them with life, and did not merely create so many puppets. He' gave each man nnd woman in the picco an individuality. If they spoke his .words they were bonnd to bo consistent, and become component parts of tbo whole of his plot.. ' . Barton, the factotum, knew it would go. There were " lines" for tho gods, which he knew must bring down that portion of tho house, nnd ho felt that tho i .tcrcst ho him self experienced in merely reading the play must be increased tenfold if it wero properly acted, and that ho was determined it Bhould be.- So "The Creole's Revenge," nn" entirely new and original drama, by Herbert Leslie, Esq., written expressly for La Belle Ame ricaine, was' billed in profusion; Portraits of a beautfnl Creole; with dishevelled hair, and s'upcrnnlurally large eyes, driving a knifc into a man whose arms were, rnised aloft, wero plastered on every available Bpot all through the city. "La Belle Americaine," hnd " The Creole's Re- veDge" were in everybody's mouth. If a cart horse , fell down ' in the streot, before his dying agonies were over ho was covered with posters. Mr Crouch had to pay many fines for disfiguring private proocrty with his bills, bnt he did not mind that. ITeeven paid i'he reporters to givo long Accounts of the notions brought 'against him, nnd to head thera in the paper ns " More Dcsocrn tion." Ho held that advertising, without it wero well done, had better be left alone; and hi would hnve covered' the pulpitR of tho ohurehes and the. public buildings of the city with his bil's if lie dnrcd. Every sent in the circle and stalls of the theatre was taken long in advance of tho first night of the new star's performance in tho new and original drama. A specula or bought up a great many tickets, find disposed of them at a large profit. Single scats were even advertised in tho papers. Mr Crouch, of course, had a grent deal to do with this; but t.hero wns roally a great curiosity to see and hear the famous actress in tho young . dramatist's .first original j p'.ay, Tho opening night . came. The Republican was crowded — densely packed by skilful porsonB engaged to make the most of every sent ; the only unengaged portions of tho place were filled by seven o'clock. Not a moment was lost from tho timo tho doors opened ; one nneeasiug crowd thronged in tillj-'full" was announced nt all parts of the house. Eight o'clock, nnd tho curtain rose. Littlo attention was paid to tho pieco till shortly after i t3- commence-, mout., . La Belle Americaine enmq on, took one glance at the house, , bowed once and waited ; bowed again as a thunder of .ap- plaueo shook the place. Suc'n ohoers I never more cordial were ever accorded to any Woman who went on the stage— cheers, which were. repeated ti':l throats grew hoarse ; and voices tired. , Then 6he gave .. a.. final acknowledgement nnd plunged into her business. She was n beautiful young Creole girl; happy in an illicit love with her young master. How shq acted the part! One /would have thought hor the most imprc-sionable of women ; she revelled in her passion and devotion. Love sparkled in hor cyeB nnd beamed forth with every glouno. Her lover was a planter's son , whose word she took as Gospel. She was his idol— lie her god. He was toying with hor ; sho was lovin-g and bestowing her whole heart on him.? She made liim swear .to love: liev never to change; como what would, they twain wero to be one flesh. How it. brought down thehouso! How tlio gods cheered- and applauded tho noble sentiments of tho loving, trusting girl, abandoning herself to her de stroyer. Her lovo in its depth and magni tude took tho taste of the audience ; followed overy lino. . Then hor role changed. A rival appeared on the scene— not a declared one, but n girl whom .she mistrusted, about whom she had misgivings. The transition from fond, trusting, fancied seenrity. to doubt and mistrast, was grand. It concluded the first act, and as tho curtnin dropped, suoli deafening yells ront tho air ns had never befme heen'heard in tho Republican. It was . raised ngain, nnd disclosed La Bello Ameri caine still in the .same attitude as when it droppei— an attitude of partly despair, partly anger andmisgiving. Again the curtain was. lowered, but the delighted and astonished audience would havo the. woman ns well as tho actress, nnd Fanny hnd to appear from tho sido entrance, led by tho perfidious young planter. Tbon she got another ovation, nnd. bowed hor thanks again and retired to her dressing-Toom. Sho was satisfied now, hor ambition had found a realization ; tho day dreams she had indulged in at the Month had come to pnss, and her triumph wns complete. The cheers and applause that had resounded through the theatre, filled her with delight ; slio knew thby wero dosorved : nnd then she thonght over tho language, the delivery of which had wrought the niidiencn up to an enthusiamsho had never seon equalled. She had fonnd a modern author who realized hor idea of a dramatist — who mado tho conven tionalities of modern life subject to his will ; who, witho 1 1 infringing the rules or distorting the language of the period, made them agents to bring about a truly glorious result. Her newly-discovered genius, she thought, had the keen perception of the older writers, with a perfect knowledge of modern. A little ex- perionee dcvolopo his powers, and the result would bo other " Schools for Scandal," more " Strangers'.' aod Ham'ets." Some time during last night (says the Sydney Echo, of tlio i5kh ins',.), some rosea. . or rascals broke opon no Iqss than five letter . receivers, and, in all probability, took such.1, letters ah they found . in them ; but this is a ; matter which has yet to be docided, as it may-turn out that the sole object of the mis- ' creants was to do wontou mischief and in jury. Tho situations of tho fetter receives which have been opened aro very far removed :, from o.ic'h other by distance. The padlocSa ' have, apparently, resisted all attempts at ' picking, and have been forcibly wrenched; open by the violont application of some '' article of tho crowbar description. So. mud,1 violenco has been used that the strong-brass! work of the locks has been indented in Beye- r.il places. : ' ' CAUTI0N.— "Errs's Cooooa— Geatepoe Ami' Comforting Made simply with boiling w,ter or mdk Each tin lined packet or soldered tin, sofeorod tin Jib and lib, are always to ba labelled for export) to bo ganuine must b laboltod than: — " James Kprs and Co , Ilomce- pitfeic Chemists, 48 Threadnosdlo-streot. and 170 1'icAdtllyjworks. Bus ton Road and Camde London,'! ' ' Kfps's Cocoa — Geatbpde and Cokvobthw,' — By a thorough knowfedao of the natural laws, which govern tho operations of digsstion and fiutrition, and by jl careful a plication cf the nlno propartiaa f well-solooted cocoa, MrEpp has piorided our brakfitsz tallies with a deli cately flavoured ? be'erago wh'ch may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of suoh ar-ioles of diet that a constitution maybe gradually built up until strong enough to resist ovory toudoney to disoaso. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us. ready to attack whorovor thore is a woak poinl. We may esoapi many a fatal shaft by Heaping ottr- solves well fortified, with pure blood and S 1 proporlynourished Irame. — CivilServioe tiaiottej 