A FORSAKEN GARDEN. By A. C. Swinbubke. (FROM thb ATHBN.sum.) In a coign of tho cliff between lowland and high land. At tho sea down's odge botweon windward and leo, "Walled round with rocks ns an inland island, The ghost of a garden fronts tho sea. '.A girdle of brushwood and thorn onclosos The steep square slope of tho bottomless bed, (Where the weods that grow green from tho graves of its roses Now lie dead. The fields fall southward, abrupt and broken, To the low last odge of tho long lone land. If a stop should sound or a word be spoken, Would a ghost not rise at tho strange guest's hand ? So long have tho grey bare walks lain guest- less, Through branches and kriors if a man mnko wny, lie shall find no life but the sea wind's rest less Night and day. ".The dense hard passage is blind and stifiod That crawls by a track nono turn to climb To the strait wasto place that the years have rifled Of all but the thorns that are touchod not of time, Tho thorns lie spares when tho rose is taken ; The rocks are left when he wastes tho plain. .The wind that wanders, the weeds wind-shaken, Those remain. Not a flower to be prest of tho foot that fails not ; As the heart of a dead man the seed plots ore dry ; From tho thicket of thorns whonco tho nightin gale calls not, Could she call, there were never a roso to reply. Over the moadows tbat blossom and wither Rings but tho noto of a sea bird's song ; Qnly the sun and the rain come hither All year long. Tho sun burns sore and the rain dishorols One gaunt bleak blossom of scentless breath. Only the wind here hovers and revels In a round whore life seoms barren as death. Jlore thero was laughing of old, thero was weeping, Ilaply, of lovers nono ever will know, Whoso eyes went seaward a hundred sleeping Years ago. Ilcart hnndfast in heart as they stood, " Look thither," Did he whisper? " Look forth from thefiowors to the sea ; For the foam flowers endure when the roso- blossoms wither, And men that love lightly moy die — but we — " And the same wind Bang and tho same waves whitened, And or over tho garden's laBt petals were shed, In tho lips that had whispered, the eyes that had lightened, Love was dead. Or they loved their life through, and then weDt wbilhor? And were ono to the end — but what end who knows ? Love deep as tho sea ns a rose must wither, As the roso-red seaweed that mockB the rose. \-- Shall the dead take thought for the dead to love thorn ? What love was over as doep as a grave 1 They are loveless now as the grass above them Or tho wave. All are at ono now, roses and lovors, Not known of the cliffs, and the fields, and the sea, Not a breath of the time that has been hovers In the air now soft with a summer to be. . Not a breath shall thero sweoten the seasons hereafter -Of the flowors or the lovers tbat laugh now or weep, ,When as they that aro freo now of wooping and laughter Wo shall sleep. Horo death may deal not again for ever ; Here ohange may come not till change all end. From the graves they have made they shall rise up never, Who have left nought living to ravage and rend. Earth, stones, and thorns of the wild ground growing, Whilo tho sun nnd the rain live, these shall bo ; 1 Till a last wind's breath upon all these blowing Roll tho sea. Till tho slow sea rise and the sheer cliff crumble, Till terrace nnd meadow the deop gulfs drink, .. .Till the. strength of tho waves of the high tides humble .The fields that lessen, the rocks that shrink, Here now in his triumph where all things fnlter, Strotched out on tho spoils that his own banc spread, " As a god self-slnin on his own strange altnr, Death lies dead. 