THE LATE REV. A. M. HEN- DERSON. Special services in memory of the death of the Rev. A M Henderson, late pastor of the Collins-street Independent Church, were held in that place of worship yesterday. In the morning there was a large congregation. The building was draped with black, and most of the worshippers were attired in mourning The Rev. J. S. Waugh (Wesleyan) officiated. The 81st anthem ("Requiem for the Dead in Christ"—Gauntlett) was well sung by the choir Mr. Waugh preached a sermon from Rev. xiv. 13 "And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write, blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth, yea saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours and their works do follow them." At the conclusion the rev. gentleman said:— "It now becomes my duty as briefly as pos- sible to make more particular reference to the Rev A. M. Henderson, your faithful and lamented pastor I do so not to extol him, but to glorify God in him and to illustrate the truths of our text by his conversion, his holy life, and triumphant death, and to comfort ourselves in the conviction that he is at rest from his labours and that his works do follow him. This duty has been devolved on me because, at least in Victoria, I am his oldest ministerial friend. It was a friendship which I always deemed a privilege, which began before he entered the Christian ministry—when he had the dew of his youth upon him, which has lasted unbroken and unruffled throughout his whole ministerial life, and which I hope to renew in heaven. We stood together side by side in our prepara- tory examinations. I heard him, on the solemn occasion of his ordination, 'witness a good confession before many witnesses,' and we knelt together when by holy hands upon our heads we were set apart to serve God in the gospel of His Son. Once he bade me adieu when I was supposed to be at the gates of death, and now, in the provi- dence of God, he is gone, and I am here to pay my loving tribute to his memory. I will pass very rapidly over the outline of Mr. Henderson's career. His loss in early life by the death of both his parents,—the care bestowed upon the orphan boy by a devoted aunt,—his education at a famous school in the town of Monaghan,— the interest taken in him by an aristocratic family of the name of Anketell, to which he was related, his original destination for the ministry of the Established Church in Ireland, and the flattering prospects which seemed in that direction to be before him, are facts which now I can only mention. When be- tween 18 and 19 years of age he became decided for Christ through the instrumen- tality, I believe of the Rev. John Holmes when he experienced the renewing grace of the Holy Ghost. That event in his spiritual life was marked and clear. My own sainted father the Rev. John Waugh, then the super- intendent minister of the circuit, was an early helper of his faith and under his gui- dance having been a local preacher for about 12 months, he entered the Wesleyan ministry in June 1841, in which he continued ten years. He made full proof of his ministry and his profiting appeared unto all. Whether stationed in regular circuits or employed in mission work, when he preached often in streets and markets in the open air, his labours were fruitful in the salvation of souls and in building up the church of God. He was then as ever afterwards a diligent student; his preaching was greatly valued, it was full of matter, and was intensely earnest and was very attractive. He rapidly acquired position and influence among his brethren, as his appointments proved. An important step in his life was when be became an Inde- pendent minister in 1851. Although he had altered views about some principles and de- tails of church government, his views of Christian theology remained substantially the same. He did what he believed to be right, and without any motives of worldly policy. He went away in peace. I can testify how his old companions and friends were grieved to lose him. They had no bitter thoughts of them, nor he of them. Since he settled here some of his early hearers have visited this church and repeated to him and others the story of their conversion in years gone past through his instru- mentality. He still served the same Master and laboured for the same ends. The Lord has blessed him in every sphere of labour since with spiritual success, and with his people's love. His first charge as an Independent minister was in the city of Cork, but his talents and zeal soon brought him into prominence, and he became minister of Claremont Chapel, London. He rapidly acquired influence in his denomination in the great metropolis, from whence, in August, 1865, he came by special invitation, to Victoria. In this step again as in former steps of his life, he acted from the sense of duty, and permitted no in- convenience or difficulty, or sacrifice to turn him aside. One of his chief attractions in coming to this land was the prospect of use- fulness in connexion with your Congrega- tional College and he has been its president ever since and was for some years theological professor. Having spent a few months as pastor of the church in Richmond, he became your minister, occupying the theatre on Sundays from April, 1866 until, by God a blessing on his energy and your liberality and zeal this holy and beautiful house was reared, and opened for God's worship on Sunday, the 25th of August 1867, an event which finds, by an impressive coincidence, its ninth anniversary on this very day when we hold this solemn memorial service in this church with which his name must always he identified. The history of the 10 years in which he has been your minister will be better told to morrow evening. They have been filled up with labour and toil. intermingled at times with sickness and suffering. His interest in your young people generally and especially in your young men; his able lectures in vindication of the truth, his tender solicitude for your souls his man- ner of going in and out before you as your servant for Christ's sake his learned, impres- sive evangelical preaching his genial personal qualities, his blended affability and firmness all united to endear him to you. The poor of Christ's flock were very dear to him and he to them. Now that he is taken from your head you have the comfort of reflecting that you have not to reproach yourselves with any want of duty to him for you have always proved how highly you esteemed him in love for his work's sake. Great is your loss; but fail not, brethren, to carry out the lessons he taught you, 'Considering the end of his conversation; Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and to day and for ever.' His intellectual power, his extensive mental attainments, the facility and accuracy with which he could at any time—and often at a moments notice—bring his knowledge into requisition, the fluency and purity of his style both from lip and pen, his fearless outspokenness on questions of public interest his superiority to everything that was mean or sordid, his pulpit rank and high Christian character, combined to make him a power in this community. He was resolute and daring for what he be- lieved to be the truth he would sacrifice anything but that. His honest convictions he held with unyielding grasp and in their maintenance it may be admitted that he sometimes had the appearance of being severe and impatient of opposition. In controversy his sword had a keen edge. He would have been more than human if he did not sometimes make mistakes but he had withal a sensitive, gentle, generous soul, which often gained even upon his opponents. His character shone, especially in his own home, with the fragrance of pure and undefiled religion. There, in the midst of his family it diffused a lustre which no years can steal away. But I must hasten to the end. He preached his last sermon from this pulpit on 13th September last year, 11 months ago. Then followed three months of complicated illness. Having partially improved, he was persuaded to try for the benefit of his health the effects of a visit to America and Europe. He left for that purpose in December last. The ac- counts received from him from New Zealand and from the United States as he sojourned here and there, encouraged all to hope that he would come back in renovated strength. At length, in June last, he reached the house of his nephew, Mr. Garvin, in Toronto, and on the morning of Friday, the 23rd having fulfilled exactly 35 years in the Christian ministry, ere he had reached his 56th year, his happy spirit found the rest of heaven. Thousands of miles away from home, and from that loved companion in whom his heart did always safely trust his true help- mate in the Lord, with whom for nearly 30 years his path was full of sweetness and light, and from his children, who always clung to him with admiration and love, he found in God's goodness other relatives in a strange land, who with tender and faithful care watched around him to the last. A few short extracts from letters describing the last scenes of his life will fitly close this sketch. The reverend gentleman then read from a letter by the Hon. S. D. Hastings, who was a fellow passenger with Mr. Henderson on his voyage to San Francisco in which the former stated that Mr. Henderson, although quite ill, seemed to forget his own sufferings in his efforts to administer to the relief or comfort of his fellow passengers, and seemed to be a universal favourite amongst them. Mr. Hastings and Mr. Henderson met again in the States, where the latter, it was narrated, made a most favourable impres- sion upon all with whom he came in contact. Then followed extracts from letters from Mr. John Garvin, nephew of the deceased, and his wife, with whom Mr Henderson's last days were passed, telling of the patience and gentle- ness with which he bore his sufferings. Mr. Waugh concluded by reading Mr. Henderson's last message to his congregation as follows:— "To the dear people of my charge whose kindness has enabled me to take this journey, I would say,—Follow God fully, aim at the advancement of His kingdom, above all things keep keep up a holy combination to that end. And to those who have in so many days proved their love, I can only say they have never been off my mind, borne upon my heart before the good Father. And now, praying that all heavenly blessings may rest upon us as a family and church, I would conclude in the language of Paul, not boast- fully, but sincerely—'I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith; henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, shall give me at that day, and not to me only, but unto all them also that love His appearing.'—2 Timothy iv. 7, 8." He sleeps in Jesus. He has gone to his rest and his works do follow him. The "Dead March in Saul" was excellently played by the organist, Mr. David Lee. In the evening the church was crowded to overflowing, and the Rev. S. C. Kent (Con- gregational) conducted the service. He preached from Job vii. 10, "He shall re- turn no more to his house, neither shall his place know him any more. Having pointed out that these pathetic and mournful words, under the circumstances in which the con- gregational was formed, must strike them as exceedingly appropriate. He read various letters in reference to Mr. Henderson's last illness. He then showed how, in Scrip- ture, the word house was used in different senses, one of which was to denote the House of God, and went on to say:—"No one who over heard Mr. Henderson preach could doubt that the sanctuary was his place. He was a born preacher, an able minister of the New Testament, a good minister of Jesus Christ. Frequently during the earliest years of his ministry he preached 14 times in the week. It has been computed that in the 35 years of his public labours he delivered not less than 11,000 sermons. And you know what sermons they were. He did not give you that which cost him nothing. He ever fed the lamps of the sanctuary with beaten oil. The results of much careful study, and close patient thought, were compressed in his dis- courses, so that those who listened to him were favoured above many. While his preaching was highly intellectual, it was at the same time eminently evangelical. The gospel trumpet as blown by him gave no un- certain sound. The cardinal doctrines of grace were plainly, clearly, and forcibly exhibited, and Christ was set forth as all in all. To Mr. Henderson the words of Solomon were applicable—'Through desire a man having separated himself seeketh and intermeddleth with all things,' and no less were the words were the words of Paul applicable, 'God forbid that I should glory,' &c.; When we think of his intellectual ability, his scholarly attainments, his ready utterance, his sound theology, and his fervent piety, we cannot but lament that he will return no more to his house. We do not mourn him, however, as if he had passed out of existence. To die is but to begin to live." 