NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ] £7 SYDNEY, And 22 I \-- The members of our Assembly have en"?joyed once more the luxury of sitting up all night, and, as usual, all for nothing, these nightly sittings being nothing but a mere trial of strength. The matter in bond was not settled, and has to be discussed all over again in fact the struggle was as to whether it should be discussed then or not. The Government's agreement with the Bank of New South Wales expires at the end of June. _v5i. Forster, who had previously removed guilty of the deposits and invested them with other banks, had used expressions that tended to create the belief that he was in favour of dividing the Government account Whether it is due to the fact that Mr. Stuart, who has been so long a director of the Bank of New South Wales, is now Treasurer, or whether it is purely on public and patriotic grounds, certain it is that the agreement with the Bank of New South Wales has been revised and renewed, subject to the disallowance of Parliament. Mr. Robertson, who laid the agreement on the table, gave no notice of any motion in reference thereto, but all the other banks sent in a petition and a protest, and Mr. Dibbs, who is brother to the manager of the Commercial Bank, at once gave notice of a motion disapproving of the agreement. Thereupon Mr. Robertson gave notice that on Wednesday next he would move the House into committee, to consider the agreement Mr. Dibbs, whose motion intercepted supply, and therefore was sure to come on, made his speech, but Mr. Robert son refused to discuss the matter then, first, on the ground that Mr. Stuart, the Treasurer, was absent in Melbourne, where he had gone to see his family off to England, and secondly, because he preferred to take the debate in committee on the Government motion. Mr. Dibbs and his friends, though few in numbers, were strong in bangs, and they talked against time all night, but at 8 o'clock in the morning Mr. Dibbs consented to withdraw his motion, and so the Government has its own way in the matter. The question itself has still to be discussed. We have on the one side the example of Victoria, where the Government works with a coalition of banks, and we are assured that the system works well, and involves very little complication in the accounts. On the other side we have the example of New Zealand, where, in consequence of the jealousy felt towards the Bank of New Zealand, the whole question has lately been subjected to a very severe examination, and with the result of a very decisive approval of the plan of having one bank. We have just had two elections virtually ? due to the same cause, namely, the inter- mixture of honourable members' private affairs with Government,' contracts. Mr. Brown, the member for Hartley, had a contract in the name of his manager to supply the Government with coal. The evidence taken on the subject inevitably unseated him. He did not again contest the electorate, preferring to keep the contract, which the evidence showed to be worth five or six hundred a year. Two ex-members sought to occupy his place. One was Mr. Neale, who had been a member for the city, and the other Mr. Hurley, who first rose to fame as a lucky claimholders at Hill-end, but who has since been shorn of some of his glories in the Insolvent Court The former is the visiting man. The denominationalist party made a feeble effort to show fight, but it is troubled to find respectable candidates. It coquetted for a time with that burning and shining light in the religious world Mr. Walter H. Cooper, and I am assured that the Catholic party was prepared to raise £100 towards his expenses. He hesitated for some time, but finally declined and in default of him, Mr. Harold Stephen, a son of Milner Stephen, and celebrated for unsuccessful journalism, appeared on the field as the champion of the church, but only by his wretched ill-success to make his cause ridiculous. The other election has been at Parramatta, where one of the members (Mr. Taylor, a butcher) was charged with being interested in the contract for meat for some of the Government establishments. Of course he denied it, and courted inquiry; but after the examination had elicited the fact that the nominal contractor bought the meat of Mr. Taylor, had it delivered by Mr. Taylor's men in Mr. Taylor's carts, and that Mr. Taylor received the money from the Government, that gentleman considered it discreet to resign his seat before the committee brought up its report. He was vigorously opposed, but local influence carried the day, and Mr. Taylor is once more an " honourable gentleman." Neither of these exposures has done much to strengthen the public faith in the purity of our political system. The success of the Judicature Act in Eng. land has warmed up Sir Alfred Stephen to pre es on the Government a similar reform in this colony. He submitted some resolutions to that effect to the Legislative Council, and though the House was counted out on them, Mr. Dalley, on behalf of the Government, had agreed to acquiesce in their purport. The only point in dispute was as to whether the matter should be referred to a commission. Sir Alfred is in favour of that course. Sir William Manning, who has been on one 'low reform commission with Sir Alfred, and who knows what it is like what delay it has involved, and how nugatory its results have hitherto been, opposes any repetition of that (experience. He says the Judicature Act is very simple, and can easily be adapted to our wants by one of the Government law officers, and can then be brought before Parliament under the authority of a responsible Minister, and with a fair chance of its being promptly passed into law. The Cooktown rush, although discouraged -by news from the North, still continues, and the steamship owners are making money if the diggers are not We have no gold- field in this colony now which has any great charm for the miner who is in search either of luck or of high wages. Gulgong is half depopulated, and Hill-end is but the ghost of what it once was. Half the tin mines have been standing for want of water, and a good many more have been closed in consequence of the fall in the price of tin. When the tin mania first began here the price of tin in London was £120 a ton; it is now down to £70, and at that price only the very richest mines can afford to pay wages at the rate of £2 10s. a week. As a sample of the collapse that has taken place, I may mention that the Elsmore Tin Mine, which led off the excitement, and which was thought to be an immense fortune for those interested in it, has just been sold off, and the manager is advertising to the shareholders that there is a return of 3d. and a station on each £1 share paid up. Two year- s ago these shares were eagerly bought at VrS itty premium. ~" With the combined attraction of the races and the Exhibition Sydney is now crowded. The devotees of Randwick have had a fine week, and there is every appearance that the weather will hold fine for the Exhibition ; not but what everybody wants rain as soon as the Exhibition is over, for what little we had only whetted our appetite. The Government negotiations with Mr. Lindley, the English hydraulic engineer, are, I hear, nearly completed. He in to have, I am told, his expenses paid out and home, is to stay not less than six months in the colony, and to have a salary at the rate of £3,000 a year for the time he stays. If he proves to be really a first-class man, and Bettles this water question for us in a satisfactory way, he will he cheap at the money. The French Consul, who is also the acting Italian Consul, has been trying to see what can he done in Sydney in the way of assist- ing Immigration from Italy, but the meeting he called to discuss the matter was very thinly attended, and was adjourned in the hope of finding a larger audience. Signor D'Albertis, who was present, said that if the Italian cultivators were located on our Blue Mountains as small freeholders they would change the face of the country. But he did not think they would come out simply to work for wages as a permanency, nor would the Italian girls come out as the Irish girls do. to take domestic service. It was suggested at the meeting by Sir Alfred Stephen, who was in r a chair, that the Agreements Validating Act, which has just been passed, might be applied very successfully to promote immigration from the continent of Europe. Signor D'Albertis left on Thursday, bound for New Guinea, His original design has been somewhat modified. His first purpose was to ascend the Fly River in the steam launch, then to send it back, and proceed overland. His present intention, however, is to take the steam launch as far up the river as he can, then to return with it to Somerset, and having so far settled the navigation part of the exploration, to deliver up the launch, and return with boats equipped for repeating the ascent of the river, and then go forward with the land journey. If he carries out this idea, we may expect in two or three months to hear all that is to be known about the river navigation, 