AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE . , , ,. ROYAL.—Dr. Silvester may con*" giatulate himself on the fact that as his admirable entertainment becomes better known it is also more widely appreciated, which is mora than can be said for most of the public performances with which amusement-seekers haveto put up now - a - days. On Monday tho Fakir s first change of programme was welcomed: by a really excellent house, the box attendance being again an improvement on that of former evenings. If matters thus continue to improve, the result must shortly be a scarcity of accommodation for the would-be visitors. The new portions were first a " select parlour entertainment"—we quote the bills—by Mr. and Mrs. Empson, the seledness of which was not startling nor even very striking. The same performers manifested a great improvement in their second effort. Mrs. Empson first gave an excellent imitation of Maggie Moore's "His fader keeps a brewery" in character which, if it fell a trifle short of the original in archness, was an improvement from a musical standpoint, as Mrs. Empson's voice far excels that of Mrs. Williamson. Mrs. Empson was wudly applauded, and for an encore gave "The Flower Girl," a patriotic ballad witn a pretty catching air, in which she displays the floral emblems of England, Ireland, and Scotland. Ihe song was received with thundere of applause. The more we see of this lady the more we are assured that with her natui al advan-, tBges—-a good presence, expressive face, a mutical voice, and considerable hbt-.onic and mimetic talent—she would succeed so. a more legitimate line of business than that of a musichall vocalist. Mr. Empson followed with a burlesque song, in which he exhibited the national food of the three countries—roast beef, potatoes, and porridge. The trifle had, at least, the merit that it was humorous. As an encore he sang, in character, the pseudo - Chinese song first introduced, if we mistake not, by Barlow, of " Blue-tail fly" celebrity. Madame Silvester's charming voice was heard again to great advantage in the beautiful song "Tell me, my heart," and she was greeted at its termination with the tokens of approbation which she merited. The great event of the evening was the introduction of what is commonly known as Pepper's Ghost illusion, but which is claimed by Dr. Silvester in. his advertisements as his original invention and property. _" The ghost"—who ever maj be the inventor—is without question the most wonderful and most scientific of etage effects. A figure is produced on the open stage, which is perfect in all parts, and which speaks and acts te the living performer, but which can yet ,be slashed through with a sword, and even walked through in full view of the «Adience. It also fades out of sight and grows plainer again without any perceptible agency. Dr. Silvester has employed Mr. Garnet Walsh, of Melbourne, to write him a sketchy drama iu order to _ illustrate the effect. The various spirits which are seen are supposed to appeaf to a young officer who for a bet of £500 has agreed to deep in a haunted room. Monday was a first night, and as is always to be expected there were a few little hitches, but none at which the spectators h»d much cause to complain. Doubtless the Fakir, with his usual care in these matters, will sue that the ghost walks perfectly on succeeding nights. We again cordially recommend those in search of a full evening's entertainment to pay a visit to The of Oolu, with the assurance that they will be disappointed with the fare presented. NORTH ADELAIDE YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY,,— end of the seventeenth session of this Asso-' ciation was celebrated by an entertainment in. Lecture Hall, Brougham-place, on Monday evening, December 4. %The President, the Rev. Jefferis, LL.B., presided, and as usual there a large attendance. The Chairman, in a remarks, referred to the continued existence and vitality of the Society, and to the advan-, tages of such''Associations when properly con-< The programme comprised an excellent of duets, songs, and glees, combined with several^ readings and recitations. The division was rendered by several lady friends and Messrs. J. W. Daniel, W. J. Back, and H. Turner ; while the literary portion was furnished by Messrs. H. T. Fry, J. T, Fitch, R, ' Whinham, F. Johnson, A. H. Neale, and B. Brookman. Special mention deserves to be made of the successful efforts of the two lady friends in the du6ts, and they were deservedlyrewarded for their endeavours to please and* entertain. Much amusement was created bv Mn J. Andersen's humorous reading descriptive oi a night spent by a young father in nursing th<r baby in the absence of its mother. The audience were not sparing in their thanks to each and all of the performers. It was certainly one of the _most enjoyable entertainments ye; given by this energetic Society, and was a fittinp termination to a most successful year in its history. 4 ENTERTAINMENT AT PORT ADELAIDE.—Thers was an excellent house to witness a performance given by the Port Adelaide Amateur Christys at the local Town Hall, on Monday nighL l ecember 4, for tho benefit of the Queen an! Albert Oval Cricketing Association. The pit gramme, which contained a good selection <£ pieces, consisted of the usual variety of song;, music and dances, and concluded with aSu^^X lesque called " Mesmeric Seance, or the Dootcr ' Outdone." The company were successful in pleasing and amusing the audience, who frequently repeated their applause. THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS.—The private seance which was to have taken plase last evening at the Town Hall Exchange Room wis postponed to a future date. THE DAVENPORTS AT KAPUNDA.—On Satufdsy * evening, December 2, the Davenport Brothes gave one of their entertainments at the Institufe Hall to a large audience. The two gentlemen who were elected from the audience to act asa Committee and inspect the cabinet were Mr. f. Coles, MP., and Mr. J. White, MP., the later being invited to visit Professor Fay and Mr. T. Davenport in his cabinet. This created sose little amusement, for in less than a minute Is was distinctly heard calling, " Will eoifbody let me out? Let me out!" In re^ly te received several kind, salutations from to audience. He, however, had to remain unl! - the doors were opened, when he appeared wit! a tambourineroundhisceck, and on landing himslf safely on the stage declared he would never into that place again. The ventriloquism of to. Davies and his puppets created considerate amusement and was highly applauded, alsa Fpfessor Fay's seance. 