VICTORIA. r [Iftoxn our own Correspondent. J Melbourne, Tuesday, August 8. j The debate on the Budget was pro ceediiig satisfactorily last week, when it ?wm brought to an untimely stop at the beginning of Thursday evening's sitting by the sudden and unexpected apparition of a want-of-confidence motion from the Opposition Corner. All practical busi ness will now be held over till this ghost Is .Sir James McCnlloch was at first inclined to treat the matter as rather a joke than otherwise, as the motion was moved by a hitherto insignificant member, Mr James, who represents Ballarat East. It was only upon Mr. Berry undertaking to father the resolution, and adopt it as {he property of the Opposition, that the Government decided to seriously accept It, and. to adjourn the House for its full discussion this week. The resolution reads as follows :-" That the Committee express regret that no provision has been made for judicious and systematic re trenchment in the cost of government, and that no proposal has been sub mitted for a revision of the inci dence of taxation, for the imposition of ft land tax, and the repeal of certain duties of Customs." It is quite true that regret is felt that these important matters are not to be dealt with; but the Stonewallers them \- selves axe answerable for the fact that the present House has earned the character of being incompetent to deal with them. That anything but windy talk and waste of time will result from Mr. James's ill timed action not even the most sanguine of the Berryites can imagine." True, Mr. . Servioe has denounced the Treasurer as a ? " dodger, juggler, and prevaricator and Mr. Casey in melodramatic style has washed his hands of the Government; but even if they both joined with Mr. Berry the combination would still be in a hope less minority. At a banquet held at Ialy dale Sir James McCulloch let it be known that he and his colleagues have not the slightest fear as to the results. A plain country member is Baid to have remarked-"Whenever these Treasurers get up they talk at one another like a -parcel of schoolboys." As on previous ocoasbms, the financial debate resolved itself into a quadrangular duel between the Treasurer and ex-Treasurers. Mr. Berry and Mr. Service jumped heavily on Sir James, and they were in 'turn roughly handled by Sir. Langton, ably seconded by Mr. Murray Smith, the clear-headed free-trade member, and pos sible Treasurer in futuro. Mr. Berry's charge fell decidedly fiat, as he had nothing new to add to his usual " swearing at large" at the occupants of the Treasury bench-a dish to which we have already been treated ad nauseam. He grew eloquent as to Sir James McCulloch's omissions, and drew a picture ! in contrast of what his own team would have done had they been allowed- to remain in office-how the Customs duties would have been revised, a land tax intro duced, the Civil Service reformed, the wharfage rates remitted, and everything happily settled. No hon. member was -observed to weep over this touching vision . -of what might have been. The improved state of the finances Mr. Berry attributes to the increased land sales and the . improved railway revenue, and he charged the Treasurer with having cooked the accounts so as to bring out his balance on the 30th June. His prophecy for the . current year is a debit balance of £289.000, but it is consoling to find that he at the. \- same time believes that the colony is to be congratulated on the present highly satisfactory state of its aflairs. Mr. Service's fierce attack made consi derably more sensation in the House He ; began ominiously by saying that what he was about to say was to be taken in a . strictly political sense. After which, he indulged in particularly warm language, > charging the Treasurer with having pre sented a false finance sheet and with having falsified the permanent records of the House. The public are astounded 1 that so able and experienced a politician as Mr. Service should make such serious ? dharges against a man like Sir James McCulloch, who, whatever mistakes he may have made, has fmnly established his ? character for sterling honesty and up rightness. And it turns out that after all it is a storm-in-a-teacup quarrel over a mere question of bookkeeping. Mr. Service's complaint is that it was only 'by taking credit for recoups not yet actually received that the Treasurer managed to show a surplus on the 30th of June-that is, he had represented sums as actually received when they had not been received. Mr. Service claimed that in making his own finance statement in July last he had counted not one penny but the money in cash in the Treasury, and that though at that time he had the same assets available by recoups, £134,000, he did not take credit for it, but put down the amount as assets for the following year. Instead of this the Treasurer had paid out of the Treasury £160,000 more than he had in it by bor rowing from other moneys and trust funds in his possession, but for which he would have had to show a deficiency of £160,000. He asserted that the Audit Commissioners will not pass the state ment, and that the Treasurer had either unmistakably blundered or, as he was .evidently more inclined to think, delibe rately attempted to deceive. The exact ;point in regard to the recoups is ?not very clear to ordinary unfinancial minds, and Mr. Service illus trated it by fairing the case -of a man who has £500 a year; he is owed £50, and on the strength of this incurs liabilities for the year to the extent of £550, and at the end of the period puts ^fown his assets as £550, including his salary and the loan, although the loan at that date had not actually been returned: that is, instead of acknowledging the deficit and putting down the £50 as a probable asset for the following year. Mr. Langton, who is mainly respon sible for the present method of keeping the public accounts, took up the cudgels for the Government, and dealt Mr. Ser vice some very hard knocks. He con sidered the language used as to dodgery, jugglery, &c.;, altogether unworthy of Mr. Service, and an absurd exaggeration of the facts. Mr. Langton showed that under the present system Parliament entrusts the Government with only sufficient supjilies for the expenditure of the year, and requires an exact account of the moneys the Government lias received and expended before it votes any more for the year following. There could thus not possibly be any falsification, or deception, because the accounts showed on the face of them what had been received and what were available assets as good as money, though not yet received. This applied to the item " recoups yet to be received.1' He put it that the moneys were either received before June 30, or they were not. If they were not they were assets just as good as those pieces of paper which Banks showed to Auditors as received from the clearing-house, which were not sovereigns, but vouchers for the existence of sovereigns in some strong-box in the city, and which were always received as such. Mr. Murray Smith followed in the same strain, giving the opinion that a more unfounded charge of disingenuons ness was never made in the House, anl that if ever-a financial statement deserved the title oflucid and straightforward the one last made by the Treasurer did. It will be seen that the whole thing resolves itself into a personal tilt between the crack financiers, and the encounter, though interesting to the onlookers, is not likely to affect the passing of the Budget as presented by Sir James McCulloch. Some of the small-fry Bills have been set going. Mr. Service's Bills of Sale measure has passed its second reading "with little or no discussion. Mr. Casey's measure to repeal the Payment of Mem bers Act been read a first time. An iinnmial number of private Bills are being brought forward, and members complain that scanty consideration and too little time are given for forwarding these. The Melbourne Benevolent Asylum have a Bill aglrfng for power to sell their present buildings and land. The others include two Gas Companies, who seek extension of their powers; the Colonial Bank, in regard to incorporation; and the Austra lian Dramatic and Musical Association, as to establishing and regulating their permanent funds. The severe punishment meted out to Mr. McKean has not had the effect of .making a martyr or hero of him. His own constituents share in the healthy public opinion on his case. Having decided to keep out of the political arena himself he modestly telegraphed to Gipps land that he wished his friend F. L. Smyth elected, and that the latter would " keep the Liberal interest together" till such time as their beloved McKean should return to them. Gippsland bluntly replied that they would have neither himself nor his friend, and that his own fate "served him right." It is now certain that Sir Charles Duffy will be seen once more in the House. The glowing picture he drew when Premier of Gippsland and its need of a railway has borne fruit, and without going near the district or making a single election speech he will be returned. Even those who differ from him will be glad to welcome him back-as a thoroughly able man, and there is the additional minor advantage that the country will save £300 a year, as Sir Charles will not draw that in addition to the £1,000 pension he at present receives. The news of the foundering of the Eastern and Australasian Mail Service Company's steamship Queensland created an immense sensation in the city. For a time there it was feared that lives had been lost. It is felt to be a most provi dential thing that the weather was bo calm at the time of the disaster. Any one can see from the frightful damage to the Barrabool that she could not have lived in a rough sea. Over 20,000 per sons visited the wharf on Sunday to inspect her. It is evident that the only thing that saved her was the wise pro vision of watertight compartments. Great regret is felt at the fate of the Queens land. She was one of the grandest vessels that has ever visited these waters, and made one of the fastest rims on record from China to Sydney. Luckily for the Insurance Companies, she had just before ' safely landed her cargo of 2,500 tons of tea in Melbourne. The Captain of the Queensland is highly commended for his presence of mind in the trying emer gency. It is marvellous that there should have been only one life lost out of the 107 crew and 17 passengers. The Chinamen and Malays looked a very ragged and forlorn lot on landing; they had managed to save about a suit of clothes between three. The passengers lost everthing one of them a desk with 140 sovereigns in it, which he vainly tried to rescue-and they and the crew are most to be pitied, as they will get no insurance money. It was remarkable that this heavy disaster should have happened in connection with our port just at the time we were con gratulating ourselves that we had escaped the accidents that have been so frequent of late on the South Australian and Kew South Wales coasts. Only second in interest to the above was the telegraphic intelligence of the death of the Rev. AnketellM. Henderson. His trip through America had been reported to have been beneficial, so that the news of the fatal termination of his illness caused a great shock amongst his people. His loss will be greatly felt by the Independent body here. They will have lost three leading men within a few months. Mr. Henderson has left behind him a lasting monument in .the stately Collins-street Church, erected during his successful pastorate. That he was a man of great power is acknowledged on all hands, and he is no less famous for his library of 7,000 volumes than for his wonderful capacity for devouring and re producing with effect its contents. He was loved and respected by his own church, but there is not the strong feeling amongst the people generally that there might have been had the deceased cared to use the opportunities he had of gaining their sympathies. For some reason, whether constitutional or con scientious, he always appeared to prefer to take exactly the opposite course. This will explain the fact that the Press notices, while laudatory, are rather flavoured with de mortuis nil nisi bonum. The Argus says: " Mr. Henderson, like all "men who have lived in the public eye, had conspicuous faults; but no one who knew him i thoroughly denied his great talent, his zeal, and his power of influencing those about him. He will be much missed, and it will not be easy to find a successor who can so entirely suit the liking of the large congregation to which he ministered. His style was not only earnest and forcible, but his extensive reading gave him an advantage in illustration of which he made excellent use. But he was a i man of strong will, and had a somewhat despotic manner of asserting it, so that, | with no doubt the best intentions and most praiseworthy purposes, he sometimes made enemies whom a little tact might . have converted into friends. His im pulsive habits, too, sometimes led him into conflicts with the Press, which might also, by a less aggressive manner, i have been advantageously conciliated." j There are many here who would be glad ? to see the Rev. Mr. Jefferis as Mr. Hen I derson's successor. I have heard it re . marked that if asked he will not be proof ! against the tempting offer of the leading I Congregational position here. The Church ! has not yet met to decide what steps will be taken in regard to the future. ! We are still being kept in a lively state j of uncertainty as to the coming English i cricketers. We are no sooner settled by j an "authoritative" statement from the ; one side than we are upset by a still more authoritative announcement from the pro | jectors of the rival team. Mr. Pickersgill : announced last week that Mr. G. F. i Grace has telegraphed to say that he has : got his men together, to the confusion of , the arrangements made by Lillywhite. ; Mr. Bennett, the agent for the latter, ! meets this by stoutly declaring this week I " that the names recently published, with i Lillywhite as captain, will comprise the ! team that positively leaves England next i month to carry out the numerous match j arrangements I have entered into as their j agent, notwithstanding any contradictions i or alterations." The truth has got mixed ? up somewhere, and owing to the break in I the cable we shall hardly know which is : which till the men themselves have reached us. . Melbourne, Ahgust 15. The week past has lwen angularly devoid of interest-political or} otherwise. The no-confidence motion h** absorbed another'week, and we are not through with it yet. It has produced no scenes, and the worst to be said of it is that it seems to have flattened down everything to itsown deplorably dull leveL After listening to the dreary debate one can easily come to the same conclusion as "Vagabond," the sensation writer for the Argus, and who having " done" the Lunatic Asylum is now turning liin attention to the House. He appears, to have had large experience in America, France, and at home, and hi« opinion of our legislators is-"Of oratory in the House there is certainly none-not even Parliamentary oratory." Mr. James, the mover of the resolution, let the fact-leak out that the Opposition have no hope that they will secure a majority, and in the face of this the object in moving it was explained to be that the people outside may see how parties stand in the House in the event of the Oppo sition not sucoeeding in forcing a dissolution. It was also to be gathered from his remarks that we have not yet had the last of the wretched stonewall business-" So far as the business before the House was concerned, the session might as well be brought to a conclusion directly the division on this motion had taken place." In reply to this Sir James McCulloch intimated that he would be quite equal to the occasion-that the Government knew by what means to prevent obstruction, and that after he had got the decision of the House on this question he would not be obstructed further-a vision of the hated iron-hand. The railway question was dragged in by the cars; and Mr. Woods, evidently writhing under the scoffing at his lowered tariff, railed at large for two hours at the officials in the Railway Department. He charged them with having administered his tariff in a hostile manner, with a view of keeping down the receipts, and charac terized the report recently furnished to the Minister as " the most unblushingly mendacious one" ever submitted to Parliament and the public. The House is apparently disinclined to accept the hon. member as the great regenerator of rail ways, and all his wild charges melted into thin air at the touch of the Minister of Railways, who disposed of them in a short i and effective speech. Amongst other! points he showed that £10,000 increase for carriage of firewood, for which Mr. ' "Woods had taken great credit to himself, had as a matter of fact been received under the old rates. He repeated that under the reduced tariff the gross loss might be stated in round numbers at £120,000. Mr. Patterson, one of Mr. Berry's Ministers, indicated in his speech that he has some desire to forsake the stonewall division. Considering the ground he took and the company he kept last session it was a significant event to hear the declaration that he is not in the House for party purposes, and that if the Government will propose liberal mea sures he will give them his hearty sup port. The remaining Opposition speeches were little more than re-echoes of the attacks alre&dy; made on the * financial statement and upon the political career of the Premier. On this hist Mr. Wrixon made a good point in suggesting that if the members of the Opposition after twenty years of political life had as little to answer for as the Premier they might1 look forward to a fortunate and prosperous career. Another feature to be noticed was that even on the Ministerial side there appears to be a strong feeling that it will be better to do no more than pass the Electoral Bill and dissolve immediately; after. At the risk of being, again called dumb dogs the Ministry are adopting the wise course of as far as possible refraining from joining in the discussion. Sir James McCulloch was unusually happy and forcible in his remarks. He stated that he had been informed that the whole of the Opposition were in his pay, so calcu lated were their present tactics to indefi nitely prolong his Government's tenure of office. 3e brought down the House at the expense of Major Smith. He was commenting on the latter's extravagant talk last session about standing on the floor of the House until he dropped rather than let any measures pass. The "Major" interjected, "Oh, I was only jokingto which Sir James sternly re-1 torted, " I believe the hon. member's' whole life is a joke." As to the Govern- i ment not now proposing any taxation1 measures, he showed the inconsistency of : the Opposition clamouring after they have so often declared that the present Parliament is incompetent to deal with ? the subject. The division will be taken to-night, after which an attempt will be made to settle down for a time to regular j work. Mr. Bosisto, the respected member for ? Richmond, has brought in a Tather im portant Bill to deal with the question of pharmacy. Mr. Bosisto is himself a chemist, and has made his name known in other countries by his discoveries in connection with eucalyptus oils. As we | have a perfect curriculum of study for' colonial-made doctors he contends that we ought to have some guarantee as to the fitness of the chemists who dispense the prescriptions of the MD.'s. The Bill provides that all pharmacists shall undergo severe exami nations before receiving the certificate of a master in pharmacy, as in the United Kingdom. A Board of Pharmacy would be established, and the examinations would have special reference to the vege tarian products of the colony, the hope being that under the measure a body of young men would be educated who would greatly benefit not only medical science, but the utilitarian and industrial products , of the colony. The object is no doubt an 1 admirable one, and in order that the views of the chemists as a body may be repre sented the measure has been referred to a Select Committee. fou at a distance will be wondering \ what has become of the great Stevenson case. The references to it in the House have been of the mildest character, and the most singular thing is that here on the spot no one appears able to discover exactly what has become of it alL There were rumours a little while ago that both sides had made it up and come to a friendly compromise. This is now denied, and the j delay and quiescence are explained to arise from the fact that the Government have been waiting for the Magistrates to state the cases for the Supreme Court. The time for this as regards the flannels has gone by, and unless the necessary steps are taken before September the glove case will also go by default. In the meantime the Government still hold possession of about £500 worth of goods and two hundred invoices. Sir. Stevenson appears ; j to be taking advantage of the fact that he i is not obliged to hurry with his actions, j The first of these, it is now stated, will j come on in October. A singular fatality has of late attended the efforts of the Crown as a prosecutor. After all the outcry and the fresh legislation that followed, it seems that the almond-eyed Fan-tan-ists are to be allowed to wriggle through the harrow specially prepared for their extermination. Under the Police Offences Statute the Chinese lotteiy J holders were ordered by the City Police 1 Court to pay a fine of £25, or to go to gaol ! for six months. John appealed to the 7 :-; ;- -:-7 ~-;-- r-r TiighM1 Court, and for the present has escaped; The only consolation is that the miscarriage arose not from any iaoltof tihe Act, bat from a want of care in the C)rown Solicitor's office In the preparation of the documents relating to the case. The Barrabool is now laid bare in the dock preliminary to undergoing repairs. Thousands of people have been to see her,. and in order to raise a fund for the ship wrecked sailors the plan has been adopted of making a small charge for admittance. Those who have seen her on the stocks are more than ever impressed that it was something like a miracle that she should have managed to keep afloat and get safely into port. The decision of the Steam Navigation Board throws the whole blame of the accident on the surviving steamer. The evidence was clear that the Queensland's lights were visible, and that the look-out Tnan on the Barrabool did not report them. The chief blame falls upon the second officer, Mr. Ainsworth, whose certificate has been cancelled. Considering the number of lives and the valuable property, it is felt that a still heavier punishment is demanded, and he is to be prosecuted under the Merchants Shipping Act, which provides that euch neglect of duty as he is proved to have been guilty of shall constitute a mis demeanour. The consequences to the Barrabool owners will be serious, as owing to the decision of the Board they will have to pay about £12,000, of "which amount three-fourths will fall upon her insurers and a fourth upon the owners. "What stern irony in the fact that the auctioneer, after a lot of haggling, secured £7 for the hull of the splendid sunken steamer Queensland. "Very opportunely, this week the philanthropists of Melbourne have turned their attention to the class who do business on the great deep. Under most favourable auspices a Ship wreck Belief Association has been esta blished. The distinguished foreigner Signor Bruno, who was to have peopled the land with silkworms and a smiling Italian peasantry, has come to double grief. The Board appointed to enquire into the cir cumstances of his occupancy of 5,000 acreB of land had barely done sitting upon the Chevalier when the sheriffs were upon him. The elaborate recommenda tions as to how he should be let down gently in regard to the future had all to be withdrawn just as the report was being framed, as the subject of it kindly cut the ; Gordian knot by selling off all his' movable property to satisfy a writ for payment of two heavy bills. All the bother will therefore be over, as the land will now lapse back into the hands of the : Crown, together with all the permanentj improvements upon it. Under these cir cumstances the report of the Board will only attract notice on the score of its' containing a strong censure of the then j Minister, Mr. Casey, for having,.as they alleged, granted land worth as much as ! £10,000 not according to law, but solely on his own personal ukase, and on the mere promise of a foreigner 'with a high-sounding name that he | intended to use it for sericultural pur- ' poses. The Board further give the opinion that "thepower of granting or' withholding Crown lands, or of varying j the terms of a licence at the discretion of a Minister, is inexpedient and dangerous." The whole question hinges on that- to what extent the "discretion" of the Minister of the day is to go. The report will bring on a warm discussion in the House, and Mr. Casey has no fear but that he will be able to justify his acts and to show that in any case no loss to the Crown could have ensued in the Bruno case. On Friday evening the newly-formed Free Trade Association held a successful soiree. If not quite so crowded as the Stonewall tea meetings it was at any rate something extensive compared with what the Freetraders have been content with in the past, and the speeches delivered were decidedly above the average. The Secretary, Mr. Colin Campbell, ML.A., read the report of the Provisional Committee; which gave sin account of the work done as yet in the direction of publications and lectures. The aim was stated, to be to appeal notrso much to the force of crowded numbers but to the ultimate source of all power-an enlightened public opinion. The English Anti-Corn Law League is to ! be taken as a model, and was referred to as having caused in Great Britain the remission of taxes upon upwards of 1,000 articles to an amount of thirteen millions of annual charge. " If this model is ap proved, it follows that our League cannot j have too much publicity, so as to reach the people, and can have no occasion for ; secrecy where its objects are constitutional, and the agency employed is such as honourable men may freely use. In 1864 we had such a tariff as England now enjoys. In aiming at a return to this tariff, our steps may be gradual and cautious in extricating ourselves from our present entanglement; but we are bound never to lose sight of the principle that revenue should be raised as revenue from all, for all, and through all, to the exclusion of all selfish interests, until the victory is achieved, and Victoria is restored to that place among the colonies which she is now in danger of losing." Mr. Murray Smith, Sir. McDermott, and Mr. Langton were amongst the speakers, and the remarks of all were received with great en thusiasm. The last is the acknow ledged leader of the Free Trade in terest In showing the evil effects of protection, he gave the following easily understood illustration : - "At presen* there were no moleskin trousers imported to this colony, although they were con sumed or made in the colony. Moleskin , in the piece was not liable to duty at all, and consequently the Treasurer got nothing from it. If, however, ready made moleskins were imported there would be a duty of 22i per cent, on its cost, but as they were not imported the Treasury gained nothing, while every one purchasing moleskin trousers paid Is. 6d. more in the retail price than would be the case but for this arrangement. Well, how many people were employed in the industry of making moleskin trousers ? 350 women and girls, who earned from 15s. to 17s. 6d. per week-not very high wages in this colony-not nearly so much as they could earn in domestic service when the matter of board and lodging was taken into consideration. Well, there were about 150,000 pairs of i moleskin trousers used in this colony ] every year, which, at Is. 6<L per pair j more than the natural price, meant that j the wearers of moleskins paid, as their J contribution to these 350 women and girls, £11.250 per annum, equal to £32 per head for every woman and girl employed in the trade, and this although these women and girls did not get as high wages as if they were in an unprotected industry, or if the trade they now fol lowed were left without any protection. This blackmail was consequently no benefit to these women or girls, or to the community at large." The Royal Society of Victoria cele brated its nineteenth session by a largely attended conversazione. Mr. Ellery, the President, delivered the annual address, in which he showed that interesting work has been done by the members during the year. Mr. Ellery is also Chief Astrono mer, and gave some noteworthy details of TUB late ' trip to England,' chiefly In regard to recent astronomical discoveries. Amongst other points, life mentioned that the approximate results of the transit of Venus go to show that the son's distance is somewhere between 91,580,000 and 91,240,000 miles. That very interesting, institution, the Melbourne Hospital for Sick Children, has entered upon its eighth: year, and is shown by the last annual report to be making good progress. Buildings and land have been purchased (the late residence of Sir Redmond Barry) at a cost of £10,000. During the year 88 in-patients were treated and 2,587 oat- patients, the total number-of attendances being given as 7,108. "What with the Kew Asylum Board,, which seems fated to go on sitting for ever, and the effusions of " Vagabond," the public mind has been kept on the alert as to our insane. The Injector, General of Asylums has just furnished his quota in his report for the year 1875. The statistics show that at the end of the year there were 2,557 lunatic patients in the colony, being an increase of 99 on the year before. Of these 1,696> are retained in the Kew and Yarra Bend Asylums. In 1868 the proportion of insane sent to public asylums was 1 in 1,350 of the population. Last year it was 1 in 1,427, showing a satisfactory decrease in the ratio. The report makes important recommendations-one, that separate pro- | vision should be made for criminal lunatics; another, that there should be a separate small asylum ibr idiot children, of whom there are now 54 in the several asylums; and finally the report advocates the initiation in a practical way of the system of boarding out patients, following the plan adopted in boarding-out the children in the Indus trial Schools. On this point the report says:-" Many inhabitants of asylums who have approached but have not quite reached recovery are much aided in per fecting their convalescence by removal from the associations and surroundings of a hospital for the insane to the privacy and domesticity of their homes, the cure panionship of their relations and friends, and the habits of their previous lives and occupations." 