fLIEDl TIMES JIM NE~IFZEALAND.. The following is an extract from an amus lig letter written by a gentleman well knowvn ass the; Geelong Press to a resident of this town, dated New Zealand, Mlay 22nd':--" I promisesdwshen .I left Geelong that when I had asi opportunity I shofild write to you, annd thlst psrosnise it is now my intention to keep. iSince my arrival at Port Chalmers my career has been a somewhsat chequered oneo; dlull; :dismal clouds .lowering, but I suppost the brilliant sunshine lurks behind. Dounedin, the commcrcial metropolis of New Zcalansl piovel a disappointment; its press belonged to a cha-med circle; it was the exclusiyeproperty of a Press Club, and there was no: opening, not thle ghost of a loop-hole, for a Victrians interloper like mse. 1 sought other essploymenet-behind tise counter and tlhebaslbut was doomed to disappointmont. One of the reliable (?) organs of public opinion truiiipeted 'forthl the praises of a labor agent, and declared there was lots of work for those who would adapt themselves to circdmstances. I paid mse fe,, anl lIsng shout the steps of the agent's office until my toes ?;crc crassped assd my patience ex hansted. A few days before Amas, with half- a-crown--tle rcsn'sins of my ample fortassc-I started on the wallaby track. I depositbd my'nem orable black bell-topper onder a nmnuoka' tree, abasidoncd my paper collar, and dressed. myself as a new chsm. FPbs alsout a week I encositered the most delightful priratiosns isnaginable! Travel ling sn scasst fare and" roosting at night where'er I coisfd 'tind shelter. At the end of that period-sone of tise Isappiest in my life--I found sisyself over a lssndrcd miles on myway, at a place called Papaasu, with si skinned nose and blistered toes, asid my elastic-sides worn to the verge of desperation. The Proyineial Goverornent of Otago were at this place engaged rectifying the absurdi of a tramway made some ssonths previously by a'pet contractor and passed-as perfect by the obsequious officers of the department. I applied for esoployment, and two days afterwards commenced a brief career with pick assd shovel on the Awsamoka railvay. To tell yn all omy experiences in my new capacity would boa long, even if interesting, tale. You will probably conceive some of soy pleasuires, how I massofactured "palmns oil and patent blisters. I boarded at an hotel and slept in the" "dead-housed," a place fitted up with bunks, just as on board of a steamer. C For some time I have bees engaged with a survey party, and I am just beginning to get on my legs and save, a little money. I never was in better health or condition; bat, as usual, I as not at all constented. I have lots of· exercise, travel ling on the-average 20 siles daily over roughs ground and hilly country. There are three of us and a cbokn. We live well; and have lots of fresh air I By-and-bye, I sup pose I shall be a J?ck-df-all-trdes. Some of these odd d'ays'I will write yosr more fully, and give you a bhtte? account of thisi highly taxed aisd much indebted country." -A deestiser. 