CITY CORRESPONDENCE. [From our own Correspondent.] Adelaide, December 4. l&IG.; The case'of Hegina ®. Smith has at ieiigth. come to an issue, tbougli it is by no means clear that it has come to an end. The defendant occupied the whole of Wednesday with his address, and every one who heard it confesses it was tedious and wearisome to a degree—in fact many lawyers think he injured hie case by taking it into his own hands. If he had retained Mr. Pater or some such brilliant speaker to have addressed the Bench on bis behalf be might have fared better. A physician does not always know bow to cure fiimself; neither does a lawyer always know bow bpst. to conduct his own ease. The whole of the Wednesday having been occupied in Mi-. Smith's review of the case the Court decided to defer judgment liutil the following day. Accordingly on Thursday morning there was a strong array of the legal talent, together with a large assem ' blage of~ citizens who took an interest in the case. Mr. Justice Stow replied to the points which had been raised. He said the Court could not postpone .their sentence until after the result of the petition for leave to appeal was known, because it was a precedent they did not wish to estsb]it<b> and moreover it was in their opinion a meritorious case. They also agreed with the Jury iii thinking that the second letter was ac tuated by spite and ill-will, and not by a bona fide desire to discuss, a public question in a bona fide way. Mr. G-wynne then, as senior Puisne Judge, delivered the judgment of the Court. He carefully reviewed the evidence, and the letters which formed the subject of the libel, which he characterized as exceedingly foal. He wound up by sentencing tbe defendant to a fine of £100 with six months' imprisonment in Her Majesty's Gaol. It is understood that a petition iB in course of signature, praying the Governor to release Mr. Smith from prison, on the ground that the state. ments in the letters were merely repetitions of the rumours that were curivut, and tliat the writer was not actuated by malicious motives. There is no doabt that the memorial will be freely signed, but whether it will have the effect intended is^another matter. Whatever the re sult may be there is little question that. Mr. Smith will be made a martyr of, and like all martyrs now-a-days he will add considerably to his popu larity and to his pecuniary resources. On the same day as all this happened a curious and, in some respects, amusing case was heard in the Local Court. A man and woman named KtiowleB bvonght an a<-t.ion against Fox and his wife for damages, to the extent of £100 for slander. From the evidence it appeared that Mrs.' Fox made a statement reflecting somewhat on the chastity of Mrs. Knowies, which statement had such an effect on the mind of Snowies that, although he had been married to his wife for 28 years and bad 19 children by her, he separated from her. Fortunately they were re-united, and jointly brought the action for damages. The defendants pleaded justification, and sought more over to show that the female plaintiff's notion of ethics was rather loose—a book belonging to her having the following maxim on social life—" May we kiss whom "we please, please whom we kiss, and hold in oiir arms those near to our hearts ?" purely platonic this no doubt, a sentiment that would be endorsed and approved of in Mormonic circles. | When the Davenport Brothers arrived in Mel bourne, there was a good deal of discussion as to whether their wonderful performances were per formed with the agency of spirits or not. They themselves were silent on the point, allowing their numerous patrons to come to what conclu sion they liked. A large number, however, be lieved and believe to this day that they have the help of supernatural agents. To a limited extent this feeling is shared in here ; and a controversy has arisen here also as to the truth or othewise of spiritualism. A clear-headed and deeply con vinced exponent of the system or doctrine. or whatever else it may be called has contributed some well- writtenlefctersto the Register, buthislastletter whence I take the following extract goes, I think, beyond the acceptance of ordinary mortals:— "Then Dr. Davies wishes to know—and very properly too—how solid substances can be made to pass through solid substances. Upon a similar question being put to the manifesting intelli gences when this phase of the phenomena of spiritualism commenced to develop itself, the following answer was . given :—' The continuity of matter is wholly due to the close adherence of the atoms composing it proceeding from what is called attraction. If we break a piece of wood intp two pieces we cannot join them *as before, beeause we cannot bring the atoms iuto the same relation as previously, and thus renew the con tinuity. The ceiling is an association of atomB, all separate and xlistinet from each other. They do not even come into immediate contact with eacli other, but are associated by the magnetic spheres which surround them. A knowledge of the chemical laws of matter gives .the spirits power to'separate these atoms if the proper con ditions of doing so be supplied to them. The instrumentality to effect this uiust be-of a kind similar to that which holds the material atoms., together j hence it is invisible to the eye. The subtle sesenoes evo ved from the human organism known by the name of magnetism and odyle fur nish the spirit with the means of operating on the atoms of matter. The operating spirit passes this essence through the body he desires to in fluence, and by attracting this fluid towards him the atoms of the body operated upon follow it in solution therewith. The object to be passed •' through the ceiling is then enveloped in the same element and is drawn by attraction through the . shaft or tube of material thus formed from the solution of the ceiling. When the action is sus pended the atoms slowly return to their norin-tl relations, and the perfect continuity of the ceil ing is restored. The psychological emanations from various persons adhering to the walls are the greatest impediments to a successful operation." To this remarkable utterance Mr. C. B. Young has replied in a most humourously-written letter, for which I trust you will be able to find,"space;— " I have hitherto been a thorough disbeliever in spiritualis'ii, and have, in fact, pc several occa sions, without ghostly assistance, succeeded in disengaging myself from a chair though tied j,up by cempetent persons, having only failed onep,.. when the operator iuaisted on tying me too tight round the stomach, in which instance I believe I had recourse to spirit, but not till; alter I': had been untied by fleshy hands ; so that was no point in favor of spiritualism. This morning, howeveiy I must confess my scepticism was somewhat shaken on reading your correspondent * Fitz ericV lucid description of the way to get through a ceiling. No doubt the Register has a fair cir culation in the spirit world, the fragments of old papers being collected and joined togethe'r as iu the case of a broken ceiling. Would it be asking too great a favour as an old subscriber to allow me (without charging as an advertisement) to intimate to any of our former acquaintances who might be disposed to visit myself or .any of my family that I should prefer their not coming through the drawing-room ceiling, as it has been newly whitewashed, but to choose some other ceiling if they must come in that particular way. If they are coming up instead of down, there is a convenient grating in the cellar on the south side. Visitors to the ser vants are requested to go to the back kitchen ; there is access to the ceilingjth rough a loose shingle. I believe the cat has a brood of kittens there at j present, which they are requested not to disturb. \ If Dit-kens's works are in spiritual circulation I would respectfully call attention to the advice of the ' Queer Clieni' to the ghost he found shut up in an old cupboard:—1 It does appear to me somewhat inconsistent that when you have the opportunity of visiting the fairest spots ou earth —for I suppose space is nothing to you—you should always return to the very places where you have been the most miserable. From the appearance of that press I should be disposed to say that it is not wholly free from bugs, and I really think you might find much more comfort able quarters. ' Egad,' said the ghost, "I never thought of that before," and he began to vanish ; as he spoke indeed, his legs had quite disappeared,* I would respectfully suggest some easier means of access to houses than by taking the ceiling to pieces and putting it together again in the manner explained by your correspondent. Except in very stuffy houses the windows are fre quently open, and they might embrace such opportunities. I would also suggest how very undignified are the sort of antics they generally play at seances, and what bad company they keep; and if not considered impertinent would also call their attention to the fact that they might be so much better employed than they appear to be from all the reports we hear of them." Fortunately for the Ministry and the members of Parliament who are expecting a great treat at the expense of the State, the new steamer South Australian has arrived, and will be ready on Wednesday for her projected ;trip of inspec tion of tlie various ports of the colony. She is spoken of as something magnificent for the inter colonial trade, and there is , I am pleased to say —as one of the public, and not as a shareholder —a prospect of very cheap fares to Melbourne for the next few months. Messrs. McMeckan, Blackwood, & Co. are determined not to yield the trade which they have had for so many years, without making a strong effort to retain it. To d=> this of course reduced rates will have to be. started, and reduced rates meaus a great advan tage to the great bulk of the community, to whom at preseut rates a trip to the other colonies is a pecuniary impossibility. 