PUBLIC AUMSEMENTS. TSB legitimate drama was renewed at the Boyal on Saturday evening last, Mr. Talbot in the character of Hamlet, having there renewed his acquaintance with a Melbourne audience. He played the part very respectably, and satisfied those who remembered bis Shakesperian impersonations some years past that )>e has since considerably improved in his profession. To Miss Carey fell the part of the beautiful, but hapless Ophelia, and her conception and interpretation of it were alike' so good as to really surprise even those who have been accustomed to regard her as aa advanced' and highly promising student in the art she cultivates with so mufch intelligence and intuitive quickness of per? caption. Mr. Dampier was fittingly sepulchral as the Ghost,'-and Mr. Grevillo as/the first grave digge'r 'got through thfe '-ehort dialogue vith tbe Pi ibise'vety creditably; "Nature Mas . not been unkind 'to'ltf. 1, Apple ton,'but sh< tow not fittei him'to crown'with 1 'im , posing digflityj ahd ueithe^ iiitelligent stnldy nor direful cojtyism cbtildinpjil^ftiiB figfacte. Mrs. Bryer "£s'tbe4(jttBcta"#aB n'tolio'lifeiteyel of the geDeral performanbev knd Mfi Hai^oiod altogether the style in which the play 7 was produced could not have failed to plepse, all but the unreasonable people who consider that we Bhould- never have Sbakepeare, without one or two stars, and every character, even to that of page, filled by most capable actors. " Hamlet" has been repeated with success each evening during the week, but " Othello," with a strong caBt will be substituted for it to-night An afternoon performance will be given to-day in aid of the funds • of the Victorian Dramatic and Musical Association, and the leading members of the theatrical profession-will appear in it.- There will be three pieces. In "Not Such a Fool as he Looks," Mr. George Coppiu will play tbe part of Mould, in which he is famous. Mr. Talbot will play Sir Pertiuax M Sycopbant in the " The Man of tbe World," and Mr. Lingard and Miss Alice Dunning will once more appears in " Our Boys." Herr Plock will provide a special' band for the occasion; With' 'such an institution as this special performance is designed to benefit, there are many thousand people who sbould sympathise from different motives, and we hope that a few thousand of them will be present at • the Theatre Royal this-aftermoon. : (THE OPERA BOUSE. The "Fritz" season will terminate tonight after, a three months' performance of the piece, and to the large audience tbat will surely assemble Mr. .Emmet will bid adieu, though not a final one, as it is bis intention to re-appear in.' Melbourne after fulfilling an engagement in Sydney. Speaking from our own remembrance, the run of a single play for 12 reeks : is unprecedented in tbis part of-the world. And- sooh a play! -one that, without Emmet, would, be pronounced weak and dull, and «ould not keep the boards for a week. Last evening the performance was for tbe benefit of that gentleaian, and we need- hardly say that the house was crowded. It is understood tbat Mr. Lyster's -opera bouffe oompany, with Miss Melville as its bright particular star, will almost immediately 1 reappear in their old quarters, but the date is not announced. 