FICTION. ¡tram £«frjlib, American, «ad otÍ>%r X*«r]<MllcirJs, LADY EVELYN'S FOLLY. ' BY THE AÜTH0H OP A Woman's Temptation. L CHAPTEE LXFV. I On the following evening Rex went to meet the two friends, and all London did not know three moro anxious hearts or faoea than theirs. Their consultation was long and important. Without telling them the details of tho case, Bex gave them an outline of it, and the j both sensible, prudent men of the world thought there was danger hanging over her. What was to be done ? " It soenn ridioulous to say such a thing," said Rsx, " bat it is most true that all appeal to her own friends is perfectly UBOIPSS. If she wants help, we must give it to her; and that help rnuat oom o entirely from ourselves, and must also he unknown to anyone else." "Glencairn," eaid Captain Blake, "I know tho place nell : it is built on a rock on the northern coast of Sootland, the bleakest place it is possible to imagine, We went cruising round it last year, I remember " Hex looked up with a sudden gleam in his eyes " You went round it last year-what is to prevent you from doini» tho same this ?" The onptain looked just as earnestly at him. " Nothing," he replied. " If you think I can do that unhappy lady any good, I will go there .again with pleasure. I have a famous little yacht of my own-' The Northern Belle' -and it, like myself, is at your service." He literally trembled with exoitement. "Heaven bless you!" be said, "a thousand ard a thousand times. We shall eave her yet in spite of the combinations of her enemies. Captain Blake, if I ever live to seo her again, I eh all know how to thank you." Then they bogan to make arrangements how it was to be managed " I have a sure conviction," eaid Rex, " that ehe is in prison, that she oannot get away or do as she will." It was agreed that they should start aa soon , aB it was possible. The yaoht would notrequire muoh preparation, it was always ready for sailing, and the only thing that remained was for Bex to get leave of absence and join them It was arranged that, if possible, they should start that day week. '* What we shall do remains still a mystery," , eaid Captjin Blake. " We must make quite Bure of one thing-wo must try to free her from captivity if your idea is correct and she is shut up in one of the rooms of that gloomy castle. We must take her away, land her somewhere in safety-the rest wiil be easy enough " | They pirted with many expressions of esteem and confidence, arranging to meet together the evening before they set Hail. Lord Knoban looked slightly troubled when Bex abked for a holiday, and said it must unfortunately be of uncertain leDgth. «? , " I Em busy, Rex," he said, rueiully ; " very bu'y, just now." " I know, and am very sorry for it. I will do my best to make up for it when I return," replied Rex ; but I am oom'pelkd to go now." Then Lord Knaban yielded ; it was, after all, the first favor that his young secretary had ever a.ktd from bim, and ne could not well refuse it. There were but few arrangements to make, for Captain Blake and Mr Thrano had been hard at work. Very fern days after their first interview the friends were cn board the Northern Belle; she was a fine yaoat, rapid sailer, neat and trim, and she worked her way rapidly through the beating seas. Bex felt his heart beat and his face flush when he firat oaught sight of the lonely rock bound castle. Toe «aves were boating the Btoriüs, the sea-gulls whirling round it; a more gruesome, lonely place had never surely been seen, and she, the golden-haired, dainty darling, who had lived in the midst of light, warmth, and perfume, she had for months been living here They dared not go too near ; it was not often that yachts were seen in those stormy northern seas, still it'was not an unusual sight, or it would have o&UBcd; some earpriee among the inhabit- ants of Glenoairn t As it was, the yacht had been in the Waters man j boora before U waa- noticed j then a pala face with' wearied eyes seemed to brighten suddenly as they eaught a glimpEe of it Lady Evelyn'had besa very ill; for some days «he' had not riten, bat had tan with her faos turned to th« wall, moaning that it wouid be well if she were dead. And Liaba» had the greatest difficulty in rousing her ; she would pot, Jiave her for one minute ; the sat by her «ide and talked to her about What' they should do when they reaohod bom«. The unhappy lad« had atarted np wildly at the word " home." " Home 1" the oried. " Oh, Liaba», shall I evos see horn« «gain V ' ' ' J i í u . _ " Most assuredly. Wby, my lady, we do not live in the barbarous day of old, when men could imprison and kill as they liked. My Lord Knoban will begin to make inquiries soon ; he will come and ask where von are ; he will want to see you, and what can antone de then ? As soon as he sees you, you will be frSa,'' " I shall be diad or mad before thèV come." "No, you wm^not. ^You look- a little pale and thin, my lady, ^W^g^ráaás well as ever. Do rouBe yourself^wi^^geOip^and come into your room. I found a new novel yesterday, try and read it. The sun is shining on the sea to-day, and it is pleasant to look out." And then, more to eave herself from the trouble of refusing Lisbnrn than far anything else, Lady Evelyn rose ; but the maid's beart sank as she watobed her. The golden hair that sha arranged seemed to have4ost its sheen ; the light had faded from the violet eyes ; the face and figure looked thin and worn. There was at times a hectic flush on the faje, and that gave way to mortal pallor. v* " " They will fina^rsdead,lsnrely enough," ?aid Lilburn, " unles9^ÖMon»e ioon" Wheu the simple toiTeTSSar arranged, she per- suaded Lady Evelyn to sit by the window, and watoh the sunlight en it. " There is hope for us, my lady," she said, " in every little gleam of light " Lady Evelyn suddenly seized her arm, and pointing to the opposite end of the room, said : " Lisbnrn, there is a sunbeam ! Look at it 1 It is the first, I have ever seen in this prison of mine." A faint, struggling sunbeam that carne through the narrow window and shone on the oold stone wall. " That ia a hopeful augury," said Lisbnrn. " Now my lady, you see everything is brighter and more hopeful to-day, Will you try to read ?" Lady Evelyn took the book and opened it meohanioally ; but Liaburn had long sinoe seen that her young mistress was past reading. Lady Evelyn looked up suddenly, with tears in her eyes, and a quick, impatient laugh. " It is no use, Lisbnrn/' she said ; " I cannot hold the book " " Then I will read it to you, my lady," said the maid, resolutely ; and' taking np the book she began to read. Onoe or twice, she looked up to see if Lddy Evelyn was listening, but the i sweet, white face was turned toy thé" sunlit sea ; she could ooijrhopq - sVx S Suddenly Lady .Eyelyb-u'ftered-a^artled cry She clutched the girl's arm ; and, looking up, L'.sburn saw her face full of wild, eager wonder, her eyes wide open, her Ups parted. " What is it, my lady ?" cried the maid, half frightened in hor turn. What is it ?" " I see-I see-oh ! merciful Heaven, am I going mad, or do I see ? You remember my dream, Lisburn-a boat lying far off in the horizon ? There, see ! there is the boat. Oh, Lisb3rn, anf^I dreaming, do you think-am I mad ? Look ! tell me if you see it too ?" Lisburn stood up and looked. At first her eyes neither so keen or so bright as Lady Evulyn's, saw nothing ; but after a time she cried out- % " I see it, my lady." -i AWI thVtwo watched it with breaTthless sus- pense. ' V - - ' ^ %f U - " STy lady," said Lisburn, " I feel -sure that that boat is there for us-no one else but us ; it is there for our rescue She folded ber hands, and the expression that carne over her face was one of absolute hope and rest " If it is for us," she 6aid slowly, " then Mr. Henderson is in it-I am quite sure of that." All the hours of that bright day Lady Evelyn and her maid sat watohiqg the white, distant sails of tbe yaoht. WhertTünner was brought, Lady Evelyn turned away with a shudder. " How oan I waste my time in eating ?" she said " The fyoat mteht 6aií away " " It will never, BaiTawayyigain till you are in it," said the mai* s V. Tney watched it until the sails shone red in the rays of the setting eun, and the gray light of evening fell over the waves. Then she could see it no longer, and Lady Evelyn was full of distress and sorrow. " I cannot see it now, Lisburn," she said ; " how I wish morning would come again." " Look, my lady," cried the maid j " now do you not see that it is for us ?" Piercing with longing eye9s the gray, soft gloom, they saw a little boat put off from the yaoht, with two men. " You will see, my lady, that they will row to the cliff here, I am sure. We must keep a good light in the window ; it is some one eomo to rescue us," She was almost frightened at the rapture that came over Lidy Evelyn's face " I! there is any one in the 'boat ooming to save us," ehe said, "it wiil be Mr Hendorson, Lisburn. How shall we know-what shall we do to find out ?" " You must keep oalm and strong, my lady, or all the efforts' they can make will be quite in vain." Aad Lady Evelyn sat at the window while twilight deepened into gloom, watching the boat which seemed by almost imperceptible degress to come nearer and nearer. CHAPTER LXV. "Lisburn," said Lady Evelyn, with a face growing deadly white as she spoke-" L'sburn, surely as 'I live, that boat has landed ; it is for me ! Oh, Heaven ! ein it be that the day of my captivity is ended ?" She wept hysterically, she sobbfed aloud j it wa6 in vam that the maid tried \6 console her ; it was the first real hope ofJesoape that had dawned on her, and it was t£o muoh for her. After a time she grew oalúi, and then she clasped LisburV^ hands in her own. " It all rests wtth y5^ñaV' sffe.s^id. " He is there, Lisburn ; Í'am"9ufe~ Mr. Henderson is there, and you mußt see him " ; " I oan manage it," said the maid ; " there is no strict watch kept over me. I ean get out of the house before old Andrew fastens the outer gates ; but I shall be obliged to remain out all night-I oannot get baok again " " My poor Lisburn 1 bat it will be oold " " I should not care if it were freezing," she replied. "Oh, my lady, I would suffer heat, oold, er anything else for yon." ~ " ~ fl know that. I do not like the thought of your going ont alone ; bat it is for liberty and life Tell me, how shall yon manage ?" ; "The boat is sure to be ia that little bay round the cliff; I shall know where to find it I bave often heard ^them say that is'the only place where a boat oan land I shall go down to it, and then I shall know in tiro minutes whether it lie for us or not."0 'f How will you get ont ?" asked Lady Evelyn, anxiously. " I oan get out on the cliff;, the, road to the Beais*bpen, though not'the zoad by land. I oan . .* ? i ' ? ,- ? get out of the great gates before they are closed for the night It is time I went-there is not a moment to lose. Keep up your heart, my lady ; you will get away in safety, I am quite sure I must take the keys to the dowager, The usual oeremony was gone through ; old Andrew oame to see if the doors were securely looked, and then the keys «ere taken to the dow- ' ager. " How is Lady Evelyn to night ?" inquired Lady Chesterleigh. Lisburo replied that she was tired and orosa. The malicious face beamed with satisfaction. " The malady is making steady progress." she said, with a shake of the head, "I am very sorry but it cannot be helped. Good night, Lisburn " Thankful to be released, the maid hurried down stairs. She went out into the cold stone oourt-yard, and there she waited until old Andrew carne out. It was easy to deoeive him, for he was growing old, and had lost some of the oourageous strength of hiß youth. He opened the gates, after his usual fashion, to look round ; he looked down the narrow paththatled from the rooks to the high road ; all was olear, still, and silent. Then, quick as thought, Lisburn flung down a heavy «tone against the door He ran hastily to see what it was, and did not notioe that he had left the gates open. Paring that one minute Lisburn passed out unperoeived, and direotly afterward she heard Andrew and Elapie in the yard. i " What was it ?" asked Ëlspie ; " the noise frightened me. It was like a ooma thrown at the door." ' ' " Heaven save ns !" cried the man, " talking about coffins at this hour of the night. Mind what your are doing, Elapie." - " Well," returned the woman, " I have heard many of them say, that there is always a warning like that before any one dies. "That is the ghost," said Andrew, turn'ng the light of his lantern on the stone, " It hat fallen from the wall-that's your grand warning wife " "You will Bee," said the woman; "I was never mistaken in my life. You may Bhow'tne as many stones as you like, but I tell you th&t; noise was a warning, neither more nor leas than a warning ; you will own that I am right yet." Lisburn did not feel particularly happy in listening to that dialogue, she was somewhat superstitious, and Elspie's tales bad seriously impressed her. " I hope, if it be a warning, that the warning is not for my lady," she said to herself, and" then she shuddered with dread. It waa a weird, lonely spot ; the great tall craigs, rose white and high on each side of her, a soft, misty gloom hung over the sea, the wind wailed round the waters, the waves dashed with a heavy booming noise against ths shore, " I would net have risked this to save my own life," said the girl to herself j " how shall I find my way down that path ? One fals'e step and I shall be dashed to pieces against the rocks " Presently, to her great relief, the stars carne out, shining broadly and deeply, their light re flcotedinthe heavingwaves. Slowly, oautiously, Lisburn descended the steep path, and with a sense of deep relief, ehe found herself at the foot of the oliff A few more steps and she stood on the shore, the waves breaking in great sheets of foam at her feet She gazed around and san the little boat at a distanoo. She dare not ory out to attract attention, lest by some terrible mischance her voice should be heard by some of the castle people. She saw the boat was still rising and falling gently with eaoh aotion of the wavoa, Those in it were watching the castle. She stood for some minutes wondering what she eould do ; then, to her great satisfaction, she saw the boat rowed suddenly and swiftly to the shore Another moment it grated on the pebbles ; she Baw the tall figure of a man spring on the shore. Her heartbeat loud I and fast. Was it for them, a rescue planned, or waa it a ease of smuggling ? She stepped for- ward and all doubt was dispelled. The starlight fell on a pale, handsome face that she remem- bered porfeotly well, the face of Rex Henderson She held up her hand with a little ory " Mr. Henderson I" she Baid ; and Rex, look- ing into the soft starlight gloom, said : " Who is there?' * Then she oame forward, and he recognised her. "*" " You are Lady Evelyn's maid ?" be oried ''For Heaven's sake, be quick, and tell me how she is," Lisburn was unable to answer him-she fell on her knees with a loud, passionate cry. " Oh, Mr. Henderson, Heaven has sent you You are only just in time-my lady would have diea if she had been left hero much longer " " Tell me all about it, Lisburn," said Rex; "we can find a seat here on the cliffs Do not lose one minute, Tell me " , They sat down together on the cliff; the broad, deep, restless sea strctohed out be'ore them, yet half-hidden by the thick gloom "Tell me all about it," ho said; " how is she? Has she been very unhappy ?" And sitting there with the wide sea breaking at their feet, the stars shining above their heads, the wind wailing mournfully round there, I Lisburn told the story of her la'dy'B imprison- ment. "They meant to drive hor mad, Mr. Hen- derson," she said ; " they have brought her here on purpose. The dowager countess hates her like poison with the deadliest hatred. The earl did care for her onoe, but I oannot help thiaking she is in the way now." Rex understood it all ; he wanted her to make an apology to Madame Dubois, and she would not. He remembered the scene between hus- band and wife at Hardress House. Suddenly he turned to Lisburn with an anxious look, y " Do you think the fear and the imprisonment have been too much for her ?" he asked "-She, was always nervous She had a strong presen-* liment of an early death." " I do not think she is in danger now ; but I certainly think she could not bear it many days longer " " And now/' said Rex, " how are we to resoné her ? If I die for it, she shall not remain in this plaoe any longer I shall take her away at once How can it be done ?" " Where there is a will there is generally a way," said Lilburn. " We shall manage it." " If possible, I want it tobe done without any great publio scandal I do not want to be known in the matter, for her sake* At no one else feels inolined to fight; her battles, I will fight them, and win them, too But 1 do not want my name to be mentioned. As I have arranged it, sha will get to London, and no one will ever know bow she reached there " "What arrangements have yon made, Mr. Henderson?" " If she canJ but get out of her room down to 'the shore here/therejr^l be no particular diffi- culty ; we ean row Ver to the yacht, and there are trusty friends of mino who will not leave her until she is safe in her sister's house." " But, 6urely," said Lisburn, " you will go with her yourself?" " No," he replied, " I shall not go with her. It would be better not, for many reasons-far better not. This little boat will bring me baok to the shore here. I shall make my way on foot to some habitable region, and from there to London Thus not even the faintest breath of soandal oan rest on her fair name." " Perhaps it will be best," said Lisburn, musingly. " There is another thing," continued Rex, gently, " As I am very anxious to prevent any open quarrel with the earl, we must be careful in every way. After this there will be most oertainly a separation between the earl and the oounttss ; she will never return to him again. It would be well if we eonld manage to keep then in ignorance of her escape for some days But how oould we get her down to the shore hera ? All seems easy when that is done." "That is the great puzzle," said Lisburn; " and t oandidly oonfess that I oannot see through it. Lady Evelyn's rooms are in the western tower, and at the foot of the staircase there is a door whioh is always kept looked ; the dowager keeps the keys. The door is opened whenever any food is brought to my lady, but Andrew stands by to see that the door is looked, and the keys are taken straight to the dowager. She keeps them, too, all the night I do not see how my lady oan get out of the tower ; if Andrew saw the least sign of anything of the kind, he would rouse the whole household " " Would it be possible to bribe Andrew ?" aßked Hex. " No, I think not ; in faot, I am sure not. You might as well try to bribe the dowager her- self" They both, aa,t silent for some short time ; then the great difficulty of the enterprise did not Seem so easily overcome How to ga"t Lidy Evelyn out of the western tower-how lo get her down to the shore. " I should hardly dare to ask her to trust her- self tal the meroy of a stout rope," said Rex, '*bùi iVvoertainly seems to be the only hope of escapo lies>in the window, not in the door " "Let us think," s lid Lisburn. " What has been done before may be done again." CHAPREB LXVI. Silence again daring some few minutes, and then Lisburn suddenly exelaimed : " I have it, Mr. Henderson. I ean manage it, I am sure " " What is it ? Toil me of what you are think- ing?" <t > " I can soon tell you, Mr. Henderson. The more I tbiuk of the plan the more feasible it becomes. Old Andrew is very quick and sharp,, but be doeg^oot. see very well; he is old, and bia eyes aie dim. I thought that to morrow evening, when he comes to lock up, I would 'dress myself ih,my lady's clothes, and lie down on the oDuoh with a book in my band, my face turned from him, so that he oculd not see me ; my lady is almost about the same size as I am. She would put on my dress, my apron and cap, ho could never find it out, for he never looks at me. I never onoc remember that he turned his eyes toward me. He is always surly and silent If my lady only had the nerve to hold the candle while he locked the door, and then to take the keys to the dowager, all would be well.' She could take her chance. She could go into Lady Chesterleigh's room before she eimos up, and lay the keys upon the table Of course the danger would be if the dowager addressed her " " Can nothing be done to prevent this ?" asked R:x " Your plan is a most excellent one This is the only weak point in it, " I oan only think of one thing," said the maid "I might pretend to have a sore throat, a bad cold, and a faoe-acho, and so keep my fuoe wrapped up all day ; then of course my lady oould wrap hers up and all would be well." " Wilí she have nerve enough, do you think ?" asked Rex. " You tell me she has grown very weak." « " So she has ; But the prospects of an escape will bo enough fot' her. I think we can but try ; if all goes well she can make her way out of the place just as I made mine ; then I shall be lacked up ia her room until morning. Early in'Hhe iborning^Alioe brings up tea; still pre- tending to bo my lady, I can take it, then I can get up, dress myself in my own clothes, and go down, I shall say my Udy is ill, and we will get up. I will pretend to take everything up to ner until I am found out." " And what then ?" asked Rex, " le will bo easy enough then. When the dowager says something about coining to seo her, I shall pretend that shebasauddenlj disappeared lu that way my lady will havo time to get safe to London, and safe and weh before they make the discovery here. " You are a brave girl," said Rex, simply. " Ah ! sir, if you knew all When I carno to my lady years ago, she was the loveliest and brightost girl in the world ; her heart was full of sunshine, her voice full of music ; she was so charming, with all her pretty, jrilful ways; she was always warm-hearted and affectionate If you oould but understand the terrible change, you would never forget-I never forget She is no more like what she was than dead leaves aro blooming flowers. AU tar beauty, her grace, her brightness, seem to have left her." " They will some back in happier times," said Rex ; " that is, poor lady, if happier times are in store for her. How shall you get baok into this place, Lisburn ?" "I oannot getbaok to night," she said; "1 shall be obliged to stay out nut 1 morning The great gates will be opened while Andrew sweeps the court-yard, theo I may slip in unperoeived ; tfrov WOUIQ not suspect me, even if they should seetme I'-have been compelled to aot a part ; 'I oouïd havo\\.done nothing for my lady without The dowagerNjelieves I am devoted to the Chesterleigh interest I would lay down my life for my own lady, but I would not raise my finger for them " " She will reward yon," said Rex, " when she is free." " I do not want reward," said the girl. " I am devoted to her because I love her." "There is another thing," said Bex; "as ah« ii both weak and nervous, it will be better, perhaps, not to say anything to her about the plan; the might think of it all day, until she became so nervous that she could not possibly earry it oat Tell her everything is arranged for her reseñe, bat do not say bow until night comes ; she will have no time to think of it then, but will aot upon the excitement of the moment, and all will go well. Tell her, Lisbara, that I send my dearest love, and I will die de- fending her ; tell her that she need have no fear; all will, I am sure, go well. I am sorry yon will have to spend the night outside, but I yon shall not be left alone." . ,_,.. He was silent for a few minutes,, then_he, said : " Tell Lady Evelyn, that now all is arranged, I shall not keep the yacht in sight 'to-morrow"; we will sail away before the morning dawn, and return when the darkness of night bas fallen ; it migbt attract suspicion. i Tell h or that at ten e'oloek I shall be here, with two comrades brave and true, and that I will not leave her until she is safe on board. You will not forget^ne word of it?" >f ? " No," replieHJiisburn, with a smile, " not one word " N( ;s, \ " Yon are cold/^aie&tnc; ; " {¡to wind round this cliff is something to remember."NWrap this over you." He took off the great, thiek coat that he wore, and in spite of her exclamations and remon- strances, he wrapped it round her. He would not have left the brave, devoted girl alone there for the whole world, so they sat in the bleak wind until there oame a f^int flash of the morning into the skies, then he rose and held out his hands to the girl. ,' " You have been a true friend," he said ; " I shall never forget you I mtftt go now, for the yaoht must be aw>y before theSaun rises over the sea. Tell Lady fivelyn\hat iS^hall pray all this day as I hTsve*nWeÄ|pflyed berate, for her safety and freedom^from the hands of her enemies " Then they parted. Lisburn, in the dim morning light, saw the boat rowed to the yaoht, and then she saw the yaoht slowly sail away. Then the sun had risen, and the world seemed wide awake. She went home Again she was fortunate She waited until the gates were opened, and then she heard old Andrew so busy with his brooms that she knew he would not see her ; then she entered. Her first proceeding was to do as she had said-poomplain of a terrible cold, sore throat, and headache. She oomplaind so persistantly that no one felt any surprise when, half an hour afterward, she appeared with her face wrapped up in a large handkerchief. " There is not muoh tomeo of you now," said Elspie, laughing, L "Then, when Alioo tad prepared Lady Evelyn's breakfast, she went up to take it. She found her dressed and etarMing at the window, the very pioture of miserymnd suspense. " Liflhuro," she said, '» the yaoht is gone I Speak to me-the yaoht isjjgone !" The smile on her maid's! faoe reassured Lady Evelyn. Lisburn would never smile so unless all were well * " Eat your breakfast, my lady," she said ; "it is the last you will eat here, but I will not tell you one word until you have done that," Lady Evelyn was oompelled to obey-she had never staken her breakfast so quiokly before \- thoa ehe wes by her maid's side, with her pretty hands laid caressingly on her maid's arm " My poor Lisburn," she said, " you have been out all the night ; you are oo'.d and ill." The girl looked up at her with a bright smile. " I am oold, my lady, but I am not ill." " Then why have yon wrapped up your head and face in this fashion, if you are not ill ?" " For a reason, my lady, that you will under- stand afterward botter toan you can do just now. And now that you have eaten your break- fast I will tell you all the news, my lady. If all goes well, you will be free to night." * " To-night ?" she replied. " Oh, Lisburn, oan it be true, then, the yaoht was for us, after all ?" " It was for us, and Mr. Hendarson was in it, my lady. I hf.ve been with him, I have been talking to him, and it is he who will resoue you to-night." . Then she was almost frightened at the deadly pallor which carno over the sweet faoe " To-night !" she repeated. " Is it possible chat I shall b'e free to-night ?'' " I have not time," said Lisburn, " to tell you all now ; I have so muoh to say and to do, I mast begin at onoe. My lady, if you will take my advice, you will lie down and reat to day, because you will have so fatiguing a night Rest, that you may be strong and ready for it " But Lady Evelyn was looking at her with dreamy eyes that hardly seemed to see. " You have boen talking to Mr. Henderson," she said, quietly ; " tell me how he looked what he said ; has he altered ? Tell me about him." There was such pitiful entreaty in her voice that Lisburn oould not refuse. She described how he looked, how he bad talked, all his kind- ness in depriving himself of his coat for hor; she gave all his cheering mess'gea The tears ran sweet aud warm down herfaoea* she listened " He was always a hero," she said, " in every sense of the word" " It is to Rex," she said to herself, " that I shall owe everything, that I shall owe my free- dom, that. I shall owe my very life, for if I had remained here I must have gone mad. It is to Rex that I owe everything." And throughout that day she foutd infinite rest in the thought. Then Lisburn began her work ; abo purposely plaood herself in the dowager's way, so that that stately lady might comment upon her head and faco. She did deign, in the most freezing fashion, to ask if Lisburn had taken oold ; and the maid answorcd, in a hoarse, strained whisper, "Yea" Then, too, she contrived that the oarl should see her ; he abo made some oommont. Then she prepared the different changes of dress that she required, and when all was arranged it was afternoon. Then she went to Lady Evelyn, and was beyond measure relieved to find her calm and hopeful. " My lady," she said, " will you listen to me ? Mr. Henderson has done all he can ; I have done all I can ; the remainder rests entirely with you. The success of our enter- prise depends entirely on you " " I will be attentive and brave," said the young countess. "I will do everything that you tell me, and in the best way I can." "I wish that \ oould do it for you," said Lis- burn, wistfully. «' You have onlf to remember that there is nothing tóSdread1. If anything should happen, if our <nlan^s}tpuld be discovered, if we should bo found oui? I am"-to meet Mr. Henderson again to-night and tell him so ; then he will think of something else. In any oase, now, your escape is certain." And then Lisbnrn unfolded her plans, Lady Evelyn listened, with a flushing face. " I oan do it all," she said ; " nothing frightens ma except the 'dowager ; Lisburn, if the speaks to me. I shall drop all that I am holding-veryprobably drop myself on'th« floor. The sound * of hersvoiôa frightens me j it makes mo tremble." ' ' * .\ ' J- - 4' You shall nof see hlfîtl oan help it," said Lisburn. iA" I will ask perîaissidn to take the keys half an hour eariler than usual j j will tall her that, not feeling wall, I with to go to mf own room ; then yo« will «scape her." ' .' .." The darkness, the sea; the narrow path, the steep oiiffs, will not, alarm me j bus, if I hear] har voiee I shall be undone." - ' > " Then, if I can help it, you shall not hear it," she said. " I will go at ones and see her " She did so, and obtained gracions consent to look np half an hour earlier than usual. " People of that class bave no right to be ill," said the dowager to herself; "that oamea of over-indulgence." v. ' ' ' CHAPTER LXY-fi:^ Out oaoe mora» in thWresh\ir, under tho blue vault of Heaven^ L\ay Evelyn-was, at first, almost bewildered by the change. It had not been easily managed. She had met with maoy difficulties, not the least of which was har own terrible nervoui dread. Lisburn had done ber best. She had tried to oheer her ; she had ' talked over the escape as certain; she had laughed over the\ difficulties, and then, when night carne on^she. hadSSjjhtoi tha lamps, and had proceeded to dress ner mistress in tha clothes that belonged to her. As she had said, they were both of the same six», and when Lidj Evelyn had on her print dress, the white apron, and white cap, she oould have passed well for Lisburn ; when, in addition, her head and fsoe were wrapped up in the large handkerohief that Lisburn had worn all day, it was imponible to recognize her. She smiled at her maid'» dolight, for turning ronnd and looking at her, Lisburn cried out : " My lady, I never knew what a pretty ' costume mino was before. I shall always like it now. But Lisburn did not look so well ia Lady Evelyn's dress as Lady Evelyn dibNn hera-that was no matter. She stood half shy, half ashamed, while my lady fastened the trailing sgk and fine laces around ber; then the youngjiarfly brought a magnificent oashmere shawLrfind laid it over her shoulders* - V f " You must wrap yottaseiiufmn this, Lisburn," she said, " and 1ft, down upon tht^oouoh with a book in your hand " "v " The maid drew baok half shyly. ' " Ob ! my lady, I do not like," she said. " How oan I lie down in this beautiful shawl ?" And then Lady Evelyn, almost for the first time siaoe her imprisonment, laughed aloud. The sound seemed to startle even herself. " What respeot you have for a oashmere shawl, Lisburn ! Lying down in it will not hurt it " ' ButLisbaen trembled and blushed as my lady drew a magnificent shawl around her; then she lay down upon the oouoh, and took a book ia her hands Lady Evelyn stood against the door, watohing her, and smiling as she had nob done for many a long day " I am sure, Lisburn," she said, with a touch of her old gaiety, "if I look like that when I am lying down to read, I look very nice " Then A'ioe came up, followed by old Andrew, who unlocked the door, and stood like a grim sentinel while tea waB being taken in. Neither of them had the least suspicion of the ohange that had taken place. Alioe made her usual arrangements; Lady Evelyn did all that she remembered to have seen L «burn do; thon Alice turned to her and said, in a low voioe : " I am sorry your faoe is no better Can I get anything for you ?" For ono moment Lady Evelyn waa at a loss ; she thought she was bound to speak, and if she did speak all would be lost, One moment's L reflection showed her that, after all, she was nat compelled to spoak ; she shook her head slowly, as though she would show thatcher pain was too great for words. . ' " Ah, poor girl," said Alice, " I oan under- stand^-you oannot .apeak?" Î» Th\n they went away, and Ljsburn, springing from the. oouclL would insist upon waiting on her mistress. \hesresult was a compromise; they took\tea \pgether, and Lady Evelyn listened attentively to the instructions of her maid. " You noed not speak to Andrew," she said ; " you must hold the light so that he oan see the lock-if he should speak to you there will be no need to answer him-then hold out your hand as though it was something to whioh you were quite accustomed, and he will give you tho keys " Lady Evelyn held out her hand, and they both looked at it. A fine white hand, white as a lily-leaf, with lovely pink-tipped fingers, and oovered with costlv gems. The both looked at it and smiled. " It is well we thought of that," said Lisburn. " That hand would have betrayed you at once." Lady Evelyn looked thoughtful. "It was her fine woite'hahd that betrayed Mary of Scotland," ehe said, slowly. " When she was escaping she put out her hand ; some one near her said, ' That is not the hand of a washerwoman ' " " Old Andrew would have cried out, ' That ^ is not the hand of a waiting-maid/ " said Lisburn. " You must take off your rings, my lady, and contrive to take eff that dead whito look, if you can." Lady Evelyn took off her rings, and laid them one by one on the table. The maid took thom and put them out of sight " When you havo the keys," she continued, " you go at onoe to the dowagers's room-" " But, Lisburn," interrupted the young' countess, " I do not know where that is." The maid looked up in dismay. She had fotgotten the possibility of her mistress not being able to make her way about tho gloomy place She did her best in desoribing it, and Lady E?e!yn said, doubtfally : "I think chati shall find it." " Then, when you reach the room," said Lis- burn, "knock at the door; if the worst comes to the worst and ahe is there, do not be fright- ened; remember your disguise makea youaafe. Do not let the sound of her voioe distress you. Goin boldly; you need not look ather. I always place the keys on the small stand that you will find at her bedside ; go in at onoe, lay the keys there, and walk out again." " But if she sneaks to me, Lisburn, what shall I do ?" "Smile to yourself, and think how long it it will be before yon hear her voioe again," said Lisburn. " Yon must be oareful not to start baok surprised or turn suddonly; sha would surely suspect if yon did. Then, when that1 danger is over, yon have bat one moro to tan-that is old Andrew. Listen, my lady, " , £f attentively. You oan get oajt of the lower aorridpr \ window ; it is the only oae whieh is ever left an- - ' fastened. Ifounditontguitebyaeoident, Then yon will probably have to «main some 'time in the court-yard. Andrew goes oat ; ha unlock« the gate and goes out; " It ia his habit to go some little disitnoe round the oath anjL look around bia. I should imaginéis thinks there ii some precaution »boat thfl b\h>\ Wl shall owe oar escape to it. * While '"le *aoei that, you must make soma sudden and «oexpeetecraoïBe in the 'boort-yard. I threw a large atoae at the doet. \--- ' ? . .=^ü He runs in haaüly to see what is the matter; you eeize that moment to escape. You will want to lie quick and adroit, and to seize the moment, or all ia bat " Lady Evelyn sighed deeply ; it waB so great fDv an enterprise for har. 10^ « I wah," she said, " that I were safely out tide. I would give something to find myself on the shore." "That is but the first half of the enterprise," eaid Liaburn. " I am sure that you will feel Borne little dismay when you find yourself out tide on the oliff alone. Why, mv. lady, I do not think you have ever been alone'«qn the rooka before'» or offNlone at night." \ \ " No;** safli-L,ady Evetyk 'Hhà'tJî.oertainly have not." " Yon must he very cautious in descending the oliff," continued Lisbura. " The path is eteep and narrow, with very uncomfortable preeipioes on eaeh aide Once down, all your difficulties are ended ; the sea lies before you. On the rock you will find Mr. Henderson, with two others, and they will row you to the yacht." She presied her hands over her heart, and Lisburn heard her say : "Rex, Rex!" Then she looked around her with a dazed, confused expfesiion. " Lisburn," she said, gravely, " is it possible that before the son rises I shall have left this terrible placa, and be once more free ?" " It is possible Before the sun rises you will be away on the smooth seas, and you will look on this as a dream. Now, my lady, oourage. I hoar Andrew coming to look up. Courage; only one hour longer." Lady Evelyn shuddered as one seized with nw mortal cold, and Liaburn heard her say to her vr self again, "Rex! Rex!" She uttered the name softly, as though she drew from it some hidden strength Then^the sound of footsteps echoed through the long passages. Lisburn wrapped herself more closely in her ahawl^hay lady drew her handkerchief more closely r^und, her face, and tbet\'*the,'öl«i»man came in. v S \ Ha loofci, aronnd,-as was his "custom ; he looked at the silent figure with tne magnificent cashmere drawn round it. " Good night, my lady," he said ; and from the sofa there carne a faint sound, as though the lady were too tired to speak, and that he knew meant good-night. He saw the maid standin?, as he believed, with a candle in her hand The room in which it had been the dowager's desire for Lisburn to sleep was olose to the Western Tower, but not in it. Old Andrew carefully looked over his keys ; he seleoted tbe right one, and secured the door. My lady held the light, and her band did not tremble He looked up, with a laugh. " It seems a pity, too, to shut up suoh a pretty bird in such a duil cage," he said A faint sound, that might have been a laugh or a cry, carne from the muffled face. Which- ever it was it quite satisfied Andrew She held out her hand for the keys, and, for the first time in ber life, Lady Evelyn felt annoyed at its whiteness. He did not notioe it, but, in his old- fashioned way, said : " I hope, Mistress Lisburn, that face of yours will soon be better." Again there come a murmured sound, and she wont away with tho keys, while the old steward finished his rounds; then came her difficulty. She wandered up and down those long stone corridors, with the taper in her hand, faint with nervous dread and fear; ghostly faces seemed to mock her, ghostly voices seemed to whisper round ber ; the wind had never wailed so mournfully ; she could hear the dull, distant booming of the waters. It needed all the oour- age in tho world to go on. Sheoould not find the room ; then it seemed to her excited fancy that she had heard voices crying, that she was found out. She sat down on the cold steps in sheer despair. " Oh ! Rex, Rex !" she said with a sob. Perhaps he waa waiting for her outside those gloomy prison walls, where the sea broke on the shore. This thought gave her oourage. She tried again ; this time she was more successful. She recognized a small square passage, with a large dook in it, that Lisbura had described to her, "I am near the dowager's room, ahe thought. Another moment and she saw the red light of the fire shining underneath the door ; there was a sound too, BB though some one were stirring in the room, a sound wbioh filled her with dread. There was Rex waiting ; tho moon wau shining on the sea. She could picture Rex walking impatiently up and down, listen- ing for her, looking for her. Ah ; if any- thing should happen now to prevent her from going The dowager coughed, that dry, peculiar cough which always filled Lady Evelyn's heart >with dread. She trembled, and then stood still one moment to reassure herself; fear would only prove to be her mortal enemy now. She drew the handkerchief more tightly round her faoe, and opening the door, went boldly in. Her enemy was there, seated by the fire with a thick shawl wrapped round her, evidently ill, evidently tuffjring, but fighting against it. She turned listlessly round when the door opened Lady Evelyn gave one rapid look around. She Baw the table by the bed and went toward it. "You are no better, Lisburn," said the dowager. " I must say this place is cold and damp. I do not feel very well myself, to-day " It waB evident that she did not expiot an ; anster, for she wont on : " If I do not feel better I-flball 'eave you all and return to England in a few days. I do not Know what is the matter with me." Lady Evelyn placed tho keys on the table j she was turning round to leave the room, when he dowager stood up suddenly. " Let me see your face, Lisburn," she said ; " perhaps I oould suggest some remedy for it." (To le continued.) Emerald hill wag thrown into a state of ex oitement on Friday afternoon by a double tragedy. A man named Wm Carrington (says the Argus) out his wife's throat with a razcr, and then destroyed himself by the same means They were elderh people, brit had only been married six montai, a**A,daring that time the wife left her husband and1 entered the employ- ment of a widower named Huggett, reiiding ia Acarno street, Emerald-hill, as a dry-nurse to 1^4 young child. The husband, who was a bar bet in Bay-street, Sandridge, called apon his wife yeiterday afternoon, and finding her alone, murdered her as described, while she was in the aot of feeding the infant of wbioh ahe had charge, He then oat hi« own throat, and fell down be- side the, body.of hi« wife. A servant girl in the employment of a neighbour witnessed part of the scene through an open 'door, and gave' the alarm. Several neighbours then entered the house, and found the man alive, but speechley, and he expired fifteen minâtes afterward«. 