POETRY. fob eyeb. IVY JIENRY KENDALL. Out of the body for ever, Wearily sobbing,Ob, whither ?” A Soul, that hath wasted its chances, Floats on the limitless Ether. Lost in the dimn horrible blankness : Drifting, like wind on a Ben Untraversed and vacant and moaning, Nor shallow nor shore on the lee! Helpless, unfriended, forsaken; Haunted and tracked by the Past, With fragments of pitiless voices ; And desolate faces aghast 1 One saitli, “ It is well that he goetb, Naked, and fainting with cold, Who worshipped hissweet-smcllinggarments; Arrayed with the canning of old 1 “ Hark 1 how he crietb, my brothers, With pain for the glittering things He saw on the shoulders of Rulers ; ' And the might in the mouths of the Kings? This soul hath been one of tjje idlers Who wait with still hands when they lack, For Fortune, like Joseph, to throw them The cup thrust in Benjamin's sack. Now, had he beeu faithful in striving ; And warring with wrong to the sword, He must have passed ever these spaces, Caught up in the arms of the Lord," A second :—“ Lo Passion was wilful? And glad with voluptuous sighs, He held it luxurious trouble To ache for luxurious eyes 1 a She hound him, the Woman resplendent j She withered bis strength with her stare I And Faith hath been twisted and strangled With folds of her luminous hair. “Was it well,—0. you wandering waller, Abandoned in terrible Space 1 To halt on the highway to Heaven Because of a glittering face ?” And another :—11 Behold ; he was careful: He faltered to think of his youth, Dejected, and weary, and footsore, Alone on the dim road of Truth 1 “ if the way had been shorter and greener, And brighter, he might have been brave; But the goal was too far, and he fainted, Like Peter with Christ, on the wave I” Beyond the wild haunts of the mockers, Far in the distance, and grey, Floateth that sorrowful spirit Away, and away, and away. Pale phantoms fly past it like shadows ; Dim eyes that are blinded with tears; Old faces all white with affliction— The Ghosts of the wasted dead years ! “ Soul, that hath ruined us, shiver “ And moan when you know us," they cry ; “ Behold, I was part of thy substance "— “ And I,” saith another—“ and 11 ” Drifting from starless abysses, ’ Into the Ether sublime, Where is no upward or downward, No region nor record of time. Out of the Body for ever— No refuge—nor succour nor stay !— Floateth that sorrowful spirit Away, and away, and away. 