Iftor iiitny gtdtti ,.ir i very toNgo 00(1 highly rasprelahlhf atpdiece o9?ttfedfcbd'in the, l'rotestant Hull, lo?eicnstlb; itheiar r. James Greenwood, MA.A, deliver an address upon ?h Tha: 'reaoutE?dl l?cationol .Cotndition onftho Colony, tuli-thp ,l1tlitical. Sitjintion." 'Telreons also,u.copoider?abf nminbor of the ftaiutr etx lieteuot, *I4ott1, great ;amount of interest woas mani~qStod in ,the proecedingo. On.hio .appnearaueo,o, top . platforn, Mr. Grlezowood wuas .xoer3'y.warml: reeulr? Tie chir:was oeepled; by-thi?,?i ~ 6u. f New castle (I. .J. Show,. The i Revdt.. T. A. Gordoo :(,'res ottriou), J. . .Dohsod ,(Friritiro i?.9?lo'dlist), tuld:..W ob~son (\VW,? lyaon), with' Al dtrmiiht'1iohardeooo (Secretary td the' .f'eot?ii.?tldln raneh of the Leagno), were on thue pl!ltafrpui.0.¢ , .,... " " nie oati'.o ,' hik ttrouhing thu lecturer, siid that liO plshmed that he woas invited to preside at the mooting shinply becouse ho happoened to botlh'ydrof thocity. IHIoewold bhowever annlro thoru:l)reltt that hIe was personally,"d.ervy.lo?stoia that tihe blessings of education sloohlo e qtenodedto the limits pf ithis' counafry.'IT ho it' ho migl't soay,' withoutt entrehtthliiitg'm'hiu i.itidn as Mayor, that a gtchft"ltal of credit ",rs due to the tlmembers t tho:Publid"'choonl Leaguo, for lghoing~thown that in 1870 there woro in tits coaouy abotSlt.012Q,001 child'iro 6f from five tbflftern yera e' a ,foo. 7l,000o of whlom wre daily atscujt fronm chooltnd 0o,000 reeotving no edeitotii at 'l disclosing this Inmertitble stato' of educational destitution the tlhguo deserved'the gratitudo of tho country. It twas not, however, for him to Ray whether education woutld bebetter -diflused ly those nwho aidvocalted free, coomplUsory, luid tmnSctariatn eodpttionat or ibyotthors such is the iblie (omlinal oti:"n. o joild leave tlhtat ?for, th ..p cftft.. and thtd mcclhiift o ,iccertteioo. .o" wduid, however, say thut if the Ilttdrfitvited himt to preside at a meet :*0ifhi.fXfp.eltte, l ]wC acoofrlfoeeltt;ttis duty to &inily;" 'behusoah• woh-'o dnrihr'etd that ttte mnoro te sujtect woas disciused from anll pointst of vioe.w tli beotter it'i viild ultimatoly bo f6r eductlitiotl'.treforo.m Therpwas. howuever, i lo fa iei ltf I thl progatmtn of teio Lcag gto iftietb,' fIl eialcrlnt o mnoditeations, ole enrely Opirovetid of, namoty, tft compult. orn i houet. Sotaty that it hosnti.ritioh, tti lers sait on is an infringemen t on thio er liapro.'0f tlo oliryot., T tlwso'rohbsaid it whe un-Entliph, iwgiltd bo surprised to loroi'tliot iaiS 0Vsn 0W toaoid? a?l6d of in EiongUtld with thile morstbu-otlia resgolts. Aholorttimo ago, ho lead t htuito iiitlit Sydniy ieralfl fromi ttfiO?ond ' ttortospodei~c lat .of thatt awport;iu taltision th moetinltdiot '1dthation, ttat "litlo iron ]linid ofthe ]fa rwnos 0boutt to recsuo tile cheild from ttim't.tso of tlc uanatutrl'Ttroltt." Tifs towed l foon t it wos not" hostie to teit feeltoigsa of thutnglisht ptopl, nor Iotcrio. gctlgoo toplb Tid gl oithlinottotai:ton, tlltos "wiio Soud it ofaiiiafittfhgomeont on tho liberty of tilo stujet, forgot thatt many statutes arce reslrainto on tlu insfiootions of tte peoplu, anhd tig eity Eso. 'fhe tow toompolled the prentio plrovidn io'd todc to ldthing.for th. plMysiael renwui e Aunt9ltofiui clseild, and wly suhoutld .ati thu jisiho tutd (famishiug miidtt be trtcJidnd'fGrE' ({dutWo,'eoDr). OIf woa awaro that t the rting did not comio '.tb, larn him- liitii tlioy'liad tilwan with tltom t'hind tiey.oould hear lim at any timo. Tho liaitd road'tb ~nr: nant eminritt onthorlty on the. Edtueationu qluestien; otto rheo hoi mtvon;it t;greont deanl;of' thogt, a rd hoa ws surontltt if fll prtsont did not tnow.fam,perao?nllly, aft know him t lnd ough tho Press, by Iis oxcollentf speccs and leottoers. o (mur. Shanw) had grelut tothenroain iantrdleuoing'to the motling, Mr. GCreonwoid. (Alplattsoo).9.? to'r." ;fAloltulotC~Gt ,oon,-, ll.A., wlho on risiing to toddress tlte moeting, .wos gain wantfy:t reived,,s?td: I fod very moppy in ,actersing rso':largo, tn'. rossmfblago of tho interigenc,' and'Irttink I (may lfo s0 y timo 'becity;oe Newo nstlo, upon the all impoertant ,oubjoet. of neducation. tinm alo "thTinlu-fitr that I foe better tblt to address a minotG topnigttt bitan Iwao.:yestcrdt y oevening tne fmaiflnd. It:. insunlly tatts ,eo twenthy-bIur iours to recovor fromto m eftets of a tApl by tca.ttand I norlnot do..moro, than nrolrut alltdo tottoe mplaenmantbfioling attahling to 0ea sickness to ; exuitoyour ,uu inyittylthy, I" cen:: not I rofin ,howovor, from: on wnmtu ftating tyoug upon tifso ,veory eommodilis tttd ne0t struturo w htite you hyvo 0 prtiso worthily'eroctted asire.'my2.lst visit. It. certainlty rdfleoto, groat, crdit: upon. Vour 'enterpriso andt liberality; toand is Ga onmost deo tled improvmecnt.upon theo rathetr un favourhbla :onromotlinga of thu ,Thleatro: oyoal, inu.whio. hr.: Itirry afind' myrself oddressed yu.on my Jjit.vitit.' I foolit dte, uteforo coommenerng;. my,- aduras, to inofue soae kind of porsoana expholation as to my ppraraoe boneforayou.zthij ouoninig. Some ofrimyf tiend in riydnoy bludstoadk mo ,why I did not writsaor. .t·ictk. on. thc' dpoationlo question, and. heogan to ho': frairil that I -ttul forgotten 'it, They- ouglt. to are' 'r st'korn mo betto. Tilto rneason wfuy;'toirttver, I left off 11h6 agitation wos bo .eutauo. thuoniht: inll Itad boon dione thtat cotld ho dons for ,to dpreirn t. .The. Govornimont I nd taken sotne actin in .theio, matler,-rwhicol seoroitd to mo atu.thbetimeat uolicient.roesd. for keolpitg,tuiot rtingtlho,sossion. It than ?ltcmo tblu.bofuds 'of tiS o?eople to saoo thmt tlio tovorniutieat :dtd" thoir work in bringiint forwarnd anoter tis ' :'flonvdvor, U told mry! ffeunds tnttt if tlity coso'.tb moko the nerosn. sory ?runobemontf lthu't" '1"..,tofd give- a few leetnios: pSo 'flito 'ediationao l condition, of tto 'colony, nnoo also motto somu remiarfs upon Ito orcsho t.iolit itinal itunationt. ty offer wIos ocepted, lantd Iarm'hrr tri ovonil 'fg lidir tion unnsiticit 6f' tlf lto wcaotle 'ioneh :of'"tho i'tihblf . School . Learguo. (Proloiged teersll.) It lis nown r?oro than two' 'yerai? dfiiif .-''' '; :dorglcanaitio?n woo originated in tios colony, inder th?. nome of thu Publio School L(eagttt. It'felI tuf mj ?lotjto'tako onome promineitn part in the foimotion of tlt.t tooioty, nod a far larger ettaro in. ito:suiboequaont boortbtiio; than I over tontomplated. o'uru, spciR I gatttonzationu Naaong .oiticens who hnvo an teialiouiht fdiiuako tmtsolvea heoard by thoir represunto!iroe in f'Prliamnt arm rothor to be deprcated thon uono uragrod. Wo ore kit a voer io?noll 'populatin for so vast a colony a l New 2outh'"Vales, annd wltto wo waon i ia Annist, hiot division. (hleorl. '.W?qmnnotafffoed.to. ~.waoto; our. etrillh i onu oh ifi d parity: 1rhtsa; our pro.dpority, hnd' pro?oss depend upon :our poorer of efi-oparation. ,for: "h.cneat!md u ommono per poteo. Of: all .to gcat onid coutmon puitrpst witlj'vhich we havoie ' , duea tifdaJ d op.. of- itho ,niost:, 6po It eooernateovery ohild born iuhb fand, and oonedns. hint most umaterialyeot only duriunghlts sbhool ddyr buit f a the wholo..of Iis' htio. How many I rmn addresshng to-night:m?ho i?e all tho good tlhey have done, ad "all the succoess tlheoy iavo ntfahjhed,to a good educeon in theo fuill eCgo (of that word; eithttk selfLcquired or tnpaoited by those whose nauturdil duty ibii to trtln tbo pindo as much as to feed andut placedl under 'tbir control l ;,Hdw many hear my voice whosa wholo lifo has been.boudced ail embittered by.the resilts of early neglect I Suly; ijtfidrojs a thing in ill the world-in. respect to whlich we Australians should com hine, it is in the determination that the popular i norance,"-which was the curso of Europe forceenttri~is-shall ceanse to larken this fiir Anstrllian' land, anl that overy child bornm ndor the light of. that beantiful con oellation of the Southerni Croes shall b blessei with the light of- knowledge, if he have'o: other patrimony to call his own. (Loud and prulonged applauose). Tlint is thle pnr p'beso'fdr' wiich theo Pabliod Scihoolt Leagufe in this y cbldny was formdd.' Theroen?ro still. seorinl orgnnizations contending for a shanre tftli. sihon)j}ainhinally voted by il'arliament foripr"iinay educetion. Thcso'orgnii .fationss are ill the more powerful, becauseo they appeal to the prejndices, the enthusiasm, and also the piety of their mcmber; . -Enclr'on2of, these churches is a solomn league and cove nnet, so far as the tominont majority of their clergy represcnt theu, for the pr'opngation of iecturian d ogmas" it the ,expesou - of ,the Stnliatl. fl'ih ill not hivo.conintof seliools if tliey can "gdt the *Staite to 'piay\\.fio' cisectrian sclhools. For lifty yeors this unlholy war lihs been going on in Now South Wiilcs, and while the churches lhae been fighting for the money, the children have hcein etarving for,want of the bread of know. ledge. 'App~lmpla'se). .t Itf g they> oh-il sUe., ceedtd 0s remanrrlbly as tlich'l?,vo tailed in imparting iustruction to the children, it would still be wrong to Spend publicn money in ectariano teaching, and it \wold still be injurious to this colony to have the children taught in ceparate sclhools because of differ 'cnrea of;bcrecd. Ag\tiisotihat wirong iund" ,tit, injury I should'l;iv,6 felt it to be my:duty to pro:cst if erery child in the lbnd had beeon bromght inito te schlool; bhut I. shohld not Ienvo doedsmidit my duty probably to: tuka may prominent part in any,such special qrguinizna teon as -tlhatr nder whose auspicas I na lhore' to night. The feindaniesitnl reason foi'tlio. existence of tile League is the eduicationil destitution of thouisnnda of children in the colony, and until that destitution has been met.woe. shall never disband our forces, 'uit'" oir' ranks must .'gatlher 'strength day by day. (Renoswed applause).1 Ily first aimu to night will be to show yon the extent of this destitution in spite of that peerless Act which was to win for its puta tive author the glory of immortality. It is a singular circumstance that everybody who has oippo.Sdd this movement has attemntsdl:to. showe thatl tlhroisr to oiied for aniy change,' becanse we are getting on with the work of popular instruction very well:indeed if a few hot-headed fanatics would etily be quiet and let tbings .ulone. . y?pu nljde a great luna ii these nortlicrn tliatrictjoa *scu" seeokh'js ;', who gives utterance to the most admirable prineirles and general sentiments; but who goes ion~.yeai r liscf t'?irting the tale of what wonderful things tlhe exietinsg-Education Act hIa done, without tilitil 'thdflo'ii'htcst notice of the hiundrcd refutations whichli his case lUs received. (lHear). Ihavo heard it nid thtt sonib peoplotib ii tln e Ilabittofl'tlling an) nitjsihiyjhial storls Bo otten as ti cdein' to b. - liove it themselves in tuime. Whether theo. great mans in qrestionibelivevs his own,tale I calnnot tell, but it is not hlis fault if oilier people do, not beliveo it. . What I ask .you to do is to .elilsvu niobody's, unsupportecd. 'word, but look into the isatter for yourseoies. Here areothe latcst facts whlich are to be obtained 'frnisonr'Edieittison dceiartinent. ) During lest session Mr. Suttor moved for a return of tihe number and ages of ill childrei enrolloled in. all the schools of New Soith.>Walc under .lthled Council.of Education.. IIto.did that, as saom of you may remeoinber, alter c:ihailhgingj ao few letters, with me in the llerald, and pro bably in the hope of being able .to provo.:my eostimate of tho number of untaught children to be altogether wrong. MIr. Sitttor's .cas, I noedlnot tell you,;is tho latest on. th' sido of theDenomienationilistsiwhdich hasyo toappearcd and I hlouldhl not bho isrpi'is'od to licarn tlit the wrese?ost:'lhnouTilrTicasurer laed somcntliue ,to witl v its itrhrparatiosi: (IIef r heuar, iand Ieulu?blqj. . hbceo this iiturin hasi pulb lished' they huave never "niado us'" of it, and tihereforo.l will. o eaoitfor themn, as it wouldiho a pity not to tuir. tlia '.ponditeuro of public monoy. to,, somo .pjblio ?use.". ]oer, is a.tahio based ion Mur. Sstl'or's li>;'rcs, acd' on theilast icosius. n' owni jiidgiment it isthle moid important of the many whlich our "Educiatioinal oblstrlctiveB himib.; :oomjiehl io iiuoe to prepare I will at once hand a copy to the gentlemin of'the Press, and'bcg for" it- theo spccial !totention of the public- - 4I1,33 n 3laini'ng i 3t 173,0 .hrow 1u3.0 t 1" z 33(3 "'30 13,73 , untg nd spAk Yin round 1Xnumbr ·lOn the" 31st of 1Ma1rch of.. t 1presen year9 3r 3e1 ,7., B LII'1303)35 167?b0 | 73) (3 |! ,33303' 70,13) 3c ildre3t 3i3o0 133,120 1 t,31o. o ,7l's 10 11' 3'93.3ill''' 1? 30' .2-.64114 . Io ,1. li| |o.3i ?2.3( 1,1,6230 0 ,1317| 8,33'.) 1 i,,i.t 10 33- i 1.- .10, 333.,: . -..9 ,,4 .-( 0 'o .141: e'3.1 23 13 ,)4 ". 3(473 ,'+ 0,3' unit.00(an93 sptek 1in (ounid numbers. COo thio holt of 3,orclh of 0th0 prcesent year thiorn waoro 7(,0300 clhildrc'xo eriolledl in 'nll thie' Cohne~ll " sohools1 for the quarter en301g on tha1 d.y. Their nges ranged from 61'p to 2-ye1yr. The scnool, age is from 4 to 14, for that i1 both the ago 'ixed in thi reghrlitionif0e1td'th11; ago ,0t which children do go to school in con. oiden1blo proportions. --Inthe table,-1-which-i . have no doubt the Pressr will publish1 , 3you will ooe olth0 number of ;childrn of each ago fro so. for to fourteeniiy.arog. g oqni. tgi t list rcensus, the proportionl which tlleso w0ro0 to thd whole' population asit that: time, 'and 'the., 'number of. children of.cach. ago.noov.in .the colony on the supposition tha)t tllheir prolpor tion to tihe whole popdlntion is the same a0 in the consusoyoar, becauso we have no otherb ieaus of0riscertainilng t0lt0. Thlo'nboxt coldmn give0 yqu.tho number enrolled nccordling to this'rcturn', with a correcifbn of ton pe?:?ont., for do1ble annd treble onrolments. Youlinow that we have a very migratory populatlon >jin Australia, ant0 in coisocquence, a large number of ammos ,appear two ?or thro tim0s in. thoi rolls ifliffotutR'ldhool.li , Xo attldiipt sdems' to'hayi'beeri mad liy our', ediietiorinal autleif ritieli to.o'oli'rtain what tlis pio:opoitiin is ; tlt' ii Victdrii they fouiid it to ho 12.8419 or cont 'of th to'tl~iole groos cerolhniet, br inoro thni' one-gh1th. Very likely it is the amo in this olb0y1, hbit 'I have cofl genero101,' an13 have tak01l it .at only one-tonth-a proportion w'hich ~vill be found below the marlk'if 'ovir wb get a'propcr istimnito.' Cimparing' tho' last t wo coluinsiydu 'twill ioe tlht,'it overy, ago withiu the school ternim we" ,itdo i larger ntuimi r of children lunaccounted for thaln we 1have ouenrolled in all tihe Conncil:s selol. For tife b?holo cbl'ony'we'lhavre 3,880 frbm foir to.. fottrtoon years ouenrolled; but we hlave 92,000 altogether outside theso l .chools, everry one of whom ought to be reeeivi.ng- (3ile odu cation in som0 e 0 0ay olr othr .,c.(bul ). .1 ani 'plledj and' no. mcst sibk".' i l?b' te Inagnitude of this dostlttitioil. Iroi i i paturn, which certainly 9n1ot0 halve been repared for tioe bonoflt of' thl Pibli0'iSohool. League,. buto,wa proailly asked for in orera to' oontto 'me;; "buo 'Whirli tl?7ea 'd 'uch stronger caso--ratlhr, a 'nioro clOEp&bt; case -0tlhm we over Elaimled to hoove mu0 0 o0t. !or your quartdr of '0iiilli~'if:tax'fid;voted fte primary education for the erroent year, you haliao 'aixtr-threa thdlousand children 'of scho,,l ago, rocivingb moro q??ds of lioneflc ; but you Ihave ninlety.nine thou?sn?d ahofthior outsidle.it its proviiliuso Iii Iltprobability, thp?re ao not tlhirty tloa~noryl bhlldrhen tmoro to h3 folnld in all the priwt1 gdfrools. cioirit ablo institutions, nilght ''oool1, ar1nt u r tutoro and 0governes 1 a0t 330,11, tlrnog3r'3D 2 the whle edolony. }lit; 33(t3 for the03 at313oiea, aOd foP those w'1o hve0 lie , c,:h ol 3o0 b0011, but lnlt lhavo received. Aomo' i03,tru03o000a0 liberal, tc01m 1 (3(s OVer 73 please; andId 1ask si an ~w Soo 0C1t WVales, who cares forth ita uth and ivill 'fi?"d his reason, whether'I;havoi?not ,underrated the case oll along in mnintiining that weo iirtst have at-leat:'fbrby thousatnd children growing up without instruction. (Hear, hear.) lum utterly weary of halving to be.erpetoqally corking out these miathLat ieoa Ibti8rnles iind wlient I seeoo f betf a strliig mio ni tihe face, I hold o Iitse to Ito.nynin~'. hood, false to mycottry 'falseto myt y Gon5 not to sprakout boldly, without fear or. favour, ior any mon living. (IVehement fitd'!rliiitrlato fiUpItlseoVe).?'N ?t his 'been' aaa~tntincd ·. ~.thhts. Foo~ioi'prscreb 7 s:chool system is overtaking -the wants of tho colony, tand that there is no need to disturb it t Surely you have lcarnt by this tine to dlistrut bald..assertion and askle for eoLmo priof. Ot tlhis ponlt also yOU shall fiidgo for yourselves whether my statements ore not substantiated by proofs wllhih nobody can galinscty. InT8f7 you had a populedion of 117,620, of whom 64,740 were emirlled in all yotr GoveOmelnt aided sChools, nud i2,25i wero.mn i verag'?.atto'ndance. In 1875 you had a Epopulatroiof of. 00,062, of whomi 101,399 weoro enroled in your Governmuent chools, and-LiO.1 woroin veragoeattendatice;. Diear in mind these are thle gross enIrolments, tnd represent far more than the trueo number of distinct childreti, and it is not their' tbsolttushlut their 'ronmpr::tivo tallto of 'hliiel"d 'w'8"~j n So? ?nk. Whenl ML'. ParkasO aid several other defenders of things as they re, spoeik on this subject they alhvys stop 'ithl these figures, and seem to thiti tho piblio are seuch donkeys as never to compa:ro the increase in the scheool attedance with' the; incraseo of thty,-populaltion. To 'avold thids cornpan7ttop,'aut brIe tto ,lon persist in doi?,g, not wi anit ntdling it 'hitldred refatti tiont, is positively dishonest, and is the yretatest inslt.b.to .the intellilgnce of the publio of whioch'thsy'could be guilty. (Ilear, hiei). WVliyuwil yo1c'let themin misletd you in the i''ay they ittro been doing for yeiarsi In proportison to the pipulation this wondertul ,ot, whiich is said to be working so well, has rai'ed thle enrolmont fronm b1,i to 1i7 per cot.: the averago attendntnee frou 7 1-tit to 7j PIer.U nt.; It hats tihen nino years to do th"tt. ?Eight genrs ago, and eachl socceedilng yetr, the proportionate average atttudance was larger thani it is ntowv In 1811, five years ogo, the proportionsto enrolnment wits Inrgerithan now. Is that a ign of progress ? In a single year Victoria, ndl'r her new Act, raised her tlrolhnont to 'ove6.tii por"aettk; tdu twerago attendanceo to 1:3 per cent.; andbclore that Act came into forcen i 1871, she wast in a better position than we are now. At the samto rate as that of Victoria wb ought to ihave i0,000 mnore onrolled, and iearnly 10,000 more in average ittei'ditaisdo thin we Ihad for the year 1875. VlWhat think you, gentlemen, in view of such facits nas. thest.. what think yous of Mr. arkes' statementit ut Mturrnrtundi oi the 2ndl August nlast? that "the work we have done is a great and glorioeus work, and will sttand comparison with thalt of most countries under the sun.,' Arothlso.aets, suchi as the honor able gentlemt inpleds'fbi'. "i facts that ought to makot uts in a larg mzecsure saistfied with what we are doing." No man who tries to Iroe lhis ICneighIbour as himselt can Io eRatisied with such fatsq tndt I nm persuaded that the people of tliis counttry hIave too muacli 1eood setOeIs 'to-Be. ;hgillled by these sophistrieC imuch longer, andt too much pahriotisni to .let : thiq sttnabling.block of lopular ignorance stand iii thie day of 'our nation'ial advautcement. I appeal to this mocet il~li to the Pross, to the whlole reading public to decide ol.wheother I Ihave not proved to deminotadtitibn ?' thides twvo p'ointt--frst, thatt the ..odutiitionn 'deetLitition of this colony is 'frightful 'to contemplate; and, sbeondly, that we' are' failing to meetin hg that dcstituttoht' inetiy'aldelutate degree. (Loud tiplnust). "'-Before: p1roceeCdilg to my utx, d*oItibit; e'lt' me itterlposo an few woidd i s iiehinowledgmentn of theIo services of aill uhlo lnitvthelped 6n tle enuseoI of publio eiiligltenmeint"in thutlta nd. Ior his ablo spepHclie?, atdi hif:.nobl6, services, of Itlf, ier.' ltarkes 'hlus iievor had a warmer publi' 'a]hrilii?lb'dhlgteb'i then it hirs hiad' from ite. To'di'e,''it seem a most'irigiri ? I thig'thilt 1 Ihould-thbe:'to plead in 1870; 'eltht'all the pol'idna i~f?omtiomanud; for that very caise of na'tidnitl'Ediuatioi, for whicht eto pladetd s ti 'leliditlyj in 1*60 ; aid to ltkead taittst, him, Us:sthe foremost defeondor oh th'reai6tioil,'uliich'16h is pleased to desig nato a compromiset...hver did one word ii opposition to hiti fUll from imy lips, till:ihe himself poured.,ridicule upon a numbef of citiuitis ilio haue as IItteih right to think and speak on this sublject as Ieo has, and then I felt it ily iduty to show if posesiblo that peopl who ilevo argmnent for ridicule shoitld haive a very strong case to justify their choice of wecpons. It would hayo been falr more pleasant for toe to fight by hiis side tuhn agatinst him, and I 7vi not conceal ty opiniot that his oppositiosit las retsrdei the work 'of nantional oduttatibn loro than'any tIlinggelso couol hav done. If Iheo had thrown hirmsdll.liddi atd:' soul into the nmoornent w]tieh ]lo began in 186ic le would probably have betn i'remier of New Soutil \rales it this doy. hut after several yellrs of ilice, I uinderstand lthat "he does not like to fight I 'tle paitsons," ddoothero will hitvo to finish the wiork which hIo began so wll. lb would ill bhcouto me to say otne word in disparngement ofministers of religion. In their ranlks thIey nlenber some o1 the most upriglt maen, somne of tile inost enlightened, some hIllo are well worthy to be teachers of thie people, sotio of the mostli patriotic mten to ie found in tie colony;' 'FTie thi'.dc iin fromn theoir eculesins tical bins, and I believo the gre:Lt mnajorityb would pronotnce in favor of conmmon schools for the children of the peopile in areferencoe tbO setarian'stchools. All good and'ltun o men ilho read dnid think for tihemselves cannot ]heolp wishing aill other people to reaid anmd think for themsulve,;and socne non muest be atneig the best friends:of populareiducation. Yet, we carmot disguio from oursaeli?'s the fact that the only two OCtrohes in this colony that insist on -numaitintaining Deonominational ihbohuitoutt of 'public fuinds, arete th two in which .the clergy haveo most power, and the' Iaity 'least. ( pjlauce). I throw no atis. pision on the motires'of theso men. ,They are actuaterd by a desire for the roligious edtcaotion of the people. I also Ia ano aunxious forthat, as. tuoh .as.they are; and I'tioisdd sober scb'thbe'lhildren gitliered into tiny Chi'ri, tthtim'ablhdoned to thid tempta. aions of"thi strefts.," But, surely, it is none. onb thling to teach religion, tnd another to malko tile Stteo'pi'dy for that toueaehirig. 'Chris tianity, when liho was poor in this world's goods, coniaored heathonimn witlhout a peniny front Cmsr' Trneasury. (Applutusse). lhoe hb sp tiompl6telylbst. her pristioo'strength that thie so ennot'mako Christandom worcthy otfits nunieo,without the shoolmusters' sin, and the emoluments of State patronago. If. our common"'Publio schools had in their o.irricultrit aneything whioh coeld' he ai reanqonablo ground of concoiontions objection to any clss of citiOsnli 'tliey w'outl be jisti fled in their opposition,-at least, so fair ts to seek a remedly for the wrong. ( pplauas). Butthoe. point to w?iJeh I desire hero to direct youilr attctioniise 4tht? tht en'rioinltum'of the -b'uhtiiie Sphtools- outtvo so far it may be ita-. proved bl thos intodtuotion of hotter' edtica' tional m lthods,-ili a fair'basis of agreemoetl for all dkqmilmtlions. I will give yout two facts'fiPitutpport of'tliat.u' Of the Chureh of Engladd,'-tLcro' a ro';,twentyt.io tlhotiNd seovun liutndred and ninetetr oildron onbollted ints Public school.s, atid only t'n.thouuomlmd tdt 'ixest~vo ill Church.of dtaglaud eehdols. 4'f 'tlh thureh;of l otonm, there are ton tlomausl'd t-ia liutdread anti ninety enrolled inf' l'lili, eltools, and only two thousand six hundrod and nit iety-seix in omatn Catholio shodls;, iftb atll"oth Chulrehes hlOave sigified'C their realintess t .giyu tip Dulonliioatioaol iihools oltog.etlir. Tiit is oeta fact; aind if attelnd ltmie cti tell tsu1o eto l l iuti lb e wishes of par5cntsc , ta h?,g mtiaioricy of the two litndhtg IITurchIs rt ro saotiliCd witli thO Commonn ;cholu?s iil navithlaLntdinht alil tSi fores of ceeleailttuital paoDa~gutism by which thay have eon assailed., Lou' appi?o.,* The otliherfiof iii.thi''li,~gn al'ho dne'Thondred and ninetyvcnoDfi?om?ii?ih t dnala r otiad f the colony, this Phiblio-Soool acu'rr:l-o'm is adopted without variation, o 6?Cpt-that.an·; hour duily is set aparrt for special religious itruetion; and it io ostensibly for the suke fgeting thalt hour, that the dcmaud for deeloirann schools is made. Of course, there srduothler rognlations in regard to tle power of 't clergyman in his own school5 but so ifar ad teaching is concer'detlicihle difference: for Wliih theDonominieiitioist'lista io ndemteod ingc, is'to make the Stalte schoolastoer their religions instructor for this' one holnr daily. h'owi hold tlsit " this ii dahltog ctl h r unfair . .It is unfIir to the schlolm-ster, for he lhas tbo'do part of the clergyman's work without any of the clergyman's pay, and hle iss tb .,fibdue the same results in the seOleo)r cuirricuihii with four lotusi dail'; tljst Pblile school cnasto,:i oadiio 'viltlrlve hours, in ddtfault of which le is lilkely to get a lower clossifea- tion, '.vhich will matrfiidly alffcct hlis 'salary. It is nutir- tolthe public, bocais-'ono.-ifth, of the time of its, teachesas is .abstracted from those subjoctd f?r?r "llich ildrio the 0tnto is asked" to piay, and given to subljecti whichl ofterh nre, and moy be alwvas, the smost violdntly deiaorian. Onc-lftl llof theI day is slp nt; in .one 0]ass of schloolsl, in tealcliiun thot' a certsin. set , of roli"iepeo, opiciloos ore Ir loost, silat'ler isuotler tlhs" 'dof schlools that they are ftoasoanod the Stato hals to pay both elsees- of tcpoheore,, not for four hours,i bst !fdfth'o..h'bds . ivoiet .(IIee icl'.eI.hser.) ut·'it will proloiblr be sold tiot. sn hour s day min alsoe to dliihjo'd ini 'tiblib schoolo for religi-' oss inotreitlii .' rrilPr 'isel e lint in thlt cas tlhd lStliteo' has hot to. fihdthh' tecelr. bL, 'the chlerches 'tlihlse'y'! 'If four hoers doily ob' ??lon i ein'gi for 'rdilnary school worl, "th, .ten' cber's' iiliir: ' : rolatively I imprcisedh by' diao- tlth, 'either by 'giving him more loisunoo or moto timhe whichl' hleo can profitably spend. Thuns, whichever way our. frlenid if' the' opp8sitiei ttire, tloy cannut' get ont of the p)ositioei 'tl?tb"y thleir denomuind fui sparit ols,,ithal lo ili ' sno.lifthl of .the schloolmastsors' tilhi) occupied.,!in ipecitil religions instruction, they are paupers uponl tile State, ndut phnsionui;pol thle general lulblic pnrse to that extent. .And, then,.if this hloer a dily hn, b6. set tipart Ifor religions instruction in every public schbl in the coloey, prbvided tie clrceles will find the teachers, on iwvlhat !retisioidilo ground can tlhey demalnd sepalaintoschlools for this pare pose. (Applanuse). On tiles poinit, I hlave booeen sevoral times:nceened of lbeing reticent. My opinion nowr.id:exacstly whalit our pro grnnamme han .st forth,fros tho,lirst--" The' Lfeagno does.not objeot to this, provided it eau be done. without cost to tlhe Statc,' withont favor to-any One, denomlination, all n witlhout injustieo to:'acy olass of citizens." If the chelrches could ,only'.culbihleo spiong them selves on:tlici terms, I, for see, should lhaver no objection' to;,their. nso. of tlheStato' building dsuring this oeo houar, because tlhat would cot' tio" Stubto nothing., If 'it i not tshe buseii'ss of'thei State to teacl: religidun, neither is it tli uosipyos qf the Slate to hinder thle 'aclii'g pf' rclijchi by rofusing the use of 'the 'biiildig, :when she does not w·it thlem hlereelf. Th diftliiiilty, Ilosevdr,: is not witi tied Sth't t; is' with.the Churolhoes. They cannot 4g'ree hinoing theinsclvos in detinieg wlcit 'eligiol is; ull'd they, are earcrcly lilkely t6 be 00 accommodatilng s' to arrange terms oci whlds theey chin fairly us?a this privilgi, whicLh our.regUlations already gile thlli., (Apji.?eloiu ).: To ecil our Publice scliodol' gdllec, is ea ilosestanton chkrge, und altogether latie,'u.'Abdcif'isa'ee"il t ecrlipturo' lessonti ceid tho bedsineasy rchding beooe whicih all cleldeirc'ieiilsje'b 'ratlile tics tfeeet !osenti' meonts'otf pibty, morality, and religion, to be foundd in our biaelitifel ]Ehglish. htereatoro. Bft if the want of thie sidditiolial lhour of spcoial reelegons tenvclin' ie the ground of the chtiargei let thie Churches .bury soen q tlheir aninioeitcy:t'itowi i ld. :'chl other, .andd become the exampless of that elharinty which is.tic vocry acsscncof aleslircllon, anf't'l'ey emay ilay even this, .ingodly". :'ghost with ,hlechl they JvoIe boon soelung frightening tlceir.ndtherllcentse, bult wshi:h is eithe a spectre of thein osn: imaoeilgction,-orsa iel thact lies at their own ' door.. ;.(Loud ApplOuse). Oneomore point, and I shll lhaveo done withl this part of.my subjeot.. You have seen how grcet our "c,,edu aIibtiiil '\;ants; are icc this colohny,; eniorlasr olorly we are overtaking theon. 7lou "hli' I, belicyo).mlateredd tlio rgu'mntinffavoir of one cliEs Of comm'oi chools for ourl.children, in whiri seetari?n difference ?shall hanio no More recognition than .tl?eiave .in .i nturo,--lwho somenhov niakeoo. Protitaet'and'Catholi" chlildroen wono derfelly alikc, never considers, whetherthcy. ire to he one or' the bther. Accepting tlhesad schools sos thb' basis of a nationol systeom, the question is.how can:thoy be mado universailly availitblo 'fEr. thc :cchildlron of tlcis coilohny' -First, our eodliaetional dlepatmcent mist cov?o thl:coustry with l'schools good anld conm noldidu s': but nd exltravagant. They must nmako somothing like a census of tho whole coiloi?a,, ind othonce builleischools wherover they ire ncdled;e and in ciwdisltriects ths. 'cosct d?iicipato thb.loail dcllmnd by seem;ing largo, cecntrl and converonient sites; instead of lagging ti?venty years behlindl. 'That is the lriest t'hing to bIe doidi, ciil withll tlhd piesent Act' a compectent 'Minidter ' of. 'Edncation, whid ucndoretood 'his' duty toit)ie eoucntry mighlt accomplishl this, w.itlhout waiting for the tardy pace of legislation.. But thecn will coono the lquestiot-Io-low shalil wo get tiheo 'ichools lilled when we have crected them ? . Very m ny parenti will :reclquiro no other Shincilllli thleil tlie existenco of a good slool within rensonable distaenc; 'but there ore othr'eri.who will not let their lchildren learn if it costs them a sinegl lenUeny, or if they can earon., is 'elny by their lsbohner. Do yon think we are bound to lit thoso'eunn:itnra, parents deprive their chlildren of one of thel most eossntitel cociditions for sitoeccss in lifo; and train mony of them for hiepelcss degctsadn tibn,"misery, id' ertmesnl Areo we not iall bound' to eoefess with shame thatwe have hIundred.of hlnesies both in oar cities and inc tlio''tish,";l:"-ibh iire hotling but fiactories for iiaking loafersi, rongabonds,' 'irostitfites, and thieves.' If :yoix' give parents liberty to do this, whet iabout theo 'rightsi tad ibeorty of thi 'rhild ? ? Vih'him it eausct be either comn plesory iedcation through :the 'ocre of tthe Stato, or compulsory ignioranc through thb neglect, vice; isnd oltslliness of the parenet. If everybody did right, society odoeil need eio: hlw at ll, .it is for the wrong-doers 'that laiv ari mildo. "Hdro'ii osn- of the grossesl wrongs' indor the. 'un, and 1-sayl it is barbarousa not to haso ilaw, wh'ich wvill meeot it. dr. 'Ierkes told yeou that lhe Inow of no eoantry whore compulsiobh hies -ucoceeded. Wheln I£ read that in papers, do yon Inow it relqtiredctho utmoest stretch of lsy cspaneioy for eredetliy to bolive heim.: H?d doea not know ef arsy eosuntry. w'hos it hiss aupceedlod h. Ti so 0 ?0uch the worse for. his .. knowledge5. for it itc half a cont-cry. behind : the d.y.y WhVlat hle has been doing willh himself for thleo.last fow years, or what lio' fancies otheor people ihave boon dobing, I. cannot iningio. Tlhoro is no contry in welisol it lhi. becbn tried whore it lhas failed. -.In- Germany, Swviteelsnd, 'and osovecal o. the Uned Stabs dof Ameorica it bihs onad'e "Jiluotbio lmert univeriil. I li, ii: laist-euneo d country, they aro 'preliirincg mneasurs not to repoi it, hibut to make its pIroesions geonoral for all thCi States. cIn lfcoltml, it nppo?ius ttho 'whple county in Englancd, to 8.por cild;:of the wholeo bnoroegh poqpoilation and soti reitionrli Co'iservativoe Gd.o'nment psised a 1ill thlrigh the iLowero lfouso Iest eosision; to npply ?root compulsioo' to tlo wholo cosutry;. In Vleileoris, it hair illgld the Stalte" seho ols to overflowing, anl undelr its action,.QuoneulangI is beginniog to laes us *liard hi th?e gereat rnoo of satiuonai tlehigonfe. I am astoea~d hat u sanyypiblis maci, who valtes his ropulation, dare maleo, seoh astatomonit si Mr. avrkes did. Burely it imcot lbo bocases ho Ie lioves ,oue c'U to le strlapges tilan one makeos itiout tlhat, the ]wople 'genrarlly are so ignoraen o Inot to Lbe ible to read lthe amlver"w whc his rlo iduciotis aeitlgioan was se; ?to call foIlrth. We need tisL cosmoouleorsy iov hen ou imtsueh as thoy didolsowhsc Xbelicvo two-thirds of tih . pec6pl? hro~rsisiJ.. avou of it. It wll ba )assfrbwn fisalf if.ratlibunion at tile bhllot-tbs. don't?lrcrthllhhsf'iylio throw away sossol,: aftersessaeibdi without ttempting anythie more than a little bye-plnywith so augont qeetion. In regard to tlho." fro," part ~. tihe League programmo I. aolil say only on or two words. 'iThe annall2lu'liamentary vot has now been brought up-to a quarter of : million pounds. T'lo fees foa last year wer, f;501000, our.sdsitioAl thlerfore is this: four fifths of tlhe cost of primiry~oeducation is pait for out of Ipublie funds. It cmnnot affect tile: prinoiplo of the thing wlheotherthel otlheor fift. shlitll orshalll niot be paid unt of these fainit, also. As asmutterofo elodionpy . think it better to hlsvo ta Iinitumostasoniill of in otiuction nmdo compulsory, and that mini isnn made free, willth fees for all cxtar sub jiects if thalt is tsoughit best; Whataofer cluse we pu5t lihtae osiee weh ought not to put a tax onbralins; or, if yon will pa.rldo a figure borrowed fromn the rlacecourse, wlhatovr elso we handicuiji, tlihe intellect of every child shonhll -isio fsidilay to do its best. The law san crateol i nonopoly of fortnou, but onever anmonopoly ,of brh n,power; hero tho chil dreen of tlhe rich sand the pool: setAdl'on a loevel of- euality. ' Thus tihue vnrions liparts of our Ieagnuo psrdogriu no hold togelther, and one osupports tlhe others. Tlie qulstion is how is thalt promgrnsuao to be 'roalikol,':,and that is thse lest thing on which I have to spuCnk to night" (Aspplanse) Tlio'pbolitical sitostion casn be sntLfsetory to'nobod: whovib.wlshes thu peoile of this colony to bhseqsll to itsoppor tlnity.A At. tho.last election, we were ooin polled to oppose "?r:.Psrkea.hy our votes ald voices, becsuseho wo!dd oonsaells to notlhing blut a fOew patches pst on to'hissold Act, ceonediung no prilciple, and of littllpnrctical v'alse. fr,"llobertson was called topowcr; isnd sqveral timesu ,his 31inibtey lloss eCos saved ,lby .the voles of sens who declareol tlhseliscicn'et thi lhustings to be on the side of tlis fLeagtsi. - Thd littils' ill bI osui.ht in last 'wdsion wa s anothlbro nipiromisie4 so cruds mod ilpraecticable tlhat it is never mentiioned now as ocer likely' sigghit?' see!theo light of day., It aisrived thioespiilosoe of Tcllng tlse pulso df tlhe Asembly, aids'of the country; tb sa?hy thni thlis is the clief iurposso intended, w'oild scerOely 'be consOidered eosrtooss blt whei:it Ihas erved thatspurpisosl its promoters, wore scant mourning at its funseral, and tcstificd.oh isnioety.to restore it to life. With one or two exclptions. tha votes of those who Iad pnblicly pledged themaserles, to thse satiqnual systom, andito the ixtinetion of sectarianimu, wore. witlh theGovcrnnmont in tlhe critical .dtivison,, and .thloyare with the Govrmnlent stille l If- yotu sak them swhy. they wilL.p~talably- reply.:" -' -hsat is the gaood of. sputting oat Rlobortson, to put in arikles p-tho one willo.crvotsus no bettor thnn the othr hass donos;' autdflftr. Garrett 1td sny authlority for a ilit' wlich he droppod in rsllitnUooats -nexs-onion mnay see i very dilffereit IIioassuro, introduced front -ust. -Tl'ho :unioitisatod .o peplo.oltaside can hlave notlisngto do witli those intrigoes; but wlhcn next electtiosi comes, we nmuot judge osndhidltes for.onr isuffrgessci, by their per formsnces, their broken plcdges, not by their prorniscs'for tsho-fslturo. What is the use of rsendisngy?io.to- l'rliamont on ,thel trengthl of certain x.epreseHiltibionhs, aild then find ourselves deserted )vil ci tlio time of trial moines. 'They tit"lluso we" ar in a sainority, but how are,\ye to knlq3v thlst, dhel'n the very mrin'who in.tlis maifi agreos with us, vote right ins t)-dtoetllof-their aivowed opinions ? Of idl public- questions now before the coontsy there is not, oneso.urgeotly pressing for iottleiointo usthlis. .Do'privato member cnun leapo to ?deadlwith,iit ;: iis.a; iquestion for it Gooericsoent-no ministryoughlt to be por misitted-ti postponoi. it ilonger. WVe, of the League lhave;: be.seiilieoat for a year, bcauseu we had dones our best. to enliglhtonl the country.- andqlsmo wore hIoping that Parlia imenst ?oeild le-lshlie in tise direction of all sutional systems that have over been ouecessful:'-"Therc-is-s.o -resodt why the :presfieit'O",?~ci i~sditeh'puld not britig ia mnensure next session Personlly thoy ought to be in sysmpathy withll antionat system, for ven thle two nolnbers who hlavo avowred Donominstional proolivities are men of capnity anud of liberal sympathies. Somnething is expated front tllhemn by the 6bciuntiO utd if oar expectations are doosmed- to disippointment we klnow tho remody.; For Iwoo years r we Ihave becn pointing to'thse i0,000 Utcl lren, whoo are doprived.of all share in tllit'ducational rprovision for whichi their parents' pay in toioiiion'. ,ith:: iillflulis taxpayers in tlih colony. -Our ,oplponents have tried in ai hnldeod differont ,wvnys: tor-nibsl at those ilnures and ivoro thesih down--'ulid prove tllhat thu, negicteld .ons nre not eo ilnlnerous, iusto?d of otraininig every nerve to bring the negloctcd(oes in, iEe ry. hnlnog they nl'iso' givrn tis' lisa§ eliply'-frishrislcd freshi vridero tlst thie launbceri nio oenaiggeratio, but a most aplpalling reality. To-day, in spito of all thieprofessed wish ofiall parties to extend Educatios in thle colony,,wo are worse dt~ielatisayly, to thli Iaolslhlationrthan we wore eight ycersi ago, nisd still tliY i~bh calling for delay, at if- tlmt wore the perfection of wistdom. , .Things like this nle/er care them obliea by is61ly ; fisrlio&, leirovalslind thomt offletawhlicl can never be recallted. To have nse.funrthl of thel risinsg generation shalot up in tlhe dnsngcon of miental daisnass for life. and some of Ilthem pining in prison for break ing the Ilws which they wore not oven able to read, is too heavy a ponalty to pay for thisl eonwardly, selfishl feeling of perpetual delay. I hIave doell all thalt one man wull colulh, toi utl tim lno state oftlho: ease before the IblioD. -But it is thepooplo'p'Yoico thlatlmust dedido? ,setyour o0v;noniiiOnSi U senssie, yoar love of jlustice, y'our ginerouS s wishl to save over: child in-.theo anud from the curse of igtorane, prompt sour actibos, and it will. not be lonireforee gin? Gogo's wish shall borealtsd here as it-ill sooan b ill Engimdl -rthat priery clhild in thl'lhiid shall hbe able to read the bible inhis oIi mnotlier tongoue, and then it oill he t/is faiult ofltlio chlurches if .ho hI.s not also a lIJib)o lt:rcnd. (Applause) i Thse ev. T. A. Gonoaos thon moved thle followi;l 'resnlution'-."T'hiat this mneetiog desireos nto exprcss its maobt helicrty thanks to, Mr. nTames Grbiensod for hIis excellent and timely aiddivoss, and nccepts as the only.means of eatabllishing a truly nathidnal syatea, of cducalion, thu programmeo of the Iibhlis School Loagsl, thhat to,b9 nstional education, iIsIst - isneusllsr, cosnpuils , nuid freeo." 'lhey had. l allgroed that the education of of the yosng, of this land .was s smttslr of the most momentons impertance. lecayso bo himseelf folt so, hle was hearIt andini-l vith: the League,o, as: he - believed that their .mnnifisto Droscribed the only plm wlifh fllly met tho ense. . lio ieorld take it fgr gmintod. thai,all present wished to seeo the thousanils of childreo now :ropwn g up in ignoraneo.iuthe colony, thlrsfibly elucated. I)uhomitiittionalissnt hotd utterly failcd, gjpd from : the- statitic~ s th- h 'hid heard inat evoniesg they had fos ol.ftl tlhes Pnblia School.systoms, us ast presontconstituted, had not overtaken this great work,/. Bisystem s~rs wonted rwhich woull Ially mnegt'tlicas-e, one tisit 'ndi, tisulynationalh;id u o'such a svtcent unst of .necessity be nlso 'colniphlsory and fice..: Coipuloiyg so faiits primary edhucation was- eCaiieoneDai-tl?t is, the acquisition of the powner to read.- 'writli nd suiphes It must bo"eonsiltsory anl frco, ?ut il\in is no apnliatiton to the Itght hsra chs of " onr ulutibi-': Thsis s iRj th"' Leagioe shscd ' ' -b, adnd sooner or laterit would sur l6'ron day obtain, and the- sooner it was obtuincd the better itssould, bo .for ailU -o?m ed. (Louil plansa)... Thero.Wore twvoai three tlings ie wsld Ilto to hav e roferiu to,. tut theo hou brici" latoe lii fild pbsitobnp his remarkas 15 a ftusreiooasosies. Onsi ws- the opp-ositiso whih 'the ls Lnguoos wis mbe?tin'., as?dl the gronndsd sp~l whith ' hkuit. oppoasititot I iseiwsu lo reI it. d:'lodiid-srilmos suvs l~cull. hIsus solmn t bossit'thib h~iles CoiatunldifS but thi lnmst h ali b? e dfterred. 'osr his os 'lurt, Ie wouild'rilee thie sc.hools to oreg te ntlqd oo the sysltemon m h s d IfI dir d .? tchils in which a 1urtiOn of sthe * 'was always risadevery' day, w ithlout note or· " .eomment, and ho wondered why tois systoer' w oos not carried ,out in the schools of a Uhris Stian country. After 'a.fewmore remarks, he moved theo'resoolution amidst applause. •'cTh6BRev? . S.'Donsoo' seconded tohe reso. . listion, and in doing so, related somt of lhis \- ownm'oxorioecesill thlcolony, whicrl proved tho ncesoity'for seine bettcr system than the -. iprrsenttorlprvioiudg foritho esluttioni of tho rluinggencration. -".:: " * The Csl\isee then put theo resolution which was carried with .cithulsiastic' ap 2dse..T. Oss Gnniwo, inrtrin tur thanc, •said toot thie. greatcest olcmowlmdgm?nt lih' * would receive, was to sco them all bestirring \- themselvesin the use. Hoe reminded thlimI of the elections being ait Iand, peCirhaos nearer than inany tlhought. At Iall events, the pro sent l'ailiamont must expsireo in January next, by ellluxion of time, and they ougut then to takle care only to send in men who were in Sfavor of the pri?nciples of the League. fn. Gimaswoon then invited questions -upon the policy of tlis I.sagyu, bitt all proesent .- cemed uperfetly contenst winu'the e statemcnts nifoeded them in the address, and no o0,o rretpond tlulks wore then awarded to the Press, wlhich werc responrded to by tle rcpre ecitatsives of hse ' ewcs'stle DailUy I/lot iand : N..eoeetx tle sllornis r:lsrald. :'' On thb motiou of the Rcv. WV. Roason, ':. seconded by.. hMr. nGRe~n'Woon,i the Mayor vacatecd hIis seat, which was then takhen by .Rov. T.A.A. Gordon, and a hearty vote of '."thanirts 'iwlred to?-hr. lShsw for his able . conduct in the chalir. ..'The IMAou acksnowledgerd the cominpliment '" in appropriato torms, iand tlhe proceecdings, which wore of a very interesting character lhroughout, closerd withl the Nautional Antshem. 