Miscellaneous. An Interesting Discovery. — Some workmen, while engaged in laying water pipes in Cividale, Italy, recentl ?, encountered a large flat stone. On raising this, a b d of mason work was revealed, In which was placed a stone scarcophagus covered with marble lid. Within the receptible were the remains ot a numan skeleton, some portion of which was yet perfect. Beside the dody lay a sword, lance, helmet, spears, a gold clasp and ring, a yiece of very beautiful gold tissue, and a flask of water, whicn was remarkably clean. Tne removal of clay from the bottom of the grave brought out the letters GISVL — from which archaeologists have decided that the remains are those of Gisulf, Duke of the Lombard Marches of Friuli, who fell in battle 611, while repeliihg an invasion of the Ayars. Ostrich Farming.— Mr. Kinnear, of Cape Town, gives the following paticulars of the value of ostrich farming at the Cape of Good Hope : — t( A full grown ostrich will consume 20 lbs. of chopped lucerne, a sheep 10 lbs., and a horse of 16 hands 70 lbs. The birds do not like grass or green forage they prefer cabbage leaves^. fruit, grain, &c.;, but for permanent food there is nothing equal to lucerne or clover. In 1872, Mr. Douglas reared from four hens and two cocks a progeny of 130. The value of an ostrich a week old is now £10. The plucking of each adult bird gives as much as from JE10 to £18 ; prime white feathers fetch ing from £35 to £45 p?r lo., while others of the wing and tail are very profitable. In 1874, the export of ostrich feathers from the Cape was 36,829 lbs., aud the value was £205, 640.' At Berlin, a poor old street harpist, 84 years of age, worn out with misery and privation, lately applied to the theatrical authorities of that city for some relief. He stated that his son wa$ th-- present Governor-General of Albania. The Turkish Embassy confirmed this statement. Mohammed Ali Pasha, formerly Carl Detroit, had entered when very young the service of the Porte ; he had abjured his religion — grown rich. The Berlin authorities are about to call on him to support his a^ed father, who was formely a musician of much skill, favoured by Meyerbeer himself, who brought him into the orchestra at the first performance of the Huguenots. A Ghost in Calais. — The Paris correspondent of the Telegraph writes : — There is a ghost in Calais, or rank sorcery, or wicked powers of some sort working. In that town dwells a certain lophdn, who keeps a factory, in tront of the factory is a wall of considerable height, which protects its ground floor from passers-by. A hou^e ovwJo -ks it, however. Last Wednesday the row be gan. A volley of stones, descending from unknown regions, and thrown by unseen hands, suddenly smashed all the windows and hurt two girls at work. All day the bombardment lasted, in spite of the police. Thursday the gendarmes occupied the factory, not doubtiug that all the evil powers would be stilled be fore the magisterial presence of the law. But stones fell in a sh -wer beneath their very noses, and the utmost activity of the police could not discover whence they came. Friday the Commissioner and half a dozen of his trusty minions be took themselves to the spot, and searched and watched to no better pur pise. They went across and occupied the housi opposite, holding its strategic points and setting up an observatory on the roof. Quite fruite[ssly. The bombardment recommences from time to time with a vigour that recals the great sieves of history. So the affair stands as yet, and people says it's spirits. The Dion.ea. — We ( Pall Mall ] trust that experimental botanists run no risk of committing acts of cruelty such as render the researches of anatomists and physiologists so unsatisfactory. The following note on Dionata muscipula read by Dr. Balfour at a recent meeting of the Edinburgh Rotannical fociety, sounds uncomfortably Ike vivisection. The doctor began, be said, by putting black pepper on the sensitive leaf,. The leaf closed, and had remained closed since the 24th of June, seereting what he called its gastric juice. Another leaf behaved similarly, but others, after closing on the pepper, soon opened again. It is dis tressing to find that, the experimentalist believifig this discrimination to reside in six hairs that grow on the upper surface of each leaf, he deliberately cut them off. Their loss seemed greatly to con 'use the leaf; which would sometimes close when irritated, while at others it would remain sulkily open. Three of the hairs only were then removed from one leaf without producing any special effect. The other three hairs were then removed ; the leaf at first closed slightly ; it then ceased to i respond to irritation, though tried on successive days ; but at last while being replaced on the shelf, it su Me ily closed in what fie operator is heartless enough to call ' an awkward manner. ' Moody and Sankeyism — When the Moody and Sankey enthusiasm was at its height, sober minded people who ! refused to believe that religion and mountebankery were convertible terms, predicted that, wh--n the fermentation was over, it would found that its permanent effect upon the public mind would prove to be nil. The prediction is already in process of verification. The American ' evangelists' had not been absent from England more than a mon'h before some of the religious papers began to complain that the attendence at the noon prayer meetings in London was becoming thinner and thinner, and that the requests for prayer were undergoing similar attenua tian. At what is discribed as a ' large and enthusiastic meeting ' of the members and friends of the C- en-air Mission, held in Hackney, on tbe 30th of August, the Rev. W. Cuff stated, for the purpose of endorsing a declaration of the Rev. Thain Davidson, that the revival services had not reached the outsHe masses of the people. In fact these, he said, are just where they were before the 'evangelists' crossed the Atlantic. S -re disapoint ment was felt and expressed at this ciicnmstance ; but this was not all. ' Where,' asked Mr. Cuff, in tones and terms of poignant anguish, are the conversions we expected and talked about — where are they ? H's church was. situated about midway between the Agricultural Hall and the Bow Road Hall, and they expected a large increase of church membership. They had only five applications for adihissioii to the church, and three out of the five regularly attended .his own services in Shoreditch Town Hall. So far as he could gather from the churches in the north of London around the Agricultural Hall, instead of their being an increase there icas an acutual decrease in tlie membership since the revival services in that quarter.' Such is the spontaneous testimony of a minister of religion who is altogether friendly te the movement and the state of things it describes is just what followed the Ulster Revival of 1859. These mental epidemics break out like their physical prototypes, rage with great violence for a season, and then die down. The afflicted sufferers mistake hysterical emotion for religious feeling; and, by satisfying their morbid craving for excitement, they feed the fever of their minds. After a time, when the stimulus is withdrawn, a reaction sets in, and sobered reason begins to wOnder at the follies it committed during its temporary - derangement. And this is the stage which the victims of unhealthy revivalisni in England appear to have now reaclie 1. A German peddler «old a man a liquid for the extermination of bu®s. ' And how do you use it ?' enquired the 1 man after he had bought it. ' Ketch de buy, and drop von little drop into his miut,' answered the pedilar. ' The deuce you do V exclaimed the purchaser, ' 1 could kill it in half that time by stamping on it.' ' Vel,' exclaimed thle German ' dat is a good vay, too.' A certain R-publican Weekly news paper, not remarkable for its good taste or reticence, contributes a diary supposed to be writtten on board the Serapis, from ' Bella to Carry'— you may imagine the demi monde style of the ' diary,' but certainly one cannot help laughing at 'Canon' Duckworth looking down his nose,' when comic songs are sung, and Sir Bartle' Frere ' sneaking off to bed when conduct too outvageoiis comes on the 'tapis. There is, I fear, more truth than good nature about this ' Diary on board the Serapis.' Official records are for the public. Real events must be told in the future. We are proverbially an age of 6hams. 