COURSING NOTES FHOM ENGLAND. B? " SKIDDAW," OF THE LOKDOX " FIELD." " How now, what news?" .' Flesse }vu, my lord, that honourable gentleman, J>rd Lucullus, entreats your comp»ny io-morrow tc hunt with him; ana haw gent your honour two bi&ce; ol greyhounds." " I'll hunt with him."-TIMON OF ATHENS. SEPTEMBER 28. For a month or more the busy hum of preparation has been heard amongsc coursers of tne old country, and, at the time of writing, another campaign with the "long tails " haa been fairly inaugurated. The season opened the second week of the present mouth, in the classic "hunting grounds" of famed Wiltshire, and below wiii be found a glance at the Scottish National autumn meeting, the harbinger of operations over the Borders, which W68 held ttus week. The number of youngsters fur the new season, at a roiua calculation, is as numerous, if not more t-o, than ever. Season after season, however, the regular produce entries, that is to say, the liaig maae up in the middle of tbe recess nre reduced in number, and it seems that before long the lime- honoured system may be abolished altogether, and tbe more popu lar one of simply taking nominations, and naming dogs on the night of draw, biotas universal. With the exception of tbe Ridgway and Altc&r; clubs, and tbe ABhdown, Coquet dale, and Southpoit open meetings, and three or four minor attain, the produce lists, or Sr. Legeis. as they are called, are done away with. In Scotland, the Scottish National and Ardrossan clubs' St. Lexers are tbe only ones remaining, whilst in times put I have known a score. Do not for a moment suppose that the sport is losing a tittle of ite interest-nay, the result will prove to be a benefit in the long rnn, as a given number of nominations once taken can for a certainty find representatives on the night of draff. wbereaB, in tbe case of the old Sc. Legers, the acceptances, as a rale, dwindle down to a mere Bhadow of tbe original dimensions. The breeding of greyhonude; also, is far more general than formerly, for, where it once «ub COD fined to lauded proprietors, the tbing w now freely indulged in by farmer?, thanks to tbe liberal-mindedness of their landlords, who mostly allow them to kill the l?r0"n{* game on their estates by coursing. W'."1 respect to the existing St. Legers Hi« entries for tbe present season Bhowa fa'liagoff in numbers. Last season the Altar club bad 181 all told, whereas this year ih?y aw »» short The Ridgway club, also, bat declined from 263 entries to 210; Ashdown from 2H to 210; and Scuthporc from 110 io 89 On tbe other hand, however, the Coquet i ale lias its 150 entries, as last year; whilst a new com petitor has croprwd up iu the North of Eng and club, with 120 entries. . 1 have to announce the death of toe celebrated Lancashire bitch Lobelia, tbe property of Mr. W. J. Legh, M.P. Lobelia was jy Mr. epinks's Sea Foam out of tier owner s Lilac, and was over 11 years of age. She won the Waterloo Cap in 1867", as a pappy. Royal Seal being second, and in the two following years actually ran in the last four, being eacn time defeated by the ultimate winner, toe renowned Master M'Orath, wboseJast op ponents were Cock Robin and Bab at u» Eiowster respectively. The circumstances oottnected with Lobelia's Waterloo Cuprictory trill bear repetition. The Newmarket bitcn. Saucebox, winner of the Champion rappy Stakes, was originally intended to ha v. nue (he nomination of Mr. Stocker and, <>n tnai account, the nomination ww -backed by ^ . Stocker and bis friends to win an enormous amount of money. A few dayB before the event, however, Saucebox went hopelessly amiss, and the nomination waa Bent to an extienie outside price. Mr. Stocker then secured Lobelia, and, having full faith in her capabilities, piled on the coin as heavily as before, by which he landed a great coup, nerbapa the greatest ever known in con nexion with our Waterloo Cup. Lobelia never was noted at the stud. Of late years Bbe bad accompanied Mr. Legh's shooting partiee, atid the day previous to her death sbe baa killed a bare after a long ran. Next morning the old lady was found dead in her kennel from the rupture of a blood-vessel. In these days of wonderful inventions one should tiot be surprised at any new thing being brought to light, and the Baying "nothing new nnder the Bun " ia perhaps a truism. An ingenious individual in London, Mr. Geary by name, has actually invented aye, and patented, too-what he calls "the patent Mechanical Hare." This invention con sis ts of a tram way hidden in the grass, on which a stuffed hare ie propelled by means of a windlass for about 400 yards. At the end of the " machine " is a bush of gorse or futze into which the effigy on completing its journey jumps and iB lost. Tne pace can bo accelerated or_ otherwise as desired. As tbe inventor says in biB prospectus, nowever, the machine " is not intended in any way tu imitate coursing, it is purely and Bimply g*e>bouijd racing." A trial of the invention buB btcu held cloBe to London, aud it is geneittlly agreed to be a complete success. Some coursers Bpeak highly of the machine as a test of speed to the hare, and I daresay, before long, we shall hear of other of our prominent followers of the leash going iu for the concern for the express purpose of ascertaining the relative pace of their greyhounds prior to bsing wanted for engagements. For myself, though, I should not like to indulge a dog too freely in such a business, for the simple reason that tbe hare suddenly disappearing in every spin night induce cunning, or, as North country coursers call ir, " lurching." There iB one pbase, however, in connexion with this new idea that true coursers should make a note of. It is intended actually to hold a -regular meeting shortly, in which the greyboundB will be entered, drawn, and run as in a regular coursing meeting. The legitimate sport will thuB degenerate to mere rabbit-coursing, and I shall anticipate tbe National Coursing Club stepping in and putting tbe same ban of excommunication on the performers as they did in the trapped hare business two seasons ago. One of the minor London sporting papers has taken np the cuddle on behalf of the movement with tnnch enthusiasm, in the same manner as it did coursing with trapped hares. By the way, it is amusing to note the ignorance of ordinary newspaper men on the simplest sporting details. The Times, tbe " leading journal," in a description of the 'mechanical bate," fcuahingly alludes to " a pack of grey hounds in pursnit of their prey," and also represents the bare "bounding out quite naturally like the real animal from its bag." That's tne Cockney sportsman with a ven geance. The executive of the important Ashdown park Meeting are in a curious difficulty, or rather tbey have brought it upon themselves. The beta quarters are at a little secluded village in Berkshire, close to the cave of the "Wayland Smith of Sir Walter Scott's Kenil worth. The Red Lion Inn iB the only hostelry in the place, and BO few of the nominators «ver turn up to dinner on the night of draw that the provision of the usual sump tuous repast entails terrible loss on the pro prietor. Boniface now declines to provide dinner any longer without a guarantee, and (be committee will not ensure that guarantee by tbe eaey and simple expediency of making every nominator take a dinner ticket, as is the practice at 99 out of 100 meetings in the three kingdoms. The season was opened this week in Scot and by the Scottish National Club, who have emigrated to the Duke of Hamilton's estates near Glasgow-achange which cannot but conduce to tbe resuscitation of the fortune* ot -Scotland's once premier coursing club. Tbe Duke, too, haB gone into tbe 3port witli the same zest as the tuif, and this season his grace will be represented at meetings all over the ciuntry. This ground, though new to the Scottish National Ciub, is not unknown as regards couraiag, fyr the fathers of the pre sen r, Duke of Hamil ton 8tid J2»rl of Eglinton followed the sport npwarde of 40 years ago. The St. Leger, which had 41 enn ies originally, fell to 20 runnere on the lj^ht of draw, owing to tbe death of Mr. Tubn Oibnon, whose nominations became Vi id, and tbe fact of distemper being in the kennel* of Mr. Robert Jaroine. The pro gramme was altogether so limited that a day's couiBing was the extent, but every thing else in connexion with the sport was of so encouraging a character that I doubt not many of those erstwhile active members of the club who for long have held aloof will return to their allegiance, when they hear of the fine ground at Hamilton, which provides such unexampled sport. The lucky Dr. Dongal, as usual, saw the fzniBb, but his good fortune this time was a caution, seeing he had no fewer than four left in the St. Leger to divide with another. Three of the four are by tbe celebrated flyer Tyrant, and are out of tbe doctor's Avon Queen, descended from Wee Avon, one of the cleverest and gameBt greyhounds that ever looked through slips. One and all of the three ate just as smart to a high degree, and so the cross has proved a good one. The tiameB of tbe three are Earl of Avon, Avon Pxincees, and Avon DncheBS. Mr. R. Jardine's Waterloo crack Progress, going with great fire and determination, divided the Douglas Cap with Mr. John Byslop's second-season bitch Honey Dew. An old law (obsolete for years unnumbered) has come to light in Ireland, bearing refer* ence to the qualification for keeping a grey houtd iu that country. A labouring man was summoned before a magistrateand discharged, with a warning that the penalty of £5, or two months' imprisonment, would be enforced hereafter. The qualifications, it seems, under thisancientBtatate are freehold property of the value of £100 yearly, or worth £1,000 in the aggregate. , Many of your coursers over the water, par ticularly those initiated in Scotland, will regret to hear of the death of Mr. John Oibson, of Woolmet, Dalkeith. Through weal and woe be was the staunch friend of tbe Scottish National Club, and was one of the oldest coursers in the country, having followed the-pastime most actively from his youth till biB decease at the age of 66. Mr. Gibson was also a member of the Altcar, Ridgwby, and Dirleton, and North Berwick clubs, and moreover, represented the Ridg ^ay_ Club at the council board of the Rational Coursing Club. Asacourser, though, fis experience was that of the nnluckieBt individual for a number of years, never having tbe ghost of a chance for Waterloo ^up. honours. Still, his pluck and energy knew no bounds, and Beason after season he came up smiling, as the saying is, with fresh teams and undiminished vigour. Mr. Gib fom'o hardihood was also wonderful of le.te yc aiB, for an oged man. Many is the time 1 buve been one of the company at the Scottish National festive meeting?, at which the "fellow of infinite jest" kept " the table in a roar " till cloBe upon daylight, aud then, havingsungthe "Scottish National anthem," be has prepared himself for a day's Bport, ?and enjoyed it thoroughly, too, with supreme contempt for the roughest weather-and, tioodtieea knows, we have experienced some lively times in that respect on tbe bleak elopes of the Slack-hill. Mr Gibson, as usual, had entries for the Produce Stakes of every club of which he was a member for the present season, which, of course, are void by his death. The deceased gentleman was also prominently known as a farmer, especially in the breeding of Leicester sheep and growing of root crops ; in fact, he farmed largely under the Duke of Bac cleuch. Mr. Gibson was likewise a director of the Highland Agricultural Society. At the last moment I have received the Border Union nomination-sheet, in the Netberby Cup of which (64 all-ages, at 10 guineas each) I am pleased to see the name of Mr. William M'Calloch, a prominent member of your Victoria and other clubs. GREYHOUND PRODUCE.-On Dec. 5, at Bel mont, Mr. S. Jacob'* fawn and black bitch Lena, by Sanger, dam Reba (imp.), 10 pups to dog Leo, by Prince, dam Juao. On Nov. 16, at Newtown kennel, Geelong, Mr. R. Font's Juno, Bluie-Minnie Warren, visited Mr. C. Elio's Steeltrap, Van Tromp-Veni. On Nov. 23, W. Brown's Cora, Warfare Lady of Lyons, visited same. Mr. Hew sod'r black bitch Satisfaction, by Spring out of Neadle, five pups to Geelong Comet, by Wellington-two dogs, three bitches, one white cog, one white bitch, patch blue over eye, one blue dog, wbite points, one brindle and white bitcD, one black bitch, white points. On Oct. 12, Mr. M'Kinley'a Snow, nine pups to Mr. Renwick's Torrent-four dogB and five sluts. On Dec. 9, H. Willis's black and white bitch Sibyl, by Spot, 10 pups (all dogs) by Flying Buck-five brindles, three blacks, one white, one blue. On Nov. 23, Mr. Rigg's Chance nine pups to Salaman der, seven kept On 25th November, Mr. Hewson'a black bitch Satisfaction, by Spring out of Needle, five pups by Mr. Kitts's, of Geelong, Comet, by Wellington, viz , two dogB and three bitches-one white dog, one blue dog,one wbite bitch with blue patch over eye, one black bitch with white points, and oue brindle and wbite bitch. At Morrisons, on Dec. 11, Mr. J. Wilkinson's brindle bitch Lady Jane, by Springbok-Venie, six pups to Mr. A, Millan s Saltan, viz, four dogs and two bitches. On Dec. 13, at Balaclava, Mr. Beckwith's Miss Lennie, by Master M'Fadden -Blush, seven pups by his stud dog West lake, one black and white and one fawn dog black muzzle, three fawn, and two black and wbite bitches. On Dec. IS, BesBie Venus, from England, visited Mr. Mundy's Wel lington. Ou Oct. 12, Mr. John Whittingham's The Hen, seven pups to his Bigmere ; five degs, two white, one white and black, one rtd and white, aud one fawn and white; two bitcbes. one black and white, aud one red »nd -all kent. D«c. 20, Mr. M. Whelan's Haidee visited Sedan. Gtmnastics.-4. Hicken, the well-known boxer, and Mr. John Thompson, an amateur of some repute, intend opening their athletic hull, in Bonrke street east, on Boxing night. We understand that tbn sparring-room and pymnaeinm have been fitted up in a most complete manner, and those who patronise tbe establishment will have no cause to cavil at the arrangements made for their comfort. CHKISTIE'S ATHIETIC-hall.-A grand dis play ot boxing cook place at Christie's Ath letic-hall on Wednesday, before a large and respectable audience. The various bjuts, which were contested in the most friendly manner, were highly appreciated, especially tie wind-up between Mesare. Christie and Banner. PIGEON SHOOTING.-Entries for the grand lihnoicap to be pilot after New Year's Day, at Kensington-park, must be sent to Mr. L. Grin>wood ou or before the 27th instant (VVfertr.pnday). 