General Sjnod of the Church of England At the dejeuner of the General Brood yesterday, ..-_...: Sir Alfsed STsl'EN proposed tbe toast of ber M»j»sry the Queen. and this teast.having been duly honored, Jiy next gave 'TlieHeiilUi«f the Bishops «nd lay 8epresentattve«ot SuCraoeral Synod of theie Coloaiei.' Jor himself ond the Ohniehmaii of Australia, he ottered fliem »,n«*t hearty welcome. The Blshopof Sydney, tUe Blshopol Bsllanitjyjod the BlJbop of Brisbane returned thanks fortbe Bishops of the Synod; the Dean of Melbourne also returned thamkson be jiali of the clerical representatives, and Mr. T. T. A'Bedcetv and Mr. E. Knox returned thanks an behalf of the liy repre sentatives. MBETENO OF SYSU11. , „.„„ Tbe Synod met at the Church 800161/8 House, PblUlp ?Blreet, at i o'clock, the Metropolitan presiding. Prayers were read by the President. The following members answered to tJw roll : -The Bishop -of Sydney (Metropolitan), tbe Sishopsof Newcastle, Brisbane, Ooulbum Tasmaula, Gratton and Armidnle, Bathnrst, Bal larat. Bepresentatives, Diocese of Sydney-Clerical : Canons A. H. Stephen, H. B. King, B. AlUrooa, and B. L. King ; the Kevs. H. A. Palmer ando. F. Garnsey. Lay: Messrs. W. Barker, W. J. Foster, E. Knox, and B. Smith aud Hon. A. Btuart. Diocese ' of Adelaide — Clerical : Archdeacon Marryatt, the Eevs. W. B. Andrews and E. E. HoweU. lay; Messrs. If. Blyth and O. B. Young. Diocese of Melbourne— Clerical : Dean Macartney, the Eevs. K. B. Dickinson and H. H. P. Handfield. Lay : Hon. T. T. a'Bscketc and BIr W. F. Btawell. Diocese of Newcastle— Clerical : Canons Child, Selwyn, and White. Lay : Messrs. O. Boltara, and J. Hannell. Diocese of Brisbane— Clerical : Archdeacon Glennie, the Eevs. T. Jones, and James Lore. Lay. None. Diocese of Goulburn— Clerical: Archdeacons Pownal and Puddicomte ; Canons Druitfc and Boares. Lay : Hon. O. Campbell, Messrs. T.H. Mate, W.J. Watson, and P. E. L, liossi. Diocese of Tasmania— Clerical : Archdeacon Browne, Canons IJrombie and Hales, and Uev. A. Mdson. Lay : Messrs. Tarleton, and H. P. Adams. Diocese of Grafton and Armidale —Clerical : Bev. J. P. E. WMdfield. Lay : Mr. T. H. Smith. Diocese of Bathurst-Clerieal : Archdeacon Gunther, Canon Smith, aud Eev. A. B. Blacket. Lay '? Messrs. J. M. Marsh, W.H. flutter, ju.n., and Cosby W. Morgan. Diocese of Bal Jarat— Clerical : Archdeacon Stretch. lay t None. The General Sydnod. At t p.m. yesterdav, the Bynod assembled in Uic Church Bociotj's House, Phillip-street ; the Bishop of Sydney, as Primate, presiding. The proceedings were commenced with the usual prayers. ......_ The roll of members was then called by tne uiianeenor gi the Bynod, the Bev. Canos Allwosd. Of the tleven bishops in the province, eight answered to their names— the Bishop of Sydney (Metropolitan and President of the Synod), and the Bishops of Hewcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, Tasmania, Grafton and Armidale, Bathurst, and Ballarat. The Bishops of Melbourne and of Perth were not able to attend; the Bishop of Adelaide had not yat arrived. With a few excep tions, the tliirty-iiine clerical and thirty-six lay represen tatives, of the eleven dloceces, answered to their names. The Pbebident then delivers* his opening address. Hi Iiordsblp began by giving a hearty weleolmto his Highs Bev. brethren, and brethren of the laity. Then, aft«rt explaining the reasons which led to the calling of this Bynod at the present time, he 6aid our re iaiiAn frt 411a nhiiwii «t. iinmfl In & eubiect which to me aD pears one of practical, and it may perhaps be said of vital, importance te our well-being and continuance in the faith. There are those who desire the revival of the Patriarchate in the 866 of Canterbury, and some churches have expressed themselves hi favour of a proposal which to others seems likely to place the independence of the colonial churches in jeopardy. I do not see how this change, great as it un Jloubtedly would be, can be made, nor do I consider that oar union with the church at home would be materially affected by It. Much lujht is thrown upon the question of »nr union with the church athome, by means ot three Im portant judgments of the Privy Council upon questions arising In the dioceses of Capetown and Natal, to which I -will ask your attention. The first of these was delivered by the late Lord Kingsdown, June 34, 1863, and is known as XiOBK v. Bishop of Capetown. The second by the late Lord West bury, on the 10th June, 1864, in the case of the Bishop of Natal. 9hc i third by the Master of the Bolls, Lord Komilly, Novem ber 6, i 866, in the case of the Bishop of Natal v. Trustees of the Colonial Bishoprics' Fund. ? Tne effect of these various judgments is to deprive tiie Letters Patent of an assumption of conferring coercive juris diction upon tbe Bishops, whether metropolitan or suff ragan, who held them. The judgments place tbe bishops, clergy, and members of the Church of England in this respect in no better and in no worse a position than other denominations. XiOtters Patent cannot confer jurisdiction upon a bishop, er establish a metropolitan see, whoso status, rights, and authority a colony, having representative institutions, is bound to acknowledge, . , After questioning and explaining these three judgments Ills Lordship said:— It follows from this that we, who in the various colonies in which oar dioceses an situated, oall our selves members of the Church of England, have a right to be so regarded and treated. We claim the name, and it is a prin ciple of our own communion that we shall be regarded as being la truth what we are by profession, and shall be so treated until it is shown that we are not what we call our selves. TodanVusthlsm-irileBO wonld be to place us in a ♦?worse position' than the members of other denomina tions. We are an integral part of the Church of England, and bound by ber laws so far as they are capable of being applied te a Church whicU re not established by law, and I consider that our endeavour should be to preserve that uniui which tnese judgments declare does flxftt, It is tone that the de Biro (or independence asd treodomirom civil restraint on the part of a portion of the Church, and a disinclination on the part »f the State to interfere in ecclesiastical matters, have led to the organisation of Church Assemblies not recognised JbyEngli£hQh«rolila«*; but oar aim has keen to work npon tiie lines already laid down for us, and to maintain the union which has hitherto subsisted. I know not ?whst advantage is to be gained by taking a more independent line. The Church of England hi this colony Is qaito capable of meeting all the demands made by the circumstances and 6pirit of the age, without any altera tions beyond thoes which the wisdom and experience ol our home rulers may sanction. If it is desired to hold mission services, to preach in theatres or in the open ah-, to organise temperance and' total abstinence societies, to nriliso the ser vices of the lai ty , for these things we have the highest sanction of the Church at home. The division aad shortening of ser vices, the occasional services, the power of preaching without previous services, the Inquiry meeting after the mission ser vice ; all these we have, and in these ways the elasticity of our ordinal and its suitableness to all occasions and seasons is seen. Another subject upon which it is necessary that I should address the Synod is tho relation which this diocese bears to the others hi Australia and Tasmania, and which I myself bear to tbe bishops— tbe question of my position ;as Metro politan of. Australia and Tasmania. This subject arises, as all present are doubtless aware, from certain questions asked in the Synod of the Diocese of Sydney, having reference to the actlOH of the diocese of Melbourne in the formation of the Diocese of Ballarat. It appeared to those who framed and asked those questions, that the position and office of the Metropolitan had been overlooked. I may express my regret that the questions should have appeared at all offensive, as I am sure it was not intended they should be ; at the same time I venture to assert the right on the part of .the Bynod of this Metropolitan diocese, to ask for information respecting a matter which affected the position of its bishop, and apparently Involved a general question of Church government in these colonies. These questions and answers attracted the attention and awakened the apprehensions of tbe learned and able prelate who governs the Church in South Australia, and called forth from Elm an earnest protest. On the part of the diocese of Melbourne, also, discussion arose, and setting aside all miaor points, it appears to me that theeubject may beregarded thus-.— 1\. In what sense, if any, ami to be regarded as Metro politan P 2\. How far is my position affected by my appointment as Primate ? 3\. What is our proper course under existing circum stoRoesP Alter going over the history of this question, showing espe cially how he had been appointed and repeatedly recognised as Metropolitan, his Lordship continued:— There was a desire on one side to give to the Primate a position corres ponding in some way to that of the Metropolitan over the whole of Australia and Tasmania. Others carefully limited his powers to tbe General Bynod. He is not styled Primate of Australia and Tasmania, nor even Primate of the General Synod, but for the purpose of the constitution of the General Bynod he is known and designated as Primate. It will, I feel assured, be found that my relation as Metro politan to the various Australian dioceses was the basis of all proceedings for the formation of a General Synod, and that nothing was done in forming the General Synod, to alter my position .as Metropolitan. I trust that we shall bo able to maintain our union hi the General Bynod notwithstanding this diversity of opinion; and I will now proceed to state what I have done, and what I hope may be done, with this end in view. As tiie General Synod contemplated the formation of Provinces and tne appointment of Metropolitans, and the Church Assembly hi Victoria bad obtained powers for the same purpose, I considered that this object wonld be facili tated by my resignation as Metropolitan of any part of Aus tralia which It was proposed to form into a Province. How this resignation was to be effected was a question which I submitted to the Archbishop of Canterbury. His Grace granted a personal Interview to Bishop Ferry, the Dean of Sydney, and Mr. Gordon, Bishop Moorhouse being also present. A Jew davs afterwards his Grace sub mitted the matter to the Viear-General o! Uie Provtaoe. I had hoped to receive 'tiie VIear-GeneraVs opinion before the meeting of the Synod, bat seme delay has arisen, and I can only state what my own viow is. Assnmine that the Vaster of the Bolls Is correct, and I stand in the relation of aietroppUtau to the other dioceses of Australia and their Bishops, it follows that any arrangement which is not intended to ignore Church relationship and organization as they have hitherto txlstod, should pro ceed on universal consent, i.e., on my express consent as Metropolitan and the consent of the other bishops who hare liitherto been regarded as my suffragans. In me matter of the formation ol other Provinces, and my proposal to resign the Metropolitan relation to any portion of Australia— if I am advised by the Archbishop that this can be dose, and the other dioceses, including my own, give their consent— I should feel justified in carrying ont the arrangement. What ' X personally am brand to care for is that it shall not be open to allege that by some act of mine the OhuBCh of England in Australia has broken away from the Church at home, I i trust that no difficulty will be found in adjusting ike pro- j posed legislation of the present session to the views here ] expressed. If, however, it should be deemed advisable to 1 defer [any action hi the formation of Provinces and the j appointment ef Metropolitans, I have no objection to this ' delay. Discussion and further advice may throw additional ? light upon the subject, and us I shall be the last Metropolitan I of Australia appointed by Letters Patent, my death or ? resignation may remove some difficulty out of the way of the . UnaluetUement of this question, f Upon toe vmrfonsrobjecta to be brondJt before us I make so other observation than this, that I am anxious, for several rwwHu, that a ^termination for tbe formation of new dio ceses should be pasted. Xhls was a part of the business of the last session, which was not concluded, and It is now Important that a portion ol Queensland should be formed into a separate diocese. This proposal has been under difcujslon for some Tears, and in a ncent visit to North Queensland , I was ableto ascer tain the wishes of the members of the Church of England, and to obtain not only from them, bnt from the members of other Protestant, denomination!, vary liberal promises of support. The Society for (he Propagation of the Gospel have pro mised £400 per annum for the salary of the Bishop, £1400 has already been promised from other sources, and this will be farther Increased. The diocese will be one of considerable extent, and afford a field of interesting labour— chiefly of a missionary character, for whoever Is appointed will have the opportunity of forming missions to the Chinese who are there in considerable numbers, to the natives of the Bouth Sea Islands,' and to tbe aborigines. Notice has been given for filling up the vacancies In the Committee of Appeal. These ore caused by the removal to England of the Ber. Dean Cox, of Hobart Town, and of Mr. Alexander Gordon. The representatives of the clergy will elect one of their own body, and the lay representatives of the Svnod will elect a lavman. The Council of Beference In England remains nnchanged. It is satisfactory to observe that one of the number. Lord Penzance, was appointed upon the nomination of the Arch bishops to fill the office o. jrcJ^ under the Public Worship BeguTatlon Act. I may add that the business paper has been prepared under the direction of the committee appointed by the General Synod to carry out the business of the Synod, the Chancellor, Canon Allwood, having also kindly given his valuable aid. I feel assured from our past experience in these meetings that we shall come together with snsh a cense of our need of heavenly wisdom, and such consideration for the views of others, as will secure a dispassionate and profitable discus sion of these various subjects. To some persons they may not appear of sufficient importance to justify so Urge an expenditure of time and resources as is required for our meeting. We go not, it is trne, undertake works of special and local usefulness, these are more properly left to tbe respective dioceses ; but for the Church at large it Is of the utmost importance that our general organisation should be perfected, our legislative functions duly exercised, and our judicial and executive powers clearly defined, and their outlines filled up, go that the purity and psato of tbe Church may be maintained. Let it not be forgotten by us tliat we belong to a scripturally reformed Protestant com munion, that the troubles in tiie Church at homo, which threaten a disruption, have arisen from the lawlessness which sets all authority at naught, and that if we would pre serve our Internal union we must dutifully and loyally uphold the principles of the Church of England as set forth in her artioles, liturgy, and formularies. I am thankful to believe tha* the members of our com munion in these colonies are sr&rerely; attached to the doc trines and ritual of our Church, That they are sensitive, not to say jealous, of any departure from them, is not to be wondered at, when we Ioarn to what extravagances such de partures have ultimately led, and how ready the enemies of eur religion are to avail themselves ol the mistakes of foolish and misguided men. Oar -wn course, my beloved brethren, in the ministry of the word, whether bishops or presbyters is dear, to instruct the people com mitted to our charge out of those Holy Scriptures which con tain all things necessary to salvatlon,and to teach and maintain nothing as required of necessity to eternal salvation, bnt that which we are persuaded may be concluded and proved by tbe same, and to be ourselves and in our families wholesome examples and patterns to the flock of Christ. We have a blessed mission in these lands— a noble field of usefulness is before us. If we are intent upon the great work of bringingsonlstoOhrist, and use the oppjituuities which God gives to us of setting forth, in all it s simplicity and full ness, the Gospel of the grace of God; if we desire that, by the power of the Holy Ghost, who Is the Lord and Giver of Life, spiritual life should be imparted to the individual, and communion with God should pervade our public services, tbe Lord will accept and honour our work, we shall ourselves be blessed and become a blessing to others. Let the great end of tke Saviour's mission be also ours ; He came for the salva tion of men. A Church or a ministry which subordinates this to any other, or which loses sight ot this in the accessories of divine worship, falls ot its true pnrpose, ana will fall under thecondemnation of the Lord. No external success, whether evinced in abundant resources, beautif nl churches, elaborate services, and crowded congregations, will be of the smallest aocount before God if men are not brought to repent and believe the Gospel. I pray God that, whate\er else may be the effect of our present meeting, ws may be quickened hi onr desires after the highest well-being of our fe'low-men, and, whatever pains we bestow upon the machinery of the Cbuach, and however successful we mar be In the perfecting of the same, we may remember that the Church exists not for its own sake, but for Christ and His people ; that by it He may be brought into His own world, and that out of the world a people may be bnnght into union with Him ; that In Him and by Him they may be saved. Before this work all other questions pale and are lost in comparative insignificance, but as connected with this and tending te this our present meeting is of the utmost im portance. Let ns then endeavour so to view it ; let us approach these deliberations with the feeling that we are about onr Father's business, and are endeavouring to do His will. May we indi vidually be helped and blessed by Him, and may our joint efforts achieve thegood we desire in onr own union and in onr increased ability to be of lasting servloe to others. Our time on earth; as well as our time for deliberation, is short ; may we so spend it as to fee accepted by our Divine Lord, and receive His commendation in the day of His glorious return. ' Ratification or the Constitution. ? Oakon Allwood moved— That tbe constitution adopted by the General Bynod of tie Oliurch ia 1872, be now ratified. Mr. E. Knox seconded the motion. Mr. O. Oajm-bell, chancellor of tbe diocese of Goulburn, opposed the motion.' He said, this constitution would sever them from the Church of Eoeland. There oould be no Primate in these colonies but tbe Bishop of Canterbury. He deprecated the resolution of the General Bynod declaring that one of the bishops of this Synod should be Primate. He ascribed it to that spirit of lawlessness which appeared to seize every new body. They wished to be free from their obedience to the Primate of all England, setting up a Primate of their own. Mr. Bhepheed BiniTn moved as an amendment the addition of tbe words stating that it was nat intended, in any way, to change or affect the position of the Church hi Australia and Tasmania, aa a branch of the Church of England In the ssid colonies. Canon Huttoh. King seconded the amendment. Tbe Bishop of Tasmania said they would be placed in a very awkward position if they passed the amendment. They had beard & great deal about their being an integral part of the Church of England. They were not as much an integral portion of that church as any diocese in England. If they were, why were they not represented in Convocation ? The way to preserve their union with the Church of England was to help that development which was tending to the patriar chate of the Archbishop of Canterbury. After some discussion. In which Mr. Blythe, Mr. Toong, and Sir William Stawell took part, the President ruled that the proposed addition was inadmissible. The motion of Canon AIXW00D was carried, on division by show of hands, almost unanimously. SrARsnrQ Okdeeb, &c.; On the motion of Canon Stephen, the Standing Orders of the last Synod were adopted. Bev. Canon Beltvtn was elected clerical secretary, and Mr. Bobert Atrikb (the Bishop's secretary) was elected lay secre tary to the Synod. A finance committee was appointed. Mr. William Baeeb was chosen chairman of committees. The Bishop of Newcastle reported that nothing had been dons by the Board of Missions. Several notices of motion were given. On the motion of the Bishop of BaThubst, rules for the formation of new dioceses were read a first time and referred to a select committee. The Synod adjourned soon after 7 o'clock, until 3.30 on Wednesday. 