THE BOOK AGENT. The most indefatigable book agent to our place is Mr. Dnnner. Tbe other day he called upon Colonel Bangs, of " The Argus," and the following conversation enBued : — Dnnner. — " I wish to " CoL — "I don't want any." D. — " I say that I desire to " Col — "Makes.no difference ; I don't want it." D. — "To see yon for a few moments alone in order to " CoL — " No use. Fve got a closet foil of 'em at home already. Sbnt that door after you when you go oat, will yon. Good- morning." D. — " I don't think yon understand me. I called - " CoL — " Oh yes I do. X understand yon perfectly, Mr. Dnnner. X know exactly what yon want Yon've got nnder yonr arm some sample sheets of the life of Christopher Cotombns, which is to be issued to numbers at fifty cents apiece.. It is full of preposterous old pictures of Columbus landing on the shores of the New World with three or four persons around Mm, dressed like the ghost to ' Hamlet,' and a dozen or two naked nig gers bowing down before him, and won dering what in thunder he means by standing there, waring a flag to one hand and brandishing his sword to the other. That's what you've got, and you want me to subscribe for it." D. — " Nothing of the sort, sir." CoL — " Or else you've got a specimen copy of a new XUnstrated History of the United States, with cats of General Washington's horse standing on three legs, while a cannon ball whistles by him which George is trying to catch to Ms bat. And it has in it a lot of portraits of celebrated Americans, which look as if they were drawn to go on rag babies ; and a representation of the Battle of Banker's Hill, to wMch one man is lying on the ground while another rams a bayonet to him, and all the rest huddle around and don't do anything. I've seen 'em often. We ore them for starting the fires np at onr honse. Yon can't sell any to me." D. — " Yon are much mistaken, colonel ; I " Col. — " Oh, well, ft makes no difference. It's something or other of that kind. A Life of the Signers, maybe, with a wry- necked American eagle screaming on the title-page ; or Adventures on the Plains, written by some bMd headed lunatic, who's been out there sketching round among tbe Indians ; or a Farmer's Guide, which instructs tbe agricnltnrist not to knock his water-melons off the trees until they get yellow ; or some snch slosh as that I've had lots of 'em. Bnt Fm not baying any now. So, good-morning; I see yon're to a hurry." D. — " Colonel, the fort is that I want to pat an advertisement to yonr paper." CoL — "An advertise — why, sit down, my dear sir. Excuse me for keeping you standing. Take a chair. There, now, Now what can I do for you ?" ; Dr— " I have here a. yeiy interesting and valnable book, the 'Life of Bishop Potts, the Mormon Saint' Look at it It gives an inside view of Mormonism, exposes all the mysteries; and tells s story wMch must thrill the soul of the entire nation." CoL — " Capital book ; excellent ; tbe very thing to sell ; just what the people want Now yon want to advertise it, do yon f D. — Yes ; Td like to have this pro spectors inserted ten times." CoL — " Ten — yes ; ten fifteens — one hundred and fifty at ten cents a line is fifteen — yes, fifteen dollars." D. — "You think it will help the book?" CoL — " Think I I know it All a book like that wants is to have public attention directed to it People'll just go for it" D. — And now about pacing lor tie advertisement Fifteen dollars, 1 think you said ?" CoL — ;" Yes ; fifteen." D. — " Jest so. I sell the book at 3dol 50 cents, but I tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to put you in at 1 dol 50jCents, and send you round ten of 'em Ten times 1 dol. SO is jost 15 dols.,. and we're square.!' CoL—" Ain't you going to pay cash ?" D. — " Oh no ; of course not" Col,— r" Ob, you ain't, hey ? Well, I wouldn't toDchyour infernal old mess of track about that polygamous old beast of a Mormon with a forty-foot pole any more'n I wonld any other carrion. It's nothing bnt drivelling idiocy ; and if you don't get out of here, along with that coffin-jawed hypocritical countenance of yours, I'll have you kicked down-stairs by the foreman." Then Mr. Dnnner withdrew, and the colonel went back to work, indignant that he had been imposed npon. The readers of ' The Argus' are not yet aware of the feet that a Life of Bishop Potts is for sale. 