Jottings on the Exhibition, by our Country Cousin. I ALWAYS come to the Exhibition-it's the yearl; rendezvous of our family, like it is that of plenty o others. Tom, who's got a selection on Liverpool Plains comes down if he has to do without small stores hal the year ; so does Lizzie, who's a governess up Bath ur a way, and Billy, who rides boundary on tho Lachlan Mary, she's married on a sadler in Sydney, and likes ti seo us all, and we meet pretty well everybody %vi know. We began to think on the Namoi that wi wouldn't be able to get down this year because of th< drought, but it broke up in time, and as the gras began to spring we got the travelling stock back, au« aro likely to be pretty well off after all. I got dowi in good time, not caring to leave it too late, like i cousin of mine, who got married and came to Sydne; for the honeymoon, and spent her wedding night 01 tho steps of the big post-office. There's just as man; people down as ever, and the city is just as full There are some who cry out against the Ex hibition and say it is held too often, but s" lon; as it's a success, and the livo stock fills up, and tin building is full of goods, and people Hock into town where's tho harm, I say. I must own that in tin exhibition itself the advertising chaps come it prottj strong, and it gets moro and more like a big shop over¡ year; but then can it bo expected that they will cari out thousands and thousand* of pounds worth of good: every time and expose them to the dust and so on without getting something out of the transaction ? ] think all these matters should be looked at in < practical light, though the word "Intercolonial'' ii rather high sounding. If it wasn't for the big iron mongers and agricultural implement makers ant engineers who make tho green so lively with theil patent mowers and reapers, and engines, nud thousand other things, and tho big storekeepers inside, who fit ur. groat cases and puff their goods, whero, I say, would the exhibition be ? Of course theso chaps make lots ol money out of it, but thou don't wo country bumpkins got our monoy's worth iu oxperienco and learning new dodges to make money, cultivate more l»nd, and save our poor feot and arms í It's like a big number of tho 'Town and Country, froir which wo can all learn something, and if it wasn't foi the 'shop-like turn tho a J fair takes, wo should have ? only an Agricultural Association's Show +hat would attract tho farmers and squatters and no ono else. Bu' I'm running away from tho exhibition, and wnn1 rounding up. I got out early in a cab. for which, tia chap 'as drove it charged mo throe times the fare "Exhibition time," ho said, and laughed. I had a sea son ticket, and was let in boforo the shilling folks, which is a great convonienco, thoueh the placo was pretty crowded as it was. I had to fight my way through the crowd of superannuated old shepherds and larrikin* that beseiged mo with catalogues, and at last got to thc door where " the indefatigable Joubprt,"-as the papen delight to call tho precise mover in those exhibitions, and a crowd of people wero waiting to meet hi« Excel lency the Governor. I think it was a jolly shame thai the Government cut up rough because " tht indefatigable secretary" Baid. "bosh" to a "Vic torian swell when he thought he talked bosh, and it's my opinion that our representation al Philadelphia would have been better in his hands thar. ' it was in thoso of tho old gontlemen entrusted with the money voted, which they spent like commissions alway» do. I wouldmako ono to get up a really.good testi monial. But Im out of the mob again, and wani rounding up. Along with Mr. Joubort there was the leading mombors of the association, looking very im portant and anxious about tho cut of their clothes. Pretty punctually up drovo the Governor, like a run old " sport" as he is, in a four-in-hand, with his jovial looking wife (I hate tho word lady applied to a man'* wife, and it always puts mein mind of the yarn the; toll of the bishop's wife, who wanted to pass tho sentry, nud when he stopped her she says, " Fellow, I'm thc bishop's lady ;" and he puts his gun across, .and says. " Well, mum, if you was his wife I couldn't lot you by") and daughters, and his son-in-law, who alway* looks wearied and out of sorts, and Mr. Fosborry, who rides a good horso very well ; and Mr. Hutchinson, who's took the placo of that soapy clover-looking gentle man, Mr. De Koebeck, and tho Speaker, and other swells Tho party lookod in good form and affable, and the} marched up to tho platform through tho crowd ol ladies that wero sitting on the seats up the aislo, a* they call it in the churches, showingtheir good clothes, and making worse-dressed peoplouuconjfortnbloby theil quizzings and remarks. On this platform, under somt hangings, put up by David Jones's people, at their own cost, there was moro swells. The Hon. Deas Thomp son, very venerable and stately, and a lot more honor tables, mostly old and solemn, and the Minister for Mine* in rare good fottlo, and Mr. Young, that wrote the letters from Borne about tho sewers,and Dr. Lang, with a patoh over his eye that made Bim look liko a brave old buccaneer. Sir E. Doas Thompson told the Governor he was very welcome, and tho band having dono play ing " God Save tho Queen," His Excellency mado out of those pretty speeches for which he is famous. He finds something very nice to say about everything he is called on to speak about-hospitals, railways, schools, or anything. He was not obliged to complain about slow coaching, like ho had at Bathurst, the other clay, so things went smoothly. I didn't hear much of the speech, for ladies were rustling their dresses, and people were crunching the dust on the floor, but I saw thc newspaper chaps eagerly taking down nil ho said. When he had done opening and shutting his mouth, so far as wc could see, there were cheers given for the Queen, and him, and Lady Robinson, and the Vice-Regal party, as the reporters call them, walked about tho building, and I'm a jackoroo if Lady Bobinson didn't go out and have si look at tho " merry-go-round." After tho opening ceremony I started off on a tour of investigation, and, of course, went off fir«>t to the cattle. I don't intend to give anything like a description of them, but there was bulls with pedigrees as long as a Scotch baronets, and g's enough to their namos to make a halter for them. Their backs were so broad that, if they wore in tho circus ring, tho lovely Miss Mont morency needn't have a cushion, but could come down ' lump without any fear of hurting herself or falling off. Then there wero squatters who could write their cheques for five, and oven six, figures, poking up baby calves, worth hundreds, and criticising and arguing about their points and breeding. This is how wealth gets distributed and it's a good job that peoplo with lots of money take such an interest in these things as to spend their thou sands and stand all ¿he risk of tho beasts dying from a a hundred causes. Of xwurso they've made their money out of the business, most of them, but their love for high bred beasts benefits everyone in the colony, especi ally as tho Exhibition is a great phsuY? of sale and the stock gets distributed over tho country, so that too ¡much in-brcdiug is avoided. The sale yay.d hwks like ¡a small circus ring with seats for tho audience, .and the ¡box is exactly like a Punch aud Judy, so that when *bo auctioneer mounts it seems odd he doe*"nt begin his root-i-toot, and the mau with the pandean pipen ought to be there. The horses, too, were noblo auimals and all true sportsmen must rejoice to sec how much attention is paid to breeding. I don't intend to say much about tho stock for I saw your yarraman, whoso acquaintance ¡¿5 I enjoy at our country meetings, eyeing of the lot, and looking very anxious so as to describe them. But it's wonderful the interest the ladies take in the beasts,-fine city-bred ladies, who don't, see so much as a cow once in a blue moon. They gathered round the stalls saying, " Oh, what a fine creature," and passed their gloved hand across the glossy coats quite affec tionate like. I think some of tho covers over the addi tional stalls were fixed up just as the sun was at its meridian, and the people as put it up thought it wouldn't stir at all during the Exhibition. But gene rally the arrangement seemed to be good, and water was given to the poor beasts. But whynot lay it right on to the sheds ? The sheep were miserable and looked so forlorn, and opened their big yearning eyes so as to say what's the use of bringing us few here ? I noticed Mr. Rotton, of Blackdown, as usual, had the best part of the whole lot; but then he is close to the railway. I liked the dog show much, it was such fun. There was dogs of all sorts, from beefsteak terriers to big brave hounds. And they yapped and bayed and howled some of them as if some one was always getting over the back gate, l don't think any thing brings out a man's conceit more than showing his dog in public. I didn't know which looked most miser able sometimes, the ¿log in his wired cage, whining and fretting, or the master outside, looking as if he'd like to tear the front off and liberate his pet. The dogs barked and bollo'ad, but they were too miserable and forlorn to bite if you poked your finger in to them. Some of them had straw and hay to lie on, and some rugs, and some even had coats on. Most of them stared out with big wistful eyes that made a fellow melancholy if ho's got a heart at all. Everybody thinks it an absolute necessity to say "poo boy," "poo fellow." Some were mighty mean dogs, " constitutionally tired," as they call lazy, and looked as if they would be great at a beef bone, and thc masters of these were the most disgusted that they didn't get first prize, and thought tho judges were bribed with big sums of money to do them out of thc honour and gain due to them. Tho bull dogs were grand in their hideousness ; big chested, heavy jowled, and as wicked as roughs full of drink, and the moro savago they were the more peoplo, and women even, poked them np with straws, and sticks, and parasol handles, because bad peoplo always like to torment savage things that pan't get nt them-it's human nature's dark sitie. The jumping and riding caused much attention, as it always does, and it was jumping, too, not like that in che circus-that I was much pleased with generally -where tbo fellows in uniform at the back shouted .'hi hi" and "igh igh," and the attendants lowered tho mnhers and -white painted fences right under the feet >f the horses or ladies, so t^at they couldn't help get ting over them, and the " terrific mid-air leap for life,' >r " grand act of barebacked equestrianism on two fiery untrained steeds," is reduced to a harmless certainty. The four-in-hands were grand, too, with tho swells and 'adies, and big Johnny Trots with their arms folded like statues. I liked th« xioultry,too ; the tali Cochins, with voices like a donkey that's lost his mate, and little bantams and chuttacocks,andPolnndswiththeirtopnots, pigeons, ducks, big muscovies too fat to waddle almost and canaries all chirping and crowing and fight ing and cackling. People who bad put in a three ¡ind-ninepenny Shangbni, looked as important ns if they owned " Grand Turk tho 120th" worth a pound an ounce. There were lots of things on the ground besides the implements and the engines, which aro a grand lesson to us country folks in themselves, and teach' us that we must keep up in the rnco of progress, and have tho most beneficial effect perhaps of all the things in tho Exhibition. There was the "Merry-go-round" with the spirited horses more fiery-looking than the best bred steed could ever hope to look ; and tho cars and the youngsters sitting on them or in them so happy and important, as if fully conscious of the dignified de meanour expected from them ; and the mamas and papos and aunts outside justas happy and, no doubt, wishing they could get up and have a turn or two. Inside tho jharmed circle was the proprietor with his family, forming a most execrable band, consisting of a big drum, a little drum, and an ear-piercing fife. Then there was a man in a red coat explaining wonderful tricks with cards in a voice more notable for power j than sweetness, and a "jheight and weight " man, who had a punching machine attached to his establishment, who drove a roaring trade with bucolic young men who drove herculean fists at the leather and fancied it tho heads of people who doubted tho value of "improve ments" in their selections. Then there was the soluble "lightning calculator," with a black-board, doing sums so quick that no one could bowl him out if he were wrong six figures even, and telling funny tales and cracking jokes. Besides him, was his agent selling books by tho score. There wero thousands of people, and the meetings and greetings were hearty and frequent, so altogether the scene was a busy aiiu lively ono ; but there might have been a band on the green. And it seems strange to me that in all the colony there is no man capable of getting up a decent lunch. Oh ! for some Spiers and Pond ; some Napoleon, of restaurant-keepers to rise and grasp the awful difficulty of feeding 5000 people. The lunching nrraDge ments were vastly worse than those of last year, ano. they were bad enough then ; and though I shouldnt like to blame the officials, it does seem pitiable that, year after year, we are unable to have one of tho greatest helps to enjoy a visit to the Exhibition, a decent lunch. This^is all I can say just now about the ontsido show ; but next week, if you think it worth while, I will give you a country cousin's opinion of the inside. The Hamilton (Victoria) Spectator writes:-"A considerable sensation prevails in the neighbourhood of Macarthur owing to tito nocturnal presence of an apparition which has been seen by several persons on the estate of Mr. Carmichael, at Harton Hills. It ap pears that four men working nt a job of fencing, wero camped about two miles from the head station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seeing a figuro, draped in white, stalking backwards and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened wero they that they beat a retreat to tho station, and com municated the particulars to Mr. Towart, the overseer, whilst a dog they had with them participated in tne alarm, and ran away howling piteously. Next mgnc a party of eight, including a policeman iron» the township, bivouacked in tho haunted spot, and five of them were rowarded by getting a sight of the ghost. Tho news began to spread, ana wo understand that a large party is to be made up from Macarthur, with a view to solve thc mystery, u | possible. Tradition states that the locality in questw» was, many years ago, the scene of a fatal a"raT. t tween the early settlers and tho aboriginals, anil tua in these encounters the blacks came olf second Desu Of course, tho supposition is that one of thc natives so disposed of has 'jumped up whitefellow' T fulfi^m. "j of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment or the nerves of the fencing party by his ' counterfeit ?T sontment.' It should be mentioned that the ghost m already one casualty to answer for, inasmuch as one the intended intervicwists, in his hurry to get a of the apparition, was thrown from his horse andi Dio* his leg. Wc trust some of those who may J»« DM I fortunate enough to have seen thc thing will sen« «= progress report." j 