THE CONVENT SCHOOL- OB, " Cloister Spiders and Protestant Plies. : Chapter IV.— (Continued. J. 7 i V . Reverend - Mothers irai thb.Cldren. He'!;. passed through; the- parlor, . ordering Sister Magdaleria, the housekeeper, to see her Superior at once to her pallet. There, as the night shadows lengthened over the city, and the sentinel stars looked down from' the (sky, the nun Ignatia lay locked in opium slumbers, while slowly before her sleep- ing vision dragged the fearful panorama oi tne past that haunted her by day. There was the city of Mexico, where she grew up a foreign trader's child. There, the fatal duel, provoked by herself, between brother and lover, where both were slain. There, the husband and child abandoned — her own reckless career — herself bending over a gambler's deathbed — her parents spurned— and then her broken maturity, chased by losses and fierce remorse and terror of death, hunted with the remnant of her fortune, a wretched suppliant for peace, to the feet of Rome. Despair, remorse, terror of retribution, vain longing to make restitution— these the " fearful train that fed upon her vitals. To stop their gnawings she had given herself and her money to the Order of Jesuits. _ . She had built this nameless House, gathered in these Sisters, and. maintained all from her own means, while she visited upon herself the extremest rigora of her faith. Her house was Rome's spider-web spread in a secret place. But all in vain ! in vain ! Poor blind soul, with blind guides ! One drop of blood from Calvary would have washed the fountains of her sins for ever away, let in oh lier crushed soul the sunlight of God's peace, and' lapped her iii eternal rest. Behold you now in the morning the goodly Father Murphy sending in his card to Mr. Wynford at his hotel. Hear his courteous salu tation, his delightful salutation, his delightful conversation his profuse apologies for the liberty lie has taken. Will Mr. Wynford carry to the Belen, the Jesuits' College at Havana, a child's portrait on ivory, a gift to an only brother, too precious to be entrusted to ordinary means of transmission? The young gentleman — one of two orphans — is studying at the Belen— an ad mirable institution, affording great facilities for studying Spanish. Mr. Wynford cannot fail to be interested in a walk through it. The rever end .Brothers 'will escort him with pleasure. " Yes, the original of the portrait is at the Convent' of the Immaculate Heart— a deliglitful home, school for girls. Mr. Wynford, of course, is a bachelor? No,' Mr. Wynford is the father of a girl whom, lie desire's.to place in school. " Indeed ! The Rev. Father would not dictate, but Mr. Wynford might like to visit the Jlouse of the Immaculate Heart. ' k ' Mr. Wynford accedes,' and precisely at ten is at the gate of a charming spider's 'web, quite unconscious that this appointment was' made for liim last night. " -v- '> 'So the children of our Father at Rome.! work matters, and it is really surprising how we Pro testants :play into their hands. ; , .In the cheerful parlor of the Convent of the Immaculate Heart; Mother Robart received her guests; A tall, commanding woman was Mother Robart. She wore the usual dress of an Abbess, which became her well ; but she was' a: Sybarite in holy orders. . Her dress was of the richest and softest material ; costly her rosary ; costly her crucifix ;, costly and dainty - every item from her/ headgear to her silken hose and likewise kid shoes. vv : ' ' _ :'r Vast,|the difference between Mother \ Ignatia and Mother Robart. To the gates of Rome had swept Mother Robart, her fortune in her hands, a train of converts following her 'triumphant steps ; coming with- pride and - pomp, . like Naaman of old to Elisha's door ; and Rome had riot set within like a crabbed old prophet, re fusing to come out, but had welcomed , her with sounding ; honors, had shouted over the noble convent Mother Robart -Caused to' rise ; . had made her an Abbess and sent her to Rome on special business ; had explored other convents for ' the best : cliirographers, needle-women; music-teachers and so on ; had given lier the most gracious nuns, the most zealous lay sisters 'and1 privileges innumerable. ; Poor Ignatia, on the ' contrary, flying in terror, her all in her hands, the' avenger of blood close behind, " sought peace and found none." Mary of Magdala, mourning over sin," brought her box of precious ointment to a Guest at Simon's house. Happy woman ! who bore her offering to the right feet. If she had poured the oiritriient upon the feet of Peter, probably the " seven devils " would have held her in posses sion until this day. In- Mother Robart's parlor were flowers and ( portfolios of drawings,' and oil-paintings on - the . walls. It was a right pleasant room, arid the! .Lady Superior assured her guest that here she 'gathered the pupils arid Sisters about her for 'cheerful evening hours. -So she did — the favored few. ' .? . i i - ' When Mr. Wynford admired t.wo small land- ' scape oil-paintings, the Mother tranquilly re marked that they were done |by Sister Anna, instructress in that art, though truth obliges us ' to -confess that they were bought at an auction sale. : ' ' Sister Cecelia was called to conduct the party over the building. She preceded them, voluble ; of tongue. Mother Robart majestically followed, Mrl Wynford and Father Murphy coming after, side by side. The door of a small parlor over-' 'looking the garden was opened. "Oh," says ; Sister Cecelia, " I had forgotten this was the hour' for fancy-work !" : ' In truth, Sister Joseplia had been ordered to ; take the flower of the school to that attractive spot," where, in an open bow-window, were 'Working "and chatting Agnes Anthon, Grace, < "Adelaide, arid/Lilly. They were busy, on silk embroidery ; their bright faces, tasteful dress and elegant work causing Mr. Wynford to wish his daughter among them. In the music-room the best pupil was very opportunely playing "Weber's Last Thought," a waltz of Reis- siger's, though generally attributed to the greater Maestro. Then came the school-room, where the Writing-books and Sister Cecelia's copies played an important part. "I suppose," said Mr. Wynford to the Abbess, " Do you admit dancing ?" The Abbess was quick to read looks and tones: "Oh yes," she said, recognizing the gentleman's opinion, "we consider it very im portant—a delightful ' distraction,' the French call it. A mistress from the city instructs twice a week in my presence. We do not expect to bring our pupils up to be Sisters, but to take their proper places in the world and answer the demands of society."- "Beautiful institution!" murmured Father Murphy. : The chapel was next visited. What a grand altar-piece ! Christ standing on the globe, a thorny crown in his hands, cherubs kneeling around. " I bought it the last time I was in Rome for eight hundred dollars in gold," says Mother Robart. A -charming chapel, painted glass windows of choice designs, carvings and mouldings, soft carpets, antique seats, glowing plush cushions. A gem of a chapel. "Like some in Enrope," says Mr. Wynford. " I copied from one in Italy," replies the Abbess. The dining-room was shown— a very different pne from Mother Ignatia's. The dormitories — rows of snowy beds in the separate hails, the Sisters' place curtained off from' the rest. \- "A Sister always in each to secure order and Occident," says Saint Cecelia. The children are pouring out for recess. Mr. Wynford naturally asks to see the one whose portrait he is to carry to Havana. Now there is no such child. But Father Murphy, with ready self-possession, asks the Abbess for a a name not on the rolls, and the Mother aptly catching the cue, replies that Sister Somebody has gone on an errand of mercy to a distant part of the city, and has taken the dear child with her to enjoy the fresh air and cultivate benevo lence. A refection is provided in the parlour— lemonade, fruit, delicate, crisp little biscuit. Mr. Wynford thinks the Convent of the Immaculate Heart paradise, or its gate ; the Abbess, magnificent (as indeed she is) ;> arid he engages to entrust his Estelle, aged thirteen, to lier charge, and will deliver her at the convent the third day from that time. "May I take this as a specimen of all con vents?" asks Mr. Wynford, blandly, between lemonade and biscuit. "They differ, of course, in minor points," replies the Abbess. "There are some where the rule' is stricter, the nuns being cloistered. There are others merely homes for Sisters, who are constantly among the poor, sick and dying. But one great aim animates them all and makes them similar — the desire of doing good." She made no mention of Houses Without Names. "Beautiful institution;" said Mr. Wynford. The guest departs with the priest. The Abbess, looking after him, is apparently engaged upon some arithmetical problem : " One hundred thousand — divided by two— fifty thousand'; possible encumbrances. Take it at its lowest figure — thirty thousand." The convent vacation came in October. This was because Mother Robart found that, if the school was opened during the summer, many girls, at other times dayvscholars, became boarders while their parents or guardians were out of the city for summer journeys. Owing to these circumstances, Agnes Anthon, Grace and Adelaide were now boarding for a while at the Immaculate Heart. The chief attention of the girls was taken up by the approaching celebration of the Assump tion of the Blessed Virgin. We should except Agnes Anthon, who would not be persuaded to take any part in it. "Iam a Protestant," she said, " and this is no work for Protestants. My mother Would not like it." " Doris you think best, my dear child," said Saint Cecelia, mildly, but privately warned her pupils against any intimacy with the young rebel : " She is a girl of insolent, obstinate, imperious spirit; quite unfit for a child of the Church to associate with. Adelaide, you have learned your Catechism — What are the seven virtues?" "Humility — There I've forgotten it again!" laughed Adelaide. "I am sorry for that. But you see that Agnes lacks the very first one." "The last time I tried to learn Cathechism was Consecration Day, and. I left.it to quarrel with Gracie over a satin sash," said Adelaide, with' a burst of laughter. "Grace; you can say the three eminent good works," said Saint Cecelia. "I can't," said Grace, perversely. "I was busy quarrelling over the sash too." The girls did not look very quarrelsome as they stood with their arms about each other, but Grace was provoked at hearing Agnes con demned. Lilly, to comfort Sister Cecelia, said the good works: "Alms' deeds, prayer,' fasting." "You see that Agnes has none of those," said the nun, "therefore she is no fit friend for children of the Church. Lilly, say the three evangelical counsels." "voluntary poverty, perpetual chastity, en tire obedience." , "I wont do 'em," said Adelaide, mischief in her eye. "I'm going to marry a rich man, live like a princess, and do just as I please." " I want to be famous— to do great - things, " Baid Grace. i " If Princess Adelaide is a true Catholic, and if Sister Grace does great things for the Church; it will be very well, said Saint Cecelia. " My Lilly will take the three evangelical , counsels into her heart ?" i. Perhaps so," said Lilly, softly, a dreamy look coming into her violet eyes. , ; Sister Cecelia reached out her hand and drew her toward7 her. Was -it by accident that Agnes came in humming— r . ' "And the cruel spider, caught her, ' And quickly held her fast ?" ., . i Saint Cecelia did not -look over-pleased at this interruption of her edifying' converse with: her pupils. She was cold to. Agnes. Mother Robart was very gracious to Agnes, because she knew the girl was soon going to another school,' and she wanted her to carry into the world pleasant impressions of the convent. " She is a stiff little Protestant now, but the seed sown here may one day spring," said the Abbess to Saint Cecelia. "I was not a Catholic myself when I left my convent school, but early im pressions are strongest, and when I turned to religion at all I turned to that in which I had been trained. " Agnes Anthon's father was with the American Legation at Rome. His wife had accompanied him to Italy for her health, but his means did not permit him to take Agnes ; and besides, he wished her to attend to her studies at home. Agnes was a girl of unusual intellectual powers — had a retentive memory and a logical mirid — had read much, and had been blessed with thorough teachers. After Saint Cecelia's warn ing, Lilly was little in Agnes' society, but Grace was completely bewitched by her new friend. Agnes had keen powers of sarcasm. She had studied Latin and read Virgil. She was Grace's beau ideal. Richard Kemp frequently called at the parlor of his aunt the Abbess to see his half-sister Grace. Richard admired the Superior, though he did riot admire her faith. Mother Robart, however, did not despair of converting him, as she had the rest of her family. Richard was delighted at the accounts he re ceived from Grace of Agnes, and decided within himself that it .would be a grand thing to "prime" the girls for an attack on Father Murphy the first time he came among them. He warily got Grace into a determination to ask the priest concerning the Bible, and sent word to. Agnes that invocation of the saints was bor rowed _ from the Latins, tonsure from the Brahmins, and prayers forgthe dead were intro duced by yEneas. "I know that, without Mr. Kemp telling me," said Agnes, proudly. She saw Richard's plan at once and was amused by it, but resolved to bring out her own weapons just when it suited best. " I would certainly ask the priest why. I could not read the Holy Bible; if I were in your place," she said to Grace. "I will some time," said, Grace. At the Convent of the Immaculate Heart of Mary were some fifty nuns, several lay sisters and a large number of pupils. These pupils were from five to eighteen years of age — -some few of them Catholics, the majority Protest ants, -the reason-for the. scarcity of Romanists being that they were generally unable to pay the high rates demanded for tuition and extras. Mother Robart wanted her pupils to be from the upper classes of Protestants. Of these girls several had been privately received into fuH communion with the Church of Rome, their parents being in blissful ignorance of the fact, believing and often stating to their friends that " no efforts were made to proselyte, the Sisters discountenancing anything of the kind." In fact, there was a great apparent liberality and fairness. The pupils were let alone until it was evident what manner of spirits they were of, and then were tampered with so slyly as for some time to be unconscious of it themselves. Two-thirds of the pupils weHt to confession. Of these was Lilly, who Went entirely without the knowledge of her mother. All children of Papists are expected to confess after attaining the age of seven years. + At one time the suspicions of Mrs. Schuyler were aroused, and she abruptly asked Lilly if she attended confession. Terrified at the thought of betraying the nuns, the girl faltered, "No ma'am." - Thisalsehood lay heavy on her tender spirit, and wnen next at confession she revealed it to Father Murphy. "Ought I to teH mamma of it, and ask her to forgive me ?" inquired Lilly. " You told the falsehood with good intention. It is the intention that makes the character of our acts. Being in behalf of the Church, the motive purified it. A good motive ' 'can purify perjury. "$ ' ' ' ' , On Saturday afternoon, . therefore, Sisters Anna and Cecelia took each a baridof pupils to confession. Thus all . who practiced this, which they supposed to be a duty, were confessed once each month. The confessional adjoined the convent chapel, and had a small parlour attached to it. In this parlour, the Sister in charge of the band of pupils maintained due gravity among', them, while one of their number was engaged in the adjacent confessional in pouring out her sins — not to God but to man. " Sister " would bid the girls spend the time of waiting in preparing themselves thoroughly for their duty, by " care fully examining their consciences upon the ten commandments, the seven deadly sins, etc," and, as each one passed her to go to Father Murphy, would say, solemnly, "He who wil fully conceals a sin in confession commits a great sin by telling a lie to the Holy Ghost, and makes his confession nothing worth." The confessional in the Convent of the Im maculate Heart of Mary' was much more agree able to Father Murphy than the dismal den at Ignatia's house. The ample cushioned chair was an easy rest ; the windows were daintily draperied ; the carpet was soft ; the temperature of the apartment just right the year round. There was none of the passionate remorse and self -upbraiding that fretted him in Ignatia— none of the ceaseless penances that were demanded at the House "Without a Name, and which bored the comfortable Father mostun- mereifully. The childish penitents babbled out their little peccadilloes in xriusical monotony, interspersed now and then by ghostly questions which they did not half comprehend. Some times, if the day were wanri or his dinner had been hearty, the holy Father dozed; all unsus pected by his neophytes. " Estelle Wynford had come to the convent. Her face combined, as did her blood,, the Italian and English types. She was an impulsive, unso- phisticated creature, at any moment ready to prattle all she knew. Yet, while her nature seemed all surface, there were clinging tenderness and uncompromising firmness in its depths. Estelle was, in truth, neither Catholic nor Protestant. Her father knew no worship but that of himself. He looked upon religion as fanaticism, and held himself loftily above it. His children had about as much devotion as France during the Revolution. They regarded the Sabbath as a day' for their ease and recrea tion ; one creed was as good as another, and none essential. If Agnes Anthon fascinated. Grace, Estelle charmed all the girls by her ardent excitable temperament, her ready adap tation to any circumstances, and lier acquaint ance with foreign lands. It was now the summer term, when so many of the girls were boarding at the convent. Each morning they heard matins at six, and low mass at eight. On Sunday morning there was a long service, then a Catechism recitation for all those who chose to attend of the Protestants, the Roman ists being obliged to be prepared with the lesson. "How liberal this was! no pressure upon the minds of Protestant pupils ; perfect liberty allowed; coercion or proselyting not countenanced," I think I hear said by convent- admirers among every sect. The Protestants ' who did not desire to attend were, however, permitted to sit two seats off in full hearing. They might amuse themselves with books if they liked ; but their seat was so discreetlyv- chosen that there was not light enough to read:: conveniently. Between the Catechism in school ' and in church, and the prayers ordered and re- ! peated aloud before and after meals, and on rising and retiring, the Protestant pupils could, not avoid learning the whole of the precious compound during a very short attendance at the school. Besides, to attend and take part in ' this Sabbath recitation brought a heretic pupil . much applause and commendation, and some desired privilege during the week, and would, erase three discredit-marks from said pupil's roll. These things were thoroughly understood and acted upon, though the girls had never heard all these inducements formally set forth by the Sisters. (To be continued. 