PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In tho placo where I am domandod of conscience to speak the truth, and, tbereforo, the truth I apoalc. Impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and othor communications Intended Cor In- sertion bl tho nowa col umua should bo addressed to TUE EDITOR* No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. E\ery lotter muat bo accompanied by the namo and address of tbo writer, not necessarily for publication, but aa a guarantee of good faith. Rejocted communlu.Mona cannot bo roturned undor any circumstances whatever. To avoid i neon vc ni ou co and delay to persons Interested wo havo to request that all business communica- tions, Including advertisement*, orders for the Eapor, and remittances, be addrossod to WildON and lAcaiKNOK, and not to TUB EDITOR. FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1876. No reasonable person will begrudg the members of the Administration th enjoyment of a holiday, especially whe: it is considered that the position of th holders of office, while Parliament is ii session, resembles that of a team o horses incessantly pursued and vocifei ously barked at by a pack of ill-con ditioned dogs, and that the amenitie of political warfare, as practised ia th mother country, are almost if not alto gether unknown in Victoria. W can imagine that the voices o the cataracts on Mount Buffali must appear to be full of musi to the ears of men who have beei doomed for weeks together to listen ti the tedious impertinences of Mr. GAUN SON, the acrid verbosity of Mr. LONG MOKE, or the voluble declamation o; Mr. BERRY. We can well believe tha' it must be much pleasanter to hear th< school children of the Western Distrlcl Binging the National Anthem, than te undergo the slow torture of sitting oui a long debate in which there is a pro digal expenditure of attenuated platt tudes, combined witha most plentifullack, or an absolute famine, of ideas. Bul Ministers have to remember that th< receBS is a short one, that the past yeai was entirely barren uf practical legisla tioD, that when Parliament re-assemblei half the present year will have flown that the next session will be succeeded by a general election, and that a Go vemment which has been taken upon trust must vindicate-by the policy ii presents to the country-its claims te the continued confidence of the people, Hitherto Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH and his colleagues have been regarded with approval, because they dis placed a most obnoxious combination of politicians, who had no justification whatever for taking office; whose ac ceBsion to power amazed and alarmed every well-wisher to the colony, and whose conduct, since their summary ejection from office, has proved that the public distrust of them was thoroughly well founded, and that they were en- tirely unfit to be entrusted with the ad- ministration of public affairs in a country of which the inhabitants look for something like ability and character in their rulers. But the Administration will now be expected to show that it is worthy to win public support by true statesmanship. Without taking a desponding view of the present position of this colony, we cannot help feeling that it is calculated to inspire considerable anxiety. We are evidently approaching a critical epoch in the history of our social and industrial development ; and it is likely to depend very much upon the compo- sition of the next Parliament, and upon the policy to which it may be committed at a general election, whether our prospe- rity shall continue to decline, or whether it will regain its former elasticity and vigour. All around us we have ener- getic rivals, who are sufficiently saga- cious to perceive the terrible mistakes we have made in loading industry with manacles, in sç[uandering the public estate, and in endeavouring to suppress commerce and discourage immigration. New South Wales continues loyal to the principles of free trade, and with an overflowing exchequer and an immense area of unalienated territory, is wisely re- solved upon straining every nerve to regain the position of the leading Au3 tralisn colony, and to make Sydney the great entropôt of trade in these sea?. Queensland, with great natural advan- tages, is emulating the example of hsr neighbour and parent. South Australia seemB to have found in Mr. BOUCAUT a political chief with clear ideas of what should be done to promote the rapid advancement of the community to which he belongs, and with sufficleot forco of character to give them practical effect; while Sir JULIUS VOGEL, in New Zealand, is exhibiting a courageous statesmanship, which will be pronounced to be audacious or brilliant, according to the partial failure or the complete success which may attend the issue. In Victoria, for a period of something like two years and a half, our political position has resembled that of the water which has just been admitted into a lock on the "Thames or the Lea. It is not stagnant, because it is full of eddies and miniature maelstroms; but rela- tively to the stream itself, it is devoid of progress. It is turbulent, but sta- tionary. Such a condition of affairs is not only discreditable to a young country, but disastrous to ils boat in- terests. For although it is perfectly truo that corn grows and fleecos in- crease and gold is found, no mattoe what Governments may be in power, yet experience shows that industry is capablo of being crippled by bad laws, that the productiveness of a country may be materially diminished by a vicious fiscal system, and that the class of men whom it is most desirable to retain among us may be drawn away to neighbouring colonies by the freer scope which they offer to individual energy and enterpiise, and by the refusal of their Governments to confiscate 10 or 20 per cent, of every man's earnings for the sake of bestowing special privi- leges upon a favoured class. We should be wronging the intelli- gence of Sir JAMES M'CULLOCII and his colleagues if we assumed that they are either inattentive or indifferent to the critical condition of affairs in this colony, and to the spirited and laudable efforts which our neighbours aro making to wrest from us the supremacy we have hitherto enjoyed. And as this eager and honourable competition has sprung up there, an imperative necessity arises for the inception and adoption of a broad, bold, and statesmanlike policy on the part of our own Government. Let the members of it disregard the bowlings of the demagogues who are Btumping the country, and talking sonorous claptrap on public platforms. Such gratuitous entertainments are always acceptable as a relief to the dull monotony of a country town, and are therefore largely attended and warmly applauded. Let the Ministry present a liberal and patriotic pro- gramme to the people of Victoria, and avow their determination of carrying it into effect in a reformed Parliament, and we have no misgivings as to the result. Generous ideas have not lost their hold on the public mind, and there is a suffi- cient amount of intelligence in the com- munity to enable it to discriminate between tho pretensions of true statesmanship and the ravings of a clique of disappointed place-hunters. The Amending Health Act prohibit under heavy penalties, the emptying < night- soil into any rivers, stream swamps, &c;, and also the placing of on land whence it would be liable to flo into such streams or swamps ; and tt Central Board intimates to the loci boards that it "will be an importai " part of their duty to see that thi " dangerous description of nuisanci " which has in so many places been Ion " carried on with impunity, is now pu " a stop to by a stringent enforcemen " of the provisions of the act." It i further provided hythe same moasur that where local boards may "raak " default in doing their duty in relatioi " to the abatement of nuisances," th central organisation may step in and in stitute proceedings with that view j also that inspectors may themselves giv notices ordering the abatement o nuisances, and summon offenders whi refuse or delay to obey their mandates In all this we have greatly improvec machinery for the protection of thejpub lie health, if only there was a staf capable of working it in an efficien manner, which, however, does not a1 present exist, nor has -any meani been proposed for its creation, Touch ing this particular question of thi pollution of streams and lakes, and o: the waters of Hobson's Bay-whicl should also have had something dont for their protection, but have not re ceived any consideration-it is only fail to admit that a great deal has airead} been done by the City Council, and also by some of the suburban councils, to abate the nuisance. The Yarra ii still very foul, no doubt, but it cannoi be said that it is in a worse condition than it was ten or a dozen years ago, when there were only two rated tene- ments in thecity for every three that there are now. With a rapidly- increasing popu- lation, and the lapse of years, thinge would have got rapidly worse only foi the adoption of improved sanitary ar- rangements, and particularly by the substitution of above-ground receptacles of a certain kind for under-ground cess- pits. When the numbers of the one and the other in use in the city were made up in July last, it was found that there were 10,560 of the former to about 2,000 of the latter, and if we asBume that something like the same proportions obtained outside the corpo- ration boundaries, it will follow that about 80 per cent, of the feculent substances that were formerly per- mitted, to a very considerable extent, to flow into the river, and thence into Hobson's Bay, to the pollution of both, is now intercepted, re- tained on the surface, and removed into the country ; not, certainly, without offence to the community, but unques- tionably with much less offence, and with much less risk to the public health, than arose under the old system. The amending act provides for the extension of the newer and more generally adopted mode oí dealing with the substances under consideration. In the first place, the construction of new under-ground pits in any city, town, or borough is absolutely forbidden, and the provisions of the act in this regard can bo extended by the Go- vernor in Council to any part of the colony. Existing underground pits will only be permitted to remain under very stringent conditions. They must be perfectly water-tight, and they must not be " in such a condition or position " as to be calculated to generate disease " or to be a public nuisance." The act empowers local boards to make the examination necessaïy to find out whether cesspits leak, or are otherwise objectionable, and to take proceedings to compel their owners to fill them up when found to be so-a duty the vigilant performance of which the Central Board strongly urges upon the local authorities. That the cesspit system will soon be abolished under the operation of the new act there is good reason to . expect, inasmuch as householders whose underground receptacles are complained against will find it cheaper to fill them up altogether than to put them into thorough repair, and maintain them in that condition. To recur to the subject of the pollu- tion of streams, etc., there can be no doubt that this abominable practice has long prevailed, and extensively. To save themselves the expense of remov- ing excremcntitiou8 substances into the country, nightmen have made a pre- tence of selling it to farmers and i market-gardeners in thickly-populated suburbs, who were really paid for permitting them to be deposited on thoir land in such positions as permitted of their being readily washed away into the Yarra and other waters. Nefarious pro- ceedings of this character have sometimes formed the Bubject of proceedings in the courts, but there is too much reason to believe that they still prevail. The Central Board will have to give its best attention to this subject if the 22nd section of the new act is to become beneficially operative. A fine of £100, or imprisonment for six months, is the penalty prescribed for the pollution of streams or waterholes with nightsoil, but the offence is of so insidious a character, and is so capable of being com- mitted under spacious disguise, that with all the powers which the new act confers it will be a matter of some diffi- culty to put an end to it. In connexion with this subject, an im- portant consideration presents itself. La not the Government itself, or at all events the heads of certain public departments, among the worst of the transgressors against the provisions of the new measure that have for their object the preservation of our rivers and lakes) On this subject, we speak on the autlio rity of information supplied to us, which we have every reason to account correct, and this information causes us to inquire whether the General Post office does not habitually pour offensive and poisonous sewage into the Yarra ? The establish- ment haB an underground drain of its own, and there is every reason to believo that this is a channel whose principal function is to pollute the river. The ' Treasury and Parliament Houses have also a Bpccial drain, which empties into the river. Not long since Flinders street was ripped up to make some alteration in this drain, and the exist- ence of such a propagator of disease ia fully within the knowledge of all who use that thoroughfare. Then, there is the Pentridge prison. New arrangements have recently been made for the filtering, or disinfection, or purification of the sewage from that vast establishment, in order that it might be emptied into the Merri Creek in an apparently innocuous condition. But it has been ascertained beyond the possibility of doubt that the purification of sewage is an ex- tremely deceptive process. It may be rendered pellucid and still remain charged with deadly poison. The Yarra Bend and the Kew Lunatic Asylums each contain large populations, and we understand that their feculent accumu- lations are used as manurial agents within the grounds of the institutions respectively. But this, again, is a delusive operation. The offensive sub- stances deposited on banks sloping to the river will only be partly abaorbed by the earth with which they come into contact, or partly converted by the chemical agencies of vegetation. There will always be a residuum, probably a considerable one, to bo washed into the river by the action of storm-waters. It certainly seems an extraordinary anomaly that while the Legislature is passing laws for the protection of the public health, the Government should be doing so much, or permitting so much to be done, that is directly in- imical thereto. We commend this phase of the subject to the beBt attention of the Central Board and its officers. Mr. DISRAELI'S ideas about Australian colonists seem to have been founded upon notions which were current in England about twenty yeara ago, and which wera not altogether inaccurate at that time. But whatever may have boon tho case then, nothing can bo more erroneous than to speak of tho men who have ruado fortunes here as returning to England, purchasing estates, becoming high sheriffs, renting a fine house in Hyde-park, ana identifying themselvoB with the beat society. Such is not the rule, but the exception. Probably every successful man revisits Europe, for the purpoae of seeing countries which he was denied the opportunity of becoming acquainted with in early life. And so does every opulent American. But there is this notable difference between the latter and the Australian ; that while the nouveau riche from tho United States would prefer building or buying an hotel in Paris, to the possession of the finest estate that could be bought on the banka of the Hudson ; the wealthy Australian is actuated by the honourable ambition to become a country gentleman in the land which is tho birthplace of Ms ohildren, to orect a mansion in which ho can dis- pense a generous hospitality, and to live en grand seigneur in the midat of his flocks and herds and their fat pastures. This we know is a very flagitious crime in the eyes of the taproom demagogue, who cultivates a taste for liquors and radicalism, and rails at the wealth which his own sottish habits disable him from acquiring ; but we have no doubt there are some persons who are sufficiently destitute of this kind of malignant onvy and animosity to regard the growth of a class of country gentlemen as by no means injurious to the interests of society. In the next generation, wo hope this class will con- tribute to public life a good many mon of cultivated minds, independent means, and abundant leiauro( to whom the emoluments of office will bo a secondary consideration as compared with the desire to serve tho country to which thoy are attached by birth, with which they are identified by property, and in whose advancement they will feel a just and pardonable pride. Probably we ought not to be very much surprised to find a bolief in witch- craft still prevalent among the dark high- landers of Now Zealand, when wo re- member that only 104 years have elapsed since tho last prosecution for witchcraft took place in England, tho proceediDgs having been instituted by tho rector of a parish in Hertfordshire, who declared «pon his faith as a clergyman, that he behoved an old woman named JANE WENHAM to be a witch. A bucolic jury convicted hor, but an enlightened judgo I took caro to procuro a remission of her sentence, much to the disgust of tho clergy, who strongly condemned the humane and rational eonduot of tho judge ; while it ia well known that as re- cently as 1708, JOHN WESLEY assorted that " the giving up witchcraft " Is in effect giving iip the Bible." Tho recollection of these facts, as well as of that stated on tho authority of DALZELL, in his Darter Superstitions of Scotland, that tho clergy of that country used to donounco by name from the pulpit any eldorly female suspected of witchcraft, and exhort their pariahionera to give evi- dence against hor, and to refuse to shelter her, should induce us to refrain from lifting oui: hands in horror of the super stitiouspracticcBof thoMaorioa. HIMIONA, in murdering TE MAJIAE, no doubt thought ho was performing quite as praiseworthy an act aH that which used to be effected under the supervision of the kirk aoBsiona, when fire-matche» were applied to the bodies of foeble old women, and thoy were made to undergo tho torturo of tho ponnywinki tho boots, and tho cascliiel-aurs. bocaui thev wero accused of bewitching the neighbours' cattlo, or of flying down ti chimney in the likeness of a black ca HIMIONA'B ignorant belief In sorcery : no doubt very shocking, but could w not match it with something much nearc lorne Î When a circlo of mon an women, whose skins aro whito, and hav never been ornamented by tho gracofi tattoo, Boat themselves round a tabh and are soriously convinced that thoy at holding a conversation by means of dil orderly furniture with the ghosts c Pj,V*ß» LUORLMA BORGIA, SHAKSPEARI ant «¡¡J late Mrs. SMITH, can wo, withou . )j0i5g guilty of Pharisaism, indulge i .censorious reflections upon tho terrlbl delusions of Maori land ? His Excellency the Governor yesterday ps: 'formed the ceremony of turning the first so oí the Portland and Hamilton Railway, a event which caused great rejoicing i the district, which hopes to bene£ greatly by the extension of railway con inmnication. At the banquet afterward held Sir George Bowen delivered a speec containing some very interesting informatjo: concerning the progress of railway extenaio; .in the colony. He contrasted the progrès imttde in Victoria with that made in Nei South Wales and other countries, 'and drew picture very flattering to Victoria. Sir Jame M'Culloch and the other members of th Ministry present also spoke, and wer warmly received. The Customs department bave taken step to carry out the intimation convoyed in th' letter of the Commissioner of Customs t< Messrs. Stevenson and Sons, viz., that ii future all goods belonging to the firm woali be opened and examined. Yesterda; a consignment of goods, now beini landed, intended by Messrs. Steven Son for transhipment to another colony were thus dealt with. The firm passet the necessary entries for transhipment, bu an intimation was received from the Customi that the invoices must be produced, a conrsi wbiob, we understand, is not usual whet transhipment entrieB only are to be passed SB no duty would be paid in this colony. Or the invoices being shown, a message was sen 'to Messrs. Stevenson and Sons, stating thai all the cases would require to be opened and examined throughout. The delay caused bj this course will necessarily seriously impede the business operations of the firm, Th< < Customs department are doubtless doun: their duty in taking every possible pre' -caution against frauds on the revenue, bul the facts as stated in this instance appear te show rather a desire to harass the business operations of this firm than to protect the revenue, which would not be in any was affected by goods transhipped to anothei colony without any payment of duty here. The case of Mesers. Stevenson and Sons came again before the City Court yesterday, when Mr. George Stevenson and his mana, ger, Mr. George F. Brind, were charged on summons with having on the 8th inst. "unlawfully, by force of violence as- saulted, resisted, and obstructed," two cus. Iotas officers-Messrs. Michael Frederick Gordon and Richard Horatio Dawson while in the execution of their duty. 'The evidence of the complainants was lo the effect that they stopped all night on Friday, the 7th inst, at the warehouse of Messrs. Stevenson in consequence of Mr, Stevenson refusing to fulfil an arrangement '.which bad been entered into during the day fey Mr. Brind and Mr. Guthrie, that the Warehouse was to be locked up that night under the supervision of the customs 'Officers, and the keys lodged at the Swlice station. Shortly before 1 o'clock on the following day (Saturday, the 8th iiiBt.), Mr. Stevenson told the officers that he was advised that they were illegally ?Dil the premises, and they would have to go -out. Neither resisted more than nominally, and they were each led or pushed out of the warehouse by Mr. Stevenson and Mr. Brind, '.Ibis-constituted the offence charged. The complainant Gordon also stated that he waa hustled on being put out by a crowd of Messrs. Stevenson's employai, -who Lad collected round him. The .case for the prosecution closed about half-post i o'clock, when Mr. G. P. Smith applied for an adjournment until next morning, as he said lie had Btrong arguments to bring forward to tëhow that the complainants were trespassers and were rightly ejected. The Bench, how. ever, seemed to have made up their minds to .commit, as Mr. Sturt, who presided, said >4hey were decided on the question if the de- fendants did not intend to call any wit- nesses. After some discussion, however, Mr. «3. F. Smith succeeded in obtaining an ad- journment until half-past 10 o'clock this morning, when the case for the defence will Ibe gone into. lu the correspondence respecting the 'Stevenson case, published in Wednesday's issue, reference was made in the letter .written by the firm to the fact that their reasons for declining to consent to the open- ing of their letters, as suggested by the 'Government, were contained in a letter 'written by their solicitor. The following is the letter referred to:-"24 William-street, Melbourne, 12th April, 1870. Dear Sir, 'In reference to the proposal you made to me this morning respecting Mr. Stevenson's -opening his mail letters in the presence and ander the supervision of Mr. Tyler and Mr. 'Turner, I have communicated your proposal 'to Mr, Stevenson, and, as I told you I 'thought he would, he declines to become a consenting party to any such arrange .ment. He fails to seo why, until he ¿as been proved guilty of some offence, lie should be treated in a different manner to any other merchant in this ? city. The detaining or opening of any per. Bon's letters, private or otherwise, ¡3 in his opinion a most extreme step for the Govern- ment to take, whatever power they may «laïm to have, and he will not place himself in the position of appearing to approve of it loy adopting your proposal. He requests me to state that while much obliged to you for -jour personal courtesy, he will not consent to any espionage being exercised over him in the opening of his letters, and he leaves with the Government the responsibility of any step they moy take in further detaining or opening thom.-I am, (¿c , Wir. RwaALl,, 'JThe Hon. Robert Ramsay." Judge Pohlman has sent in an application to the Crown Law department for 12 months' leave of absence on fall pay. He is suffering from an offection of the eye, which Beriously impedes the sight, and he has been recom- mended a voyage to England. No determina tion bus yet been arrived at, but in view of tho very long services of the learned judge, he having been for over 30 years in the service of the Crown, there is no doubt that the re- quest will be acceded to. During his absence the present arrangements for the Central Bailiwick, whereby Judge Cope presides at ÍBr'r County Court ia Melbourne, and Judge " \ -lawman acts as deputy-judge for that baili- wick, will be continued. Notwithstanding the precautions that lave been taken, it does not seem probable that Sir Samuel Wilson's effort to stock the rivers of Victoria with salmon is likely to be affective. Vory disheartening reports have already been received relative to the ova sent to Geelong, Ercildoun, and Ballarat, and it also appears that the ova at the Ice Com- pany's works in Franklin-street are in no better condition. It is not expected that a Single one of the ova will live, although the temperature is all that could be deBired for latching purposes. i A number of the undeigraduates of the ' IJniversity, not content with the disorder they caused at the annual commencement on Saturday last, proceeded yesterday still further in that line oí conduct. They discovered the identity of the writer of certain letters to a morning jour- nal, in which their proceedings had Been condemned in a manner very unpleos ing to them. In this letter the medical 1 student« of the University were violently attacked, and they determined to shan their resentment. Tho writer was dis- covered through a draft copy of his letter being found among ¿ia papers. The matter waa brought under the notice of Professor Strong, who we understand advised that a committee of those interested should draw up an apology, which the youth should be requested to sign. The injured students, however, were not content with obtaining an apology, but insisted in duck- ing him in the pond. They forced him to wado into the water waist deep, and cheered with delight at witnessing his discomfiture. They then allowed him to depart. The matter will doubtless be inquired into by the University authorities. A farewell luncheon was given yesterday, at Clement's Café, to Mr. L. C. Mackinnon of Tile Argus, by a number of gentlemen connected with the paper, upon the occasion of his departure on a visit to England. Between 30 and 40 were present, and the chair was taken by Mr. Hugh George, the general manager. The chairman, in proposing thetoaatof Mr. Mackinnon'shealtb, expressed the high appreciation in which he was held by all those who had been brought into con- tact with him. The toast was warmly re- ceived. Mr. Mackinnon responded in a few well-chosen observations, thanking his friends for the kind expression of their feelings towards him. The Minister of Mines received a deputa- tion from Amherst yesterday, who requested that the Government would grant a sum of money for the repair of the reservoir there. The cost was estimated at about £82. Mr. M'Lellan promised that the Chief Engineer of Water Supply should look into the matter. A deputation from Castlemaine also waited upon bim to bring under his notice the wholesale destruction of fish which WOB taking place in the Harcourt and Expedition Pass reservoirs. Mr, M'Lellan said the matter was rather one for the Lands depart- ment. The will of the late Mr. C. J. Latrobe was proved in the Supreme Court yesterday. The property was sworn at £16,000. An application was .made to the Supreme Court yeBterday, on behalf of Mr. Â, Read and Mr. W. Morley, for probate of the will of the late David Nesbit The application was opposed by Mrs. Nesbit, the widow of the deceased. Evidence was given in support of the will, that it was made on the Gth October, the day before Nesbit lost left the colony for England ; that it was witnessed by Mr. Tomkins, a clerk of Mr. Bead's, and by John M'Vicar, formerly a servant to Nesbit. The will left the bulk of his property to Nesbit'd BiBter, but gave legacies to several people. Mrs, Nesbit contested the will on the ground that at the time it was made Nesbit was drunk, and also on the ground that the for- malities of the Wills Act had not been com. plied with, in that the attesting witnesses signed before the testator. The witness in support of the defence, was M'Vicar, who is now an inmate of Pentridge, having been convicted of illegally pawning some property of Nesbit, The case was not concluded when the Court adjourned till this morn- ing. The prisoner Sullivan, confined in the Pentridge Stockade, who assaulted Warder O'Brien last week while in the execution of his duty, was brought before Mr.Call,visiting justice, on Wednesday last. He called several of the prisoners as witnesses to show he was harshly dealt with, but their evidence was to quite the opposite effect, as it waa proved by them, and nlBO by the officers, that the prisoner was only searched in the ordinary manner before being locked up for punishment. The prisoner cross-examined all the witnesses at considerable length but their, evidence only went to show that the assault on Warder O'Brien waa quite unprovoked. Mr. Call sentenced bim to six weeks' imprisonment, the first li days in solitary confinement A scampish lad, about 12 years old, named Wn, Trey, WOB convicted at the Prahran Police-court yesterday of stealing a pony, Baddle, and bridle, belonging to Mr. J. H. White. The boy's father was a gardener in Mr. White's employment, and the lad was always doing some villany, but had hitherto escaped the consequences on account of his youth. He was now sent to the Reformatory for five years. The Arab, albeit accustomed to travel over sandy wastes on the "ship of the desert," is not looked upon by tbe generality of people as the sort of person to become a sailor. Nevertheless, there are Arabs who are seamen, or, at any rate, follow a Baa faring life, and one appeared at the' City Police-court yesterday as a deserter from his ship. He gave his name aa Wiggetts, but the captain said MB name was Mahomet Iahmael, that he was an Arab, and that he was continually fighting with the reBt of the crew, who were Lascars. Directly the captain and first mate were out of sight he would raise a quarrel with some of the crew, and even the "Serong," or cap- tain of the Lascar crew, was afraid of him. When Mahomet-Ishmael, who waa a very dark hard-featured man, not much like the picturesque Arabs one reads about,' was aBked what he had to say, he responded by uttering deep guttural sounds, which the cap- tain interpreted to mean that he knew no language but his own. The captain, however, added that Mahomet could understand and speak Euglah very well when he liked. The Bench sentenced the Arab to a month's im- prisonment on board the hulks. Some time ago, Mr. J. B. Fairchild, J. P., waa summoned to the district police court for obstructing the navigation of the Lower Yarra by a wool-washing apparatus. It waa argued that Fairchild, having leased the land the Btaging, fee., was on from the Go- vernment, had a right to keep the affair where it was, and could not be com- pelled to move it, merely because the river was being widened. On that oc- casion the case was dismissed without pre- judice, on a technical error discovered in the summons. Mr. F. Stephen, on behalf of Captain Fullarton, harbour master, recently took out a fresh summons, and the case was dealt with yesterday. Mr. Gillott urged bia previoas objections, but the Bench, finding that the obstructions had not meantime been removed, fined Mr. Fairchild £5, with £2 2a. costs. The following were announced yesterday as the loweBt tenders received for the under- mentioned works :-Life-boat, sheds, and re- pairs to wharf at Port Albert, Mr. Achuts, £1,188¡fencing andgateB, Govornment-houae Domain, W. Smith, £213 ; supply of 100 cubic yards of bluestone metal, James Platt 0a. lid, per yard. At the annual meetiug of the Hospital Sunday Committee held yesterday, accounts were rendered, and it was resolved that the cbaritiea to be assisted thiB year should be the same as those benefited last year. The Rev. W. Moss essayed to have the Asylum for the Blind and the Deaf and Dumb Asylum included, but was unsuccessful, the institutions being regarded as sectarian. The usual weekly meeting of the Benevo- lent Asylum was hold yesterday, Mr. Whit- ney occupied the chair, and thero were alao present Messrs. Ashley and Zevenboom, and Dis. Hardy and Hunt. The superintendent reported tho state of the house to be-125 malos and 212 females. The medical officer's report showed that there were 181 patienta in the hospital, 50 of whom were under treatment An inmate named Mary Ann Kirwin died on the 21at inat. of dementia, aged 85, having been five years and a half in the institution. A donation of books from Mr. James Henty, of Richmond, was re. ceived with thanks. The second engine of the Deniliquin and Moama Railway Company will be despatched this afternoon to its destination. The engine was imported, but haa been put together in the Williamstown workshops^ Several of the directors of the company and a few friends will make the trip up the line to day on this engine, which will leave the Spencer, 'street station. , The monthly meeting of the Microscopical Society of Victoria was held at the City Coro ner's office lost night, and was well attended. Mr. T, S. Ralph, the president, read a papar on a new coccus insect, the singularity of which consisted in long tnfts of hair issuing from its body, each apparently being formed by the spiral twisting of three smaller fibres separate at the base. Fine specimens were exhibited illustrative of the same. He also exhibited another form of coccus, and a third and interesting variety waa shown by another member proaent. Mr. Sydney Gibbons showed and commented on the vinegar plant, explaining that it evidently consisted of two layers, the upper, which had arrived at maturity, and the lower, which was full of vigour, decomposing tho sugar which was present, converting it into acetic acid, and when the whole of the sugar was decomposed, sending fructifying branches in the air, to form spores capable of passing through the same process. Mr. Gibbons also made some interestingcomparisons relative to allied plants, such as the oidium, penioilum, and tortu!a\ Mr. F. Barnard exhibited and contrasted the gizzards of the mole cricket and the black cricket, and promisod that he would shortly give a fuller description, Mr, C. Trench showed a splendid collection of insects collected by Mr. A. R. Wallace in the Malay Archipelago. He had promised to exhibit an extraordinary form oicurculionidae from Queensland, but he regretted to' state that, having exchanged it for something else with another collector, the latter had refused to lend it to him to exhibit that night. He, however, gave a drawing of the extraordi- nary antenna: of the insect. An interesting conversazione terminated the proceedings. The members of the Australian Natives' Association celebrated their fifth anniversary last night by a dinner at Clements' Cafe, Swanston-atreet. There was a good muster of members, and the president (Mr. W. Gaun. son) occupied tho chair. Mr. Clements, as usual, furnished a very good dinner. The usual loyal toasts having been duly honoured, " Success to the Australian Na- tives' Association" was proposed by Mr. Ambler, and responded to by the presi- dent, who remarked that in a few years the society would number thousands. The objects of the association were the mental and moral improvement of the young men natives of Australia, and the advantages of a benefit society. During the five years of ita oxistence, the association had made good progress, and its objects would gradually commend themselves to a larger section of the community. Ho believed in the maxim "Australia for the Australians," and every legitimate means should be employed to con- serve the interests of the native population All Australians had a right to a voice in the Government of the country, and by union they would make their influence felt. An effort would be made to popularise the asso- ciation during the coming year by the delivery of lectures on colonial subjects. Several other toasts were proposed and duly honoured, and a very pleasant evening was Bpenr, some of the members giving some good musical selections. The second annual meeting of the Hotham Temperance-hall Company (Limited) was held last evening, in the Temperance-ball, Queensberry-street, Mr. J. Ballantyne, who occupied the chair, in moving the adoption of the directors' report, called special atten- tion to the large number of shares (238) liable to forfeiture for nonpayment, and he hoped that steps would be at once taken to compel those shareholders to pay up their liability according to the articles of associa- tion. The directors recommended that COO additional shares should be sold as Boon as possible, to clear off the liability at the bank, for which a high rate of interest had to be paid. If this wero done, the company at the end of the ensuing year would be in a posi- tion to pay a fair rate of interest for the money invested. The balance-sheet showed that the total amount received for the rent of the hall during the past year had been £291 4s., and the expenditure £331 13s. 7d., show- ing a loss of £10 9s. 7d. ; this deficiency had been occasioned by certain exceptional ex. penditure amounting to £40 8j. 8d., bat as there waa an outstanding account due to the company for rent, the income over expendi ture would amount to £33 19s. Id., which balance, with the increased value of the pro- perty, was considered very satisfactory. The following were elected directors for the ensuing year :-Messrs. W. Hardy, Thomas, Pearson, Wilson, and Garland. Messrs. Daniel Scott, and F. Dann having been elected auditors, the meeting terminated. The first day of the V.C.C. Derby and Oaks CourBing Meeting was held yesterday, on Mr W. J. Clarke's estate, near Sunbury, in Wal. lace's paddock. The first round of the Derby was run off, and four courses obtained in the Oaks. The weather was not well suited for the sport, and the country was very dry. Mr, Gardiner's judging gave satisfaction, and, as UBUal, Banner's slipping waa every- thing that could be wished. The meeting will be resumed to-day, atWarwick's-hilU Major Templeton, of the Collingwood Rifles, made a presentation to Private W. Winn on Wednesday evening, at the East Melbourne Orderly-room. It consisted of a very handsome black marble clock, and was the gift of the presenter. It bore the fol- lowing inscription :-" Presented to the Col lingwood Rifles by Major Templeton. ' Won by W. Winn, the highest aggregate scorer ia six matches ending April, 1870." The handsome silver trophy presented to the Metropolitan Artillery Corps by the mem- bers for West Melbourne-Sir Charles Mae Mahon and the Hon. Edward Langton-will be fired for, for the first time, on Saturday afternoon next by the corps. It is to be competed for once in every three months, and will become the property of the member of the corpB who wins it three times. The Metropolitan Artillery paraded at Emerald-hill butts on Saturday afternoon, with their field battery of six 12-poundar Arm. strong guns, for shot practice. The officers present were Major H. A. Clarke (in com- mand), Captain Gaul, Lieutenant Kelly, and Surgeon Fulton. Ten rounds were fired from eacb'gun at a target about 8ft. square, placed at about 900 yards distance. There was a great improvement in the firing since the last practice. No. 1 subdivision, under the charge of Sergeant Ford, won the first prize with 22 points from six hits ; the second prue fell to No. ß Bubdivision, in charge of Sergeant Todd, with 21 points, put together from seven hits. I The UBual half-yearly meeting of the share- holders of the Victoria Ice Company was held yesterday at the company's offices, Franklin street. Mr. R. Murray Smith, M.L.A., occupied the chair. The balance sheet for the half-year showed that the profit on the company's business during the summer months amounted to £1,987 8s. Cid. The affairs of the company were announced to be in a most satisfactory condition, and the usual dividend was declared. Mr. W. K Thompson was re elected a director, and the retiring auditors were also re- elected. The following casualties were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesteiday .-Francis Pincot, aged 31 years, living at the Sailors Home, suffering from wounds on the head and face, caused by a man assaulting him in William-street. William Prune, aged 22 years, residing in Collingwood, Buffering from injuries to the chest. He was driving a night-cart on the Heidelberg-road, and went to sleep and fell off the cart. The wheel passed over his chest. He was in the employ of Mr, Higgins, contractor, Fitzroy. George Gray, aged 12 years, living in Coburg. A piece of timber fell on him at the wood market, and fractured his leg. George Rawle, aged 20 years, residing in York-street, Emerald-hill. He was driving a waggonetto in Flinders-lane, and in crossing the water channel the horse stumbled and fell. Rawle, who was standing up, was thrown out, and received injuries to his back. Robert Glad stone, age 00 years, living in Fitzroy-street, Fitzroy. Part of his band was oat off by a circular saw at Carr and Sons' factory, Spring street, ' Between half-past 7 and 8 o'cloctt lost evening a fire occurred in an iron building used as a drying-room in connexion with the match-factory of Richard Boll and Co., Gippi street, Collingwood. The place waa close shortly after 0 o'clock, when everything at peared safe, but at the time above-named Mi Bell was in his residence, when he heard crackling noise, and going out found te drying-room on fire inside. An alarm wa sent to the local brigades, who quickl attended, and put the fire out before it ha spread beyond the drying-room. Th damage was estimated at about £150. Th stock was not insured, but the buildin was. Another fire occurred yeaterda in St. Kilda, at about half-past 1 o'clock ii the afternoon, Mrs. James Baillie, livine; ii No. 12 Argyle-streer, was in the garden when her little girl called out that the hous was on fire. Mrs. Baillie found tbo canva ceiling to be in flames, and in a little wbil the whole house, a four-roomed woodei building, was in a blase. The alarm wa taken to the St. Kilda Brigade, who at tended at once, and proventod the furtho extension of the fire. Some damage wae however, done to the houses adjoining eithe side, occupied one by Mr. E. H, Mack, am the other by Miss Bindon. The fire wa caused by some clothes which were dryin before the fire being ignited by a spark. The Ballarat Star learns by telegram from Deniliquin that the man arrested there on Monday as being guilty of the Burrumbeet outrage was discharged on Wednesday. The police believe, from statements made by the prisoner and discrepancies in his descrip- tion that he is not the right man. Information has been received by the de- tectives that the man who is charged with the Burrumbeet outrage was seen on Sunday last, by a person who knows him well, at Comadai, beyond Melton. The man's whiskers were shaved off and his hair was cut, and he said that he had done this for a purpose, and was going into the bush, but did not say in what direction. The lease for three years from the 1st o July of the Geelong racecourse paddock containing an area of 010 acres, waa sole yeBterday at auction, by Mesara. Ogilvie anc Robinson, to Mr. Joseph Brensley, at thi rate of Cs. 9d. per acre. The biddings wen very spirited. The price obtained was £8; over the amount paid by the presen! lessee. On Tuesday night last the members of tin Castlemaine Philharmonic Society presentee their conductor, Mr. Henry John King, witt a handsomely-mounted tulon, manufacturée by Messrs. Walsh Brothers, Collins-street, it token of his having attained his majority. The presentation was made ia most compli mentary terms, and was suitably acknow- ledged. During tho last two years, undei Mr. King's guidance, the Castlemaine Phil- harmonie Society has made great progress. A young man named William A. Hender- son, a clerk in the Bank of Australasia, Sydney, committed suicide on the 22nd ¡nat. because he received a slight reprimand from his superior officers, The Berala Btatea that the deceased had been at home all the pre- vious evening, apparently in his usual health, and about 9 o'clock said to his sister that he was going to retire to his room, as he had a couple of letters to write. On Saturday morning he was called to breakfast as usual, and not making any reply his sister went to his window, which she found open, and on raising the blind saw him lying motion leBB on the bed dreased. Life waa found to be extinct In a tumbler ou the dreBaing- table there waa a small quantity of liquid, and on the side of the glass a sediment, which was pronounced to I be cyanide of potassium. Two letters wore found in the deceased's room addressed to friends, intimating that he had contemplated suicide. He is said to have been of a remark- ably sensitive temperament, and having in- curred the displeasure of his superiors at his office for some trifling irregularity, it is sup. posed that he permitted it to weigh upon his mind and intellect The jury, after hearing the evidence, found that death had resulted from the effects of an overdose of a deadly poison taken knowingly. The racehorse Eaglehawk, which won the Prince of Wales Stakes and Forced Handi- cap at the late Wagga Wagga Meeting, was stolen on the morning of the 22nd ¡net., from the Criterion Hotel stables, Wagga Wagga. The Exprés states that "the theft occurred oboutí 1 o'clock, the thief being, heard in the yard by a neighbour, who, however, thought nothing ofj the matter, as after the raceB horses were being removed by their owners at all hours of the night. In the morning however, the box waa found to be empty, and tho animal was traced over the river. It would appear that the thief took the direc- tion of Gundagai, as a man was seen gallop- ing along that road a little before daylight, by a farmer residing 10 or 12 miles from Wagga. Information was conveyed to the police, but up to the present time no infor- mation has been received to trace the thief." "A distressing accident," says the South Australian Advertiser, "occurred at Spring- field, Mount Crawford, on Friday, April 21, to a little girl aged 11 years, eldest daughter of Mr. John Warren. A little brother, whilst bathing in a waterhole, got out of his depth, and appeared to be in danger of drowning, when his sister, seeing this, went into the water to endeavour to rescue him, but un- happily got out of her depth, and waa drowned before anyone could render assist- ance. The little boy, with the aid of a stick held out to him by his playmates, managed to reach the bank and was saved." A curious case, heard at the Circular Head General SeBsion on the 19th inst., ia given iu the Cornwall Chronicle of April 2G. Dr. Edward Govett, a medical man practising in the district was sued by Ellen Russell for £30 damages for breach of agreemont, in that he did, at Stanley, on the 26th and 28th days of December last, refuse and neglect, as a paid medical attendant, to visit the huBband of the plaintiff, a subscriber, who died wanting that medical treatment which the defendant had contracted to supply. The plaintiff waa the wife of a farmer, living in the forest, about seven miles and a half from Stanley, and he was a subscriber to Dr. Govett, and had agreed to pay £2 per annum for medical attendance to himself and family without medicines. On the 26th December lost ho became ill of a violout cold and inflammation. The defendant was Bent for, and told that the man waa very ill, and not expected to livo the night. He sent medicine, but did not attend personally. The man died on December 28. The defence was that Dr. Govott was engaged for two con- finement caHes in the township, and that he understood Russell to bo morely Buffering from a severecold, and prescribed accordingly. On the same day he was aont for in another vory urgent case, where, howevor, the patient was not a subscriber. The jary, numbering three persons, unanimously re- turned a verdict for the plaintiff, awarding £10 damages. The South Australian Premier, Mr. Boucaut, and his late colleague, Mr. Ebenezer Ward, aro no longer tho fast friends which they appeared to be during their temporary union in the late Government. Referring to a speech made by Mr. Ward at a recent banquet given at Edithburgh, tho South Am tralian Advertiser Bays.-"Mi. Ward fools i that he has been scurvily treated by Mr. Boucaut, and he has no restraint in lotting him have the vory rouRheat side of his tongue. In cool, calm, and half-malignant vituperation, the ex-Minister has not an equal in the Assembly. He has humour, too, and his fiercest attacks are lighted up in this way. There was something almost ludicrous in his description of Mr. Boucaut as an angel of light when he was blessed with the j advice and guidance of his Minister of Edu- cation, and of him as a demon of darkness when left to his own devices, with no pure and ' friendly angel to save him. Mr.Ward's work at Edithburg was not easy. He had to defend the former Ministry, its policy, aud action, and at the same time to denounce the present Government with tho same policy. But he managed the thing with signal dex- terity, i and the angel and demon theory helped him wonderfully. Lucifer, the son ( the Morning, had fallen, and the sign of hi fall waa his treachery to his Minister of, Edi cation. He who was BO good, so great, an so noble while his faithful friend was at hi side, bad fallen into the darkness of Ta tams when ho lost his hold on political trat and honesty, as embodied in the person < Mr. Ward." The Guntawang murder case was tried at Mudgee on the 18th inst, George Pitt was indicted for having, on the 25th December 1875, wilfully murdered Ann Mary Martin. The unfortunate victim (says the Mudgee Times) kept a public house at Guntawang and on the night of Christmas Day was proceeding to bed, accompanied by Kate L'Estrange, a school teacher, her niece, when the prisoner called her to the door. She went into the passage, and the prisoner, who confessed his crime to persons on the pre- mises, mortally stabbed her with a knife which he had borrowed, as he alleged, for the purpose of cutting his corns. It was supposed that he was exasperated because she refused to marry him. The jury convicted the prisoner, who was sentenced to death. "A singular case," remarks the Sout Australian Advertiser, "was heard in th Adelaide Police Court on April 21, A taila named Francis Meyrick was charged witl leaving his wife' Kate Isabella without ade quate means of support. From the evidenc of the prosecutrix, it appeared that b arrangement she left England to meet he husband in Australia. Sho went to Victoria but when she met Meyrick he repudiated hei stating that she was not his wife. To prov that she bad been married to him the prose cutrix produced in court the certificate o her marriage in Liverpool five years ago, Oi being cross-examined by the defendant' lawyer, she stated that she was the widow o a man named Flinn when she married th defendant, but had married Moyriok in he maiden name ' by his arrangement' The de fendant in the box denied the truth of thi prosecutrix's evidence, but admitted that hi bad gone through the ceremony of marriagi with her while in an intoxicated state. H alleged that Flinn was alive at the time, am is now. In cross-examination he said the when he married the prosecutrix be was no aware that she bad been married legally ti Flinn. She told him she had not. He alsi stated that he had never lived with the pro secutrix for any continued time, whereat according to the latter's story she had livec with him as his wife for two years after th< marriage. His Worship made an order foi the payment of £1 per week. The defendanl waB also fined £2 for assaulting the prose cutrix on Saturday last." At Mount Barker on the evening of the 22nd inst. (states the South Australian Regis- ter), an inquest was held on the body of Caro- line Emmeline Bertram, the wife of Mr. D. Bertram, licensed schoolmaster. Mr. Dixon, homoeopathic practitioner, placed himsell before the coroner and jury as a person ac- cused of improperly treating the deceased. The husband of the deceased stated that hie wife had been for five or six weeks suffering from hemorrhage. He went to Dr. Weld's house to ask him to see her, but that gentle roan was away, and would not be back till 9 o'clock. He was advised to get the nearest aid, so he sent for Mr. Dixon, who came immediately and treated her successfully. When Dr. Weld returned witness told him what had boen done, and the doctor then declined to take the case in hand. During the five or six weeks her general health waa good but for the particular com- plaint from which she waa suffering. A few days ago the hemorrhage commenced again, so he went for medicine and it was stopped. The deceased had 10 children, and the last confinement was serious. He was perfectly satisfied with Mr. Dixon's treat- ment. The other evidence given showed that ihe deceased bad died, after giving birth to a stillborn child, from excesBive hemor- rhage, The inquest was held at the instance of Dr. Weld. The jury returned a verdict "That the deceased came by her death on account of extensive hemorrhage both before and after childbirth, and the jury are of opinion that the inquest and post-mortem were unnecessary and uncalled for." A singular maintenance case was heard at the Warrnambool Police Court on the 25th inst. The Bxaminer reports that Isabella Taylor, the complainant, a respectable-look, ing girl, aged about l8, resided with her parents in the Allansford district, and Charles A. Cowley, the defendant, was a I celector at Cardie's River. The complainant swore that she first knew the defendant about l8 months or two years ago. He first came to her parent's house on the 5th April, 1873, and asked her to marry him. She re- fused to have him, and he came again on the 27th April. She was then in the second room of the house, making a wedding dress, as ehe was a dressmaker. After talking to her father and mother a little while he came to her room, and again asked her to marry him, and went on his knees before her, but she declined the alliance. He then waved a white pocket-handkerchief before her face, with some diug or strange smell on it She began to feel faint, and he then took hold of her, and said, " Why, Bella, you are getting sleepy." She immediately became insensible, and remembered nothing more. She believed that having rendered her insensible, he seduced her. Cowley denied that he was the father of the child, or that he had ever rendered the plain- tiff insensible by means of a drugged hand- kerchief. He admitted that he was at her house on the 27th April and did not leave until 1 o'clock in .the morning, He had married another woman after the alleged Beduction. The police magistrate said the case was no doubt a most extraordinary one, and probably unprecedented, for the com- plainant swore that she was seduced at once by the aid of drugs, and she not being a oon Benting party. If the Bench made an order for maintenance the defendant would then be assumed to have been guilty of perjury. The evidence was so distinctly at variance that the case must be dismissed. " Considerable amusement waa caused at Port Adelaide, on the 22nd inst, by the freaks of ahorse which was being shipped to Wedge Island per the ketch Lotus. The animal," says the South Australian Register, " submitted quietly enough to being Blung, and walked to the placo appointed for him without any hesitation. The man in charge, thinking him safe, left his hoad for a few moments to assist in raising another horse which was being shipped and evidently disliked the operation. Seeing himself free, the first animal evidently thought it was a good time to escape, which he did, mach to the consternation of the onlookers He walked on to the vessel's poop, looked up evidently measuring the height, and with ono bound landed clear on the wharf, and made for his stable, where he was recopturod The tide was rathor low, and from the poop to the wharf muBt have boen a height of quite 7ft. What mado tho jump moro difficult was the fact that the craft was close alongsido tho wharf, and the deok giving poor holding ground to start from. The jump was quite perpendicular, and had the stoed missed his goal and come with bis fore feet against the walepiece of the wharf he must have broken his back. Mr. Levi was so struck with, the animal's pluck and jumping powers, that ho shipped another horse instead." ' ' A very painful accident occurred at Snake Banka on Easter Monday," says the ¿auii ccston Examiner. "A paity from Perth were out shooting in the locality, and being about to return they attempted to put a large deer on the back of a horse belonging to one of the party, the owner of the animal giving an assurance that he was perfectly quiot, when all of a sudden the horse (a very powerful one) lashed out behind with terrifie force, striking Mr. G. Lloyd in the side and breaking his right arm, at the same time pitching the buck np in the air, and causing . it nearly to fall on Mr. Sayer, of Melbourne, who had a narrow escape. Mr. Lloyd was at first nearly insensible from the effects of the blow, but his friends tendering assistance he soon rallied, and is now doing as well as can bo expected." The popularity of "OurBoys"and "Sweet- hearts " does not appear to be at all on the wane. The Theatre Royal was well attended I last night in every part, and both pieces were as well received as usual. , "Fritz, Our Cousin German," attracted a fair attendance at tho Opera-house last night, and Mr. Emmet's acting seemed to be much appreciated. The diorama of the American War, at St George's Hall, still continues to be fairly suc- cessful. The attendance last night was good, and the audience seemed well pleased with the entertainment, ' The United States Minstrels had again a crowded house at the Apollo-hall last night The programme was well received. , Sergeant Parkinson acknowledges receipt of the following donations to the fund for the rolief of Mrs. Hall :-From Mr. Joseph Harris (mayor of Prahran), £1 ; from F. T., £1. At a meeting of gentlemen held at the Excelsior Hotel, Bourke-atreet, last evening, a new amateur dramatic society was founded, to be called the Adelpbi Dramatic Society. We have received the following additional contributions for Mrs. Close and her children :-Sympathiser, £2; B., £1; X" 10s. We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Furlong, Dixon, and Co., of 87 Eliza- beth-street, a copy of the "Evalino Waltz," by Mr. St. John M. Caws, which has now reached a third edition. The class lectures in practical chemistry in connexion with the Industrial and Techno- logical Museum will commence on Monday next. A meeting of the Provisional Committee of the Melbourne Aquarium Company was held on Wednesday afternoon, at the Town-hall. Major Heath (the bon. sec.) and the broker reported that several applications for abares liad been made in addition to the number already subscribed for. The members of St. John the Baptist Lodge of Freemasons at Brunswick celebrate tbe laying of the foundation-stone of a masonic-ball to-day at 12 o'clock. The cere- mony will be performed by the W.M, Bro, W. Dods, assisted by the officers of the lodge and a number of brethren. The site is cen- trally situated, and is within 100 yards of the post office. 