\ A DANCE ON SKATES. ? Seatixo on wheels has now reached a stage of perfection at which skating merges into dancing, and a skating party becomes a ball. Such an entertainment was (says a recent London daily paper) lately given at Brighton by some of tho officers of the Scots Groys, stationed at tho Prc-ston Barracks. Morning dress was, of course, worn, no rollur skato and no style of skating yot having been invented which would muko it possiblo to cut tho outside edge, cross or go backwards in the grucoful but iuconvoniont trailing skirt with which ordinary danuing is more or loss success fully managed. But nevertheless the scene was a pretty »ud animated one, with the many coloured drosses, seasonably trimmed with fur, tho Bauoy Rubons hat, and horo and thero that ghost of a long dead past, the coulscuttlo bonnet. About 250 invitations had been issued, and thore were present a company not far short of that number. Thore was perhaps somothing a triflo monotonous about the pretty littlo cartes -Iti dame supplied to each of the guestfl. Eighteen dances wore set down, and each was a waltz. The fact is that skating on wheels lends itself naturally to the time and swing of the waltz, and may be successfully adapted to other sorts of , dancing: only after, a severe courso of training, such - as could bo undertaken by fow except professional acrobats. A_ quadrille may bo managed in a space that will allow of considerable margin, and with a band skilful at filling up interludes, during which partners who iiuvo overshot tho murk aro struggling1 back to the square; but the general result is not satisfactory, and tho game' is not usually considered worth the candle'; Tho motion of theskuterand tho timo observed lire ro nearly akin to waltzing, that whon the band plays the ' Briso des Nuits,' or ' Queon Mub,' one naturally lapses into the waltz. One consoquonco of this is that whon, accord ing to the jnrogrummo, and with very fow ex- ' captions, according to tho fact, everybody wus ' waltzing, tho sceno presented differed in an almost inappreciable degree from the, sight witneisod on ordinary club nights. Here and thero two ladies, or a lady and gentleman; broke into a waltz proper, moving round in due form and sliding through tho stops of ' troiB temps ;' but for the most part tho company contented thpmsolvos with skating round the rink in wultzing time, and swaying right and left on. the outside- edge to tho waltz measure 