AN ACTRESS RESPONDING. Mhs.Stirhno, who, until bIio rotired, was perhaps the most popular ? actress on the English stage, thus humorously returned thanks for the toast of her health| which was drunk at the Dramatic Fund Festival, held at Willis's Rooms on| Ash Wednesday. Mrs. Stirling, on rising to reply, was loudly cheered. She snid : — There was once — nay, I am happy to say there has been twice, in London a man — an American — called Jefferson. I don't mean tho Jefferson who was President of the 'United States, but the Jefferson, better known by his original numo of Rip Van Winkle. If that illustrious Rip, some twenty years ago, had attended at this dinnor, and had been driven by the too loud tonguo of his thrifty wife out of this room because ho insisted on giving too much to this Dramatic and Eques trian Sick Fund, — as, of course, 'that reckless and delightful dog would have been sure to do — and, failing tho Catskill Mountains, had wandoredforth into St. James's Park, and there, after a carouse with the ghost of Hendrik Hudson, had slopt a sleep of twenty years, and thonco been awakened by some bobby of tho future and ordered to ' movo on ' like poor Jo, what changes would have mot his eye! At Westminstor, whero ho remombors a squalid fringe of tumbledown hovels and mud-banks, a stately hospital stares a still more stately Houso of Parliament in the face, tho poor patients from the galleries of the one comfortably con templating tho wealthior patients on tho ter raco of tho other. Really ono hardly knows which phase of suffering is the moro worthy of our sympathy, that of the unhappy subjects of St. Thomas's surgery, or of St. Stephen's eloquence. (Laughter.) The original Stephen was tho first of mnrtyrs ; now lie takes it out by inflicting martyrdom. (Renowcd laughter.) Ho would find tho dingy old mansion of tho great Marlborough loss enlivened by now rod brick than by tho presence of a beloved princess, and ho would havo seen her children on the look-out for papa, who is coming homo with a tigor under each arm and an elephant in his pocket and a large balo of pigskins. (Laughter and cheers.) In Trafalgar- squaro he would seo Landsoor's lions not merely in thoir places, but with their necks and backs worn smooth by tho rough riding thoy have had in vindication of the indofeasiblo British right of public meeting. (Laughter.) Thon what a host of no w theatres ! — two, out of threo of them, I am told, doing an immense legitimate business, and, ton to ono, an Othello — (cheers) — in full blast inside thorn. Othor novelties would perplex the wandering Rip— skating-rinks, spelling-bees, &c.; But there is ono thing in which Ripwould havo found no change. If ho left me in Willis's Rooms roturning thanks for tho ladies and pleading tho cause of this fund ho would havo found me, after his twenty years' sleep, at tho same work still — (cheprs) — like the daughter of tho horseleech, uttering my annual cry of ' Give, give !' a cry that I must utter, monotonous and melancholy as it may be, so long as our profession continues so pre eminently a precarious ono, divided, too often, alas ! unequally betwoen prosperity and dis appointment, -with their still sadder concomi tants — destitution, sickness, and death. But it is noedleps to sadden myself or you by this oft told tale of need. You know how real and widespread tho need is ; you will give to its reliof to-night, as you havo always given, liberully. Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, you have drunk my health as tho mouthpiece of my sister artists, for which I' thank you. As I began with Rip, I will ond with him, and bo, ' Hero ia your good helta, unt your family's, unt may dey live long . unt prosper. (Loud cheers.) 