1VIELEBOUNTIE. (noFio ous ow's cjIucr?EpJSDENT.) January 21. For the second time in the history of te colony the Government of Victoria as committed distinct acts of insolvency, and the disappointed duns beseige the '_Treasury door. We are already far into January, and in less than a fortnight the :-Civil Servants will require their salaries, 'while the large contractors for the G? overnment will be still more seriously injured by the delay in lpayments. There •4sa a saying that wioe. things come to the .worst they must mend, and it is probable that now that the pinch has been really o felt in an n mistakeable ianner, public 1feeling throughout the coluny will be doomed to take a more active intesest in the present situation. It is understood that Sir James McCulloch will inform his adherents on Tuesday next, before ,'the House meets, lwhat course he intends to adopt, and mtaniwhile the pub:ie .creditors will have to make the best of the situation until then, but there is no doubt that even before Tuesday the sus pension of payrcents will involve much hardship to individuals, and that unless some prompt means are taken, the list of new involvents will be swelled. Business men now are not in as good a position as they were during the Darling struggle, and the pecuniary effects of that never to be forgotten, episode in our history are still felt in many families. The hearing of the curious charge against Hugh Mitchell, the former pro prietor and now driver of the Lilydale c"coach, of having embezzled the fares j received from the " pickings," was resumedto-day. Evidence wasgiven that hMitchell in handing inl his fares always ! used to qualify delivery by some such i remark as "' ] suppose its correct," and that as he iihs illiterate he was not required to keep an account of them in his way bill. ''ho accused is believed to be a man of considerable property, . was thoroughly trusted by his present employers, he having owned the line, and having hold a respectable position for so long, and it was not until he had been k' under surveillance for a considerable vtime that he was arrested. In his posi tion the act of embezzling a few shillings at a time seems to be incomprehensible, nor is it at all certain that it can be proved for although committed to take * his trial the accused has beeiiallowed to remain at liberty ou his own, reco0uizauce of £400. There is a movement oa foot to consti tute some memorial of the late Mr Michael O Grady, and his co-religioni ts are active in promoting it. A meeting, at which a great number of leading ci.izsns, chiefly connected wsth the C.tiholhc pary, were present, took place to-.lay, whvu a cou feruence with the c minittee appointed last Tuesday evening at St Patrick's Hall, was arranged the conmmittees conjointly to prepare a programme to be suulmitted to a general meeting of iu.endintg subscribers on ''uesday nex:. It is quite possible that the memorial may take a oitferent form to that at first intended, as it is generally tumoured that the estate of M. O'Grady, is not in as healthy a condition as his friends could wish, The Licensed Victusiler's Association have blooming families, whose health they are careful nriot to imperil. Acoird ingly, in consequence of its being reported that scarlet lever prevails at Sorrento, they have resolved to change the locality of the annual picnic to Porisea, much to the chagrin of the company of proprietors of the Sorrento hotel. P'ortsea is, how ever, not very far from Sorrento, so that it would appear that there must have been some very powerful influence at work to cause this slight deviation from the . locality originally selected. Professor Sylveter had a narrow escape this morning of having a considerable degree of light thrown upon his ghost illusion. as he was sued by Mr Tom Lewis, the royal clown, for£10 for wages accrued after he, Lewis, had been summarily and, as he contended, unjustifiably dismissed. The bench hold differently and dismissed the suit with three guineas costs. The rush to hear Mademoiselle De Mureka is proving enormous and it is already most difi:ult to obtain seats in either of the divisions open to allotment. The box plan for Tuesday opens Saturday morning, so that intending visitors from the country will require to telegraph early as this is another positively last up pearance. I am informed that the Engineer- in. Chief of the Railways has offered no objections to the reservation of the ground known as the Caulfield race course for the use of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club, and the consent of the Trustees is only now required for the club to obtain possession. It was at one time thought the proposed Gipps Laud line would embrace a portion of the reserve, but Mr ligginbotbam has seen his way to make a slight detour so as to admit of a passenger station being erected on the boundary of the reserve. The present Minister of Education is ervidently determined to set his face against polilical influence being brought to bear upon the position of any of the numerous school teachers under his control, for he so expressred him elf, to a deputation today that was introduced to him by a member of the Upper House. The member referred to, at once dis avowed having any political object in view in introducing tLe deputation (which sought to altir the itateaded islans of the department regarding a particular teacher), and said he was not only ex pressing the opinioum of a large number of his constituents, but ep:,lak from his own knowledge of the merits of the teacher whote case was under cousi]lera sideration. Mr Justice Fellows at present undertakes whet is called "Chiamber business" at the Supreme Court, And the rapid and yet legal mannetr in which he disposes of the applications made by sohlcitors and their managing clerks rather astonishes thesO gientlsmU) . Wigless, and sometimes coatless he sits at a table behind a sort of counter and without ary delay beyond running his eyes over the document, which occupies only a minute or two, he sipgns. his oname or hands it back with a terse remark. In reply to one solicitor's clerk, to-day, who eado an application for a habeas he said, "case postponed until to-morrow, you must bring me up some more law ill support of this, I am not supposed to carry all the law in my head," and the clerLk gracefully rctr?4 in search ol authori.tes. Soms olule ago, a ai..itors' clerk who ha.I not -uffiewently recovered froum the eff .:ts of tile previ ,us night's putatJuo-, had occasiolu to wait up )U one of the Supreme Court judges, who is noted icr his department, and who at once observed the cuuditiou of the unfortunate scribe with fixed eyes, and in a sharp decisive tone the learned judge cxclatmned;-" Take your dirty paws off my table air, and when next you appear here, come sober sir, moderately sober, or at all event: as suber as you possibly can colue." These three degreas of souriety evidently were too muc, for the " limb of the law," who left Ilis Houor's chambers lamenting clearly not seeing that there was another degree, namely, " as sober as a judge," which he had also not arrivel at. I - - 