THE SUDDEN DISAPPEARANCE —AN AMUSING INCIDENT. Men commonly pen beautiful and affecting obituary notions of each other. Epitaphs and obituaries are seldom supposed to be anything but fibs raised to their highest power, as arithmeti cians say, and taking advantage of this fact the author of the following has prepared a natural, yet startling bit of novelty SNll'PEE'S OBITUARY. It was a very sudden and mysterious disappearance. Some one averred that the unfortunate gentleman was leaning against the foremast of the yacht smoking a cigar a short time before be was missed; but no one saw him go overboard nor heard his despairing cry for help, if he uttered any. That morning a jolly party embarked for a day's sail on salt water, and among them the editor of one of the rival newspapers in a little Connecticut town. They were bound to have a good time, and when some one propose to "splice the main-brace," that nautical feat was accomplished with a precision and ac curacy which would have done honor to a man-of-war's man. By the time the steward announced that lunch waB ready, the breeze had become strong and the little vessel rolled under her press 'of sail. It waB then that the editor was seen as reported, and that was the last that was seen of him on board the yacht. His companions believing that be was suffering from a qualm of sea-sickness, went to lunch without him. But the lookout on the fishing smack "Margery Daw" ob served something which he at first believed to be the head of the sea serpent; but then the head was read and had a pair of spectacles on its nose, and closer inspection revealed the fact that the unknown cruiser was making signals of distress, in answer to which the lookout flung him a line and hauled bim out of the water, while the Margery Daw held on her course as if nothing had haopfened. A week passed away. The evening was hot, and the few loungers in the village bar-room were dropping off one by one, while the landlord dozed behind the bar. The rival newspapers lay on the table in peaceful repose, and a stranger abruptly entering, took a seat, and opening one of them, cast his eyes over the editorial columns. He was a strange mixture of sailor and landsman, lor he wore a tarpaulin hat, polled down over his eyes, while the rest of his clothes indicated by their cut and texture that they had known better days, but had been ruined by ■ome sudden andunlooked-for calamity. One of the columns of the newspaper was in mourning, the rules being turned upside down, and the leading article was, in very heavy type, "In Memorium." There was a shade of gratified sadness on the stranger's face a* he contemplated, with softened feel ings, this tribute of a personal and political foe to the departed journalist: "He is gone from our midst in the noontide of manly vigor, in the prime of "his usefulness, at the crisis of his ambition, and upon us devolves the duty to announce his demise. In the political arena we were his antagonist. We measured our strength against his in defence of what we believe to be thou great principles bequeathed by the lather* ol our country. And now we lay this votive offering on his bier; name. Hushed be the voice of party feeting! Reverse arms! Muffle the drum*!" Here the stranger drew forth a handkerchief, which had once been white, and covered fau face, while deep sobs betrayed his emotion. Then a quick step enters the room, and a familiar voice—that of the writer of the obituary—strikes his ear, and he yearns to clasp him to his heart and to swear eternal friendship. "Olarance," ex claims the new-comer, "are you asleep?" "Certainly not, colonel," replied the landlord brisk!}-, scratching ' his head< "Then let us have some rye and sugar," was the rejoinder. "By the way, have yo.u read my article on old Snipper?" "Bet you I did; but how you piled on the agony colonel." The colonel grinned. "Have they found the body yet?" asked the land lord. The colonel shook his head. •'The sharkehave eaten him," suggested the dispenser of drinks. "Possibly," said the colonel. "The shark is a lachrymal tribute to his voracious monster, and doesn't care what he eatBj but if he escapes an attack ol the jim-jams after that meal he'll be a lucky shark. Mark my words, that shark will be heard of along this coast. He'll be seen sneaking around the docks, watching for the stamps of cigars, whisky bottles, quids of tobacco, etc., that may be thrown overboard. A man won't be safe in a small boat with a case bottle of rum and a few cigars while th at shark is around, if .he imbibes the peculiarities of the man he has eaten. But what's the matter with you?" The land lord's face showed a greenish shade of terror as be pointed to the table where the stranger sat glaring at him, and the colonel recoiled before the apparition, muttering. **By Jove, it's old Snippers'* ghost!" The shade arose and advanced a step to ward the bar, gratpmg in its hand the obituary article; but its face was too red for a ghost, and its boots made too much noise. There tinder the gaslight, | the foes confronted each other, while the landlord, in a spirit of conciliation. : placed a third glass opon the counter. ; Jiet the curtain fall. 