MISCELLANY. A BOAT RACE-Fishermen. LADY KILLERS.-Tight stays. WIDOWERS' WEEDS.-Cigars. A FLOURISHING BUSINESS.-Ornamental penmanship. WHAT part of a fish is like the end of a book !-ihe fin-is. IT iB odd that a lamp-post with its lamp taken away is a lamp-lighter. MEMORY.-If you ask the average man what time it is three seconds after he has restored his watch to his pocket he can't tell you. PROVOKING.-" He provoked me into loving him!" was a pretty girl's excuse for engaging herself to a man whom Bhe had always professed to hate. WHY is a colt getting broke like a young lady getting married 1-Because he is going through the bridle ceremony. CONSOLING.-John Anderson, of Indiana, didn't win the prize at a spelling match, but he licked the man who pronounced the hard words, and that was consoling. LEGAL MEM:.-It is well to be polite under all circumstances; but nevertheless remember that many a man haa been a heavy loser all through a civil action. No OBTRUSION - A loquacious blockhead, after babbling some time to Lord Erskine, observed he was afraid he was obtruding on his lordship's ear. '.Ob, not at all," said Erekine ; "I have not been listening." VERY GOOD of HIM.-1The newspapers state hat a well-known banker in Paris has absconded, eaving a large deficit behind. Mrs. Partington thinks it was very good of the poor man to leave it, when he might have got off clear with everything. IMITATION IS THE SINCEREST FLATTERY. Nurse (to mistress): *' I wanted vo go into towu this afternoon, if you could spare me, to get a new bounet. And-I admire your taste in bonnets so much, mum I was a-thinkin' I couldn't do belter than go to the same shop!"-Punch. AN American farmer sent to an orphan asylum tor a boy that was smart, active, brave, tract able, prompt, industrious, clean, pious, intelligent, good- looking, reserve, and modest. The superinten dent wrote back that unfortunately they had only human boys in that institution. WHAT A STATE OF THINGS IN THE " STATES -Teacher: " Who was the first man ?" Head scholar: " Washington; be was the first in war, first in " Teacher: *' No, no; Adam was the first man." Head scholar: " Oh, If you're talking ol foreigners, I s'pcse he was P A LADY as a birthday present gave her little son a fishing line, hook, and pole. A few hours later she heard a scream, anu, rushing out, discovered that one of her chickens had swallowed the hook. " Don't be uneasy, mamma," said the urchin; " she'll stop chewing the line when she reaches the pole." ADDING INSULT TO INJURY.-They were taking evidence in a divorce case for cruelty; the hus band is under examination; his wife, prostrated with giief, Is weeping bitterly, covering her face with her Handkerchief. " Now," says the judge, " are you not ashamed to have thus brutally treated your wife, a tender young woman of 26." The wife suddenly raises her head. " I be# your pardon," she sobB, " 2i only." dnd she again gives way to her grief. CONSOLATION.-An ancient darkey called at tfae Central 8tation, yesterday, and informed the > aptein that " a fellow had borrowed his watch and *otie lightoff to Canada," and he wanted to know what tould be done about it. " Nothing," replied the captain. " And be can't be fetched ba^t" "No." " well, dere's one thiug sartin," s.id th^osar, as he went out, *' dat watch won't run over 15 minutes to once, onlets he hires a boy to shake it."-Detroit Free Press. A GALLANT OLD GENTLEMAN.-Not long t'go, as an elaerly couple were out walking, a lady on 'be opposite side of tne street tripped and fell down. The old gentleman rushed across the street, raised his iiat, and offend to assist her in any possible way. His wife followed him acrots at a slow pace, and, witness ing his devotion to the stranger, Bhe got mad and shook her fist at him. " It's all rigbt- it's all right," he whispered. " Yes, I know it is!" she hotly ex claimed. - " Here an unknown woman stuns her toe, t,nd you plough across the street to eat her up wth kindness- The other day, when I fell down stairs, j ou stood and lauybed, ai.d chuckled and tickled your ibs, and wanted to know if I was practising tor a < ircusAmerican paper. NOT EXACTLY.-We recently mentioned the i emarkable fact tbat an Illinois girl had sheared 18 noeep In two hours. The sequel ot the story !g re lated to the " Chicago Journal" as follows What oo you think ot tne girl? " nquired our representative ot the farmer who owned the Bheep that were operated , upon. " Think," echoed the old tellow, as he pointed io a pen ot the fine wool sheep. "Jest yon look at them sheep, will ye, stinger-not an ear or a tall left t' the wb6ie crowd, an' then ask me what I think of that 'ere gal, U you can " The reporter viewed with wonder the mntilMcd fljck ot mutton, and agreed with the termer that sheep-pens were not exactly the place for the exercise ol woman's rights. COULD NOT RESTRAIN HIS MIRTH.-The following story is told u a remarkable Instance of the appreciation of humour:-A German soldier was ordered 60 lashes for some alleged act of Insubordina tion. Frit*, disciplined to silence, wu fixed to the triangle in tbe presence of his oompany. When the first ladies fell upon his naked shoulders the worthy fellow, Instead of displaying evidences of distress, bunt into a fit of uncontrollable laughter. The exe cutioner, regarding this manifestation as- by no means complimentary to his skill, laid on with re doubled ardour. But the more he laid on the more Fritz laughtd. When out down he still found great difficulty in restraining his mirth,and indulged in loud intermittent guffaws. The officer in command of the company, with a curiosity naturally excited, ap proached the bleeding wretch and inquired the cause of the mirth. " Why,'' replied Fritz, breaking into a fresh fit < f laughter, " I'm tbe wrong man!" TBE Hons OF LIBERTY.-Deschamps, the comedian, visited St. Petersburg once to pl&v; an engagement. He arrived in midwinter. ''Holy Moses!" he ejaculated, "but it's cold!" Five minutes later he was before a magistrate " What have 1 done? Of wh»t crime am I accused?" "You have been guilty of seditious utterances." " Seditious utterances ?" " Aye ! Did you not a few moments since advance the proposition that here, in the capital ef Hie Imperial Majesty, it was freezing cold ?" " I did, and It ia. I have chilblains, even." " Prisoner, do not make matters worse. This time I will overlook your offence, but do not repeat it Understand for tbe future that it is not cold-that it has no business to be cold in Busfia." Thereafter, though the Neva was frozen solid, Deschamps did not fail to parade the streets in nankeen pantaloons. When he returned to France, after Larrating this incident, he added: *' I played dominoes six years in one cafg at St. Peters burg with a set that hadn't any double-six, and I never dared to ask for the rcipeing domino."-Paris paper. REFRESHMENT FOR THE BENCH.-A. story is told of venerable J udge H The other day, while holding tbe Circuit Court, he grew weary of the end lees tongues of attorneys, and, calling to a bailiff, said, huskily, " Go over to the Hole in the Wall and bring me a drink of whiskey." The bailiff disap peared, and reappeared shortly with an inch and a half of corn-juice in a glass, enough for any Chiistian man, but not a sufficiency for an Alabama judiciary system. "Go back," growled the judge, "and tell Hagerty to send me a drink-a drink of whiskey." The bailiff disappeared again, and reappeared a second time with a tumbler brimtniog foil. "Ah," answered tbe wearer of ermine," that, now. is a drink. But what," wiping his lips with the cuff of his coat, " did he say ?' " Oh, be didn't say anything, your honour," answered the bailiff, blushiog. " Oh, yes, he must have made some remark, How what did he say?' " Well, I don't like to tell you, sah, your honour." " Go on and tell me exactly what he said," demanded the judge. " Well, sah, your honour," drawled out tbe bailiff, " he Baid, '1 sent him a drink of whiskey at first, I didn't know that the old fool wanted to take a batb.'"-American paper. THE WHOPFINGEST BEAR STOET.-"I've fought him standin' and runnin'," says a writer in the " Reno (Nev) Gazette," " but the toughest citizen I ever let on to was a black 'un. He was sitting in the cbapparal eatin' manzanita berries, when my dog smelt him and went home. I sneaked up and began aggravatin' him by shootin' at liis ears and feet. I then took round him, and with three shots out off his tail. Old Blacky beerd me shootin,' and turning sround, see bis tail layin' there. He picked it up and looked at the trade mark, and I see in a minute that war was a com in'. I lit out for a tree, with only two cartridges left, and him a comin'. Well, to make a long story short, I shot twice, hlttin' him both times, and he began to get hot, so he took up the tree after me, and I knocked him down three times before the gun broke He started on the fourth trip, and I did not know what to do till I thought of my Derringer, which shot a 4oz. bail. I drew her out, tied a string to the tr'gger, and as old Blacky came up with his mouth wide open, I dropped her in. He hadn't time to spit out, and so he swallowed, and I pulled < he string. Off went tbe gun, and I never see any thing of bear or pistol since." His GROUND FOR DIVORCE.-A Raleigh lawyer was interviewed recently by an agriculturist living a score of miles from the city, wno said he wantid to secure a divorce from Lis wife. " You don't live happily with her, eh?' inquired the attorney. " No ; we don't seem to hitch wuth a cent," was the quiet reply. " Does she scold and fret and make your home a hell upon earth, so to speak?" contiaued the lawyer. "That's her, exactly." "And are you pre pared to prove that you have a peaceful disposition, and that you have done everything you could to make home pleasant ?' "You bet lam ! Anybody as knows me will swear that I wouldn't hurt a flea, and that I move around home like an angel." " Well, I guess we can make out a oase," said the lawyer, as he took up his pen and began to jot down the points. After a moment he inquired, " Do you think your wife will contest the case ? Has she any defence?' "Wall, now, 1 never thought of that," slowly replied the farmer. "Ididn't know as she had anything to say about it." " She may have. Bas she any grounds for com plaint against you ?" " I don't know much about law," answered the client in a hesitating way. " I know I've got a hankering after her suter Ifariar, and her sister ifariar bas a hankering after me, but whether them ia good grounds (or complaint I don't know." The lawyer hasn't filed a bill yet.-American paper. TACKS AND GHOSTS.-There is nothing which is more revolting to a sensitive ghost than the sharp, flat-headed tacks known to artists as "drawing tacks." When one of these tacks Is tossed on the stage wtiere materialised ghosts disport themselves, it invari»b:y remains with its point upwards. It may readily t>a conceived that an unsuspecting, barefooted ghost who triads heavily on such a treacherous and penetrating tack would have a right to manifest a hearty auJ vio lent indignation. Indeed, almost any amoun'. of language on the part of the injured ghost would ba pardoned by all humane men But what did the ghoBt of Daniel Webster do when he recently triad to walk over a stage strewn with drawing tack* during a materialising £6»nce in a Wisconsin tiwn ? When the first tack entered that ostensible ghost's right foot he calmly lifted up his injured limb and undertook ti withdraw the intrusive bit of steel It waB not until, in his < fiorts to balance himself on one leg, he ran another tack in his left f .ot, that he broke silence by softly remarking "Ouch;" and it is doubtful if he would have repeated that statement, or ventured upon any other, had he not incautiously sat down, and thus inserted two more tacks Into bis person. In these circumstances he m'eht have totally lost his temper, and no man could have had a word of blame for him ; but instead of letting his ghastly passions rise, he merely expressed his vie« s of the matter by the simole and touching remark, " Well, by gosh !' aud hurriedly withdrew into the mystic cabinet. How MR. COBLEIGH TREATED THE BAT. Mr. Cobleigh struck but once at that bat. Mr. Cob leigh has an ey e like an eagle. The family were just finishing tea when the bat came sailing into the room through an open window. The ladies- there were company-screamed and wanted to run, but Mr. Cobleiah's voice, so calm and confident, partly as sured them. " Don't be alarmed, ladles," he spoke >io, rising from the table and getting the towel. "Bats are harmless, although I'll admit they are rather repulsive," he continued, rolling the towel into the form of a switch, and drawing it by one hand through the other to give compactness to the folds. " How, I'll show you presently how I'll treat that bat. I bet I've killed a hundred of them. I know that when I was a bay I used to stand in the door >ard with other boys, and we'd knock at bats with latbB. When I made a sweep at one he came down. There was no use his trying to dodge. You re member, Suean," appealing to his wife, " how I loathed that bat at Uncle Amos' last sum mer?" Mrs. Cobleigh remembered It, Mid cheer fully admitted tbe circumstance. " 8ome people," observed Mr. Cobleigh, snapping the towel once or twice, and putting his eyes square on the ' ird as it dodged around the edge of the celling, "seme people go at a bat as if it were a winged rhinoceros. Kow caution is the prime thing, and uever strike until you are sure you've got a good chance. You wait a moment, until he oomea down in ' each, and I'll show you a trick or two worth know ing." Mr. Cobleigh ceased speaking, and began to x.ove about the room with the utmost caution, his < yes distended, and his fingers nervously clutching the 'uwel. The ladits divided their attention between Mm ? nd his prey. It was K season of breathless expecta ton. Suddenly tbe bat defended. Mr. Cobleigh quickly swung back the towel, excitedly yelled. "Here we are !" and made the blow. It was a tremendous >weep, and there was a terrible crash. Mr. Ooblelgh could scarcely believe Us own senses. The bat pa wind out of tbe room, leaving behind a pair ot elegant TSMS aud a bouquet holder lying ia pieces on .the floor, a screaming (moras of female voices, Mid » very excited .nd astonished man He had Sufficient presence of mind to hurriedly whiiper to his wife, " For hM«en'a sake, Busan, don't say a word until after theoom p«nj go," and uttering this prayer, be sack helplessly into a chair. ' He thinks that It must have been a new kind ot bat, although he is afraid that possibly It uUht I nut have been the right kind ol towel Onbttf | Hewi 