GREAT BRITAIN. RITUALISM. Ritualism is making great progress in England. The Cheltenham, Chronicle and Examiner complainB that at least one master with Romish sympathies in Cheltenham College, now promoted to be head-tnaster at Warwick, where he can be still more mischievous, has been trying to : introduce the leaven of Popery amongst the boys in the college by circulating "the Altar Manuel," from which the following are a few extracts :— Page 1.—"Tbe Holy Commnoion. When, therefore, the priests of the Cburch ' do this,' i.e., celebrate tbis sacrament, breaking tlie bread, and bleBsing tbe cup, according to His command and example, they do precisely what their DiviDe Master did. Upon their pronouncing the words, 'Tbis is My bodj,' 'This is My blood,' in the prayer of consecration, tbe Holy Ghost comes down upon the elements of bread and wine, and they, b.eoome 'verilv and indeed' the Body and Blood of Christ." Page 6'.—"We ought also to receive tbe Sacrament fasting. Natural reverence should teach us that the Body and Blood of Christ should be tbe first lood that enters onr mouth on tbe day of Communion." Page 5.—" Catechism.—Q. How do tbe bread and wine$eoome the Body and Blood Of Christ?, A. ;iWeCannot tell, except that it 1B by tbe: act. of. Consecration and the power of tbe poly Ghost." Page d.—"/}. What sbonld the.people do when the priest offers the. bread and wine ? A, They should pray that the Holy Ghost may'cbme down oh them, and make them the Body and BiooS^'f Christ." Page 12.—"Q. What should we do then? A. - Worship our Lord 'present in his. Sacramentas we shonld. do if we eould see Him bodily-" • • • \- Page 16.—" Q. J£we are not going tocomninpionte, ongl,t we to go out of chnrch hefpre the Cbmmnnion? A. No ; wa ;»honld.stay toworehip our Lord, even if we are not about Body .andl Blood, and shonld ne.fjeav^ at any rat^ until 'after the ',Con: mmora, because iheSaorifioe.is not offered S^inlLfefc-"~ 1 r '' "'-y at should do while the priest is communicating himself? A. After adoripgour Lord, we should pray that God may cause Hi* Angel to fice to the Altar ID Heaven; and theh wemaj offer our own private prayer for. deceased friends, he." For " Tbe Aot.of Adoration," see page 24 —"I adore Thee, O .Lord Jeans; I adore Thy Body, Tby Soul, and Thy Divinitv, Tby Fleeh and Tby Blood, truly present in this' Sacrament." ••.,••, Will any one be hardy enough-to ^eny that the doctrine of Transubstanti^anon" taught in these extracts ? We trus^ that any parents who may have children at Cheltenham College will take the necessary steps to prevent their being taught a doctrine which the Church of England, in .her 28th Article, says " cannot be proved by Holy Writbut it repugnant to the plain wordis of Scrip ture." 