BYRON AND HIS WIFE. Colonel was at Byron's house in Piccadilly, Lady Byron in the room, and luncheon was brought in—veal, cutlets, &c.; She began eating. Byron turned round in disgust—he had an aversion to see a woman eat—and said, " Gorman dising beast," and taking up the tray, threw the whole luncheon into the hall. Lady Byron cried and left the room. Byron himself told Miss Baillie, who re peated the story to Haydon, that the very morning he and Miss Millbanks were mar ried, and were driving home through the grounds, and all the tenants and peasants were cheering, Byron said to her, " What could have induced you to marry me 1" "Good heavens!" said Lady Byron, " because I loved you !" " No," said he, " you have a spice of Mother Eve. You married me because your friends wished you not to do so. You refused me twice, and I will be revenged." Byron told Scott that after his separation from Lady Byron he went to a rout, and was regu larly cut by all the women of fashion. As he leaned against the mantelpiece and they were sweeping by, a little red haired, bright-eyed coquette came flirt ing up to him, and, with a look that was exquisitely insolent, said, " You bad bet ter have married me ; I would have man aged you better." Mrs. Leicester Stan hope said the Guiccioli used to watch Byron through a telescepe when he went out riding. So one day she asked him why he did not take the Guiccioli out with him. He drawled out in his usual way, " Consider, consider, what a fright she would look in a habit." " Do you think her handsome 1" Lady Blessington asked him. " Handsome !" he replied, " she is a horror; she has red hair" (which was not true). She said then, " Why don't you take her out walking?" He an swered, "Because she shuffles like a duck, and I am lame ; a pretty couple." " Do you ever tell her this ?" she asked. "Yes." " What does she say V' "She sera—a—atches me," replied Byron. Hay don adds : " I met the Countess Guiccioli subsequently and she was certainly not handsome. She had small eyes, large nose, long upper lip and chin." Sir John Hobhouse asserts that Byron was no scoffer. Still, on one occasion, Byron said : " I have a great mind to believe in Christianity, for the mere pleasure of fancying I may be damned." He is known to have begged Shelley not to talk of hell or ghosts after dark—it made ! him uneasy. —Jiaydon s Anecdotes. 