THE CHINAMAN IN AUS TRALIA. (Bv James - McHenly, Anglo-Chinese Linciiist in the Cooktotcn Herald.) "Mai Tan" (make your bets) was cried aloud from several of (he gamb- < line; hells. At this invitation the crowd gathered aronnd the tables where the pomes were poing on. The principal gain's were Fan Tan, viz., odd and even. This game is played with a heap I of Chinese coinB, four being taken off the heap at a time. If at the wind-up one is left, the bettor gets as much money off the banker as he has staked. If two, he gets the stakes doubled, if three, bis (takes are trebled; the four is generally reserved for the banker. Cards, dice, dominoes, and backgam mon, were played at oiber tables. Around the room were a number of couches on which the extravagant were smoking opium, while against the wall in the middle of the house, were a tablet erected to the gods, before w hich libations and offerings were tnade, in cense and tapers burning. On a cer tain morning a sick man was found lying on the side of the sireet dead. Some of the people whom I had ad iressed the night previous, asked me if I could get some of the Europeans to bury him. I told them ns th«y had a holy horror of touching the dead, through le.ir of a mischievous ghost haunting them, that I had nj (ear of the spirits of the dead, but had to guard myself at times against the machinations of the living, and that I would roll up the dead man in his blankets and secure the cords by which they could carry him to his grave, when this was done they could entertain no further fear ol harm from tlifl disembodied spirit, they not having touched the body. I did as I promised (or' which they thanked me, declaring at the same time, that the ghosts of Chinamen, paid profound respect to those of Englishmen, when I remarked that I was glad to hear it declaring at the;«tuiie time that if the spirits of the lining would deal fairly with me in this world, I felt quite satisfied that they would do so in the spirit land. After leaving Cradle Creek, I went to the Mossman, where another large crowd of Chinese were locaied, in which the same state of affairs pre vailed. On my return, I discovered several gunyahs in which,dead China men were lying ill k,putrid state. The main camp was abandoned, one tent being left wherein a sick Chinaman left by his comrades to ponss., had it not been for a' go'Od San&ritian;, Mr. Joseph Pasco, a .storekeeper tbfere, who by bis. kindness s^ved the man's life. On going towards Maytown, I found several Chinamen begging (or the necessaries of life, not being able to support themselves through sickness. At Oakey Creak,;Sandy Creek, and Byeratown, the same state of affairs prevailed. When reviewing }he state of the Chinese on the Palmer^ I found but little poverty' among them, but with those who had been a Jong time incapacitated through sickness. Some were poor enough, ■'but the majority were well to do> 'The way in which they were managed illustrated the petty meanness of our Government, who in their penny wise and pound foolish system, lose an extensive re venue, and whila_Bome of our legislators are declaiming against them,' they have at the same time elevated theTOhinese into a privileged-class. Not one halt' or them had miners' rights, while a great deal or illicit trading^**''carried on, which, ir prqperly managed, would yield a handsofflle-revenue. At least £10,000 annuity inight be added to the national feyclieqiier iC properly attended to, but the (government could not afford to pay £500 for the sake of getting £10,000. Out witb. »pch im beciles. Lei the Hon. W, E,'Murphy take this into consideration, and it he wishes to be informed or thingg^as they stand he can get the necetBRrJr infor mation requisite by communicating with me. I would fain cqntifiue this subject further, in order to OtiQg about an adjustment of things, pbuF must defer it tor the notice until llyweleisure. The writer says, that after addressing a crowd of about a thousand Chinese, urging them to contribute to the relief of the destitute sick,'the spokesman of the mob answered him as follows:— "Honored visitor, you appeal to our sympathies, and for such you bre de serving of honofftble mention; but you forget we are froth the flowery land, ana not like the rpo'bple from the Great West (Europe). You say that the people Irqm the Great West look alter the destitute sick, and bury: their dead respectfully, but you have not.got the same belief as us, nor are ttie laws and institution ol your country the same as ours. When a, stranger difeewith you there is no notice-taken of It, the man is buried, and all further trouble is over, but it is fiot bo with us. If a stranger dies in lone., of our houses (he proprietor is held responsible for his death, from which at times great trouble follows. Againi we believe that when a man die?, the house becomes pol luted, and is the Resort of ghosts and devils until it bdcftmes cleansed, which is a piece of c6stly work that cannot be done here, not' having any bronzes to do it, while you Europeans do not believe in the tpcislence o( ghosts and devils, and are very indifferent in such matters, havingijib fear (herefrom. I will further call your attention to this fact, which as a man of enlightened understanding you must be aware of, that the destiny of men is written with Btars on the face of heaven, and from that inevitable destiny no man can escape, but must fulfil all the conditions ordained for each individual from the moment of his birth to that of his death. Now, as no man can escape from the decrees of heaven, nor alter the designs thereof, every act a man has to perform, every deed he does, hia thoughts, his will, in fact every thing, is pre-ordained, and who can oppose them? The sick mnn for whom you hare so kindly nppealpd lo tis to assist, if fit is the will of heaven that they are to live, they will live, though nobody might trouble themselves about them, nor render tbem the slightest assistance; but if heaven had decreed them to die, die they must, though we might do our utmost to samo them," 