At the Theatre Koyal the most noticeable event has been the essay of the part of Hamlet by Mr. Dampier, and his distinguished success. Writingof the performance, 'Tahite ' the dramatic critic of The Australasian, said: — That Mr Dainpier had long been a notable favourite with the public there could be no sort of doubt. He had played all sorts of characters — some admirably, some moderately well, anil some perhaps a little less than moderately, but in none could he be said to have failed. Nevertheless^ to be candid, I think there were doubts as to his entire fitness for giving Hamlet with a true Shakspearian relish ; and this notwithstanding the well-understood belief that no intelligent actor can quite fail in the part, seeing how the momentum of its own inseparable interest is able to carry it on even under circum stances which would seem to militate against its entire success on the stage. Probably Mr. Dampier himself had a presentiment of this feeling, and though confident — as the result showed — of his ability to do much more than not quite to fail, he must have been painfully conscious that he had to overcome a dead- weight which, although not preju dice, might perhaps amount to something like doubt and distrust. It wafe quite clear, however, that his friends hoped he would succeed, for when he came on he had a reception such as could not have been more cordial or prolonged if he had played the part triumphantly a hundred timeB. It is not too much to say that he succeeded far beyond what a very sanguine anticipation might have predicted. Hia Hamlet is distinguished by a rare naturalness, which quite takes it out of the range of only conventional playing. He has used his intelligence so well that, in the main, he has gone straight to his object. He has studied the character with a loving reverence, unbiassed by tradition, and has sought to understand its subtle meaning aided by his own intelligence and the pure light wblich has from time to time been thrown upon the part by genuine Shakspearian students, among whom Mr. Dampier himself must be allowed, from this time, to take an honourable place. A condition in his estimate of the character obviously is that a principal, if not the leading, element in it should, be a strong quality of affection'; And an analysis of it can haifdly fail to show that this is a most correct conclusion to draw'. Hamlet is essen tially of a loving nature. . His affectionate reverence for his dead father is of an overmastering kind. His tender duty to his mother is made all the more apparent by his 'disgust that she should be united to a man for whom he has an abhorrence. He has lavished a wealth of love upon the fair Ophelia, and his warm friendship for Horatio continu ally declares itself. In Bhort, his is one of those gentle natures which must continually have something to love, and all his love is pure, self- denying, and unexacting. This, then, is the basis upon which Mr. Dampier has con structed his representation, and it not only forms the basis, but it is echoed all through the rest of the structure. There is thus a very interesting consistency in the representation, and the consequent effect upon the spectator is of that agreeable kind which comes from a harmonious wholeness. The mind is not disturbed by discords, but gets the effect ot unity, and therefore of strength. Especially he brought into effective use the qualities of repose and intensity. Now and then, indeed, there was a. disposition to bound off into melodramatic loudness, but this was so occasional as to suggest no more remonstrance than Mr. Dampier's good sense will induce him to accept. The exceptions to intelligent earnestness were few, and of brief continuance, and were probably $he result less of deliberate purpose than of a natural eagerness not to miss an opportunity of strength ening an impression. But the restraint Mr. Dampier put upon himself in situations where there is a strong tempta tion to indulge in fortissimo declamation was of the most creditable kind. For example, in the platform scene there was no straining, no gasping, no breast-heaving, as is so frequently the ens 9 with *your only-conventional Hamlet ; but the emotion showed itself in a well- declared horror which could not be mistaken. He listened to the ghost's reoi^al as if paralysed with amazement, and fully communi cated this feeling to the audience. Indeed, it may be taken as an evidence of Mr. Dampier's most excellent perform ance of this part that'he was listened to, with, an unbroken silence in those passages where emotional intensity is a charactoristwof the situation. Itwas so farimpossible for any !En!°4.£f Yrcarinaw-'to- overtake the attention of the listener w ? ? lntere8t appeared to grow as the play proceeded. ., -'fcinS of the production of ' Les Pro's St. Gervais' at the Opera-house the same critic wrote :— Nothing could possibly ^be in greater contrast with 'Hamlet'y at the Iheatre Royal than ' Les Pro's St. Gervais' at the Opera m™\, ,AMd y.et th?y differ in kind only, not in degree. M.18B Melville is as agreeable to see in the little Pririoe de uoiiti as Mr. Dampier is in Hamlet, always promising, of course, that the two are' are as different from each other as a grand waterfall in a mountain chasm is from a rippling fountain in a bright flower-garden. Some people cannot underatan^how it is possible to like equally, essentially different things. Need I say that it is so possible 1 If y °u cloubt it, you may go one night to see Mr. Dampier and the next Mibs Melville, and if you do not derive an equal measure of crati6cation— I do not say a like kind— you are difficult to please. For simplicity of plot this opera. could hardly be exceeded. Indeed, aB a story, the whole action might very ?well be made to pass in one act. There is a love episode, to be Biire ; but the business of the piece consists in the running away of a truant schoolboy, who, being also a prince finds his dignity something jostled against, when he gets among people not of his own rank. A number of minor incidents are interwoven with this chief fabric ; but they only vary the colour, and do not alter the substance. Thecharacters upon which your attention will chiefly rest are two, viz., the little Prince and his tutor; represented respectively by Miss Melville and Mr.' Leopold. The one is all daintiness, the other all grotesque, and their several qualities help to reliev^e. .each other. It may be that you have liked Miss Melville better in parts she b,as previously played; but, apart from comparisons, you cannot help liking her very much; in this. Mr. Leopold is fully in his element; he revels in fun, and his fun never leaves off. About these two larger lights the lesser orbs revolve. Thus there is a sergeaiit, substantially represented by Mr. Beau mont ; a lover, jauntily played by Mr. Bracy ; a florist, picturesquely denoted by Miss Thompson ; an adored young person, pleasantly impersonated by Miss Winston ; a glove inaker, reasonably -well fitted by Mr. Johnson ; a glover's wife, comfortably sketched by Mrs. Fox '; a desolate grass widow, tearfully Availed by Miss Wooldridge ; and a crying child, naturally howled by Master Bono. Besides these, there are two military persons of uncertain attributes, hungrily demonstrated by Mr. Forde and Mr. Bell, the latter of whom does some funny things in the way of comical dancing. *' Les Pre*s St. Gervais,' then, is nob a grand opera, nor an opera to set you off soaring into musical beatitudes ; but it is something to amuse you and to please you, and what more in reason can you desire ? As associated with matters of public entertainment, it may be mentioned that the Rev. Charles Clark, the highly successful lecturer and elocutionist, after concluding his series of farewell lectures to the Melbourne public, went to Sydney, en route to America by the California mail. With so many qualifications to secure public favour, it is reason able to expect that Mr. Clark's ; lecturing tour in America will be no less successful .-than has been his career in Australia. 