JVotes and Continents. No. XIV. I, DnoMio, in propria persona, nm a staunch be liever in second sight ; don't mistake my meaning, I don't udvocato cither Swedcnborg or Home, but nevor tholcss, I believe in Rccoud sight. Let mo explain myself. I was silting writing my Home budget of nmvB about twentv-three minutes tmst eleven on Thurs day night, when nothing was heard but the scratching noiso of the pen upon tho paper, nod sometimes my own breathing. Presently I throw myself back in tho chair nnd began to ruminate, when I saw tho Hon. John Robertson's gho-^, Bpi— , ohn— ; I don't know what it was, but 'it' camo and stood opposito to me, and lifting tho forefinger of tho left hand in a menac ing manner towards mo, 'it' thus addressed mo : — ' O thou vile and perfidious Dromio, why hast thou disturbed mo in my night watches, that I, on tho wings of Pegasus should have to come as swift as the wind to make obeisance and know thy wants ? speak Dromio, spcuk.' Iieplied, ''Tis well thou fearest tho whetted knife of Dromio, truly tbou has cause ; know then my will : Pnt a new fence around our cemetery ; appoint trustees for our town common ; divide the electorate ; make the railway to Cootamundra ; make me a Land Commissioner, and ? ' ' O stay, thou Dromio,' shouted tho hon. ghost, ' everything I will grant but the latter. What, place thce among my heart's love — my Land Commissioners ? oh no, any thing bat that, you bet.' Immediately afterwards ' the thing ' evaporated. This happened at the exact time that tho Illawarra Railway Vote got thrown out, and the hon. John's ghost camo to tho only placo . in tho world where he thought he could find help and succour — my sanctum sanctorum ; ho did not got help and ho was minus tho succour. - Orphens went right down into — — (ahem), to serenade his true love Eurydice, and charmed all tho little imps by the power of his luto. I wonder if there is a charmer, charm be never so wisely, who could cause tho talent of Qundagai to come out of its shell for the promotion of sorao intellectual society, say after tho style of tho Cobden Club. Thero was once a lady (not in Gundngai) who was so bashful that she never lifted tho blinds of her windows while the enn shone, simply because the sun was a 'he.' This feminine gendor must undoubtedly be related to somo femininea in Gundagai, for it is hardly credible, but two fominines not ninety-nine miles from tho post-office, actually said that ray notes Inst week made them blush ; that just puts me in mind or what my great-great-grandmother said in tho year 1798, directly ifter Governor Philip camo to this colony. But I will not relate the story now, or it may be said that I was drawing on my imagination, and it may cause theso unco' guid ladies to wear thicker veils when they go out of doors. Suffice it to say, then, the females in those days did not wear high-heeled boots and chignons, and looked more after duty than dress ; they didn't tronblo themselves about political economy. I admire 'good advertising,' that is when tho vo cabulary is transcendantly sublime. I read this ono tho other day which I consider a very ' awitchy ' ad vertisement — 'To be sold, a splendid gray horse, cal culated for a charger, or would carry a lady with a switch tail.' — — - Mr Buchanan, M.L.A., has tabled a motion that tho Government plaoo £1000 upon tho Estimates for the purpose of Bending to Philadelphia a team of Now South Wales lawyors to compete with tho far-famed Philadelphia Iiawyere. Bravo, David ; if you promis0 to mako one of tho number I promise most sincerely to collect all your Parliamentary speeches for tho es pecial perusal of Tbakamban, ex-King o£ tho Cannibal Islands. ? Tho New South Wales Parliament would not give Sir Daniel Coopor a vote of thanks for what he has done for the colony. I have much pleasure in saying hear, hear; und would ask tbo Baronet what tho colony has dose for Mm? Cobb and Co. got a letter of thanks from the hon. tho Postmaster-General for accomplishing tho overland journey with tho English mails in tho time specified. Bravo, Burns. What about tho coachmen who exerted themselves? not even a post-card was sent to them. I read in last issue of tbo ' Times ' something about electrifying and poisoning two mice ; what is that com pared to ray knowledge of osteology and anatomy t I will just rotate oso of my experiments. I possessed a fine billy goat, and dotormined to try something now, I displaced tho two front logs nnd put them in tho placo of tho two hind ones, and tbo latter in tho front ; tho process of adhesion by what is termed the ' first intention' was instantaneous ; mark the result ; that goat whenever it moved the head went ono way and the tail the other ; and not only was this peculiar charac teristic discernible, but as the natural proclivities of a goat is to stand on its hind legs and butt with, its bead, this goat, after tho above extraordinary operation, would stand oa Us bead and butt with its tail. Un fortunately tho animal died, nnd the clinical society lost a splendid cose. If this doesn't beat tho mice story then ray namo is not DROMIO. = 