WHY MR. DUNNER CALLED. While.-Colonel X , the editor of a.\ great and' influe'ritial newspaper published in a certain suburban tillage, was sitting in his sanctum tlie -other day writing a leader on the subject- of " The Reign of Corruption," Mr. Ddnher, the boot-can vasser, came in. The "following conversa tion ensued: ' Banner—" I wish to- " Colonel—" I don't want any." D.—" I say that i desire to 5 CoL—•' Mates no difference; I dont "want it." D.—"To see you for a few moments alone in order to " CoL—" No use. I've got a closet full or 'em at home already. Shut that door after you when you go out, will you? Good morning." D.—"I don't think you understand me. I called " CoL—"Oh, yes I do! I understand you perfectly, Mr. Dunner. I know exactly what you want. Tou have got under your arms some sample sheets of a life of Christopher Columbus, which is to be issued in numbers, at fifty cents apiece. It is full of preposterons old pictures of Columbus landing oil the shoie of the New World, with three or four people around liim, dressed like the ' Ghost' in Hamlet, and a j dozen or two naked natives bowing down, before liim, and wondering what in j thunder be means by standing there waving i a flag1 with one hand and brandishing his sword with the other. That's what youVe got, and you want me to subscribe for it." D.—" Nothing of the sort, sir." CoL—"Or else you've got a specimen copy of a new illustrated history of the United States, with General Washington's horse standing on three legs, while a cannon ball whistles by him, which George is trying to catch in his hat. And it has in it a lot of portraits of celebrated Americans which look as if they were drawn to go on rag babies, and a representation of the battle of Buuker Hill, in which one man is lying on the ground while another sticks a bayonet in him, and all the rest huddle around Mm and don't do anything. I've seen 'em often. We use 'ein for starting the fires up at our house. You can't sell any to me." D.—" iou are very much mistaken, Colonel; I " Col.—" Oh! well, it makes no difference. It is something or other of that kind. A life of the Signers, may be, with a wry necked American eagle screaming on the title-page; or Adventures on the Plains, written by some baldheaded lunatic, who's been out there skeeting round among the Indians, or a Farmer's Guide, which in structs the agriculturist not to knock his water- melons off the trees until they get yellow; or some such slush as that. I've had lots of 'em; I see you are in a hurry." D.—" Colonel, the fact is that I want to put an advertisement in your paper." Col.—" An advertisement—why, sit down, my dear sir. Excuse me for keeping you standing. Take a chair. There now, Now what can I do for you ?" D.—" r have here a very interesting and valuable book, the IAfe of Etshqp Potts, the Mormon Saint. Look at it. It gives an inside view of Mormonism, exposes all their mysteries, tells a story which must thrill the soul of the entire nation." Col.—''Capital book; excellent; the very thing to sell; just what the people want. Now you want to advertise it, do you ?" D,—"Yes; I'd like to have this pros pectus inserted ten times." CoL—" Ten—yes; ten fifteens-—one hun dred and fifty at ten cents a line is fifteen— yes, fifteen dollars." D.—" You think it will help the book." _ Col.—" Think ? I know it. All a book like that wants is to have public attention directed to it. People'Il just go for it." D.—And now about paying for the ad vertisement. Fifteen dollars I think you said?" CoL—" Yes, fifteen." D.—" Jes so. I sell the book at §3.50, but I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to put you it at $1.50, and send you round ten of 'em, Ten times §1.50 is just $15, and then w're square." QoL—" Ain't you going to pay cash ?" D.—Oh, no; of course not." Col.—" You ain't, hey P Well I wouldn't touch your infamous old mess of gabble about that polygamus old beast of a Mor mon with a 40-foot pole. Take it away from here. Get out. Skip, or else Fll get a policeman to kick you down stairs," Then Mr. Dunner withdrew, and the Colonel went back in a condition of warmth to expose the infamies of the reign of cor ruption. His readers are yet unaware that a life of Bishop Potts is for sale.—Phila delphia Sulfetm. What's in a name ?—Four letters. Sharp: '• Hallo, Blunt, how ate you? Heard the last new riddle F Why's a pretty girl—(don't look at her, you sly dog!)— why's a pretty girl, I say, like a bad , ehiUing f" Blunt: " Can't say, Fm sure. | P'raps 'cause she's got a head on." Sharp: j " Ha, ha! No, that's not it. Look here, you sly dog you" (pokes him in the waist coat), " it's because there is no passing her." The Corowa Free Press says a woman named Johanna Yates, who had been ill for some weeks, died suddenly at her resi dence, near Lake Moodeacre. From the evidence it appears that she had been in the habit of taking small doses of chlorodyne to alleviate the pain from which she suffered, and also to induce sleep. One night her husband administered a dose of twenty-five drops, and shortly afterwards the daughter gave another twenty-five drops in answer to a request from the mother. Some time during the night the woman took a dose herself and then became suddenly ill, and continued so until her death on the following day. The New Swing Bridge.—At the opening of the new swing bridge over the Tyne to allow the steamer Europa to pass up the river, an old woman was heard to exclaim, " Ah, hinnies, the waiks of God is wunner ful; but the warks of man is far mair se!" Lord Albemarle, among other good stories in his 14 Fifty Years of my Life," tells this of the late Lord Dudley, whose habit of thinking aloud was well known; " The King and Queen, when Duke and Duchess of Clarence, once dined with Lord Dudley, who handed her Royal Highness into dinner. Scarcely seated, he began to soliloquise! aloud. ' What bores these Royalties are! Ought I to drink wine with her as I would with any other woman ?'■ and in the seme tone continued ' May I have the honor of a glass of wine with your Royal Highness ?' Towards the end of diniier he asked her again. 1 With great pleasure, Lord Dudley,' jshe replied, smiling; ' but I have had one glass with-you already.' 'The brute, and so she has,' was the rejoinder." 