Iresviiniscences OF Ancient Melbourne. ' (BY MOO WHIP.) Come my crony, lot's think .upon far away da s, And lift up a little Oblivion's voil ; Lot's coneidor the past with a lingering gaze. Like a peaoook whoso eyes ore inclined to his tail." —Hood, No. VIII. SAUNTERING THROUGH THE I SUBURBS. The region lying between tho fnmous Rcilly Street drain and the Merri Creek was bnre, barren, and stony, if we except the portion now known as Clifton Hill ; and as bluestono began to bo required for building purposes, the pick, and the crowbar and tho shovel went to work — and so originated that aggregation of qunrry holes that used to be found everywhere here, many of which have been recently filled up. Hence tho 1 suburbs known so long as " the quarries " and extending along the Merri Creek and on to Brunswick. Merri is the native term for " Rocky," and tints tho name, which is cer tainly much more appropriate than the "Lucy," Creek, as Batman styled it after his daughter, when he discovered it. The sites of the Heidelberg and Northcolo Bridges were tho natural crossing places and tho Hill just beyond Nortiicoto bridge is historical, for it was there Batman entered into his memorable treaty with tho Aborigines, which was subsequently disallow ed by the Home Gevernmont. To many of The Herald readers it mny be news to learn that on the 6th of June 1835, little more than 40 years ago— Batman purchased the fee simple of 500,000 acres of the lands of Port Phillip, from Boven principal chiefs, viz. Jagnjaga, Brothers (3), Cooloolock, Bnngarie, Yanyan and Moowhip, the last-named being your humble servant, who must have since, very much improved his English oducntion, though ho never attended a State Sehool, for he is notjashamed to acknowledge that his 1 signature to the famous treaty deed is sym bolised by a Cross. )The consideration for tho half a million of acres consisted of 20 pair blankets, 30 tomahawks, 100 knives 50 pair of scissors, 30 looking glasses, 200 i handkerchiefs, 100 lbs flourand G shirts paid on the nail or rather handed over ; and a yearly tribute or rent of 100 pair of blankets, 100 knives, 100 tomahawks, 50 suits I of clothing, 50 looking glasses. 60 pair of scissors nnd 5 tons of Hour. It will bo noted that the high contracting parties did not overlook the vanities of the fairer portion of black creation, as evidenced by the hand kerchiefs and looking glasses, which were distributed instanter amongst the court ladies of tho dusky potentates— but ,ho\v the seven chiefs contrived to fit themselves into the Bix shirts, or whether they tossed tho odd man, has passed quite out of my mind — This treaty or conveyance Batman had ready cut, I and dry— fresh from tlicpenof MrGellibrand, a Vandemoniaa lawyer belonging to his par ty, and after its contents were explained by a New South Wales black interpreter, it was duly signed, sealed and delivered, tho con- sideration paid " cash down" and possession duly given by mnrkiug certain trees, and each of the chiefs taking up soma of the earth and delivering it to Batman— for aud on behalf of themselves and their respective tribes. Aud so it came to pass that those I swarthy patriots sold their birth-right for a mess of potage, and Batman and his oo-land- selectors werii credulous enough to believe that the excellent bargain they struck would bo ratified by the authorities. When it came to be tested, it would not hold wa ter, and the wonder now is that any Bano man eould ever bring himself to hope other wise. But to return to the Quarries A native industry soon sprang up here, and the quarry men worked hard, made money, and were not loth in spending it, though some of them being practical stone-wallers, soon got up rude, rough Cottages to givo them a roof tree, and the quarries were a wild, rough, place, and in the early years of the gold discoveries, wild, rough, dark doings wore bruited aDroad about them, Now if there be one thing in tho world in which I utterly disbelieve it is in ghosts. Notwithstanding all I have heard and read about them and though we have the high authority of Milton that : — " Millions of spiritual creatures walk tho Earth, Unseen , both when we wake and when we sleep" I cannot possib'y bring my self to believe in the supernatural manifea- tations which are at times so positively vouched for : — yet I have heard a ghost story about the Quarries of such an extra- ordinaryjcharacter that I append it, as it was told to mo by one of the dramatis persona', not a month since— More than twenty gol den years ago, a small stone house or cottage was erected not many miles from this quarry land, and there cameto reside in it a mar ried couple, iu whose connubial career there did not mingle as much of that blessedness as is supposed to bo the nttributo of certain happy marringes. In the course «f time the " better half" departed for a bourne where stonebrenking is unknown, and though there was no coroner's inquest, tho neighbors for a long time had suspicions that something had taken place which ought not. Tho hus band's disappearance occurred soon after but it was nevor supposed that, any ono mad? away with him. However it came to pass that tenants used not to remain long in the house and Btrange rumors were oircuiatcd thnt certain unaccountable noc turnal noises used to be heard in a certain back room. Oae night a few years ago, dur ing one of the intervals of uutenancy, two young men determined upon personally, solving the mystery, whatever it might he, by1 passing a niglt in the house. There was an old bed in out room, and a largo empty cheBt in another, ind the two ghost-hunters made themselves as comfortable as they could on the shako town. Thoy extinguished the light as if to cenx the phantom to put in a quick appearance and after listening for about an hour, suddoily heard tho most un accountable noises irithc back room — some thing as if a giant wire playing at football with tbochest. Thoyjiimped out of bed, lit their candle and oxanined the rooms, and though all the doors were secured could see | nothing— they again retiied to rest or rather to listen, and one of then lit up his pipe and had a good smoke, afier which he put out both candle and pipe, placing the Inttcr on the floor near tho bed-head. In abouS half an hour the noises re-wmmenced, and this time a current of cold air swept over tho bed ; and -!ho|fellOwsnow thoroughly alarmed sang out hastily for help, aud after much hesitation mustered courage euougli to jump out of bed, md again light the enndie. Arm in arm they ire-entered tho back room, where they found everything quiet, and tha chest in nn appar ently, sound, anoroloss sleep— but ou coming back to the bed-room ( horre&xo; refcrcns ) they ascertained that the tobirco pipe had levanted from the floor to n shelf near the window, where it lay. quietly looking at them. Whether the ghost enjoyed the luxury of n whiff or not, they could not say, Now this is no doubt n preposterously absurd story, and I am sure I don't ask nuyone to believe it. But what will the unbelievers in np- paritions say when I declare that my authority for this narrative iB no less than the Tobacconist of the occniien— a resident this moment of North Fitzroy— a Bteady cautious matter of fnot man, who no Doeter in Melbourne would certify to be a fit and proper subject for tho Ynrra lend, nnd who would bo admitted a compos nentii witness in any Court in the colony. Whorl nsked him if ho were poking fun at me, he Icolnrcd it was nothing of the kind— that he imply told mo truly what hnd occured in hi- presence, and added in corroboration, " otlers besides me have heard the noises and n bouse in tho J colony changes tennnts so often. Go round by the housu to-dny, nnd the chances are ten to one you'll find a notice to let on the ivindo,\v." I took him at his word, visited the cottage and it was empty. Were my ghost story not oowoll authenticated I should not presume to print it : — I have given it pre cisely as I got it, and those who road it may treat it as fact or fiction just as thoy like. At the present day North Fitzrov has changed so much in appearance, thnt anyone who had not seen it for six or seven years, would fail to recognise it. It was for a long time surmised that building enterprizes would never penetrate to any extent beyond tho sickly Rcilly Streot drain, but that- notiou is now dispel led. This duo northern region wns the most unpleasant of the surroundings of Melbourne, the cold north wind in winter and the hot wind in summer produced climatic variations anything but agreeable to the would bo re- sidenter. Ono was either half-drowned or half baked in crossing this country, and between mud aud dust, nnd wet and heat, yon could Imrdly ever dream that homes and hearths could have nn abiding place there. In a compnrntively short time, however, tho Auctioneer's hnmmer knocked all such ima ginings to pieces, tho land wns placed in tho market, and then did not the land jobbers reap a golden harvest. The result, as now seen, is that quite a new town sprang up as if by magic, and Fitzroy will very soon be linked to Northcotc aud Brunswick, In tho nomen clature of North Fitzroy, the Fitzroy Council had their turn iu naming after themselves, and the streets are called after a swarm of municipal mediocrities. There are a few notable exceptions, for we have long M'Kean running head foremost into littlo Langton, and phlegrautio George Harker plodding the same way as mercurial Tom Rao. And then bb a sort of royal centre piece there are the Duke of Edinburgh's Gnrdcns, whilst H.R.H's distinguished boon-companions York and Newry, arc not forgotten. In a far remote quarter of this settlement is tho _ retreat of the Dove of Ararat, the Minister of Mines — the great M'Lellan, who was once known as " the people's Will iam,1 "but whom the Stoncwallers would now almost stone if they got the chance. " Tho Dove" seems to have settled down in a cosy looking nest, nnd is a very quiet bird at home, for I am told thnt one of the stipulations upon which he accepted office was that he should reserve all his cooing power for the Legislative Assembly, and here by all accounts he occasionally explodes in a most effective but undovely manner. There could not be a greater contrast to the brusque and burly M'Lellan, than a gentleman who lives nearly ncxt door to him, and who, though by no means as remarkable as Mac is still remarkable enough, for he has been in the colony for a good number of years ; and though never a public man in the ordinary meaning of the phrase, has been more con stantly before the public than any individual in the land: I refer to Mr William Whelan who for the last quarter of a century has scarcely ever been a day out of the city Police court, if Sundays, Christmas Days, and Good Fri days be excepted. He is the second clerk of the court, and ranks something as a chief mate does on board ship, where the mate is usually the practical sailor. An attorney from Newry, in the North of Ireland, he arrived a young man in tho colony, at a time when everyone was off to the diggings gold-hunting, but Mr Whelan preferred to stay in Melbourne, and getting an appointment in the Police Court, he has remained there fossicking ever since. Whzt a store of " reminiscences" he would give the Herald if he wished to un- burthen himself, or he has had an oppor tunity of seeing more real life than any man in the colony. He is a lawyer of no mean or der, and by repute the best deposition clerk in Victoria. I verily believe he has taken the depositions in the case of every metropolitan prisoner who has been convicted in the Criminal Courts for the last twenty years. He is Mr Police Magistrate Sturt's attorney general, is always told off for the unpleasant but very important duty of dying depositions, wherever an unfortunate in articulo mortis requires the services of a "beak;" is a kind of univcrsal am cus curice to court, practi tioners, prisoners, and bobbies ; and when any unusual intricacy occurs in the District Court, Mr Whelan is generally Call'd on, and the Gordinn knot is speedily cut without the aid of a knife. Though I have not the pleasure of his acquaintance, I am informed he was always good natured and free handed and a friend in need to many who soon for got his kindness. When he retires from his perch, which I suppose he will have to do some time, it will be some considerable time before magistrates and bobbies, lawyers or prisoners will look upon his like again. Be yond the Minister of . Mines as a sort of vis avis, dwells another old citizen, not undeserving of notice, nnd heis a man dif fering fato axto from the Scotch and Ir.sh Celts I have mentioned. This gentleman is Mr Mars Miller J.P., whos6 disposition is by nomennsns bellicose ns liis name. He is .the brother of Mr Henry Miller, one of the Croesuses of Victoria, inid is remnrknble for tho nctive and successful pnrt he took in the working of some of tho earlier and more prosperous building societies. He is a very old Justice of the Peace — is punctilious and methodical, with a small dash of eccentricity, and slightly too much of a Sabbatarian for the somewhat lax atmosphere of the quarries, ns things went there a few yoars ago. To all who know him, ' Mars" seems an essentially well meaning man, and it must be a consolation to tha Mining Magnate to be in the neighbourhood of two such worthies ns I havo briefly etelied. — I must now rapidly keep moving and ask my readers to clap on all steam, and accom pany me across by what was the Prisoner's Stockade, next a branch Lunatic Asylum, nnd now a state school ; nnd skirting along by the fence of the New Cemetery (so credit ably managed b_v its trustees), eomo to the highest spot of the palaeozoic hill on which tho greater part of Carlton is built. Looking around you, compare it ns it now is to what you can fancy it some thirty years ngo, when all the country around by the Royal Park, and the other Hill of notham, was like a splendid undulating park, well wooded and grossed, and forming n delight ful pedestrian excursion, The perspective now is an untold treasure, planted in the soil, and cropping up in splendid mansions, hand some villas, busy marts, spacious streets, squares, parks, and gardens, and stately churches — ail these practical evidences of civilisation — " Where flouris! od once a forest fair," . Carlton and Hotham were once known by the generol'deaignation of North Melbourne, and the Supreme Court was quite out of town. I well remember when the jurymoa and sui tors, during the adjournment of the court, instead of poking themselves into some neighboring tavern to masticate hard biscuits and bad beer, used to adjourn themselves to the rear of the gaol and reclined, sub teg mint fagi, enjoy nn individual lunch or picnic brought from home. Tho present excep tionally superior appenrance of those suburbs, ns compared with the less favored localities which I have lately traversed, may be in no smnll degree attributed to the rela tively lato period when tho greater part of tlio land was sold, and thejudgmcnt evincod by the land speculators in subdividing their purchases. When a large proportion of Carl- tou nnd much of Hotham wns put into tho market, numbers of people had saved money from tho early gold years, and better stil,l knew how to keep it until they could invest it to advantage. A taste also gradually grew lip for dwollings with all the appreciated comfort and conveniences of English life, nnd to such onuses I trace the su perior style of building, very ge nerally prevailing in the places I have referred to. Municipal self-govern ment wns likewiso a powerful agent and improver, aud much as we mny occasionally grumble nt the fautastio tricks of mayors nnd councillors, no really dispassionate ob server will be unwilling to accord them a very large share of credit for the substantial benefits they lrnve conferred upon their re spective districts, by the generally intelligent and. efficient, manner in which they have ) performed their corporate duties, It used to be said of the old un- reformcd English and IriBh ' Corpora tions that 9 they had neither' bodies to be kicked nor souls to bo ; Wd this was, to a great extent, figuratively true, for they were regular sinks of jobbery and corruption. But, taken ns a whole, our own municipal institutions have been a great success, and no candid and impartial writer can fairly allege otherwise. The first mem ber of tho regular villa family in Carlton, was the residence of Sir Redmond Barry, who removed there from a small comfortable two- storied house in Russoll-strcet. I can- iiot say he brought his "household gods' with him, for Sir Redmond before ho was knighted wns always a knight Bachelor, though in tho olden timoB (for he is one of tho oldest and most distinguished colonists), occasional on dit# about bis rumored approach to the hymenial altar Ac. used to spice tho gossip of the day. If what I have seen announced two or three weeks ago be true, that Sir Redmond's' Villa lias been rented or purchased as au hospital for sick children, it will be a transformation of nn amusing kind — to have the so much envied Bachelor's hall, metamorphosed into a kid infirmary. Speaking of Hos pitals, mention should bo made of the Lyiug-in Hospital, (how much better to change it for the American appellation of Maternity Institution), whose foundation ori ginated with the late Dr John Mauad, who died many years ago. He' first lived in Lonsdale street, nnd had built for himself Dr Barker's present residence in La Trobe street, where he resided until his death. Hs was a man of .very high professional attain ments, was tho best analytical chemistof the day, and had a largo practice. He was re re muoh liked and much regretted by those who were acquainted with him, and he died from over- work and under-exercise. There aro other public places in these quarters, such as the Royal Turk, the University, the Carlton Gardens, the Benevolent Asylum, and the old cemetery, some of which do not qmti come withiu the scope of those papers, whilst others would require long special notices, nil of which I must pass over, at least just now. I cannot leave Carlton with out paying a compliment to (ho street no- meDclators for the improved taste they have displayed m their street-christening. The public thoroughfares aro mated to names famed in story, for I find amongst them some of the giant intellects of Britain meetly re- cognised, e.g. Statesmanship in Pitt and Palmerston, administrative ability in Elgin, oratory in Grattan nnd Canning, science in JL arnday ,Owen and Murohison, whilst our own Maearttiur, Kay, and Neil are not forgotten, Hotham is much more prolific in the clarum et venerabile nomen lino, for there we have quite an extensive commingling of English, Irish, Scotch, and colonial worthies. We sheets called nfter Peel, Erskine, 0 Connell, Shiel, Curran, Maeaulay, Brougham, O Shanassy, Molesworth, Cobden, Haines, Chapman, and, though last, not the least of the bunch— clever, slippery Dick Ireland, who, if his application equalled his ability, would havo no superior either at our i>ar or m our Senate, Leaving Hotham ami passing on to a sort of boundary mark dignified by ( the name of Railway 1 lace, let me glance across the railway lines, far over tho Swamp to tho Saltwater River opposite— formerly lined with a dense scrub, now invaded by abattoirs and factories , ' descriptions, and flanked on the other side by tho rising town of Footseray, It is now styled the West Melbourne Swamp, but every one in days of yore colled it Batman's. It ought to be called Higlnbotham, because the eminent Rnilwny Engineer of that name has changed its surroundings very much and certainly not for the better. Look at it now, and read tho following account of its primitive state, when seon by Batman nnd thus described by him : — " I crossed on the bnnks of tho river (he writes) a largo marsh about one mile and a half wide, by three or foui miles long, of the richest description of soil— not a tree. When wo got on the marsh the quails began to fly, anil I think, at ono time, I can safely say I saw n thousand quail flying at one time — quite a cloud. I never sow anything like it before. I shot two large ones as I walked along. At tho upper end of the marsh is a largo lagoon. I should think from the dis tance I saw, that it was upwards of a mile across and full of swans, ducks and geese." This was penned just forty yeare ago, and pondering over the now and tho then, one cannot but acknowledge the prophetic truth, if we cannot admire the poetic frenzy of a Collins street rhymer, who in 1839 worked off the following effusion for the benefit of an admiring community : "Melbouruo left in her infant state. To nourish as sho may, thill, notwithstanding this hard fate. Behold a brighter day." The "brighter day" has come ; but whore is tho bard ? I pause for a reply. 