JUSTLY PUNISHElD.. Cornelia was the only child of two good people, who had not married until they reached the years which find most wedded pairs with their children' well grown up about them. They had been. very happy, left; their daughter a little incoine, which, by close pinching, she could manage to live upon. Cornelia was not iiTproty. girl, but thou sands of plainer girls had married and settled, while she remained a spinster. Perhaps the fact that she was by no means a good-natured person had so'ething to do. with it. Certainly she quarrelled with her friends and fell out with her beaux, had feds. with her relatives, and was fond of saying un pleasant things to people. generally. In her youth, she had also compoited her self scornfully to well-disposed youing men who belonged to the mechanic. classes, and had declared that she. would only give her hand and heart to a merchant, a physician, or a clergyman. Merchants were rare in B--.., the only specimens of that order being two very old bachelors, still connected with a London arm. The two doctors were both married, and the clergymen always had large families. Miss Cornelia's ambitious hopes weore never realized, and her father's apprentice, Tim Cornell, who had admired her, and had been quite a believer in her as " very elegant and genteel," finally pronounced her "mighty proud and haughty," and aban doned his suit. The other young mechanics married or left the village, and Miss Cornelia at last awoke to the knowledge that she was getting on in life, and that if she was not careful, people would find it out. Cornelia looked in the glass carefully every morning, and very often through the' day. ihe did not ago rapidly, having always looked old. But for that family Bible in which the 'ecord of her birth was written dlown, she would have felt safe in slicing off ten years of her life, a proceeding which she fancied would increase her value in the eyes of a certain Mr. )uuisday, who had recently paid her a few solemn calls. He was really an old man himself, but the older the man the younger, generally, one finds his choice of a wife to be. And really, when all one's lady friends enjoy nothing so much as adding to one's age, why should not their efforts be thwarted by a reduction on one's own part of the one thing nobody ever wants more of?. Poor Cornelia! She did not know that one who never. thinks about age at all is the slowest to grow old. She eyed that well thumbed Bible which her companion and assistant, Betsy Baker, always would have upon a stand in the parlour, with absolute horror. She did not dare object to its. presence. But she did wish Cousin Betsy in Green land when she called a visitor's attention. to the illustrations it contained. Suppose anyone should turn to the fly leaf and there-" Born Dec., 1-8-, Cornelia, first daughter of Mathew and Abigail Linn." The thought was horror. She sat over the fire late ono light, think ing over thle. matter. Who knew her exact age ?. Cousin Betsy. But Cousin ~etsy. would not wish to quarrel with her, and was too.old a. woman to think her anything but young. The family doctor waas dead, and the dear old gentleman who had lodged with, them from her babyhood, who had always given her a gift upon hoer birthday, and on whom she had, waited as a grandchild might, went away years before, and was probably dead. Good old man ! She had liked him very much. How well she remembpred: him as hlie sat in his big armchair ! Gdod Mr. Noire! But she should never hear anything of him again. Yes, it was safe. She would do it. She did not dare to name the dood-.it seenomedl as bad to 11her as robbing a church. But ten years off oneo's age is a terrible tomptation-at least it was to Miss Cornelia. It was night--half-past twelve, at lpast the hour whoa "churchyards yawn and graves give up their dead." Ghosts might pop.in upon her at any mo nment, but slch it doeed could only be done at Euoh an hour. M'-ks C!,rnelia arose. She :stood .before the fire, with her back toivards it, and took the candlestick, in her hand. The room was clean and orderly. The chairs stood in a row against the walls. Photographs of the good old parents, with mere. cord than frame and more frame than picture, hung in the recesses on either side of the mantel. .She did not dare to glance towards them. In the middle of the table lay the Bible, a white tidy beneath it, a big fringed book. mark hanging over its gilt edge. Her hair felt like rising on end. Then she put her hand in her pocket, and .drew forth a knife. The light from the candle fell upon her face. It was ghastly. She took one step forward, and then paused; another, and paused again. Anyone who had observed her would cer tainly have believed that she was going straight to p.oor Cousin. Betsy's room to end that lady's life, but she paused, set down the candlestick-knelt down--opened the family Bible, at the fly leoaf, and slowly, cautiously began to scrape, scrape, scrape atthe ls?t t??o figures of the record of her birth. Then she crossed the room, took from a fireside cupboard a pen and inkstand, wrote figures in the place of those she had erased; blewr upon the leaf until it was dry, carefully touched up the rest of the record to match in brightness, and drew back to read the amended lines, which now plainly stated to all baholdlrs that she had entered this world thirty years before, instead of forty. " Nobody would guess that it had been meddled with," gasped Miss Cornelia, hy sterically. "Nobody-oh, gracious ! I didn't do it-oh !" for an awful voice at that momen muttered her name S".Cornelia." It was repeated. It seemed to. come.from above. Cornelia looked up, expecting to see some thing. dreadful. It: was only onsi.an Betsy speaking. All in a cold perspiration, Cornelia man aged to, reply that she would come in a m.oment, and then closing. the Bible and putting away the writing materials, she crept upstairs, a world of horrible unseen things close after her. A spectral clutch at her chignon, a cold palm on her arm, would not have surprised her. She had committed a crime worse than that of robbing a church, she feared. She had meddled with the solemn record made by hands, long since mou.ld~ering in the grave, and she had won ten imaginary years by it. Very pale was Cornelia next morning. Mr. Dumsday, when he called, hoped Miss Cornelia was not ill, and Miss Cornelia felt as though her guilt was branded on her brow. IHowovor, she recovered her peace of mind in time, and was, as a general thing, herself again, though there were times wlhen she felt that i a judgment" m ight he expected at any momenlt. Mr. Dumsday regularly 'came a-courting ' :And he was a rich widower, whose umar ried daughter professed herself anxious that " pa" should have smnieouo to take care of hiin. Miss Cornelia had quite made up her mind that lavender should be the color of her wedding-dress. Anddho two weore sitting together one evening, talking confidenoutially about rheum atism and its best linament, when the door boil rang, and a tall, lean gentleman, in a suit of black, was ushered into the par lour. On courting evenings, Betsy kept herself out of the way, and only Mr. Dumsday was present when the gentleman introduced himself. " Miss Cornelia Lin, I believo,", he said. " Yes, sir," said Cornelia. The.gentleman bowed, handed her a card with " 0. Dpodridgo, Soliucitor:," upou it, and took the seat she offered. 'II understand that your raspected parents are no more, madam," said the solicitor. '" They would remember better than you do, very probably, a period of thirty years ago, when one, Mr. Noire, lodged with tuem." " Yes sir," said Cornelia, growing red in the face. "I've heard them speak of him." "Ah," said the gentleman, "he was a very dear friend as well as client of mine. Hlie died about two months ago in London. He was very wealthy at the time of his death, and he never forgot the extreme kindness of the friends of thirty years ago, who knew him in his days of comparative poverty. Yes, they are gone also; but the little girl who waited on himn so lovingly still lives. She was eleven years old then. I suppose I address her ?" " No, sir," said Miss Linn, redder than qver--as Mlr. Dumsday turned an attentive ear to this dreadful statement-and feeling that one lie begot many, and that having fibbed in the family Bible she must stick to it or die-"No, sir I was not born at that d.ate." "I have my old friend's record," said Mr. Dodridge; "18-was the date of his ar- I rival here. You were one month old then. 18-was the date of his departure. Plainly yon were eleven years of age. You attached yourself fondly to my old friend's heart, madam." ".No, I didn't," said Misa Cornelia tartly. "I ought, to know. I never saw him. I was. born just biefore he left, I've been told. There's the Bible on the table; look to the date." She opened the volume. at the fatal fly leaf: the lawor perused it slowly. "Isoe, I see," he said. "Well.well; and who was, the little girl ?" Here was another lie needed. Mr. Dumisday's eyes opened widely. lie looked at the lawyer; he looked at the lady. She must fib again and:very blackly this time. '" That was a little adopted child who died," said Mias Oornelia, faintly. "They didn,t think they should haveany family of their own," "I eee," said the lawyer, rising; "Isooe; my friend hoped she had grown to be a woman, Good-day, " And I can't see why you should come here to add to a lady's'age," sid:Mis Cor nlia. n"I'm sure its very impolite." " Madam," said Mr. Dodridge, hat in hand. 'I have an. excuse--Mr. Noire good old man, left all his fortune to that. little girl. Had she lived, she would be an immense heiress. A lawyer is naturally cautious. I paved the ay-paved the way, that is all." . Poor Miss Cornelia ! She gazed at the gentleman in utter con atornation, and he continued. " However, some charities will be the better for the fact ; no wind but blows some one good, after all." He departed; Miss Cornelia bowed him out. After all what did it matter? Fortune, in the person of Mr. Dumsday, was at her feet, and she had saved ten years of her age in his eyes. But alas! what ailed Mr. Dumsday? He had arisen ; his face looked pale, his countenance anxious. He shook his head slowly, folded the leaves of the family Bible, and spoke as follows " Cornley, from what I see, you're just about thirty years of ago, aren't ye ?" ' Yes," said Cornelia, wonderingly. "This is a trial to me, Cornley," said Mr. Dumsday. "I know I've been to blame for it comes to nothing, but we must part." "Did you think I was younger?" said Cornelia. "Is that it ?" '" No Cornley," said Mr. Dumsday; but I promised my daughter Jemimy-never to marry no second wife under forty-people generally think you forty, so I picked you out. 'Don't make a fool of yourself by marrying a girl at your age, pa,' says Jemimy;. and I promised not to. So you see I can't break that. Good-bye Cornley. I hope.I ain't spiled yer prospects. Some younger man will--" He paused, put his handkerchief to his eyes, and turned towards the door. " Oh !" cried Cornelia. "Oh, come back, I'll tell the truth. I am forty." "Records can't lie. I saw it in Bible," said Mr. Dumsday. "Fare .vel, Oornley. It's a cross, but I must bear it.'" He kissed Cornelia and departedand since. that day Cornelia has had ample time to acknowledge to herself that she made a slight mistake in cutting down, the record of her age in the family Bible, and to weigh against the disadvantages of those ten ad ditional years the advantages of a husbaud and fortune. 