THE WEEK. \---------------------- Recent Burglaries.- — We received last week, from Mr. Cowper, eecretary and treasurer to the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society a letter having reference to the action taken by that society in the cases of Vaughan and Porter. We withheld the publication of the letter until Mr. Cowper's return to town, us one portion of it. might have been construed to express a prejudged opinion of the cases now pending against these men. We are authorised to state that the society did not assist Vaughan, that they gave Porter a chimney- sweeping machine on loan as he had been strongly recommended to them by a clergy- man who believed him to be a reformed man, and with a view to get him away from temptation and his old associates. It is not improbable that this assistance would have had the desired effect if he had not fallen in with his old associates. The society never in any way requested or desired the police to act with deli- cacy of feeling towards any person whom they believed to be continuing a course of crime. Fall of thk Roof of the Wesleyan Chuch, Balmain. — On the 27th ultimo, about half-past 6, the inhabitants of Darling -street, Balmain, were aroused by the tremendous noise of a falling building, and it soon appeared that the eastern roof of the Wesleyan Church had fallen bodily. The roof was much injured by the late heavy gale, and was thereby actually started from its position some foot or more. Since that time it has been gradually slipping down, and yesterday morning the whole side of the roof came to the ground and turned completely over, several of the timbers falling into the church, smashing pews and pulpit railing, and making a wreck of the building. It was evident that the roof had never been properly secured, and to replace the damage it will probably be necessary to take down the greater portion of the building. For- tunately, the church has not been used since the gale, and services have been held in the School of Arts opposite. Serious Outrage in Surry Hills.-A serious case occurred in Surry Hills at an early hour on Sunday morning, when some four young men, the oldest of them about 25 years of age, stopped a cab as it was proceeding along, intimidated the cabman, assaulted some of the occupants, and made off, through the cries of some children who were in the cab, and one of them calling but that he believed he knew who their assailants were. Between 12 and 1 o'clock on Sunday morning, Mr. Crawford, who keeps a provision store in Oxford-street (South Head Road), near Palmer-street, called a cab (which he had been in the habit of using), into which he got, together with Mrs. Crawford, two little children, and a boy. to be conveyed to Mr. Crawford's residence, in Albion-street, Surry Hills. The cab was driving along at an easy pace in safety until it turned the corner of Crown and Albion streets, when a young man ran forward, and catch- ing hold of the horse's head, stopped the vehicle. Another of the party— there being, it is said, four young men actively engaged in the affair-- pulled Mrs. Crawford out of the cab, and threw her between the hone's feet and the wheel of the cab. When she got up- without much injury stave bruises from being thrown violently against the Cab wheel, for the horse appears to have been a quiet one, and did not plunge— She found that two of the men had Mr. Crawford out and were beating him. She ran to her husband's assistance, and was struck (she states) on the right cheek a violent blow, which almost stunned Her. The children in the meantime were screaming, and one of them called out that he believed he knew some of the men, mentioning their names. The men made off on this; the whole affair, which had been sudden in its commencement, occupying but a brief period. The cabman kept whipping at the man who had hold of the horse's head, and asked him to let the horse go, or he would summons him. The man replied, " I will not let go— you can whip away. " The cabman, it is understood, did what he could to assist his fares, but received a violent blow on the back of the head, and was otherwise intimidated. There were (it is alleged) other young men standing by at the time, who were appealed to for assistance, but who did not interfere, a circumstance which led the persons thus attacked not unnaturally to conclude, that they were in collusion with the perpetrators of the assault. As soon as the vehicle was released, and the men had gone, informa- tion was given of the circumstance at the police station, Darlinghurst. The cabman knew some of the men by sight, and summonses were taken out against three, the fourth not being known. Warrants would have been taken out, but there was no absolute attempt at robbery, although the persons attacked are firmly convinced that this was the object of their assailants, whom they did not know, and who, they believed, had followed the cab from the shop in Oxford-street. Mr. Crawford's mouth was cut; Mrs. Crawford was bruised about the face and body. Suicide on Boabd the Schoonerbb Our Annie. — On Monday, about 10 o'clock, Inspector Ferris, of the water police, received information that Captain J. Eden, of the schooner Our Annie, outward bound for Saigon, had committed suicide; he immediately proceeded on board, and obtained the following particulars :— Captain Eden came on board his vessel last night, and appeared in his usual health. Shortly after 7 o'clock this morning, the crew being all on deck, two reports were heard, proceeding from the cabin ; the chief officer hurried below, and found the captain in his berth, moaning heavily, and with two pistol shots through his head. Dr. Morgan was at once sent for, but on his arrival on board the unfor- tunate gentleman was dead. The body was conveyed to the deadhouse, and an inquest will be held this day at 2.30 p.m. Death, from Sanguineous Apoplexy. — On Monday afternoon the City Coroner held an inquest at the Observer Tavern, George-street North, touching the cause of death of a man named George Taylor, who had been found lying dead at the foot of Play- fair Stairs, junction of Cambridge and Argyle streets, about half- past 4 o'clock on Sunday morning. It had been imagined in the first instance that death had been consequent on a fall down the steps, but this was not borne out by the evidence submitted. The first witness examined was John Barry, who deposed that he had identified the body as that of George Taylor, aged 34 years, a native of London, and by trade a grocer.; he was unmarried ; deceased was given to habits of intemperance ; he had not seen him for the last ten or twelve days. Eugene Brennan, lamplighter, residing in Clarence- lane, deposed to the discovery of the body at the time and place already mentioned. He reported the matter at the Cumberland-street police station ; but subsequently found senior con- stable Heneberry at the junction of George- street and Church- hill, and that officer, as deposed to by him- self, went to Playfair's steps and removed the body to the dead-house, Circular Quay. Dr. G. F. Dansey deposed to having made a post-mortem ex- amination by desire of the City Coroner. He found an abrasion over the right temple ; there was a slight bruise on the nose, and a cut on ihe left eye-lid. These were all the visible external marks of violence. On proceeding with the post mortem, he found very great extravasation of biood on the brain. All the or- gans of thebody were healthy, with the exception of the liver, which contained an hydatid cist. The cause of death, in his opinion, had been sanguineous apoplexy. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned by the jury. Man Accidetaily Shot. — On Sunday after- noon Joseph Craigon, 29 years of age, residing at the Glebe Island Bridge, was out in the vicinity of the City Iron Works practising with a loaded revolver. He handed the weapon to a man who was with him, and who is said to have been somewhat under the in- fluence of drink, and this person so handled the weapon that it went off, and the bullet entered Craigon's right arm a little below the elbow. The ball was extracted at the Infirmary by Dr. Frean. An Escape of a Prisoner from East Maitland Gaol. — On the 30th ultimo (writes the Maiiland Mercury), while a gang of prisoners were working in a drain between the railway and the shrubbery near to the stationmaster's residence, and not far from the goods station at East Maitland, one of the prisoners, named Patrick M'Guire, succeeded in making his escape. It seems that the man was en- gaged in a part of the drain about four deep and well covered by the neighbouring shrubbery. A warder was on duty a few yards distant at the time, and it is supposed that M'Guire crept rapidly down the drain and bounded over the fence. He was first seen by the warder when about a hundred and fifty yards away, along the railway line, running at the top of his speed in the direction of the bush beyond the rail- way bridge. The warder was prevented from using his rifle by houses and people in the vicinity. An alarm was at once given, the remainder of the gang were at once marched back to the gaol, and two warders and three constables were immediately sent in search of him. The prisoner was, it is said, com-' mitted from Newcastle, and is undergoing a sentence of two years for larceny, half of which had expired. He is a seaman, and it is likely he will make for sea- ward. . The Swuday Creek Mystery. — According to the Melbourne Telegraph, the case against the Italian charcoal-burner, Bondietti, who is charged with the murder of his mate Comiato, at Sunday Creek, looks exceedingly black. The other day it was shown in evidence that the bones found in the kiln were those of a human being, and we now learn by telegram that the Government analytical chemist has proved, that the bloodstains found on the several articles in the hut in which Cornisto is supposed to have been murdered are those of a human being also. Bon- dietti, who could neither explain the absence of his mate nor give any satisfactory account of these ap- parent evidences of his guilt, was committed to take his trial on a charge of wilful murder at the Melbourne Criminal Court in November next. The Yass Gaol. — There are at the present time (says the Courier of the 31st October) about thirty-persons, confined in the Yass gaol, some of them under medical treatment. Erysipelas, typhus fever, and other infectious diseases are from time to time treated in the gaol, and yet there is not the smallest convenience within the walls, either for dealing medicinally with the disease or for ensuring separation from healthy prisoners. The Parliament during several successive sessions have voted and re-voted the sum required to provide an hospital ward and ad- ditional security, and the amount was included (as on several former occasions) in the last Appropriation Act, yet the Comptroller of Prisons neglects to see the money applied to the purpose for which it was granted, although well aware of the urgent need of additional accommodation and security being pro- vided. An Extraordinary Hailstorm.— A very remarkable storm of hail visited Woolooga, Wide Bay Creek (says the Gymnpie Times) on the 16th October. The hailstones were as large as hens' eggs, and the weight and the force with which they fell may be imagined when we relate that they stripped the smaller boughs from the forest trees, and killed hun- dreds of birds, iguanas, and the smaller marsupials, such as kangaroo rats. When our informant (an eye- witness) left the hail-storm ice was still lying in large masses in sheltered nooks of the creek, protected by the brushwood and debris of the mutilated trees ; he thinks it is likely that some of it will remain unmelted for a day or two longer. It is also stated that fifty goats were killed at Kilkivan by hailstones the same evening. Adelong. — The correspondent of the Tumut Times writes on October 27 :— On the 23rd October, 12,000 sheep, the property of Mr. Peppin, passed through Adelong, en route to Kiandra, Many Adelong gentlemen have taken great interest in rifle- shooting, so we may expect shortly to hear of a club being formed here. Trade in general is slightly im- proving, and our storekeepers are displaying their summer goods. The new post and telegraph office will be opened next week. The Adelong G. M. Co. expect to get eteam up in their new machinery this week. Armidale.— -We are indebted for the follow ing intelligence to the Express of the 27th October :— A meeting of the committee of the Armidale C. C. athletic sports was held, on Monday evening last, at which there was a large attendance ; the Hon. John Richardson occupied the chair. The programme is of a diversified character, and is very liberal, prizes to the amount of about £60 being offered. A good deal of interest is being taken in the sports, not only by residents in Armidale, but also by persons in the sur- rounding districts ; and, as the proceeds are to be devoted to improve the ground, it is to be hoped that every lover of manly exercise will try and attend. — On Wednesday last an inquest was held before Mr. James M'Lean, Coroner for the district, at the residence of Mr. Joseph M' Shane, upon the body of an infant named Hilda Miller, aged nine months. The mother of the deceased is a half- caste. After an examination of the body by Dr. Wigan, the jury found as their verdict " That de- ceased came to her death by suffocation, caused through the carelessness of the mother in lying on her."— Conditional purchases at Armidale yester- day:— Francis Green, 40 a, parish of Halloran; Henry Hool, 100 a., parish, of Halloran ; Richard Moorhead, 299 a. 1.r. ; Andrew Redmond, 100 a., parish of Lawrence ; Philip Maguire, 40 a., par- ish of Exmouth ; James Balien, 120 a., parish of Arding ; Thomas Maguire, 50 a., .parish of Donald; Matthew John St. Clair, 280 a., parish of St. Clair ; George Smith, 300 a., parish of Uralla or Harnham. Two country lots, of 40 acres each of Crown lands, were sold at auction on Wednesday last, at the upset price of £l per acre. — The weather at Armidale since our last has been warm. Thunderstorms have occurred frequently, during some of which the light- ning was unusually vivid for the time of the year. The wheat crops and the grass are looking remark- ably well. The present season has been pro- nounced by many old residents to the best they have experienced in New England for some years. During a thunderstorm at about 5 o'clock on Tuesday evening, a tree in proximity to the Violet Dale Public School, was struck by the electric fluid, and the bark and wood splintered and strewn about in all directions, Some people in a spring cart had a miraculous escape, as they were within twenty yards ot the tree at the lime, and both the horse and occupants of the cart seemed paralysed by the shock. A sensation of numbness was expe- rienced by other persons in the vicinity. Fatal Accident. — We regret to record the premature death (writes the Cumberland Times); under the most melancholy circumstances, of our talented reporter and contributor, Mr. Charles Jones: The lamented gentleman was on his road to Parramatta. and shortly after passing the house of entertainment situate at the Cross Roads, the horses in the buggy swerved, and pitched it against the fence with such force that the buggy and himself were upset, and that, in falling, his head struck against the wheel, by which it sustained mortal injury. Fatal Thunderstorm. — In the height of the storm in Brisbane on the 25th October (the Courier writes), whilst Mr. John Levingston and his family were seated round a table in a back room of their house in Warren-street Valley, a flash of light- ning entered the open door, striking dead instantly their daughter Susannah, a fine girl of nine years' of age. The lightning then entered a bedroom where some of the ypunger ones were asleep, and made its exit through, tearing down a portion of the boards of the outside wall of the house, and throwing the wood splinters all over the beds and floor. Mr. Levingston was seated near the chimney, and felt a sickening sensation for a few seconds, but was not otherwise injured. Remarkable Escape. — The particulars of an extraordinary accident which occurred recently at the Wiseman's Creek copper mine have been com- municated to the Bathurst Times. It appears that two of the miners, named Peter M'Nab and James Morrow, were at work in a drive, about 100 feet from the sur- face, and it became necessary to remove from the end wall a piece of rock some five or six tons in weight. A quantity of earth having been excavated from be- neath the rock, M'Nab went under to clear away some more of the dirt, and Morrow followed to assist him. A prop was about to be fixed in the ground in case of accident, when M'Nab, who was furthest in, heard a noise of dirt sclipping down, and shouted to his companion to "'look out"'- The words had scarcely left his lips, and Morrow just started back, when the huge overhanging mass gave way, and the outer, end fell to the ground, as it was supposed, crushing M'Nab to death. Attracted by Morrow's cries, the other hands hurried to the spot and, as may be imagined, they were all horrified at Ihe situation. To get at the body was impossible, and it was resolved to put in a blast and blow the debris away. But, fortunately for M'Nab, this course was not pursued. It seemed that, when he observed the rock falling, being unable to follow his mate, he ran into the wall, which was timbered, and there he became jammed, a portion off the stone catching him across the back, Be was well nigh rendered unconscious - but presently he began to move about, and by dint of struggling and pulling down the dirt, he managed to squeeze himself out of his dangerous predicament in time to prevent the blasting operation. He had strength enough to enable him to climb the ladder to the surface, and then became so weak that he had to he conveyed home. It was there found that he had been very severely injured, and as soon as possible he was removed to Bathurst, and is now in a fair way of recovery. A Clergyman of Liberal Views. --The Armidale Express of the16th instant has an account of a meeting held at Bundarra, at which the Rev. Mr. Greenway, C.E., advocating the desirability of having a school of arts established in the place, is reported to have enlarged upon the advantages and usefulness which such an institution as a school of arts would be to the inhabitants of the district in a social point ef view, letting alone the convenience of having a hall for public meetings and assemblies, lectures, readinge, balls, and dramatic performances ; but it would also be a means of bringing friends and neighbours into closer intercourse with each other, and abolish the exclusiveness, and isolation that un- fortunately existed at present. It was a c ommon remark of medical men that persons having a tendency towards mental aberration or insanity invariably sought solitude. It is not good for man to be alone, and it was not good for a community to be without the means of social gatherings. (Applause.) Competition in the Wool Trade. The following instance of competition in the wool trade of this colony, arising out of the spiritedaction of the Melbourne merchants, is reported by the Bega Gazette of the 14th instant : — Mr. Sinclair, representing Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co., paid a visit to Bega this week, after a tour through Manaro. We under- stand a large quantity of wool will go to the Mel- bourne market from Manaro via Eden, and that Messrs. Clough and C0. have arranged with the steamers to call whenever wool in any quantity awaits shipment. The Lubra, Lady Darling, and Fetonia are to call during the season for wool ; the Lubra, which passed north of Eden on the 12th, will be the first vessel. Insurance has been arranged for by the same firm at 5s, per cent,, a very low rate. Church dbch of St. Simon and St. Jude. — On Saturday afternoon the foundation- stone of a new church, in Campbell-street, Surry Hills, was laid by the Bishop of Sydney, in the presence of a large con- course of spectators. Among the clergymen present ere the Revs. Canon Stephen, Canon H. S. King, G. H. Moreton, Dr. Barry, J. D. Langley, H. A. Langley, T. B. Tress, and Stanley Howard. The usual service was performed by the Bishop of Sydney, and the Revs. G. H. Moreton, Canon H. S. King, J. D. Langley, and H. A. Langley, and appro- priate hymns were sung. A bottle, containing the latest issues of the Sydney Morning Herald and Protestant Standard, was embedded in a cavity under the stone, and there was also placed with them an address, to the following effect : — " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, the foundation stone of St. Simon's and St. Jude's Church was laid by the Right Rev. Frederick Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, on the 28th October, 1876, being the 40th year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. His Excellency Sir Hercules G. R. Robin- son, K.C.M.G., Governor of the colony of New South Wales Rev. J. D. Langley, incumbent of St. David's parish. Building Committee : Copeland Bennett, Thomas Henry Dodds (treasurer), John Salisbury (secretary), Timothy Thomas O'Donnell, Thomas Griffiths. Architect, Albert Bond. Con- tractors, George Crispe and Son." A handsome silver trowel and mallet of myali wood, manufactured by Messrs. Hardy, Brothers, of Hunter-street, were handed to the Bishop, who proceeded to lay the stone with the usual formalities, saying : — " I lay this as the comer foundation-stone of a church to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, as the Church of St. Simon and St. Jude, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holv Ghost." The Bishop addressed the assemblage. He hoped that the same zeal which had initiated the work would carry it on to completion, and that it would bring forth those blessed fruits which God has ever assigned to faith- ful ministrations of his Word. He had the utmost pleasure, and the greatest confidence in assisting in that service, and trusted that their friend, Mr. Lang- ley, who undertook this great responsibility — for upon him much of the labour of obtaining the necessary means would fall— would succeed, and he prayed that God might sustain him in this and every part of his work, and that they might all be spared before very long to meet in that completed building, and praise that God for whose blessing upon the work they had that day prayed. God grant this, for the sake of his beloved Son. The benediction was then pronounced by the Bishop, after which contributions were laid upon the stone, amounting to £115 6s. 5d., after which the proceedings terminated. The church will have a tower and porch on the Campbell-street facade, also side entrance from East- street; a vestry adjoins the apsidal chancel. The accommodation will be for about 500 persons. The building will be constructed of brickwork, arranged in patterns of various colours, on stone foundations, with stone dressings, the roof to have handsome framed principals; the windows to be filled wilh ornamental lead lights, and the fittings are to be of French polished pine. The drawings have been pre- pared, and the work will be supervised by Mr. Albert Bond. Death Addder.— The snake season has set in early this year. On Tuesday afternoon Mr. G. H. R. Smith, of Woollahra, while out with his pointers in Ocean-Street, near the water reserve, noticed the dogs suddenly start at some object lying in the very middle of the footpath. This object he found on a closer inspection to be a death adder, about two feet long, which at once showed fight. Fortunately Mr. Smith had with him a pliable little dog-whip, which he used with such effect that the combat very quickly termin- ated in the death of the adder. Strange Accident. — A son of a man named Kelly, employed at Mr. Treweeke's station, is said by the Parkes Gazelle to have met with an accident of a peculiar nature. It appears that the little fellow went out for a ramble iin the bush, and seeing a bird's nest, he climbed the tree. When near the nest he slipped, and his arm caught in one of the lower limbs and held him fast. He was unable to extricate himself, and had to remain in this perilous and unpleasant position all night. He was thus found by his father next morning, and relieved from the awkward fix. Strange to say that, with the exception of a slight swelling of the arm, he received no injury. Sad to relate, a heavier affliction awaited the father. Mrs. Kelly had gone to Eugoura for the benefit of her health, and on the morning that Mr. Kelly found his boy he received the sad news of her death. A Singleton Mansion.— -Some rumours are afloat (writes the Singleton Argus) to the grandeur of a residence about to be erected on the Miinibah Estate by Mr. D. F. M'Kay, and fabulous sums have been given as the probable cost. We have it on good authority, however, that a contract has been already entered into for upwards of £13,000 for the erection of a mansion for which is claimed the first position as a private residence, amongst all that the colony can at present boast of. The site is not far from Baroona, the residence of Mr. A. A. Dangar.and is of sufficient elevation to command a view of the surrounding country for many miles. The bricks, of which it is said 700,000 will be required, are being made on a portion the estate, and the stone will be brought from quarries in the neighbourhood of Maitland or New- castle. The contract time, we understand, as eighteen months, which it is expected will be extended to two years, and the whole edifice is likely, to cost £15,000 before it is finished. The architect is Mr. B. Back- house, of Sydney. Forged Bank Notes. — On Saturday (writes the Newcastle Piloi) we were shown a £1 note, pur- porting to be a genuine draft on the Bank of New South Wales, which had been taken at a shop in town — from whom it is not known. The forged notes that were in circulation some time since, and which caused the conviction of a man for uttering, were miserable attempts at deception compared with the note we now refer to. They were to be easily detected by any person acquainted with only the general appearance of the issues of the several banks, because the coloured brand which most of the banks employ on their netes as a distinguishing mark was want- ing; but the latest specimen is far more artistic in execution and correct as a copy. The New South Wales Bank notes have red discs (within which are engine-turned geometric figures shown in white) printed on the back, and the forged note (printed on soft paper, rubbed, torn, and dirtied, to give appearance of having been through many hands) had the red brand also. We stated our conviction that those forged notes are produced by the process known as photo-lithography, and this latest specimen furnishes conclusive proof. The absence of the coloured brand already mentioned, in the case of the forgeries first detected, led some persons to think that simple photo- graphy was the only agent availed of, but the appearance of the colour printing now settles the question. Let the print from a photographic nega- tive be treated as it may, we are not aware that there is any process extant that allows of the image being '' brought out "'except in black or brown shades; but, in the case of the forged note, there is a deposit of red odour, produced unmistakably by mechanical application and not chemical action. Sr. Thomas's Chrbch, North Shore. — A meeting of the parishioners of St. Thomas's, North Shore, was held in the Schoolroom, near the Church, on the 27th ultimo, and was tolerably well at- tended. The Bishop of Sydney occupied the chair. The Rev. G. C. Bode moved the first resolution,— " That, in the opinion of this meeting, immediate steps should be taken for enlarging St. Thomas's Church." He said that before they affirmed this resolution, they ought to have some reason for it shown them. He frequently went through the parish and asked persons why they did not come to church, and was invariably met with the question, " Will you let me a sitting ?" But there were no sittings to |et, and as they knew people of the Church of Eng- land were accustomed to have their own seats in church, he felt certain they could let 100 sittings at once if they had them to let ; but people had to go elsewhere, or worse, got out of the habit of attending the Lord's house at all. Another reason was that they constantly saw new buildings going up all around them, so that there was every prospect of a still larger demand in times to come. The churchwardens, trustees, and himself had held a meeting on the subject some time ago, but his illness intervened, and prevented any- thing from being hitherto done. They had, however, come to the conclusion that the best thing would be to build a transept across the east end of the church, and from that to build a chancel to hold the choir and organ chamber, and on the opposite side a vestry. He thought this by far the best mode of enlarging the church, to enlarge it laterally would be more expensive, and would make the church too short for its breath. Then again the present building had cracked in several places, in consequence of a settlement of the foundation, so that it was absolutely necessary something should be done. Upon that point they were all agreed, and he thought that whatever they did ought to be done well. They would find that a really good building would not cost more than an inferior one in the end, and if they took pains to have their own dwellings handsome and substantial, still more ought they to see that the Lord's house was not a mere bam. They wished to have the authority of the parishioners for .the necessary enlargement, and presently the names of gentlemen would be submitted to them to form a com initt e to carry out the work. Captain Fockley seconded the resolution, and urged upon the meeting the necessity for enlarging the church. He pointed out that the present congregation, with one or two exceptions, had found the church ready built to their hands, and they should therefore be the more ready to provide the means for the extension now required. What was proposed would involve an outlay of about £2000, the interest on which could be easily raised by the present renters of sittings, while the additional revenue would go towards paying off the principal. He believed than in a few years they would be able to pay off the whole of the amount they would have to borrow. The Hon. F. Lord, M.L.C, sup- ported the resolution, and promised to help the undertaking as far as his means would allow. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. C. M. Palmer moved the next resolution : — "That the following gentlemen form a committee to carry out the work, with power to add to their number : — The Rev. G. C. Bode, Rev. W. B. Clarke,. Dr. Ward, Captain Pockley, Messrs. C. M. Palmer, the Hon. F. Lord, G. Slade, C. Martens, Old, Whitton, Guise, Tunks, J. J. Beatty, James Beatty, M. Bailey, P. P. Abbott, Buchanan, Bogie, M'Farland, G. H. Barney, G. Close, Monday, Rossiter." The resolution was seconded by Mr. G. Slade, and carried unanimously. A subscription list was opened, and over £322 was subscribed in the room. The benediction was then pronounced, and the meeting terminated. 