Childhood of the World. PART II. XXIII.—MAN'S IDEAS ABOUT THE SOUL. BY EDWARD CLODD, F.R.A.S. WE have learnt that because man saw all nature to be in motion, he believed that life dwelt in all, that a spirit moved leaf and cloud and beast. Words now come to tell us what in the course of time was man's notion about -a spirit. The difference between a living and a dend mnn is this : the living man breathes and moves ; the dend man has ceased to breathe and is still. Now the word spirit means breath, and in the leading languages of the wprld the word used for soul or spirit is that which signifies breath or wind. Frequently the soul of man is thought to be a sort of Bteam or vapor, or a man's shadow, which becoming unsettled causes him to be ill. The savage thinks that the spirit can leave the body during sleep, and so what* ever happens to him in his dreams Beems as real and true as if it had taken place while he was awake. If he Bees some dead friend in his sleep, he believes either that the dead have come to him or that his spirit has been on a visit to hi» friend, and he is very careful not to awake any* one sleeping lest the soul should happen to be away from the body. Believing that a man* soul could thus go in and out of his body, it wa» also thought that demons could be drawn in with the breath, and that yawning and sneering were proofs of their nearness. So what is called an invocation was spoken to ward them off, of which we have a trace in the custom or saving " Qod bless you " when anybody sneezes. According to an old Jewish legend, "To* custom of saying ' Ood bless you' when a person sneezes dates from Jacob. The Rabbis say that before the time that Jacob lived, men sneezed once and that was the end of them—the shock slew them. This law was set aside at the prayer of Jacob on condition that in all nations » sneeze should be hallowed by the words ' Ood bless you.' " Diseases were said to be caused, among other things, by the soul staying away too long from the body, and the bringing of it back is a part of the priest's or wizard's work. All these ideas, crude as they are, have lived on among people long after they have risen from savagery, and in fact remain among us, although their first meaning is hidden, in such sayings a» a man being " out of his mind," or " beside himself," or "come to himself." If the body has suffered any loss in limb or otherwise, the soul is thought to be maimed too. And the belief that it will need, after it leaves the body, all the things which it has hod here will explain the custom of killing wives and slaves to follow the deceased, and, as among very low races life* less things are said to have souls, of placing clothes, weapons, and ornaments in the grave for the dead person's use in another world. It is within a very few years that in Europe the soldier's horse that follows his dead master in the funeral procession was shot and Juried with him. Man regarding himself as surrounded by Bpirits, dwelling in everything and all-powerful to do him good or harm, shaped his notion* about them as they seemed to smile or frown upon him. Not only did he look upon sickness as often the work of demon-spirits, but in his fear be filled the darkness with ghosts of the dead rising from their graves, shrieking at his door, Bitting in hia house, tapping him on the shoulder, and breaking the silence with their whistling tones. 