BESSY CQHWAY f OB, THE IEISH GIEL IN AMERICA. . — ?? ?? «sga— B? MBS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued) N the front; parlour of St. Joseph's presby* tery three gentlemen were sitting, one i writing at a desk, and the others conversing |at the table. One of these was an old ac quaintance, Father Daly, the other a tall 'stately man, with a somewhat cynical ex pression of countenance, long hair carefully i I'nx-^L. '1 ? 11/11 -n^iti ? ?«.»?. I »»t-b, ana a mien nan lay, Halt clerical, that | kit you in doubt to which he belonged. jtfe was a priest, however, and a very good j otie» as the world goes, but he held some potions in regard to certain matters, not of jtoith, which appeared very strange to Father ip^y. He spoke rather contemptuously, jtot-» of some practices of piety which the I lowly- arrived Irish priest held in high i esteem, and so' it was that whilst both pro i jessed the same enthusiastic love for Mother i^ttuvch, aand were quite in unison in all mat ers of \ ith, there were still so many little points of difference between them that it imj^h t be said they agreed to differ as often cr hey came together, Botb^hovvever, were . gentlemen in the truest sense of the word, and, consequently, their disputes never ex ceeded the bounds of politeness, or indeed of Christian charity. On that particular occasion they had been speaking of All Hallows' College, and the number of missionaries it annually turned out. 'I cannot understand,' said Father Seward, 'how it is that vocations to the priesthood are so common in Ireland. Surely no country in all Christendom produces so many priests in proportion to its siza and population. ' ' Well, I can understand it as easily as possible,' returned Father Daly, ' and if you knew the country as well as I do, you would have no difficulty either in accounting for the fact.' ' Oh, I know all you would say,' observed Father Seward with an equivocal smile, ' I have heard it bo often I can say it by rote-— ? ' Catholic country'-—' Christian atmosphere' — ' Christian traditions' — and so forth, and so forth. But taking all these into account, I still confess myself at a loss to explain the enigma.' 'Excuse me if I say, then, that my good friend is duller of apprehension than I ever took him to be. If words were mere empty sounds, then, indeed, your dullness will be excusable, but if words present ideas, it seems to me that the very phrases you have strung together—pardon me if I say rather flippantly — make the matter sufficiently plain for any comprehension. But if the causes enumerated are not sufficient to ac count for the vast; number of priestly voca* tions found in Ireland, there is yet another which you may probably accept as more conclusive — ' ' Oh, you mean poverty—' ' Well, that, too, for the lips of a God man have pronounced the poor 'blessed,' and far be it from me to deny that Ireland is a poor country — I had almost said ' God keep her so' — but that is not precisely what I mean. It is the calm repose, so to speak, that pervades Irish life, the contentment which springs from true religion, and is al together opposed to that feverish whirl of excitement in which people here ave per petually engaged : — honour- seeking, money seeking, office-seeking, progress, utility, these be thy gods, O Israel — these the soil which are expected to produce vocations — pshaw, do men gather figs of thorns, or grapes of thistles ?' li That's light, Father Malachy,' said the priest at the desk, laying down his pen with a frank, hearty laugh ; ' don't snare him, for your life, for many a time he floored me in argument, not with facts, but assumptions, and I declare to you, Malachy, he brazened it out on me so often, just because my logic wasn't so sharp as his. Now, Father Seward, I'm glad to see you have met your match.' ' Still I am not convinced,' said Father Seward, ' no argument can persuade me that God does not provide materials for the work He will have done. Wherever He is pleased to establish His Church it must as suredly be a part of the Divine economy to provide for the perpetuation of the priest hood.' 'And does He not provide for it here?' said Father Daly, with the slightest possible show of exultation. ' If not in one way, assuredly in another. Seeing that the rest less spirit of the world reigns paramount in these .new countries, and that all men ai*e entangled in the meshes of worldly care and solicitude, the Almighty ruler, instead of striking water from the hard rock, brings streams from the old founts of Christianity in far-off lands to fertilize His infant Church. So long as the water isj-rovided pure and in sufficient quanifcy, wliat matters it to you where it comes from ?' 'G-ranting what you say,' returned Father Seward, 'and dropping metaphor for the present, I think no one can doubt that a clergy taken from amongst the people of the country would be more efficient for good than any foreign missionaries, no mat ter how devoted or how exemplary.'' 'I don't believe a word of it,' said Father Daly quickly and decidedly ; ' you know as well as I do that every country now within the pale of the Church was first brought in by missionaries from abroad — ' ' Oh, of course, of course, that is under stood — indeed it could not be well other wise — but when the Church so established has outlived the period of infancy and grown to man's estate, is it not in the nature of things that ifc should try to do for itself, and manage its own business 1' This was meant for a knock-down argu ment ^by Father Seward, and even Father Molloy\considered it unanswerable. He looked anxiously at his friend, and his face brightened up again when he saw him smiling. f . 'Certainly, my dear sir,' said he, ' cer tainly you have aright to manage your own affairs, and are quite old enough to do it, but why do you not do it — why is it srill left for the mosb part to foreigners 1 1 should like to know how your spiritual wants would be supplied at this very hour were it not, tor the foreign priests who flock to your shores. Why, my very good friend, I am filled with admiration jit the bountiful dispensation of Divine Providence in your regard,, indeed, I am, and I cannot help thinking that it shows a want of gratitude on [your part— I speak, of course, collectively —to murmur at the kind of provision made, because it is not exactly the kind you would choose.' ' But we do not murmur, by no means,' said Father Seward very earnestly ; ' I hope we are truly thankful for the succour we receive — ' ' Humph !' said Father Molloy, looking round over his shoulder, ' thankful, indeed, we know how thankful you are, but that doesn't matter-— the Lord conducts us here for a purpose, and to do His holy will — let who may like it, we're able and willing to do it, and with a blessing so we will. As for thanks, they're not of much value, though I don't say but people like to have them when they know they're entitled to them.' The other gentlemen smiled to each other at this characteristic sally, and Father Daly said : ' After all, my dear friend, I think it makes little difference in which hemisphere, or under what latitude a priest was born, if he be only detached from the world, willing to crucify the old Adam within him, for the sanctifieation of his own soul and the edifi cation of others, and entirely devoted to the duties of his state, he will be welcomed everywhere as a true minister of God, and no man will esteem him the less because he came from this or that particular country. We are the labourers in the vineyard— there is more work than all of us can do-=let each man do his best, and what he cannot do he will not have to account for, but, in God's name, let us be united, remembering the fate of the bundle of sticks when taken one from the other. Do you think I hold your virtues in less esteem than if you came from my own parish in Eoscommon County. Be fore God I do not, and, I think, the same spirit would actuate most foreign priests if you would only meet them half way, and, forgetting the place of their nativity, look upon them only as priests and brethren in the Lord. As your Church advances in age you will have priests of your own, at least I hope so, but Gk-d will take His own time for that, He knows what is best for you.' Father Seward was about to answer when a ring at the door made him pause, and the next moment Father Daly was summoned to the hall, where some persons wanted to see him. It is hardly necessary to tell the reader that it was Paul and Dolly. Father Daly was pleased to see them, and asked very kindly how they were getting on. 'Bedad, your reverence,' said Paul, ' we're most at the top of the v/heel already, if we go on as we're doin', we'll not know what to do with our money.' 'Why, how is that, Paul ?' The story being told, gave Father Daly so much pleasure that he asked Paul and Dolly to sit down, and went in to tell his friends. After a little he returned and took the pair of originals into the parlour. 'JSTow, Father Seward,' said he, 'I want to make, you acquainted with two of my fellow -passengers who have been particularly fortunate since they came. They have found, a purse, I believe.' Dolly hastened to correct this supposed mistake. 'No, no, your reverence, that wasn't it, at all, I ask your pardon for con tradictin' you, we didn't find the purse, you see, but got it from— where's that it came from, Paul ?' ' From Cincinnati.' 'Ay, that's the place, well, it came from there, your reverence, and, ochone, it never belonged fto anybody else but my own poor boy, an', indeed, it was his hard, hard earninV' 'You are .certainly very fortunate, my good woman,''' observed Father Seward : ' but what do you intend to do with your money f '* What would she do with ifc,' put in Father Molloy with assumed gravity, ' only set up a tavern, herself and this decent man, if they once know how to doctor the liquor, they can make t'Leir fortune in no time.' 'Well, supposing we did, your reverence,' said Paul in a respectful tone, ' we might happen to pay too dear for what we'd make, an* we wouldn't put our souls in danger for the sake of a penny of money.' ' 'Deed we wouldn't, Paul, agra, 'deed we wouldn't,' chimed in Dolly ; ' haven't we more money than we know what; to do with, and what do we want 'but a livin' while .we're here?'.. The priests were much amused and no little interested by this singular couple, so quaint and old-world like, so sterling iu their simple virtues. Father^ Molloy, however,, could; hot resist the temptation to ' poke some fun out of them.' 'Well, Mrs. Sheehan,' said he, 'here's a priest from 'the Queen's County,' and he pointed io Father Seward, ' did you ever see him at home ?' Dolly drew her eyelids' together so as to increase the power of her waning sight, and fixed her eyes on Father Seward, who sat looking at her with a smile. A moment's ob servation sufficed. Old Dolly withdrew her eyes and shook her head. / 'Well?' said Father Molloy with a sig nificant glance at his brother priests. ' Well, I never did see him afc Iiom©Q your reverence, an' I'd have good eyes if J, did.' ; ' How is that, Mrs. Sheelian ?' ' : '- ' Yvrhy he's no more from the Q,uee-a'G County than I am from Jarmany, nob' bub that he's sri elegant fine gentleman all outs, ';?' but if he's a priest, he's not a Qusea'o County priest, anyhow.' r ' How do you know that, my good X7&- man?' demanded Father Seward. ; 6( Take care what you say,' whispered Paul. ' Sure I must tell him the truth when fc® asked me the question,' said Dolly, back ''to Paul also in a whisper. ' Why don't you answer the priest ?' said Father Daly ; ' how do you know that he ia : not from the Queen's Couaty ?' ' Well, then, I'll just tell your reverence' that, because he's as like a minister ao a':, .''' priest, an' if you didn't tell me, it's foi1 that ' .' I'd take him.' 'Bother to you for an old goose,' mut° ; ' tered Paul between his teeth, ' you've put '; your foot in it nicely, so you have.5' ' \ ';. Father Molloy laughed heartily, and ' '? Father Daly laid his hand with a smile oa ' the shoulder of his American friend. ''You see how it is, my dear sir,5' said he, 't^his :' ', good woman has a mark on her dwa ;; ''';, priests.' ' ' ' ' So I perceive,' returned Ms friend 'with, the slightest possible curl of his thin lip| '\\! ' I should like to know what ifc is.' ? ' ? '- : ? 'Anan ?'' questioned Dolly. ' Tell his reverence,' said Father Dalyp 'what marks and tokens you have oh a .;' priest.' '?'.'' ' Well, dear knows that's what I coulda do,' said Dolly; ' I know it myself, but couldn't tell it if you were to pay '?'?? Could you, Paul?' . . ;-' ' Don't be botherin' me,' was Paul's curt ,'?'. answer, whereat the priests all laughed an^ ' ' the marks and tokens' were dropped. ' After some further ehafc with the two . originals, during which Father Seward ' managed to ingratiate himself wonderfully . '.', with old Dolly, Paul and she took their leave,, '; ' with a promise from Father Daly to 'pay ' them a visit very soon. '.' Dropping a low curtsey to each of ' the priests, Dolly told Father Seward when she came to him, that, indeed, his reverence was) more of a priest than a body would th.in^ J to look at him, and then marched . 3)ft©? '-''''': Paul. . 'There's a compliment,'' said Fatfyei? ' Molloy when the door closed on fche visitor?, ? ' 'A rather equivocal one, truly,'' renlfecj '.?'/; Father Seward as he shook back his long hair, and drew up his shirt, collar ; 'if I .' were only from the Queen's County it' would make a wonderful difference.' ' ISTot so much as you think,' gaid Fafchee Daly ; ' it is not the mere accident of birfch ' that influences Dolly in her estimate'. of you, but the want of those peculiar traits which usually characterize the priest in old .C&thor; lie countries.' ' ; '' And what are they, I pray you 1' ' That's right,' said Father Molloy, rub bing ' his hands in anticipation of, , renewed ' hostilities ; ' that's right, Father^ ' Se ward 9 I'd insist, if I were you, on an explanation.1 'No need not insist,' said Father Daly, '' with a pleasant smile, ' I am quite willing to explain. The characteristics to , which, ,j| ' allude are, perhaps, incompatible with th^ ; nature of our American brethren and th^ ^ construction of society \\\evo. The fa$ierl$ way of addressing his. people, and that hpm,a« liness of speech and or manner which wjin$ their confidence and works its way ta fettefe1 ? hearts, belong more or less to all of .European priests, but in a peculiar manner to those of the Irish Ohurchs whose relations to theiiv flocks are, if possible, closer and more inti mate than any others. The time is fav'^svj, tant, if it ever comes, when the yo^npj-world. priests of American birth will exhibit the marks by which old Dolly and such as she are wont to recognize ' Irreverence.' You belong to a new order of thingSj and a nev^ phase of society, we to, an ojder and \eEj3 artificial^' ' In pla.in English,' ssu'd Father M$Hpy; ^ his humorous way, ' you are finer gentlemen^ and seem to think a dea.1 move of yourselves than we do. Isn't that it, Malachy ?'* \ ' Well, I should be very sorry to say so,' Father Daly replied ; ' I think I have mad© myself sufficiently intelligible to our friend.18 ' Perfectly so,' said Father Seward JfiajD^ 'I know you mean no offence, nor will I take any. - Father Patrick hero is doin^ what he can to stir up strife between. ua-.^Afe I warn him he will not succeed.' And h© ' shook his finger at Father Molioy with a grave smile. ' Well, I own I was,' said the person ado .dressed, ' but that was not my ultimatum,. I thought to kick up a dust so aa to liay^ $lm pleasure of laying it again. Bjufc as v?b .can's raise a breeze, why we must only makj tlia most of tlie calm, Come along, Father Seward, anc{ ' have'' a bit; of suppor v/itJv Maiachy and me; There's Jenny, my ol housekeeper, beckoning like a ghost, ancS her ^patience is none of the best, I can toll you.w So saying he led tho way to ti\Q supper- table. 