WAS IT A GHOST? BY Till: AUTHOR OF ?? NEU.V DBASE.' Tr S'-, it tvns ,i slrnn;c place to sue one; in tiiu iniilnl nf nnine and rnvo'ry, of gi.nm iimliji III h and cr.ishing music; wi Ijli.ippy r.ici-s iMinni me, nnd joyous liMl^lit-T siinniliiig from ft'inr to ceiling of n cr.'iv.lcd circus, wliira horsi'S prnnecil. and merry. cliiwtis joked, atl pr-'tly irirU le.ip'd over «I):ui l'l '?'! hannRr.t mid kihimil' Llnoii^li g:ir1aii'leil hoops ; yet it was lIiwi! 1 k:\\\i it, I sjii-ak advisedly when [ nay it, bnt ( will tell iny ftory, a Iruu rtnc in every particular, and my read, tk mnv decide for ihcmselvi'B tlio knvlly qiicuion; ' \Va- it a ghost ?' . In the. laller part of the year 18— , I, a bride of some two months, was (ravel ling with my Imsliiind nnd little step ilnug!iti r through Scotland ; and ICIin bur^l), 'i'li its many nltriclioiis, w/ih of couisi' line of our slopping plncus. I ha) never lien in the Modern Athnnsb'f're, and fieldoin had I enjoyed two such day* us those tvj ppi'iit in eeoing all that wus rcinarltnblo for beauty, or iiileresliug from associations, that could bo com pushed in so short a limn. 'Tlio second evening— tho last, for no were to Icaro per steamer for LonJon Iho next morning— wo visited the circus of thn Messrs. ? , llion making a very successful stiy in Iho city. Well con ducted and hanitsoaiely filled up, exqui sitely clean and well vcnlilntad, nnd niih a company performing therein above the ordinary talent, it lind quite become « fashionable nlaeo of resort, and wan oiglitly fillod, and linndsnino rqu^ipcs wailed at the door, nnd dainty ladies mi^ht bo scon tripping along thn fiawdnsl-covcrcil passngo which led to tlio arena. It eras fitted up somewhat in Iho stylo of a theatre, with boxes exleiidiiigthroe sides of the interior; and to olid of thosn wo we.ro shown by Uic obliging nllendant. ' Can we not go in there T' asked liltln Marion, pointing to (4irce vacant places in the centre, sunowhal belter fur seeing tliun (lio ones no occupied. Her father checked her, nnd bado her nit still ; but the box-lceopcr roplicd courteously that two places out of three were taken, nnd, the performances commencing, wu thought no more, of the id at tor. Wo Katr tlio occupants of Iho two scuts coma in, a ludy and gonllcmnn, nMorly, and ploasnnl looking, nnd my husband hinghingly remarked to me how close they silt together, ns if they feared to encroach on the remaining vacant space in any way, or kindly wished to make the fuel ns public as possible* that there was still a sent to spare. No onccamo to it, howovor. Half the performance had passed over, and still that ono corner of the front row of tlio centre, box remained unoccupied. Then enma the usual pause, nnd the raking of Iho BRwdust in the circle, which the niidi. ence watched with a solemn interest, as though it were a mightily important part of tlio evening's entertainment. The second linlf of tlio nmiiscmrnls com menced willi thn great ntlrnction of the cstnhlishmciit, tlio skilful riding of a little o-iil. the dnuchter of one of the proprietors. Very graceful and pretty shu nppenred ns the ringm.islcr led In r in — a pollto, fairy-liko creature, willi golden hair lunging in curls to bur wui.st, nnd her white dress floating about her like a cloud. In a moment rIio whs mounted nnd careering round the circle, her little arms waving, and tlio gaslight gleaming on hor graceful head, making it look as if smrounded by n golden glory. Not a leap did sho miss, not a fulsc stop did sho inako in rnpid course, mid the applause, was long nnd loud as tsho sprang down at tlio end of her act. ' Capital ! capitnl !' exclaimed my husband, applauding with the rost, while little Marion chipped her hands in childish glee. I was still quiet, and they remarked it. ' Mamma,' exclnimod the child, ' what is tlio matter!' whilo her falliei looked ol mo in astonishment. 'Why, Kate,' l.j said, 'what nils you ? you are qnito pale.' ' I am cold,' I replied, ' I have been shivering ever since that child came in,' Shuddeiing would havolicui a better word to express the feeling that had come over me, a gloomy kind of fright, not conneclod with tvhnt I was seeing, but something in myself. ' Cold,' ho rcpoalcd, ' in this hot place ; you mast bo ill. Shall we go homo ?' ' No,' I replied, seeing tlio child's clouded face in the prnspoct. ' It will soon go off; I would rather slay.' And indeed I felt strangely impelled to romnin; I could not tell why, though I still shook with the samu KtiMiigc mix lure of cold and fear; I tried to thiuk of wlmt I was seeing and that only, but I felt chilled and gloomy. Presently my husband spuko to me again. ' Knto.' ' Well.' I was watching the anlics of (he two clowns in Iho ring, and trying to fancy I was enjoying their performance. ' Who is that man staring at you 7' ' What man J' ' That man there,' said tlio child ; ' I've boen watching him ever su lone.' I followed the direction of her eyes and finger, and looked. Tlio vacant place was meant no longer, and with nil exclamation of surprise and ueliglit, I rose from my Beat. ' Who ib it?' oskod my husband. ' Harry,' I repliod — ' my cousin Harry. I wonder how he came here !' ' i thought Jio loakod ns if ho knew you; ask him to come here; thcru is plenty of room.' Ho did not know Harry; they had n^ver met, but lie knew how dear he was to me. W* u°d DCen brought up together like brother a^d sister, nnd had looked upon each oihci-1 BS BI1CH l'' circum stancea separated us and he was sent, abroad. When ho rtuiriiiM, I i™s 'i1 the eve of marriage, and. hs eti£:igej to a young lady he had left in Rom'. S!i*» nun to come to England t« bo ui.irrie.', ?nd then, tluy were to go back lo Italy. During his stay i« this cunntry he helped melo arrange my aKairs previous to inyv.own wejding, but before they were settled, lie was seized with a scrion» attack of illuesn. ltcouvnriug shiwly, he was ordered tg the sea;idi.', and befor he left it I and my husband were, tra velling northward on our wedding tonr. 'I'll ere h.iil been mine umncy transactions hptn'ecu II mtv nnd myself; I was his debt it to n very small amnnnl — so sinnli ns ti ho li:iiilly wmth niRiilinning liul, for what followed. I heard of hi-n once or twice, nnd always that he was better, but, nur movements were uncer tain and our correspondence flagged. I linil no news of him for a month when we reached IMinlmr^li, hut I expected to «eo him in the course of a week --r twe. It was a d-U{hiful snrpriso to tncet him Urns unexpectedly, and well enough lo be in it plucii of public amusement. II- ivas looking intently, anil as I thought Hoiuuuhat sadly, nt me, not regarding Iho performance in the l-ait, but gassing straight aci'iiBs t' whore wa sat, with n wistful look in his usually merry eyes llmt trouble, I me somohotv. lie seoned thinner, and his hands, one of which lay idly on the front of tlio box, were very whilo nnd delicato looking. I do not know what made me noli) his appearance so particularly, lint I did— his fair hair with an inclination to curl, which he had a hnbit of throwing off his fornhead by a peculiar loss of the dead ( ' like ayoung lion shaking bis inane,' his father us id to fay); his regular features a little drawn it seemed, as if with some Buffer ing or other ; the diamond ring which ho was proud of wearing, from which tlio clusters of lights sent out shimmering sparkles es tbo hand moved now nnd then ; liis dreis quiet mid gentlemanly, as it always was; the curiously- carved handle of nn umbrella, ono of his sou venirs of his slay la Homo — all seemed to slriko me with a strange foice as I waited for ? pnnso in the performance to go and apeak to him. I nodded across the space, and smiled a joyful wtscome, but he touk nu hood ; Uo tntidc no sign that ho was aware of my pre sence save the oarnest, mournful gaze ho had lixud on mo from Iho fiist. ' Go now,' my husband said as the act concluded ; ' I will come with yon.' We mndo our way ronnd and sought admission to the box where lie ent. 'Only room for one, sir,' mid the box keeper, looking at us, wondering, no doubt, at our retnr,). ' Thori! isn't room for anyone,' I said; ' wo want to spenk to a gentleman— the ono who cnuie in list in til) front row.' '? Only one gentleman iu the front row,' ho replied. ' Oil, yen, there are two ; ono has only juat come in.' ' Nut to this box,'' repliod the man ; ' it must bo the next ; no one has cither gone out or coinci in here siueo Mdlle. Kmma's performance.' ' Perhaps yon will lot us sec,' mid my husband soincwbalhiinghtily, annoyed at tlio man's pertinacity. ' 1 am cortaiu the gentleman wo want lo see, is in this box, on tlio very row where wo wished lo sit.' ' Cortainly, Bir,' he replied, throwing open tho door, and wo ontcrcd pn^erly. The man was right, Iho place was vacant ; thcro sat the elderly couplo on the fnuil seat, tho people behind them tlio fia-im who bad been Uie.ro all tho evening, and beside llm laly ttio empty placo wh-;ie mil live minutes ngo I had seau my cousin eittin^. 'Ha must have gone out,' I said, 'ho will conic back again ; I am sure be saw mo.' We returned to our box, and whon wo hud taken onr soots I saw him sitting ns before. ' He is there now,' my husband said, and wo wont back again. ' Tha gentleman is lierj now,' he said lo the attendant. ' Do kind enoigh lo say W(- wish lo spunk to him.' ' There's no ono come in iiincn yon went away.' be replied, somewhat ruduly ; ' 1 can't 'disturb a whole boxful of people for your fancies.' I checked the angry reply Tsaw rising to his lips, and nguin nsked thn man lo open tho door. Ho did ho, grumbling audibly, nnd I entered again, t) sec nn omply scat. The lady spoke to mo this time. ' Have you not mndj some mistake,' sho said, '? mid taken me fiir nn ncqaniul anco ? I saw you nodding to mo two or threo times.' ' Not tu »/n«,' I replied, ' but to the gentleman who sal thore.' ' The genlleinnn who sat there !' she reponlcd, with a puzzled expression of face. ' Ves, lie is a relation of mine ; I am disappointed lie is gone,.' ' Uo:io I ' she Slid. ' My dearynnnf lady, there bus been no one here ; that sent lias not been occupied at all!' It was my turn lo store now, for I fully thought site was laboring nn.lor some doliibion, but the other occupants of the box corroborated her statement, nnd I was fain to think we had all been mis taken somehow, and went back to my place, 'Us very odd,' my liuslmtid remarked: ' I 8'u sur« I saw some one them.' .' And I nin snro it was llnrry,' I replied, hnrdly iihln lo suppress n scream of terror, f»r, raising my cyos an I spok.', I saw him again, sitting in tho same place and gazing us iuteutly as beforo over to where I sal. '? It is ho,' I Bnid ; ' what can it mean ?' ' He. is them suro enough,' said my hnsbnnd. ' What could thoso people mean ? Don't look so frightened, Kato, it is 6omo mistako ; we will catch, him cooling out ; llie performance is nearly ovor.' During the last act nf liorjomanship we left our scats, rlutermined to solve tho mystery if possible, and stationed our selves in the lobby opposite tho door of the t-ox in which wo had soon my cousin, assuring. oni selves that ho biid not led beforo we moved. Ho did upt come. out, however ; no one hut those wo had seen when wo went in passed out at that door. Again wu spoke lo* the lady and gentle innn by whoso side Harry had been so long : they wcro nt a loss to understand onr pcrsisleul assertions that tho scat hud been filled during tho evening, nnd jgaiu assured us that tUoro had bepn ns one there, , .- ' ? ' It was entirely vacant,' said the lady, ' fur a strange feeling I cannot account far lias kept me from encroaching on it, as uqc is sijti lo do Boiucliutc* ou an empty place. I lnvo felt all the evening is if I could not sit llicro.' It was as much a mystery an crcr, nnd iro wont away coiiiplnlcly piiKzlod. Neither of ns I ml the slig-tioRt lingo nf fiiip'TSlitinn about (is, and wo looked upon the wliolo nfT.iir as a mistake in minio way or older. Arrived a', onr lodg ing*, we found a letter from my hus'innd'n employers iu London, requesting him to nltcud to some business in Glasgow bo foro reluming, so that onr journey wns put off for a fenr days. When wo did mart an un'isualiy rough passage fell to onr lot ; nnd I was so exhausted when we arrived in 'own that we put up at Iho nearest hotel for tlio night, nnd saw no ono till tho next day. My nislcr had arranged onr houso fur us, nnd wni In be Ihcro to receive us. I was surprised t ? lind her looking pale and harassed, and dressed in new mourning. She apolo gized for things nut being iu order by saying sha hadhadasad lime for the last w.-ek, and a harassing. jouruoy. I was completely puKilcd. 'Time! Jiuiuey!' I said. 'What do you menu f ' ' Surely my letter wns cleur enough,' she said. 'I have been to T , you know.' 'I received no loiter,' I replied. ' When did you write 1' ' On Wednesday.' ' And we left on Thursday, Ion early to h«vo had it. But what has hap pened 1 What took you to T ? ?'' ' Poor Harry 1 ? ' she bognn ; nnd smoothing her dress nervously, she burst into tenrs, and could Bay no more. ' Poor Harry f ' I repeated in os'nn ishment. ' What has Imppunod to him since last week ?' ' Nothing since.' I did not noto the emphasis, and re plied, ' Then nothing w«s wrong -witli liim. then 1 His was in Edinburgh. We saw him.' ' You saw him, Kato 1 yourself f' 'All of us,' I said — 'my husband and little Mnrion, as well as I.' ' When?' I named tho time and the place, and her fnee tinned whito to the lipa. ' Knlo,1- she said, ' it wns no living man you saw; Harry is dead.'1 ' Dead ?'' Tho room socinod to whirl round! willi ma as she spoke. My old playmate— my childish companion-- my brother of old days— dead ! I thought of liis sad look at me, of how I had tried to speak to hint on tbnt cvcnifnl night, and the terror I had not felt then enmo upon nio now. What had I Been? Why had I soen it? Was Harry thinking of mo ? wcro the thoughts that flashed through iny mind as I 6ank into a chair. It wns long boforo I was sufficiently composed to hour any particulars, for tho shock was a terrible one— I was so snro that I sair Harry olive mid well. Ho had been recovering fasl, my sister told me, though his lungs wcro rery weak, and lie w.is ordered to tako great care. Ho had somewhat disregarded the injunctions given him, nnd ove.r fnligtiod himself, l.nl he thought nothing of it, and Irnsluil i~- rest to rostoio liim. . The mischief wns dune, howavor, nnd one niffht in a fit of coughing, lio rup tured a blood-vessel, nnd from that time his decline wbb rapid, a few days only intervening, batwecn that event and his death. My sistor was summoned lo boo him, nud nursed him to tho last. Hu spolco of mo, sho said, 'frequently, and begged her to wiito to me, bnt slio did not know our whereabouts till wo wrolc from liiiinburgh to sny that wo wero coming home. Then it was loo late — my cousin died on iho ovening of tho day on which my letter reached hor, and she cnilld only write to apprise mo of his death. Ho died llie very hour t saw him in the circus nt Edinburgh, nnd his last intelligible ^w.irdi wero the oni mcnceir.oMt of n message to me— 'Tell Kato not to mind——'1 What more he had to say wns never spoken; death nrrcstod tho words upon his lips, and ha died with tho sentence uncompleted. As his last words in this world wore for me, so was his glance, for I saw him gazing nt me with a wistful look nt the very hour when he passed from this world to Iho next. Was it fancy wh-n three pi-oplo Bnw him ns plainly ns we sec any ono whom wo met in our daily life ? and that not for a moment only, bat for nn hour or more, two them being entire strangers lo him, and having no iulcrost in him whatever. If it. wero only fancy, it was n most extraordinary coincidence ; if not, wha', was it? I have told a simple, unvar nished story of facts as they actually occurred, and I will leave my readers to settle llie question for themselves, and decide ns they please — was it a freak of imagination, or ' Wus it a Ghost?1' JuiiuE McFaiilaxd's law in the case of Hinton v. Miller, tried at Mud gee, wns condemned by the Supreme Court last; iroelc. Judge McFarland i;!ivo a verdict for tho plain! iff; tlio Su preme Court Judges give the verdict to defendant. Cooma Post and TuLnanArn Okfick. — Tenders for Iho new building, to be erected in Vale-street, will, wo leurn from n gentleman iu Sydney, be called for in about u week from henco. The sito is good, and convenient becatisooll tbo pub lic offices will bo adjacent ' Mnbhov,' in Sydney Mail, dis courses : — Tho Bluo itook contains a list of about 3 100 persons who ore moro or less dependent upon the State for a liveli hood. In other words we have onb parson on the civil list lo about 177 of the population ; aud those figures do not include, police, messengers, soldiers, ami many othcis in positions not entitling them to be placed with tho aristocratic ixjiyornment officials. If wo arid lo the civil list ns wo have heun doing of late jears, by the timo wo celebrate- our con lennisl one parson out of every hundred will have his iiamo rocordpdMn tlio Olue Ilooki ' It behoves tho Oovi-rumonti either to roduco Uiepnblicofricials.oriu creaso: tho population;' - Couldn't sijme member wove for thSoppuintuKiit of A Itiiyal Ciihimissidn^^jmte.liito the ; whulo thing? ^^^pp1;.B6t Very; remarkable fijnc1ir^ffifi«Sai!,' iho namher of indigent men iii ^^tpioiiy lins beca as steadily bill aesDroaTjr increasing. 