POLICE STORIES. By W. W. Tho broker was lying on tho floor, dead, lie had fallen just where he stood, and tho levolvor lay by his side where his relaxed fingers had dropped . it. From the lower part of his face blood was gushing in such ijuuuuuus us lo completely cuuuuiu mu nature of his wouud, but after examination Bhowed that he had placed the muzzle of tho revolver under his chin, nnd that the bullet had gone upwards and through the brain. His death must have bccu almost Instantaneous. Having satisfied myself that medical nid Would he all too Into I examined tho office, aud saw as I expected that there was not a living soul in either office ; yet I could not believe in supernaturaly appearances; every hit of my reasoning self-rebelled against it. With the lamp in my hand I lad peered tinder the clerks' desks, and into all the corners, and was returning towards the inner office when I saw on tho floor uear the threshold of the inner room n small pool of blood, thnt had evident fallen from above, as it slood round nnd unbroken on tho boards. Iu a moment I remembered that the first shot- bad been fired at the "ghost" as she Stood on that identical spot, and my heart beat hard with triumph. It was no spirit then, for spirits are not troubled with such a thing as tho "vital fluid"; it was real flesh and blood then, after all, and wounded by, the dead man's shot 1 where should I Beck this mystery ? I went to the dorr and whistled loudly determined not lo leave the place until I lad, discovered tho secret, nnd while my Xnate on the next beat was bringing n doctor and making other necessary arrangements, I davoted myssif to a thorough search of the premises, There was that little pool of blood, well the spirit could not have snnk i through tho floor literally, and there would perhaps be more. But thero wasn't. It was no slight wound that inn momont poured out that libation, but the protended spirit must have hastily Btaunchcd it as sho made her escape. I examined every inch of the floor, nnd found thero no trnco of a trap or opening of any kind. The cciliug wna plain nnd uubrokon from wall to wall, it muBt then be in one of the walls themselves. Both offices were papored in a dingy looking brown and of the samo pattern, and it would seem nlmost an impossibility that nny outlet could be hidden there, and In nil probability I should havo given it up under that conviction had it not been for the light glancing on a bit of white calico, lying, as it seemed, close against the wail, I separating from tho next house. Fancying it a bit of dusicr, or something, I stopped to lift it and fouud it immovable, it was fastened in tho wall. I set down tho lamp on tho floor'and wont on my knees to it. I left full of triumph as I saw that the bit of maferial was caught at the joint of what must be simply a door. Looking more closely up by tho pattern of the paper, I saw thnt it was a door in the cornef close to the office partition, and half hidden by some pendant office coats, nnd Inverness capes that hung on a rack abovo, I pushed tbom back and saw close to the partition a spring let into tho wood, which I pushed nnd the io w door flew ooen revealing ono of the strangest sight" I over looked upon, I mean a spirit from tho other world lying in a heap on the floor of a closet, quite inscnsiblo from tho loss of blood. I saw how it was at orce. Tho woman was seriously wounded and in her escnpa the long shroud liko gnrmcnt in which she bad masqueraded, caught iu the door as it cloved, and thn chock in her weakness, wns sufficient to throw her down. Onoo thero she could not get up again, and when I found her was simply dying. We lifted her up and inid heron her own eouch, and I think a moro torriblo sight I never saw than that dying woman, with her fnce already ghastly with paint to resemble the corpse slio would soon he, and her stiffening limbs already robed in garments of tho grave, in which sho had terrified one poor weak mor tal to self-destruction. Slio died a fow hours after, nnd all I ever learned of her connection with tho suicide I may tell you in a few words. He had married her years before in Tasmanin, nnd before ho knew that sho was a worthless woman. On finding her previous life to have been a bnd ono ho left her, and it was supposed that by accident, sho had discover ed herself his neighbor, in Queen-street, and mnlico played tho trick on him that led to' tho death of both. the end, 