THE GONG GONG WATERWORKS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &C.;, JIM JONES. Sir,—When a man is Shunted by a ghost he is. always speaking about the varmint he can not help telling him all his unf&siheasj;? but- at the same time he always pretends not to be frightened of it. “ Carping Aud : ari6nymbuVscribblera'' are the] ghosts that" perpetually haunt some-members of the Water..Cjmmiaaion., I have heard that one "of these gentlemen—please set uie'fig'ht-if I am'wcongly: informed—gave orders to; your agentnever .to r leave a paper, at his shop in which there waa'ariaTibhymous letter bu any "subject, especiallyon'the Gong-Gong works, as, only saw it, it incapacitated him for business’during-, the rest-pfitKe day, and ‘Ke had to retire and mourn all day long for the sinful weakness of the! Press among his fuchsias and geraniums and daphnes. Another, I liear, first reads ! auy-anonymous 1 letters i in the paper, and then 'burns it to prevent it falling; into other, hands.-. .Sp. o far,;l,agree;with;these haunted miuds, because they are naturally 'timid; even the truth frightens'them, and they wouldrather run away from the ghost, and say they were not afraid of it, then face it and fight it. But they need not be ’afraid ofnne; my : name is, Jim Jones, . and I don’t, care, 'a; for any one’ of' thefn, no, ‘ nof for ghostS'eitller/ But I would .just, like to. ask a feiyquestions it willlbe of üb‘ uso‘- : to ! 'ask-'them.- wa'ler works; The “ extras ” already amount to £13,430 17s o£d; when are they going,to .cease,?., I,see by the .reports in to-day's papers'’that Mr Bagge lias not yet ■ replied to the various-criticisms .of .hia. work; ,and as, I, have learue’d from a member of'the w'orks committee, that his reply to these strictures' l has been sent in mure than a week ago,;'T.aak/.jvhen is-.his reply, to.,be; made ■ public ? And, does the Water Coinoiissioii’ think ithe ratepayera;;have'no right - , to know what.his; reply is-?;b-Ia’-suppresaing it .'fair: play to. theipublic and to the contractors? Is the suppression of that,- reply rfrora ;i the public>not : a -.‘hundred .times.b'mure unjust and more dangerous- than:.writing anonymous, letters,, even if ail their contents were untrue? In the matter j of; MrpPersse’s. land, i see -thatfili;, B.issell suggested that some bywash should te. raised ■ a foot at an expense of about £5, and Mr Bagge was asked there and then to give an opinion on it, but he decliriedjja your reporter says—unless the Press were not present, because, as'T understand him,’ it involved a principle. In the name of common sense what terrible'secfet'Or mysterious prihciple’can baTihvOlved ; inn little atom of stonework,-thatiisto coat £5 ? Bo " wonder-that there is such, mysterious secrecy- about.'a. £58,000 job-wheh the merits ofione that is only'to cost a “fiVef’ ! 'dafe not be made known Itoithe .public.; I pity- the 'chairman, for ohe really; aeems. to mo to try to act honorably .’between"the commission'.-.and. the contractors’; but the ghost-haunted . crowd’won’t. \- letthim if they can- help .'it., These; carping;, and anonymous "scribblers - are constantly in front of. them, and though they aifect to despise; and to.ignore them, these poof ghosts’ are eternally'making their/ hair stand-on end, and their bodies to break out.intp,, profuse perspirations. Well, the chairman has re quested to-" Government'toilet MriHiginbotham come 'upt- rrighti and .-Messrs Gordon, and- Wardell will; come, I suppose, to decide from a government; point, of view.i' ; :But' in .saying . this, *l,fdo not.,-for-; a< moment insinuate that they will decide,in : any ; ;oth ; er- ivway.:;but; .-fairly- find-; impartially.! They will, I suppose, have Mr Bagge to give, ithem information they.may want, and to offer explanaS; tiuns, and; T suppose, that-will satisfy the commission., But|there : afd others to be satisfied. ’ What.about,the, contractors, are they not to be-allowed to have an en gineer to represent’them ? ' What about ‘ the rate payers, are they ’uot to’ be --allowed" a representative ? flsdl: not.well known that a great deal of the work ' that' is said.to have been improperly done, cannot now ’ be seen ? - How is the truth about tliat to-be got at ?i The last question-1 have to' ask is/there-appears to bo about*£Booo; cash 1 balance in’hand, : when that is l er-' pended,'if - the ' commission go ’bn a's they, are doing, I where do they expect to'get-any; more from ?■ 