POLICE. At the FITZROY Court on Thursday, before Messrs. Templeton, P.M., T, Kidney, Marsden, and M'Lean, a man named John Wilson alias Beecraft, was charged with housebreaking and larceny of articles value £3, on August 11. John Wood left a number of carpenters' tools securely locked up in a house in Moor-street, where he had been engaged at work. He went for them on the 22nd, but found the window had been broken and the tools stolen. Prisoner was seen in the house on the 17th and 18th, and on the latter date pledged the tools with a pawnbroker for 15s, and they were redeemed subsequently by a man unknown, who stated that he had bought the ticket from Wilson Prisoner was sent to gaol for 12 months, with hard labour. At the WILLIAMSTOWN Court on Tuesday the cause-list presented a long array of assault cases, during the hearing of which, extending over several hours, the court was crowded. The case of McGregor v. Hammond was rather an extraordinary one, the complainant, a married woman, proceeding against the defendant for an unlawful assault, and also claiming £20 damages for injuries inflicted with a walking-stick used by defendant upon what he supposed to be a. ghost. It items that Hammond, who is the borough inspector at Williamstown, was returning through the railway gates at the North Williamstown level crossing on the bight of the 21st inst., when he saw a figure dressed in white jump up in front of him. Believing it to be Borrie practical joke, he struck at the figure with a walking-stick he had in his hand. Mrs. M'Gregor denied that he gave any ground for such a supposition as that mentioned. She had a white petti- coat over her head as it was a cold sight, and she had gone out without a bonnet. The Bench allowed her £2 damages, with £3 55. coote. ______".^mmmmm THE new subterranean cable between Basle and Berlin has been successfully laid down, and is now in perfect working order. It contains 12 independent wires. The German postal authorities intend to introduce this system throughout Germany. A saving of expenses and better working is expected. i 