THE ?EEB¥SiN6I.E PAPERS. Of ecftitse We dofl't like to say anything about the eminent Mr. Smyth while his "case " is going on. But perhaps I may be permittedjto express my wonder that men exist who confess to the submission to degradation such as that 4-w ai>k —mil iidt 4-v rtwi kr i«n UCJ o&rsirc; ttoquwu UUVJU tucui uj vac laic ovuV" tary for Mines. If Mf. Smyth was the bully they say he was, who is the worse — the kicked or the kicker ? I protest that I don't think Mr. Brough (or rather Rough) Smyth is getting fair play. They are all at him. He is down, and they never gave him any warning of their inten tion to cast him down. He may be a " nigger- driver" — and I have heard that he has been — hut even nigger-drivers should have justice dealt to them. W ell, I suppose Smyth will get it, after all. I am in a poor way ; but Lord J I would not change position with him for a thousand guineas. If he be what they say he is, he should be in the Yarra Bend Asylum. Mr. Major Smith — or shall I say Mrs. Major Smith ? — has worked up a great excitement in Ballarat among the ladies. The Major looks the sort of peison for small tea-parties — a la-di-dah personage, you know. I'd bet a trifle that Mr. Major Smith was at the bottom of the feminine sensation the other day at Ballarat. It was he who suggested the idea to the Ballarat woman kind, believe me. Such loves of whiskers, you see, are irresistible with women, even if it be for the suggestiveness they present. Mr. Major Smith should be careful of his whiskers. They thrive on his cheek. They refresh them selves on his jaw. They are, in short, the pro- duct of Smith, and Heaven defend us from any other outcome of that gentleman. Mr. Bent is of opinion that the Botanic Gar dens have not been improved since the medal man was got rid of. Mr. Bent is further of opinion that the control and management of the gardens and reserves should be contracted for Mr. Bent, like that eminent cad, Claude Mel- notte, is a gardener, and doubtless speaks with enthusiasm. But there are gardeners and gar. doners. Sir Joseph Paxton was a gardener, but he Was also an artist. Lauiy was a gardener, but he had the soul of a poet. Glenny was a gardener, but he had an eye for landscape. So has Mr. Guilfoyle. The Baron has not. Did you ever observe the Baron's coats ? Moses and Sons contracted for them. Genius is all very Well, but it has no right to offend propriety by wearing a coat a mile too big for it. I am with Mr. Hanna. The sooner we lay the Mueller ghost the better for the country. The noble savages who recently waited on the Chief Secretary were like all other noble savages. They know their way about. They are " fly," sir. I remember visit ing their station some years ago, and assisting at devotions. The odour of that entertainment still lingers in my nos trils. Aboriginal human nature does not smell like eau de Cologne,. It has a graphic smell ; and it enjoys its own defect in this re gard. Mr. Green, as I remember, had become acclimatised, and took small heed of his black friend's perfume. Mayhap a natural sympathy with primitive human nature secured him the affection of these children of the forest. On the other hand, perhaps the grog doesn't knock about as it used. Rum is a great civiliser, believe me, and I fancy— well never mind ; 'tis dangerous in these sensitive days to speak one's mind, even of a nigger. Mr. Vogel declares his belief that New- Zealand is destined to pass ahead of all the colonies. Well, perhaps he is right. But what good fortune it was to Mr. Vogel that New Zealand was a fact. I remember playing poker with him at Pleasant Creek, years ago, and clearing him out. He borrowed £1 from me to take him home. He was a rare fellow — elastic, full of hope, none of your croakers. He used to write some Bringing articles for the " local rag articles of the Carlyle strength ; full of pith and energy, and I sometimes regret that his pen is loBt to the Press. But between ourselves he is an awful humbug. I don't think he believes in anything, and I am pretty sure that if he could have turned his talent in this direction to profit able account in England, New Zealand would never have seen him again. As matters stand, Sir George Grey is ready for the fray. Mr. Woods is one of those personages who are fancifully dubbed " honourable members." Defend me from such honour. If a larrikin had expressed himself in the pit of a theatre as Mr. Woods expressed himself in the Legislative Chambers, he would have been arrested, and next morning fined for using obscene language. " 111 punch the honourable member's head, and damned quick too." This was the graphic and grammatical utterance of Mr. Woods when Mr. M'Lellan chaffed him But, you see, that : which is blackguardly in fustian or moleskin is tolerable, er even commendable, in broadcloth. Mr. Woods is an honourable member, and, as we know, the people's elected re privileged But if I, a common carrier, were' ftf follow Mr Woods's fashion, what a blackguard / should be. What a quality rests in a name ! Honour able members can booze with impunity, and make exhibitions of themselves ; but if John Peerybmgle takes a glass of grog too much there is a howl of disgust against him. It is not a had dodge for one who loves small vices to become a people's honourable member and re presentative. It is a sort of absolution frc-m every species of degradation, and in good sooth it is not a dead letter with such honourable members as the free and easy Sunday-observ ance honourable member Mr. Woods. "What a nice pair he and Mr. Smyth would make. Their sympathies, I fancy, run in the same groove. George Coppin can turn a sentence sonorously enough. " It is most gratifying," says he in his report of the Australian Musical and Dramatic Association, " that Madame Ristori and Mdlle. Uma de Murska have recognised the association by becoming life governors. " Ah ! hut my res pected, unctuous friend, how was this satisfactory matter brought about ? Were you not going to bring an action against Mdlle de Murska, for singingapatented song not, I fear me, because of this grave violation of proprieties, hut because of the indifference which the lady exhibited to the merits of your pet charity. That's about it old cock. Butit is like " the legitimate drah-mah" as we used to call you in Adelaide, to put a good face on an ugly fact. It makes a good mouthful, that report of yours. It puts one in mind of puff-paste, you know — a great deal to look at, but very unsubstantial for a healthy appetite. And by the way, who is the widow of the journalist and dramatic critic — or rather, who was the critic? I thought that I had known most press scribblers in the colony ; but I can t call to mind any particular ink-slinger whose widow need come to the Australian Musical and Dramatic Association for heir-. You are at it again, old man, and have made your mouse a mountain. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 