NEW ZEALAND. (f HOir- OUB OWN- OOllBESl'ONDENaS) ? THE SAN. EEANG3S00' MAIL SERVICE. Auckland, OctoBer 28. Tho Now Zealaud Government has- agreed to the proposal of the- contractors of' the San Francisco mail sorvico; thnt tho steamers, of the lino shall no longer calliat Honolulu But only (it Auckland or tho Bay of Islands. Tho con tract is. now likely to. bo curried on' satis-' faotorily. Sihauks in tiie BAV.r- Captain Harrison of tho ship 'Windsor Custle, now at tho anchorage, informs us that on Saturday ovenihg about 9 o'clock a largo shn&was; caught, when, haulod on dook it was found to moasuro- 10 feofc 6 inches long and 4 feet in oiroumf oreace. In its maw woro found two sheops' heads (one with horns), a tin dish (about 10 inohesdu, diameter) two odd shoes, otto largo shin-bouo, some rags and sovoral '.sheep's foot. All thtiBe things had been, thrown overboard from tho ship at different tiinos within the last four or five days. So that ii would seom, that tho shark has been in very constant att&ndanoo; on the Windsor Gusbto. A Runnaway. — A horse- drawing a dray belonging to. Mr. Quigloy,,of Enoggora, when, staudin(jopj)OaitothoBolf:£tIIotol,Q.ueon-stroeh, took frighi and bolted at. a. great rate along tho 'street. On the horso- and dray reachingjtlio Oxford Hotel, in Qu.ttuiistroct, polico-sosgoant Tyrrell', with great presonco of mind andl con siderable pluck, ran; and seized the. horse's hoadi nnd sucooedod, in stopping lij# further progress, 'sustaining ft rather sovexo injury to his anclo during his efforts. Luckily no damage was caused by the runaway, but thoro is no, saying what might not have happonod but for tho vory praiseworthy con» d,uot of the poUce.sorgDant. Thb Oddfellows. — Thoro will bo a mooting of the Queon of England Lodgo of Oddfellows to-night at tho Lodgo Room. Scene at an Execution. — Mr. Gallwoy, tho BhorilFs Offioor of the Supromo Court, sold by auction, at noon to-day, under a writ of at. sa., at tho suit of Edwin Lowis, ' Esq.,' of the Pimlico workshops, tho stock-in-trade nnd offocts of tho ostablishmont of David Dickson and Albort Eidloman, lately trading at the Great Quoonsland Auction Mart, as auctionoora and commission .agents, cornor of Queen und Edward streots, undor tho firm of Diuksou aud. Co. An effort was made to stay proceedings this morning, before tho Judgo in Chambers, but owing to an informality, the motion was rojectod. At noon, a lurgo and highly ros poctnblo audienco faced Mr. Gallwoy, who was warmly applauded on taking tho ' box.' A considerable amount of good-humoured chuff provailed, and after reading his authority Mr. Gallway proceeded to submit tho lota, und obtained excellent prices until coming to tho rostrum, desks, and countors, when tho land lord, Mr. Morwitch, stopped forward and claimed thorn us fixtures. Tho soonp thon bcoumo Hvoly, and amidst considerable noiBo thoy woro lit last knocked down to Mr. Hioks foraincro 'song,' the cautions administered by the landlord having doubtloss had thoir duo effeot. ??''. The Theatbe. — Two very successful first appearances were made at the theatre on Satur day night. Rena, an American aotresa of good repute, and Mr. Maeder, u finished Amorican comedian, appeared in a sensational drumd, ontitlod ' Alice, or Poor and Proud,' and kept tho audienco thoroughly pleased aud satisfied throughout. The drama 13 essentially Amevi. can, and, as such, presents a good deal that it) frosh to English audiences. Tho part of tho heroine is not ono requiring vory striking acting, butlliss Rena performed it in an unoxaggeratod and very pleaBing mannor,hor enunciation being norism. Mr. Mneder is an accomplished notor, and hiB knowledge of stage business is ovidontly comprehensive. The heroine— Alice— who is alone in the world, her mother being dead, her father in unknown parts, and her brother unable to earn a living, is poor and proud— not proud in an ofiensivo seuso be it under stood, but rather sensitive thnn proud. Sho is a shop-girl in a fashionablo 'soft goods' store, and is boloved by a man of position— Allen Gregory — very well played by Mr. Phillips. This state of things provokes the jealous hatred of Miss Vandyke— -Miss Clara 'Wilson— who is in love with Allen, and -who mUKl'O Up U IltUUU ULblU puu| 'i i.i.iv/i* a lost diamond brooch and a poor spirited shop girl figure. All sorts of misorios for Alice arise out of this des picable plot, inciw/jing ioss of situation and imprisonment. Mr. Mader had a capital churacter part in Mr. Vandyke, or, as ho is better known, Old Jiooster. Ho made much fun, and was frequently applauded to Iho echo. Mr. Nowton was an immense favourito with ths audience as Tom Russell. Mr. Vincent, who is always painstaking and, reliable, was Chauncey Russell. Scolt Duncan, and Wal lace, found vory good representatives in Messrs. Elliott and C. Naylor. Tho De tective, too, deserves a word of praiso Mr. M'Sotfan made a very good traditional Justice. Miss IifeMd Dixonj 'as Barbara, acted with a great deal of feeling, espeoially in her lust scene Mrs. M'Gowan Was a capital Mrs. Vandyke. Tho piece, except in Cno or two. instances, showed careful rehearsal, and it wns very well put upon tho stage. Tho andieitoo was a largo one, and frequently during the evening encouraged tbo characters with lioarty applause. 'Alice' will be repeated this ovon iner. A dramatic vorsion of Miss Bruddon's 'Run to Earth' i» in preparation. The 'Weatueii. — The weather throughout tho colony this- morning was fino and cloudy. The wiud at Cape Moreton and the South Passago was from the west. The Joys aud Sbimows ov A Ciiaiuman oi' Comsiittees. — Tho Chairman of Committees will fed the loss of tho Railway Reserves Bill. It was a nice bill in com mittcO' When once' an amendment wag pi-oposed and fairly put to the committoo thoro was time for a good long snooze, and Bernaya could bo en tho -watch and' poke him up1 in' time for tho division. And tho sweet soothing elo quence of 'Walsh, Sloreheatl, Do Siitge, and Amhurst, Bnpplied as gentle and effoctivo a lul. Morgan got intoa bit of a tangle -while- the bill was in committee on Tuesday night through dozing:1 off.- Whether Walsh and Morehead had' infused a double mea sure of somniferonsness into their tones as they, droned and prosed along about tho im measurable wiokedhess of tho Ministry ; or whether the atmosphere wns unusually heavy that night ; or that the ventilation of tho ohambcr was obstrueted by a disproportionate number of Liberal members ; or that somothih' elso had happened to soud the Chairman* of Committees into a deeper sleep than usual ? is now past finding out. Ho did sleop sounder that night in tho chair ? than ho had over dono before— nnd -when he awoke, ho waa just a trifle bewildered,' and-' didn't know exactly where ho was. He- got tho preamble inoxtricably mixed with the sonodules and the last clause of tho bill, and for a considerable time could not muko up his mind how tho question stood. . Mombors kindly volunteoring to explain only confused him- tho more. Hut ho got right at last. There is very little about tho offioo of Chairman of Commit tees of tho Legislative Assembly, barring'. tho salary, which I should yearn for. In tho. first placo, although tho Chairman ib virtually Iho Doputy- Spoaker, ho never- can- 'maintain ; his dignity liko tho Speaken- can. Tho membors won't lot him. I cannot say how it is, but a most noticoablo change comes ovor tho tono and doportniont of hoii. mombors directly tho Houso resolves. itsolf into a Committee of tho Wholo, and if a .Chairman of Committees possessed a fifty-BpeaEBr power of 'dignity, ho couldn't maintain it ittt tho chair for halfan hour. When tho Houso is in committee .moinuora can speak so, often ob thoy liko, and .many of them liko to.speak very often indeed. Tho most invetornta- speakers: in committoo soon . lose thoir tempers, and begin to abuso somebody, and then somebody takes up tho quarrel, and the majority present go in for a gonoral shindy and ' make I a night of it.' Tho Chairman of Com mittees has to 3it.it through,, without tho ' ghost of a chance of joining in tho serimmage — and whioh cannot but bo vosy trying to an .Irishman, above all other mon. Tho onlyroliof from tho irritating monotony 1b a gontto slumber, and now tho Railway Rosorvos Bill is Hivniio-h thorn is littlo chance of that ao-ain thin session.— 'Odd Notes ' in The Week. ' Matohlebs misory'' has boon doflnod to bo having a cigar and nothing to light it -with. A onANOEii writes to a rural paper to obIc, ' How long cows should be milked f' Why tho same as short ones of course. RiNawonu. — Paint tho affeotod partB twioe a day, with a solution of corrosivo sublimate in oollodion, 