General News. Mr. Alfred Anderson, the husband of Mdlle. lima de Murska is dead. A child two years old has died in Sydney from the bite of a monkey. A half-acre block in the best part of Collins-street, Melbourne, has been sold for £39,600 or £600 per foot. The Rev. B. N. Fernie, Con#regationa minister, has arrived by the city of Nankin. A child named Bell has been burned to death at Marrackrilla by the upsetting of a kerosine lamp. A sandalwood forest has been discovered on the banks of the Endeavor River. A Local Court is about to be established at Stansbury, Southern Yorke's Peninsula. The ministerial title of Mr. Everard, is to be " Minister of Education." The R.M.S. Sumatra has cleared with 52,568 ozs. of gold, and £25,000 in specie. Reports have reached Cooktown of the discovery of a splendid pearl fiahery a hundred miles in extent. Many of the States schools in the country districts of Victoria are closed owing to scarlet fever. Two of the Sumatra's passengers hare been fined in amall penalties for refusing to be vaccinated. A 43 oz. nugget hag been found at the Norfolk rush. The Victorian Government have consented to give £1,000 towards the expense of a rifle team visiting Wimbledon and Philadelphia, provided an equal sum be raised by private subscriptions. On the voyage from England of the Durham one of (lie steerage passengers committee suicide by drowning himself, and a second-class passenger cut hia throat while suffering from delirium tremens. Six steamers are on the berth at Hongkong for Cooktown, loading passengers, opium and tea. The design of Miss Mary Overbury of Uuley, of a seal for the Council of Education, has been accepted. William R. Towler, charged at the Kincraig Police Court with the forgery of a receipt, lias been committed for trial. The Melbourne Customs authorities have decided to prosecute Walter Sherwinfor an attempt to smuggle cigars. The residents of Port Pirie have resolved to take immediate steps to form a municipality. An old man Kangaroo was lately killed at Mount Gambier, measuring from the tip of the tail to the nose 11 feet 6 inches. The revenue of Tasmania for the year amounts to £327,000, which shows an increase of £10,600. The ship Sophia Joachim from London to Sydney wbich stranded at Dangeness has been got off uninjured. Tanundawaa visited by two distinct shocks of earthqnake on Wednesday night. One was felt at 7 o'clock and the other at halfpast 10. Ths New South Wales Assembly have negatived a motion for a day of humiliation and prayi-r foi rain. It has been discovered that the cirgo of the City of Nankin was broached on the voyage from England, and some of the German assisted immigrants are suspected. At Wallbellerdina head station a day or two since, a little boy named Davis fell down a well 100 feet deep, and sustained only a few trifling hurts. A fire in John-street, Fitzroy, Caused by the up snttidg of a kerosine lamp, has destro3 T eil the premises. The inmates escaped with difficulty. Mrs. Marie Gray, the wife of a miner at Ballarat, lias committed suicide by taking poison. Sue leaves three children, Walter Sherwin, of the Carandini party, has been fined £100, at the Melbourne 1'olice Court for smuggling cigars from the mail steamer. In the case of Learmouth v. llailey in the Victorian Supreme Court, M juryman stated in r"ourt on Monday that he had been offered .C250 by one side to agree to a verdict. Tiie Post and Telegraph Department, which has been for some years under the control of the Chief Secretary, has been handed over to the -linister of Education. Cataiu Almond, of the ma.il steamer Sumatra has been fined 40s. un ier the Diseases in Stock Act for impuiting two horses into Victoria. Mr. Goj-der has sailed for Melbourne and Tasmania whither lie has gone on a tws months' leave of absence for the benefit of his health. Heavy rains hr.ve fallen in the Far North. At Wonoka Crcdc six waggons have been swept away hv the floods, and £1000 worth of stores destroyed. Grapes are said to he failing everywhere this 2 ear in Victoria. At Geelong little or no wi' e wiil he made, there being barely enough for table purposes. Mrs. Coleman, the widow of Mr. Samuel Coleman, mnil driver Georgetown was found dea l in lira- b j d on Wednesday. A jury returned a verdict of death fr ;ni natural causes. The body of a man, name unknown, has hi-en found on Kagless's run, Wiilochra. The deceased was supposed to b>3 from fifty-five to sixty years of age. The body is supposed to have been lying where it was found about six month's. An Advertiser' telegram states that all hands are doing well at the ^andy Creek rush, Northern Territory. It is reported that a 2 lb nugget has been found. Searle and parly got ."500 ounces in a few weeks. Benjamin Williamson Camp : on, a snlicttRr in g'wd practice in Lnuneestsou, levanted by the Sumatra. Ilis liabilities are est imated at C7j000, while the available assets are but trifling A warrant; for his apprehension has been issued. \ large number ot pnsspngers have sailed from Brisbane to Cooks!own and numbers j arc also booked. At Sydney a steamer has I been laid on for Cooktown. owing to the rush to the new diggings Differences between French and British J fiishermen at Newfoundland are taking a destructive shape on the part of the latter,) and Fr> nch machinery used in the curing of flsli has been smashed and rendered worthless. English men-of- war are to be stationed permanently at St. John's. It is stated that a few days ago in a northern township not very far from Adelaide, there might have been seen in a taproom, a man lying upon his back, quite insensible to all around, who had on liis person the sum of over £290. Tli3 agricultural statistics of the province ol Canterbury, New Zealand, show that the average yields were as follow :—Wheat 30^ bushel a-i acre ; oats 38J bushels an acre ; barley, 37 bushels an acre. There were 350 850 acres sown with English grasses. Scarlet fever is extending in various parts of Victorian, and each day reports of its appearance in some fresh country localities are received at the office of the Health department. An estimate has been mide of the number of hop-nickers at present employed in New Norfolk, Glenorchy, and Ilobart Town. The'e are close upon 2300 men, women and children engaged in that work. It was stated in the Victorian Legislative Council a day or two sitiie that a case has gone home to the rivy Council which would decide the ownership of gold in the earth in purchased property. Mr. J. A. Plunkett, formerly in the Police Force, and recently Chief Warden the goldfields in the Northern Territory. ho« been appointed Deputy Registrar of BirtliH and Deaths in succession fo the late VIr. John Kippon. It is reported that a writ has been issued by thq Messrs. Breok, of the Murray Flats, against Mr. Jenkin Coles, M.P., as well as against Mr. J. White, M.P., for an alleged offence under the Frauds at Auction Act. In the Victorian Assembly the second reading of the Income Tax Bill was only carried by a majority of three, t^e number being 35 to 32. Sir Jas. McCulloch then moved the adjournment of the Rouse, and this practically disposes of the question of the income tax, which is shelved. Mr. J. H. Symon, of the late leral firm of Way & Symon, who left for England by the K.M.S. China, and rpached Galle, is now returning to Adelaide by the same steamer, in consequence of the elevation of his former partner, the Hon. S. J. Way, to the position of Chief Justice. At Geelong recently a dog chased a goat into a house in Kildare-street. The goat sought refuge under a table, which it upset together with a kerosene lamp that was standing oa it The place was soon in a blaze, and everything was destroyed. The Great Western Railwaj Company is preparing to run the fastest trains in the world between Plymouth and London. Locomotives are being expressly constructed for the purpose, and it is estimated that they will take the trains at the rate of 75 miles an hour. It would appear that the moa is not yet ex tinct in New Zealand, The Otngv Guardian says:—''A moa's egg, containing a young bird, has been fjund at Picton. The egg was broken dnring its removal, but the pieces of the shell were saved, and the immature bird is in a good atate of preservation.'" On Wednesday evening at the Semaphore, during a strong breeze and a heavy sea, Captain Gale of tho CEnone attempted to reach bis vessel in tho ship's boat. The craft cap«ized ; the captain succeeded in swimming ashore, but the men are supposed to hare been drowned, A tragical occurrence has taken place at Spring Creek, Toowoomba, Queensland. The police went out to institute an enquiry into acliargeof rape brought against Moses Peter, the alleged victim being his own daughter, and while doing so, Peters committed suicide by hanging himself. An unfortunate ending to a senseless practical joke occurred in Adelaide on Saturday evening, March 25. Mr. Michael Moran. of Clarendon-street, while in his house heard a knock at the front door, and opening it he saw two men, running away. He quickly followed them, and had just caught hold of one when he fell, and broke his right arm. The Tenter field Tndcprndcnt states that Rev. Isaac Hanks, for many years minister of the Independent Church, Silver.sfreet, Malnisbury, fell down in his pulpit just as he had given out his text (Job xiv. 10), "But man dieth, and wasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost and where is he?" He was found to be dead. It is stated merely as a rumour, that the great Boss Tweed," the head of the great Tammany Ring, who lately made his escape from a prison in New York, has been seen and recognised in the streets of Melbourne. It is not supposed that he proposes settling in Victoria, but that he was mendy passing thro igli on a Wandering Jew sort of trave 1 . A steamer has left Brisbane, crowded with passengers, for Cooktown. It is stated she lias over six hundred passengers. The Cooktown paper publishes a strong caution to meu leaving for the new diggings to wait for news as to the character of the gold-field. There are no provisions, and if a rush takes place there will be starvation. A Queensland telegram states that the country is in an awful state about Charlesville through the scarcity of water and grass. Travelling stock which had started for the Border are all returning. All the back waters of the Warrego are dried up for 150 miles, and 50,000 cattle are on the frontage. The thermometer has stood at 112° in the shade for the last three weeks. Another instance of how man can exist for a lengthened period without food was sh"wn in the persun of a man named Bradley, who was lost iv. the hu-h between Stoodleigh and Glenpmirie, Qeensi md, for seven days, and when found had been for six days without food, with the exception of two small mushrooms he had found in his wanderings. Bradley, who was in a very exhausted condition, soon recovered from the effects of his long fasting. The total quantity of the land alienated in Victoria from the Crown at the end of the year was IG,846.943. acres of which 6,485,204- acres alienated l>3 r auction, and 10,31)4,7o'.* by .-election. The area available for selection on January 1 was 13,'.130,943 acr^s, Tho total revenue of the Lands Department for tiie year was £1,006,828, of which I'litt1.230, was derived from the sale of l;'.nd by auct ion . A report of the gold yield a id dividends from the mines of 1he Sandhurst, distric for tne first quarter of 187G gives the yield as 1)8 033 ozs. asagainst 63,463 ezs. for thecorresponding quarter of last year, showing an increase of 5 200 ozs. The- dividends amount to £101.480 I ."is. 8d.. showing an increase of £50,288 5s. 4d. The calls amounted to £:{iJ,'J 19, as against £26,498 for the enrrespomiinu quarter of last year, being an increase of £4,420. An Advertiser telegram states that the , roads in the Northern Territory are in a very hail state of repair, and provisions arc scarce onth" diggings owing to the difficulty of cartage. Good returns continue to he obtained in Grievesson's Gully, and all the dig-ersthere are doing well. At the Vigrinia, Mine on the Stapleton, the crank shaft of the engine has broken, and the hands have been reduced in consequence. A recent crushing of 25 tons from this mine produced 60 ounces of gold. Frederick K,o n waiter. cnmuiiir.. suicide at Ballar i' o. i lay las bv mrtigafT--'iu^ ing himself while from religious mania. A few days since, near Rushworth (says the Gaulburii Advertiser) an extraordinary phenomenon was witnessed. What at. first appearei l ; ke a thin streak of smoke issuing from a hollow tree, and ascending far into the heavens, was observed, but upon closer inspection proved to be a spiral column of water of an immense height, which moved in a southerly direction across Gunn's Swamp, a large sheet of water about two miles from the town. Kissing in a public place is regarded in Sydney as" indecent conduct/' Two lads about 16 years of aee, named Hunting and Norton, were lately convicted of indecent behavior in Belmore Market. Each bestowed a kiss upon a female in that public place, and was sentenced to pay 5s. or to be imprisoned for two days. Convictions for assault have lir>en had nnder such circumstances, but it is quite a novel idea to call kissing "indecent behavior." A curious circumstance is reported as having occurred in connection with a recent thunderstorm at Camperdown. A resident, on retiring to rest, mixed a seidlitz powder with the intention of taking it. and left it on a washstand near an open window in the bedroom. During the night, and on the occasion of a very vivid flash of lightning, he heard a report as of a gun, proceeding from the direction of the window. Next morning the seidlitz powder had vanished, and on attempting to examine the glass, the owner found it crumble to pieces in his hand. An official telegram reports the arrival of McLeod's party at Cooktown, and confirms Mulligan's statement as to the discovery of anew goldfleld, as well as its richness. Great excitement has existed in Cooktown durins the past fortnight regarding Mulligan's discovery. The field is reported to be rich, and extending over a tract of 40 miles of country in which reefs are numerous. Many teams are starting for the new field, and a number of parties are leavfor Edwardstown and the Hodgkinson RiTer. At St. Kdda, a girl named Christian Sharp, aged 18 ye*rB, was cleaning out a room, when, seeing a grain ar two of some white substance, which she thought to be sugar, on the mantelpiece, she took it on her finger and put it into her mouth. Sha remembered, as it tasted bitter, that it was strychnine that had been purchased to piomn mice, and the fright so overcame her that she fell down inBenBibl«. Medical as*i«tance was procured, but without avail, as she died sooa afterwards. Deceased could not have taken more than a twelfth or sixteenth of a grain of strychnine. Death resulted from congestion of the brain caused by fright through deceased thinking she had poisoned herself. A man named Freeliorne, a commission agent, committed snieide ot Christchurch, on February 28, it is supposed bsCHUse of inability to pay over certain moneys he had collected for a butcher named Garforth. The latter met Freeborne on that morning, and aBked him to settle up. They walked together to the Criterion Hotel, where Freeborne lodged. He then ostensibly want to his bedroom for his books. On returning he passed through the commercial room to the backyard, saying to a person who accosted him' "I'll be back in a second." A few ruinates afterwards, a man going to »he watercloBet found Freeborne on the ground quite dead, with a shot-wound in the right temple. Recently the Sydney Echo drew attention to the results of observations and calculations of Mr. Russell, the Government Astronomer, in which it was shown that the present, is the driest season that has occurred in Sydney for the past thirty-five year. Mr. John Tebbutt, another authority on meteorological affairs, has now come forward with his experience. In a letter in the Herald, written from his private observatory at Windsor, he points out that, as long ago as March, 1874, he predicted in the columns of the same paper that the present year would, on the whole, be a very dry one. He quotes this letter in full, and from seventeen years' observation, that the rainfall of the colony had been strikingly periodic in its character, being subject to maximum about every third year. These observations led Mr. Tebbutt to institute a comparison of some of the yearly meteorological averages obtained at any observatory during the past eleven years, and the result had been, in his opinion, a striking confirmation of the three year period. An apparently extensive coining plant has been discovered by the detectives in Melbourne Mr. Smith. the landlord of the Colonial B'^nk t'otel, had in his employ as under-noiik a man named Edward Raynor, and on Monday evening the housemaid saw him melting down silver coins over the kitchen fire. This circumstance aroused her suspicions, and >lie informed her master of the occurrence. Mr. Smith on Tuesday, taking advantage of the absence of Raynor. went into the rooms he occupied, and in one of them found the whole of the apparatus for " smashing''' or coining bas^ money in full operation. He at once sent up to the detective office, and Detectives Foster and Considine, on proceeding to the premises, found a galvanic battery, a number of plaster of Paris and copper moulds, and a quantity of base coin in various stagfs of manipulation, the whole of which they seized, together with a number of bnoks hcl outing to the Public Library, and several skeleton keys. On the return of Rayuor he was at once arrested and lodged in the watchhouse oil charges of coining and steal- ing books from the library. A correspondent of a Brisbane paper writes :—Almost simultaneously with the telegraphic news from Townsville of the dis- 1 covery of another rich gnldfiHd in the P:diner district, the information come, that , 4 HI more Honese haw b^cn landed at Cookj town, and that five more steamers were to ] follow. News received just. previously stated that no less than 2000 Chinese were waiting at Hong Kong for ships to take them to Cooktown for the Palmer goldtield. • Ev.m now the Chinese element on these ! diggings is in the proportion of five to one j ; European, and it has bepn roughly estimated ; that throe-fourths of the alluvial gold got on the Pa'nier falls to their ehare. I am no j alarm'st, but no one can he blind to the ! fact that this immense infiux of Chinese ' upon the northern goldfields is a very J serious matter, and one which may possibly ! lead to serious complications before mail}- f months have passed. The Palmer was i discovered, and prospecte d, and opened up, j in the fucv of difficulties, privations, loss of I life and expense, probably greater than were j before known in the history if the goldfields, j and in none ot" this had the Chinese any share. Tin y never go outside to prospect but follow close in the wake of the European j pioneer, and reap the lion's share of ihe j result of his disc iveries. T 1 is has been the I case on the Palmer frc m first to last, which, ! now 'John,' safe in his numerical superiority j and his firearms, is in the position, when lie wills it, to dictate to the European digger, and say, 1 So far shalt thou come and no I further." The Brisbane Courier publishes the manuscript diary of Milligan. the prospector of tiie new goldfield at Hodgkinson River, near Palmer. It does not at all confirm the glowing accounts received from the North respecting the alluvial diggings. Ilis party of three men got only three pounds' weight of gold in ten weeks. He reports that they never worked harder for a similar quan ity The field is long and narrow, and the gold is very patchy. The reefs are b dieved to be good. Milligan writes that it is a large reefing district, and that he never saw its equal as an untried field. A rush has commenced from Charters Towers and other northern fields, in consequence of the first account. A rash from the southern colonies is strongly deprecated. A suggestion that lias frequ-ntly been made in the newspaper that a sheet of brown paper used as a bed-covering, between or on the top of other wrappers, will impart additional warmth and be as serviceable as a blanket has been acted upon bv^ Mr. L-jder, who has taken out a patent fdrpaper blankets. They are perforated at distanc^L.®. of about four inches, in order to promote the ventilation which the density of the brown paper material interrupts. These paper blankets will be a great boon to the poor, and as they are clean, economical and ready for use in any emergency, they will be acceptable in hospitals, for the supply of which Mr. Loder has already obtained two or three contracts. In schools and ptivatd families their cleanliness and comfort will bring them into much service, and in hot climates, where blankets are liabk» to be infested with insects, these paper coverlet* will be found to be very de^r«J>ie. They will also be welcome for beiug light a* well as efficient. Prices are, 48 * 33 inoheft, per blanket, and the larger aizea 5d. and 6ct each —BritishMaiL One of the most revolting cage& eret chronicled was heard in the Sandhurst City Police Court on 16th insfc., in which a man named John DufiFus was charged with having carnally abused his daughter, Mary Ann Dnffus, a little girl under twelve year! of age, at the Bendigo Creek, where they resided, near Goornong. The poor little child, gave her evidence in a very clear and explicit manner, which was not shaken in the least during cross- examination. Her evidence was to the effect that her father (the prisoner) had, on the 27th of last January, committed the offence with which he was charged, and it was not until a considerable v time afterwards that Blie informed any person of her father's diabolical conduct, he W having threatened to take her life if the did so. As soon as she told her mother of tha fact, information was given to the polic and the futher was arrested. Another daughter of the prisoner's ibout sixteen yeara of age, whilst giving evidence relative to the offence, stated th*t she was rnccinte % her father being also the father of the child. She also admitted that she had been intimate with a man named Riley, in whose service she had been about twelve months ago. Tha details as given by the two girls were most sickening ; and if the evidence at the next Court of Assize, to which the prisoner wa« committed, be considered by the jury strung euough for a conviction, he well merits ths most severe sentence that the law can pass on him " There are at present in Cooktown." states a recent issue of the local Herald, " awaiting conveyance to Hongkong no lesa than 250 Chinamen, all of whom are returning to their own conntry, after having mads large and small piles at the Palmer •, for we are confident, and the manifest of the first Chinese vessel will prove it, that every one of these 250 Chinese will take away with him more or less gold, in proof of which we know of two Chinese firms having at the present moment no less than 2,740 ounces ia custody for safe keeping. There is not tha slightest doubt that the Chinese are making the Palmer pay, as, from conversations we have bsd with some European packers lately from the field, we find that the Celestial* are using every appli nee in the way of toms, sliuce- boxes, and improved cradles ia their manipulation of the dirt, taking everything on a face, and where Europeans could only realise a few dwt a Chinaman can with ease earn his £6 to £6 10s. per week, which to them is a fortun. Most of the returning Chinese are new chums, not having been in the colony mere than eight or nine months, and, notwithstanding their speedy return to the Flowery Land, express their intentions, of coming back and bring- ing their relations so satisfied are they with the prospects before them." The Border Watch says :—" Mr. Rober Gooc-h, farmer, Glenburnie, informs us that he 1ms just returned from an unsuccessful expedition to Adelaide to seli a flock of fat sheep. After taking his sheep to Wellington he opened communication with an Adelaide salesman for thc-ir disposal, but not getting any reply he put them into the hands of Mr. Cherit n. Strathalbyn. Mr. Cheriton then tried to induce theAdelaide salesmen to offer them, but without avail. Mr. Gooch meantime took his sheep on to Strafhalbyn, and on hearing the state of affairs went oa to Adelaide himself. He there found, ha SJ\ s. that some sort of league exists for preventing outsiders selling fat slie.-p in Adelaide, and that it was utterly hopeless to persevere in trying to get his sheep offered ; yet he found that, what were simply store sheep compared with his lot were being sold at 17s. per head. After his three hundred miles' drive, there was nothing for it but to head his slock for home again, and they are now on the way back to Mount Ganibier. This is a strange tule, and. icccpting it as true, we may ask—Are the Adelaide people aw.ire of the manner in which they are protected in the matter of fat mutt' n ? " The bunyip, once considered a creation of the blackfellows" terror, is now considerer," says the JJei/a tiuzclic, a reality. The lake on Mr. Whitely's property, at .JedIn t Jellat. has lona; been famous, or in- | famous, for mysterious noises, the cause of ; which has not been explained. Mr. Whitely ' informed us, on a recent visit, that one day I about six or seven months since, he and his I son were close to the lake when they ! saw what they took to be the 'old bull' disj porting himself in the water, but, as the boy [ said, if ?t was the bull he had changed hia shape, and looked more like a horse. Tha animal on perceiving the approach of-visitors took a " header," and shortly nft^r rose some distance further away, and after taking a look rourd again, made suh-aqusean tracks, and was seen no more until a fortnight ago, when one of Mr. Whitely's daughters observed a range object in a creek close fo the house. The little girl was conceal; d from the animal's gnze by a teat,ree scrub which here lines the creek, and she describes tho animal as like a ' small island coming to the top,' and that its head was like thai of a horse with the addition of the tusks G inches long proceeding from the upper jaw and overlapping the lower. It did not take her long make this survev. when she made for home at a rapid pace, and her looks of terror and her description of the sirango denizen of the waters have proved an effectual stopper io her brothers bathing in the lake again. Coming thus from an authentic source, and seen by three different people, we may consider ' our bunyip' an established fact." 