SPORTING NOTES PROM ENGLAND. \- By " Pod argus." Per Suez Mail. J LONDON, 27th October, 1S76. It is astonishing how good fortune invariably attends some folks, while others equally skilled never appear to do well. Therefore, one might readUy suppose that in matters appertaining to the turf, it as, perhaps, better to be born lucky than rich. Such, indeed, is the case with Mr. \ v | I t m dames Smith, who, some years ago, with the pro. fits of his book, backed up)by Hartington's Cesare witch, was brought well to the fore among the list of fortunate ones, and to finally win another CeBare witch, as well as the Cambridgeshire, with one horse, and in the same year, was a feat hitherto unknown in the annals of racing. Rose bery, as my readers will have gathered bom my last communication, cantered away with the Ces are witch , and thereby raised his weight by the aid of a 14lb penalty to Safe 5lb for the shorter race. With such an impost, mest of the old judges persisted to the fall of the flap that as the trick never had been accomplished, Rosebery was not likely to break the spell j but the owner himself was most confident, and backed him again for thousands doling the week ®». curolf war pUHdoa ife! k ' ' Sl,geL ¥?> »> ! : lrad been beaten inn veiy hollow fJ„- '» > j&jsl; v « hw ahte;Snpani6n Catseye J m rritHt-211., while GurthV'TlI , blooih, Adfr&ntoj; Merry Dachas, C©rn % / Claremont were in turiis <iUole<i \t ' Nfl of 100 to 1. TJic Ghort, wlS w t„ - reputation of favouritism since the J I r ' of the weights, oc-j.isinna!lv- wa\xov,i\ ..two, but , all this only ,jlc w prMitli, -wh«i the Saturday before lutcly feared nothing but Catsfeve hih 1 1 1 finally passed I'hc Ghost in the ' i.uin operations of the week were coUe€f fl£ to many of the backers, and though 801 !f knocked-out ones retrieved then- hod 1 I assembled at head-quarters, reported SSI and hedpg of monej- goiflgon (rthercandidshJSI not m the least shake the opinion Mr f5mHI already formed of Rosebery, who,' Cesarewitch victory, had presented 2IIh I beating to Biantyre in a spin at LambouruSi which ultimately caused the withdrawal 2 ? I Utter. The pen too was also put thronS ?l names of Kisber, Cambailo, John Dav B v I andConrtomer TbeFrench, whohaveSSl years displayed a hkmg for the HoughtonS?! were rep resented bj Pensacola, CommanSI and j onvHie when the time arrived in i to which Count Lagrange started' a cll Braconmer and Gavarni, and a dechEl was made m favour of the lastonjl Besides Count Lagrange e division, othentol more than one string to their bow, for BlantT I was represented by Hopbloom, Tassel an A T? I Ghost j H. Woolcott by CatSye, CS| and Litis ; Jos Hay hoe by Ceooaai. Coeruleus ; W. Goater by Sutherland and Wood. 1 lands; Viney by Conductor and Ironstones Jo. I Dawson .by St. Leger, Lacyj and Duchess. Of these, Blanton folks thought m I of The Ghost, of whom it was said to be puttins B in Lowlander about Sst. Woolcott, of conn? B relied on Catseye. Goater had tried SutherlaS B better, at the weights, than, the second in th Cesarewitch ; and although lame a week am® Merry Duchess was the selected one hnol Joseph Dawson's trio. Of the single- handed fl division; a good deal was thought of Vri,j fl good-looking soil of Thiinierbolfc, and the us I may be said of Telescope, who it was thongH fl had returned to his two-year-old" form. Pint# fl too, had pleased the Epsom folks, while Sky.' I lark carried most weight of the three-year-elde, fl and was fancied by Matthew Dawsoaa con. I nections, as well as those who follow the rnonnti fl of F. Archer, who has ridden no fewer than 167 fl races this season. Altogether a field of thirty. I two catiie in opposition, this being five less than last year, and three less than when Feutetre carried the prize to France in 1874 ; and al> I though on the present occasion there was anev system of drawing for places at the starting I post, in consequence of there being an advan- 1 tage in getting on the right-hand side, and I coming along the well-known Shepherd's track, I that has often assisted a Cambridgeshire win I ner to success, no one seemed to grumble, how- I ever, at their places when allotted, but Pluton I had the inside berth, with Newport next, while I Rosebery occupied a position in the centre be I tween Skylark and The Ghost. I Cambridgeshire Stakes, of 25 sovs each, 10 1 ft., with 300 added. Winners extra. Second | -received 100 sovs ; third saved stake. Cam I bridgeshire course (one mile 240 yards), 206 I subs, eighty of whom paid 5 sovs each. I Mr j. Smitn'e be Rosebey, by Speculnm-jjdy. like, 4 yrs, 8st 51b (including 14lb extra) Constable 1 Sir J. d. ABtley'a b c Hopbloom, by rarmesan- «r nisaunoe, 3 yre, 7et 21b 1 I Mr W. B. Marshall's br f Liris, by King Victor- ScyUa, 3 yrs, 6st 81b „ - I The following also ran : — Coomassie, 4 9st 41b ; Coeruleus, 4 yrs, Sst 71b ; Claremont, 4 yrs, Sst 31b; Skylark, 3 yrs, Sst; Sun Leger, 4 yrs, Sst ; Woodlands, 4 yrs, ost ; ca connier, 3 yrs, 7st 121b ; The Ghost, 4 yrs, / 91b ; Vril, 5 yrs, 7st 61b ; Gavarni, 9 m 51b ; PensacoU, 4 yrs, 7st lib ; Pjon1 1 5 yrs, 7st lib ; Commandeur, 3 yjl 7st; Lacy, 5 yrs, 7st ; Conductor, 4 m J I 101b; Ironstone, 4 yrs, 6st 101b; .1 Duchess, 3 yrs, 6st 101b ; Pluton, 3 yrs, W# » I Telescope, 4 yrs, 6st Sib ; Newport, o y , Sib (including 101b extra) ; Advanec, ) y > 51b ; Footstep, 3 yrs, 6st 51b; I 6st 4lb ; Lord Lincoln, 3 yrs, 6st 41b , Uteeye, | 4 yrs, 6st 21b (carried 6st 31b) ; Tassel, 0 1 6st 21b ; Brother to Koyal George, 3 y". I 131b; Sutherland, 3 yrs, fist 101b; St Agues, 3 yrs, Sst 101b. fl The position of the market at starting fl follows : — 4 to 1 each agst Ibbery . eye, 11 to 2 agst The Ghost 100 1 to 6 « Sutherland, 20 to 1 agst Merry Daches oO 1 each agst Pluton, Telescope, an 100 to 3 agst Vril, 40 to 1 each agst fljUJ | Pensacola, and Tassel, 50 to_l eAcb. B mont, Coomassie, Skylark, Lord Lw » fl and Liris, 66 to 1 each aggt | Brother to Royal George, 100 to l fiTJ Gavarni and Commandeur. Only I false attempts preceded the start, an j Word was given Newport at onoadre his horses, with Vril on the with The Ghost, Pensasola, aadReWiy prominent of the remainder, - I Duchess, Skylark, Gavarni, the I noticeable. When ionrney lmd been traversed, Th igji H to show signals of distress, a",® . ifl with Rosebery that those who rod®, flor thought his chance was almost hopeiw« ever, Constable steadied him, .and then P | his way through agam, i Duchess fl the Red Post, where both Merry D Skylark were beaten. Hopbloom, hi time, had taken his colours to the | Pensacola, Coomassie, Liris, d K fl attendance, until half way tbe | Liris looked for a moment Idee gjfl fielders a turn, but Hopbloom and | few strides further on came away, bery getting his head in frone leng I won an exciting race by a neck, ro off, Liris was third, six lengths in free I I rni, who was fourth, uhth Pensacola j omassiesixth, all 1 Dnchess, Footstep, and St. Aes, named, whilst the last lot, bailed jfl were Ironstone, Jonville, Tescopep Conductor, and Claremont. _ llseo.; value of the stakes, £2,31 . I The fact of Rosebery f/0 I race bo easily, caused I him henTwd among b other than the Prince of ffl to m the race. The» WM » I®0® # 1 " " 1m W<®w ho Wpaarod q4mj>i& cl i®>'e «me ta for « muck ctulajtiii, Archer did when he won on the eon of Siw.ii lnm a fortttfoht ago ; bat Archer would E foTsuM >M hnuth .Uiming him for Skylark. Constable, As in U leii£ll-rtt'0ruld tt an<5 Mr. Smith s liberality does not end here, for , W ?any f to friends stood With him m the large fortune (£70,000 it is Said), he has landed over the two races, and it is not improbable that he will retife with m Unprecedented siicCefcs. All that miv be said tff thb others is, that it is a little singular that Lins should have finished so far in front of her stable companions, Lord Lincoln and Catseve the latter of whom- was beaten from start,te finish, while ilopbloom, in running second showed that he stayed better than The Ghost' the most favourably handicapped horse in the race, but one who the Admiral declared he would e it if ever he got more than six furlongs. Coo- massie ran a great mare under her Weight and While Vrii would have been siiited by a shorter distance, ic is pro Da Die that the course was barely long enough for Merry Duchess. Although the Cambridgeshire forms the piece de resistance of the Houghton week, there were no fewer than fifty-eight events in the programme including such rich two-year-old races as the Criterion, and the Dewhurst Plate. The first of these was decided on Monday, and though eight runners only, the handsome Verneuil, by Mortemer out ofRegalia, and Jongleur, by MarS nut of Joliette, both French-bred, were fancied ftud the two finished a long way in front of their "opponents. Verneuil, trained at Newmarket, was best favourite, but the other oue, who has never tasted defeat, made nearly all the running, and won by three parts of a length. Time' lmin. 27isec. Value of the stakes, £94o! Plunger was engaged for this event, but as he was interfered with in the Middle Park Plate Mr. Baltazzi decided to reserve him for the Dew- hiirst Plate, and he was setvfed Up a tVariii favourite In donseqiienCe. Etowever, as in the Blenkiron prize, he failed to get home, and Chamant, now conceding him more weight, again proved successful. The Frenchman being engaged in the Two Thousand, Derby, and Leeer, he i£ certain to be the winter favourite and without something turns up from the dark division, it is just possible, he may rep'e&t; the Gladiateur coup for Goftut IiagHLnge. 