. STORY OF BASgET. . . . JFrem Chamber*! Journal.]. .L. The story of Basset illustrates convict life, and is otherwise enrious. . The father of this wayward youth had been the blacksmith of the village, and.died when he was a child. His mother was a woman of a kind heart, an «asy disposition, and a weak will. She exercised little control over .her son, who, as he grew up, was allowed to do much as he pleased. He was a bold, active^ restless, and withal somewhat wilful boy, the first among his companions in every legitimate village paEtime, and generally the first also in every mischievous prank and unlawful -escapade. Quite undisciplined, and following in all things his own. will and pleasure, "he had not a bad or callous hearty- and after his own wild, boyish fashion, loved his mother. After a long widowhood, Mrs. Basset married again, and young Basset found in his new father one of as strong a will as himself. It was soon evident that the two could never live together on terms of agreement, and the stepfather determined that the boy must leave the house; ' He therefore apprenticed him on board a man- of-war, and young Basset took his departure. For a little time, while the novelty of the thing lasted, he liked his new life, but before very long he~began to weary of it. His previous life had been the worst of schooling for the enforced discipline of the navy. He chafed at the restraint and control, longed once more to be his own master, and resolved to escape from what he had grown to regard as a .bondage, -on the iirst occasion that offered. Such an opening as he sought was longer inarriving than he had; anticipated,, but at last hie thought it hadcome. A part of the crew of the vessel in which' he served mutinied, and Basset engaged himself in the conspiracy, with the hope that it would prove successful, and afford him an opportunity for obtaining the freedom he yearned for. But the plot miscarried, and the mntineers were one and all sentenced to "transportation. It might have been thought that Basset would have jnade an unruly and difficult prisoner, butitwas not so. He was naturally of quick perceptions, and his period of man-of-war service had had the effect ^ of teaching him a certain amount of foresight and self- control. He soon took in the conditions of his-position. He saw and heard of many instances of men who, by quiet con- duct, ha(J. gained their freedom long before the term of their transportation was completed, and he knew of some of these same men who had attained in a short space to independence and comfort - He saw'that a mitigation of sentence followed upon good conduct, not'in exceptional cases, but as the rule, and he resolved to act accordingly. He would not chafe or rebel against his present fate, but bear patiently, keeping always steadily in view the end at winch he was aiming.. Freedom wafe a passion in this man's nature, and the-very longing for. it now helped him in his' determination to "preserve a quiet and orderly demeanour, as the surest and speediest means of winning his liberty. For a ldng while this resolve held good. Basset's conduct was uniformly satisfactory. He was reserved and silent in his manner, and those in authority over him thought him sullen and moody, bnt otherwise , they had no fault to find. S6 things went, on with Basset until a circumstance occurred which was again to change the current of his life. He was at this time one of a gang of prisoners employed in building a bridge across a river. One day some, failure in his duty on the part of Basset brought upon him the censure of the overseer. The thing had happened through ao wilfulness of the man's, not even through carelessness, bnt was dae wholly to inadvertence. '-But the overseer was in an irritable mood, his temper had been otherwise tried that morning, and his rebuke was sharp and peremptory. Basset received it in silence; but the suddenly darkening visage, which he could not wholly hide, did not escape _ the overseer. It magnified the prisoners fault in his eyes, and it now appeared clear to him that thiB-was a case that demanded some sharper treatment than mere words. He wrote the following note, addr essed to the Magistrate of the neighbouring township, and gave it to Basset , to deliver i— •• Dear Sir—Please order the bearer (Now 78), twenty lashes, -and oblige yours, very truly." This was a form of epistle very common in those days. The power of administration in regard to the flogging of title convicts was vested in the Magistrates. Basset delivered the note, received his lashes as per order, and retained to work. Next night No. 73 was missing from the camp. He had made his escape to the woods. The man's naturally' hot and.hasty spirit had been again roused j by the injustice which he had received, and his former resolves had given away. He had never been flogged before; during hia sea-life, his quick temper and impatience of authority had never led him into any indis- | cretion punishable by the lash ; his -Jinal ) transgression had brought its own prescribed j penalty. Search was made for Basset with all the vigour and vigilance which at that tiirie attended the pursuit of escaped convicts-; but in this instance it proved fruitless. The sumtunding country had but recently been opened up, and was as; yet little known. ( Basset got clear -way to the woods, and .penetrating daily deeper into the fastnesses of the rtf forest, fell X^I 1 in r with _J1L a _ small 11 tribe i •! " of » blackfellows, with whom he at once cast in his lot. He knew that this would be the surest of all means which he could adopt to make good his escape. His new acquaintances extended to him all the hospitality within their knowledge, and- their unsuspicious demeanour won his confidence. Mingling with the uncouth savagery of their life he found gentler traits of character, which made existence among them tolerable.' TTi> life now approximated, as nearly as possible, to that of those around him. He soon 'spoke their language, learned to hunt-and trap the wild animals which supplied them with food — he kangaroo, the wallaby, and the native bear ; learned to lure the bird to the snare by the simulated call and whistle^ .taught - himself to shoot with the bow, to hurl the boomerang and the javelin, to spear the fish in the river, to fashion cunningly with his own hand the rude but deadly implements of the chase; and in all these, and the various other arts of Bavage life, he became as skilful as the most expert of those about him. Erelong, too, the ascendancy of his higher race exerted and manifested its influence. Tacitly, his dark-skinned companions confessed his supremacy, obeyed his will, and established him as their leader and king. Basset was now tasting freedom in its most unrestricted forms, and for a time he enjoyed it keenly, yielding himself with heart and mind to its wild delights, its unfettered abandon, and freedom from all care beyond the day. The nomadic inBtinct, which is inherent, though often dormant,' in most men, and which was especially strong in him, now had full Bcope and liberty. The authority, too, which he exercised over his svrarthy comrades in the camp and the chase sweetened his wild existence. But the time came when these pleasures palled upon him. The companionship of his uncouth though faithful followers grew irksome to him, and the power he wielded over them lost its zest. He cast about how he might best escape from the tribe, and was at last successful in luding them. He buried himself in the s xicessess of a remote mountain gully, which he be had one dav day bv by chance wandered into > during a solitary hunting expedition, and of the existence of whica he felt certain that hie companions were ignorant. The b)ack men sought their miagirig chief in vain, and then mourned for him as dead. It was a wild, lonely, yet beffutiful spot Tvhich Basset had made his tetreat; a deep and narrow reft in the heart of the hills. The njopntaisB, steep, high, and rugged, walled it ii) oh every Bide, and at its bottom flowed a bright and rapid torrent. The vegetation was of supreme inxnriance and beauty; a . matted network of trailing greenery bound the forest together in one impenetrable mass. It was a spot where the virgin forest had n^ver yetbeea touched by thewhite man's axe or the black man's hunting-knife; Where probably no human foot had trod before Bisaet's; where, perhaps, the echoes had slumbered unawakene'd, save by the ciy of wild birds, since the creation. Basset cleared a Bpace on a email, grassy plateau at the head of: the gully, and here, with the stems of f»lien gum-trees, withes of the willow, jand clay from the bed of the stream, built him- ,eelf a hut. About him and above this pines and the sheaoaks waved and Bang, the torrent sang beneath. Soon he began to feel the want of sufficient occupation. To one of hifi restless activity of mind and body inaction was a burden. The capture of suoh a-nimula and birds as he -required for food .employed but a small part of the day. He did not usually stray far outside the confines of his mountain valley,- lest he Bhould again meet with any of his late companions; but one day he had wandered a long way beyond the boundaries of the gorge. He had left the mountains behind, and had descended upon the plain. Wandering cm, with no fixed purpose in his mind, he came npon a solitaty homestead standing in the midst of a level, well-grassed country, sparely sprinkled with woodland. It was the dwelling of Hugh Kavanagh, a spirited and adventurous squatter, who, seeking new and wider pastures for his increasing flocks, had pushed farther and farther into the interior of the country, until his last, and what he thought wonld behis final resting-place was one of the remotest stations in the. colony. As Basset contemplated the home of Mr. Kavanagh. and its surroundings—the garden in front, and the Bmall farmyard and outhouses in the rear, an air of thriving and civilized comfort pervading the whole—an idea took possession of' him. Concealing himself' in 1 the neighbourhood he waited till nightfalL 1 When aiL lights had been ^extinguished in the house, and everything seemed quiet and at rest,. Basset stole from Ms hiding-place. First he entered one of the out-houses, and stealthily explored itB interior. It was a bright moonlight night — a circumstance which assisted nim greatly in his enterprise. At one end of the place he found a goat and two kids, and at the other several lambs with their mothers. He took the goat and its kids. • Then he entered the garden in front of the house, and gathered several plants of flowers and vegetables, carefully taking them up by the roots. He was guided by no choice in the matter, selecting the plants as they came, but he made no wanton destruction among them, taking as many only as he wanted. Withdrawing with his stolen booty he placed the plants in his game-bag, slung the goat and the kids on his shoulder, and made his way back to his mountain home. A few nights after he returned to ; the scene of his depredations, and repeated his former exploit. He mow took a sheep and two lambs; and besides these a spade and a hoe, and a quantity of different kinds of gram from the stalls. Basset had now 1 the means of creating occupation for himself. He tilled the little plateau on which bis hut was raised, and planting his flowers and sowing his grains, he cultivated, tended, and nursed the patch of ground morning and night with assiduous care. The copious dews of evening watered it, the soil was rich in its virgin strength, and in no long time a garden blossomed and smiled, and a little corn-field waved like a golden billow around the log-hat. ' For his kids.andlamba Basset built a small fold; the | creatures multiplied until a flock demanded his further care. The pleasure and pride of ownership which he now experienced in the possession of his garden, his field, and his live stock, was a new and very agreeable feeling to him. He enjoyed perfect freedom, together with a certain sense of civilization. He was dependent npon no man;' he was entirely self-sufficing and selfsupporting. Now and then, indeed, at long intervals, he paid a visit to Mr. Kavanagh's station, and — well, stole several articles which it was beyond his resources r— ' to * produce " himself. On one occasion, finding the family all from home during the ha day, a™ he entered 4.1.I the house itself, and took thence a number of books. To the reading of these he gave himself in the hot summer noons and the long winter evenings. They were an odd ana miscellaneous assortment, for he had picked them np promiscuously from Mr. Kavanagh's tables and shelves as they came to his hand. But Basset read and re-read them, whether fact or fancy, without much thought of discrimination nntil he knew a great part of their contents by heart. Thus the hermit lived, solitary, but sufficing for all things in himg^ and for five years he was contented and happy. He thought he could live thas for ever; bat he was mistaken. The life he had been leading for the last five years had unconsciously to himself been working a gradual bat decided change in the man's nature. Win life with the blacks had rather tended to develop all that was wild, reckless, bold, and headstrong in his nature. He had given full rein to the nomadic bias within ninn • his heart had pulsed in /accord with the untamed hearts of those around him; exulting in the same fierce joys, ruling over his companions chiefly by the exercise of a more domitable will. The influences that now operated upon him were almost all of a diverse kind. His occupations were of a tranquil and peaceful sort; for he now hunted very little, his garden, his sheep, and his ?oats supplying him with the greater part of iis daily food. In the pursuit of these tranquillising employments his blood cooled, his pulse grew calmer, his spirit less hasty and restless. A change was coming over him, Basset sat in his cabin in the long nights, and, in the pauses of his reading, listened to the wild commotion outside—to the wind, now tearing and shrieking amid the rocks and the shuddering trees; now sobbing and moaning in a weird, half-human voice; how creeping dose up to his door, and whispering hoarsely under the lintel, as though half begging, half commanding admittance. These wind-voices, together with the voice of the torrent, took various and many shapes in his mind, aud laid hold of his imagination. Ameng the books which he had taken from Mr. Kavanagh's house was one of German legends, grim, fantastic stories of the mysterious and the supernatural. On stormy nights, sitting by his lonely wood fire, his fancy peopled the tumultuous elements outside with the strange beings of these old legions ; he could imagine a legion of storm-spirits abroad on the wind, to whose turbulent dominion the valley had for the time been surrendered. On calm nights he would walk along the gorge, but it was a lonely sort of pastime. The wan wintry moonlight filled the place with a weird eerie sheen, and the gum- trees glimmered on every ide, white and haggard looking, like melan- 1 choly ghosts. Gradually these influences had an awing msino «fFw>i effect Tinnn upon Basset's Rasnot-'a mind. The Tu- intense solitude of the mountains, which in stormy seasons became desolation, was beginning to overpower, and almoBt to cow him. Whatever of wilfulness and stubborn resistance was innate in him, was tamed and subdued. He now acknowledged no human master, and the stern impassive forces of nature were overmastering him. His lonely liberty was making him a grave, thoughtful, and joyless man. He went about his daily occupation in his garden, his 'field, and among his.animals, but they were ceasing to yield him the satisfaction and the pleasure which they had once done. He betook himself more and more to his books, among which were a " Pilgrim's Progress", and an odd volume of Shakspeare. These he pon< dered and brooded over, and though blundering sometimes in their interpretation, came, nevertheless, to a pretty clear general understanding of what he read. Seven years in alliie passed in his valley, seven golden summers, seven stormful and dreary winters, and then the solitude had fairly overmastered him. Absolute freedom had worn him out. It was again summer, a calm and beautiful evening in November. Mrs. Kavanagh sat at the door of her house, working at some piece ot sewing, watching the sunset, and awaiting the return of her nuBband from his day's occupation. Her two children, a boy and girlt played together near at hand. As she looked up ever and anon, to view the facing sunset, and to gaze in the direction whence her huBband should appear, a figure came suddenly into her field of vision, emerging from the scattered clumps of woodland that fringed the horizon line. It could not be her husband, for it was the figure of a pedestrian. It advanced steadily, and the clearer its ontlines became the more unfamiliar it looked to Mrs. Kavanagh'a eyea. When at length she made out distinctly the appearance of the stranger some slight dis* composure mingled with her wonder. The man advanced till within half a dozen yards of where she sat, and then paused. For a woman Mrs. Kavanagh was not easily frightened. The wife of an Australian buskwoodsman in those days Bometimes felt the advantage of a steady heart and nerve, and. frequently acquired both. Bat Mrs. Kavanagh'a pulse quickened and her heart beat faster ag she regarded the.Btrange figure before her, clad in rough goat-Bkins, with , . ,» "r.}? 1 - , --- Jong thick hair felling over Tus shottLders, ft face worn and haggard with solitude, halfhidden in a dark flowing growth of beard.; The children were crouching about their 1 mother's knees—the girl hidden completely amid the folds of her areas, the' boy peeping timidly forth with eyes of startled wonder. Yet Basset had not a repulsive face, and his fotm was straight and shapely. He' was) still in the prime of life, and the influences' that had furrowed and aged his face had not' bent his body. A painter might have taken' him as he stood as a model for the prophet' John, worn oat with the wilderness and long preaching, and not have needed to idealise much. His eyes had a hollow, wearied look, bat were not wild. He paused a few moments before he spoke, and then said—"Is the master at home, missis No; but I expect him every minute," Mrs. Kavanagh replied. "Then, with your leave, missis, I'll wait for him;" and without speaking more, Basset seated himself on tits ground. _ At that moment Mrs. Kavanagh caught eight of her husband advancing rapidly on horseback. She went forward with the two, children to meet him;'and Kavanagh checked his horse, and alighted as they approached. ' "Hugh," said Mrs. Kavanagh quickly, here is _ a man wishing to see yon—a strange, wild-looking creature, -1 never saw before." In another moment this two men stood face to face. " fcJister,". begaa Basset, with a slight motion of his hand, indicative of a desire to, be allowed to speak first, "my name is Basset. I am a convict,^a lag. I escaped twelve years a^o. Some'll say that was wrong; maybe it was, add maybe they'd have done the same, if they'd been me. Bat let that go. Pve been living in the woods ever since—a long time with the blacks, a longtime by myself, as you see me. Maybe you will wonder when I tell you I have got a good many things together up there in the mountains. Well, I stole 'em—I stole 'em from you; came down here, and took 'em away at night, but, as Heaven is my witness, 1 never took more'n I needed; and now you can have 'em, most all, back again. Some of ^ tbing^, the sheep and the goata, has ™ ore ? trebled. I'm tired out living alone, I I ve given in. Yon can do with me as von you like, master: keep me about the place, if you can; give me up to the beaks, if you must." Basset spoke in a quiet oomposed voice, but as he uttered his last words there was a slightly eager, questioning look in his eyea. Kavanagh was surprised, perplexed. True, the man had confessed that he had more than once robbed him, bat Kavanagh felt thankful that he had done no more. He might have visited the house in his absence and murdered his wife and n.hildr^. Kavanagh every now and then heard of sach things, deeds of rathless cruelty done by escaped convicts, men who turning bashrangers held the parts of the country which they frequented in terror by the audacity of their Crimes, nntil recaptured or reduced to surrender bystarvation. But this m*™ had lived, ; seemingly, a very different kind of life* and had done no worse than steal a few things from him, the want of which had never been felt. Moreover, he seemed thoroughly tamed and subdued by the life he had lea. Kavanagh had a warm and generous Irish heart, and Basset's story awoke in him sympathy and interest. But he was in donbt how to act, What do you want me to do for you, my man ?> he asked at length. "Could ye keep me about the station, master—shepherding or such?" queried Basset hesitatingly. " That would hardly do ; against law, you know," replied Kavanagh doubtfully. "Yes, so I suppose. Well, do what you please, master." "I'll toy and do my best for you," pursued Kavanagh. "You can stay here to-night, and I'll think the matter over before the morning." That night Kavanagh and his wife deliberated the matter gravely, and agreed finally as to what was best to be done. Early next day Kavanagh started for Hobart Town. He was a well-known man in the colony, an old settler, a rich man now, whose wealth gave him position and influence, while his personal qualities made him respected and liked. He laid Basset's case before the authorities, and pleaded the cause of the escaped convict with earnestness and wisdom * and he was successful. The law was merciful,' and Kavanagh returned home with a free pardon for his client. For several years Basset remained on Mr. Kavanagh's run as one of the regular station hands. During that time he remained always the same—docile, trustworthy, and hardworking, genuinely grateful for his changed lot. When, in 1853, the transportation of criminals to Tasmania ceased Mr. Kavanagh offered him a piece of land in the vicinity of Hobart Town, and proposed to him that he should turn market-gardener. The idea was to Basset a congenial one, and he immediately accepted Mr. Kavanagh's offer. Years went by, and he prospered antil he had made for himself a moderate competence, and his name ciprie to be spoken of with honour and respect, IJE there be any among our readers who have ever visited the beautiful little Tasmaniaa capital they will remember how the town is girdled with pleasant and smiling orchards, lying along the dopes of the adjacent hills. Ahy one of these may have been theproperty and contained the home of Basset the exconvict. 