THE WILKINS ON HEM OIlTkL. The 17th o£ October, 1876—the first anni versary of the death of the Rev. .George Wil kinson, the late incumbent of Trinity .Chupcli —was signalised in Williamstown by the inauguration of a drinking fountain, erected at the east corner of the reserve, Nelson place, in memory of a life that among other good works was successfully spent in the cause of temperance extending over a period of six teen years. At an early hour in the after noon the shops in the Front, in compliance with the request of the committee and the Council, were closed, and although the half holiday was not observed at the Govern ment departments, business was pretty gene rally suspended throughout the town. De spite the threatening looks of a lowering, leaden sky, between three and four o'clock the children from the various Sunday schools, numbering some sixhundred, were assembled at the fountain to await the arrival of the Bishop of Ballarat from Melbourne. At the same time a large concourse, consisting chiefly of ladies, thronged the several ap proaches to the monument, and every posi tion of advantage—the balconies and win dows over the places of business in the Front —was crowded with fair and eager onlookers. Dr Thornton, who was accompanied by . several clergymen ,o£ Melbourne, arrived by . the Gem at half-past four o’clock, and was on 1 landing at the Steamboat pier received by the [ Mayor and Council, Mr Peid and his fellow . members of Uje .committee. Having retired . for a few minutes to the .Custom Houge, they , with the clergymen of Wiliiamstown took up t their respective positions round the fountain, j Mr II. It. Reid with the Bishop on his right 3 occupied the chair, which was placed on a I small platform, and from which the several speakers addressed their large audience. The r proceedings were opened by the Sunday s school children singjng the hymn, “The = mothers of Salem." The elements, as if t sympathising with the,accomplished object qf the committee, opened their windows, and e .the seyeral speakers had to address the spec e tutors in a steady downpour of rain. ’, .The Chairman in the ponrse of hisopening il speech said that when a short year ago i r citizen, who left nqithey an error nor a wrong 5, behind him, was called to his rest, a public •- meeting was held to consider in what mannei :e his memory should be perpetuated. On tin 2- motion of the Per. John Clark it was reoolvet 'hat the memorial should take the shape of a Irinking fountain. A committee was ap ncinted, subscription lists opened, and flic re sult was the fountain which they saw before them, and to which even the pence of the children contributed no inconsiderable sum, testifying their belief of the worth of the de parted clergyman. He observed the weight which was given to the occasion by the as -eniblcd dignitaries of the church, and stated that the philanthropy which characterised the Rev. Cieorge Wilkinson was neither nar row nor sectarian, but was extended to all in the spirit of his Great Master. Mr Peter Power read the financial state ment of the fund, stating that the receipts were £105 5s lid ; expenditure, £95 5s od; leaving a balance of £10 Os Gd in the bank, with which it is proposed to erect an ornamental fenco round the memorial. He further stated that Mr Egan, architect, had gratuitously given his services, and Mr Moss, lighterman, had in the same generous man ner brought the fountain from Sandridge, which greatly reduced their expenses. He returned thanks to the subscribers for the liberal way in which they had contributed to the cause. The Bishop of Ballarat then addressed the meeting. He said that the committee had done him a high honour in selecting him to occupy a position which he held undeservedly; but lie was sure that no one could have been selected who had a deeper, or sincerer in terest in the object which had brought them together. He did not know the late Rev. George Wilkinson for any length of time, but from all that lie had heard of him he was persuaded that lie did not exceed the truth, and that all present heartily agreed when he stated that not only Williamstown but the colony at large at his death lost a good, faithful, anti devoted man. This feeling to wards him having been universal, they de sired it to pass into some definite act—to run it into a mould—or assume the shape of a me morial to consolidate that feeling, and hand it down to posterity. In memory of such a man, a more appropriate form could not have been selected than that of a drinking fountain—a tlowing stream that would b free to all. He alluded to the large- hearted kindness of character of the deceased, which was not confined to classes or sects, but em braced the whole brotherhood of man s o much that he did not consider any work too much for him. He considered the opening of th« fountain an honour to Almighty God as well as to the memory of a good man. Before handing it over to the Mayor, he would taste the quality of the water; for he believed if it contained anything that bit like a serpent or stnng Uke an adder, the Rev. George Wilkinson would be disturbed even in bis grave. He would do so also to assure the public that it was wholesome water that flowed from the Wilkinson Memorial Drink ing Fountain. [Having paused a few seconds with the sample in his hand in order that tlie scene migiit be photographed, the Bishop declared the fountain open, which was fol lowed by three cheers from the large assem blage.] He requested the Mayor to accept tlie fountain, and hoped that those who came there to slake their thirst would affectionately remember him in whose memory it was erected. The Mayor in a few well chosen words, with pleasure accepted the trust, and hoped that his successors would do their duty in its maintenance and protection. The children here sang a second hymn— “ Gather by the river.” The Rev. John Clark said that he had been associated with the Rev. George Wilkinson during the whole of his (the speaker’s) resi dence in Williamstown, and was intimately connected with him in the work of the mini stry. As he had only five minutes to speak, he could not in that time give an adequate idea of the late Rev. George Wilkinson. He hoped that time would never come when a Goth or Vandal band would injure the monu ment which they so much valued. Antici pating tlie day when the Front would become the busy scene of workshop and wharf, he hoped that the thirsty workmen drinking at the fountain would bear in grateful remem brance the Rev. George Wilkinson. The Eev. J. J. McGillicuddy was the next speaker. He said that he considered it a distinguished honour to be present to address the grateful people of Williamstown, who had ereeted a memorial to one of their greatest benefactors. He regretted that the worry of a bazaar had pre-occupied his mind ; yet there was a freshness of thought and ideas surrounding the occasion, which afforded intense pleasure to take part in that glorious ceremony, that did honour to a clergyman—a gentleman—whose faculties of soul and body were exercised to bring peace to the troubled home—to reclaim the sinner from his vices, and to establish the love of Jesus Christ in that community. Quoting an English poet, he said that his life was gentle, and the ele ments were so mixed in him that nature might stand up and say, that was a man. He hoped his example would be followed by other clergymen, his idea being to establish a grcatJChristian brotherhood, and in that sense looked upon ail men. flic Rev, J. J. Halley said that when he arrived in tlie Bay from his tour in Europe, and heard that the Rev, Georgo Wilkinspn was dead, it cast a gloom over his spirits, which after a time only counteracting influ ences removed. They were all there to bear testimony to his worth, and he was sure that every one echoed the sentiments which they had heard from the several speakers that had preceded him. Their loss was his gain, and he had gone to his reward to obtain a crown of glory. The Rev. J. Ilarcourt felt it a privilege to express his reverence for the memory of the Rev. George Wilkinson. He was the first clergyman ,whq greeted bis (tlje speaker’s) arrival in Williamstown; and from ills well* j known fame he cordially endorsed all that had been said of him. He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith, and worthy of the honour given him that day. The Rev. Mr Berks, of Melbourne, said that he was very thankful that one of the first public drinking fountains which had been ereeted in the colony was to the memory of a minister of Christ. His intercourse with him whom they that day honoured was one of unbroken Christian friendship. He was the first in all work that tended te. lessen the misery and increase the happiness of man. The monument, which had been erected to commemorate a man imbued with a Cathplic spirit, in an appropriate way was .there (<? slake tije thirst of men coming from every clime, jje concluded by hoping that the life and labours of the (Jepgrfpd wpuld be a tradition in the town in which be was so highly esteemed. The chairman apologised for the absenoo of the Rev. J. Bayley. whe was then in the country. Canon Serjeant said that it was a gratify ing spectacle to witness so large an assembly in which there were many clergymen doing honour to the memory of a good man. After remarking on the appropriate memorial in i memory of a man who practised the rigid \- temperance he taught,' he concluded an cx . cellent speech rejoicing that the fountain \- was open and free to every passer by. : The Chairman paid a well deserved com l jdiment to Mr Cerutty, the committee’s secre tary, attributing the success of thmovement in a great moastfre to his tnergiennd cnlled on him to move a vote of thtks to Dr Thornton. ' Mr Cerutty in doing so Slid thtvhe Bishop in order to be there that day luubme from Sydney earlier than he intruded,ml conse quently had a special claim upon icm. Mr Jobson seconded the moti, which was responded to with three heartcheers. The Bishop replied, stating that: rejoiced in having had a hand in adding armament to our streets, which gave a stri ng proof that Victorians were ready' to do hor to the noble and true. The Benediction haviug been paounced, three cheers were given for the ten, and after a vote of thanks was pass to the Chairman, the large meeting sepaiedn 