POLICE STORIES: By W. W. THE DEAD ACCUSER. ' Well again ?" " Naturally Hooked up nt the old place In passing, and when I _ came within view of the digger's window I saw something moving as plain, as I see you, I pulled back a bit ana watched, and I saw tlicn that it was some thing in the form of a man, standing at the window with afacc as white as any sheet." " And that was your ghost." ' What do you think it was ?" " Some fellow shaking the few things in the room. As long as we hnd ehargo of them they were all right, but it serves Cleland riqht if ho bns'nt tnken them out as soon as tho inqnest was over." They're not Cleland's they're mine, and as far as I'm concerned any one's welcome totbemforthe taking, I wouldn't uso them bed things for nny money : but it was no lifter I saw, for lie stood there full twenty minutes and stared at mo. There was no thing but tho lamplight, but the face looked awfully like the dead man's. I might have stood there till now only that tho vision, or whatever it was, lifted up its arms and tos sed them about wildly and then let Buch a groan ont of it that I took to my heels and ran down four blocks." I laughed loudly at Wellar.d's face of con sternation whioh sadly displeased him. " Some busy body is trying to frighten the neighborhood with a ghost." I said " but it wont be good for their bones if I catch them at it, and I'll tell you what I'll do, 1 11 apply to bo sent back to that beat to-morrow night, and I'll watch." 1 "AU right," said Welland "I'll look yoa np about) ghost time," and he went away leaving me to my lonely duty. . I easily got back to my beat on the fol lowing night, after explaining my reasons to the- sergeant : but, in consequence of the change ef duty, I didn't get on until abont Boven o'clock and it was getting dusk, The first thing, I did was to take an opportunity when I thought no ono was observing mo, and climb up to the interesting window to sco in (what oonditiou the'room was, and if it hero any traces of a nocturnal visitor. There was still enough of light to let mo see that everything was apparently as I hAd seen it last. Wo had removed tho blood stained sheet aud cover, as evidence for tho inquest, but the flock mattress yet lay on tho iron stretcher with n great discolored patch were the blood had soaked in. There was a chair a wash- Btand and a bit of a table, and that waa all ; for if any furniture had stood against tho passage wall it hnd, of coarse, fallen into the fire with the wall. I went cautiously to where tho wnll had been, nrnl looked down and out into tho darkened space — it was not a pleasant sight. The honso had been n large one, and the bare blackened wnlis, with here and there a half burnt beam banging, and tho groat tumbled looking mass of broken and black debris down below looked weird and awful in the redrawing night. Even as I looked and lis tened these was a bit of wood or brick de tached from some upper part of the walls and fell into the chasm with snch an empty hollow echoing sound ns startled me and I drew back with something like fear. As I wss making my way back to the win dow I noticed foot marks on tho bare floor ; they were very plain — footmarks of black sooty looking stuff as of some one who had been walking on the burnt mass below. If I hnd needed further confirmation that Wel land bad really seen a living being nt tin window I would have fonnd it iu somo bread crumbs, lying on the floor, not very far from where the poor digger's last living blood had dried on ihn boards. Tbey were quite fresh, for I Btooped and picked some of them up. Evidently, somo one had mado a meal in that room and at no very diBtant timo ; I had nothing to dp but watcb and I passed throngh tho window with the intention of doing so. As I put my foot on tho shingled roof, how ever, another falling brick, or what not, in the interior of tho ruin, made a hollow thun dering noise, and immediately after there waa another. I paused with some dread that the walls might ho cracking, premoni tory to a holus-bolas tumble, when tho sound of n human voice muttering what seemed incoherent words in the space beyond the edge of tho room mado mo conscious that Bome human being was tho cause of the dislodged bricks. I drew back, and stopped at tho roof so that only ono eye at the corner of tho window commanded tho interior, ond ns I did so the figure of a man scrambled over the outer edge of the floor. This man was dirty, worn, and haggard- looking ; ho had no hat on, and when ho stood up and faced mo I saw that it was truly Charles Elgin, tho suspected murderer of the lucky digger. I saw more, though ; for no sooner did the glare of thnt wildly stretch ing eye, as it fell into every corner of the darkoning room, meet my gaze, I knew that reason hnd departed. What a dreadful thing is the eye of a madman I once seen it is im possible again to mistake it. Ilis face was white as the faco of a corpse, and his tangled hnir was tossed wildly in every direction. His fingers were clench ing and menacing with every muttered word and his words were those of one talking with tho (lead. " Areyon here, eh, oh you're hiding, Iknow come out, who's afrnid of you who's afraid I say." As the miserable being spoke, he turned and peered into the corners of the bed and under it, and then his wild horrible laugh echoed awfully through the cavernous ruin. " Ifs yon that's afraid, Ha, ha, h. Ton know I'd do it again— aye a thousand times over and without the tremblo of an eyc- 1M-" . i. Ono cannot he prepared instantly on sncn an emergency as this— I didn't know what to do. Any attempt to. arrest a raging maniac in Buch a position, with that awful chasm of black space behind him, would assuredly result in soma terrible accident. I must not attempt to do it ; and, if I moved from the spot I wns in I must arrest his attention with undeBired results. There was nothing for it but to wait until he was once more on terra firmaand then seize him. Just as I came to this decision he eame to theopen window and stood rigidly before it. " This in where you stood when you <?om® to life again and threatened me as I stood among tho crowd down there. Ob, I saw you with yourstaring eyes and your bloody nook I Now you're standing behind me I I feel you 1 What a lot of killing you take I come on I who's afraid 1 here's ready for you I He turned round, as on n pivot, as if tn grasp some tangible thing behind him _and iu his face were blended the very oxtremities of fear and desperation. With the last Bound of bis voice came to my cars a sudden dull cracking that increased into asoundliko tho wrenching nnd splitting of timber. I saw the maniao sway before me as fnough be staggered and I felt the sill of the window I grasped move ns though bending with my weight. It waB an instinct thnt drew me back on the roof of tho wooden building as, with a thundering sound, the whole side of tho burned walls fell in, carrying the un fortunate madman with them 1 I stood for an instant so horrified that I was not sure of my own identity. Had I been dronming 7 Was that black space really tho spot wherethe digger's room had been 7 Did that cloud of dust rise up from theruineil walls, and did it bury the wretched and ill fated murderer 7 As Boon ns I could arouse myself I hastened to the street, aud wasfound by Welland who had witnessed the fall from the opposite nds of thefitroet, Hastily relating what had oeonr- redas we went toproouroaoouple of lanterns, and Bonding a man from modical help in case life should still ' linger in tho unfortunate man we ontered tho ruin to search for It wns a dangerous job, for there were still tottering and nnsafe walls around, bnt we had no difficulty in finding Elgin— he was lying an a heap of bricks orusbed and wounded, and laughing loudly 1 It was liis voice that led us to him, heshontcd, jubilant over the fall of his euemy nnd, as we gently raised him and carried him outside to a snfer spot, lie laughed again as though his one object in lifo wns accomplished I " I did him that timo I" he cried " I don't think, bo will show his white face at tho window again to accuse mo of murder Hal ha 7 he's bnried beneath thousands and thousands of brickB 1" nnd thon he gave ono great Bigh nnd died. I don't think I ever heard of n stranger death. There was no doubt bnt that tho sight of his victim's face, as I held the dead man at tbo window, had driven him road with terror. If we had any hesitation in be lieving him to be the digger's murderer the sight of the gold would have been convin cing. When ho was undressed the gold belt nnd its precious contents was found clasped around his body. The End. Hard Gash. — There is no doubt samething musical about tho chink of nilvor, and jot specie baa its disadvantages It is unwieldy, aud is more easily counterfeited than paper. Halo's Balsam has boon counteifsitsd, but tbo genuine may be known by the pnvato proprietary stamp of John F. Henry on each bottlo. Always cot tbo genuino if you want a sure euro, for cou.hu, colds, hay fover, influenza, et ., oto. Price 4s por bott'o. Sold by all caemiBts and drnggists. 