PONDERABLE GHOSTS.* _______________________ (From the Pall Mall Gazette.) The mild and very diluted twaddle which forms the staple of the French spiritist doctrine is likely to meet with formidable competition in the recent utterances from the original cradle of the new belief. We wish to state with the utmost explicitness with reference to the most curious work which we propose to intro- duce to our readers, that we entirely decline the function of godfather, whether to bring Mr Oleott to the gallows or to the font. The ordinary means by which it is possible to test the bona fide of an English book are absent in this case. We possess neither the topographical, the personal, nor the literary acquain- tance with the places, names and works cited that are requisite in order to form an opinion of their weight. Even the ordinary amount of reliance that may be placed on the character of a publisher is eliminated in the case of the work in question by a notice that it is not sold at the book stores, but that an agent will call on intending purchasers. As to the internal evidence, apart from the main point of the credibility of the statements per se, the education and literary ability of the writer are of a very low order, judged from our standpoint in this country. How far this defect may be personal, or have a wider range, it is not for us to say. The net result of the impression left by mere turn-over perusal of the book is that a man with no intention to deceive but no objection to raise a sensation is struggling with a new set of phenomena that are too much for him. But then this is the very impression that a skilled literary artist would wish to produce if he wrought after the manner of De Foe. We therefore bring forward Mr Olcott to speak for himself, without intending to hint a single word either for or against his credibility. Having said this much, it will be unnecessary to add those usual safeguards as to each assertion that would otherwise be requisite. Zephaniah Eddy, a farmer living at Weston, Vt., married one Julia Ann Macoms, a girl of Scotch de- scent, who was born in the same town. Mrs Eddy inherited from her mother the gift known in Scotland as second sight , and not only had previsions of future events, but was able to see, and to converse with, forms invisible to other persons. Her mother before her possessed the same faculties in some degree, and her great-great-great-grandmother was actually sentenced to death as a witch at Salem, in 1692, although she escaped from gaol and took refuge in Scotland. Z. Eddy took up his abode at the present residence of his children, at Chittenden, Rutland, in 1846\. On the birth of the first child the abnormal phenomena attending on Julia Ann Eddy became quite uncontrollable. As the family increased strange sounds filled the house and the infants were often lifted from their beds and floated about the room by invisible agency. Neigh- bours, whose names are given, were called in to ex orcise the haunting spirits by prayer, but without sue cess. Blows and ill usage, freely bestowed on mother and children, were equally inefficacious. When the children grew old enough to go to school, they were soon expelled, in consequence of the raps heard on the desks and benches. After public attention had been called to the Rochester knockings in 1847, Z. Eddy attempted to turn the curse on his family to his personal advantage, by luring three or four of his children to a showman. They were thus taken to nearly all the principal cities of the United States, and "for a brief season" to London, experiencing much ill-usage by the way. Z. Eddy died in I860; his wife died in 1873. In the December of that year a room was added to the farmhouse at Chittenden for the purpose of accommodating the visitors who thronged to attend the séances given by Horatio and William Eddy, the occupants of the farm. On the 1st of June, 1874, this room was opened. On this occasion the materialized spirits of Mrs. Eddy, Mrs Eaton (an old lady from New York State), Mrs Whealer (late of Utica), Dr. Horton (also late of Ltica, who brought his two infants, and ad - dieted his widow, who was present), uttered addresses and prayers Since that time, a dark circle tor materialization has been held every evening, Sundays excepted . the date of the publication of this account is January), 1875, and the book contains the promise, made by the spirits that, from the 19th of September in the same year, the manifestations, which are described as being made in a low dim light, should take place in full daylight Mr Olcott declares that he carefully examined not only the exhibition room, with its low platform, and the little closet behind it, in which William Eddy sat during the performance, but the rooms below, the roof above, and the whole of the apartments He says that it w as impossible for confederates to enter m any surreptitious manner, or foi any masks, garments, disguises, or theatrical properties to be introduced unawares A shawl was hung across the small doorway leading from the platform to the closet Mr Eddy was accustomed to enter the closet, to sit down on the chair which formed its only furniture, and apparently to sink into a profound sleep.lively tuner were played some of the per- sons present on a " parlour organ ' and other instru- ments, and then the materialized spirits issued from the cabinet and walked about the stage, addressing the audience, and conducting themselves, with one or two remarkable exceptions, much as any ordinary human beings would do under similar circumstances The part of the story which, if the book be not altogether a skit, will attract the most intense curiosity is this Not only do the family ghosts of Mr, Eddy and others con- tinually appear and address ponderous exhor- tations to the-visitors, but the ancient genii loci take adva of the facilities afforded them for revisiting the glimpses of the moon Gigantic Red Indian warriors stalk ov er the stage, and among many Indian squaws who also appear, one, named Honto, is a very constant visitant She dances and romps over the platform, she smoked a real pipe presented by a visitor , she stepped on a weighing-machine, and allowed heiself to be weighed On more than one occasion, however, when she had been so Ion" visible as to exhaust the power obtained from the medium, she collapsed, sinking down into the floor till her head only was visible, which finally dissolved and disappeared After a little time, however, she came out from the cabinet as ii nothing had occurred Her chief occupa- tion appears tobe making bhawls out of nothing , to which, however, they unfortunatel) return Indian chiefs and squaws, howcv er inexplicable may be their appeaiance or conduct, are not the chief attraction to Ghittenden What draw s to this remote spot a gather- ing of more people than the Eddy family can by any means accommodate is the behel that the departed personal friends and relativ es of the visitants readily take the occasion to communicate with those they have left behind Husbands, wives, mothers, children, step out from the little cabinet on to the dimly lighted stage, stretch forth their arms to t-ieir astonished survivors, and com eise with them with more or less freedom Sometimes their visitors are those whom the expec- tant most desires to see At other~times some strange and whimsical form, connected with some bygone chapter of biography, emerges from the gloom Thus a Russian lady, who is hinted at as an accomplished mistress of hidden knowledge, was the occasion ol the appearance on Mr Eddy's platform of a full die6Eed Kurdish warrior, with a plumed spear twelve feet long, and a three- parts naked African magician, with a head-dress garnished with four enormous horns Several hundred different impersonations are vouched for by Mr. ©lcott. He tells us that the light m th« room was bo low as to pre- vent distinct observation of the features of the spectral guests, but that their forms and outlines w ere readily distinguishable. Personal recognition, hovi ever, was constant between relations and those whom they had lost. The voices sounded full and natural, and every circumstance, except that of the dimness of the light, is represented as satisfactory As to that, as we have said, an improvement was promised, which by this time must either have been verified or falsified Not having visited Chittenden, and not being abso- lutely certain whether that hamlet may not itself be * " People from the other World " By Henry S OUott. Pro fu»« ly iUutitrftted by AUred Kappi» arid T W WiUiam- (Hart- ford, Conn American PubliBiünB Company. 1878 ) a sptctral illusion, we are not prepared to enter into the various theories propounded by Mr. Oleott and his fellow-believers. One thing, however, ia clear., Either the book is a farrago of monstrous lies, or anything like vulgar human trickery is out of the question. The general idea conveyed by the writer, and indeed very commonly held by spiritualists, is that some atmosphere or exhalation proceeding from perbons known as mediums forms a sort of nucleus or nascent embodiment, which can be gra&ped; by dis- embodied spirits, who can thus, in a few seconds, form around themselves a temporary body resembling, in all but its evanebcent quality, that permanent b»dy which under ordinary circumstances the growth of fifteen or twenty years forms from water, carbonic acid, and ammonia, with faint traces of other chemical elements. The medium is supposed to be passive in the operation, although his physical energies are exhausted by the pabulum which they furnish to the ghosts. But in another case, that of Mrs. Elizabeth J. Compton, of Havana, Schuyler county, New Yoik, Mr. Olcott tells us that the medium is actually transfigured. Bound to a chair in a dark cabinet, and further secured to a chair by the original contrivance of a thread passed through the holes pierced for earrings, and sealed to the back of a chair, this magical personage dis- appears from the cabinet while a ghoBt is on the stage, but is found, as secured, after the apparition has retreated. H the ghost were seized by some violent investigator, it is Faid that it would instantly resolve itself into the personality of Mrb. Compton, but that the shock might be at the risk of life. It is obvious that that theory possesses great elasticity and convenience. It is perhaps hardly yet in a state for public discussion. A piece of white tissue cut from the robe of one of the youthful and graceful revenants who do duty, turn and turn about, with Mrs. Compton, was found exactly to fit a hole in that lady's black stuff gown. It is not explained why the bit "cut out did not re- vert to its original condition at the same time as the rest of the garment. Peil-iaps Mr. Olcott'a book would have done better if the attempted defence of Katie King and the new phenomena of Mrs. Compton had been deferred till the public taste had been edu- cated up to the level of these indescribable wonderB. 