'??'.? ? SOUTHERN' '-NEWS.'.''' V'i- r': ?:Q?rom-th.oVMercuri/.)\ ,-u, ? ! ;? ?:?:-) i We 110,70.1)60111 informed that .a.consi^er'aTilo'-' quantity of 'plriste'r'ori' one of ' the 'wills of ! the north transept of SiTtfaryfs Cathedral had; ' ifrom its thrcatening'appearance',1 'fb be''re-r; ! moved orf-WeiJhesdayrstlriinstrrii'ras also a i large blockp of i. stone ^from -.one ptthosupi ; porting arclies of ' itno/tpjyer.' The fenibval :o£ the plaster revealed a very remarkable settlement' and : defect1 in1 a-'relie'ving' arch, i and' it is a,matteriqfccongratulation,that^he ; work of ?reconstructioniissOf.soon to neiconj-i I mence'dy asuwcunderstand that tenders.will'. :be^ called, for. in a-few.;days. -ji'Ib -is quite, ?beyond'a' doubt. that.thei.westerUfWftU oft^he north transept ihas,bulgea,.outwardsi and,- iisf 'as quitei.but of, ,plumb,, if notimorej.than ;tho piers ofithe tbwer.ii We.-.cannotibut isy.mpa.-:, thise '.with- ?.our1;.;Komani-.(?attia.lic:f- fellow.) ;coloniats on.this^ lamentable,'.; condition of, itheincathedralichurch, and, we^rus^jthatiui the-.work'Of reconBtructiOa't no. pains will be ? jWiv.' ,';Vj:f.,'- V,'.'i Jsfji.'.'jl). ?'iiniib no ly}ilKin[ spared to ascertain the root of the evil, and so' all' dbubts'as'l't0'thd'permanen(5y and atti- ? bility 6t' the building ? In ? i'ts*-'new' form be ' entirely/set -at rest; '.i ? ;'' ii'},*.*!,-.-'-? ...:. .:: '?A Woman1 named Jessie Thompson, who- lives : in1 Upper Murray street,' reported to tho pblicb on Thursday; 6th inst.;. that at' half past e'p.m.^inan named''Ein'manuel Blore attempted ': to1 cut her' throat with' a razor, arid'tbat in' resisting 'liim'she'liad' h'er right wrist serorely cut. |tActingr*ppn the infor ma'tlpn; -IJetective' Simpsons-arrested Blore. later'in'the ovoningV Theiwomah Thompson waS'under 'tho influence' b^drihkwhensho laid the ' information:1' ? Blore is an old offender in assaulting women and has served several sentences for personal violence. 'The Rev. JV W. Simmons lectured at the Alliance Rooms 6h Thursdays 6tli inst./on ' 'He'irts ancT Hands.' : vMr '? ' Hay, of South port,: occupied tho clmir. !' Mr -Simmons' began by 'explaining 'that ?the'titlo oMiis lecture was' taken'' from !Miss Marsh's well knoiwiVwork; descriptive of horlabors among the navvies of Englannl. Hearts ami hands, : he said, should act in combination, lint there were circiimstances in tliis world which told U3:thattlioy'did:ndt' always' work together. How was.it that there were so many strifes in tho world; so many1 misunderstandings be tween'masters and ; fiorvants ?' ; ' ITow was it that there'was.'such-a'llisppsition' to dig deeper and; make 'wider the great- gnl£ that separated tho rich'' '.'and' the 'poor, the hiqli and the lowi? '? Therc!Wfl6soruo ?? 'wonderful want of 'thought ;' there wcr'6. sonic fearful misunderstandings on one sido'or- the other, or ra'thcr/o'n both sides: 'At the conclusion of ono:bf' his charges, the '?.latb'Jucltte Tul fourd said, that ?' the great 'want of Knglish society'of every grade' at' tliiS present moment was a groat want of Sympathy.' : It was thia'.-warit ''of sympathy1' which created feuds' between man' and' ' miin, be tween class and class. ';? Wlia't'.'wns wanted wasthat'we should' do'' unt6':ptliers as wo Wuuld 'have others', dp 'uritb 'lis,1 and that there should be a' more .kindly- feeling 'ono forthe'otheri; ? ilowAvas it'that by the flre sido' there' was jus't'thosatno, linsunderstand i'n'gsi justthesanie'diiferericesr'If man. and wife:hitd friendships, 'had '?sympathies, had interests unknown to' each'^pther ; if they livecP .lives' dianietrically opposite ; ho\y could ^he'' heart and 'the -hands work with eartti, other1?. There must'- be 'sympathy if there was to ? be happiness;;' Tho great motive power of Ioye'ahd''gentleness had been crushed out ofmeriiand'theywere not living lives of kindness.1 ;Cynical men and women would'say, 'it was tlie' way of the world.'' iieonly hoped' that . men would get to the- end' p£! that , way very quickly. Where' hearts'and 'hands were found in combination,' love would conquer where wrath would only create' 'strife. The rev. gentleman ?' spbk6 ' of ' the philanthropio labors of Miss Marsh and'Miss Nightingale ; related several apropos anecdotes, an 1 con cluded by making a personal; application of his; good advice to those present. Tho lecture was throiighbut very interestins: ; it. was delivered in Mr Simmons' usually pleasant Homely style, and1 was1 listened to with great attention. ?'? ' : ' During the past two days the announce ment that Captain . Gilmore had accepted officers Colonial Secretary has been, of course, the one subject of conversation, and there has been a wonderful unanimity of opinion; on the subject;- The appointment is wellrcceived, both as respects the now' minister, whom 'all desireto givea fair trial with' much confidence in tho r result ; as re speots also' the Ministry,, who are compli mented on having avoided any 'appearance of cliquism by selecting an independent member, and'one from the north side of the island. Of course there are the discontented; but they grumble in a wonderfully subdued tone.1 ?.. At the City Court'on 7th iist. Emmanuel BJore, charged with unlawfully wounding with intent a woman named Jessie Thompson, was: remanded till Tuesday. Blore is an oli, offender. On the 28th Octoberi 1862, ho was sentenced to imprisonment for life at the Hobart Town Criminal Court, for a similar offence with which he is now. charged. After serving 12 years he was released oh a ticket of leave, which has not yet expired; ?? On Thursday 6ih va.it., as a party of ladias were returning from a wedding party at Mr Ferguson's, Tinder Box Bay, and were turn ing'on to the North West Bay road,; the horse swerved, and went over1 a' culvert; capsising the cart, and precipitating the; occupants oh to the road. The cart turned' right over on Mrs Trapps, and Miss: Trappa somehow got under the horse, and' was' with difficulty extricated, but not without repeiv-; ing some marks on the' face. Mrs. Trapps was badly ? cut about the body, while;' the whole party, got a. very severe shaking, and i narrowly escaped more serious results/ Some of the residents of Brown's River'.werejsnbri1 | oh' the; spot; and rendered every ' assistance1. ! The unfortunate and injured party were sent' I on to town by Mr Wl Lueivs without delay.' ?? ' ! '::The.c6mpetition' between first-class' boats' for th'e'pnze'pf £5; bffered- by the* perwent' ! Sailing Cliib'came oil on, Saturday after'nbori; Th!d boats-! were': — [Nightmare, J.: Turner ; Corsair, Wriglit Brothers'; Fleetwirig, , Atkins; 'The;time fixed for the stiirt was' : half -past .t^vd,'biit if wa.s three o'clock' be fore, thiiel:b6ats' got awayj a strong southerly [Wind btow.ing.1' The i Corsair and ,thel!Night-i m'are.w'entl'away- with the :leadiu;brit'ilthe1 I Fledtw.ih'g ?' yery 'soon1 :;p'assed- 'them1; the' ! Cersair'follbwe'dher'upJ'biit, before' rdach^; ihg'tb?e first- ' buoyj '' gave' up, the ; contest ; ; being thus left to'the'otlier tTrp'-b'oats;'1 ; Running Babk'the Nightmare gained sHg-h'tly1 oh the'ITleetwing.'and reduced' the distamie' 'between them a'littlombre goirig'dowh.'liAt' ;the(last:buoy'fhe' Pleetwing Svas 150' yards; ! ahead,' andhftving. ?got.'.rbutid' 'well; 'she' g'ot; the' wind' atid was carried in ; but tlieNight miire'wrts' ti'dciilmediandlbst 'all chance' of ; ! winning; 'The race was finished by twenty imUiutes pastflyei '.' ': ''' ''?'''' . ''.h,j .im. : ! '?? A walking1 match took place oh''Sdturday ! afternoon on the New- Town Road 'between ith'e'3rd and 4th 'mile stone; betwoen;' 'Messrs1 i Best ' and' R'. Young. ? The distance.1' was' ith'ree'miles. ''Best'started ort with a Teadt''bf' sijr 'or 'seven yards,' an'd' although' Young made sevoral.'ganieefforts to come' up' witfi :him,'yeli;he n'ever'airiiihished 'the .'gap^'ahd' 'g.We'Tip'abbu't'a.'thirdbf a mild' from'1the! gdai^Uest 'flni'shing .fresh. ' Young' stated1 itli'at^lie ', was1 ' seized r' Vrlth ? oramp 'in one ' bf ' his Ieg3's6,onaftcr'the start; ?''''' ' ?' '?'?'? ! 'TlVo 'attendance' at' ithe Mormbn.'servic'e' | ;eld'iti''thd')OddfelIbws' Hall'von 'Sunday' aft'dr'iib'on' 'numbered'' ''about ' 250ll'p'e^sbris'.i ,Th.'evdisc'6urse'ofIMr Swan disclosed no1 nbw: 'Bub3cct'/-; 'tut1' consisted t principallyi' of ''a1 jrcpetition' of his ideas as to thedqom which,1 he1 'saidi'awfWted tlie ministers of tlie Christian Church' for their so-called disregard '« of' the bfaihan'ceso.f the early 'cUUrch.;'lThe':'m'odetr iri'whicn'baptism.Sviis; a'dministered-1 By'tbcse niiniyfb'rsytlie's^ealjer'saidijwaa a' mpckfcfry^ I l'r)llc 5;ni!.-j.'llii 3o ?.???.iMtYti] X'' ? 1'-'--J''J v!'! mva^Tu'c1J'aTrt''^n'bu1*d'birpr^^^ tlie; recipient had become of age, and; then notmerely by. sprinkling with water, but by total immersion. : The ' argument -of ,tlie; Christian pastors not being inspired was rp nowed, the, missionaryi stating that they had no authority to baptise in the name of the, Father, the Spn,and;thc Holy ' Ghost. The conclusion' was.' also muchi; o£ the same chara,ctcr as in previous ' addresses, the 'speaker warning bis audience of wratlr to: come, ? and, urging tbcm to accept the greatest boon that could be offered1 to them, viz., eternal life, as ho would' . lead them to.' ,it:- '.?;?.'. ? -. '? ???.?: ??????. ? ' ?? :???? ' -.It is seldom that such a display of jewelr lory and brilliants is to _bo seen, in Hobart Town di has for some days past been exhibited in' tho windows of Mr. '.Charles Gfaylor, Liverpool-street. In one small case wore six rings valued at £700, in one a little '.larger1 article's to' tho' value of upwards of ^2000 were shown. A packet bf brooches, nboklacos, earrings) etc., is worth 4M000, ami these form but a portion of tho articles which boloiig to a gentleman from India now hero en route for England, whose taste as well i as wealth is shown in the collection. A couple of wngon loads of returned hop pickers, presenting a most motley group, drew up. in, front of the Rock Hotel on Satur day evening, whero for a time they were ' the observed of all' observers,' the druys loaded with liuman beings all gesticulating and chattering, and surrounded by a noisy crowd, reminding ono of the scenes that useil to bo very common among our Victorian neighbors when wagons were, the ' stump' from- which worthy politicians used to harangue tho crowds. . ,. The proposal of the committee to patch up the Waterworks by laying down a .Sin main near the 10 inch main, for the supply of tho high, levels,; has come to. an abrnpfc and ?unexpected end. At tho mooting, of the City Council on the' 3rd inst., Aidcrmrin Brownell raised the objection whether, the motion involving the expen diture of over £1000' for tho new works could bo put, inasmuch as such expenditure was hot included in the estimates for the year. The rest of tliealdermen did not con sider the poinf of much moment, but the Mayor took timo to oonsider it,- and on Mon day announced, on the authority of counsel's opinion, that he could not put the motion, for the reason stated in the objection. .The whole scheme, therefore, falls to the ground for this year. The Rev.N. Bennett, chairman of the Tas manian District, under tho Victorian and Tasinaniau Conference, having been, ap pointed to the New Town Wesleyan Circuit, a. tea meeting was held on Tuesday evening in the Wesleyan Church, to welcoma him and Mrs Bennett. About 150 persons were present. After they had partaken of the tea provided, prayer was offered by the Rev. J. Cowpcrthwaito. The chair was then taken by Mr Hayward, the circuit steward, who, with Messrs Burrowcs and Harding, also officers of the church, welcomed Mrand-Mrs Bennett's return to them with pleasure, and expressed fieir willingness to aid their pastor in every possible manner in the discharge of his duties. The Rev. A. Nesbitt wa? glnd to ; see his old friend once more at New Town. Ho urged those members of the con gregation who were present not to be content with hearing tho gospel preached, but to believe in it, and yield themselves unto its power. The Rev. Mr' i Cowporthwaite -spoke in high terms of. Mr Bennett's merits, and he hoped that his ministrations might hare tbo effect of filling tho church. The Rev. J. White also spoke of tho esteem in which Mr Bennett was held in Victoria, and said that strenuous efforts were made at the last Conference to have him appointed to the charge of Lydiard street Church, Ballarat. Mr White urged the con gregation to aid their minister in his work. The Rev. Mr Bennett on coming forward was met with loud applause. He expressed his thanks for the many kind things which had been said of Mrs Bennett and himself. Pie spoke of the pleasuro which lie felt on returning so near to Hobart Town; it was like returning home. He could remember that ten years ago ho arrived from Adelaide, so broken down in health that his friends expected' he would not1 live, but by tbe climate and the mercy of God ho was re stored to health, and was now stronger than j tie had ever been in his life. : ''The Government have, for the present, disposed of tho qucstionof the appointment of the. proposed inspectors of schools. A letter from the Colonial Secretary was read at the mooting of the Board. of Education on Wednesday, in which' the Board were informed that the Executive did not. think any useful purpose would be served by con7' itroverting their views on this particular ! question. It was further intimated that the 'Executive felt bound to refrain from sanctioning any arrangements which did not ; correspond with the intentions of Parliament, and in view of the early prospect of the meeting of the Legislature, was of opinion ' that the question of new appointments should be postponed. ? This decision evidently took the Board by surprise, and there was apparent a strong desire, judiciously cubed, however, to ? breakout into uncomplimentary language.Mr ? Turner did say that hehadbeon ledintb taking. ; part in a delusion and a snare; and the i chairman said the action of the Government was ' simply an evasion ; ' but generally \- speaking, the members took the rebuff they |had received with good' grace, and sub iniitted calmly to the inevitable.' There might not have been as much talk about it as there was bad not a letter been read just pre jviously, conveying the refusal of, tho Go ivernment to approve of the consolidated rules and regulation's, over which tlie Board |bayo spent so' much time— a decision .which appeared to 'the members to be utterly '.inex plicable. As; regards the' inspectorships we think the Government, have taken the wisest course.' possible; '? '? Tho Board eithpr cannot or will hot understand' what! Parliament evidently intended 'in '-consenting' 'to thn appointment; of additional' 'inspectors,!, arid perhaps a ?' re-co.nsideratibn of 'the .whole question, in 'tho Assembly,' though' it will doubtless' have the 'sanioTcsult' sis last year,' will show the B6ard;the error. ;bf their ways. i On Tuesday last st ?young.'1 man '.'named Edward Doneghanwas killed' nt'wbrk at' Mr Andrewartha's's'a'\v1:'millir'Pbrf Espnrahce. Iiappea'rs tliat'the' other 'persons 'employed at the mill hoard i a, peculiar noise' issuing f rbm: tho machinery, and' tbirilcing sonibthing had hroken, the iteani' was turned off,' Upon' examination,' Dbhcghari 'was f ound'urider the machinery in'-.afea'rfully mangled condition'; assistance was promptly at- hand, : but ' after lingering an hour in-great' 'agony! '[lie died:] How tlio deceased came.by his death was! not1 ktibwnto our informant,' but it, -is ? supposed th'at h'ewent'b'elovrto-but the.belt upon-' the sHaft, a'iicl' t^^.^K^unrf ??/f 'o'^iivf6. ' --;-.:i ?;??' i.!)iov/i; .'.,'.?'- ?J'.'.'ly;A ifrcilliV/ -il 'sliaft'lid Bwrnnie'entahgled in tlib 'machinery Ddneglian -.was unmarried. Mr 'iiWalpole : wont to Port Esperancb. on -Wednesday to/ hold an inquest. .....;. . ... - ; , w '.It is announced that the trains oh the Main Line on Good Friday and Easter Monday' will run' as usual. Return tickets, is'sund from Thursday till Tuesday next, will be available for the return journey until Monday, tho 24th inst.,.at tho usual return fare3 from and to all stations. On Good Friday, and Easter Monday, dn excursion train will ; leave Hobart' Town at 11 a.m. for 'Jerusalem; calling at all stations and sidings, returning from Jerusalem at ?! p.m.. and reaching Hobart Town at C-40 p.m. The third nnnual session of tho Grand Lodge, I.O.G.T., of Tasmania, was held in the.. Alliance Rooms on Thursday, at 11 a;in. : The Grand Lodge degree was to bo conferred on those deputies, past officers, and representatives, who p resented proper creden tials. Members of sub-lodges in good standing were to bo admitted 'to the session during a portion of the proceedings, aud to » have seats in the galLu-y. At tho City Police Court on Tuesday tho ticket of-leuvc man, Emmanuel Blore, wag charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on a woman named Jessie Thompson, with whom ho has been cohabiting for some time. When the woman made tho chargo at the police station, she stated that Bloro had threatened to cut her throat with a razor, and with that instrument had inflicted a wound on her wrist ; but when put in tho box on Tuesday she gave a totally different version of tho affnir, Ixi ig evidently desirous of obtaining Hlore's discharge. Her evidence was that he never threatened to injure her with a razor at all, and that tho wound on her wrist was caused through her having broken a ivimlow with her hand. Sho was exceedingly anxious that tho Police Mngis trate should know that she was very drunk at the time, as she several times repeated if. A little girl, who it was expected would have been a valuable witness for tlio prosecution, corrbboi ated the material part of Thompson's testimony, and as tho medical evidence was ' that tho wound might have boon caused by a broken glass, the prisoner was discharged. We regret to have to record the demise of ' Mr George Whiting, of the She-oak Hills, Upper Huon, at the advanced age of 75 years. Ho was a man of considerable literary attainments, having been connected with tho Press in England, and also in Hobart Town. Ho invented a system of shorthand which proved of great service to him, and which ho taught his son, who has used it in Parlia mentary reporting for the Mercury during the last two sessions. Tho deceased was secretary to the exhibition commission of 1865 ; was appointed a magistrate in 1873, and at the time of his death was chairman of the Upper Huon Road Trust. Por some years be lias been engaged in agricultural and pastoral pursuits at. the Huon. Almost up to the last ho retained his mental and bodily faculties. By the niail delivered on Wednesday morn ing, W. J. Hammond, Esq., of Hobart Town, received notification of his appointment by. His Royal Highness tho Prince of Wales, Most Worshipful Grand Master of the . United Grand Lodge of Freemasons of England, to the office of District Grand Master for Tasmania, and there was for* warded to him tho patent of appointment. 