INTERCOLONIAL NEW SOUTS WALES. (PBOM CUE OWN CORRESPONDENT. ) SYDNEY, DEC. 2 L TheMinisterialkndgetuvafter Ml,not to be paned without a struggle. IfcJP^keB in his fitat speech approved of^ome porbOM and dis&DDroved; of others ^ but. while inw any division during the jnwn debate. M he has not since altered his mind. he ha^ at Bnv rate altered his policy, and on Wednes day evening he intercepted the Supply by a formal resolution dMapPT*^ of the Bmallneas of the vot^ortomigr&taon;, of the vote for the .WoUongong nul wav and also for . the proposal to take the southern line to N&rrandera.; On the firat point, he had no difficulty whafc ewrin ahowbs that £50,000 would not bring nqtaf fortoOpvemn,.,;. works alone, but he sSbj .opposed the prin ciple o! Mr. Robertson's MIL for validating labour agreement*, partly on the groundthat it would be used to decoy peoplejtrom the neighbouring colonise, and partly jjf0*0®® j?® contended that it was a false principle to bring people out here under binding agree menm Ab to the WoUongong railway, Mr. Parkes bad an. undoubtedly strong case. This railway scheme has been got up simply in the interest of speculative landed proprie tors. The trade which it ib supposed to subserve has entirely to be created. In the judgment of practical men acquainted with the coal business, the trade could not be forced into existence at all, and, if it could, it would only be by ex tinguishing, pro tanU), the northern coal trade. The proprietors of the existing minw in the Hlawarra district say that they do not want the railway, and that-they should not use it if it were made. The Newcastle people, of course, protest against the adieme, whije the country party condemns the idea ot making a line parallel to the coast when so much has yet to be done to bring the interior into connexion 'with the metropolis. As to the Harrandeia line, Mr: Parkes condemned it as eoing to nowhere, and warmly de nounced the impolicy of zealously keepiugat bay the connexion witt Melbooxne. Mr. Robertson, in his reply, did his utmost to turn the tables upon Mr. Parkes. He pointed out that for immigration pur noses that gentleman bad only voted, and had not evenspent, £50,000during three years. As to'the WoUongong line, he accused Mr. Parkos of 'beginning it by ordering (Witnoat any Parliamentary sanction the preliminary survey, whichbas costsome £8,000. As to the Narmndera line, he said it was the very pro Dosal made by the Martin-Parkes Adminis tration. Mr. Robertson denied stonily thkt be entertained any jealous of Melbourne, and said he was quite willing to see we trto cities united. At the same time he thought it was just as well to give our own people the puU of the Murrumbidgee trade by lettine them have the chance at it for a year or two before we' went on to Albufy. - As ? to the WoUongong line, the Premier 4s evidently prepared to hedge. . He sees the oppp sition that is brewing against it, and. he is opening a bade door ot retreat by disowning: it as a definite Government policy, and stating that it mm proper tosub mit the matter to Parliament. He.admitted that it would be inconvenient fdt the Government to be defeated on Mr. Parkes's resolutions, bat he. very carefully abstained from saying that it would involve any kind of criBis, and: was very t»rticular in calling to mind that the Martin-PaikeBAdminiatrB tionhai much more importantparts ot its policy rejected without any immediate politi cal tTberei is not, however, the) ghost of a chance that Mr. Parkes will cany his resolutions. If tha Hoosewahi toputMr.Robertson out and Mt. Parkes anything voulddojts a pegen which tohi itB discontent, bat there is at present strong' detlre for a changes The House deal with the .Ministerial policy in . but will not pass aby geqeraloand Mr. Parities took the opportunity on Sett day lest of holding out :his hand- aUttlewjiy towards the Education League. He w pniroij to lay the foundation stone ofannbl school, at Asbfield, the suburb ixi whfch 1 reaides,and while eulogising thepreeent3a as he invariably does, and deprecating* alteration, he said thatifany change was be mide, he toped that the naii»aaetatian principle would be kept dominant.. Thii'i aS much as to say to the denohriaatioB that he would not forsake them .ifhs^. poseibJ^ atand by them, but at thet4tei time it was telling the. leaguers thh tbe issue was foroed on, he Bloonld be »h side of non-aectarianism. Already of the leaguers ate, on the .46 of this announcement beginning tobu, as their £0miag man, hut the tnore'knx) ones dktrpafca^^oifaiBes so iodtf %reek tW)re*'as biM taQa.ef Parliament.'ttie <x about theouarrelior the Aditnt. . . as w»U as the corrasrottdsnoeWating _ James ^Cartin'e ..viole^^bMM9c<4M(he vemor. The Barl:of^anoai#onl« larly.mild and «Mttyratin whrt Ae bothsabitet*. He/d&estiwt; 4tte»^- _ indicate ;hetyeen /the. knwffeat ON tone ftftnwii . ariMtatil tb** t be Cbltftt *wli*»dil*c«Jgatt8» i 'raily ' ;aali .dheerhflly* accepted by ' He^ Mwpsiy'8 8erv»ntt' t6, rendW hei^thglf ia ftiqfcnra whenever Milled n^O. ' The Whttli teetiltbf this Appeal to England H regarded BS KDiBVoarable to Sir James 'Martin, wboia now xtinbTed frpm all chance ol beingActing, ppveinor, bbt 'alt the same time'hlbas been tmitoptiwr a man for it hot tobe&matterof; kenerel itegret that He Bhonld have -bo com mitted himself durin^tiheearlypartofhia eeR;,;: 1 of Melbourne went awa> on j[on g' with thetnaili 'tot *Spn Fran clec^ she . Wfcht Entirely at the risk of the Gov^iTiniekit, which rfefckp'ri fjing l fcluf for injf lois dntot £26,000 towhicp the .'contract*) they . Bhonld Wt'bopreparftfl the/Service 'the stl^ula^ejt City. Of JjWj^rne was jiejroaTCnjKi, sot ,ia is it potnftne at present to^Whatafrange me&ts; will be~mBdrior~iiBzt month's mail, beyoftdutfcK f≫ tfcat. tfee; Government will keeptbe Bftirfce jgoing inJBome yras or other. [T^ie Cpttmp . jbaa since arrived.]' They wyQnil4 ^Qt .hav%hepi£atea,.tip.let it, drop if they , bed -thg^hththat i public opinion would ha^e euBtftined^hem uVstich a course, but they .jdia not ,Veptiire uponit with Mr. Jga^kes ready toj btfng thejatobook. | The'iLegislatise j Assembly, not so much in aiit of virtue as from ajconscious want <Jf it, baspasseda resolution denouncing the practice o£ Government giving temporary employment to fcon. members, and, at Mr. Parkea'fl suggestion, the resolution was. widened to inclnde the Upper House. This step,- perhaps hag not been taken too soon, for there is no donbfc -that some members of the Assembly, if thfey have not been seduced by casn&l; pay of this kind, haw at least so acted as to create the impression that their independence has been tampered with. ^Tne weatherstill continaes dry. House tanks are nearly everywhere exhausted, and the suburban residents are really hard up for water. Though the City .Corporation cannot afford to lay on water to the suburbs, it has temporarily met the difficulty by carrying a pipe to a leading position, in .each unsuppUed suDurb, where the water is sold at a shilling a load. North Shore cannot be reached in this way, and it is proposed to ship water . across in tanks by the steam ferries. A similar method of supply, ing die necessary household requirements has for some time past been in use near New* castle, where the train every day takes up water in tanks for the use of the mining township of Walisend. Mr. Russell, our Government astronomer, in a recent letter to the Btrald, -shows that during the last 36 years, over which alone our meteorological observations extend, we have never had a drought breakupin December-in fact, nottill the middle of January, while in some cases it has been postponed till February, and on one occasion till the middle of March. Oar present spell of drought has lasted since the beginning of July, and during the last six months we have only had five inches of tain. Mr. Russell attributes the drought to the unusual southerly set of' the equatorial currents. After the sun has turned north ward he looks for the southerly polar current to rush in, when we may expect storms and general rainy weather. judicial can isozi ihaemtu rs are liable if ?to commence [ tiott(3. Thi 