Simttsemeate. I THEATBE BOTAL.-X>r. Silvester may con gratulate himself on the fact that «g his ad mirable entertainment becomes better known it is aUo more widely appreciated, which is more than can be said for most of the pnblio per* formances with -which amusement-seekers nave to pat up now - a - days. On Monday the Fakir's first change of programme was welcomed by a really excellent house, the box attendance being again an improvement on that of former evenings. If matters thus continue to improve, the result most shortly be a scarcity of accom modation for the would-be visitors.. The new portions were first a " select parlour entertain ment"-we quote the bills-by Mr. and Mrs. Empeon, the selectness of which was not startling nor even very striking. The same performers manifested a great improvement in their second effort. Mrs. Empeon first gave an excellent imitation of Maggie Moore's "Bis fader beeps a brewery" in character, which, if it fell a trifle short of the original in archness, was an improvement from a musical standppint, as Mrs. Empson's voice far excels that of Mrs. Williamson. Mrs. Simpson was loudly applauded, and for an encore gave "The Flower Girl," a patriotic ballad with a pretty catching air, in which she displays the floral emblems of England, Ireland, and Scotland. The song was received with thunders of applause. The more we see of this lady the more we are assured that with her natural advan tages-a good presence, exoresuive face, a musical voice, and considerable histrionic and mimetic talent-she would succeed in a more legitimate line of business than that of a music hail vocalist. Mr. Empson followed with a burlesque song, in which he exhiljited the national food of the three countries-roast beef, potatoes, and porridge. The trifle had, at least, the merit that it was humorous. As an encore he sang, in character, the pBeudo - Chinese song first introduced, if we mistake not, by Barlow, of "Blue-tail fly" celebrity. Madame Silvester's charming, voice was heard again to great advantage in the beautiful song "Tell me, my heart," and she was greeted at its termination with the tokens of approbation which she merited. The_ great event of the evening was the introduction of what is commonly known as Pepper's Ghost illusion, but which is claimed by Dr. Silvester in his advertisements as his original invention and property. " The ghost"-who ever may be the inventor-is without question the most wonderful and most scientific of stage effects. A figure is produced on the open stage, which is perfect in all parts, and which speaks and acts to the living performer, but which can yet be slashed through with a sword, and even walked through in full view of the audi ence. It also fades out of sight and grows plainer again without any perceptible agency. Dr. Silvester has employed Mr. Garnet Walsh, of Melbourne, to write him a sketchy drama in order to illustrate the effect. The various spirits which are seen are supposed to appear to a young officer who for a bet of £500 has 8greed to sleep in a haunted room. Monday was a first night, and as is always to be expected there were a few little hitches, but none at which the spectators had much cause to com plain. Doubtless the Fakir, with his usual care in these matters, will see that the ghost walks perfectly on succeeding nights. We again cordially recommend those in search of a full evening's entertainment to pay a visit to The Fakir of Oolu, with the assurance that they will not be disappointed with the fare presented. THE CABANEINI CONCERT.-Miss St. Clair took her benefit on Wednesday evening in White's Boom, which was about half filled. Probably the arrival of the English mail the seme evening prevented many persons from attending. The company have now been in the colony four or five weeks, and we are sure that their talents and accomplishments are fully appreciated by most .of those who have had the pleasure of hearing them, thdugh possibly their entertainments are too refined to suit the tastes of the general public. The cultivated ear is often enchanted with strains that to others are heard with the listless indifference of a stone. The concert on Wednesday evening did not present much that was new, yet it was very enjoyable. On the one hand it left nothing to be desired, and on the other the programme did net contain a single piece that one would wish to see omitted. Miss St. Clair's first appearance as a soloist was in her rendering of Meyerbeer's florid cavatina "Nobil Hignori," from the first act of "Gli Ugonotti." This ?angularly erratic composition formed a striking contrast to the second air selected by her, namely, " Alas, those chimes," but in each the taste and dull of the aocompliEhed vocalist were displayed. Without disputing the Wagnerian dictum that " music without melody is impos sible," we cannot but regard the latter composi tion as very much more impressive than the former. And if it be true that the highest and noblest aim of music is to give intensity and earnestness to the deeper and purer emotions of the human heart, the exquisite melody of Wallace certainly ranks very high as a produc tion of art. It was heard with rapt attention, and elicited a decisive encore, in response to winch Miss St. Clair favoured her audience with the beautiful descriptive ballad, " Out on the rocks." This also was admirably rendered and thoroughly enjoyed. Several other pieces during the evening were also redemanded, though perhaps it would be tedious to particu larize. Madame Carandini sang superbly, and each of her talented company oontributed much to the success of the concert. We hope they will give the citizens another opportunity o' hearing them before they finally leave the colsny. THE DAVENPOBT BBOTHEBS.-The private seance which was to have taken place on 4ti December at the Town Hall Exchange Boom was postponed to a future date. THE DAVEOTORTS AT KAPDNDA.- On Saturday evening, December 2, the Davenport Brothers gave one of their entertainments at the Institute Hall to a large audience. The two gentlemen who were elected from the audience to act as a Committee and inspect the cabinet were Mr. J. Coles, M.P., and Mr. J. White, M.P., the latter being invited to visit Professor Fay and Mr. W. Davenport in his cabinet. This created some little amusement, for in leBs than a minute he was distinctly heard calling, " Will eome body let me out? Let me out!'' In reply he received several iind salutations from the audience. He, however, had to remain until the doors were opened, when he appeared with a tambourine round his neck, and on landing himself s ifely on the stage declared he would never 30 into that place again. The ventriloquism of Mr. Davies and hie puppets created considerable amusement and was highly applauded, also Pro fessor Fay's Euance. THE DAVENPORTS AT GAWLER.-The Daven port Brothers and Professor Fay gave one of their mysterious entertainments at the Institute Hall, Gawler, on Tuesday evening, December 5, and the large Hall was crowded. The cabinet mystery by the Davenport Brothers gave rise to many surmises as to how it was performed. A pleasant interlude iu the evening's entertainment was introduced by Mr. Davies, the ventrilo quist, and the witty and local hits by his boy Joe were loudly applauded. The dark stance fol lowed. Professor Fay when bound to a chair removed his coat and threw it among the audience. He then requested one of the Com mitteemen, Dr. Popham, to take his off and put the Professor's on, which was done, and on the l'ghts being turned up the Professor was found with the Doctor's coat on, he being still bojncL Mr. Wm. Malcolm. J.P., acted as the other Committeeman. Dr. Popham went into the cabinet. THE LO-LO COMBINATION COMFANT.-This amusing Company have just achieved great suocess at Moonta, where they played for nine nights, on five of which money had to be refused at the doors, so crowded were the houses. Oa Tuesday and Wednesday, Deoember 5 and 6, they plav at Kadina, and on Thursday and Friday, Deoember 7 and 8. at Wallaroo, whenoe they will take ship to Adelaide on the 9th. They will then proceed to the Burra, Clare, &c.;, returning before Christmas to Adelaide, where they intend opening a seoond season prior to their departure for India. THE LYNCH .FAMILY OF BELLKIKGEES.-This Company are still meeting with groat success in the country. At Georgetown and. Crystal Brook they attracted crowded audiences, and their performances were greatly appreciated and admired. On Saturday they opened to a full bouse at Port Pirie. . RCHBUGIAEA.-We are informed that Messrs. Laughton and Johnson have handed the sum of £86, the prooeeds of their late entertainment, to > the Secretary of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institution. EKTERTAIHMENT AT 8ob.tH ADELAIDE.-An entertainment conriwticg of dissolving views de scriptive of the« overland reat« to England, pictures of prominent local citizens, the wreak of the Gothenburg, Ice., was given in the lecture hall adjoining the Baptist Church, North Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, Deeunber 5, the attendance being only moderate. Mr, W. . Shakespeare as guide conducted (he cpectators in imagination from the Glenele Jetty to the great metropolis of the United Kingdom. The various views proved intensely interesting, parti cularly those representative of Continent*! cities, &e.; The proceeds of the entertainment are to be given in aid of the organ fund. 