THE ACCIDENT TO THE EMU, STEAMER. The Marine Board-Captain Heath, chairmen met at the Port Office on Wednesday morning, and gave their decision in the ease of the recent accident to the steamer Emu, as follows: "The Board, having heard the evidence of the master, mate, engineer, steward, the man at the wheel, a deck-hand, seven passengers, and the Har- bour Master, find that the Eenu, a paddle steamer of 210 tons and seventy horse-power, Charles D. Burns, master, left the A.S.N. Co.'s wharf on the morning of September 9th, with an excursion party consisting of some 155 persons and seventy-five Volunteer Cadets, to visit H.M.S. Pearl, lying in Brisbane Roads. Everythine went well until the Bulimba Ferry was reached on the return voyage. It was then about 7 p.m., the evening being dark, but the sky clear overhead and starlight, and the tide rather more than half ebb. The vessel, which does not answer her helm very well, was being steered by the master, assisted by one of the deck hands; the wheel being placed some 24ft. from the fore- most end of the upper or hurricane deck, while overhead the awning extended a similar distance be- fore the wheel. On nearing the turning at the upper end of the Bulimba Reach, the master, thinking he was rather close to the shore on the port hand, ported the helm; at this time, he states, that some matches were ignited in front of the wheel by some of the passengers, which, for a short time, blinded him, so that he was unable to see the direction of the vessel's head. As the wheel was going at an estimated speed of about nine knots, and the ebb tide was setting from the rocky bight about some four points on her port bow, she was soon over on the starboard shore, her starboard paddle-box fouling a large overhanging tree, which stripped the greater portion of the wood work of the paddle-box away, at the same time pre- cipitating a number of passengers into the mud and water close to the bank of the river. Several of these persors were more or less injured, as well as some of those on board the steamer, who were struck by the branches of the tree. It seems also probable that at the first crash of the collision, one of the cadets, named Mort, in the excitement of the moment, either jumped, or in running down from the upper deck fell, over- board from about the paddle box. His body, however, has not been yet found. Immediately after the acci- dent the boat was put overboard, and manned by the steward and two hands, who picked up six persons from the bank of the river. The mate then took the boat and a lantern, and made a second search, but not being able to find any other person, returned on board, and the steamer proceeded up to the wharf. "Captain Burns, from the unanimous testimony of all the witnesses, was sober and attentive to his duties, and after the accident occurred, seems to have kept his presence of mind, and to have acted in a calm and collected manner. "'The Board, having duly weighed the evidence, are of opinion that though the Emu steered badly (a cir- cumstance which should have induced special caution), the collision was caused,- "1st. By the speed at which, under the circum- stances, the vessel was going. " 2ndly. By the master's imperfect acquaintance with the river by night, and with the set of the tide. "3rdly. By the awning being spread over and in front of the wheel a distance of 24ft., thus shutting out all view of the sky, and seriously limiting the lookout from the wheel. "The Board, though quite recognising the high character teat Captain Burns has deservedly earned as a master of river steamers between Brisbane and Ipswich for a number of years, consider that on this occasion he committed an error of judgment in run- ning the Emu at a high speed in a part of the river wlhich requires at night to be navigated with great caution, especially when he was steering her under unfavourable circumstances, and was unable to make out her exact position; and he is hereby censured accordingly. ' Captain Burns holds no certiicate other than that of first-class engineer. " The Board cannot avoid expressing the deep regret they feel-a regret which cannot but be shared by Capt. Burns-at the lamentable result of this accident, and they would take this opportunity of impressing upon the masters of steamers carrying large numbers of pas- sengers, the immense responsibility which rests upon them on these occasions, when the lives of so many persons are entrusted to their care-a responsibility which forbids the neglect of any reasonable precaution for ensuring the safety of those on board. " In conclusion, the Board would recommend that before the Emu is again employed on excursion trips, or otherwise in carrying large numbers of passengers, the steering wheel, should either be placed on a plat- form, level with the top of the paddle-boxes, or a wheel so placed at either end of the upper deck as to prevent passengers from standing before, or the awning from obstructing the lookout of the helmsman. "G. P. HEATH, "Commander, R N., " Chairman. " Marine Board Office, "Brisbane, September 20, 1876." - Last evening's Telegraph. Only four applications were received on Tuesday at the Helidon Laud Office for the country recently resumed from the Tenthill run. For the available lands, Messrs O'Keefe and T. Allen were the suc- cesful applicants.-D. D. Gazette. The London Times reports the following proceed- ing in the Court of Bankruptcy, July 20, before Mr Registrar Pepys, sitting as Chief Judge, in re John and George Harris:--"The debtors, who are mer- chants, carrying on business at 5, Great Winchester street Buildings, and at Brisbane, Queensland, have, by power-of-attorney, filed a petition for liquidation. Their liabilities are estimated at £300,000, with assets about £200,030, consisting of stock-in-trade, produce, book debts, ships, and other property. Mr C. E. Jones, for the petitioners, and with the concurrence of creditors for £60,000, asked that Mr C. Chatteris, accountant, should be appointed receiver and manager in the estate. The evidence showed that in December last an arrangement was come to with the creditors for payment of their claims by instalments, extending over a period of twenty-one months, and promissory- notes were given for such instalments. It was sub- sequently agreed that the debtor, John Harris, should proceed to Brisbane, where his brother already was, to superintend the realisation of the assets, and to remit the proceeds to this country to meet the notes, and a committee of inspection was appointed to pro- tect the interests of the general body of the creditors. From advices just received from Brisbane, it had been ascertained that the notes due on the 28rd instant, amounting to about £85,000, could not be met, and, in order to preserve the property, the committee had presented a petition for liquidation. Telegraphic communication with Brisbane had been interrupted, and it was impossible for nearly a period of three months to get any reply to a communication. The solicitor in the case (Mr T. Phelps) was informed that some of the English creditors intended forthwith to send out their claims to Brisbane and enforce pay- ment, and so obtain a preference over the other credi- tors. His Honour granted the application." MADAME SIBLEY IN A NEW ROLE.-From the Ben- digo papers we learn that Madame Sibley, the well- known mesmerist and phrenologist, has been fined for assaulting Mr Byfield, a clerk in the office of the Ben- digo Independent, and a nephew of the proprietor, Mr J. G. Edwards. It appears that Madame found fault with the account that was presented to her for advertising and printing, and subsequently Mr Byfield made out another account, and went to her at the Shamrock, accompanied by Mr Bartlett, collector for Mr Edwards. The rest of the proceedings is thus described in Mr Byfield's evidence:--" The defendant's daughter and agent were in the room with her when they entered. Witness said, 'I have brought you the corrected account,' to which the defendant replied, ' All right.' Witness then asked her to let him have the other account. She was sitting on the sofa at the time, and took the account out of a reticule, which was on the sofa, handing it to him. He thanked her, and handed her the account for the full amount, after which he tore the other one in two, being of no use. As soon as she looked at the fresh account she said, 'No you don't,' and rushed at him, and caught him by the hair of his head with both her hands, knock- ing his head against the wall. He did not snatch the account from her. He could not say how many times she bumped his head against the wall, as, owing to the sudden nature of the assault, he was rather con- fused. He was sure, however, that he was bumped against the wall a good many times. His hat(pro- duced) was smashed in during the assault. It was not broken before, though there was a small dent in it. The rest of the damage done to it was caused by Madame Sibley. She bumped his head so violently as to raise a lump. She said that she would sooner give £100 to the lawyers than be imposed upon." AN AWKWARD MISTAKE.-It is, not often that the table of a steamer on a short voyage is well at- tended, no matter how large the muster-roll of pas- sengers; and even most of those able to make a show of being independent of the common enemy are too much afraid of a sudden lurch of the vessel to appreciate the jokes of less sensitive passengers. But an incident occurred during the last passage of the Tasman, from Sydney to this port, that was suff- ciently provocative of laughter to make even the sick forgeet their pangs. On the first occasion when the passengers were able to muster in anything like full force they had seated themselves waiting Captain Lyon taking the head of the table. When the cap- tain did this he meant business; his appetite was keen, and no sooner had he seated himself than he began to ply the carving-knife, and had helped one or two of those around him, when from the other end of the table, where sat a Scotch clergyman, who did not relish this hasty gracelessness, was heard proceeding in slow and solemn voice, one hand being outstretched to attract attention, the to some, not unfamiliar words, " Let us ask a blessing on these mercies." Captain Lyon, whose eye the clergyman had sought to catch, not hearing what was said, but believing he had been asked to take some of the dish before the speaker, instantly replied, " No, thank you, sir, not any for me; I prefer a bit of good roast beef." The clergyman was thunderstruck, and his surprise was not lessened by the burst of laughter that greeted Captain Lyon's answer, till an explanation followed, when he good humouredly said, " Oh, I thought the captain was objecting on principle to my constituting myself his chaplain."-Hobart Town Mercury. CHINESE CEREMONIES.--Our Chinese fellow citi- zens were in a state of great excitement during the whole of Sunday (says the Ballarat Star), and up to about 3 a.m. this (Monday) morning. They believe that the souls of those Chinese who have died a natural death wander restlessly about, cold and hungry, " seeking rest and finding none," so, once a year a grand feast is made, and immense fires lit for their benefit, and that these spirits may be promptly clad, clothes-something after the style of milliners' pat- terns-are cut out of gilt paper, and are burnt, dis- solving very appropriately into thin air. On Sunday, notification of what was to be done for their benefit was given by the beating of gongs, drums, &c.;, to these restless spirits, and at about midnight, when they were supposed to be all present, a priest, named Che Ah King, who lives at Haddon, commenced the religious ceremony by blessing the offsprings of the charitable. These consisted of dishes of rice, pork, &c.;, cooked, and laid in two rows near the fires pre- viously lit. Spiritual beverage, in the shape of gin, was emptied on the ground, and after the burning of the paper clothes, the rice and pork, of which the ghosts were supposed to have eaten, was distributed among the Chinese ragpickers and beggars, none who could afford to stand upon ceremony deigning to touch it. The lepers from the ranges were present, but made their offerings at a respectful distance from the other Chinamen, and consumed at the close of the ceremony what they had brought themselves. ENGLISH RACEHORSES.-A writer in the Courier says:- "'Tis morn, yet scarce you level sun Can pierce the war-clouds rolling dun Where furious Frank and fiery Hun Shout in their sulphurous canopy:' Those lines occur to me when I hear how Kisber walked in for the Grand Prix de Paris, which the French have won seven times, the English five times ; and now just as the Britishers were due for another turn of victory, Austria steps in and walks off with it. The "fiery Hun" has beaten the ' furious Frank" this time, and Hohenlinden, Marengo, Solferino, &c.;, have been in a manner bloodlessly wiped out on French soil. It is not often that Austria beats France, and even now, I suppose, Britishers of ultra views would call it a British, and not an Austrian, triumph. These " man-eating" horses are often plume of the first magnitude, and Kisber's papa was no exception. Buccaneer was a brother (on the dam's side) of the famous Cruiser whom Mr Rarey tamed. The savage- ness and the speed appear to go together. Buccaneer had wonderful "fool," and would never have been sold from England to Austria but for it being supposed that his "hocussing" for the "two thousand" had ruined him. Kisber's performance in the Grand Prix de Paris is wonderful: he ran the two miles in three minutes twenty-two seconds, in a canter, and without a hair turned, beating the second horse by five lengths, which he might (so bystanders say) have easily made a hundred lengths, and as it was he distanced most of the field, who came in trembling and in a foam with the terrific task he had set them in following him. Kieber, in short, is a horse that would leave our Richmonds, Golds- boroughs, &c.;, at the end of two miles, as if they were standing still. The owner, Mr Alexander Baltazzi, a Hungarian banker, won £60,000 on the Derby, and £16,000 on the Dewhurst Plat, but is not likely to win any more such sums on him. A word now for the Oaks mare, Enguerrande, who came in second to Kisber for the Grand Prize of Paris. She finished within five lengths or less than a second of the win- ner, or say in 3 min. 25sec. for the two miles, and not distressed. Now this at any other time would enable her to win half-a-dozen Grand Prizes, but she had no more chance with the champion than Regalia, the Oaks mare of 1865, had with the terrible Gladiateur. In order to get at a fair appreciation of this masterly and almost matchless performance of Kisber's, we must bear in mind the fact that he travelled two miles at his dead case in little over the same time that hotly- contested St. Legers of a mile and three-quarters are got through in Australia and England. So that Kisber could have beaten the average of these winners by a quarter of a mile in the Leger course, possibly by more had the hunt been extended to two miles. Fact and figures are stubborn things, and there is no getting over these. There is nothing after all like a touch of wild " man- eating" blood for imparting speed, and it is little wonder that the mounted thoroughbred is often unable to ???? ass of Syria or the mustang of the Rio Grande. 