DISTRICT NEWS, Jkulby. (from our own correspondent.) He is not dead but slccpcth, and it i with feclingsof extreme pleasure and delight 1 inform you of the fact that 1 am still afire and kicking, nml not as yet quite snuffed out oy the recent trenchant editorial of our ' local thumlcrcr, although a report was in circulation last week amongst the modern Babylonian that 4,Your Own Correspondent" was completely extinguished — had, in fact, given up tho ghost, and many copious liba tion were poured out at the shrine of Bacchu, with earnest and fervent prayers that my ghostly shadow would never ngnin revi«it tho City of the Plain. This jubilant worship was confined to a very few of the thmidcrer# "gentlemen resident in the town " to whom it appears my correspon dence with you ha given great offence. I may here observe that the letter# in question had no matafama or prejudice of any person whatsoever, but rather for the Information and edification of mankind, so that it be comes a sort of duty to promulgate them in i/Ainn jwbticum. It is true I may have been rather plain in my way of placing their little peccadilloes before your readers and your- think to you, as 1 cannot help thinking 1 have some right lo discharge the overflowing "of my "spleen" upon you, who<e province it is to remove the disorder that occasion it; and let me tell you, it i no small amclinml ion of my grievances that I haven sensible friend to whom I can communicate my crusty humour, which by retention would grow into!- crablyncrhnonions. How the above report of my being defunct got circulated I was anxious todi#covcr,asI felt rather daspendentat being considered '" put out of the way." 80, by way of reviriug my drooping spirits, I paid a visit to the little Star Chamber nnd the garrulous landlady, and after we bad in dulged in our usual gin nml bitters, I divulged some of the secrets of tho aforesaid royal chamber, which would not be prudent nt present to chronicle, but some articular will be given in afuturccommunication. But one tl;ing her ladyship told me with an air of great ratiffaction', that tho member were vastly satisfied with tho slating the Dilhy ; Herald had given mo, and thought it would —to u #c oil Iridmin— " take Ihe coal off my fine." Afterward I met tlio old fellow hitu-. self in the street, and 1 must say he looked a if he bad achieved triamphu efarhtr qvam gratiar. I promised some lime ago to furnUh you with futl|particularsin connection with tlio ease in which a certain I'M. and a pretty baby- were objects of great public interest; but, I refrained from doiim so in ho;>c that tho Colonial Socrelnrj, if it come within the bounds of hi dqiartment, would have caused an enquiry to be made about the matter ; nnd, I am lust in amazement tbat such enquiry has not yet taken place. Mrs, Jono think that the Col. See. has enough to do. to retain his seat us a Minister of the Crown, lo think of the judicial griornncts of suohnn out-of-thc- wav place as Dnlby ; but, a 1 hear soino nnr1on charge havo been made at head quar ters against some in connection with the said- court, I havo no doubt as #non a thing# bate settled into their onlumry groove a lot of things will be brought to fight, hithcrio overlooked or winked at by the detriment," and which seriously disturb tho mind of straitlaccd and probably over-scrupulous in dividuals like myself. The great feature of the past week has been a concert given in commemoration and in aid of St. Johu. 1 know it is not fair to criticise amateurs, but there arc a few matters in cou-' ncction therewith that could not escape a passing observation. Now, I have tbe. | greatest veneration for bij-eatatshiy, Jbut I consider I threw away three shillings on Tuesday night last, as the only part of the programme worth listening to was the In strumental portion which was fairly rcn- ! dcrctl. The glee were in t even "fair to i middling, ' and the solo, wit h two exceptions, . were simply execrable. In the first of the two referred to Mr. Wilkicsaug "The British Lion." He is possessed, of what I might term, " a lazy pleasing voice," which, by culture, might be made really good. The fame may l>c said of Mr. Cribb who interpreted " Simon the Cellarer" in a most effective style, 1 am sorry, for his own sake, I ennnot say the same of Mr. CbtibU the conductor, who made a me of the time in tlie glee, a horrible havoc of the solos and trio# he was engaged in. The local tbiindcrcr, with its usual accu racy, rcjiort him to have sung "Tbe Armourer,'' whereas he attempted Santlcy'n famous Kong ''The Ktirrup Cup." Having heard Hnntloy in this' song years ago, and when it was considered then hi ehrf d'tracrc, you may cndly imngine what agonic I en dured while listeningto Mr. Chubb' render- ing ; not but bc.lookcd, and. I bare no doubt felt, as tnucb self-confidence a# would have mode the fortune of many a genius. But a Virgil has it vox finieibitx hoit , and in fact produced such descordaut sounds a# might novo discomposed the 1 towels of a fiat iron. The god at length delivered me from this trial, nnd (he concert was brought to a c!o«e, t he worst, a far a I a! en t is concerned . t hat was ever given in Dnlby. It was noticeable that. nillicugh given for the aborcnamcd object, very few of St. John's votaries were present to do him " honor and emolument," the bulk of the audience being composed of member# of other creeds. It is Mid that another con cert will be given Ai rtly. If so, it into bo hoped ihe concertcr will choose a more cul tivated and efficient conductor. I have looked in rain through the columns of our local journal for nn advertisement calling a meeting of the member. of the N.D.J. Club, a the yearly meeting, I era in formed, should take place about tbe 1st proximo. I suppose the Treasurer ha not yet prepared hi "financial statement." I am not a member, but I ain nnxiou to hear f- cannot see, this interc.ding document. 1 he Tank hasdi-hunorcd ihe pro. twtc omuch talked of, and your reader# will be curious to know about the exj»endiluro of .some of tho club's fund., or how the committee was authorised to sjiend same, all of which will be duly chronicled. The weather continues cold and frosty.and stock of all kinds suffer acutely. Everybody hero hope for the early advent of Hiring. ' Dal by, July 29th, 187G. 