SYMBOLOGY OF RITUALISM ! By Nemo. Sense, alas ! is too apt to be substituted for frith in regarding divine verities, aad particu larly bo amongst Romanists and their priestly alies, those sacerdotal Ritualist clergy of the English Church ; and 'tis piteous to witness their duped peoples so eager to embrace those outward showy symbolisms which they present to vie\y, rather than the spiritual simplicities of the simple Gospel or Uhnst, impiously presum ing of their own will to make, devise, aud show forth all those silly puerilities appertaining to sacerdotalism ! wrongfully assuming as they do, that the Lord Jesus Himself instituted a material and a sacrificing priesthood for his Church, under His gracious New Testament's spiritual rule. Bat there is one thing of all things else most heterodox, and to which i would specially refer, and that is, their holding forth as truthful that the very material wood itself that was raised as a Cross at Golgotha, by His enemies, and on which our blessed Lord's body hung Dierced with nails, was de facto the holy Altar of God. Yes! those Romanizing. I Ritualistic clergy would make believe that the very cross ot timber, provided by His Jewish and Roman enemies, was God's Holy Altar. O, cry fie for shame to them ! 'Tis an insult to I the spirit of the once crucified, now glorified Son of Man ; and only a want of consideration could lead any student of revelation so far, far astray from truth as it is in Jesus. Only let such I consider that it was the Altar that sanctified the gift offered up to Deity, and a cross of timber could never be an Altar to sanctify the offering of Himself, the holy, meekly, loving Christ ! And so for anyone to venerate the wooden cross itself, or any emblematic resem blance to it, be it made of gold, silver, precious stones, nay, even were it made of poor Peter's bones, and deem such jure devino holy, 'twould be impiety in the very extreme of idolatry, and ought to be thought of as a deceitful trickism of sacerdotal jugglery ! ' „ . I Protestants who deceive the cheat, cannot fail to pity the deluded ones, who are led to swallow with a gulp such a lying vanity as this priestly nostrum. O no, no 1 the timber. cross-set up on the wee hill of Calvary, outside the gates of Jesusalem, was not, and could never be the one holy Altar on which our Lord laid the one offering of Himself to God ; for the Altar of God ; was like Himself, supremely pure and holy. " ' O yes ! it was the divine nature or essence that sanctified for ever the holy offering of the Son. of A fan for us, and this was the holy Altar- of God!! ' And we as enlightened Protestants in these days of delusive shams, must raise our protest against the entire host of Romanizing ' clergy wno aare, m so rar as tneir . innuence goes, to render void by their materialistieisms the one only holy Altar of Christ Jesus, thereby doing I a continuous despite to the Holy Ghost ! For every time they exhibit a created— cross— object, which is in itself an object of shame and the curse, and hold it aloft to the eye of their silly I votaries as a sign and symbol to be adoringly venerated, they obscure and hide from the masses in a perishing world, the gracious truth of heaven, that it was in very verity the divine essence that sanctified the Saviour's free, gift and sacrifice of Himself for us and for our salvation ! and the saving knowledge of which gives to every one of its possessors a ground of confidence I Godward most delightfully sure, and sublimely true 1 On the banks of the Moruya, 26th May, 1876. 