ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] The R.M.S.S. Mongolia, with the English mail, arrived off Glenelg at 5 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. The following are the letters of our European correspondents transmitted by telegraph from Adelaide :- HISTORY OF THE MONTH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THE EASTERN QUESTION. LONDON, Nov. 26. The Eastern horizon is still cloudy, but the indications of impending change daily grow stronger. Russia has spoken, Austria is ostentatiously negotiating, and Turkey is sinking deeper into difficulties. Cabinet Councils are held almoBt every day, and their business must be more than prepara- tion for tho coming session. Rumours begin to thicken. It is said that Sir Garnet Wolseley, who but lately returned from Natal, bas been told to hold himself in readiness for active service, and that Lord Napier of Magdala, on his way from India, has been stopped and stationed at Gibraltar, and this week troops are being despatched to Malta, i These incidents are easily explained by the outbreak in the Malay Peninsula, and viewed in that light they BUggost no moro than a determination on the part of the Government to omit no prudent pre- cautions, but they serve to stimulate the public curiosity. The probabilities are all in favour of peace, at least so far as the great powers aro concerned ; but there are contingencies which may lead to danger- ous complications. The insurrection in Bosnia and tho Herzegovina may be sup- pressed by an armed occupation, peaceful reforms may diminish tho risk of war, the final collapse of Turkey may be poatponedt but whatever comes, tho day of intervon tion Beems close at hand. The one topic which overshadowed all others in Mr. Disraeli's speech at the Guildhall banquet on Lord Mayor's day was this Eastern question. He said it would be affectation to pretend that the Herzegovinian insurrection had not brought a state of affairs which in that part of the world very often becomes critical. The wise forbearance of the great powers had at one time seemed to promise an termination of the difficulty, hut the early financial catastrophe in Turkey had re- newed the expiring.struggle, andgivenanew aspect to all the circumstances, creating hopes and fears in quarters and in circles where they had not before existed. "It is impossible," said the Premier, " to deny that circumstances of this character are critical, but for my own part, I have still great confi- dence in that forbearance to which I have referred. I believe that it will continue to be exercised, and I have myself not only a trust, but a conviction, that means will be ascertained which will bring about a satis- factory result-a result which will bo con- sistent with the maintenance of peace, and which will bo satisfactory to the public opinion of Europe. I will not contemplate any other result, and therefore I will only say that the interests which tho Imperial powers have in this question no doubt are more direct than those of Great Britain, but though more direct, they are not more considerable; and those to whom the conduct of your affairs is now entrusted are deeply conscious of the nature and mag- nitude of those British interests, and those British interests they are resolved to guard and maintain." The country is well content that this spirit should prevail in the negotia- tions which are now proceeding, and which, if rumour may be trusted, havo sinco traversed ground requiring the utmost tact and discretion. The change of opinion in relation to Turkey is most marked. By common con- sent she seems doomed at last to suffer the penalties of years of misgovernmont What precise form the punishment may take wo cannot tell, nor how long she may Btill be able to maintain a languishing existence ; but the handcuffs are threatened, if no worse fate befal her. Projects are now whispered which revive the old talk about dismem- berment, and we havo the details of schemes which would not be carried out but at the risk of a general conflagration. Hitherto Prince Bismarck has preserved a discreet silence. Scarcely a rumour of German policy has ontered into Europe, but now we aro told that ho is shaping new de- signs. Germany is said to havo proposed, first, that Wallackia and Moldavia (now con- stituting the Roumanian principalities) and all the territory north of the Danube should federate with the German empire. 2nd. That Bosnia, Herzegovina, Bulgaria, and all the territory along the south bank of tho Danube (except, it is proBumed, Servia) should be annexed to Austria. 3rd. That Constanti- nople and the Roumanian provinces should he incorporated with Montenogro into one state. Such a scheme leaves Russia out of the account altogether, but she is taking her own ground, and is said to have suggested that England should havo Egypt, on condi- tion that Russia take Constantinople. Ac- cording to one authority these proposals have been actually submitted to our own Foreign Office, but they much more probably represent only floating ideas. The journal that vonches for them remarks that it is known that Russia would go to war against the carrying out of the German scheme, and it is not probable that Germany would acquiesce in tho Rus- sian proposals without obtaining some, at least, of the advantages to bo got by tho partition of Turkey. Should either of the Northern Empires attempt to carry thoir plans into execution, England would not defend Constantinople, but would probably take an island in the Levant, Cyprus, or Mitalone, and occupy the Euphrates valley, commanding at once Syria, Asia Minor, Egypt, and FerBia, and thus protecting tho routo to India. Meanwhile, wo learn from Vienna that the German Government have informed the Porte that it is no way re- sponsible for the views exprossod by the German papers as to the alteration of the status quo. From the same city alarm- ing rumours have been obtaining curronoy as to the movement of large masses of Russian troops towards the Gallician border, and the repair of river bridgoB by Austrian o iii cora in order to make thom fit for tho pas- sage of artillery. The two Governments wore supposed to be acting in concert, and it was alleged that the preliminaries of a con- vention had boen drawn up, under which, in certain eventualities, a Russian army would bo allowed to pass through parts of G alucia and Hungary in a southern direction. These various statements, if baseless, all point to contingencies which disturb Eastern Europe, and which cannot bo overlooked by our own country. The contents of tho Austrian note, whioh is said to be under discussion between tho Cabinets of Vienna and St. Petersburg, appear to have unpropitiously leaked out at Brussels. If the version now published on " undoubted authority" be correot, Count AndrasBy's suggestions have no special sig- nificance. He proposes that all Chris- tian Bubjects be protected on exactly the same level as Muesulmans, inclusivo of liabilities to military service ; that taxes be collected in Christian districts by Christian tax- gatherers; and tbatChristianmaglstrates be appointed equally with Turkish caohis for dealing with mixed cases. There is nothing here to cause any disquietude. We are told that Russia demurs only to the conclusion of the note, which implied that other measures might be necessary if these reforma were not carried oat, although the Forte had pro fessed its readiness to enter into any engage- ment, if only ita dignity were fairly Con- sidered. Austria in return professes to de- sire above all things to avoid inflicting any semblance of humiliation. If this version is to be trusted, there is something almost ludicrous in the tender courtesy with which these moderate reforms are to be urged ; but Russia has spoken in a much more positivo manner bofore all Europe, and in those facts, reported from Brussols, there is no allusion to the meana by which reforms shall be effected, or the guarantees by which they Bhall be maintained. The so-callod draft reads as if it belonged to the first stags of the negotiations, woeks ago. Tho wholo aspect of affairs has changed sinco then. Russia waa the first openly to advocate a more active policy. At the close of last month the official Gazette of St. Petersburg published an important article, which at- tracted attention on all hands. It stated that the recent alliance of Russia with the two other powers in the interests of peace, did not involve the sacrifice of its sym- pathies for tho Sclavonic Christians, that she had been tho first to raise a voice for tho unhappy Herzegovinese, and, it continued "Russia, Germany, and the Austro-Hun garian monarchy, acting in union with the object of averting any possible intervention of Turkey, have called upon the lattor to come to an arrangement with the insurgents, and France, Italy, and England supported the rost Turkey, in reply, promised to introduce sub- stantial improvements in the position of the Sclavonic Christians, and the Sultan issued an order ordering measures of relief, and the establishment of equal rights for Christians and Mahomedans. Nevertheless, as similar resolutions decreed on former occasions by the Sultan, öfter being extorted by the gua- ranteeing powers, had never been adhered to for any length of time, and as consequently confidence is no longer placed in such de- cisions, the Cabinets must tako stops to strengthen that conGdenco, without which Turkey cannot carry out the roforms she earnestly intends to introduce. In any case, an end must be first put to the present sad condition of the Christian population of Turkey." This declaration was sufficiently definite, and formed a point of new departure in European opinion. About tho same time, one heard that General Ignatieff, the Russian ambassador, had had a two hours' audience of the Sultan, in which, like our own am- bassador, ho dwelt on the bad odministra tion of tho country, thu discontent of the population, the dilapidated state of the finances, and the consequent urgency of reform. The main points since discussed appear to have been the guarantees that Turkey can give for the execution of her promises, and the degree of self-govern- ment that should bo granted to the Christian communities within her'dominion. Russia, notwithstanding her declaration, is now represented as most moderate in her requests, and as anxious to preserve peace. It may be that sho has found it in expedient to take the stronger ground. An article this week in the Journal de St. Peters- burg remarks that neither an attack upon Turkey by tho Northern Powors, nor au arbi- trary occupation of Turkish territory by Austria and Russia, would be in harmony with the relations at present existing be- tween the different states. Nothing but the united action of all tho powers is con- ceivable. TURKISH MISRULE. The Porte is about to explain its own pro- jects of reform. In a diplomatic note it pro- poses, we are told, to commute the tithes into a money tax, to make an equitable regu- lation of the ground rent, and to curb the power (of the Turkish landlords over their Christian peasants. Its prosent powerless neBB to do anything is, however, apparent in the disturbed districts. We receive the most contradictory accounts, but it is certain that the insurgents are mustering in strong for. midable bodies, and that to whichever sido the victory inclines in separate engagements, the contest is no nearer a conclusion. The Times' correspondent in this region sends homes some terrible stories of Turkish cruelty and misrule. For example :-" A sample of justice served out in Herzegovina, . and which wo are so often told loaves no reason for insurrection, must finish my letter. I saw one of the victims of it before I left Russia, just re- leased from three years' imprisonment in irons, A certain young roan from the neighbourhood of Trebinge, had in a quarroi killed an Aga, and fled to Montenegro. His nearest male relatives were therefore arrested to the number of six, and thrown into prison, boing tortured in various ways to compel confession of complicity, some being put in long wooden boxes like coffins, and rolled down hills, others being stood up- right with their heads in a hole in a floor of the prison, which allowed them to rest on their shoulders, having splinters of wood driven under their finger nails. The father of the murderer died in prison, and one of the cousins was taken out of the prison here in MoBtar, just five days before the con- sular commission arrived, and hung be foro one of tho mosques, to calm the excitement of the Baahi-Bazouks, the ruffians, who to show their sonso of such occasional luxuries, had only six days ago planned a general massacre of the Christians of MoBtar, and were only dis- suaded from their schemo by being assured by one of the moro prudent Agas that such feats would only reBult in tho Austrian army taking possession of the country." This is the system on which Servor Pasha has to base his reform, and within which ho hopes to find materials which will work harmoniously together for the consolidation of tho Ottoman Government. 2Vie Times Btrongly favours foreign inter- vention as theonly solution of tho prosentdiffi cully, and is unsparing in its exposure of Tur- kish corruption. For instance, "If Russia should affect to bo satisGod with the plodges of the Sultan it will bo merely becauso Bhe ia not prepared for intervention, and bocause she knows that sho can have a aufficiont ex- cuso for it at any future time. If Austria should not occupy Bosnia and Herzegovina( tho reason will bo tho inability of horself, Russia, and Germany to agreo as to what should be dono after tho pacifica- tion of the provinces. Nothing elso can give it a chance of poaco at prosont, and intervention can only bo delayed, not avoided. Either now or at some othor time, by Austria or by some othor state, the pro- vinco must bo taken out of tho hands not only too incompotont to rulo it, but com.' polled by the law of their being to fling it into periodical rebellions, pernicious to the whole of Europe." The haily News, representing another school of politicians, is explicit on tho points of moBt importance to this country : -",To us it is a matter of very small concern into whoso hands Constantinople may ulti- mately fall, or by what power a protectorate or actual sovereignty may bo oxercisod over Bosnia and the Danubian provinces. It ia as an Asiatic rather than as a Europoan power that the fate of Turkey concerna us, and for us Turkoy is Egypt, and indeed, something much less than Egypt that narrow line of canal whioh joins tho Mediterranean with the Red Sea. England cannot hold this right of way on the suffer, ance of any othor powor. To do so would be to give up India, and we can no more give up India than wo can givo up Ireland or England itself. Tho possession of Gibraltar is chiefly useful as insuring our ships accoss to the Suez Canal and to have the key of the door which commands the ontrance of the Mediterranean is useless if the door whioh ought to let ua ont is to be looked in our face. In liko manner, Mr. For- ster, addressing his constituents at Brad- ford, spoke the mind of the great ma- jority of his countrymen when he touched this question. "Turkoy is an old ally," ho said, "but I think we spent as much blood and money 20 years ago OB we think it neon« eary to Bpend. (Cheers.) I believe we an as ready to go to war as we ever were, bat while we never wero moro strong, we never were»-more determined not to drift or e dragged into any needloss and meddlesome coarse. (Cheers.} "-We have won interests . which must be maintained to preserve onr communication with India, but that does not mean that we wish to trespass on the rights of Egypt or Turkey, or any other country ; and asregards what may followfrom the present position of Turkey, if unable to survive its difficulties, our sole wish is that the population now within her provinoes should have the best treatment possible for them ; that their position should bo settled with regard to justice and the preservation of peace. While I think the country ought to watch carefully what is dono, yet we ought not to be suspicious of the other powers, and ought not to suppose that they mean an attack, whicb, for my part, I do not think they do." ANOTHER IMPERIAL STAKE. In this relation to Egypt, the Govern- ment have taken a startling step, only announced this morning, and that by tele- gram from Alexandria. They have bought of the Khedive shares of the Suez Canal to the amount of £4,000,000, and the Egyptian Government is authorised to draw on Messrs. Rothschild at sight for the amount. That is to say, England now holds 117,000 out of the 400,000 shares. As Tilt Times remarks-"No waiting for Par liamenr, and no feeling of public opinion ; no mysterious hints to prepare the City for somethingremarkable. The nation wakes thia morning to lind that it has acquired a hoavy stake in the security of a distant land, and it will bo herd by all the world to have entered on another phase of Eastern iPolicy." THE FRENCH ELECTORAL LAW. The French Assembly is again in session, and is now occupied with discussions of much moment. The electoral law came first under consideration by general consent. 1*1. Tranclieu, a Legitimist of the pureBt water, stood up boldly on the threshold of the de- bate, and advocated the claims of the com- mittee. De Chambord movodja resolution to the effect that the Assembly should decline to pass to the discussion of the now law, but the extreme party to which he belongs could muster only 41 votes against 004. The first clause, which was carried, cncets that all Frenchmen 21 years of age and having resided in a commune for six months (not two years, as originally provided) are eleotors, and that the electoral list to be used shall bo that drawn up on the 31st of March last, which will continue in orce for 12 months fiom its date, by which determination the Assembly for the timo limits the period of its own existence, and compels a dissolution within the next eix months. Registration also is made obligatory on the authorities, without the electora making any claims. The succes- sive clauses occupied several days in debate, but the chief interest centred in the third, when the respective merits of the scrutin d'arrondissement and tho scrutin de lisle carno under review. It was .on this question that the Left joined battle with the Government, and there was much uncertainty as to the issue. These two phrases have been hurtling in the air for the last thrco months, and filling the minds of unlearned readers with mystery, but they are Bimple enough in their moaning, though the facts with which they deal aro com- plex. According to tho original project of the Committee of Thirty, each depart- ment would be entitled to oloct one deputy for every 70,000 inhabitants, every fraction of population above 35,000 counting as 70,000, and would constitute as an electoral college all the electors voting on tho list of candidates for the depnitment, and so having each the privilege cf a voto in the choice of the whole number of representatives ap- pointed lo it. This is the scrutin de liste. According to the amendment adopted by the Government, every administrative arrondis. Bernent is to return one deputy, and if exceed- ing 100,000 in population shall name one deputy more for every 100,000 or fraction of 100,000, but in that caso bo divided into two or more electoral colleges, so that no constituent body will be able to eleot more than one representative. This is the sertiim d' arrondissement. Tho two systems may be described tho one as dopartmontal, the other as parochial ; the one as national in its sympathies, the other as local. Under the first it might be expected that principles would have greater weight, nnd under the second that personal considerations would be in the ascendant. There may be occasions when these national tendencies will be over- borne, perhaps reversed, but it is evident that local and official iniluenco can be moro strongly brought to bear in the narrower sphere ; that agitation in detail is difficult ; and that a popular movement is more easily held in check by small con- stituencies, the wave of fooling breaking over many points rather than in gathered strength. The scrutin de liste is the systom by which two Parliaments wore elected under the Ropublic of 1848, and which also shaped the present Assembly. The scrutin d'arrondissement is confessedly a Conserva- tive measure. M. Ricard, the reporter of the Committee of Thirty, brought forward facts that bear upon another aspect of the quos tion. He argued that if universal Buffrage means anything it means that the number of the population must bo tho basis of the electoral system ; that the scrutin d'arron áittment violated this principle, Boeing that in the same department there are arron. dissements of oveiy BÍZO ; that in one 30,000 electors would return their deputy, and in another 99,000 would havo no larger privi- lege, while a third, bardy exceeding 100,000 in population, would disturb the olectoral Valanco on the other Bide with two repre. sentatives, Tho effect of these inequalities, as eince submitted to analysis, brings out tho fact that tho total number of deputies will be 532, or 203 leas than the present Assembly, which comprises 735 members, Paris will be represented by 25 deputio?, M. Dufauro, who followod M. Ricard, frankly admitted these inequalities, and was out- spoken on the advantages of the scrutin ¿'arrondissement as anothor Conservative guarantee. He urged that candidates and electois were often unacquainted with each other, and that the latter could not vote with discernment from a list of several names, and that the unnominal Bystom worked in favour of minorities. M. Gambetta was the last who spoke on the quoation, and he .elipsed all who had gono before him in the Yehemenco of his pi atory. For more than an hour and a half he held the attention of the «hole Assembly. This speech ia said to have been one of his greatest and most successful .fforts. He began calmly, bnt soon, cauied »way by the fervour of his feeling, ho pacod ne are told, from Bide to side of the naarrow tribune, tossed his long hair, and gesticulated with furious emphasis. His voice "swolled to burst of thumlorclaps, and at one point he ?mashed a lamp placed at tbo corner of the tribune." Ono of his first shafts was aimed at M. Dufaure, who had said that " a veil hung between the Assemblyand the country.' ^Everybody, he answered, knew full well what the country thought, and suoh a senti- ment did little honour to a Minister, being a confession of political blindness. It. Gambotta's itony was perhaps stronger than his arguments. He was more than once interrupted, bnt met tho inter- ruption with a Budden pauso and stoady gaee, as of scorn or astonishment. Evon opponents felt the spell of his eloquence, and hong upon his words. Not much remains of fire or brilliancy in the reports that havo .ometohand-only some few sharp sentences »nd clever sarcasms, nothing to account for the impression produced. He said, "Tho party which supports scrutin (l'arrondisse moil with; fury is neither the Legitimist party, nor the Bonapartist party, nor the Republican party. It ia the other -that which'became (constitutional on the 20th of February, and which will,be »onaicniçal when it find« it useful fro it to be so, I believe that despito scrutin d'ar- rondissement', they declare themselves as to tbe future reserved for them. But what matters it? They once suoceeded in changing a revolution into a wet-nurse-(roars of laughter)-and they say, 'Let na wait; the Constitution is almost monarchical ; we can- not tell what may turn up.' (Renewed laughter.) They envy the electoral successes of the Empire, but do not know the way to make use of them." M. Gambetta con- cluded by demanding a socret ballot proceeding which contrasted unfavour- ably with the boldness of his own speech, and was a virtual reflection on those whom he sought to convince. No one attempted a reply. The first to mount the tribune, and drop his voting- paper into the nrn, was AT, Thiers. The numbers proved to be 355 for , the scrutin d'arrondissement, and 328 for the scrutin de liste, giving a majority for the Government of 29. The clause may yet, how- ever, undergo some modifications, for there are 40 amendments awaiting the third read- ing. The debate on succeeding points has languished drearily, SPANISH AFFAIRS. When the November elections were still pending in the United States, the rumour went forth that a despatch had been addressed by the President to the American ambassador at Madrid, representing the state of Cuba as intolerable. When this statement had done its work, it was explained that the President had done nothing more than call attention to another despatch sont two years ago. Nego- tiations respecting Cuba are still pending, but nre said to be proceeding in a satisfactory manner. Don Carlos, however, took the opportunity to posture in a grand atti- tude. He addressed a letter to bia cousin Alfonso, in which he proposed at once to fight the common enemy, and en- gage not only to defend the northern coast against America, but to fit out privateers, and help to carry the conflict out to the broader seas. All accounts show the Carlista to bo losing ground in Madrid, There has been a great meeting of Consti- tutionalists to prepare for the assembling of the Cortes, and advocating a policy which might bo described aB conservative-liberal. THE WEATHER AND THE FLOODS. The weather during the last 10 days has moderated. We have had little rain. The floods- are everywhere subsid- ing, and the lands begin to dry under the bracing north winds. A committee has been formed at the Mansion-house, to collect funds for the relief of some of the thousands of poor who have suffered in this visitation, and subscriptions are fast coming in-the Queen having given 100 guineas-but not . yet in proportion to the need. We have been spared the awfnl desolation whioh fell upon Franco, for only here and there has a life been lost when some adventurous tra- veller or some more feeble person has been caught in the waters and swept away. Yet the destruction of property is so great and widely distributed, that these floods may be fairly described as a national calamity. It is remarkable that in connexion with these extiaordinory atmospheric disturb- ances we have accounts of an earthquake abock, which was felt in West Worcester shiie on the 30th of October. Yesterday we heard of a severer shock felt this week in Constantinople. MISCELLANEOUS NOTES. These floods have been the chief topic of the month, if we except tho questions arising on the Continent, which have divided publio interest Other matters must be touched but briefly. j The Marquis of Hartington bas bean speaking at Bristol (one of the guests of the Liberals in their annual Colston celebration.) He appears to be quietly gaining in public j favour by his good sense and moderation. The policy of the Liberals, as he represents it, is one of patience-to allow the country a period of repose and work steadily in the sumo direction of social reform as that to which the Conservatives aro now pointing as their chosen field. Mr. Ward nunt was not so fortunate as Mr. Disraeli in his appearance at the Lord Moyor'a banquet His reply to tho toast on behalf of the navy has brought down upon him a shower of criticisms that has not yet ceased. Ho spoke in a lively, jaunty style respecting the loss of the Vanguard, which did not at all accord with the feeling of the nation. "If the Iron Dake had Bent an enemy's ship to the bottom, we should have called her one of the most formidable ships of war in tho world, and all that she has done was actually what she was intended to do, except of course that the ship she struck was unfortunately our own property, and not that of an enemy." He dwelt on the bright Bide that no lives had been lost. ' There may have been one or two blunders, and the Vanguard has gone to the bottom of tho sea." The Iron Duke has bad a narrow escape from fonndoring in the English Channel. On Saturday morning she Bteamed out of Ply month Sound for a trial trip on the mea- sured mile, a short distance outside the Breakwater. Suddenly, and without ap- parent canse, an enormous volume of water burst into the ship, and, notwithstanding the closing of the watertight compartments and the manning of the pumps, it increasod to Buch an extent that the Iron Duke made the signal "sinking" to the Black Prince, Ad- miral Lord John Hay's flagship, lying in the Sound. This alarming signal was flying a quarter of an hour before it was seen, and meanwhile, on the Iron Duke at- tempting to fire distress guns, it was found tbat thero was no powdor on board, The Admiralty have since issued a minutoi in which thoy state that the ship was in no possible danger, and that tho cause of the accumulation of water, having boen dis; covored and remedied without difficulty or delay, tho vessel was pumped dry in 10 minutes. They say that the cause of the accident was a common one, and represent the wholo incident as exaggerated, but havo failed entirely to satisfy the public. If a vessel goes out on a trial trip, why should she be so ill prepared as to have to turn back within a mile ? It is said t,hat thero will be other ohansos in the Ministry shortly, besides those just made by the appointment of Mr. Gifford to be Attomoy-Genoral, and of Sir John Holker to be Solioitor-General, and that Mr. Ward Hunt will not meet Parliament. COLONIAL TOPICS, (moir OUR OWN oonnEsroNDBNT.) LONDON, Nov. 2G. NEW GUINEA. By the mail, via Brindiei, that arrived last Monday, we had the South Australian Register, of Uth October, containing a tele- gram from Brisbane of the previous day stating that the Ghevert was on her way back to Sydney, and that a large river, ka., bad been discovered. As no mention was mad« of any other party than that on board the Chevert, the inference was that the dis- coveries were made by the Macleay Expedi- tion. Most of the London papers published the intelligence. The following day, how- ever, the Daily News had a' long letter from a Mr. Smithhurst, engineer of tho Ellen- gowan, giving an account ot an expedition bp the Baxter River for 90 miles. The particulars wero so similar to those given in the telegram to Adelaide, supposed to refer to the Chevert, that we now conclude it is tho missionary vessel which has done the service. Yesterday's Flora had a letter from Lient. Armit, remarking that the posi- tion given by Mr. Smithhurst shows that the alleged new river is only the Fly, or one of its mouths. He further shows that some of the statements in the letter afford strong oorro. Duration to Captain Lawson'a, assertions, which have been so widely discredited. It has since been suggested that possibly the writer of the book was Lieut, Armit himself. At.any rote, the Incognito has np to the pre sent time been well preserved, although many endeavours have been made to discover the author. As Lieut. Armit'a name ia so very prominontly before the public just now, you will be interested in hearing that on the 20th mst.Iheappeared before the Bankruptcy Court, and is described as having been a com- mission and financial agent, with liabilities amounting to £23,778, and assets of £103,000, comprising an item of £98,000 in respect of unliquidated claims. The lieutenant was examined, and stated that he was engaged in a scheme having for its object the colo- nisation of New Guinea, and was anxious to complete his bankruptcy in order to take charge of the expedition to that territory. He kept no hooks, and know nothing of accounts. The proceedings were finally ad journed.twith a view to the bankrupt's ex. animation at a private sitting of the Court. SERICULTURE. Mrs. Bladen Neill ia unremitting in her endeavours to promote sericulture in Vic- toria. Many gentlemen here of good fortune are beginning to tako an interest in the sub- ject. Signor Ferrari, writing from Verona on the 19th inst, says that he has reared during the months of September and October last, a few grammes of silkworm grain, buff race, obtained from Mrs. Neill, and produced in Australia. The grain, in spite of tho ad- vanced season, succeeded perfectly, giving fine cocoons, much preferable to those ob- tained from the Japanese races, as waa aacer tained from the samples sent by Signor Ferrari to Rome, Milan, and London. Ho declares, moreover, that not a single case of disease of any kind occurred during the whole course of the education, but that every worm pierced its cocoon, and that without a single double one. This was the second education this year at the same place of Australian groin. Signor Ferrari's testimony is highly satisfactory. On tho Continent, ia various localities, attention is being given to Mrs. Neill's exertions in England, and some of the Austrian journals aro publishing trans- lations of tho papers she has read here. There much of the grain is procured from Egypt, and is not nearly so fine as the Vic- torian. Of course, to carry out sericulture on an extensive scale there will havo to be a greatly increased plantation of mulberry trees, and your Government might foster this industry as much as possible. MISCELLANEOUS. Mr. Gladstone's letter to Mr. G. H. Reid has been copied into about every journal in the kingdom, and scarcely one finds a word to say insuppoit of protection. Whenever allusion is made to your colony, it is con- trasted with New South Wales, to the advantage of tho latter ; and attention has boen drawn to your last quarter's revenue, showing a falling off of £11,000, whilst that of your older neighbour gives an increase of over £200,000. Victoria must indeed look to her laurels, or sho will be discrowned. The fate that it is supposed has overtaken the Strathmore, coupled with the infor- mation received respecting the stowage of gunpowder on board the Knight of Snowdon and Altear, which fortunately arrived safely at Port Chalmers, is likoly to lead to strin- gent regulations, if not legislation, restricting the carriage of gunpowder on board vessels conveying passengem ; and there is a general feeling in favour of adopting the suggestion of the secretary of the Australian and New Zealand Underwriters' Association, that ship- owners should be forbidden to carry gun- powder except in vessels in which a proper magazine is erected, made of copper and brass, without iron, and so arranged that it can be easily flooded, and the powder destroyed in the event of a fire. The Telegraph considers that tho perils of deck cargoes or carrying grain in bulk are but secondary matters when compared with this question. The Times of yesterday, referring to the outbreak at Perak, condemns the Colo- nial Office for the late proceedings on the Malay peninsula, and Bays that a change of ,. policy has been effected there without either receiving tho deliberate sanction of Parlia- ment or being brought under the notice of the people at largo. The article says :-"Sir Andrew Clarke boldly departed from the policy of non-intervention, and the result is something closely resembling annexation. The first accounts made public in England represented that Mr. Birch, the resident, had been killed in some private disturbance. The accounts now published show a vory different state of affairs." The leader concludes by saying :-" Whether our rule ia tole- rated or detested, is less important than the announcement which will, we think, be equally novel and unsatisfactory to moat Englishmen, that we are ruling at Perak at all." The title of Chevalier of the Legion of Honour has been conferred on M. Simon, French consul at Sydney, as also on M. Adet, long resident in your city. Mr, A. J. Horsley has been appointed sub- lieutenant on board the Tearl, for services on the Beagle, on the Australian station. At the opening meeting of the Geological Institute for the season, one of the papers read was "on a now fossil crab from the tertiary of New Zealand." Dr. Hector, in speaking toil, gave an account of the geology of the Southern Island. Tho Globe states that as so much cruising about the Fiji Islands will have to be under- taken by the Government officials there, the Colonial Office purposes to build a vessel of 150 tons specially for the purpose. The German screw corvette Louis, Captain Dilmar, from Wilhelmshaven, for Mol- bourne, put into Plymouth a shoi t time back, but has since proceedod on hor voyago. The rumour of the proposed cession of the Gambia to France has created some stir. Seveial of the missionary societies, as well as the Aborigines Protection Society, purpose seeking an interview with Lord Carnarvon to oppose the project, and to elicit an indica- tion of tho viow8 of the Government, which has hitherto been very íeticent on tho sub- ject. Some of the papers havo been alleging that the office of agent-general of Canada, held by Mr. Edward Jonkins, is one of profit under the Crown, and disqualifies him from sitting as a member of Parliament, and we !earn that, on inquiry at the Colonial Office, it was Btated that no official complaint had been made on the subject, but that no doubt was entertained that the agont- genoralship for a colony was not such a disqualification. It was pointed out that Mr. Burke and Mr. Roebuck held similar positions. We have had a later instance than this in the case of Mr. Childers. The Crystal Palaco Company's school of practical engineering is having a oolonial section added to it, designed particularly for the introduction of gentlemen who intend to proceed to tho colonies or abroad as ex- plorers or Bottlers. The object is to afford them as much practical knowledge of scien- tific and mechanical works and expedients as Bhall enable them best to utilise tho moans with which they have to deal, especially where dependent upon their own resources. Chapman, the pauper in tho Hull Work, house, who was advertised for as boing gone to Australia Bomo 30 years ago, has boen pro- nounced to be the real Simon Pure, and therefore entitled to a fortuno of £30,000. He had been five years in the workhouse, and the guardians purpose making him disgorge sufficient of his nowly-aoquired wealth to repay them the cost of his main- tenance for 12 months. Sir Charles Gavan Duffy is being sued in the County Queen's Bench, Ireland, at the instanco of Mr. George Pondor M'Gratb, a well-known bill discounter, on a promissory, note which ho had endorsed. Counsel for Sir Charles obtained leave to plead that the bill was an accommodation bill, that he re. coivedno consideration, and also that the recovery is barred by the Statute of Limita- tions. Mr. O. E. M'Devitt, late Attorney-General of Queensland, has applied to bo admitted to the Irish har. " , ¡' ,. ¡ The bronze medallion of the Boyal Hq mane Society bos been voted to John Field, a lad of 10, for saving the life of a person who fell into 10ft of water in the Meander River, Tasmania. A memorial is proposed to the late Mr. Gib- bon Wakefield. A marble bust is to bs erected in the vestibule of the new Colonial Office, and it is suggested that copies should be placed in the public halls of New Zealand and South Australia. Mr. B. L. Farjeon's new story, "At the Sign of the Silver Flaggon," many of the scenes of which are laid on the Australian gold-fields, is shortly to be issued. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. {roon OBB OWN OOnnBSrONBBHT.) LONDON, Nov. 26. The market value of money is drooping, and the immediate outlook is more reassur- ing. After having advanced by three rapid leaps from 2 percent, to 4 per cent, the Bank rate bos commenced a backward movement On tbe 18th the directors reduced the mini- mum to 3 per cent, wjiile the open market has gone to 2J, and in some cases lower. Another significant sign of coming ease and setúedness consists in the decline of discount rates in Germany. The Bank of Prussia on the 22nd lowered its charge from 6 to 5 per cent, and the outside terms are fully 1 per cent, below that. As the key of our own money market has for some time past been in Germany, these indications of relaxed stringency in that quarter aro of good omen for us. It is generally thought that the worst pinch arising from the Ger- man currency operations is over, and as the offer of commercial bills for discount in the London market is still very slack, we may anticipate a period of quietude and low rates. The position of tho Bank of England shotvs growing strength week by week. Turning to the Stock Exchange, all is un. settled and uncertain. Recent events have quite paralysed the regular course of busi- ness. Disorganisation, panic, and enormous loBSes have been the leading characteristics of the past month. Bonâ-fide dealings aro almost entirely suspended, and the leading markets are under the manipulation of "Bulls and Bears," who are driven to despe- ration by disappointment and disaster. Many of them are loaded with Turks, Egyptians and Peruvians, and can find no fools to take them off their hands. Do not be surprised at some heavy failures shortly. Australian securities meanwhile rise higher and stand firmer amid all this tumult and discredit. Nothing further has transpired as to the probability of any more satisfactory arrange- ments with the Turkish Government in the interest of the bondholders. Those in- terested in the tribute and guarantee loans of 1854, 1855, and 1871 waited upon Lord Derby early in the month to urge their special claims to exemption fiorn tho spolia- tory decree, but received very scant en- couragement Nothing beyond unofficial intervention was promised. Mr. Otway has Bince had an interview with the French Foreign Minister on the subject It is un- derstood that the two Governments are in communication on the subject, and that diplomatic pressure is being exerted at Constantinople. Meanwhile, tho Egyptian tribute continues to be paid into the Bank of England as heretofore, a fact which inBpireB these special bondholders with hope. Each of the other sections bas formed a committee to co-operate with the council of foreign bondholders their efforts to secure justice to all tho sufferers by the late decree. As it is clearly impossible for tho Tuikish Govern- ment in its present bankrupt oondition to continue the punctual payment of interest and sinking-fund allowances, the ingenuity of our financiers is being exercisedin devising schemes by which the debt of Turkoy maybe reorganised on principles of mutual fairness and equity. All impartial persons see clearly enough that if Turkey is hardly pressed abo will be likely to repudiate her obligations altogether. To prevent such a catastrophe several plans have been propounded for a re .adjustment, some of which have been io ceived with considerable favour, and have been submitted to the Turkish Finance Minister, but everything has been dolayed by the serious illness of the Grand Vizior. The French holders of Turkishsecurities have also formed aDefence Committee. A tranquilising effect has been produced by the announce- ment that the temporary loans of the Treasury havo been renewed, so that tho January coupons will bo paid by the Im- perial Ottoman Bank. Owing to the repudiatory action of Turkey, Levant paper has fallon into discredit, the Bank of England having refused to discount it The fluctuations in Egyptian stocks between the Gth of October and the present time havo been immense. Several of the loans fell from 22 to 32 per cent in a fortnight, but, influenced by reassuring reports after the subsidence of the panic, a portion of the loss has been reoovered. To tide over what was expected to be a disastrous bourse settlement towards the close of October, the Minister of Finance ad- vanced money to straitened speculators at 4 per cent Reports have been circulated that the Khedive, to satisfy his foreign creditors of the solvency of his financial position, has ' requested our Government to send out two trusted financiera to audit his accounts, and reform the present fiscal sys- tem. According to a balance-sheet cently submitted to the Khedive, the total expenditure of the past year WOB £10,790,386, and the revenue£10,812,787. Negotiations are now in progress with an Egyptian syndicate for the advance of four millions sterling, to meet payments due in December in connexion with the floating debt, but in spite of every attempt to keep up their confidence and courage Egyptian bond- holders are the reverse of easy in their minds. During the month thero has been, both in London and Paris, a tremendous panic in Peruvian stocks, oniug to the breakdown of the new guano contract The wholo affair ba s for months been involved in mystery, and has made Peruvian securities the sport of Bourse gamblers. On the 12th inst. every- body had boen givon to understand that all uncertainty was at an end. Arrangements had been comploted with the Sociútú Générale and its associates to advance nearly five millions to Peru on the security of guano shipments commen- cing 12 months hence. Up went stocks. A few days later it was bruited abroad that at the last moment the Peruvian Govern- ment had repudiated the bargain made by their commissioners, and immediately after- wards the contractors intimated their with- drawal from the contract, so all was at sea again, and down went the bonds with a iUsb, This is a bad time for loanmongers and company promoters. They ore living upon the i poils of the past, and waiting for the good days coming. Money is plentiful onough and good! investments aro eagerly sought but the publio have been so cruelly deceived by the glittering baits held out to them, that scarcely anything would tempt them to em- bark in any undertaking in their present dis- trustful mood. Since tho colonial loans so successfully negotiated lost month, no similar operation bos occurred in this market In view of J war, Servia contemplates tho raising of a loan of 2,000,000 ducats, and Go- vernment agents, it is stated, havo arrived in Paris and in London to effect that objoot a new Hungarian loan is looming in the distance, and the city of Cologne is about to insuo a loan of 6,000,000 marks for tho erec- tion of now gas and water works, but neither of these are likely to come upon our market. The Eastern Extension and Australasian Telegraph Company have announced that definitive bonds of the £320,000 new 0 per cent issue are ready to be exchanged for folly paid scrip, A circular has boon issued by .Hooper's telegraph works announcing the j 'issue of the first portion of the £80,000 0 per cent, debentuiesanthorisedftttbelastmeeting | of the company. These debentures to rank after the £100,000 to be given to Mr, Hooper. The virtually insolvent Briton Life Offloe is persevering in its determination to bolster up its affairs hy creating a new society under the old name, and worked by the old staff. ' The scheme is generally condemned by the press. We are invited to supply £240,000 to drain and supply water to the city of Campos in Brazil; £200,000 to start another co-operative society in Westminsteri and £300,000 to invest in £5 provident shares in another supply association, the holders of which will be entitled to surplus profits, which will accumulate and be payable on the share- holders' death to any person nominated. mviDBNrj MEBTIHO. London Chai tered Bank of Australia.-At an extraordinary meeting of the proprietors on the 15th inst., a dividend was declared of 4 per cent, for the half-year ending June last, which absorbs £40,000, and leaves a balance of £8,917 to be carried forward. The chairman said the half-year under review had not been a favourable one to banking, whether in this country or for Australia. In England, the value of money had been unusually low, the Bank rate having declined to 2 percent; and while some branches of trade had been much depressed, failures of no ordinary mag- nitude had been recorded. In Australia, a large failure had also occurred at Sydney. Although trade had not suffered there to the same extent as in the old country, other cir- cumstances had considerably interfered with banking profils. This had arisen from undue competition for business between the banks. The number of the banks' customers had been increased. This time last year it stood at 6,500, and now it waa 7,381. Their deposits had increased £223,701, and their discounts and otherchanc6s showed an addition of £03,923. With regard to the failures already adverted to, although the re- quirements of their business necessitated largo sums being kept in London at call on security of bills, ho was gratified to be able to state that not a single doubtful bill had passed through their hands daring the half-year, and they had, consequently, been in no way affected by the late financial failures at Sydney. They had also escaped loss, which, viewing the very serious charac- ter of the failures which had occurred there, Bpoke well for the vigilance exercised in the conduct of their affairs by their superin- tendent and legal director. In conclusion, the chairman referred to the progress that was being made in Australian wine culture, which, he Btated, was likely to become one of their staple exports. In reply to some observation of Mr. Bottley, on the probable success of the importation of Australian frozen meat, the chairman said a relative of his, who was a member of the Legislature of New South Wales, had written by last mail, stating that Mr. Mort had invited about SO members of the Legislature to inspect his works and freezing prooess, in which he had expended upwards of £40,000, and all present appeared to think that at no distant day he would succeed in the object he long had laboured to accomplish, and would import cargoes of frozen meat averaging from 50 tons to 100 tons. AMERICAN TELEGRAPHY. Great dissatisfaction is felt and expressed at the conduct of the two companies on whom we are dependent for our telegraphic com- munication with the American continent. The cable of the Direct Company was repaired about three week ago, and on resuming busi- ness the directors charged 3s. per word, although it was always understood that thoy were pledged to a 2s. rate. As the Anglo American Company simultaneously dropped their charge from 4s. to 3s. per (word, the public naturally suspect complicity, and have not been backward in charging the companies with selling them by means of a private arrangement. The accusation has boen vaguely repudiated by the Anglo-American Company, but the Direct Company maintain a discreet silence. Meanwhile, an association is being formed to lay another cable, and thus fight against this combination monopoly. It will be sure of support by the merchante of Lon- don and New York. THE PENINSULAR AND ORIENTAL COMPANY. Attacks upon the financial position of the P. and O. Company continue to be made in the Bow by Mr. George Bain, one of the former officials of the company. As the directors are about to apply to Government for permission to raise £800,000 upon debentures, the writer thinks the public ought to know the real circumstances of the concern beforo entrusting to it their money. The valuation of their fleet, he contends, is made up on utterly unsound principles, unlike thoso adopted by the Royal Mail and other steam companies, the object being to enhance im- mensely the assota of the company. The studied silence of the directors admita of two opposite interpretations, but any how it creates a good deal of uneasiness in many quarters. Three nnd a half per cent, is to be divided for the year._ COLONIAL WOOL SALES. The fourth scries of wool sales for the current year commenced on the 23rd inst, with a more numerous attendance of buyers than the unsatisfactory condition of trade had given reason to anticipate. The arrivals were 86,827 bales, of which 8,000 bales had been forwarded direct to Yorkshire and the Continent ; but adding the wools held over from last series, the total for disposal amounts to nearly 100,000 bales. Reviewing the resulta of the throe dayB* sales which have been held, Messrs. Schwartze and Co. remark :-"The sales are well attended. Considering the season and the small sup- ply of wools suited for export requirements, the foreign buyers muster in fair number, while the home trade is very largely re- presented. Biddings are fairly animated, and as far as Australian wools are concerned, prices maintain the level of the closing rates of laßt series. On Cape wools,however,there is an average decline of Id. to lid. per lb. It shows itself least in tho best snow whites, but is well marked in the medium and inferior sconred sorts, of which there is a large supply in the market. Eastern fleece sollsi and Natal fleece Id. to lid. lower than at the close of September. On greasy aorta the decline is id. to Id. per lb. The value of Cape wool has now fallen to a very moderate level, but in face of the large supplies offering, and of the generally unsatisfactory state of the trade.no very sanguine viow can bo taken of the chances of an early improvement. The Bales as at present arranged are to last till the 14th December. The last series of Liverpool sales of East India wool commenced on the 23rd, and will close on tho 27th inst., when about 14,000 bales will have been offered. The sales are well attended, but the competition is rather slack, and prices show a decline of Id. to lid. per lb. on the better wools, and of id. to i'd. per lb, on medium and inferior de- scriptions. _ EMMA MINING COMPANY. This gigantic swindle has again at- tracted public attention. On the 10th, a very stormy meeting of shareholders took place, lasting four hours, and end ing in the expulsion of the old directors and the eloction of a new board. Before the proceedings commenced, an exciting scene was produced by the determination of the shareholders to exclude Mr. Albert Grant's confidential clerk, who had been qualified for the occasion by the transfer of a Bhare, but which he had neglected to have registered. Towards the close a great sensa- tion was created by the discovery that £1,C00, repaid by three peccant directors, had been appropriated by the company's solicitor, who was threatened with arrest for embezzle mont. The late chairman told the meeting that the mine, which was sold for £1,000,000, was never worth more than £15,000, and that more than that sum had been dis- tributed in this country to secure t names that shouldt beguHe the publié , into talcing up the shares. Only £2,500 remains, the paltry, relic of this, mighty wreck. The recipients of the plunder are well known, and Mr. MacDbngall, the new chairman, and who is si heavy 'sufferer by the imposition; ¿as pledged himself'to spend £10,000,lf néed fnl, to punish the authors of the fraud, and one notorious individual in particular. The whole scandalous affair will, ere long, g* ventilated in our law courts by suits for restitution. Three days after this meet- ing, a decision affecting the company was given in the Court of Appeal. This was a suit instituted by Mr. MacDoagall against Mr. Gardiner, tho late chairman. The bill in the case alleged that at a meeting of the company last year the plain, tiff and his friends held a majority of votes, and that the chairman, knowing this, im- properly adjourned tho meeting, which he had no power to do. To this defondant de- murred, and the Court of Appeal, reversing the judgment of the Vice-Chancellor, has allowed the demurrer chiefly on tho grounds tbat the suit was not brought by the com- pany itself, but by individual shareholders. The judges held that if the majority of the company was willing to confirm what had been done irregularly, there was no use in litigation. PRODUCE MARKETS. Tallow.-The import of all kinds of foreign and colonial tallow last month was 7,451 casks, against 0,806 casks in same month last year, and 13,012 casks in 1873. The deliveries amounted to 8,792 casks against 7,319 casks in 1S74, and 7,868 caakB in 1873. Tho stock on the 30th ult. was 11,370 casks, against 24,532 casks in 1874, and 37,262 casks in 1873. Australian tallow has sold very irregularly. Present quotations are from Is. to 2s. per owt. dearer for mutton of fair to good quality, whilst beef is from 9d. to Is. lower than last month, viz.: Mutton, fair to good, 48s, to 50s. 6d.; beef, fair to good, 40s. to 47s. 3d. ; and mixed, fair to good, 47s. to 433. per owt The im- port during tho month haB boen 773 packages, eales, 3,133 packages, and the present stock in first hands is 2,000 packages, as against 3,941 packages at this time last year, 7,974 packages in 1873, and 13,198 packages in 1872\. By telegraphic advices from the colonies, the total shipments from the ports of Melbourne, Adelaide, and Sydney, for the month onding the 0th November, were 1,900 casks. Australian Hides.-The market continuos dull, and the value of heavy ox has again fallen id., and light ox and cow ii, t-o gd. per lb. Horse continue unsaleable. The transactions, both by public and private Bale, comprise 6,417 lb., as follows :-Sydney, heavy ox, fair, 5¡a.; common, 5¿d.¡ light ox, middling and fair, 4fid. to4Jd.; inferior, 4id., cow, 4gd. to 4¡d. New Zealand, good 1st heavy, 6d.; 1st light, 5d.; and cow 5d. per lb. Import 1|080 hides. Present stock, 10,270. Australian Leather.-Crop sides still meet with a very limited inquiry, and tho sales, which amount to 4,664 sides, show a further reduction in value. Light common, Hid.; heavy fair to good, 12}d. to 12}d.; common to middling, lid. to lljd.; extra heavy, lOJd. tol2d.: 2ndsand inferior, 10}d. to lid. per lb. Australian basils, strained, havo been very flat, and all the sales that have beon mado have been considerably in the buyers' favour, generally to the extent of Jd. per lb. Unstrained are very difficult to move, oven at this concession, The transactions com- puso 53,835 basils-strained, fair to good lid. to 13d.; medium, 8¡¡d. to 10}d.; inferior and rejections, 4¿d. to7}d.; unstrained, fair, 7id. to 8Jd.; common, 5£d. per lb. Mimosa Bark.-The demand has continued dull, but tho moderate sales effected show no further alteration in prices. The transac- tions reported comprise 300 tons-Adelaide, middling to fair chopped, £11 15s. to £12 15s.; Melbourne, good ground, £13 2s. 6d. to £13 5s.; inferior, £10 10s ; and long, £10 per ton. Import, 375 tons ; ana stock, 180. Horns.-There have been no transactions l of importance during the month, and quotv | tiona remain the same. Bones.-Shank, good to fine, £1G to £21 5s.; middling and fair, £1010a. to £11 ; com- mon and perished, £7 10s. to £10 ; common bones, £3 to £5 17s. 6d.; hoofs, £G to £10 5s per ton. Petroleum.-Messrs. Arthur Brown and Co. state that increased trade demand, scarcity of fine oil, and advancing quotations from abroad, bave caused a rise of nearly id. per gallon. During tho past woek primo white American, of good brands, has lately sold at lOJd. to lOgd., and similar prices have been realised for December delivery, while for January to April considerable lots are now held for 10j/d. Early shipments from America offered at 10Jd. without inducing buyers Petroleum, in storo and landing, 03,675 bar- rels against 128,000 last year. FiBh Oils.-Refiners havo reduced their price £4 per tun. Sperm now offers at £92, the value of bright bogged being now £104. Pale Beal is held for £3110a, cod £44, and some business done in East India at £23 Two vessels ore reported at Dundee from Davis Straits with 110 tuns. Kauri Gum.-Continued arrivals from Nsw York have weakened the market, prices realised at auction showing a decline of 2s. to 5s. per cwt. on those previously current. On the 28th October 595 cases were brought forward. The demand was slack, and only 100 caseB were sold. On tho 11th ¡nat 1,171 cases were catalogued, but only 40 cases disposed of under the hammer-ordinary drossy at 50s.; dark at 56s.; good medium scraped kinds at 70s. per cwt, the remainder being bought in New Zealand. Hemp.-1,200 bales have been offered, and holders having shown a desire to meet the market, 800 bales were sold at a redaction of £1 per ton. E. Constable, por Auckland, sold at £20 to £20 10s.; CO., at£22 ; B.B., per Blenheim, at £20 ; O in diamond, at £19 to £19 5a. Stock, 1,459 tons ; deliveries, 905 tons. Cotton.-The market is dull, and quota- tions were Jd. lower. Fiji continues scarce, and only GO bales sold at the advance noted lost month-fair to good fair, 13d. to 141.; stained, Oíd. to 7_d. There is good inquiry from the Continent for this class, and a con- siderable quantity could be placed at the prices ruling, but the demand from Lan- cashire ia very slack. Copper.-The movement in this market has been extremely sluggish throughout the month, but a large sale of direct import to France has been reported from Paris. The extreme range of values for Chili bars bas been from £81 to £83 per ton cash, und most of the transactions which have taken place havo been at about £82, The price at Valparaiso remains equal to £8115s., laid down in England, but with" ont reckoning any commission to merchants on either side. In the early part of the month a fair demand sprung up for Aug. tralian sorts, and Burra rose about 20s. per ton, Tho inquiry was chiefly for export to the north of Europe, but the improvement was temporary, and the following may bo quoted as the present rates :- Wallaroo cake, £90 to £93 ; ingot, £9210s. to £93 10a. ; Burra cake, £88 to £80 10s. Tin.-TLis market has been strongly affected by two ciroumstances. The an- nouncement that in the sales of the Nother- lands Trading Company on the 30th inst only 23,000 slabs of banca will be offered, led to (some extensive transactions, and an ad. vanee in prices. About the same timo the tidings arrived of the disturbances at Perak, and as there was a possibility that hostilities might interrupt the supplies of Straits tin, there was considerable excitement, and large Bpeculntivo purchases were made both for spot and forward delivery. In one week 800 tons of foreign tin changed hands, but this speculative movement soon exhausted itself, and has left the market very quiet After touching £86, Straits has fallen to £83. Australian has been affected by those fluc- tuations to Borne extent A moderate amount of sales have been effected, prices ranging from £8110s, to £83. ; present quotations are £82 to ¿'8210s. Wheat-Messrs. Burrows and Perks re- port;-"The continued severe floods of the month most have rotted much of the wheat tbat was sown early, and have greatly Post . poned sowing in all the heavy and low-lying ' soils, Much will probably have'io be sown in the spring, 'and* it is expected that the acreage under'wheat will"be considerable, «¡low the" average" in consequence. The estimated stocks' in London on 81st October show a further decided increase during that month, being 471,000 quarters of wheat, and 4^3,000o»?t. of flour, against 376,000 quarters and 417,0Ó0cwt. respectively on 80th Septem- ber. There has, doubtless, been a further addition to the quantity of wheat during the present month, as our arrivals have average»! nearly 70,000 quarters per week. ¡Stocks have similarly increased at the other ports. Adelaide wheat on the spot, being in few hands, is firmly held, but, nevertheless, the demand is limited at present at from 53a. 04' to 64s. per 4901b. ox ship, and 64s. to 65s. ex store. Fine qualities of Tasmanian and Net« ) Zealand are scarce, and would bring from 83s! to fS4s. per 4901b., ex store. 8uporfine Ade- laide flour is worth from 37s. to 38s., fins sorts 33s. to 34s,, Tasmania and Now Zea- land 33s. to 36s., all per 2801b. net, ex store. There are 372 wheat cargoes, with about 1,695,000 quarters, on passage to the United Kingdom, against 243, with l,113,00O< quarters, in the corresponding week of iBBt year, and 341, with 1,345,000 quarters.1 in 1873. Preserved Meat.-Business baa received z sudden and sovere check of late, owing to the non-arrival of supplies, and the conse» quent inability to [meet the requirements o£ the trade. It is a subject of regret that colonists engaged in pastoral pursuits did nob long since take measures to provide an ade quato supply of meat for this market Great tfforts have been mado here to popularías preserved goods, and with coneiderable success. But this unfortunate restriction of t applies will tend to arrest the development of a trade which promised to bo of great benefit to colonial producers. The arrivals, during the month woro only 3,099 cases, ot which 1,943 were from America. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. City of Ningpo,[at London November 13,. from Adelaide. Catalina, at Gravesend on November 17, from Adelaide. Highflyer, at¡£Gravesend on November 7, from Melbourne. Lalado, at Gravesend [on November IS, from Brisbane. Sophia Joachim, at London on November 4, from Port Pine. Beautiful Star, at London on November 19, from Adelaide. Caitlock, at London on November 20, from Adelaide. Catalina, at London on November 20, from Adelaide. Femglen, off Iale of Wight on November l8, from Auckland, Loch Tay, at London on November l8, from Melbourne. Pride of Canada, Liverpool, November 25, from Adelaide. L DBPABTOBBS. Alfred Hawley, ñ oin Deal November 11, for ' Hobart Town. Ann Duthio, from Deal November 8, foi ' Sydney. Arden Connel) from Deal November 3, for * Adelaide, Arab Steed, from London November 4, for ' Brisbane. Boldon, from London November 10, for Nelson. Benvenue, from London October 27, for Auckland. Britomart, from Liverpool November li, for Melbourne. Carleby, from Deal November 12, for Mel' bourne. Corona, from Deal November 3, for Otago.' > Crusader, from Deal November 1, for Can. » terbury. City of Lahore, from Deal October 30, for Sydney. Conflict, from Belfast Novembîr 2, for Canterbury. Commonwealth, from London October 29, or Wellington. Cleveland, from London November 10, for Melbourne. Duke of Argyle, from Deal November 12,. for Melbourne. Edward Barron, from Shields November 16t * for New Zealand. Fugitive, from London November 4, for Launceston, Glenelg, s s, from Plymouth November 1, or Adelaide. Earl of Dalhousie, from Deal ¡November 1, for Sydney. Glen Avon, from Deal November 2, for Adelaide. Hibernia, from Gravesend November li« for Sydnes Jumna, from Deal November 17, for Swan> Uiver. Inglewood, from Liverpool November 15, for Sydney. Indus, from Deal November 7, for Bris. bane. Jessie Osborne, from Clyde Novembor 9, for Lyttelton. Loch Garry, horn Clyde November 8, for Melbourne, Loch Ken, from Deal November 1, for Brisbane. Moonta, from Deal November 13, for Wal- laroo. Monkchester, from Plymouth October 29, for Melbourne. Marpesia, from Liverpool October 30, for Melbourne. Atakj, from Deal November 1, for Canter- bury, Oamaru, from London October 28, for Otago. Robert Morrison, from Deal Novembei 7, foi Swan River. Superb, from Deal November 17, for Mel- bourne. Swordfish, from Deal November 3, for Sj dney. St. Helen's, from London October 29, for Brisbane. Star of Jamaica, from London Novembir 8, for Rockhampton. Theseus, from Deal Novembor 7, for Otago. Van Diemen, from Liverpool October 30, for Sydney. Wild Deer, from Clyde November 5, for Port Chalmers. Warwick, from Deal November 17, for Wellington. Windsor Castle, from Deal October 30, for Sydney. Citv of Athens, from Deal November 21,. for Sydney. City of Berlin, from London November 15, for Adelaide. Edinburgh Castle, from London November 13, for Auckland. Firth of Clyde, from London November 23, for Adelaide. Hurricane, fiom Deal November 24, for Wellington. Hibernia, from London November 13, for Sydnoy. Lammermoor, from Deal November l8, for Melbourne. Somersetshire, n., from Plymouth Novem ber 25, for Melbourne. < Salisbury, from London November l8, for Auckland. Thermopylae, from London November 26, for Melbourne. True Briton, from Plymouth November l8, for Melbourne. VESSELS LOADING. AT WINDON. For Melbourne.-Newcastle, Connaught, Ranger, Onoida, W. G. Rusaoll, Hampshire, ' Lock Eck, Millwall, Zealandia, s. City of Sparta, Looh Ransa. For Sydney.-Wave of Life, Iron Duke. Mabel, British Duke, Cutty Sark, Silver Eagle, NyasBa, Sophia, Joachim, Minignon, Dunkeld, City of Ningpo, Zealandia, Parthia, Blackadder. ' For Adelaide.-Golden Sea, Star of the North, Peri, Tantallon Castle, City of Nankin, Torrens,1 Dilbnr. » For Brisbane. - Conference, Welton» .Monarch, Peep-o'-Day, R. B. Chapman, Jessie, Isabel, Southern Belle, Alexandrina. For Swan River.-Ben Nevis, Ivy. Philip pine, Letty Gales. For Hobart Town.-Grassmere, Britomart. For Auckland.-DUpussund, Femslen. For Canterbury.-Rangitika, Invererne, Euterpe. Bedington, For Nelson.-Madeline. For Otago.-Oxford, Sir Lancelot, Maries den. For WeUington.-Wairoo, Wellington, Ocean Beauty, Wnipa. I i¿- Ki Lrvnnroon. For Melbourne.-Eurynome, Mitredale, Fiji, The Douglas, Warwick Castle. For Sydney.-James Aitken, For Adelaide.-Ornate. For Brisbane.-Alston. Al GfjAsaow. For Melbourne. - Blair Hoyle, Loch Lomond. For Sydney.-Tamborara, Cynosure, Firth «fFortb, For Brisbane.-Penrith. CASUALTIES. The Strathnaver, from Sydney to London, and the Strathmore, from London to Otago, bave been posted at Lloyd's as missing. The Snperb, from London for Molbourne, bad to put back on November 10, owing to damage received by collision off Beachy Head. She resailed from Deal on the 17th. The Britomart, from Liverpool to Melbourne, put back on November 12, the master having been lost overboard. The Balone, which sailed from London Novem- ber 10, for Nelson, returned to Gravesend on the 23rd, damaged by collision at Cadiz on November 8. The Pedro Pidal, steamer, ar- rived, having onboard the crow of the Little Fury, British brigantine, from Sydney for Cardenas with coal, which vessel was abandoned at sea in a sinking condition on the 28th of October, in lat 3Gdeg. N., Ion. -47deg. E. (?W.), San Fernando. The Catty Sark, for Sydney, and Somersetshire, s.S., for Melbourne, were in collision on November 22, in the Thames. The foi mer received -damage, and returned to repair. THE TUBKISH COMPLICATION. (FBOU OÜB GBHKAtT OOBILBSroNDENr.) BERLIN, Nov. 22. Eyents are progressing slowly but steadily. If the gentle reader at the antipodes can re- member the political aspect of this distant quarter of the globe a month ago, the peculiar part played by Austria will bo im- printed on his mind as the salient feature of the Turkish complication. Seeing Russia .prepare for the destruotlon of Tuikey when- ever the next commotion in Central and Western Europe should give her a chance, Austria thought it as well to profit by the respite accorded, and so went in for the im- mediate acquisition of those provinces con fuguous to her own territory, Thero are reosons for behoving that if the direct embodiment of the covetod ground (vere impossible, Austria would bo satis- fied with Deciding to the Rayahs ad- ministrative reforms sufficient to satisfy the auffei ers, and cause thom to turn to her i ather than to Russia for pi otection and help. However this may be, Austria a shot t time ago appeared determined to anticipate her rival, and give things a new and mora favour- able turn before it should bo too late. A moment's reflection on Russia's attitude during the last Franco-German war will render Austria's policy intelligible. Far from objecting to that memorable collision, Russia by covering Germany's iear against the con. templated attack of Austria, directly conti i Ibuted to prolong hostilities, and when all Europe was absorbed in watching the sanguinary spectacle, or, may bo, preparing for a possible share in it, Russia quietly tore the Paris Treaty to pieces, and studded the Black Sea with ironclads. Having since that notable transaction been engaged in the on« unceasing effort of trebling her army, it la morally certain that those enterprising statesmen who distin- guished themBelves by the abolition of an inconvenient treaty whon it suited them, will jump at the next opportunity of doing away with the subject of that treaty, to wit, Turkey. As nobody could hinder them if France and Germany were to enter the lists again, and as their power to do mischief would bo in- comparably greater now than it was five years ago, the result, were tho Rus oians to invade Turkey, may be easily foreseen, the grouping of the powers, as well as the notorious proclivities of the Russian Government and people pointing to Borne such denouement in no distant future. There could be no doubt as to the intentions of tho St Petersbmg Cabi- net, even before put to the test by the Herze- govina affair ; but when, contrary to all her dearest tiaditions, and In the teeth of her oft avowed sympathy with the Rayah subjects of the Pot te, Russia did all in her power to discourage the rebellion, tho rights of the story became only too apparent Wishing to put off the demise of tho "sick man" to an auspicious moment when there would be none to attend his obsequies except herself, Itussia, we have now discovered to a dead certainty, took an interest in the preservation of the Turk - not as a real well-wisher, but as a friend pro tem. Austria, noticing this conduct of her adversary, was only confirmed in her opposite politics. Going on the othor tack, with a view to hasten on the crisis staved off by her adversary, she all but openly countenanced the insurgents. With all tho Otates politically disengaged as they aro just now, Austria probably thought she might strain a point, and venture upon an indepen- dent course regardless of Russia's frowns. at any rate she must have said to herself that a better opportunity than the present could never turn up. Were she to be left to face the northern giant, as Bhe might bo in the evont of another Continental war, sub- servience to Russian politics would thoo bo the only possible motto of the statesmen of Vienna and Pesth. To this exposition of the plot are now ap- propriately added the stiiring incidents of last month's drama. Rusrda, wondering at Austria's audacity, at first attached no im- portance to the matter. She could hardly believe Austria to bo in earnest She hoped, too, Turkey would be strong enough to do for the insurgents before the movement could '«attain any dangerous proportions ; but when Sbe found the general tendency of Austria's i>ye-play to be uniformly favourable to the rebels, and when the Turks proved piteously inoompetent to stamp out the devouring flames as they rose. Rusais, with a grunt »ni a growl, assumed a Bterner atti- tude, and showed her teeth. She pat her cavalry and horse artillery on a war footing. She a little later moved a com- pact body of troops in the direction of the TtK otyh frontier, ready to enter theDanublan prtKiipalltles in case Austria invaded Bosnia; amd she, through the less responsible portion of her inspired press, gave the AuBtrlans plainly to understand that she charged them with the guilt of putting her to this trouble. Austria, however, would not be intimidated by these intimations and threats, but quietly hold on her way. Then another change occurred at St Petersburg. To the cunning advisers ot the Czar it now became clear, that if Austria persisted In her unwonted hardihood, she must have reason to count upon foreign support If this were ?o, it would then be evidently too sanguine, to hops for the business to blow over without the production of results. Suoh being the case, the object of the Russians now was to gain time, If a change could not bo ob-l »¡»ted, it was as well to delay its occurrence, Were it only put off for a couple of months.1 Military and diplomatic preparations might be leisurely continued, and the chapter of' accidents relied upon. Moreover, who could! tell whether Austria might not shrink from' the dangerous undertaking in. tho time i given her for reflection! i The «vents of thal last Uw days prove the Ruttta Government1 to have been prompted by these motives, which determined her to put on a newmask, and effecting a complete void face, out-horod Herod. As a preliminary to the transformation scene, General Ignatieff, the Russian am- bassador at Constantinople, hastened to the Crimea to obtain an audience of his Sove- reign, who was, as usual, spending his autumn on the temperate shores of the Eaxine. On the general's return to his post, be immediately saw the Sultan, and gave the astonished Caliph a regular chiding in tho good old style of Nicholas's time. The Czar, ho told tho Ruler of the Faithful, was very dissatisfied at the Turks never fulfilling their promiseB to tho powers. The Turks had ever so often engaged to do all that was right and equitable by their Christian subjects, but they had never taken any pains to keep their woid. This conduct was highly reprehensible, and would bo tolerated no longer. When tho news of this sharp reproof was telegraphed to Europe, as General Ignatieff took care that it should be, general consternation filled every stock jobber's breast. The ghost of Prince Mona chikoff's overcoat and bespattered top-1 boots rose before the frightened vision of the1 terrified exchanges. Turkish Consols fell to nowhere, Russian funds keeping them com- pany, and even carrying down the Austrian with them. The panic lasted a couple of weeks, and Î3 only juat paaaiug off. Yet wo now know that there waa not the slightest occasion for it. Tho reprimand adminis- tered to the Sultan was only a fanciful inlermcao devised by tho erpert mana- gers at St. Petersburg, and without any influence upon the course of Russian politics, which remained unchanged. General Igna tieoff no sooner left tho presence of the unfortunate Abdul Azir,, than returning to his dilatoiy practices instead of cosrcini; the Turk in common with Austria, as ho bad threatened once before, exerted himself to protect him from Austrian importunity. It was soon noticed that the ingenious general had only adopted the same platform as Aus. tria to gain the right of discussing matters I with her statesmen, and throw obstacles in j her way while apparently helping her on, | He, indeed, had caused the fact of his inter- j view with the Sultan to bo trumpeted forth to curry favoui with the Sclavoaians in and out of Turkey, who woreloudly denouncing the Czar for deserting his brethren, but he never meant to change his tactics. He had feigned to be going off at a tangent only to remain the more stationary in his old en- campments. Tho negotiations which have Bince taken placo between Russia and Austria are not a little interesting. Triumphantly pointing to what she then gave out as a new and im- proved edition of her policy, Russia, after tho scolding audience, offered to join Aus- tria in a common dictatorial note to the Turkish Government, In this imperious document the refoi ma necessary to restore I order and quiet were to bo detailed, and the good oflices of the poweis placed at the dis- ' posai of tho obedient Turks, Austria con- ' Bented to the proposition. She distrusted Russia, but poi haps was not prepared to show I distrust, and the two being agreed, Germany, true to her recent practice of approving any oriental measures conjointly resolved upon by hor two eastern neighbours, likowiso ac- quiesced in tho novel programme. A little later, however, Russia had to display her colours. Directly tho details of the con templatcd noto wore discusaed, it became apparent to the Austrian négociateurs, that notwithstanding tho menacing language held by her representatives at Constantinople, Russia was bent upon keeping everything in etaluguo, and leaviug the Sultan undisturbod for the time being. In point of fact the draft she had suggested amounted to no more than that tho Sultan should bo sternly asked to repeat the promise of mending his ways-a promise given so often , but never kept, because the Mahomedan subjects of the Caliph will not allow him to keepit. It was in vain that Austria remon- strated, showing the uttei uaelesaneas of such a request ; it was in vain that she in- sisted upon the Porto being asked to give some tangible guarantees for the attainment of the object in view. Prussia, foreseeing that guarantees, whether givon or refaaed, would lead to foi ci bio intervention before long, strenuously declined to countenance this part of her allied adversaries' pro- gramme. So no agreement could be com ? , to. j This is the situation at the moment of I writing. What noxt 1 The ans iver dependí j on whether Austria will have the pluck to proceed with the mutter in hand. Though the | rebellion is likely to go on for an indefinite time, if tho insurgents are always allowed to retreat to Austrian or Montenegrin territory in case of defeat, yet the wild men of the hills { willneveroverthrowtheTurkishGoTornment, or obtain concessions for any but a few moun- j tain districts. If, to secure safety for her- I seit Austria deems it necessary to effect either tho one or the other, shs must go on 1 as she has begun, and leave Turkey to choose between guarantees or occupation. It would be shutting one's eyes to the realities of tho j case to ignore that guarantees, though per- haps postponing military operations for a while, wiU ultimately have that result, as certainly as would any moro violent proceed- ings. The fact is, that as long as the Turks are barbarians and the rayah much the same, the two cannot ba expected to live in peace and concord. If the troops and officials remain Turks, as they are now, Christians will feel it. If the sword and ' the judge's chair were to be entrusted to Christians, the Mahomedans would be : sufforers, and in their turn become rebels; while if power were to bo divided between the two antagonistic elements, civil war must be the inevitable consequence. Hence, as no pledges can be vouchsafed for the preservation of peace in the provinces of, mixed nationality-that ia to say nearly, the whole of Earopean Turkey-Austria's ' demanding such pledges plainly betrays the ? ulterior design of armed interference. As yet Russia repudiates force, or rather de- clines to countenance a proposition sure to lead up to force. Yet Austria is so far in- fluenced by Russia's deliberate opposition as i to " speak with bated breath" upon that she must know to be utterly useless negotia. tioo. However, as it is hardly conceivable j that Austria can withdraw from the game i she has herself announced, the probability is ' that we sholl see her generals take an active . part in the solution of the Oriental question before long. No doubt, if occupation occurs, ' the step will be adopted primarily to defend the Sultan agaiuBt the rayahs, but the end ; will dlffor materially from the beginning, j One thing ia certain, the Austrian troops are being kept In readiness, and pamphlets are published by princes, governors, and gene- rals at.Vienna, Agram, and Pesth, advocating annexation pur et «impfe. If the Save, s passed by the Austrlans, the Russians are pretty sure to follow suit and cross the, Prutb, when the dismemberment of Turkey, will have practically commenced. Looking at tho incomparably greater wealth andi political importance of the Danubian Princi i polities, which would falljto the lot of Russia it will be seen that the Czar will take the lion's share under any circumstances, although his present policy indicates that even that will not satisfy him. A remarkable peculiarity of the introduc-i tory diplomatic manouvres is the anxiety! displayed on all sides to conceal dissension.! Though Austria and Russia are nearly as widely asunder as they ever have been in' the intricate field of Oriental politics, I both concur in representing themselves as hand in glove, Russia ia naturally desirous, to hide her ulterior schemes', which would at once come within tho compass of the! slowest understanding were she to show her! opposition' to Austria's Turkish politics.I 1 Austria, on the other hand, has no occasion to advertise her Turkish differences, being still in hope of seeing her share-and-share alike notion accepted. So all' (he olashings and ,thwartings of the tU-asaerted pair are busily shrtuded under « «leak all UM Nat of good feelings, and if any imprudont journal everhappens to sayanythingto the contrary, official contradiction crushes the blatant in- truder. Were all the official contradictions inserted in the various Government gaeettes of Europe, since the rise of the Turkish difficulty, carefully collooted and carved in stone for the behoof of future generations, what would their unnatural parents give to have the power of smashing their offspring? Not to leave the doings of other Govern- ments anmentioned, the Porte and the Ser- vians are engaged in raising loans against the rainy day. The Porte has actually ex- pressed a wish to borrow some £30,000,000 immediately after repudiating half her debt. Thero is no chance of her getting tho neodf ul, so that the strife, if it does come on, will find her penniless. A good deal of her depreciated scrip is in the bands of the small capitalists at Constantinople, and the despair felt by these impressible Oriéntala j at the late financial measures of their unscrupulous Sovereign acts as another impediment to the contraction of fresh loans. Since the repudiation of the Turkish debt | neither the Sultan nor his mother, who under the Turkish Constitution is the second person in the realm, dare to show them- selves in public. Wherever they appear petî. tions are presented to them by the hundred, requesting them to cause the interest with, held to be graciously paid to such families who cannot possibly do without it. The son and possible hoir of the Sultan, who, less susceptible than his Biro, has not given up his usual rides, bus it daily dinnod into bis ears that the people are ruined, and that they want their monoy. But for the patriotism rouBol in the upper classes by tho fear of foreign conquest, rebellion at Constantinople would bo a certainty. As it is, a wholesale conda gration-the recognised outlet for popular dissatisfaction in Turkey and Russia-is on the cards at Istamboul. I need hardly observe tbat, as usual when in a fix, the Turka are promising all sorts of delightful reforms to any Government that will listen to their lively protestations. At the samo time, they have been making feeble attempts to get out of the slough of despond, by giving Monte- negro reason to hope that thoy might be pro vailed upon to cede to her the most refractory part of the insurgent province. As this intimation was accompanied by the rather untimely inquiry whether Montenegro, in re- turn, would object to acknowledge the suzerainty of the Porte, negotiations did not get beyond preliminaries. It is only in keeping with the independent attitude of Montenegro that the Servian Government have not yet withdrawn their troops from the Turkish frontier. The Turks too, though they have repeatedly spoken of raising their several camps on the Servian border, as yet have found no leisure to do BO. All this time the fearful strife is going on in the Herzegovina hills. The Turks holding a number of diminutive forts in the re- bellious districts, from time to time are obliged to send provisioning columns to their isolated garrisons. If the march of these columns through devious mountain defiles was a laborious task in summer, it is doubly BO amid the snows and tempests of au Illyrian winter. Good opportunities are thus constantly afforded the insurgents of way- laying their enemies and cutting them to pieces without remorse. In no previous en- counters have the Turks suffered so much as in the last few weeks. On one occasion 500 Mohammedan heads were cut off after the fray was over. Now, as before, the principal theatro of war is the region north and wost of Montenegro, more especially between Klek and Mostar. One remark in conclusion. Public opinion in England, having recognised the impossi- bility of preserving Turkoy if she will not help hercelf, has repeatedly alluded to Egypt as the only portion of the dilapidated empiro in whose future England has any direct interest. In roply to these suggestions, the .Mowo-ffaEcMebegs to InquirowhetherRuasda, Austria, Italy, Franco, Spain, and Greece, being likewise situate on the shores of the Mediterranean, have not, too, a riiht to talk about their claims in that direction. I sup poa« the question will be promptly answered if it is ever fairly put. Count Arnim, the irrepiessihle, has not been ablo to refrain from heaping further disgrace upon himBelf. He has actually pub lished a number of those abstracted docu- ments which the Court would not allow to be read on the occasion of his first trial. Thero is nothing new in them, it is li ue except that they are more powerfully worded than those which havo already transpired yet. Betrayal was too sweet to a mind constituted as the count's not to be indulged in as long as there was anything to be let out The pamphlet chiefly treats of Bismarck's policy in favour, ing the Republican Government in France as the one least likely to find allies against Germany in monarchical Europe. The count, it is well known, partly from a wish to oppose Bismarck in anything and everything, and partly in order to make his chief appear as a sort of disguised republican in the eyes of his sovereign, advocated the restoration of OrleanB and Bourbon in France. The Em peror, having given him tether for a while, ultimately saw through his stratagem, and has now permitted thefaithlesBservant tobo prose- cuted on the charge ot insulting his sovereign in his latest lucubration. Were the count to come home from his prolonged travels in Italy and Switzerland, he would probably be sent to prison for six years or so. (. Postscript-Ruasiahas anticipateddawdling Austria. At the instance of the St Peters- burg Cabinet, tho Servian and Montenegrin Governments have opened negotiations with a view to the conclusion of an offen- sive and defensive treaty intended to ward off Austrian intervention. The rivalry between the Servian and Montenegr; Governments, while it existed, facilitated not a little the interference of the Vienna Cabinet but should the contemplated treaty be really completed, the Austrians will have to mobilise a large army before they can hope to tread the coveted ground. Moreover, invasion might then be resisted not only by the Turks, but also by the very Rayah whose condition, the Austrians profess themselves so anxious to improve. THE WHITECHAPEL MUKDER. (FROM THH nous HEWS ) Before 10 o'clock, the hour at whioh ali persons having entry to the chief places in the Central Criminal Court on November 22, had been desired to be in their seats, there was a great commotion in front of the Old Bailey Sessions- house ; nor was the stir in the passages leading to the Old Court, in which the Wainwrights were about to be placed on their trial for the murder ot Har» riet Lomea Lane, much less than in the open street. Lord Chief Justice Cockburn took his seat at 11 o'clock, at the right hand of the Lord Mayor, who fills in this court the presidential chair. The usual proclama- tion of silence was made, as everybody in court stood np, and then,on the settling down of the large assembly, the prisoners Henry and Thomas Wainwright were called to take their places at the bar. On entering the dock they stoodfor a time,'tho space between them being as wide as possible. The governor of Newgate and two orAthree warders and official] sat near the accused, of whom it is only neces- sary to say that they looked careworn, but after a Bhort period of nervousness regained self-possession, and frequently communi- cated with their legal advisers. Henry Wainwright, as soon as he and kia brother were seated, began taking notes, and con, tinned doing so at intervals throughout the day. i The first witness for the prosecution was Mr. John Butler, deputy surveyor to the' Metropolitan Police Force, who verified some models ' of the premises in White-1 chapel and the Borough, These models, on a scale of three-quarters of an inch to that (cot, are very elaborar*, and being accurately! ooloorei, as wfU a* («mt* in iatitetion ot 1 j actual buildings, brought the scenes minutely before the eyes of all in court who could get a sufficiently near view of the dererly-oon structed miniature copies. Mr. Poland, who seemed to know every inch of the model before him, pointed out with a long white wand like a billiard cue, the spots particu- larly affected by the evidence. After Mr. Butler came the witness Stokes, in whose grim account of the discovery mado by him on tho nth of September there is assuredly nothing to laugh at, though the naivete of the speaker and his intense Cockneyisma wero frequently the . cause of a suppressed titter in the court. I Stokes was cross-examined by Mr. Bealey, and was with soma severity questioned by the Chief Justice, but bia evidence was sub- stantially that given at the police court and { before tho coroner, already reported. Thoevi- ' dence of the two constables, Turner and Cox, , who arreBted Henry Wainwright and Alice Day, brought the proceedings to the time of adjournment. On November 23, tho proceedings com- menced an hour earlier than on Monday, tho Chief Justice taking his seat at 10 o'clock, and the prisoners being at the same time placed at the bar. Their appearance and demeanour wore unchanged. Henry Wain- wright indeed was more at his case on entering the dock than ho had appeared to be on the preceding day, but except in this particular he lookod and behaved pre cisolyasbefore.takingnotes industriously, and now and then communicating with his soli- citor. This last seemed to be his intention just at the close of the day's business, and ho lingered with the apparent purpose of speaking to Mr. Pelham at the table in the centre of the court, but as this gentle- man did not notice his client, tho latter was ordered by the principal officer in charge of the two prisoners instantly to quit the dock. Thomas Wainwright was less absorbed ti)an his brother in the evidence as it was unfolded. The first witness was Andrews, the cab- man, who gave precisely the same account of the course taken by the cab on that memo- rable journey. The hiring, it will bo remem- bered, was at the corner of Church-lano, close to Whitechapel Church; and, after tailing the parcels from Stokes, Henry Wain- wright directed the driver to proceed down the sido thoroughfare towards the Com- mercial-road, this being out of tho direct route for Southwark. It waa after taking up Alice Day that the vehicle turned in the right direction. This young woman, who was next called into the witness-box, and who gave her evidence in a be- coming and apparently straightforward manner, maintained her former declara- tion that the meeting with Wainwright was accidental, and unpremeditated. Sho strenuously denied that there had been at any time improper familiarity between her and the prisoner, though she admitted that ho had called for her at home many times, and that she had often been in his company. Inspector Fox was then Bworn, and gave a narrative of the case, entering into minuto details. Mr. Besley's cross-examination of this witness as to the steps which had beon taken in getting up the case was long and searching, and the learned gentleman took occasion to notice a false report confined to a single weekly newspaper, alleging that Henry Wainwright had con- fessed the act of mutilation, and had charged the murder upon his brother Thomas. The gross impropriety and unfairness of the paragraph in ques- tion had been made tho ground of a complaint by the prisoner, who stands chiefly in peril under the indictment, and it was at his request that the matter was brought before the Court. The Lord Chief Justice deprecated such injurious gossip, and ex- pressed his gratification in the fact that this particular piece of groundless news had gained no circulation beyond the columns of one journal. After some further evidence by the police, and by the husband of one of old Mr. Lane's daughters, named Allen, Miss Wilmore waa put in the witnesB- bor, and was examined by Mr Poland, who stood close by her and spoke all his questions into her ear. When Mr. Besley's turn came to cross-examine this important witness, he changed positions with Mr. Poland, and with skill, the more admirable for its total freedom from harshness or severity, drew from the witness admissions of her fallibility on certain points. He brought particularly into prominence Miss Wilmore's belief, so strongly entertained by ber at one time that she could almost have sworn to it, that she had seen Harriet Lane in a cab long after the date fixed by the theory of the prosecution as that of the murder. Subsequently, Miss Wilmore being re-called for the purpose, Mr. BeBloy further crosa-examinod her con corning the earrings with the fiinge of small pendants, which in her examination before the coroner she had confidently identi- fied as having been worn by Harriet Lane, whereas the prosecution have been obliged to withdraw those same earrings from the evidence, they having been posi- tively claimed as the cast- off property of a Mrs. Isard, who could never have lent them to the woman supposed to have been slain and buried in the warehouse of Henry Wainwright. In this manner did Mr. Besley endeavour calmly and temperately to de- monstrate by inference that Miss Wilmore, whom ho nevertheless Btudiously treated as tho witness of truth, might be mis- taken in all essential matters as sha confessedly had been in two or threo Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor, one of the sisters of Harriet Lane, was the next witness ; and her evidence as to the handwriting of both tho prisoners was confirmed by George William Rogers, who was formerly in the employment of Henry Wainwright. With this lattor wit- ness's evidence tho labours of the Court ended for the day. On November 24 a number of other wit- nesses wero examined, the most important being the relatives of Harriet Lane, who gave evidence as to identification, and also as to facts supporting the theory of the pro- secution. The other witnesses who were exa minedwereMr. Eeles, who, under theasaumed name of Fowler, mado inquiries on behalf of the Lane family concerning the missing woman, and who may besaid to have sprung the Frieuke mystery ; Mr. Edward Frieake himself, the singularity of whose name assisted greatly the disclosure of the plot ; Peter Crofts, the telegraph clerk at Dover: pier, who Bent the messages in the name of Freeke to the three several addresses of Henry Wainwright, Thos. Wainwright, and Mia. Taylor, in London; and Mr. Humphrey, a new witness, who as owner of the public house at which the wine was bought on a particular evening when Teddy Freeke was supposed to have accompanied Mr. Poroy King, othorwise Henry Wainwright, to see his mistress, was able to swear that Thomas Wainwright was the man who fetched the second bottle of champagne One of the noticeable points in the evidence was tho fact that the supposed Mrs, King's penitent letter to Mr. Edward Freeake, whioh very much surprised him when it reached his hand, was rightly ad- dressed, showing that the unfortunate woman must have consulted the post-office directory, in which the name of Frolake spelt with the three vowels together is positively unique. Other witnesses, principally telo graph clerks and the tradesmen in White- chapel who deposed to having sold Henry Wainwright the chloride of lime, wore included in the list, which, though more numerous than that on either of the two preceding days, did not inolude many of those persons whose testi- mony has been looked for as mainly im- portant, and as likely to take up some con- siderable time. ; On the 25th witnesses deposed as to the purchase of a box of ohloride of lime for the prisoner Henry Wainwright George William Rogers deposed to the faot of chloride of lime being brought to the prisoner's1 shop, and to the presence- of badi j «mella aapngetd to bar* arise» ben M tut i | bin. He had also taken messages and money from Wainwright to the de- ceased. He had heard complaints as to the smallness of the amount of money Bent on one occasion, and high words passed between Harriet Lane and Honry Wain- wright The wifo of this witness deposed to Mrs, King or Harriet Lane visiting Wainwright, to their having quarrelled, and on one occasion to the fact of Mrs. King's fainting after a quarrel. Previous to tho fainting witness had heard the missing woman cry out as if to Wainwright, "Don't, don't" Three pawnbrokers' assistants then deposed to the fact of a wedding ring having been pawned at the establish- ment of their employer in tho name of Ann King. James and William Key. brothers, who were working wheelwrights on premises adjoining those occupied by Henry .Wainwrighit, testified to having heard tbreo pistol Bhots on the 11th September, 1874. James Wiseman, son of the employer of the two previous witnesses alBo heard tho reports of firearms on the day named. John Hood Pinnell, a neighbour of Wainwright», said he was possessed of a single-barrel pistol, which he sometimes discharged. The remaining evidence of the day referred to the occupancy of the premises in the borough to which the remains were being removed by the Waia wrights, and to some of their buvneBS transactions, and the Court adjourned, i [By way of San Francisco we have had tho , ntelligence that the trial concludod on December 1, when both prisoners were found j guilty. Henry Wainwright was sentenced to i death, and Thomas to seTen years' imprison- ment] ______________ 