LOCAL INTELLIGENCE, Ir?EZB MATCo-.-A friendly contest has boon arranged botwoen twolvd honorary members of the Kiuamh Volun'teer Iiiflc: Corps, and a like numbor of second clap" shots-enrolled members, The match comes off on Saturday next at 10 a.:m, and theo loams are as folloivs -II;on mombors W,,0, Kina, J. King, ,I Marke, , Marks,, II. Hioks, It. Miller, J. Millor, A Taylort' W. Gray, S, Major, 'I, Utlher,' id,"'I Fredorioks, Moinbor is T. Honoy, 3J Weston, W, Olarko, L. Geoghogan, T, Holdoni', Arnold, D. Sharp,' J, Spinkse, T. Splank, J. 1-nooks, D,: . Wilson, and' G, Koovoers.' LE?T?ann-Wo are pleasqd to lonan (hnat W. HI. Gri mnoll, E q,, ?, aulghop, hin oonsented to dvllvo rlo ria l o'ur ,inf nud.Japnn, in.thLo otthoueo;Is an0'a, on the 27th instant!,l 1 hins already boon fa. vourably notieood whon delivered in oo?hoo. tion with thoe utual Improvomont'Soolety, Jamboroo i and from genoral report we nre assured it isaniiv ihietdos'toil and'tleful one, Lootures or antoetalnmontp:liur6ly intolloo. tual ihavo not, unlortunatoly, an a rule, been well patronlaod in Kiama but we hopi to see an improvo~ent In thia.respoot, and that a full houso' will grodt l;r. Grinnoll, to hcar a graplio reoital of thatkgoitloi'tilh'. rcominincones of tlh a vastEatorn torcltopns of China and Ja)npn. Anothdir oonnidora tion that olghlt to ad'rurd a ghood .u'dionloo, th tht ho proooods are to snilst in purolinn ing priexo lor thb,o pu'pils 6 our publlo becol,-- matter in. which nearly veary family in thlo towin is inlor'oteld, As ndvortiqod in our Inns6 i?o, tho nntiunl sonslon of the Sb'uth' Oonst Gruitd'Dlvialon' $;no of - T oi' rflb'r linv'6 lAl-"t iýl' t )llll'6 deroil6h ?;, o'tho. 'm- WOly,"'Qn t:, oliollooM,' j K.iln?u in, in cntotion wlthl ,whiolh tton mrooting i?ll bIho'lhld lit (0,8, On Wodnoin. dany i~ilit ':Wnit, a musimni and litornry eontnrlnlnmont will tanlr plnoo nt tho publiel nohool, .Toprm rl thoifin'dii'ljo dovotod to tho repnir or tho nchool billding, On Fli. ilny !ight ,i ot theo Darloyobrn ontortifin nonIb tid to ,bo glvoa 'it thollhIrbout, in ala' of th ttoQnpofpOp ii9ll fM di ' " ' ' NaSTUvcrUTIVE n IV.-TccnnlFo "1xPLO. asox.-Informnatiou has reached us (Bath urst Free P, css) to the effect that a distruc tive lire oceured on Saturday last; at the homestead of Mr. T. Mutton, Wattle Grove, near Oberon. All the members of the family were from home in the forenoon, with the exception of Mrs. Mutton, and that lady at the commencement of the fire was away from the house, enitaged in some of the duties pertaining to the form. In the morning, it. appears, the kitchen chim iney caught fire, but Mrs. Mutton sae. ceeded, as she thonght, in extinguishing the fire hefore shie left the house. It insthought ihowever, that some fire still remained in the chimney, for on Mrs. Mutton's return sie discovered that the kitchen and store house-one building- werein flames, The wind was blowing fiercely, it the time, in the direction of the dwelling house, whielI was only i' short distance from the kitchen, and beiforo Mrs. Mutton could save anything but a pair of blankets, the whole of the buildings were enveloped in a sheet of flame. Iii the attempt to save someof the propirty Mrs. Mutton's dress caught fire, and betbre she could extinguish it her back was severely scorched. The nearest assistance was three miles away, and so rapidly did the flames spread that the whole plaone was gutted in a very short time. The 'seaoson's :supplies' lihad only just been Iaid in the store-room,'and thus theloses is heavier than it would have beoon, In the store-room was an unopened can of koerosone, sand the re port made by its butirsting was heard at.a distance of three miles; a quantity of pow der and a double-barrel gun, loaded, were also in the house, and facilitated,the work of destruction, exploding with loud, report. The loss to Mr. Mutton is very great, and considerable sympathy, which no doubt will take a practical turn, is felt for him and his family in their afilietion, A PRISONERn SHoT.-The Wee Wan cor respondent of the Narrabri Herald, writing aon. the 71h, says :-Yesterday constablek Girling, lromi information received, at abn?iout 2 pm;, w?tit to Whitton's residence, about six miles from Wee Wan, to arrest a man for a criminal. attempt on one Emma Jauno Whitton (daughter of the min Whitton condeinned to deith at the Northern Assizes for'shaootingy at' the manu Smita, who;iad run away with his wife;) iHe overtook the maan about a mile on the Nurnahri side of Whitton's house; the man in question ias riding along, the road; the constable rode up to him, elarged him with the offence and arrested'him ; he (prisoner) was riding at the timne it 'low conditioned 'old horse, heavily encumbered with a large swag, nearly touching the ground on either side of the horse, consequently he could not travel above the rate of two mileo per hour, Constable Garling, thinikig it would be dark before reaching Wet, Wan, proenured a liorsniat shitton's to take himi on. They rodo'etloug together for ia mile or so8, whoam seemingly the prisoner's horse took 'it start; it was soon seen to be an in. tentional bolt, for the pace became a racing onie, Police called on him to stop, but hei was Iheedless to the call, mill still fbrged ahoad. Police again called on him, and threatened to slihoet liim if hodid not stand. iHe continued his puato to the river's banl.k; reached it about 150 yards in front; he immediately dismounted, plunged ii, and swarn across; Police called onihim to turn hask or he would shoot him; he still refused. Garlingthen fired over him tiveishots, and, having only one left,, found that, in the strict sense of his duty, he must fire at hism, which he did, hitting him in the neck. Subsequently arrested him, and confined him in the lockrup, 'ihe chase from start to inidlh was about five miles. tlirough, the HOnL owtAY's OINT-nupe, AND PILLs. Chest Preservatives,-At all seasonsi of thin year the rate of mortality from diseases of tho lungsis varygreat. Holloways's Ointment well rubbed upon tihe chest, aided by his Pills, arrosts all misohiaf. Thoseo'cleanesi'g modiomenets exercise the most salutary and restorative influence over the entire con? tents of the pectoral cavity, Air-tubes, nerves, bloodvessels, and all others tissues feel their wholesomely potent power, more particularly in their thoroughly purifying both venous and arterial blod,,by promot ing the free circulation of air through tihe lungs, Neithoer ,OiitmoutnorPillsacontain any noxioius inigreidiittt wnhateerir? bht their balaenin nature nourishes rather than irri tates thesystem and kin(l~y subdues unto; waird symptoinms till till is well dii6s more, AD,. There isano virtue of a. romedialkind in the so calnled umedietnd importations which are announced to contain the name curative ingredients au'TUdolphlo Wolfe's Sllchiedanm Aromatic Schnapps or to possess its peculiar proporties. The public would do well to avoid acueh humbugs, as well as beware of counterfelts of the real article, Both are adulterated and hurtful. Inquire for the gqnuiue,-Aev,.. FALLING INTO Ints owN Tas-An n oci. dent of an extraordinsaryelinraet'er occurred at XKew, An old man na, med William Nowell, eighty years of a'ego (writes the Melbourne agdye), being constantly annoyed by it mob of larrliins,' very injudiciously Bet a spring lunin his'garduen for the p'uir. pose of shooting them iftheyragain trespas. sod upon his property; Aoihowevver, for. got. all about it, and 'ysterday ' n'o'niih? walked into tio trap hhinslf, dist1nsnrglsn the gunlthe 'ooeittntasoftwbhlolhnt'red his -ight ,nrnta'sithe Olbow. 'o was taken' to tLis Mlbotiante hospital, where It was'foniiid tlh'titheslimb was so sarlonsly injured ,that it will ia'all.probability hnave to be ampu. tated,,' It Is very fortitiate that he ens not killed on the spot, and his leobnduit was ver, reprehousible in phlsing tLisa oapon where hi did,. ' Won , ,it wie . . 3. u 0r,, before 12 oeionl' o'in Sunday .nighh enni. Goni asoGasislid, .tationied at"Oaosk Ithln'b'aiospghtllo lino Sydney Inflrninnya mar'ricii waostis' ln'nid Ani iarisur,resli. ini~ W'tlihar' iiiiinbnidnt o SIt, Pclr'eQoi'hi utnveas Slhd'wenl' pry dev'ri lslahsit the body andist legs, iiiid , llis niscoe ih. mitt'id iitihlloitoollaoil arird 0"1 O'doifii?g to rial' on:'isuday lilght ?llien hid llftrh'eii1. dic burnitig inn tsn my thn' bodtiido enis gone to sloep: She sawoke toletsi' lie iell olothet ncd her own night dresec on' fli'r Jsfor" thi flroe ould isa'xtingudishie ,sie was very seriously burntct, iniall '1hulh hood the fire originnted through thoibod. clothes being brought hitoeoontact wiitheti anndlo,-Tueosday'sJIlrddhi.t r .' ' LosT Ovninsoit4,On" the pitchg, th"o PLa'lionsopo, flobm Livqrpoloto ,. hoturnis (ishltoe"tlio Ale), the hliitaswyini, J'oims laaeiy, s nitivs h f srnwasihl, fall :aoerlJnrt'd'dnid' 'wfini d'rdwuigtl; Tih 'cI "hins. lroslliei"whhiclt' ]liii siian'id, iii (lhi mudlddi'hOf elipping' frdifsl?tetsio'blid'i', arnt en aio li~hi'? ,i'oeeiesulty '?illhs'ewhti isthingsi h?'itjuiihit tdc witon aod duista'bf tlilnilind seifi biw'hoini' some ships, whore proper chiselpl hih'il.ri' olses, It may le mneittoniid that in this cuse ailthugh'th 'shilpinas .'olngitat' the rate ii len hnots, a boat was minund nul 'In lihe vatar Itns exactly two and ech lasaf minutes from the ninrm bding given,' hi?' unlortu mutoly without ti tavantlior the p90r follow uy .,,l I 9 , ',v'm: ,u t, ",' 9;',.ltJi 5 maiied ernising about the spot until 6 p.m, tie mislip occurring at 1 p.m., and tile chip takied about during that time inj tie, vicinity, but, saw nothing save tie lifebuoy irwhich had been thrown to the mauni. .OL'ND Do?,ow? s.-1'iho Aralen cor. cereipotilent (f the Itriidioiid Dispatch says tihat lirs. Fernri, who had beeii missing since the 5ih in-tant, eas tfoiud drowned in the 'rite 'Try Again watierliol. ,Senior onnstitble O'lriien, asnited by eonstable ]lerry, searhehid in ever" ireagirabilo iocnlity without uliecess, until en a rigid exantina liou of thin rather hare piee i f water, soieiithlng like part of u prinit "dreCM "Wan observable. They thenedivested therpselves of omoe clothing end went in "hd found that it was her body in about five or six feet of ivater. I[,r ihusbaeid is at preentoi on the railway hiue, anu nends moneoyegyr, liarly for hle cappar:, and alsofir <hui 1 fauinily of si.b children, one of tlen i"at lipe sent being only a few months old. 'Tue PeixiiiLP'IIau ExminuTfror.-The' follovuieg extrauit front tflue lettor' oa a 'nor. renpondentdof the Ooloeies, writiig"r'o'm' ?Philadelphi, .will be of lilorresf "li oti-. read - Mr. Richltrds, tlioiGouniitfeiht' printeertJ\ydey, hal a eaeo that aeiy on'1 ceieng outside the iExhibitioi1 bwould, lay' al,'ould take a'lnuiding 'plaiidu tii' ib~l~ii~ding, but here this dbkpartment is! th'd atdbjent a euch keen rivalry that I must give the palm to the Philadelpiit, firmsi, Mi', 'lichards, however, only hakes second "lilieo, baeauee lie has not tr-teinpted anything very large or very elaborate, What hle lias done in doie ac well as that ehown ,by Lippiiiott or any Americuiuj, hook-binder. Iie. 'sixty samples are models oft oatness, finish, and taste. The print of a ndtive bear', with a native bear junior on his back,.ascending a tiee, is very beautifully executed." STartcqac ,in' LIoGTaNIG,-o On Monday afternoon William Jordan, fireman on a train which had left Sydney togo over the mountains, wds struck by lightniig dud seveily injured at WVascoe's, about eight miles above Peifitli. The train bad stopped at. the water-tank at Wecoo's,. so that'the enginnguight be gU]ipl,[. with water. There was then a tlibtid?dm o? the hills, aeccompanied ifitlrAIhhe df'figt ning. Jordan and ainother man wer ro.in the engine. The saecond mnun wes the flirt struak 'by' lihlutaiiug'; it passe'd over his h/lnldsnd It hu without injurj;.' It ip. pears eLon to have aeunlc' 'tho iron 'taink, ulone; by; and in its further progressnato bha hit Jordai?, who wa's knocked.doirwi, ha'iig been quite paralyzed down tlio loft arm qud dide, Jordan, 'who is' a singtu oin, and whose relatives rcside'in Denriti, was brought on to Sydney by riilway einployeer, and taken.tothe Infirmiry, 'h-bre lie wan admitted into the seeideit wtnr . HIo is' now, ,tuch better. It is beli vdil fliat' late on Sundiay niglur or early ont Mondtiy mornaing one of' tile gas-lmunps in the ,unipti Hyde Park nvounu was struck by.hg~ltniig and the iouli shaft broken c0otriloyf:i two near the centre atd levelled with the gruoindt; o The grouzidl ' as brokeic in aid around where the lamp was tixedl Itddoes not aiptiar that aiy person e ias by when the shaft'was stnrlek, bitsits'eonditioan on Mlonday moroing pointedout the . agency which hbd been at Work ' • ' , NAiiow ; EncArt or. A LAn'.-What might baie terminated in a fiuial accident, oceiirrzid ait the 'Brighton (Victorian)Riil. way Station on Tuesday eowning. A lady, wiiting tor thl eight o'nlock up.train, wan standing with coma fricids on the platform, when, iearing the train coining, eke turned round, and in doing,so, suddenly fell over ott to the rils below." '[wo gentlemen who caw liar fall, without a moment'e hesitation, jumped down, and hadi just timi to drag her on to the second line of' rails wilen the train came up; and thus .what might have been a frightful deith, was happily averted, with nothing mort, seriousi than a buidly sprained wrint and bruised faeo.--'cle. prpih October 12. SEnIOUS FaIRn AT ' COAMPERDOWN. Shortly ift'r , o'clock this morning, a lire broke out in the glues works of.Mr, Joseph l{oss, of A'ustralia-strbat, C'Oampordowu, The origin of the flir ie not kioe'n, hut it was first discovered in the pot room. It appears thatotieo'of the "mrai' uomployed on the promises, untmed Eotih; .imiay, was left in charge of the premise; l~st itighut, The furnaces werb ia opwh it',li thimi, arid shortly before 4 o'ol to l Wt .th place: toieall naother man-to 'odmo .t~work. Wben he returned hle fund tim plne ot fire, An alarm wans r'aril"out at the local ilreuntation on thie Namtown railway.ntatibon, itt fac.frori th[eglass works,. ated the local! lire corpany (tlie Newtowri and Oamper-. down Vo uuteer Fire Blrigacge), wtih coin neondabllro'p'noutituden iero nsoon 'ut work it the econonol Ith.- conflagration. Moun. while the Sydney lire-bells were rung, and the Insurance rlgaIdt eanginas, the "Ex. preas" tund'tlf' "'Tilley irwovae noo working at t[bo free :1 Mr lIos p tttoo hislossn t' £150f'0 'The only itintiraiotsaoire in" tlh Vietorian'Iuduranue O'llioevie?? a.i tonk and tools, £260 ; Iots, £160 ; liug £400, .makitg, u ill £809.' th No~o'B Vdluiuitoor Fird'Oompanyirveo nina lirosebi'[t but riot tlie Non. 1 uuid 2 bompaelbs .' A COUJnAcEnoly WoliAit-7Mre, W.;3Nanalu of l the SUaivyo'r'" Arsi,; Maltiwator 0rooak ]{otd, Mearyborough, lihaM piroved herelf to be a true heroiue. ,For nomeotutio. bank the hou0e hits been contetaenltly roblied. by tito blacks, and, itn counsugnene, a loaded'riivol. vdr hashbean kept under tho ooustorrin tbe bar, to nruirethnm off. I'ho other day.. Mr Ninsit was employed aomewhero in the vieiuity of the housn, when a .blookfellow rushed 'into thubbar, soeied a botthutof grog, and hlad reached the veraudah, making off' wheu'oiu wasveizetd by' the /hirt 'ileevely' Mrs Nuasl, ,Inerdr to attritt [lie.attoe, tlont of lierbbids ij hirid one of the chambers of'the' loaded rovel1 wdihl duho hold in her disongagped,h?dd.. Thit induced her prisehoer'to struggle violontly to enenpo, which he suacnadaddin oefooting, leanving, howove,' the, aleaovs gf ,)s. hirt in luin wunld-ho alliter'u ]ino'.' M't,' Nitlsh then hirad ofi'three other nlhots, which wore the monsnut oftirlnglig ho rihusl~antdhtolhoru'~tido Tlho" blat,'kfehlu' 'lind tlieu in~?'?oaf l;i: et~'apo, [met we will yonprt'torq .w?i ht tlint hue wnill ~6'hidtb' n" ?'ifhtf?,ry t ':'u' hvlit tlie Sawyers'.. Artmn-'w lp Mrt ,'Intl at ;homno . .. . ... .., S.SrTIUnoo a AGAINST t $NtAr irIat -A~ hind 'uainlda M'liti thle 'ulk{,igid ',, paddock norun Gistiaui 0i (Vlutorhayw ilt' navogtly'ntttnktdo aud hilton,e ontho lhuiid by a hirgo blhaik anak,.uetnt4 'Mr. M'Il. wraiutth, ?onn, iurtorattuluigh)gtawho.,vnfl fat' aahod6i''[luu'ee,'thue'onuhltberh'i lt '1"lanrea{otug lotio of liquhil amnonla, at thIo amnao thtno ad. uthhttitrmnd~ightt- r.opn .6 if ,uaiqm,?t n?ult~l'o hit,. ']?6'tuio to'ur? no'lguis'of hilauolit,,, wren dlneoennag , puid i'titddqly, the uiuni :yuuptoma;neat. itdun t?tio mdu t aggravatuu foruti Ithue epyn dl slned,, t:ot [ ,hou , nahrteIsh ty loan of apieeIl,' nleoplttel, nil iiel'ieh I ollownri cdoatltnipparohtly loy'dring alib1ut.(i'Sr011, ilos,,s at a onneuq andutu hoti e nifylro ag . iltlesteroduh , in'lehi uinafi,id 'tVdfh'duli, him. It wats billy soon.tnt thinh ot), 'chaetnue ,uti.lng'the' youug ui irj'sifi iwuaTny ht ehiing hrini taal, ad this 'e'ouult oni hn dole by 'tlliuhjlihint'' bitti. tirlths 'iglburn vvry Jdrnlhy voh'nluh?,tgap :.0lr ,thlntaup5 and by relays the young mon o)as kept walking from a o'clock on Sundlay evening till t o'eloek on M onday morninqg ; during the whole of that time reoeervy appeared very doubtful. At 12 o'olotk the doses of mmnonin andi hot rotlue were stopped, and at I o'clock thie symptoms re".appeared doubly strung-twieouig of tihe nuseles, insensibllity, and intense drow'iaes-a fatal 'rtsult seouliiig ineviimtable. Mr. M'll' wraith then admtinistered twenty-,ive tdrops of strong liquid ammonia, which had an amnazing vefice; and during the remainder of the night small dloses of iuaonioui and hot collib were.given and it was.net.un til after 7 o'clock that he was considered 'afit"of disiger. Durting the night only one iniall glaos of hot brand, was given. u it eouple of-daysh.loe-was-aile tonattend to-his. dutites. GJATTLii- STj'A~tdii GANO ', .DIf ptleer a 4-' At the Aruidaloe Circuit Court, on Wednues. day, one John Jones, alineas BUlrnd; was coni vi?hcd. of cattle.htealing, and soitanceod ,to five y a?e a's ar ibour. This loni ivwa a. :membe f.'notorious gang, onow?'reLty well broken up, which "operated in the northbwestef.in prt of'?the 1 u'cqthl die il'iet, and ono of hislJsd'ticxploit's ,ai in the stealinhg "ti i"v 't*hd'? cattie; tial.Bautsdhtrh, .il which his associate was the infamous Jack .W;halun :(since. spo(ancod ?fqr,.cattle., stahlipg) ?whoioado. ,hhinso '"?otig?i0?s ud the anformer i th. moemorabloyeI angol?ip sheop-?tealing aflir. Mir.Bnarn~ ordones, was' mairrietd to a fine-loking girlint Marru. rundi, iomes months ago, but, on the even ing of the happy day' got wind that '' the blues'! were on his trail, and bolted preci pitately? His inamorata is thtisapractically a " widow, yet no. wife." . GAY D uonenvts.-We haveoreceived in. formation (says the Bathurs?t Fr"ee Pr'eiss) to the effect that a couple of the ltaiFdauighteirs of Eve have been recently opening the eyes and stripping the parlours of sonicme of 'our local hotel keepers, in a manner 'at once novel. and successful. They enter thi side' door, ater the custom of the lords of 'creeil tion, quietly and with a businedss' like step; nuld seating themselves in the parlour press the bell. InII walks the landlordtor wait. roe'ss, as the easemay be, ad 'espectfullq' solicits the order from' th?'e ftjr bu'tomnr. It' Is "given, and they are left "alone *'hile, the drinks are being procured. 'Whil'o oe' note as guard 'upon tho'mnovements 6'fi the attendant the other deftly "raises" any light article of' mall comp'ess frori thlotoble or the aideboard, and trhnsfdre:theo dsiimo to a capacious, podket in her'lresse' Tlho slon der glasses noow appear, and to each other and their host the fair customeros' drink, 'and leave tho room with the' orthodox bind of the bonnet, to reenat' the proceding in another house. The police lihvo" heard of them a'nd" their doings and are aixiously awaiting an introduction,; ' A. PicNOIOilNo.-A correspondent, writing' from the 'Paterson on' the litthl ays :--" 'lIroughout yesterday (T'hurnidan) lruenioto, it phntolitieniii appeared: here in the Slap, of a sort of sandy fog. The mnornting broke fline and clear, but a'' dense' fog cams on as the stiln lwas rising, which cleaured offil' again as the .oniuilg .advauced and the suln lshone out line and warni'l ; by eight o'clock sky quite bright and clear ; a sort of sandy mist was sen1 to rise, which cnuimncedl thickening until the hills stiur rounding the town becaue invisible; the whole sky appel)ared in a sort of dlusty haze reseimbling ait vast windstoroi, iu a dry season, still what resembled dust rmaninedi statioinary, there boing no wind ; it sight wind arose about nonl ; but it appeared tohave no eflact in clearing tihe atmuos phero; between one ald'two o'clock pim., however, the sandy niist tappeared to rise suddenly and disaproh ar. ' 'h'Io sky wais perfectly clear from clouds, andl the suit's rays were' considorably'weakenod' by the dusty vapotir during thu'tintm it'lastod. EXPERIENCE Or 1 00 C TOWo'-Thoe fol. lowing description of at visit to Cooktowen is taken from a letter received be a geiutletitan in Melbourne i --A stranger unacquainted with the many miseries of Cooktown com ing suddenly from the most populated part of the diggings, would think that the day of resurirction hald arrived, all the moein looking so' ghost-like and superinti'l, You cannot find a mlddle'-ooditioned natti on thli'dilggings all' b'ong 'o thin that their bones actually protrude tlihrouglI their sitkin in ftot, although I have been in the arrtd and almnost every country ihrtli6'world, I never camo aoross asuth wretehed.looking peoploelnor ever, lived in such a eretchoed country as that.north.oel' Queensland. . IT sholidid boe understood by thk c6'ouitry residonts, that, in regaird to'the 'list of godds 'iidvoitisoed by lIitX Bros, in `icn nectiou with their L BALE system, poi't. sons need not contlno thoeins1lve"'to ,110 lihts,' 'but' order wltt tthey likeo. T'1L'y moreover, fotvaiard sanples of their, goods, mniudoupimin'small book?i for whlioh wor; two exporionctld. hbhinds are stloly qtilloycd, Aniy quality t'i dtsari?olo of gootlas 'citt thuis be orderedl, and wihat gr6atota gttao too of a geotiine trade? cano ,a givi, ADv, 