TALES AND SKETCHES. . • The Wife's Secret. If I pride myself upon any mental endowment whatever, it is upon that humble one of Common Sense. I live what is called by the intellectual -people a conventional life. I have my pfew in the neighbouring church, and ait in it twice-every Sunday,If know one .captain in -the army—just sucli •a person as he should be—polished, and yet ferocious, gentle to ladies, but rather insolent to civilian males, boastful of his dubs, and giving all his leisure time, which is considerable, to the cultivation of his moustaches; but otherwise. I am ignorant of the fashionable world and all its gay doings. I have made no endeavour to break through the gilded pale that separates it from the steady-going middle class to which I belong. I do not understand the feeling which prompts my superiors to be ashamed of being -seen in an omnibus. Once every day I return from the city in a yellow one; and if it is wet, 1 use thesame conveyance in the morning to reach my office.' I pay my tradesmen .weekly. My best sherry is 48s a- dozen; and when the captain talks of vintage'-wines (as ho will do by the hour at my table), I often wonder what he thinks he is drinking. However, with true good breeding, he imbibes it in great quantities as though it were the best. . I do not keep a man-servant. Our cook cannot compass an omelette souffiee. My wife trims her own bonnets. We have eight children, who all know the Church Catechism by heart, except the baby j and the last but one. hi short, a more respectable and unfashionable family than cure doei not exist in all : Bayswater. : Under these circumstances, it may be easily imagined tha t we are as free, from the vices of the great as we are ' without their privileges; aud this was, I honestly believe, the case until within a very recent period. When I used <x» read in the papers that the Lady Lutetia Day Coltay (of Norman ancestry and bluest blood) had left her husband's roof, and fled with Major Fiutterbv of the Life Guards or that it was rumoured among wellinformed circles that the gentlemen of the long robe would soon Tind employment in the domestic aifairs of his Grace the Duke of Belgravia, I used to give a prolonged whistle,, and remark: " Here they are again," in general reference to the habits of the hant ton. I knew that our hereditary aristocracy were given to these escapades, which in my own rank of life would certainly be crimes, and I perused such details as the press could furnish -with an avidity unalloyed, I am afraid, with much reprobation. I seemed to be reading of a class of persons whose way of life was too far removed from- my own to affect me, except as a spectator; just as when I went to the play I found myself in an atmosphere of intrigue, and misunderstanding, aud jealousy, altogether unreal, and with which I had not the ghost of an experience in common. Jealousy 1 Why, I have been married sixteen years without entertaining that passion, so that it was not very likely, however well acted, that that passion would entertain me. Misunderstanding! The thing was impossible,for whenever there promised to be "a row in the pantry "—and every, married man will understand me when I make use of that metaphorical expression—I brought it to a head, and had it out, and "off we started again (speaking for self and Mrs It.) on the smooth current of our lives, with the little fracas buried for ever iu its depths.. As for the mother of eight falling in love with another man—it is all very' well in a stage play, and particularly where the husband is a black man, and, as I have said, befitting enough among persons of quality; but upon the Netting Hill side of Bayswater any such mischance would, I felt, be put of place, and ridiculous—a social presumption, as well as a grave domestic ciime. Imagine, therefore, my astonishment when my opposite neighbour, Peabody, who also calls himself my friend, aid me the honour to call upon me a few weeks ago, to speak, iu confidence, of the alarming conduct of my' wife. Having demanded and obtained a private interview, this scandalous old person, who was once an indigomerchant, and yet retains the trace of his calling upon his nose, set before me in detail a number of ' cdrious circumstances -connected with the "goings on," as ho was pleased to call thein, of my wife, which he was not, indeed, .prepared to say" might not possibly be only coincidences, after all," but which he felt it his duty as a fellow-creature, and one who had been •a husband in his time—here his lips made a dumb motion of gratitude— jto let me know. Even as a neighbour, land an inhabitant of -a common Orescent, hitherto remarkable for its Respectability,and which, as I doubtless remembered, had declined to pennit Mrs Jones to put up ApartmetUs in her window, lest we should, be confounded with the lodging-house localities; nay, which by the mere force ofitspublicopinion, had prevented No. 484- from being let to a playactor —even in this character, said Peabody, he would have felt it his duty to make me aware of what was being said, though doubtless falsely, respecting the behaviour of Mrs E. llere I should have locked the door, and informed Peabody that his last hour was certainly arrived, and that he had better make his peace with Providence before I cut his throat; but from ignorance of the proper conduct to be adopted in such exceptional circumstances, and peihapsfrom the knowledge that there was nothing but a paperknife in the Mom with which to effect this : righteous i punishment,, I only burst out laughing, and called him a meddling mid impertinent old fool. " Very true," returned he, for he always makes use of that forui of words—" very true; but still the facts are worth investigating, even from their singularity. Do you know, for instance, that at eleven o'clock, three days a week, your wife goes out in a cab by heiself ?" _ " No," said I, " I do not; though if she does, it is surely better 1 than if die had any ineligible companion. AB -a matter of fact, however^ she does not do so, for I have offered to go shopping : with her twice this week, and she has : declined to accompany me on the ground of having £ sore throat" " Upon what days did she give this excuse ?" inquired P-eaWdy, taking out his pocket-book " Last Monday and last Thursday," returned I. " Well, here's a memorandum: Man-. day, 4th. Saw Mrs R. start us vsual, of 11 ; Thursday, 7UL, ditto, ditto. She could not be going to a morning concert, because she had no white gloves on." " I will grant that much," quoth I sardonically, and yet not by any means unmoved by this unexpected intelligence. " My wife does not go to morning concerts." "Very true," observed Peabody. 11 Then the question arises, where does she go to ? Now, as an inhabitant of the Crescent" " Peabody," interrupted I, severely, " I acknowledge the right of no man —no, not of the man in the moon himself—to meddle with my aifairs upon that ground. I am obliged to you for the interest you have taken in this • matter, but the simple fact is, that it has been entirely misplaced. 1 have "been perfectly well aware of uiy wife's movements, and they have had my fullest permission and approbation. I only wanted to see to what lengths your impertinence and love of interference would carry you. That is your hat, I believe; your umbrella is the alpaca one ; I wish you a very good morning." I ushered my visitor out, and then sat down in my private parlour with my elbows on the table, and both my hands thrust into my hair. I had temporarily extinguished Peabody, but I was on fii e with jealous apprehensions myself. What could it all mean ? For sixteen years my wife had never taken any excursion unless in my company, upon which, she had always given me to understand, she doted; and yet, after refusing to go out with me upon Monday and Thursday last, on the plea of sore throat, she had started, the instant that my back was turned, in a Hansom—or even supposing it was a four- wheeler—in a cab, without white gloves on, and . Confound it, here was a row in the pantry, aud one which my peace of mind demanded to have cleared up at once. "Anna Maria," cried I huskily, from the bottom of the stairs —" Anna Maria, I wish to speak with you immediately," " Lor' bless me," answered my wife from the top story, " it isn't one of the cliildren, is it, John ? Pray tell me the worst at once." " No, madan;, it is I," replied I stiffly. " Then it's the kitchen chimney," exclaimed she in a dogmatic tone. "And didn't I tell Mary to have it swept a week ago; and now the fireengines will spoil everything, even if we are not burnt out of house and home," Was it possible that this woman could have deceived me; as Peabody had said, and yet talk so simply of her children, and of house and home ? By the time Anna Maria had got down to the drawing-room flight, I had begun to be rather ashamed of myself. When the mother of eight reached my sitting-room door, with her honestface aglow with animation, and her voice so earnest about the soot, I did not dare to mention what I had in my mind. " I called you down, dear, to say that I was going to give myself a holiday to-day, and to ask you to come with me to Hampstead Heath, and dine at Jack Straw's Castle this afternoon, it being such. a beautiful day." (To be -continued in our next.) 