bus LETTER' HOME. The Legislative Assembly met for what it designates business on Tuesday, January 11, when it vu soon found that the festivities '> of the holiday Mason had not had the effect £f bringing; the obstructive Opposition to a better feeling of their doty to the Constitu tion and to the conntry. The attempt of the Government to proceed with the consider*. Won of the finances in committee was im peded by senseless motions to adjourn, and to report progress, moved in constant sue. Cession, and interspersed with speeches com. posed of factiousness, claptrap, and buf. loonery. The intentions of the Government were forcibly stated to the House by Sir James M'Culloch. He professed himself ready to give ever? opportunity to the Oppo sition to discuss the question of the necessity of dissolving Parliament provided its leaders would engage to accept the vote when it was taken, and if it was unfavourable to allow the business of the country to proceed. He declared that himself and his colleagues were ready and willing to give place to their successors so soon as they were expelled from office by a vote of a majority, but until that was done he would resist every Attempt to upset the principles of the Con. stitution by making a minority paramount' over the majority. The Opposition, however, declined in enter into any such understand ing, and announced the intention of prevent ing the grant of supplies unless a dissolution Was granted. Mr. Wrixon, in an able speech, pointed out that besides the dangerous pre cedentthat would be established by allowing the Opposition to carry its point the majority of the House, its course was directly subversive of the spirit of constitu tional and Parliamentary government, which is based on the principle that the will of the majority when fairly ascertained must be l»w._ On Wednesday night, 19th inst, the potion that the House should go into com inittee of supply afforded an opportunity to a member of the Opposition-Mr. Tucker-to propose that an address be presented to His Excellency, praying him to dissolve the House, and thereupon the question of dis solution was fully discussed. After two nights debate the proposal was negatived by 31 votes to 23. Of matters more or less connected with politics we may say that the death of Mr. Michael O'Grady on January 5 having created a vacancy in the representation of Villiers and Heytesbury, Mr. Jones, Miniator of Railways, who lost his seat on going for re-election, placed himself in candidature for the seat. He is opposed by Sir John Q'Shanassy, who apparently considered that an Irishman and a Catholic should have a prior claim to the seat held byMr. O'Grady. Mr. Mason, member for South Gipps Land, who was lately adjudged by the committee of the Victoria Racing Club to be in default to some bookmakers for unpaid bets, which he declared he had never made, diare. garded the demands made upon him by the press and public opinion to purge Parliament of his presence, and went down to his constituency, where he made speeches to public meetings, told his vertion of the case, and obtained votes of confidence and sympathy. It is evi dent that the stigma which before rested on Mr. Mason now extends to the constituency Which regards him as a good and suitable representative. The revenue returns for 1875 show a total amounting to £4,215,524 being an increase of £161,660 on the previous year. The increase, however, is wholly made tap by the excessive quantity of land sold by »pction 4uring the year. The returns of the last quarter show an improvement under the ^e^ds of customs and exciseiA code of regu lations. of a most unjust and arbitrary {character has been issued for the regulation of} the Tan Yean water Bupply, and has excited a strong feeling of indignation in the mind of the public of the metropolis. The ^ayor of Melbourne has announced his in tention of disregarding one Which relates to the watering of the ptreets, and there is little doubt that the public similarly disregard the others. > Our Governor. Sir Geoige Bowen, has re turned through America, and reached > Mel bourne on January 12. Hewasreoeivedwith the usual honour^ and was, > moreover, greeted by a hearty and sincere welcome from theoommunity at > large. His first public appearanoe was on the evening of the someday, when > at the Town-hall he presented the lalaui won by competitors in the late > ^»oonte8tB. Sosrletfeverstill lingers in the colony, and an average of frpm 30 to 40 deaths weekly Ibpm tMB«ao|p3bas prevailed in the metro* p^|or«9fe|gl,ivM|Ka, The birth rate has fare^jne tinaealapfteen unacoonntably low* and the two oimatnatanoes combined have put an unfavourable aspect on our vital statistics. ; The highly successful steamer Si Oayth ton her list voyage eoHpsed all her former per.: ifonntaoes, slso tfaoseof sllothersteamers, by maUnfe tbt voyagein 481 days from port to port. H.M.& Didot after spending some weeks in this port, sailedaweekago for Eng.' land. An inquest on ft young man named Robert Berth, who died alter undergoing an operation for stone perfprmed by Mr. Beaney at the Melboume Hospital, attracted a good deal of public attention. ? .The jury found that Mr. Beaney had not shown culpable negligenoe, but expressed the hope that in all future operations at the hospital the re* gulations regarding consultations would be strictly adhered to. An inquest held at Kew Asylum having shown that* patieat, Louis Wolff Lewis, had* reoeived Mrioos injuries during his stay at the ssylunfcihe Government hasdeoided toappointaoommisalonofinqtUry into the case and some othermatters affect in* the working of the asylum. The schooner Isabella, from Melbourne to Western Port, has been totally wrecked at the Heads. It is believed that the barque Bssie Black, from Newcastle to Adelaide, was wrecked at Kent's Group, but a search recently made at the islands failed to ascertain anything respecting her. Mr. Griffiths, the Attorney General and Minister of Education id Queensland, has been viBiting Melbourne With & view of investigating the practioal Workiog of the Victorian Education Act Mr. Boticaufc, Premier of South Australia, has klBO been a visitor in this city. The tender bf Messrs. Overpnii and Robb for the con struction orthe Ararat and Hamilton railway ' has been accepted. The amount of contract js £177,325. As a consequence of some jlispute between Captain Stanley, of the Admiralty Survey, and Lieutenant Tandy, of the Victoria, the services of the latter officer have been dispensed with. A destructive fire at Horsham, on January 13, laid a large part of that town in ashes. The first number of tlie Melbourne. Beview, a review on the model of the Contemporary and the Fortnightly, has been issued. It will be published quarterly. In the New South Wales Parliament, on re-assembling after the holidays, thedebate oil Mr. Parkes's amendment on the Budget was resumed. The amendment was ultimately re jected by34votesto22. The imports for the year tip to December 4 were £10,785,788, as against £8,560,553, the amount in the equivalent' I period of the former year. An agitation has | been begun in the Clarence River and New; j England districts in favour of separation, but the movement does not seem of a very sub Iitantial character. A great fire destroyed a arge portion of Mr. Mort's freezing estab ishment, but the freezing rooms were not hurt The damage was estimated at £3,000. Mademoiselle de Murska was married to her pianiBt, Mr. Alfred Andenson. The Com mercial Bank at Cannonbar was entered by armed robbers, who plundered it of £1,500. The South Australian Government has successfully laid a telegraph cable across Backstairs Passage to connect Cape Borda with the mainland; The body of a man was lately found in the hills with a revolver by his Bide, and has been identified as that of a Mr. Hate, son of the resident magistrate at King George's Sound, brother of the Rev. Frauds Hare, late private secretary to Sir Jas. Fergusson, in New Zealand, and nephew of the late Professor Maurice. The new regulations of the Council of Education have been issued. The revenue for 1875 is re turned as £1,143,255, as against £1,003,005 in 1874. Someputsof Queensland havesuffered, and are still suffering, from a very severe drought, i Another accident has happened to a steamer ! of the Torres Straits service, the Brisbane getting aground at Angelica Reef after passing through the Straits. The passengers, mails, and specie were safely landed, and it does not appear that serious harm was done to the ship. The news from the Palmer Digging speaks of several sew rushes opened, and is altogether en couraging. Heavy cyclones swept over Copperfield and Gympie, and destroyed large buildings at both towns. Leprosy has appeared amongst the Chinese at the Palmer. The schooner Chance, on returning from a labour cruise, reported having picked up five Kanakas who had been capsized from their canoe, and had been five days in the water. The employment of Kanakas as general labourers has excited strong opposi tion in some parts among the working men of the colony. * The general elections are proceeding in New Zealand, and naturally excite a good deal of public interest So far as they have 'gone it appears that the Government lias secured a large majority. It is regarded on all sides that the abolition of the old Provincial Governments is final ;and on alterable. Dr. Haast, of Canterbury, reports the discovery of a limestone cave, the wills of which are covered for a spaoe of 100ft by 5ft. with drawings of different ages in which the moa largely figures. A terrible outrage took place at the Hutt, near Wellington, where an insane German fatally wounded several men with an axe. The New Zealand Magazine, a quarterly journal of general literature, was issued at Dunedin on January I. ? ; From Fiji we learn that the Governor, Sir Arthur Gordon, had-been compelled to leave Levuka withliis family, to obtain the benefit of change'of air at Suva. H.M.S. Nymphe had relieved the Barraoonta at Levuka. No* thing had transpired to corroborate the Rumour that the French intended to appro priate the New Hebrides group; but it is stated that the Government of New Cale donia bad sent to Sandwich to examine the suitability of that spot for a.settlsment. The Government of New Caledonia has laid a sub marine cable from the peninsula of Duoos to Itheislfttdtif Non. Two events of great import in the sporting world have been decided daring the ilast month, the Intercolonial Cricket iMatdvon Boxing and following day*, and i the great Champion Raoe. The first-named ended in the total discomfiture of the Vio itorian Ele ven, who were beaten by the Ne w Sonth.Walesmen in one innings, with 1 run 'to spare. On Boxing Day-thaiattendance on the Helboum? Cricket Club ground was very gnat, there being about 16,000 persons present Theweather was favourable, bat ithe (stand, owing to the. previous heavy rains,, was-, dead. The New South Wales ; captain(Ooatee) won the toss, and sent the i Victorians in. The first three wickets (Allan, Campbell, and Horan) were out for lion, when Slight and Kelly got together, and a i stand was made, and the fourth wicket (Slight's) fell for a total of 37. Cooper and Kelly .remained until 92 were got, when Kelly was bowled by Evans for 71, got by 'very brilliant Jbitting. The remainder of the ; team did not soon much, the gross total beinglSfi, Cooper being caughtoff .Evans, 'abaidhlt' to abort leg, for 36. The fitting jof the Sydney men was not very brilliant, b^t their bpwUngwasgood. ; The New South Wales men fcheij went bat no long-stand was made until typqafs man appeared. He played a grand inning* of 83, showing equally good hitting and de fence. Powell got the seoondsoore, 29; Nat Thompson and Evans, 12 each. bowled well for Viotoria, bat the "M»tr bowlers were not of much acooant. Th§ New South Wales total was 17L Victoria regularly broke down in her seoond innings, which was played on Wednesday after noon, the 29th, Tuesday having been so very wet that the match was postponed to that date. The innioga did not last an hoar, *nd the gross total was only 34, of which , number Alexander made II. Cooper was run ont, and the other players seemed panic struck to Evans's bowling. This the 'bird consecutive Intercolonial Hatch lost by this colony. The return match comes off at Sydney at the end of February* The New Year's pay Meeting of the Vic fona Racing Club was a grand sucoess, about 3^,000 persons being present on the coarse The weather was propitious, cloudy bat fine, and the racing was first-class. .Eleven ran in the Hurdle Race, which was won by Asmodens. The Two-year-old Stakes brought out a field of 10 youngsters, and the Messrs. Cnlrnside a fine colt, Netrminster, by Th# won very eaaU*. Bnseis, by I Tun Whiffler (imp.), being second, and Sihrt thirjl. The £100 Plate ended in a disgraceful i swindle, Cyclops, who could have won easily being pulled. The people hooted the jockey,' ana the stewards held an investigation, H ing in the jockey's (Rawlings) disqualification, and as, on further inquiry, the boy | he had been directed to lose the race by Jus employer, P. Dowling, that worthy was j aJao ^disqualified and expelled from the V.R.C. Meases. Chimaide won the summer Handicap with Saltan; and then the groat Champion Sweepstakes was "ti. for which 13 horses saddled up, of which number : Mr; Jellett's Richmond, by Maribymong, 3 yzs, 7afc Ub., proved the winner; Mr. Taifs ( Goldsbrough, 5 yrs, 9st 9lb., was second and Mr. W. Wilson's Maid of All Work, 3 ynt 6st. 121b., third. Dagworth, aged, 9st. 131b. Proto-Martyr (imp), 9at 61b.; Calumny, 6 yrs,' 9at 101b.; Melbourne, 4 yrs, 9a t; Emulation. 3 yrs, 7st. lib.; The Painter. 3 yrs, 7st. Robin Hood, 3 yrs, 7st. lib.; Burgundy, 3yrs, 7st. Ub.; Bella* 3 yrs, 6st. 12lb.; and Sir , Knight, 2 yrs, a feather, also ran. Richmond won the race very cleverly at last, but Golds brough ran a great horse under the weight, whilst the rider of the Maid was unable to finish from fatigue, or it is supposed the filly would have run a good race home with Richmond. The English horse, Proto Martyr, ran away with the lead for more than two miles a.t a great pace, which accounts for the time-5m. 35s., the fastest yet in Australia. The race was a great success, and the stake will probably be increased next year. A capital steeplechase followed the Champion Race, the winner being All Fours; very well ridden by Mi. Robt. Orr. Dr. Bathe's Paradox won the Three-year-old Handicap, and brought one of thepleaa&ntest; meetings ever held at Flemington to a close. In the Champion Race Mr. E- ^fold horse Dagworth broke down, and his leg was so severely injured that the horse had to be shot to put him ont of his misery. Mr. Fisher had sold him for £1,200, to be delivered sound after the race. The pantomimes are enjoying a fair mea sue of success at either house, that at the Opera-house being deservedly most in favour. At St George's Hal], the Fakir of Oolo, frith a mixed entertainmant in nrh^i. t^flfnaatofn the cataract; and. the ghost illusion az^.prin cipal elements,- is attracting considerate public attention. The Apollo-haU has be^n closed for a week or two. Its last ivere the St Vincents, and they were by the Baby Benson troupe. Some people just arrived from England-to wit, Mi- Kelly Maher, Mr. Charles Lewis, and ML De Croix -are to appear there next. Daring the Christmas period there were the customary sacred performances" in Melbourne, and the Rev. Charles Clark gave his lectureon Christ mas, with musical accessories, in which Mkn Christian's perfect voice was a moat agreeable feature. In the suburbs there have been many musical -performances, and Ma^.^ Barton and Taylor's circus fpent a week lately in the districts round Melbourne. Madame and Herr Simonsen have arrived from England,, and are organising an ope- ratio company, .which as expected to be ready for anAuatralasiantQuran the 12th proximo. The company now at the^Opexa-house is bontemplating a tour, and a dramatic com pany is being formed to take. Jfreu place; to taf^ort somestaye from England and Ame rica who are shortly expected under engage pent to Hp. Lyster. Among thes^ aie Mb Eromett from the States, and Mr. Sothera from England. Apiojecfcisonfoot for build Ml new theatre, tobe oaJled "The Aca. pemy of Music,'' oo a atte* little above the Opera-house in Boupk^etwet Theportioa frf the company of the g^aotengagi* in the pantomime has be^ tp B|d|arat pnd |9eel(^luyingNellaBthe x^inoipaiitenaia. thebilL At Geelong their jierformanoes paiae bo an end r- ". -* 1 * 4 . * ". Christchurch, respectively under the man* sgement of Mi, Steele, Mr. Darrell, and Mr. Hoskins- Mr. Wbeatleigh is still tour ing ; as is also Mr. John Smith with a combination troupe, of which the Willards are chief. The latest news from India was to the effect that the Williamsons had been as successful in Calcutta as in Melbourne; that the Allen opera company was only mode rately popular; that English's company waB reasonably bo ; and that the Carandini com pany bad been lessened by the marriage of the MisseB Carandini. Tbe harvest, both in the colony of Victoria and South Australia, has been hindered by heavy rains. In the former colony the yield Is expected to be better than at one time seemed possible: the quality, though various, will not, upon the whole, be amiss. The South 'Australian crops have Buffered consi derably from exposure after stripping, and no donbt a good deal of damage was done; the estimate of surplus for exportation is much below' that of last season, but as the figures put forth can hardly be accepted as authoritative, we forbear giving them cur rency. The grape crop up to the present time is BO backward that unless summer is unusually prolonged, the quality of the vintage will not be up to the Australian standard. In the southern parts of Victoria grapes have hardly yet* Bwelled to half their size. In New South Wales a long drought has almost wholly destroyed the fruit crops, and left the grapes very small, and of inferior quality. On the 7th inst. oc cnrred the annual draft sale of shorthorns and Herefords from the extensive herds of Messrs. Robertson Brothers, Colac, the firm which recently made the spirited purchase of Mr. Richard Morton's Mount Derrimut herd of shorthorns for the sum of £27,000. The total number sold was 293, including " station stockthe total sum realised £30,807 7s. The great sensation of the day was the com petition for Roan Duchess, a heifer by Duke of Brunswick (25,937)-Fanny 8th by The Beau. After a lengthened competition she fell to the bid of Mr. Samuel Gardiner for the Bum of 2,200 guineas. The same buyer secured her half-sister, Countess of Brunswick, for 1,200 guineas, another half* sister for 1,050 guineas, and still another at the Bame figure. The bulls also by the same sire made very fair prices; Duke of Alvie realised 800 guineas; Duke of Colac, 500 guineas; Duke of Derrimut, by Oxford Cherry Duke, 850 guineas ; 3rd Earl of Derri mut, Ity Earl of Geneva (31,068) 725 guineas ; | 4th Earl of Derrimut by Earl of Geneva, 700 ; guineas ; 4th Duke of Rockingham, by Duke I of Brunswick, 600 guineas. The addition of the Mount Derrimut herd to their own, which has been in course of formation for 35 years, has enabled Messrs. Robertson to spare a number of animals which contd probably not be excelled in any part of the world. 