TURKEY AND THE PEACE OF EUROPE. The more the public become acquainted with the details of the measures taken to enforce strict neutrality on the Bosnian and Hcrzcg'iriiiian frontier, the more in certain circles the opinion gains around that the insurrection trill not disturb tile peace of Europe. But in spite of the semi oilicial contradictions, well- informed Pesth c irresjiondents maintain that the Houved j army have received orders to hold them selves ready to march. Szendc, the Minis ter of the Honveds, and Szeil, tile Finance Minister, are said to have raised objec tions, hut they were overruled by the majority of their colleagues. Tile Honveds can only he assembled after the reserves hare been called out and the active army have left their garrisons and are concen trated 011 the frontier. Even the Cis Leithan landwehr, which does not form a J separate force, but the second reserve of the common Austro-Hungariaii army, would have to be enrolled before the Honveds, whose calling out would there fore point to a war affecting the very existence of Austria, and not merely an occupation of Boumania or a war against the Porte. Vt'e have already heard from Austrian officers some weeks ago that two large armies would be concentrated at j Temesvar and Grosswardein in Hungary. That would he the flank position the Aus trian troops occupied in 1854, and could only he conceivable under the supposi tion that Kussia intended to occupy Ron mania and cross the Danube. Although such a combination may seem to agree with the warlike preparations ill Bou mania, its originators must have very little understanding of pi cities to imagine anytiiingjso improbable. In the spring of 1872 Count Andrassy said, " The Ori ental question does not trouble ine ; we should take up our position 011 the Pruth (East Gaiicia), smoke our cigars, and as | soon as Russia crossed the Danube fall upon her in the rear." Since then the Count has grown wiser, and has become the warm friend of Russia, knowing, as he does, that she is sure of the Prussian alliance in any case. I11 consequence of his representations the construction of a fortified camp in East Gaiicia was given up—a proceeding which led to the resig nation of the former Minister of War, Barmi Kiilin. But that the fortifications | were begun shows that among the leading military men of Austria the only rational | plan of a campaign against Russia has long been sketched out. To operate against Warsaw and Moscow at the same time would be folly ; 011 the one hand Poland would be easy to defend by its triangle of | fortresses, on the other the two Austria: armies would lie separated from each other by a distance of at least 400 miles, and moreover Russia would seared}' be weak ened by the loss of Poland. Austria herself has not much to fear from an attack of a Russian army fro Poland, as Cracow and Olinutz are fortified, and a revolution of the j Poles might still further interfere with the march of the Russians. It is true j that if a superior force marched against Pcstli Gaiicia would have to he abandoned, but then again the Carpathian passes | would he easy to defend. The intention of the Hungarian Government to establish a fortified camp for the Honveds at Epe ries seems intended to guard against this eventuality. The Austrians in assuming tile offensive would have to direct their I efforts against Kief and Moscow ; there lies the heart of Russia, her most fruitful districts, her largest coal mines, and the manufactory of arms at Tula, so that only a blow struck there would inflict a deadly wound, iiuoh are the opinions of the best Austrian officers, and therefore we con sider the report of a concentration of | troops at Grosswardein and Temesvar is not to ho credited. In Bosnia the in surrection will very soon be suppressed, as tile Austrian authorities have confis cated the boats 011 the Unna, used hv the insurgents, and thus cut off their retreat into Croatia. Ill a few weeks there will only he a few small hands of robbers call- | ing themselves insurgents to be found in the lvozara mountains. It is more diffi cult to guard the frontier between Dal matia and the Herzegovina ; but even hero tlie insurrection will receive a death blow when Stiano, Raguso, and Castel niiovo can 110 longer be used ;es head quarters, arsenal, and magazines. Mon tenegro can he half starved by merely closing the road from Cattaro to Cetinie, and Servia may be made powerless by the little old fortresses on the Danube and | Dravc. During the last few weeks Count Andrassy lias shown that it is his wish to cut off all support from the ilisurrectio and thus stamp out the spark which might lead to a European conflngratio and, if he retains the power to cavry out his intentions, in spite of the opposition of influential circles, peace is certain. It I is to Garibaldi that this happy turn of affairs is owing; his zeal for the insur gents has inspired the Courts with a dread of the " red ghost." Although Garibaldi did not shrink from being the ally of the j Czar, that potentate shows 110 desire to ] ally himself with Garibaldi. 