THE FIRST DAY OF CREATION. A SERMON. BY C.H. SPURGEON. "And God saw the light that it was good,"—Genesis 1\. 4. WE shall this morning leave all discussion as to the creation of the world to those learned divines who have paid their special attention to that subject, and to tnose ■snlngliti who know, or at anyrate think they know, a very great deal about it It is a very interesting subject, bfet this is not the time for its consideration: our busi ness is moral and spiritual rather than scientific We Justify our present discourse by quoting that re markable parallel text which the Holy Spirit baa given «■ In the second Epistle to the Corinthians, fourth chapter and the sixth Terse, where Paul says, " God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath sained into oar hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of tbe glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ" The •nation was an instructive type of the mw creation. God's methods of forming the old oreation illustrate his ways in preparing and perfecting his people who are new creatures in Christ Jesus. So we anall gather light from an analogy which is evidently warranted by the New Testament. We trust we shall not be guilty of inventing «l»itig« fanciful, strained, or merely curious; our object to edification and consolation, a«d not a display of in genuity. Nay tha eternal light of the Holy Spirit shine upon us now, that by His light we may see light. Man's fallen nature is a very chaos, " withwut form and void," with darkness thick and sevenfold covering all The Lord begins Hi* work upon man by the visitation of the Spirit, who enters the soul mysteriously, and broods over it, even as of old he moved upon the face of the waters. He is the quickaner of the dead souL In con nection with the presence of the Holy Spirit the Lord sends into the soul, as his first blessing, light The Lord appeals to man's understanding, and enlightens it by the gospel The heavenly light reveals to man his obligations to God and his forgetfulnoss of them; it ahowsatm the evil of sin, his own guilt and consequent danger, and tbe impossibility of his escaping from that danger by any efforts of bis own. That same light, also, nveato to man God's way of salvation—shows him the psrsoo of Christ, his work, its suitability, and its free- Mss, and tote him see how he may obtain an interest in redemption by the simple act of believing. It is a blsssnd thine for any man when the Lord says concerning him, "listthan be light" If you keep your eye upon the chapter you will observe that the light cam* into the world at first by the word—"God said, 'let there be light'" It is through the word of God contained in this book, the Bible, that light comes into the soul: let me. correct myself—it is by Him who is called the " Logos," tbe Word, that light is poured into the heart of man, for " iv him was life, and the life was the light of man." This is that true light which lighteth every man that oonMth into tbe world. The Spirit, you see, is engaged in the new creation: ha broods over the soul; the Son of God to the Creator also—He is that Word without whom nothing was made, and by whom light came; and the Father unites in tbe same sacred work, for it is He who speaks and it to done. It needs the Trinity to new-onate asouL Ob, triune God, our souls which are new created worship Thee with the trinity of their nature—spirit, soul, and body. The light which broke in upou the primeval darkness was of a very mysterious kind, and came not according to ordinary laws, for as yet neither sun nor moon had been set as lights in the firmament. Can we tell how spiritual light first dawns on nature's night ? It darts upon some souls without the aid of apparent ministries, immediately from God ; indeed, though the Lord sendeth light by this means or by that, yet in every case the light is his own work, «nd tbe mee.ua are in themselves so evidently powerless that the whole glory of ths work belongs to the Lord alone. How he removes darkness from the under standing, and illuminates the intellect, is a secret reserved for Himself alone. Mysteriously, then, the light enters into tbe soul of man; but one thing is clear ooneerning it:-however it comes, if it be true light, it is always God-given, and comes alone from the great Father of lights. No gracious light ever will or can cma to any man except directly from God himself. There was no latent ngnt in ths ohaotio mass of world, no brilliancy to be developed out of ths primitive darkness, it was need ful that Jehovah should interpose, and that his flat should poor in light from above. O baart of man, thou art darkness itself, but in the Lord to thy light found. Ths light cams instantaneously. Six days wore occu pied infurnisbing ths earth, bnta moment sufifced for Illuminating it God works rapidly in the operation of regeneration: as with a flash he darts light and life into ths souL Ths operations of grace are gradual, b«t its entrance to instantaneous. Although instantaneous, it to not, however, shallow and short-lived. The light did not depart because of its rapid coming, it was a per manent boon which earth received in that glad hour. The light remained, and increased, and though in every spot upon the globe there are needful interludes of night, and though there has been an evening aa well as a morning to all succeeding days, yet our globe has never been for saken of thebTesssd light since the day who* first the eternal Word flashed it forth upon the faoaof the deep. Even so when God sends graoe into the sonl of man it cones in an instant, but it doss not so depart " The gifts and calling of God are without repentance." Tbe narrnm struggles for the mastery, but the light once given none shall quench: it must and shall shine forth more and more unto the perfect day. All this to worthy of our careful note, bnt the point which we are about to dwell upon to this:—our text con cerns only theflnt day of creation, and the Lord's consi deration of that first day's work, and his approval of it, are set before us in the text. The first day of creation fairly pictures the commencement of our spiritual life, our oonvktion, conversion, and first faith in Jesus. My object shall be to speak words of comfort to beginners, that I may cheer those upon whom the true light has only lately begun to shine; and I shall also give a few words of advice to older people as to their duty to these newly- enlightened ones. L Our first observation will be this: The Lord sees whatever he creates. « The Lord saw the light" He was the sols observer of it Neither eye of man, nor bird, nor beast was there to behold the golden glory ; but God saw ths light Newly enlightened one, it may be you are pained because you have no Christian companion to observe your change of heart ; osase from your sorrow, for God beholds you. Hast thou seen thyself a sinner, and dost thou therefore weep in secret places f Hast thou begun to see the Saviour, and dost thou look to Him in loneliness of spirit and find in Him a Joy with which a stranger intermeddleth not? It to but a small matter that no human eye has seen tby repentance and thy faith, for He beholds them, even He who gave them birth. It may be that neither father nor mother have perceived tbe change, and perhaps had they perceived it they may be such that they would not have rejoiced in it: but let this be tby comfort, tby heavenly Father sees thee and His heart pities thee. When the prodigal was yet a great way off his Father saw him, add eveu thus thy heavenly Father sees thee; and as this was enough for the prodigal, so it to enough for thee. Upon thy tears of penitence he has fixed his eye, and upon thy glance of faith he has turned his gaze. "Theliordsaw the light:" this grand truth should be very sweet to those whose faith to lonely, who meet with many dis couragement*, and little or no sympathy. Like Hagar in the desert you should rejoicingly say, " Thou God asest me." " The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous, and his ears are open onto their cry." David said, "I am poor and needy, yet tbe Lord thinketh upon ma" 0, young beginner, the Lord sees the work of graoe that to in you: though it be but in its first day He does not turn His oyo from the light which He has kindled, and so long as this to the case you need not four. The orator of old thought Plato alone quite enough for an audionce, much more then may you consider that the Lord alone to all that you need by way of observation, and you may joyfully pray with the Psalmist, " Look thou upon me, and be merouul unto me, as thou usest to do unto those that love thy name." That light had come into the world in a noiseles* man ner, yettns Lord saw It The entrance of God's word which giveth light is effected in " solemn silence of the mind." If men make aa illumination, we can bear the crackling of their fireworks over all the city ; but when God fllntuinstes the earth with the son, the orb of day arises without a sound, the anoieuU talked of the chariot of the snii, but who ever heard the sound of wheels or the tramp of horses in the sky* The health boating wings of the morning cs~use no taiunlt in the air when they are spread abroad. " When nnirn her rosy steps in the eastern clime advancing, sows the earth with orient pearl," her footfalls are not heard. True, the birds salute her coming with glad song*, but the herself steals onward without voice. Even tan* grace enters the sonl, and not a whUper is breathed, yet the Lord sees the light Light is its own advertisement, it needs no trum pet to announce it; and it is the same with grace. Dear young friend, in you the work of grace has been a very quiet one, perhaps you remember no remarkable sermon, no horrible dream, no siok-bed experience, no grim ter rors of the law, such aa have happened to others of God's people: you hate been treated as Lydia was whose heart the Lord opened, or, like Timothy, you have known the Soripturet from your youth. Be not therefore led to sus pect your sinoerity, or to doubt the reality of the work of grace. Although the work in your soul has been so quiet, so hidden fromtheeyesof men, souuromarkableand commonplace, vet take comfort from the text, "The Lord taw the fight" No trumpet proclaimed it, hut the Lord saw it; no voice went forth concerning it, but the Lord saw it and it was enough; and in your case it Is the SMMI The earth itaelf could not recognise the light, yet the Lord saw it Poor dull chaos, what could it know ? And as for primeval night, the light shone in the darkness and the darkness comprehended it not How often does the young believer stand in doubt as to himself? How frequently doss he enquire, "Is this light or is it notr Nor is he alone in such great aearchlugs of heart, for there are times with some of the more advanced uf us when we are rery glad to think that the Lord sees the light, for we cannot see it: times when, through doubt and fear, and a keen sense of sin, we begin to question whether the Lord has ever shoo* upon us at all: and if thin happens to full-grown saint* it is not much wonder if it occur* to babes in grace, in the first morning of their life. If it should occasionally prove a very serious question: "Am I in the light or notf we need not marvel; for often hare sincere children of God put up the anxious enquiry. "Is this light, or only darkness visible r' How often do we mourn that we have scarcely more light than sumces to reveal our darkness and make us pine for more. Oh, troubled ene, lay this home to your soul, the Lord saw the light when earth henalf oould not perceive it Let us not forget that besides the light there was no other beauty. The earth, according to the Hebrew, waa " taku and bcku," which, in order to oome near both to the sense and sound at the same time, I will render "anyhow and nohow." It was confusion, emptiness. waste ; matter diaoordant and disorganised : and so God Axed his eye an the light, not on the chaos. Even so, beloved friend, your experience nay seem to be a chaos, nohow and anyhew, exactly what it should not be, a mass of unformed conceptions, and half-formed desires, and ill formed prayers, butyet there tograeeinyon, and God seesit, even amid the dire confusion and hug* uproar of your spirit What He has himself orsated in you He beholds, considers, and delights in; and, as for the sin that dwell cth in you, He only regards it as covered from His sight by the atoning work of His dear Bon. Remember, too, that when the light came it had to contend with darkness, but God saw it none the less. Ho also in your soul there still remains the darkness of inbred corruption, ignorance, infirmity, and tendency to sin, and these cause a conflict, but the light i» not thereby hidden from the eyes of God. What a mercy it is that oar God keeps his eye on the light rather than ou the darkness. Oh, howl bless Him for that 1 If He were to ignore the light that Is in us because it k feeble, and look only at our sin because it is abundant. He would certainly destroy us utterly ; but instead of that He caste our sins behind His back, while upon the new- born grace He fixes His steaty gate and says, " I the Lord do keep it: I will water it every moment: lest any hurt it, I will keep it night and day. * For many reasons the Lord sees the light, but chiefly he sees it because he made it, and he forsakes not the work of his own hands. God can see graoe in men when you and I cannot, because He knows where it is, seeing He himself hid it in the soul. There is never a grain of graoe in the world but what God has a register of it All the grace in men's hearts calls God " Father," and God hears its voice and turns His eye that way. He knows His own children, and His eye and His heart are towards them continually for good. He knows the light which is of His own creating, there is not one stray sunbeam in the universe, nor one forgotten ray of light; neither is there a spark of forgotten graoe, or a grain of salvation which has got out of its course. God cannot but remem ber His own graoe, seeing that the giving of It is a work so dew to His heart, and the elect of that work it to precious in His esteem. To sum np what we hare said, Ton who have been con verted to God may lament that in your soul there is no order, and thai everything is tossed about; you may per ceive no growth, no fruit, no virtue in your life, beoauss you have not known the Lord long enough to produce much; but yet if there be light enough to reveal Christ in you as your only hope, be you of good cheer, for the Lord does not look for the fourth day's work on the first day ; but he seas that in you which is of His own giving and creating, and He calls it good. Seeing the light in you He will perpetuate it so that yon shall never walk In darkness, and He will increase it till the glory breaks upon you. Dost thou repent of sin f God saw the light Hast thou bemoaned thy shortcomings t God saw the light Hast thou begun to pray r " Behold, he prayeth," says God, for He sees the fight Hast thou believed in Jesus Christ with even a trembling faith r God sees the light Hast thou begun to hope in His mercy f He sees that hope, for the God that gave thee its light still looks upon it 11\. It is time for us to pass on to a seoond head, which is this—the Lord approves of what He orcatee. " God mw the light that it was good." He took pleasure in it. Now, as far as this world was oonoerned, light was but young and new; aad so in some of you graoe is quite a novelty. You were only converted a very little while ago, and you have had no time to try yourselves or to develops your graces, yet the Lord delights in your new-born life. There are some older folk who are sus picious of the dawn of grace, and look very dubiously upon new converts, but in this they have not the mind of God. The old members of our churches in the country, twenty years ago, used to say, "We must not take in young converts too soon : we mnst summer and winter them befon they are baptised," This they called pru dence. I wonder what they would think of prudent farmer* who summered and wintered the lambs before they took them into the fold T Or prudent parents who sum mend and wintered their babes before they pressed them to their bosom T We ought right gladly to take the little babss in grace and nurse them for the Lord, and by no means despise their youth. The Lord did not leave the light to itself till it had been tried for years, but on the first day He smiled upon it and pronounoed it good. He took delight in it because it was as much His oreation and as truly good as if He had made it ages before. Light is good at dawn as well as at noon; the grace of God is good though but newly received; it will work out for you greater things byand-by, and make yon more happy and more holy, but even now all the elements of exoel lence are in it, and its first day has the divine blessing upon it Grace in the bud is pleasant unto the Lord; let this truth fill the newly converted with intense delight Here we must mention again that it was struggling light, yet none the less for that approved of by the Lord. We do not understand how it was that the light and the darkness were together until God divided them, as this verse intimates; but as John Bunyansays, "No doubt darkness and light here began their Quarrel," for what communion hath light with darkness. The black darkness was in possesiion, but the arrows of light pierced it through and through; it strove to hold its own, but ere long it oould be said " the darkness is past and the true light now shineth." Do you remember how it was with you when the light invaded the little world within you? I remember well the inward battle and sore conflict in my own case. What struggles I What contentions 1 What conflicts my soiil endured when tbe light first broke in upon nature's night I My darkened heart rebelled against the light, hating to have its deeds reproved; but the light would not be extinguished or turned aside. Backed by the divine flat, it pierced its way until I joined the company to whom it is said " je were sometime darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord." My brethren, lam sure you are no strangers to this conflict, nor is it to you altogether a thing of the past. You are In the conflict still Still giace and sin are warring in you, and will do so till you an taken home. Let this help you. 6 re who are perplexed ; remember that struggling as the light is, God approves of it, and calls it good. Sven the repentance which oannot repent •a it would U good, the faith which cannot believe a* it would is good ; life which aiuoaMeti like Are in ibunp wootl iv goixl, and tti« Lonl *o erteenu it " A bruiaed reed He will not break, and the amoklng flax He will nut qnench." A* yet the light had not been dlrided from the dork neat, and the bound* of day ami night were not Axed. And ao iv young beginner*; they hardly know which k grace and which is nature, what U of thenuelve* and what ia of Chrut, and they make a great many mistakes. Yet the Lonl due* not uiUtitke, but approve* of that which HW gntoe has plnoed in them. They have so little disc»rniuent that they sea and do not ace, for they «cc men aa treat walking, bnt God teat them clearly enough. It ia neither day nor night with them ; they are in a fog, and kick power of discernment, but the Lord discern* them, for he kuoweth them that are hi*. Let thU be their joy, that the Lord can analyse their condition, and he knows whatis light in them, and approve* it As yet the light and darkness had not been named: it waa afterward* that the Lord oaUed the light "day," and the darkueat "night," yet He saw the light that it was good. And so, though you do not know the names of thing*, God know* your name. ThcmgU you do not understand the doctrines so m to •peak of them correctly, yet He understands you. Tour ignorant* of terms and names, your confusion of mind, and childish misappre hensions will not provoke the Lord or make him overlook the grace which he hat wrought in you. The sooner you can distinguish between things that differ the better, but meanwhile the Lord distinguishes What is in you and loves the light which He baa given you, for He never made a grace which lie did not love, and never wrought a work in the sonl of man which be did not approve. The light of the first day could not reveal much of beauty, for there was none, and so, dear friend, the light within doe* not yet reveal much to you; and what it doe* reveal I* uncomely, but the light itaolf ia good, whatever il may make manifeat If the grace giveuyou, my young friend, only reveals the depravity of your nature, if it only show* you the cage of unclean birds within you, and the wild beast* that rage and rave within your nature,—if it only makes these growl in their dens more fiercely than ever because their reign is coming to an end,—stUl it is light If it display* your nature as tossed about in sorry tumult and wretched disorder, yet the light is good, and God takes delight ia it. When no varied landscape of land and sea, mountain and lake, meadow and forest charmed the eye, yet the Lord ap proved the light which shove over toe formless mass. Let this cheer and comfort you—that in the same manner you have the approbation of God upon whatever of grace His hand has created within you. Bat why did God say that light was good! I suppose it was because it* creation displayed bis attributes. The instantaneous oomlng of light revealed His power. His sovereignty, His goodness. His wisdom, aad His love; He is nut a God whose glory consists in darkness, but " He ooveroth Himself with light a* with a garment." Grace is a ■till more glorious manifestation of the divine omv raoter, and in it God glorifies His name. The grape that is in you has sufilced to show you the power and the jus tie* of God, and something of His mercy and Hia love, and angels from heaven have beheld the samesaored attributes n the divine work within you. Therefore God loves grace, because it makes Him known in many of His glorions attributes. He loves the light, too, because it is like Himself, for " God is light, and in Him Uno darkness at aIL". Light ia ethereal, and almont spiritual, aud therein likest to Him who is a spirit Light makes manifest the 'truth, aad therein is like the God of truth. The grape that is in you, If Indeed It be grace, is yet more truly of the nature of God, for it is that living aud incorruptible seed by which you are made partaker* of the divine nature, aad are enabled to escape the corruption which Ulu the worid through luat Bats* is the prinoe of the powers of darkness, but another principle, even that of the light of God dwell* in the man who believes in Jesus, aud this principle must be good, for it is of God. Light is eminently good, for the Lord spent a whole day in creating and arranging it—a whole day out of six This shows that He attache* great importance to it Moreover, He gave it the front rank by occupying the first day of creation's week upon it Even thus the plan of grace was early in the mind of God ; it was and is his masterpiece, and he has never yet placed it in the back ground. His eternal wisdom devtaed it from old, aud that same wisdom continue* to dwell upon it all through this long day of grace. The little grace which is ia you is approved of God, for it is the fruit of his thought* of old, and by it he ha* begun His new creation in you. I suppose that the Lord approved of the light because it was a seasouable thing. It was what was wanted to begin with. Not but what God could work in the dark, for, as to natural light, ia that respect darkness and light are both alike to him; bnt we can all see that the works of his creating skill needed light, for how oouM plants, animals, and men live without itf Assuredly the sanctify ing operation* of the Spirit of God require bght in the pool: the understanding must be enlightened, for true religion cannot flourish in ignorance, and until there is some knowledge of God none of the graces can blossom. Whan God the Holy Spirit new-creates a man, the first Hiintinl thing towards it is the illumination of his soul in knowledge aad holiness, to know the rather, the Son. and the Holy Ghost Beoause it is so essential the Lord pronounces it good. So, then, dear brethren, I have shown you that God took delight in His own work, and I have given you some reasons why He did so. Now, you trembling beginner*, I want you to feel that if God approves of the grace whloh he has wrought in you He will preserve it He will not suffer the light which He kindles to be quenched by the world, the flesh, or the devil. Yea, He will improve it, and cause your twilight to brighten into perfect day. I would to God that some poor, troubled one oonld catch this thought, for I remem ber well the time when it would have been exceedingly consoling to myself. When I compared myself with older saint* I feared that there was little of the divine work in me; but if I had known, aa now I rejoioe to know, that God's work, even at the beginning, f* approved by Him —that even the rudiments and elements of grace in the soul are looked upon by Him with divine oomplaoency, I think my heart would have greatly rejoiced. I want you lambs of the flock to feed on this tender grass, it is sweat food; suitable to your young days. Fear not, little flock, your gnat Shepherd takes delight in you. 111\. But now, thirdly, let me give you what will seem to be, but is not, the same thonght—the Lord quickly dimems all the goodness and beauty which exists in what He create*. The Lord did not merely feel, approbation for the light, but He perceived reason for ft; He saw that it was good. He could see goodness iv it where, perhaps, uo one else would have been able to do so. Let us note, then, that light is good in itself; and so is divine grace. What a wonderful thing light is! Just think of it I How simple it is, and yet how oomplex. Soaroely have the student* of light been able as yet to discover a tithe of its various qualities ; wonders have burst upon them, but there are many more to follow. What intertwisted oolors go to make up the simplicity of the white light in which we rejoioe. Graoe, too, is simple yet complex. The grace that quickens, the grace that convinces of sin, the grace that consoles, the grace that instructs, the grace that sustains, the grace that sanctifies, the graoe that perfect*—it is all a very simple matter, but how varied are it* operation*, 1 How marvel lous is the " all grace" which God makes to abound unto us. Think of the* triple ray which we find iv graoe—the graoe of the Father in election, the graoe of the Bon in redemptten, the grace of the Holy Spirit in regeneration. Consider, admire,' and adore the manifold graoe of God. Light, too, how common it is I We see it everywhere, and all the year rouud, The most despotic monarch cannot enclose the light for himself. The meanest beggar takes a royal share. It cannot be monopolised, but pays its gladsome visits to all alike. Even thus the Scripture* reveal the freeuess of divine grace, and experience shows that it shines on the poorest and the simplest, it enlightens the foolish and the ignorant Yet what a precious thiug is light Those who are blind, what would they uot give to see it I And if you and I were immured in a sepulchre, how earnestly should we long once more to walk in the light of heaven. So is the grace of God prioeleas yet free to every-eye that is able to drink it in. Light, too, how feeble and yet how strong 1 Its beams would not detain us one- half so forcibly as a cobweb ; yet how mighty it is, and how supreme I Scarcely is there a force in the universe of God which is more potent The grace of God in the same manner is contemptible in the eyes of man, and yet the majesty of omnipotence is in it, and it is more than conqueror. Light, too, as we have said before, bow nolseleu 1 You never hear its footfall, and yet how effectual. So the grace of God cometh not wtth observation, but its transformations are unparalleled. Light, .too. how varied, as we see it in many phases and through differing mediums, and yet how uniform I How uniformly good 1 3raoe oomes in many ways, and works variously, yet it is always the mow, aud its rcsalts are always pure, lovely, and of good repute. Well did God ■ay that light wm good, for who can make it otherwise t Whocandettle. it? The sunbeam lights on a dunghill, bat iv purity remain* snow-white w the lily. Who can rob lixht of its beauty? IW excellence remain* undinimed, though it pierce the gfoe.ni of a dnngeou dank, feverish, and full of loathsoiuene**. Light nerer ferments into darkness, nor deatya into gloom. The loaves upon th« trow have, is ■•oommivu autumn blaaU tuned hn, and have falleu to the earth t» rot, but 110 ray uf light has ever withered. Many changes the world baa passed through, but light ia the hum, the glory of iU youth la «i' it The young sunbeams leap front the central lire, and tWt us on wings unwearied, they thenwelve* being adorned with all the freabue** of earth* birthday Transfer all this to the grace of Gud, and it will bear to .be emphasised. Grace cannot be depraved, it is ever pure and good ; it caiuiot be overcome, it will effect its purpose ; it never corrupts, it to the seed of God, which Uveth and abide* for ever. Oh, preoious grace, if tho« be in the soul, if, a* yet, it be but thy first day, thou arf good. Light is good, not only in itself, but in its warfare. The Tight contended with darkness, and it was good for darkness to be battled with. Grace has conic onto you, young friend, and it will fight with your alii, and it ought to be fought with, and to he overcome. The light which came from God was good in ita measure. There was neither too much of It nor too little. If the Lord had sent* little more light Into the world we might all havo been dazzled into blindness, and if Ha had seat lew we might have groped in gloom. God sends into the new-born Christian jut aa much grace a* he van bear; He does sot give hint the maturity of after years, for it would be out of place. Did not Jesus say, " I have many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. Dawn is good aa well as noontide. A babe iv grace is beautiful, and the grape in him is suitable to his condi tion. Do not, dear brother, judge the babe beoeue he has not the light and grace which belong to a full-grown nan, for that would be unreasonable. Light was good aa a preparation for God's other works.- The great Creator was about to make plants. What could plants do without light? He knew that he would soon make fowl that Ay in the open firmament, and beasts that graze the meadows, and is not light needed by all these? He knew that light, though it was but the begin ning, was necessary to the completion of his work. light was needful, that the eye of man might rejoice in the works of God, and so God saw the light that it wasgood, in connection with what waa to be. And, oh, I charge . yon who have to deal with young people, look at the grace they have in them in relation to what will be in them. Think not so much of the weakness of it as of the fact that it is only the green blade, and let your faith see thefolde* car which will come from that tender shoot. Bee the oak in the aoorn, the man in the child, and coll them good. , • • < What a mass of thought one might raise from this one. truth ef the goodness of light and the goodness of fraoe, ias to their results. Light produce* the beauty which attorns the world, for without it all the world were nn oomely blackness. Light's penoU paint* the whole, and even so all beauty of character is the result of grace. Light sustains life, for life in due time would dwindle . and die out without it, and thus grace alone sustains the virtues and graces of the believer ; without daily grace we should be spiritually dead. Light heals many sicknesses, and grace brings healing in its wings. Light is comfort, ' light is Joy, the prisoner in his darkness knows it to be so; and so the grace of God produces joy and peace wher-. ever it is shed abroad. Light reveals and -so doe* grace, for without it we could not see the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Oto walk in the light as God is in the light, that so we may have fellowship with Him. O Lord, " send out thy light and thy truth : let ttiem lead me, let them bring me uuto thy holy hill." You see now that God perceived in light a mass of latent good, and in the same manner he perceiwe. in the first work of graos in the soul, an amount of good which the soul itself knows nothing of, and which even Christian observers, with kindly eyes, would not be able to detect IV. This leads me to close with a practical observation, namely, that God recorded His estimate of this nrrt day's > product. Here we have his judgment exprewtwl—" God saw the light that it was good." This leads me to say to the young Christian,, the Lord would uiive you en couraged. You have bean looking at yonnwlf since you have been converted, and perhaps yon have grown de sponding, and have cried " Alas, I am vile. 1 did uot know all that was in me." No, and you do not know all that Is in you now. " Bnt lam so bad." Lot me assure you, you art) a great deal worse than you think you arc. " Alas, sir, 1 see enough to drive me to de»ptir." Yes, but if you could see the whole truth about yourself, yo» would be driven to self-despair ten times over. You are so bad as to be hopeless, and yon had better know it I often thank God for teaching me early tliat my old nature waa dead and corrupt, so that nothing has sur prised me since. 1 commenced as a psnnih** bankrupt, and hence I have never become poorer; I began naked, and therefore I have never lost a rag ; I was riuad, utterly dead, and therefore I have lost no strength. It is a needful thing for yon to know that in your flesh there dweUeth no good thing. " The carnal mind is enmity against God : . for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed eaa be." Pat that down at the flrat, as an ascertained fact, and then nothing will amaze you afterwards. Tow nature is incorrigible and incurable, but there is gracious tight in you which God has not there, and God deUghte In you because of it Though yon may have been beta to God bnt a week ago, and are a poor little puling, orying baby in the nursery of the Lord's house, yetyour rather loves you, and sets great store by the grace He has given yon. Now, do not be downcast. Hay to yourself, " The Lord has said that the faith which He has given me is good : He has said that this little love that I have to Him bgood. I will be encouraged, for if He has begun a good work in me He will carry it on." My last word is to older Christian people. If the Lord says that His work in the first day is good, I want you to say co too. Do not wait till you see the second, third, fourth, fifth, or sixth day before you feel confidence in the convert and offer him fellowship. If God speaks encouragingly so soon, I want you to do the same. A few words to a young Christian will be very greatly helpful to him, and his weakness cram them. Those of as who . have been a long while in the Lord's ways ought to be ashamed if we are gruff, and soar, and critical You know it was the elder brother, not one of the younger ones, who ■aid, " This thy son hath come, who hath devoured thy living with harlots," and so on. Do not degenerate into the elder brother's spirit, I pray you. You must grow older in years, but endeavor to remain young at heart There is a tendency to look for too mush in young converts, and to expect in them % great deal more than we shall ever see. Tblsis wrong. We shall not do them much good by criticis ing them, but we may greatly benefit them by encouraging them. We have all read in the papers this week about Captain Webb's swimming across the Channel, and we noticed that every now and then his friends save him a cheer. Would that help him I No doubt it did. There is Tinging like a cheer to a fellow when he feels faint and fagged. Give the weak brother a cheer, I say. When you meet with a yoong believer who is tossed about, give him a cheer ; give him a hearty cheer. Tell him some choice promise, toll him bow the Lord helped you. Your few words may not be much to you, but they will be very much to him ; whereas the black look, which, perhaps, you really did not mean, may chill him to the very marrow of his bones. Many a poor young Christian has been frostbitten by the coldness of stern professors. Let us make a rule to encourage the young and help them forward, for that work of encouragement may affect the whole of their future history. As the Lord said the first day was good, so He said the same right on, till at last He declared it was " very good." In this way I trust it will be " good " with young converts from beginning ' to end. That early blessing which you may be the means of bestowing upon the young Christian may be the first of thousands of commendations which shall culminate in " Well done, good and faithful servant." At any rate, If you do this, my dear brother, it will reveal in you a God like disposition. The Lord said that the first day's work was good ; be as God is, ready to see the good, if it be ever so little, and ready to speak well of it It will be for your own comfort to see and commend the young work of grace. If you have an eye to spy out what is good, either in young people or old people, it will be a very liappy faculty. Those who have a keen eye for others' faults are wretched beings. They look at the snn and they say, "He has spots. " Then they gaze at the moon, and observe that its light is very pale. Better be blind than see in this fashion. Let it not be so among you ; but as God saw the light that it was good, so do yon look for it and rejoice in it Be on the side of weak grace, and your own grace will grow stronger. Comfort the feeble-minded, support ths weak, be patient towards all, and in holy charity think 110 evil, but rejoiea in the troth. 