CHINA TOWN. (From Hrproorth Dixon's" Ahlte Conquest.") A seventh part of the population--a seventieth part of the anuface-of San Francisco is Asiatic. All Orien tasl pack closer than Europeans. A man may see big crowds in many cities: Bues and Tartars at Nishni Novgorod, Copts and Armenians in Jerusalem, Arabs and Algerines in Cairo; but in neither Russia, Syria, nor Egypt can he see such crowds as we find packed in the Asiatio quarter of San Francisco. The term Asiatic quarter may asuggest a separate portion of the city, walled off from theo.remaining parts like China Town in Moscow; but the Asiatic quarter in San Francisco is an open colony, like May Fair in London, like the Second District in New York. The Chinese have squatted in the very heart of San Fran cisco. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may be re garded as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America ; for in Jackson-street, grouped around Look Sin's balcony, lie the. Chinese banks and stores, the Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres and gaming-hells ; while off this thoroughfare, to the right and left, extend the blind alleys and nameless passages in which reside the Chinese rogues and thieves, with their unfailing complement of female slaves. Here, bright with paper lanterns, glare the two great tea- hosees, kept by Lock Sin and Hing Kee, in which you sip grean tea and watch the dancing-girls perform their rites. Here, rich in red and black flags, and musical with gongs and cymbala, stands Yu He Un Choy, the royal theatre, in which a grand historical play, a chronirel of the Ming Dynasty, has been going in for three weeks past, and is to run on briskly for about nine weeks yet to come. In front of us, hardly less rich in red and yellow paint, hardly less noisy with shawn and tom-tom, rises Sing Ping Yuen, the the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are performed, not lpeting more than, thirty or forty nights. Here abouts lie the tan-cllars. and thieves' gaming-cribs, in which sallow wretches and their hideons.partners of the other set indulge in the lawless pleasure of staking their botom.dollar on a domino. About these collars lie the opium dense, to which the gamesters come in their frenzy, and snatch the atill.more fearful joy of staking their health and manhood pn a fame of poppy juice. Iound that corner stands the great joss-house, a large room, hung with screens and banners, dazzling in red and gold, in which an idol squats; not a Mon golian god, with flat and shaven face, and turned-up. Tartar eyebrows, but a Teutonic master, with straight nose, fair moustache, and pointed beard. Before'this foreign idol, tea-cups hiss and fazees burn by might and day. China Town is running over San Francisco, spread ing to east and west, to north and south. The AsiatiCe have seized a good part of Dupont- street and Kearny-atreet, swarmed into Pine-street, invaded Stockton and Pacific Streets, and got their feet in California-street. Some houses in these streets are owned by Mongols. When Asiatics get their feet-in side a door they drive the Europeansa out. A Eato pean cannot stand the fume and stench, the dirt and din. Thus, shop by shop, and street by street, they crawl along, a swarm of clean and unclean things, so oddly mixed that white men shrink from them, in fear and afrath, as from a company of lepers.' No white man likes to sleep under the same roof with a yellow man; no white women likes to pass through Jackson-street. A rookery and a cesspool drive off decent folk. Let as drop into some of these houses, no fear of lepers in our hearts, and see these Asistics in their Not far from Look Sin's lea-houee stands a big edi fle, first used as the Globe Hotel; a house four stories high above' the ground, six windows to the fbont, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty guests. "Including vaults and attics there may be sixty rooms in all. S?rrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe aotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si Tut, a rich Chinese, who re-lets his apartments to Chinesc residents of the better class-to shopmce, *aiters, clerks, and agents. Lee Bi Tut takes care to have no tenant of bad repute. A thief, a rae-picker, p. sight-prowler cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No ainted women pass his door. Tan and other lawless games are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting is al lowed within the house. So far as order can be made by rules, order is aeid to reign among Lee Si Tnt's tenants; and the Globe lfotel in Jaekson-street may be regarded as the royal than and summer palace of the Chinese empire in America. Pass in. Oh, Lee Bi Taut A sickening odour greocs your nostrils on his steps? A reek comes out of every door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing stage. The dust of years encraets his window.panes. Compared with this Globe Hotel, under Lee Si Tot, a Turkish or a Spanish prison is a desert place. The banisters drip; the passages sweat. Ablek and fetid slime runs down the walls. And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in the rooms ! Men, swarm at every door, and crowd down every stage; each pale and melancholy wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in your face. A nameless horror seams to brood in every corner of the house, for out of every corner glare the spectral eyes of beings fevered by tan and stupefied with drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommodation of a single guest, is either par;ed into six or seven sections by a string of mate, or shelved in tiers all around the walls. Shelves are preferred, since no one cares to pay for privacy ; and a room that will only sleep six or seven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen on shelves. From vault to attic, each Soom is foul with smoke, and black with dirt, and choked with men. No less than fifteen hundred ghastly creatures find lodging day and night in this Chinese paradise ! Rooms crowded and unwholesome I have seen be fore-at a feast at Einsiedelo, a mad.house in Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on the Nile -but nowhere have I seen humsan creatures packed end crushed as these tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut lets his house, he says, to eight hundred tenants; which would give him, in a house of sixty rooms, including collars and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber; but the raes cala cheat him, he alleges, out of half his rent, by sub letting their shelves to men who occupy them only half the day. Inquiry abshows me that this story of sub-letting and dividing the room is strictly true. Hi Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho; Ki Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours, and giving it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. In some rooms three sets of lodgers oeoupy the shelves each twenty.four hours eight hours apiece. Yet those who lodge in this hotel live in a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the labyrinth of courts and styes, yards and entries, lying round Bar.ett-alley. Here some of the white settlers in San Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is undrainod.. Thalog shanties were run up hastily and cheaply.; and in these fever-haunted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with filth, overrun with vermin, the masses of Mongolians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into caves, they buts"w in tihe earth. In holes unfit for dogs, you may discover ten or twelve wasted creatures, sprawling on shelves, star ing into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium-dreamer's paradise. Worse still, if in the " lowest depth" there can be a "deeper still," is the thieves' quarter; a district run ning in and out of more respectable quarters with a rare indifference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramble in his purlitue should be made at night. All around Bartlett- alley lie the thieves' yards and cribs; foul attics, falling balconies, underground kennels ; with a few spikes of joas-wood burning at every door. Rags rot on the ground and garbage poisons the air. Slush squirts at you from under every plank, and where the planuks fal you, the earlh appears to be nothing but a running sore. Rag-shops and receiving-houses hide in old pits and hollowa under the plank floors. In all tlese damp and loath some holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in the filth, their pale and ghastly faces rendered visible by the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pahu! Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and desperation glowers from every Mongol face. In passing from yard to yard you catch the slam of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel by instinct that every ruffian standing behind these planks, alarmed by strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to fire. " Open the door I" cries your guide, in a peremptory tone, stepping in front of a log cabin. "Open the door!" " You foolee me You foolee me ?" "No, no. Open the dour!" The voice is recognised within ; the door is slowly opened, and you peep into the crib; a cupboard as to size, but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are re-i pulsed. To the inquiry, "HowP you fooleo meP" we answer, as before, " No, no ;" but, instead of see-, ing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whis pers inside. "Go; you not foolee me I" cries a voice, accom panied by the click of a rifle. "Dip and elide," whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. In Stout'e-alley, and in the yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers-the female slaves. Let us get out into the open streets! " You have now seen a little of our Chinese quarter," says my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea-honse about 2 o'clock, and order a refreshing cup. " What you have seen in San Frnciseeo you may see in Sacramento Stockton, San Jose, and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a Ohina Town, and peoples it with harlots, criminals, and slaves. We get some very cheap labour, and our financiare say they need cheap labour' to develop the country.' What think you of the price we have to pay for our development?" While we are sipping tea on Lock Sin's balcony, a yell comes up from the street below. A Chinese fight is on. Ah King, a Chinese scamp, employed by the city officers, and, in the slang of his Asiatic country men, scnh a spy is celled a ghost. Of late this ghost has been too busy, his celestial countrymen think, even for a paid spy ; and two Asiatics, who have just come out of jail, are setting on him, one moon-face with a hatchet, the ascond moon-face with a knife. From every door in the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and drop along the flags. " Excuse me!" says my escort, and before I can reply, he is gone from my side. King vanishes-like a ghost. Moon-face with the knife escapes, just as my esecort swoops into the murderous circle ; but the fel low with the hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward. His weapon, when examined, proves to be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blood might have been at once removed, and the stainless knife replaced under the white smock, as clean and innocent in ap peeranee as the soft-eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neighbour's heart I 