THE AMERICAN CONTEST. Our telegraphic information respecting the election in America is so partial and conflicting as to leave the actual result extremely doubtful. This uncertainty, however, gives a keener interest to those who care to watch the progress of events, and its causes illustrate the working of*the complicated political machinery of the Great Republic. In the first instance we were definitely informed on Novem ber 17 that Governor Tilden, of New York, the Democratic candidate, was elected. Three days afterwards it was announced that later returns rendered his election doubtful, and about a week later the election was said to be still undecided, and to depend entirely on the final counting of votes at Washington. So far as we can ascertain this uncertainty ?nd postponement of the final issue result from three things^ — the equal balancing of the jarties, the mode of the election, and the recent disturbances in South Carolina. The President and Yice-Presidcnt of the United States are chosen by an indirect election. That is to say the great mass of the people do not vote directly for these high officials, but for electors by whom they are chosen. Each State is authorized to appoint ;v number of electors equal to the number which that State sends to both Chambers of Congress. It is stipulated that they shall be neither members of Congress nor office-holders under Government Their duty is to assemble in their respective States on a given day, namely the first Tuesday in November, vote by ballot for two persons, and transmit their votes duly signed, certified, and sealed to the President of the Senate. These certifi cates are opened and the votes counted in the presence of both Houses of the national Legislature. Should no candidate have an absolute majority, or should there be a tie, the House of Representatives would have to ballot for the President from those highest on the list. In this case the vote is taken by States ; each State, however large or small its represen tation, counting as a unit, and a majority of all the State is necessary to a choice. It is easy to see how this provision neces- j sitates an extra-constitiitional organiza- i tion. Were several candidates in the field there would be great risk of noither having an absolute majority in the first instance, and the power thrown into the hands of the smaller States would bo altogether disproportionate to their actual importance. Wherever Anglo-Saxons have to exer cise the power of self-government it appeal's to be as natural for them to form two divisions— the ins and the outs, a Government and an Opposition — as for there to be two sides in a cricket field; but in the United States this division becomes peculiarly sharp and definite through the operation of the vicious principle of connecting place and profit with political ascendancy. Political power there means something very definite. The doctrine that to the victors belong the spoils operates from the White House to the Frontier Post- Ottice. Hence the party machinery with its National and State Conventions, its Committees, and party managers ramifying through every part of the Union. Hence, too, the con tinuous effort to maintain the compactness and increase the strength of each party. The National Conventions of both had t) resort to compromise in order to prevent a fatal 'bolt' of inihiential sections. The struggle may be regarded as per manent, for on the election of a President the thoughts of politicians are imme diately turned to the best means of retain ing the position already won or recovering the ground which has been lost. As the time of trial draws nearer there is growing energy and excitement. Ordinarily, poli tics are only managed by politicians who make it their profession, but occasionally the contest becomes so absorbing that every other interest is lost sight of. Since the Conventions agreed on their respective platforms the contest has grown rapidly more bitter and determined. At first the Republicans were confident of victory; but the personal character of Governor Tilden, his past action as a reformer, the subsidence of interest in the currency question, and the division in the Republi can camp have made strongly in favour of the Democrats. It became evident that the greatest though not the final battle of the campaign would be fought in October, and to this both parties benfc their xitmost strength. During this month elections took place in Oliio and Indiana, wluch, although of a local character, tested the relative strength of the respec tive parties. It was well known that the winning side in that month would be assured of victory in November, and that if either could carry both States the con test would be virtually decided. The result was that Ohio, which is Governor Hayes's own State, went for tho Republicans, as was expected, but Indiana was earned by the Demo crats. The former of these States has 22 votes, and the latter 15 ; the effect of the elections was therefore nearly to neutralize each other, and to transfer the contest to the wider theatre of the whole country. The total number of electors is 300, and when the October elections were over 139 votes were reckoned good for Hayes and Wheeler, and 131 forjilden and Hendricks. Of the remaining 90 considered as doubtful 35 belong to the State of New York. It appeared likely that a large number of ( the other doubtful votes woxild be gained by the Republicans, but that New York, with its large contingent, would eventually turn the scale. This conclusion greatly brightened Mr. Tilden's prospects, seeing | that he is the ' favourite senator' of tliat State ; but at the same time it became positively certain that the contest would be so extremely close that an accident ; might overturn all previous calculations. Just at this time a collision took place between the whites and the negro popula tion in South Carolina, wluch became so serious that Governor Chamberlain called on the Executive for military force to disperse the rifle clubs and prevent law lessness. General Grant promptly availed himself of a resolution, procured, we believe, only last session by the Demo cratic majority in the House of Represen tatives, and arrangements were at once made for the employment of so large a body of soldiers as to at once suggest tho idea of intimidation. Governor Chamber lain is a Republican, and a candidate for re-election; and as the Executive is also Republican the measure is protested against by their opponents as a party manumvre, calculated to destroy the purity of the elections. Our tck'gftim of December 1 says: — ' The Retuniini; Board have rejected the votes of two counties, and declared Hayes ejected.' We remarked at the time that this dilli culty might seriously complicate tho Presidential election. Although tho State has only seven votes, in the equally balanced condition of the two irroat ?« parties they might be sufficient to turn the scale. It is quite within the range of ? possibilities that an irregularity in their collection might account for the doubtful character of the latest intelligence, and protract the suspense till the final count ing of the votes, at which time, of course, any informality would have to !-e adju dicated upon. The situation is evidently critical, and we shall look for further information with unusual interest. Tiik Eastekx Question. — The dcuiauds of Russia have now been put in i\ clear and intelligible form, and they certainly appear to be reasonable enough. fSho asks for an occupation of EuLiu-ia by some neutral Power, and will bo re.uly t- - accept either Swiss or Belgian ocvupatiiM. The Porte, however, object* to any foreign occupation of the Provinces, anil iis if in anticipation of a further appeal to arms the organization of the Turkish armament is being rapidly pushed forward. General Ignatielf has specially notified tho proposal of Russia to the Marquis of Salisbury; but the reply of England has not yet been given. We inline, how ever, that in the present temper of Eng land the general feeling will be in favour of the Russian proposal, and tliat if Turkey refuses to accept it she will staml alone. And, of courss, if this should bo U the ease, a new phase of the question will appear, and it is almost impossible to say what the ultimate issue will l-e. * Important to JIarixkhs.— During a passage from Wedgo Itknd towards Iuvcstigir.or'sdt raits, on board tho steamer Governor Mu-gravo, a very heavy break was observed about oDe mile W. by N. magnetic from Emmoa Rsef. At the time a moderate S.W. gale wo3 blowing, with a high sea from tho samo quarter. As tuis break, does not appear on tha Admiralty charts masters of vessels trading to or from Speccsr'd (Jnlf are cautioned wbiie navigating in thi3 lou'it/. The Finding ok the schooner Postii )y.— At- about half-past 4 p.m. on Tuesday, December 19, the ketch Elizabeth Annie, on hur way to Port Pirio, called at Glenolg, and rapurted tho discovery of the exact position of ttie iilfatcd schooner Postboy. Tho craft lies iu a position about six miles W.8.YV. from tho jot:;', ami the hull bears N. and S. About eighteen' inches of the topmast is visible at low tide, uu.i seeing tomething appearing above wattr t£u master of tho ketch Bent the boat off to it, ami grappled the object with the boathoo!:, but the ge.ir tsoy had made fast to parted. Not wishing to increase the delay the captain ran into tho bay, and reported the matter to the authorities. Thb Children's Hospital.— We understand that Mr. It. Barr Smith has promised a donation of £500 to tho funds of the proposed Children's Hospital. The Chief Justice and Mr. Thomas * Magarey have each promised £100 towards tho same object. Wo are very plad to ficd that the Committee aro receiving suoh substantial he'p. and we have no doubt that many others will tor- ' ward contributions to the Treasurer, Mr. J. L. Parsons. Municipal.— The City Council will sit to-day as a Court of Appeals against the assessments; to commence at 10 o'clock. Educational.— The annual distribution of prizes to the pupiiB of the North Adelaide Grammar School will take place to-lay in White's Boom, and to tioeo of Prinoe Alfred Collego in the Pirie-streut Lecture Ua.lt. Concert.— The East Adelaide Musical Society will give their fourth concert this evening in St. Paul's Schoolroom. The Lo-lo Troupe.— This compauy, which has just completed a very successful tour in the country districts, will open at Whito'a Kooms on Saturday night next for a short saasun. Catholic Picnic— We are requested to call attention to tho C'-aholic picnic, which is to take place at Woodvilio on Tuesday, Decemocr 2(5. Pout Local Coum.— Mr. G. F. Dashwood,. 8.M., presided at tne Port Local Court ou Tuesday, December 19, when a few unimportant causes were disposed of. SurBEME COUBT. — At yesterday's Civil M Sittings of tho Supreme Court the suit of Sparyu v. the District Council of Willung.i was pro ceeded with. Mr. Ingleby having opened tbo ? case for the defendants, evidonso wai eallod, and at the request of tae Jury Mr. Ingleby postponed bis second address until this morning. Landing Stages at Port Adelaide,— We aro informed that the Mayor of Port Adelaide has received a latter from tho Government Btaticg that the .Engineer of Harbor.™ and Jetties has been instructed to proceed with the eraution of landing stages on the sides of the Port stream for ferryboats to discharge passengers. 'RECEIVED.— Howell & Son's Royal South Aus tralian and Bawtall'tf Nautical Aimuuasa for 1877. Conversazione.— The session of tho North Adelaide Literary Association was brought to a close by a very pleasant meeting of tbo ineaibor3 and some of their friendB on Monday, December 18\. Tea was provided in the Lecture Hall adjoining tho North Adelaide Baptist Church, to which about £0 sat down. Tne company after wards withdrew into some of tho c!*s=rooim, where scientific and mechanical initruaents,,. with voltaic batteries and electris machine', photographs, curios, chess, and drwis'l:t3, ice, helped to pasi away tho time. .Vocal and instrumental music added to tha onjayinent of the evening. Glenelo Yacht Cluii— A nieeib;,' of the Glenelg Yacht Club was held in tho office of tLe ? m Commodore, Hon. T. Elder, on Tutsday, Decsm ber 19, to ai range for the opening of tbo ee*son. Mr. Elder prerided. The folio wim; oflbir* were » appointed:— Commodore, Hon. T. Elder, M.L.C.:. Yice-Commodere, Sir W. Milne ( Presidunt ot the ? Legislative Council); Hon. Sec., Mr. W. R.. ? Wigley, M.P. (Mayor of Glenelgjj H^a. Trea Furer, Mr. W. Mair, J.P. . Commutaa-llossrs. S. Cornish, J.P., J. P. Boucaut, M.P., C. M. Muirhead, W. L. Eoid, and F. S. Bucknali. Tho following gentlemen wore admitted as members:— Moesh. Andrew Tennaat, S. W. Smith, J. Bagot, C. Bagot, R033 Roid, W. H. Bundey, and S. J. Skippor. The opening day was fixed for December 23, the anaiversary of the colony, and it was resolved that a sil vor cup, value £40, should be sailed for at a regatti on January 5, and after some discussion the coarse decided upon was one from Glenelg to tho hull: Fitzjames off tho Semaphore, thepce past tha Bay round a boat anchored off Marko, rioishing at Glecelg, giving a distance of about #) miles'. The Troasurer reported a balance oJ £2-i 3j. 3d., and stated that the who!o of tbo s'weriptions ftr the current ssason amounted to £iy-. ♦ KalkaBURY.— A correspondent writing from. J this locality says:— 'Reaping [has beoa bo?uo, 1 but is not yet general, as the crops aro more* 1 backward here than in many other pirta. What has been reaped promises well for 23 bushels to. the acre, but of courso the district will not I averof-a that. Some that was Eown late will go I from five to ten. Kangaroos aro doing a largo j amount of damage here.' I '??-?: JbiUBItlOH OF WCBKS 0? A.ST.— Afrtatfd appwure to be pretty we;l provided with arerito ruras works of art either crigisid or cjyioi, and aiss with amateur artists cf no meia pretecsiins. It is singular, therefore, that so ntt'e enoiu ngement is afforded fcr tbe estib'is'-.ment oj ai art gallery re even a periodical display cf punt ings. Sow and then a oollcctica of paintings *cd oleograph* is shown, and secures a moderate attendance ; but realJy cs!y a comparatively email number of persons of taste avail them selves of the privilege, aci it is rarely worth while to incur the expense at setting tcge&er; a good collection of tbe «coduoions of leaiing artista. However, another opportunity is afforded lovers cf art to gratify their taste in an exhibition of oil and water csiosr pointings by eminent artists opsned in the Town Hail lUfreshment-room on Tuesday, Decembar l'», and under tee direction of Mr. WirelU The principal painting, &ud; one which attracts tha greatest notice froc its excellence as a faithful representation of -one of car £aest sibarrua views, h a large oil-painting of the W^erfdll -3uHy from the Mount BArk-er-rcad, by Mr. S. J. Johsetone. The Waterfall Gully hies always been a favourite natural study for colonial artists, and numerous sketches of it have ben shewn; but Mr. Johnston e, who has made colonial scenery hia especial study, has e-icceoded in giving- per haps the most natural «nd effective painting of that fsvouiits resort, hu picture bearing evi dences of gieat skill and faithfulness in detail. That work alone is well worth the small amount charged for admission. Tao collection is not a large one, comprising about 42 pictures, iaclni ing a few first-class oleographs and a number of -copies in oil of standard paintings, notably three ?copies by W. H. Usher, a yoaDg artist of great promise. There are several cf Mr. Johnstone'a productions whicb have been noticed before, ?viz., ' Old Mates,'7 ' Fireside Redactions,' and «mie colonial views, the best of which are two taken from the Onkaparinga, showing soise of the prettiest points of the river. There are also wise of Mr. 3. S. Knight's studies of animals, ?which were shova at the last Exhibition of tho -Chamber of Manufactures, and others painted by him by commission, and well worth inspec tici?. The water-coloura by Gibbsand Nelson ?are excellent, and an oil-painting — ' William Tell in Prison'— by A. Wivell, sen., deserves mention as a superior work of art. Too Exhibi tion altogether is full of interest for visitors, and should be well patronised. During the Exhibi tion the works ot art will be offered for private ?sale, and those that are unsold will be disposed of by auction. St. Paoi/s Uat School —The annual distri bution of prizes at this school took place oc Tuesday, tbe 19th, the Hon. J. C. Bray pre siding. A private examination of the upper school having been made on the previous day by the Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A., tne report of that gentleman was read, epeafciDg favourably of the reading, writing, spelling, and geo graphy, more doubtfully about the arithmetic, but praising th- way in which tke tables, both eicgie and compound, were said. 'In eon clubion,' said Mr. Pooie, 'allow me to con gratulate you on the good work which your school is doiDg in the east end of Adelaide. The lady teachers rrho, for tho l07e of the work, minister to the educational wants of th9-e 'least of the disciples ;' and the others con nected with them in this work are, I believe, helping to solve tho difficulty which the almost entire abolition of religion, from our State schools thrusts upon tne Christian philan thropist.' Various specimens of sewing were exhibited, shoving the care taken to nt the girls for domestic work. The prize-list was a long one, and in giving the prize3 the Chairman expressed tho pleasure it gave him to watch the progress of the school from year to year. The Dean explained that the number of salaried teachers u three; that all vacancies oaussd by the removal of ladies acting a? voluntary teachers bad been readily supplied; and that the school had during tbe year inareassd in numbers and eScieaoy. Tery deep regret was expressed at the approaching departure of Lady Musgrave, who had taken bo deep an Interest is the school and -*o active a part in its working. After singing by the children, 'Scatter seeds cf kindness,' ice, cheers were given for the Chairman asd the teachers, and the proceedings concluded with ' Gcd save the 'Quean.' The WEATiffia in Kafcbea..— Tho J.Urald of December li» says:— 'The period from Da cember 11 to 15 (inclusive^ will long be remem bered for the ettreme heat by which it was cha racterized. On Thursday, the 14th, as men tioned in our last, the thermometer registered 114° in the ebade at several places besides the Telegraph Station in Kapunda. On Friday, at about noon, the weather was apparently still more oppressive, the wind teing like a hot blast from a furnace; but though Mr. Oldham's ther mometer (which on the previous day had agreed ?with that at the Telegraph Station) showed the heat to be 115°, at the Telegraph Station the highest registered temperature was only 112'. It was currently reported through Kapunda on Friday morniog that one of the new arrivals had died at the railway works from the -effects of sunstroke, but after particular enquiries we have come to the conclusion that the report was un true. Owing to the extreme heat tho men were quite unable to work either on Thurbday or Fri -day. Mr. Thomas Jarn^p, of Kapunia, had a sunstroke on Friday, but under the caro of Or. Blood he has now recovered. About 4 o'clock on Friday a terrific duststorm arose, which proved to be the prelude to a very welcome change— the south-nest wind following immediately aftar, causing a fall of 12° to 15° in the temperature in less than an hour. The extreme heat evidently considerably affected the various animal^ &c.;*, of the lower order that were exposed to it. We hear that at Eudunda not only did the rabbits seek shelter in the haunts of men, but even the wild birds, which apparently had become etupe fied, flew into the houses of the settlers— there to fall and die. Our Hurray Flats-correspondent -writes of a similar state of things there.' Effects of tee Heat on tek Featheesd Tbibe. — Travellers between Kaikabury aad Moonta on Thursday last Inform us (Yorbz's Peninsula AdvatUa') that they saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees that had fallen dead from the effects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity cf covered ?waterholes and tanks ; and the smaller kinds with a strong instinct of self-preservation crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. la and around Moonta also the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of domestic fowls having yielded up the ghost during the hot ?weather that we had oa Thursday and Friday last. Fire kear JAUESTOvrcr.— An bluest wis hold at Jamestown on December 15, by Mr. G. B. Yeates, J.P., to enquire into the cause of a fire that bioke out iu Mr. WBIiams's grass paddock, sear Jamestown, on Decembsr 14. Mr. G. Gregory was chosen foreman of the Jury. It Appeared from the evidence that smoke was seen rising from the paddock on tke day in question, and it was, with the assistance ot neighbours, after doing considerable damage, 'put cic The Jury returned the following verdict— ''Toat there is no evidence to show how the lire origi nated, and that there is no cause whaiaver for suspicion.' ACCEDEXr 5EAE HiCSAJL— As Mr. C. H. Myles, J.P., and r*olioe-tcooper Dechert wer3 returning frczn Noarlunga on Saturday night, December 16, their horse shied near the top of the bill above Hackham and threw them both oat of the trap, Mr. My lea falling oc the trooper, whoso ancle got fractured; bat the former escaped without injury. Waxes Scpply ok Moonta.— On Frid iy, the third day of tho intense heat with which the northern part of the Peninsula was visited last week (states the Y. I'. Advertiser), there were 170 casks of water sold from the Moaata Tanki On that day we personally inspected the tank?, ascertained the quantity of water then oa hind (over 500,000 gallons), and tested its auality. The latter proved excellent, and fully evidenced the possibility of procuring a good and whole some water supply from enclosed dtea selected in suitable situations. The general stock ia the district is we fear getting low, and the demands now made upon the reserves by the residents iu the surrounding districts of Kaikabury, Penang, and Green's Plains are so greit that it h ques tionable whether the 500,000 gallons will last very losg. It is most fortunate that tbas iuppllcs wore iu existence, or ere thb thsro ?would have been necessity for importing1 from Poit Adelaide. l JaPaKeek Fiver OOCD3.— There ib bow on View at tbe Tqvu Ball ttxehange Room a large variety of Chinese and Jap&neee; poods, whi^n bave been imported by Mr. M. C. D&vies; par Echo, from Hongkong, comprisiac lurge veroacu«& blind?, veaBORiblo cane chairs, and sattea of furnitere, choice porceJainwaxo, silks, handsome carvel eandalwood, cabinefrrare, rrory goods, silver goods, jewellery, asd a large varitty of sundries, whioh are all tastefully arranged on tables. The whole of tbtae articles will t-a so'id by auction, without reserve, by Messrs. Solomon csd Salom thh morning, and the sale i* to be continued to-morrow. Colohial Literatc?:b.— We hara reseived from the publisher, Mr. George Robertson, a copy of the 'Vagabond Papeis, or Sketches of Melbourne Life in Light aad Shade.' The papers, it will be remembered, were originally published iu the Argus and AKsiraloaluii, and attracted a considerable amount of attention. The writer has only been in tbo colony of Vic toria about a year, and during that time he has managed to gaio* access to Ghe various public and philanthropic institutions in Melbourne, his impressions of which he has given to tne public. Tho paper on ' Lunatic A\yluma' is long, and strikes us as beiog exceedingly well written. The author served fcr a mouth as an attendant at Kew and Yarra fiend, and during the time was continually making observations for future ufe. The volume is said to be a first series; and as we imagine the book will ba popular it will no dcubt be followed by a second series. We bave also received from the same publisher a reprint of Sir Hercules Robinson's recent speech at Albury. Theacre Royal. — A rather limited but appreciative audience attended at the Royal on Tuesday night, December 19, to laugh at the jokes of the Fakir of Oolu and be mystified by his clever illusions. Some of tne conundrums so gravely and growltogly propounded by the sen tentious Leo were Tery amusing, and two espe cially good ones were the solemn queries—' Why is the Fakir of Oolu a cruel, hard-hearted man:'' 'Because he leaves his daughter without support;' and ' What is the difference between the Prince of Wales and tho fairy fountain.'' 'One is heir to the throne and the other is thrown to the air.' Madame Silvester sang ' Scenes that are brightest' very s weedy, aud Mrs. Empson's singing secured an encore. Toe so-called coaic duet, *' The bashful lover,' was cbietly remarkable for its absurdity, and a more amusing and less ridiculous piece might with advantage be substituted, especially as the piece referred ta does not permit justice to the merits of the performers, whojara capable of a higher class of comedy. Adelaide and California.— We have been favoured with the following extract from a letter received by an Adelaide tiro: from the captain of a vessel which recently left Port Adelaide for California, dated Valleja, November 7, 1S7-5:— 11 San Francisco is certainly a wonderful place for its years, but its streets are very lar behind the Adelaide ones, and they are in very bad order. The people seem a suspicious- looking lot us far as I nave seen, and beat Australians ' hollow* in slang talk ana corrupt English. In business I cannot form an opinion, aa I have Lid little to do in that line yet. The port of Vatlejo 13 some 25 miles norta of San Francisco, aud the towage to this place and back to Sin Francisco beau the South Australian towing by a very considerable sum. For thie distance up and down, say 4S to -50 miles, the modest sum of §500 is charged. Toe lowing is quite a mono poly, and there are many complaints against this extortion.' ExTBAoawNASY Oeath.— The police authori ties wore informed on Tuesday evening, Decem ber 19, that a market gardener named Adalph Seigmund was found lying dead under a heap of manure on the side of the Mitaham-road aocut a mile and a half beyond the Miccham Hotal. It is tuppoEed the unfortunate man had goae to sleep on the top of hia load, and the horses had taken the vehicle off the motaUed road and gose over an embankment, upsetting the cart and throwing the occupant and the manure out. When Seigmund was found only his legs as far as his knees wore visible, and on inspec tion he was fovnd to be dead. Zt is supposed he either broke his neok or was stunned by the fall, and afterwards got smothered by the weight of tha manure. Tie -unfortunate man was only a mQe and a half frcm his home when the accident occurred. An inquest will most probably be held to-day. Accidestb. — The following cases were ad mitted into the Hospital on Tuesday, December 11':— C. H. Martin, carpenter, in the employ of Mr. C. Farr, builder, who fell whilst engaged in the ereotion of a new roof to Mr. Acraman't house at Walkerville. Had he not broken his fall by striking against a labourer below ha would in all probability have broken his neck. As it was he was so stunned by the concussion as to lcse all recollection of tae circumstances connected with his mishap. Besides a severe shaking he sustained an injury to the left aucle. The man whom he fell upon was uoc seriously hurt. — Wm. Stephens, labourer, an arrival b- the Lady JoceTyn, on Monday, Deootnber IS, fell off the roof of a house in course of erection at Unley, for Mr. Hill, and broke bis left leg. He was taken home, and the next morning removed to the Hospital, where the limb was set. Accidents at Fort Wake-ieuj.— On Friday, evening last, as Police-trooper Corcoran w-*3 returning from Kulpara to Port Waketield, the horse be was riding fell, throwing him violently to tho ground. Upon arrival at Fort Wakeneld Dr. Bees was sent for, who found that the lef d collarbone was broken and the right thumo dislocated, betides the system baing severely shaken. On Friday evening, December 1, a toa of Mr. Laury, of Kulpara, aged six years, was thrown from a horse which trampled upon him, tearing the whole of the flash from the calf of the right leg. He was convoyed to Port Wakeneld and attended by Dr. Bees. On Satur day evening last, Mr. C. T. Daniels, of the Nine mile, was about te mount his horse, when it turned and kicked him above and below the lefc knee, indicting severe injury. Dr. Kees was imme mediately sent for. All three patients are pro gressing satisfactorily. Sebiocs Gun Accidest at the BnRRA.--0a Saturday evening. December ltJ, Mr. Wm. Pearce, sen., met with a serious accident with a gun while in company with the Rev. G-. W. PatchelL They were returning from Baldina, and halted at the foot of Breakneck Hill to rest the horse, and when about to start again Mr. Pearce took the rope from the horse's neck, and put it in the front of the trap, in which a gun was lying ; the Rev. Mr. Patchell was at tha back getting a coat out, when it must have caught tbe trigger acd caused the gun to go off, and the contents lodged in Mr. Pearoe's left hand. He was conveyed to Keoringa aa quickly as possible, and placed under the care of Drs. Dash wood and Cave, who found that they would be compelled to amputate the third and little fiagars. Tha operation was performed during tha evening, and the patient is progressing as well as can on expected. Susstboke.— Toe York's Peninsula Advu-littr states 'a man named Taylor, a butcher, was sunstruck at Mauoora on tho 14th instant. He fell from his cart and broke his collar-bone, besides getting very much bruised.' Thb Railway Cbossino at Crystal Brook —A correspondent ('Locus Sfcandi') writes ac greater length than we have room for on the above subject. He is under tho impression that incorrect information has been officially con veyed to the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works with regard to the necessity of a crossing opposite the Goods Shed, which was improperly represented aa being sought more for private than public advantage. This our correspondent warmly contradicts, aa also the story which he says is current, of the miller desiring the crossing to aid him in eelling the mill. He alleges, on the owner's direct authority, that he built tha mill to make a living out of it, and never intends to sell. The remainder of the letter enforce* the claims of Crystal Brook to consideration, and points out the convenience which the proao3ed crossing wiii afford to the neighbouring fafmars and others. Glexelg Grammar School.— In our report of the acaaal distribution of priz9s at the above school, published yesterday, it should have been stated that the Hon. John Crozier's prize wa3 divided between Howes aud Hill, and that Mr. ven Treuer's prizes were awarded to Hermann Esau (first class), Charles Wilson (second class), ' Frank CounsaU, Charles Bisshbeiih, and John Winnall (third class), and Charles Good (fourth class). A Noisy Distwct Coracu. Meleuk; —Tee rxeeting of the Lefevre's PerubHula District Countit on Monday evening, December 18, was a particuiarly stormy ODe. The unpleasantness arose in oon&equeoce; cf the Cbairmau calling one unruly Councillor to order in language rather more forcible than polite. Tnis led to a very warm discussion, during which, amid mucn da order and cries of ?* Adjourn, adjourn,' the Council rceo. On reassembling after some slight measure of peace had bcon restored, discord once moro got tbe upper band of the body, owing to Mr. Councillor Harris being ordered to leave the room. This he refused to do and kept his seat, even after some of tbe members had shown him he was guilty by Act of Parliament of a misdemeanour and was liable to a heavy penalty. At this stage of the proceedings a thundering knock announced a deputation of ratepayers, who set forth tbe desirability of making a road to the northward of tbe jetty. The subject of roads was forthwith discussed to tbe evident discomfiture of the majority of the Councillors. It was asserted that the money ot tbe ratepayers had been expended iu making roads exclusively to the residences of Coun cillors, and it was shown that but a few months back when Mr. Swan offered a ten-foot road through his property the Council refused to accept any thoroughfares unless of a width of 20 feet. At the time this was deemed a wise course, and in consequence of the decision Mr. Swan handed over the twenty feet and the road was formed. Under precisely similar circum stances, however, another road needed to bisect a Councillor's property was not only made at the public expense, but the Councillor affirmed his right to close it at any time he cho-e. This affirmation caused another noisy outbreak, in which the Council were openly charged with great partiality in expending the rates. At length the Chairman again brought the subject of the deputation before the members, and it was promised the road in question should be attendod to. The Sot Weather in Melbourne. — The Argus oi Saturday, December 16, thus writes upon the hot weather of last week:— 'The weather yesterday, as on Thursday, was most oppressive. The heat of the sun was intense, and a hot wind — like a blast from a furnace — was blowing throughout the day. The highest temperature in the shade registered at Melbourne Observatory was 110*7, which ia the highest re corded in December during the last 18 years, the next highest having occurred on tbe 21th of December, 1868, when it reached 110. The highest temperature in tbe sua was 149-1°, which has been exceeded twice during the last 18 years— o» the 20th December, lSt-9, and 24th of December, 18S8. when tbe temperature was respectively 151-8* and 151*1°. Messrs. Kasner & Moss inform us that the thermo meter banging within the entrance of their shop in Collins-street registered 104° in tho ehade. this being the highest reading for the las'; 17 years. From its position their instrument always registers considerably below those of tbe Observatory. During the time they have been registering the following are the readings whici a o*t closely approximate those of -esterday: — 101° on January 20 and 21, 1875 ; 100? on December 22, 1871 ; ? and 100° on January 14, 1882. Early in the evening tha wind want round in a southerly direction, and there wera signs of a thunderstorm, which, however, passed over without breaking in full force. A little rain fell later, but did not cool the atmosphere mu:h. The intense heat appears to have extended over the greater part of this and the adjoining colo nies. At Echuca the tharmometor reached 1573 in the sun, while at Horsham, in the Wini Eiera district, the maximum temperature in the shade was 113Q At Goelocg the thermo meter indicated 95e iu the shade and 1213 in the sun at 1 o'clock, and 100° in the shade and 125'* in the sun at a quarter to 4. A thunderstorm was experienced shortly after 6 o'clocu, but the evening continued sultry till after 8, when a cool breeze set in. At Adelaide it was 114 2Q in the shade.' The All-England Match at Sydnez.— Regarding tbe late All-England match the Sydney Morning Rcrald writes: — 'Such a victory deserves to be written in letters of living fire in the history of Australian cricket, Our men had an uphill game to play, and played it, too, in the faoe of a good deal cf bid luck. During the second innings seven bowlers were tried by the Englishmen, six of whom had moro than one attempt. The manner in which the two young University players, Powell and Garrett, wielded the willow under the most trying circumstances entitles them to the highest prafee. Towards the clo&e; of the innings tbe Englishmen appeared to exhibit more symptoms of funk than did the batsmen, and the manner in which at times nearly one-half tho fieldsmen started in pursuit of the ball pointed to the conclusion that they were losing their beads a trifle. All this is to be excused, for the excitement on all sides was intense. We cannot close these remarks without adding a word in praise of Coatee, the New South Wales captain, for the discrimination whiah he showed in sending his team to the wiskete ia the second innings, and his wisdom in retaining such men as Thompson and Powell until the close of tbo innings, when the garrn was at its most critical point, must be generally acknowledged. When the excitement had somewhat subsided tbe two teams, with tho officials and others, adjourned to the luncheon pavilion, where the President of the Association, Mr. R. Driver, M.L.A., proposed the health of Lillywhite and bis team in champagne. Before the toast was acknowledged he should like to eay a few words as to the unfair treatment accorded to Jupp. (Hear, hear.) Whether Jupp made a mistake or not he did not pretend to say; but he believed that the whole of his decisions were given in an honest straightforward manner— (cheers)— and he hoped when he left this colony he would put the recent thoughtless demonstration down, not to New South Wales, but to a noisy crowd who knew no better. (Hear, hear.) Lillywhite, in respond ing, expressed his belief that in the return match tbe A.E.E. would be in better form, and would win the encounter.' [From yesterday's EcawiQ Journal.] EQUITY COURT. — The Primary Jndge sat on Tuesday morning, December 19.' Several judg ments were given. In Ferrett v. Clark, the demurrer was allowed, it being hold that the plaintiffs remedy, if he had any at all, wa3 at law. The bill prayed for a decree for the pay ment of the whole of the purchase-money of some land sold by auction, and, as the plaintiff alleged, subject to and not frae from certain mortgages. In Levi v. Ayers, His Hoaor decided that Messrs. Douglas and Townsend, two of the original trustees of the deed of assignment of Messrs. P. Levi & Co., were properly joined as parties to the suit though they no looser act as trustees. A demurrer on that point was therefore disallowed, but the question of co3ts was reserved. /» re Messrs. P. Levi & Co's as signment ex parte Messrs. Willian?, Overbury, and Co., it was decided that certain instrumeat* drawn by tho firm in London upon the Adelaide house were not legal bills of exchange, and conse quently re- exchange did not attach to them. In two administration suits — Stabb v. Coulter and Others and Bradley v. Ford and Another, de crees were made without opposition. Tne Court then adjourned. St. Francis Xayier's Hall.— An entertain ment was given in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, on Monday evening, December 18, by the scholars of the Roman Catholic Grammar School. The programme comprised songs by several ladies and gentlemen, aud a short farce styled 'The Harvest Home.' Tne songs were all excellently rendered, bat one of the best was undoubtedly ' Steer my bark to Erin's Isle,' which was capitally sung by Miss Nimmo. After several pieces had been played, Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, presented the prizes to the successful scholars, and ex pressed great pleasure at the progress which the boys had mode in their studies, remarking th*t the result reflected great credit on their teacher Mr. McBride. Miss Morris presided at tho piano in an accomplished manner, and the entertainment closed with the National Anthem. Speaking of dancing, a clergyman hits the nail on the head with tbe remark that ' people usually do more evil with their tongues than with their toes.' cST Coxcocnoxs of Fikct Spirits, flavoured \rith somu astringent alkaloid, are occasionally sold to the unsuspecting for Udolpuo Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic 'Scusappm. The parties who practise this particularly nefarious imposition often use bottles which have contained the true article. It is hoped that this and similar warnings will put the public on its guard against imitations of one of ihs finest medifinal .beverases in existence, 3 