JSXTRAOMDfXARV CHARGE OF OON 8PJRINQ TO MURDER. - WILLIAM KIMPTON VANCE,a8;edtwenty four, described aa a medical atudeut, 69, fc-UBtuii-road, aud Helen Snee, aged thirty, a married woman, living at 48, Crowudale road, -were charged on warrants before Mr. Vaughan at Bow-street, ou April 21, with connpiiiug together to murder some person at present unknown. In opening the case Mr. Poland, who prosecuted on helmlt'of the TYeuRiirv. snM that ou the 23iH of February last a letter came to the post-office iu the Junction roid, Kentish-town. This letter was ad dressed to ' M. G.' No one called for it, and it remained there till the end of March, when it was returned to the Gene ral Post Office, St. Murtin's-le-Grand. There in the Dead Letter Office it wns opened in the usual course, aud the clerk who read it thought it his duty to bring it under the noticuof his superiors. Giving to the peculiar nature uf its contents the letter was afterwards scut to the Commis sioners of Police. The letter iu question ran as follows : — ' Eustou- road, N.W., Wednesday. ' My Dear Sir,— It occurs to me I may not have very clearly explained my sug gested modus ojxraiufi. One thinks of many things pertinent after closing the letter for post. Reening to your note of the 20th, I limit say there is risk of dis covery with whatever modedf death. For the registrar requires notice of 'Cause of Death' from medical attendant. Should this nut lie forthcouiiug, an iui|uest ; aud in all cases of sudden death au inquest. It a person die under unnatural or suspi cious conditions and the matter hushed up and no inquest, this implies the dis tinct connivance of friends. But you desire to have your friend or friends igno rant of any premeditated de-ij;ii and no doctor called in attendance. Under these uircumstancesthere must ensue a coroner's inquiry. .My plan is this. Sudden death allowed, or apparently suspicions death acknowledged. Still a favorable verdict may be returned which in no way can invalidate a will made antecedent to death — probably many weeks. The pe culiarity of my suggestion is, that, al though the actual cause of death is found out, and that a narcotic, yet the verdict will he the most lenient- viz., 'by mis adventure,' or, as it is phrased sometimes n ore specifically, 'the deceased was in the habit of taking chloral, and died from an overdose incautiously administered by himself.' I can arrange details to 'square' with this, and submit them to you at our meeting or ou paper. If you like, chloral might be administered to a dog or cat, or you might try yourself au ordinary dose, and he thereby cognisant of the bond fides of the agent. Upon mature consideration I know of no more feasible method. The cases of the pri soners Pritchard and Palmer, both doc tors, were ingenious, yet they were de tected. They lived before these chloral limes. As au anatomist aud medical jurist I altogether frown on any attempt to excite arterial rupture, it a, and am willing to adduce reasons. I write this letter at 53, Brady-street, Betlinal-grecn, R, where I am, since yesterday, doing full duty for Surgeon Maiuwariiig. We have a surgery here, and I have access to the drugs, bottles, and labels, &c.; I re turn to Eastun-road to- night, and will have a supply of the drug. If you adopt my theory we might arrange to meet, and then take leave of the subject. You can select your own fit time. I would desire this for several reasons— (1) to get rid of the affair ; have it off my mind, which is natural and human ; (2) I um expected to lie summoned to Liverpool any of these days to meet by brother-in-law,' returning in a sailing-vessel from San Francisco ; (3; a cousin of mine, en route for Hani burg, is coming to 59, Huston -road, to stay a few days, aud if I be nut in Liver pool next Tuesday I want to be at his service.— Expecting a reply, believe me, sir, in confidence, yours, ' W.K.V.' lie (Mr. Poland] thought no one could read that letter and doubt that the writer of it had been applied to by some person to supply a poison in order to destroy life ; and that life was to be destroyed in such a way that there should be no coroner's inquest, and that any will made by the person so destroyed should not be invalidated. The matter was placed in the hands of Chief-Inspector Clark, of Scotland-yard, who, assisted by Sergeants Butcher aud Mauton, made the necessary inquiries. He lirst went to the address in the letter, 53, Brady- street, and there found a Mr. Mainwariug, a surgeon. That gentleman was shown the letter, and said that a person of the name uf William Kimptuii Vance had been in his employ at the time the letter was written. He also identified the handwriting as that of the pcrsou who had been in his employ. That person was of course the prisoner. Having thus discovered one of the parties, the next thing to he done was to find out to whom this letter was addressed. Thin was discovered in the following way. The letter had been returned tu the General Post Office in March, aud shortly after, on the 3l»ch, a letter was received by the autliiuiti.'s there, mgned ' W. Quarll,' stating that Home letters marked ' M. G.' or 'A. W.' had been sent fi ? i the post-office at Kentish Town, the writer not baying been nhle to call for them, aud asking that they might be re turned there as soon as possible. The answer to that letter whs sent to ' W. Q.iaill,' ami it was Raid that no letters marked as stated had been Rent hack. Ou April 4, then, a second letter came asking again for the letters. This was signed '? William Quarll.' and stilted that tbe writer h id heard that one of the letters so returned to the Ganeral Office was ' very important.' Thut letter was not answerer], the first answer having no doubt crossed it. The police authorities watched the iioKt-dflice in Kentish-town, where the letter addressed to W. Quarll had been sent ; and on the 1st April the female prisoner was seen to go there. She asked for letters, but received none then. She wan watched when she left the office, mid her home was traced to 48, Crowuditle road, Canideu-town. On the 5th April she again called, and this time received the Postmaster-General's answer. The police found oat where she wan lodging, that her name was Sues, and that her husband was travelling abroad. On the 6tb April she welit to tho post-office in Everafiolt-street, Gamden-town, and ob tained a pott-office order for W. K. Vance, Welwyn, Hertfordshire, fur £s it. She ac ked for it in the name of QnarlL, SO, Denbigh-st., Pimlico. There is no such person as Quarll known at that address, nor is she known there. These facts being obtained the warrants were taken out and the prisoner arrested. The conversation that passed is detailed iu Inspector Clark's evidence. A letter was banded by the male prisoner to Clark. It runs as follows :— j 'a--8-76. ! 'U&ar; Sir,— I make no question you oouldbeofaornofltome, Tbe quanta, , is, will you ! The tolatium I offer is ,£100 ; the conditions, these ;— t am tired of my life. I can do a great deal of good to a person I am interested in by leaving the wurld just now, and one way or another 1 am resolved to do bo, but if possible I should prefer not to wound tbe feelings of the person who will gain tuo*t by my death by allowing it to be supposed voluntary. Besides, the most merciful verdict of a coroner's jury would be suffi cient to invalidate my will. Now, although I have some acquaintance with medicine and chemistry, I know of no drug or combination of drugs which would do this for me without risk of discovery. It is possible you may. It is not abso lutely essential that tbe supposed means should be painless or even very quick iu their results. If some artery could be hurt with any plausible appearance of accident, assistance summoned too late, &c.; I am willing to allow time for ex periments, have no objection to a personal interview. 1 will give any assurance of bond fides that may be thought necessary. I only request that this communication be considered strictly private. — Yours faithfully, M. G. Address to these initials at the P.O., Junction-road, Keutish-town, N.W.' It appears that tbe female prisoner pat an advertisement in a daily newspaper, addressed to medical men, asking for assistance. The male prisoner answered this, and the above is her answer to him. It is clear she wished to destroy life -whether her own or some one else's will be subject fur further inquiry, but from her letter offering tbe £100 it is certain that at the very least she is guilty of wishingto nuke away with her own life, and from his letter giving the advice she required it is just us clear that for the purposes of gain the prisoner at the bar assisted her and procured her the drug she desired. He received £2 2i. from her in a post-office order as part of his reward. When the woman was arrested she admitted having received some drug in a paper and some stuff iu a bottle from Vance, but said she hid uot had the courage to take them as they smelt so horrible. He (Mr. Poland) thought that after hearing the evidence iu the case his worship would certainly be of opinion that more time ought to be allowed tbe police to make further inquiries into these very suspicious circumstances, and to discover, if possible, the real truth in this matter. Mr. Poland then called— Inspector George Clark, who said he was a chief inspector of the detective de partment, Scotland yard. He received three warrants from this court -two fur the arrent of Vance, and one for the arrest of the other prisoner, Slice. He first went to No. 5'.). Euston-road, where he saw the defendant, William Kimpton Vance. Tliis was about 4 o'clock. Wit ness told him he was au inspector of police, and held a warrant for his arrest. The warrants were read to him. He said, -v Quite right ; I have been iu communi cation with a person of that name. I am a medical student, and I did not intend to murder anybody or harm anybody.' They went upstairs to the top of the house, to the prisoner's room. Witness said he intended searching the room for letters. Prisoner opened a box with a key he took from his pocket, and handed a letter to witness, dated February 20, 1876, and signed 'M.U.,' and said, 'This is the only letter I have left.' There was a large box iu the room containing a quantity of drugs in papers and buttles, which witness took possession of. Pri soner was taken to the station, where he gave bis full name, ' William Kiiup ton Vance.' Sergeants Butcher and iManton were with witness. Pri soner was taken to the station by Man ton. Witness went with Butcher to 48, Oowndale-road. They got there about (i o'clock. The female prisoner opened the street-door. She answered to tbe name of Mrs. Snee. Witness told her he wanted to speak to her. She said, ' Yuu had better come upstairs to my room.' In the room witness said he was an in spector of police, and held a warrant for her arrest. It was read to her. She said, 'I haven't harmed anyone. I did not intend to htmii auyone, or to commit any murder.' She said she intended it (the drugs) for herself. Witness said he would see what letters she had got. She said, ' You will not find any, as I have de stroyed them all ; even the blotting-paper. I only intended tu have the drugs in readiness, as I have beeu so very ill and weak that I might have used them iu case I was ill again.' (Witness was not quite sure whether she said 'drugs,' but she alluded to them). She continued : ' The powder I received smelt so horrible I could not use it. I scut it back tbe same day 1 sent the P. O. order. The other in the bottle I puured away and broke the bottle. The £2 2s. I intended for the trouble I had given the person, whom I had never seen ; and I was not going to proceed any further in the matter. He answered an advertisement I put iu the Daily Telegraph.' Sbe said no more, but repeated that several times. She suid she had beeu very lonely since her husband had left her, and if it had not beeu for her sister-in-law she did not know what she would have dune. Wit ness found a diary und other writing, similar to that uf the letter signed ' M. G.' Witness found a Daily Tele graph of February 18, 187fi, containing the udvertisemeut, 'To medical men iu need of money, or students well up in chemistry and anatomy.— A gentleman engaged in an interesting experiment is willing to give liberal remuneration for professional assistance. Q. W., Post office, Junctiiiu-road, Kentish -town, N.W.' Witness also produced the letter which caused the first suspicion aud in quiries into this matter. Witness ulso produced the other letters in connection with the case. The prisoner Snee told witness during the latter part of the search that she had periodical severe pains. Mr. John Gordon Mainwaring, surgeon, 49, Brady-street, Buthnal-Oreeu, said be knew tbe prisoner Vance. He first knew him in tbe latter part of August last year, and engaged him to act ns his substitute when he was obliged to leave home. He ived in the house, aud remained there at first about lea days. He was afterwards with witness nnout a week as assistant On February S3 hist he was with witness. The letter produced was, to the best of. witness s judgment, in prisoner's hand writing. While he was wit^i witness if did his work very satisfactorily. andhS ind received very good testimonials wWf Miss Mary Jane Haines, of the Fort Office, Junction-road, proven that Mp prisoner Snee had called for fltterii at tp office on several occasions. JSUhe ittfMf she asked for were eithefiMdrt3*i occasions letters addressed 'It ».* wM» given her, but none with hftWsa. ier«M one from the itaieral jBott {HBpe. Wit ness Also proved tbe sending wiw of tla letter that remaiwd at that ojJKtkbout 1 Dioilth to the-QMBftl ftytt-QflBfc ' Sir. .Poland said that was as far as he could go that day, and lie asked, there fore, for a remmtd. This was agreed to. The prisoner Snee, who is a very quiet lady-like woman, asked to be admitted to bail Mr. Vaughan said he did not know whether be ought to take buil on such a case. After some consideration, however, be agreed to take two sureties in £300 each if ehe could find them, twenty-four hours' notice of bail to be given to tbe prosecution. On April 29 both the above prisoners were again brought before tbe magistrate for further examination in this remarkable case. Mr. Poland said that since the last bearing, a gentleman in a brougham called at a post- office at 149, Kentisb town-road, aud asked for sutue letters addressed ' M. V.' There were three letters so addressed, but the postmaster very properly refused to give them up, and communicated with the police. It was suspected that ' M. V.' referred to M. Vance, aud so tbe Secretary of State's warrant was obtained to have them opened. They were opened and proved to be of great importance in this case. Mr. Poland then read them as follows : — ' Envelope addressed ' To be called for, M. V., 149, Kentish-town-rood, Post office, N.W.' April 9. Dear Sir, -I cannot thank you enough for tbe admir able way in which you have managed everythjng. My niece knows nothing of your beiug a medical mail. I have given her to understand you are something of a virtuoso, aud that the box contained im pressions from antique seals, also that I owe you u great deal of money. I am inclined to think that tbe chloral will be perfectly satisfactory. I should like to know if there is any likelihood of its strength evaporating, especially in the corked bottle. It is possible that this may get somewhat wasted with suiffiug and experimenting, and that a further supply may be necessary, but I will try uot. Supposing I do not give the dog his t A portion of it diluted would, I suppose, do for me iu every sense of the term ? Is a portion equal to six teaspoon - fuls of the labelled bottle quite certain in its effect ? If you can assure me of this I shall not want auy other medicine, ex cept, perhaps, a drop or two of prussic acid iu a tiny phial in cose of failure with the dug ; but that I can Ut you kuow. I think I had better get a little oil of peppermint at any ordinary chemist's. Tell me what quantity will suffice. 1 shall be in the city early to-morrow, and will post your fee whole, after drawing it out. I do uot think there is any danger, ind you will want it for your holiday, perhaps. Don't forget the bill. I can trust my niece to see it paid, but you may have to wait six months after tbe event. This lovely weather has given me great desire to see one particular spot of the country iu the north for tbe last time. 1 think I shall sUrt on Tuesday afternoon, and give myself a week's holiday. This may defer the event till Easter Tuesday or Wednesday, but cannot make much difference to yuu. Tell me in your next if tbe Eustou-road address is good for six months. —Yours most faithfully, Wm. Quarll — In what way is alcohol a poison ? I have sometimes met with the following passage : — ' Arsenic will not destroy life so quickly as alcohol, for the former has to decompose the structure nf tbe stomach, whereas alcohol directly assails tbe principle of life in the nervous system.' ' '59, Euston-roid, N.W., 12 -4-76 — Door Sir,— I notified to P.O., K.T.Rd. (149) that I received your letter Monday. But I (eared to reply to the old place lest yuu thought of changing your address. I hope this may not cause unpleasant de lay. The prussic acid is quite ready for post, and as for the essence of peppermint you will find some three or four drops suffice to flavor and neutralise odour. Alcohol kills like chloral— both are nar cotic, they induce sleep and stimulate apoplexy. Sometimes apoplectic folks dyinz iu the street we take for dead drunk. My full name is William Kimp ton Vuuce. Let my address remain 59, Euston rood, N.W. If you keep the so lutions corked carefully they evaporate little. The dog's portion would do for you, the full half of it is sure to be effectual. Your own solution is diluted, and doubly so, fur having found that the fluid rushed about in the bottle (filled more than hall1) and made a noise, when the pocket (for your niece) was shaken, I filled up tbe buttle with water. Let the label remain, but (should y-m use your solution) take two good tablespoons. Il ini^ht be a good pUti, bavin.; abstracted your dose, before swallowing to pour iu some clear water, but not to the extent of filling, for if the solution were found very strong and undiluted suspicion were aroused. You understand you may em ploy either buttle. If tbe smaller, ab stract a full half, aud then pour iu a little water ; if the larger, abstract twn table s(monfo.U, mid tueii nuur iu a little water. Whichever bottle you use, throw the other away, and let the buttle ynu em ploy bs left ou tbe uuintlepiece or table not bard by the bed. Let no specimen of my writing, save that relating to debt, be found ; and let all around you remain in usual condition, to imply absence of de sign. This entire uffoir u to shuw priinA facie accident.' 'April 13, 1870. -Dear Sir,— The vile weather on Monday, aud a sharp attack of rheumatism prevented my visit to the City, or to 'K. T.' uutil this morning. There I found your card. Please reply to, aud returning last letter aim (this) to ' M. V., 149. K. T. Road.' I have de ferred my week's visit to my native pla'ie until the weather is more propitious. The remittance only waits your further ad vice. D.i you wish it sent to Eustou road 1 I miss your letters much. Can't you tell me about tbe ulcohol, and draw out tbe bill I spoke to yuu about I— Fours faithfully, William Qua-BLu' 'Thursday, 12 30 o'clock noon. —Yours received. I will go with this to Keutish town-road, 149, and drop it immediately. I am auxiouH to have remittance to-day. Bank holiday toraurrow. O*n you send by some trusty person totue at this ad dress 1 Ton might wire if you think proper. I should so ljke the money di- . McUy. I shall write again and enclose fall and send the prussic acid.— Very rrni'tr HIT ££. V' , 'Will be called for. Envelope ad dressed 'M. V., Post Office, 149, KenHsh town-rpad769, 13.4.76.'-Mtr dear Sir,— I had expected you would Lave received with the card written Monday my little letter penned last evening. Tula last, as the former, simply explains delay on my part. You did not tenew address, sol feared to risk ony ttture letters left at a post office 'to be called for' after the history of the first batch. You will agree this is a natural sordple. f thought Hod given you to understand that my address remains as now. If better I oan make tafaddrew, oareof Dr. Pulled Gsw*rtrjr, «-T flulttpTniM1 Pawn, Fort Jto'ibSt to England five years ag i, and only name to town six monthB back. If any hubbub were excited ?about my age it would be unpleasant if 1 made out a bill dated five years back, and if it turned out I but lately came to England, and that Tm so young in the profes-don. Why not let it stand so ? -the £70 is a loan from me to you. The sum lent, say in 1874, wLun I was in Oswestry, or 1875, when I was in Guernsey. You might in your wUI. and tbe body of it, direct the loan of £70 to be returned without interest as souu as executors have paid immediate debts to within six months. I might bold in your own writing a promissory note and a letter alluding to tbe transaction, and among your papers a letter of mine might appear showing evidence of a loan. I fancy this phu im better than the bilL A £70 medi cal bill woula imply attendance «m a loug and tedious lUuess, of which there w.mld be no evidence, and no evidenceiertaiiily to connect me with you as attendant I presume you mean a medical bill If you mean a trader'd account— well, I have never had any trade association. But I might appear as a private lender. WUI you think over this, and say what you ' consider advisable » I might hold ? a re ceipt of payment of some £10 of the as sured loan. The loan might stand at £100, of which £30 have been paid, and of which the remaining £70 is to be paid with all other various chums. As you defer holiday (and I regret the unpro pitioiM weather, and your consequent rheumatism), there is space to communi cate on this matter. On receipt of yours this morniug I forthwith replied, and en closed your last two letters. I asked you to oblige by remitting your favor as awn as convenient Indeed, I should have been off again to-day but for the delay in this matter. I returned from the Black Country on Wednesday morning, to lie on the spot, and give tbe affair earnest con sideration. I shall be off as soon as I again hear from you. Kindly return all entire, and believe me very sincerely, W. xL V. Envelope endorsed ? M. V., 149 P O Keutish-town-road. Letter, 79, Eustoii road, N.W. Sabbath. My dear Sir, When you go to 149 for your letters (if you have not gone already) you will find I have beeu diligent in explanation since receiving your last, which assured me of your address. I hope you are satisfied with my reply. I trust your attack of rheumatism is fully passed over, and that you can now enjoy a holiday. I have spent only a fraction of a holiday- I had an agreeable evening iu the Black Country Tuesday, but returned to town principally at tbe instance of our mutual affair. I could hardly enjoy a trip with this matter hanging over me. I had hoped for a hitter Saturday. I suppose there will be no delivery to-morrow (Monday) morning. But surely I shall have an answer by early Tuesday morning. I think the £50 note carefully addressed to 69 is quite safe. We can trust to the theory of pro babilities. If you reply Tuesday early, I might get off to Wales Tuesday afternoon. L of course, will furnish you with my address there, and be happy still to answer any letters for you. I expect to be absent six or seven days, then to return to thu private hotel, where I remain. It seems to me, should you de sire to change place of letter receiving, there is the post reOante at the General Post-office and At Cuariug-cross. You could have an assumed name on the enve lope I send you, giving name aud placo, and where from expected; you are imme diately handed a letter. I have the prussic acid packet ready, and will send it immediately on receipt of your next What a pleasing change the weather has assumed.— Believe me, my dear sir. very cordially, W. K. V.' After reading these letters, Mr. Poland said there was also a newspaper sent to the same address, aud the postmaster at Kentish-towu- road would be called, and he would prove that the gentleman who called for the letters was Mr. Payne, tbe solicitor for tbe prisoner Snee. Fortun ately, as already stated, they were nut given up, but were opened for the pur poses of this case. It was proposed to complete the formal evidence on the principal parts of the case, and then to ask for a further remand, the charge seeming, as it did upon the last occasion, one of conspiring to take tbe life of sunie person unknown. Mr. Vaughau said that upon the hist occasion, not haviug looked at the case front both sides, he at first agreed to accent hail, but before the day was out be felt lie bud done wrong, so when tbe bail was presented he refused to accept it. The case bad been strengthened by these fresh letters, aud it was certain that the prisoner's object was to take life, whether her own or another's is not known. That being so, he did nut consider it was a case iu which bail should be taken. The pri oners were then again remanded, and at a subsequent examination were com mitted for trial ou the charge of conspir i ig to murder. How Mark Twain was 'Sold' i-r Nkwauk. -1 was profoundly moved, I said ' My son, bring the old party found. I have got some jokes in (hut lecture tint will mike him laugh if there is any laugh iu him; and, if they miss fire, 1 have gut mime otberd that will make him cry or kill him, oue or tbe other.' Theu the young man blessed me, and went 011 my neck, mid went after his uncle, lie placed I1i.11 in in 1 Tiiiv. iu tire --ewnd row of bunches that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ; I dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones ; I fired old jokes into him, and peppered him tore anduftwitu red hot uewones; t warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the light aud left, in frontand behind ; I fumed and sweated and charged and ranted till I was hoarse and sick, aud frnutic and furious ; but I uever moved him ouce— I never started a tear, uever a ghost of a smile, aud never a suspicion of moisture. I was astuundad. 1 dosed the lecture at hist wiib nud despairiug shriek, with one wild burdt of humor, and burled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. Then 1 sat down bewildered and exhausted, The president of the society came up and batbed my head with oold water, and said, ' What made you carry on so to wards tbe last I' £ said, ' I was trying to make that confounded old fool In the second row laugh.' And he said, ' Well, you were waiting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind aa a mole I' Now was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose ou a stranger and an orphan Jlke me VI ask yon, as a man end orpther, if that was any Way for him to do? lOTAHlMtraio. -Perhaps children tire the «Uveroord» that bind us to heaven, - aiidyet* mau doesn't think about that, wtoJafi** listening 4UI-9 «.«, to the fjtyunaof au iufant, just glances wearily jyas^watoh . arid *einwffa*r his wif£ ^liydwr, I think TU jolt »t out into ttjjudaft «4try to {&* l&lft; %$* - 