THE SKELTON IN THE CLOSET (New York Tribune.) Crowds of young people in New York hurried through the golden gates of matri- mony during the last two weeks of February ; for even in churches in which the fast of Lent is not observed there is a prejudice against wedding in so gloomy a season. The columns of society papers, which have been filled with descriptions of bridal receptions, trousseaus, and presents, have ceased to glow for a few weeks, and the newly- married folk have leisure to arrange their possessions, take stock of their capital of youth, fortune, and love, and to settle down to make such use of it as seems best to then. The Tribune willingly throws in a word of advice as the fittest of wedding gifts. It is that they care fully search house, baggage, and hearts, and see that, as they set out on the long journey together, they take no skeletons along with them. Your novel-writer, playwright, and poet, find the inevitable ghastly tenant of the closet a mighty useful personage. They could not do without him ; he is made to shoulder and lug in all the tragedy, the dramatic situations, the telling points ; but practical housekeepers and home-makers would do well to begin their spring cleaning and Lenten self-examinations by ridding themselves of all cadavers or any sort of secrets which have to be kept out of sight as quickly as possible. The skeleton in the majority of houses ruled after the latest mode is a mean economy where economy is unwise, and lavish display in circumstances where display is vulgar. The young husband and wife, if they venture on housekeeping at all, wish, first of all, to impress their little worlds with their means and good taste. Parlour and dining-room boast their fine carpets or rugs, pictures, and bric-a-brac ; there is a showy set of china for company ; but the mean skeleton slinks into upper closets with the scanty stock of linen, or among the cheap thin pillows and hard mattresses, or down to the bare, com- fortless kitchen, with its meagre supply of pots and pans. There are mansions dubbed by gaping passers-by as palatial, whose drawing-rooms and state- chambers are marvels of luxury, but whose kitchens and ordinary sleeping-rooms are scarcely fit to be the inhabitation of paupers. If our ambitious young housekeeper has any such skeletons as this to hide, or any other result of her own indolence or ignorance, she may be sure her sin will find her out, and that at the least convenient season. Sham magnificence never yet covered up proverty, idleness, or unclean- ness with its scanty gaudy drapery. Your fashionable visitor will some day catch a glimpse of the ragged table-cloth, or the creeping horror of the basement — ghost harder to lay than Hamlet's father — will rise from his cavern in the kitchen sink to walk on parlour brocatelle. There was an old custom among our great-grandmothers which required each girl to weave and spin her chests full of under-clothing, bed and table linen, jpefore she could hope for matri- mony. Thousands of honest young couples with this provision, a cow, and a clean feather-bed, began life courageously together, and ended it with honour and success. Thousands of their descendants, who are ashamed of them, begin it now with fine furniture find a showy, house, and not half the preparation for clean comfort and genuine decency. There are other skeletons which had better be thrown out headlong from the new home ; that old love affair which the husband passed through long ago, and which he goes back to mope over when he happens to be dyspeptic or out of humour. It lifts him, he fancies, to quite a poetic height — the possession of this lost love, stored away for melancholy emergencies. The best way for his wife to lay this ghost is to bring him face to face with his ideal dream: Ten chances to one she is fat, middle-aged, and frowzy, but in any case the new man and woman into which both have grown are most likely to repel each other. There are other cadavers buried in almost every home ready to breed malaria; grudges between husband and wife ; sore old family feads ; unsettled disputes about money. Many people too, keep a sort of charnel-house atmosphere - about, by means of incessant secrets ; they wrap themselves in disagreeable mystery ; manage their children and friends by a system of finesse ; they are apt too, to possess sensitiveness beyond the comprehen- sion of the vulgar, are always in the abyss of a quarrel or on the heights of reconciliation, There are no old respectable skeletons in their houses, perhaps, but you walk knee-deep in bits of bones. Most familiar amon skeletons is debt. Our advice to young housekeepers us to turn the whole miserable tribe out of doors. Don't coddle them or temporise with them or cover them up, but— at whatever sacricrifice — turn them out of doors. Then only can you hope for honest, clean, cheerful homes in which to live out your lives and roar your children. Forbes Land Office:----The following busi- ness was transacted at this office during the past week : At auction. Joseph Miller, 320 acres, Bogandillon. Improvement Purchases : Georgo Lee, 173 acres 1 rood 21 perches Condobolin ; Edward Jones, 320 acres, Cadow ; Conditional Purchases : Duncan M'Callum, 200 acres, Moora Moora ; Alfred Charles Crampton, 40 acres, Wallomundry ; Henry Whitfield, 320 acres, Wolowolar ; John Flint, 120 acres, Bobabagil ; Charles Edward Pearson, 40 acres, Wongajong. Counterfeits Abroad. — There are counter- feits and imitations abroad which are intended to trick the community out of its money at the expense of Australia's most popular health beverage, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aro- matic Schapp's. No article, imported or other- wise, which is alleged to possess similiar in- gredients to it is aught else than a pernicious humbug. The public will be guided accord- ingly, and shun the trap. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.— Whenever the weather is variable, and the temperature constantly changing, the weak and delicate need be very careful to repel the first symtoms of dis- ordered action of ill-health. The scrofulous and consumptive will find in those noble reme- dies the means of casting out the bad humours which originate and prolong their sufferings. The Ointment should be well rubbed twice a day over the skin as near as possible to the part effected. It will penetrate and act most wholesomely and energetically on the deceased structures. It manifests a wonderful power in removing all taints from the blood, and con- sequently in curing a multitude of chronic ail- ments, which seemed to be almost irremediable. 