ORIGINAL OORRESPONDENOC, TO TIIE EDI'TOR 1O THU KtIAMA IND5PENDINT, 8n,-I was bighlymused on .reoading the speeches dolivered anttle dinner, given by the aorty, to thqir gueoatsa the Mlniseors aind tile toadice in'thi't:(aili; tbi~i'dthor ilh:tlio : 'llon. John's now poodle Camoron; vicr ; poodle Garrett, promotedh The spoooesh of the ohnirman, Mr, Black, in whiohi he said the praqsit ,Ministry we as a good as any we ove6' nd, might suprie some people, and I know it did; but it caused no sur. prise in mo,,fdr it is only the olihiax of his lonjings, notioed by myself at ;and insleoo our last eldoetidn, t was no won'dr the lion; John was grateful fobr enooniume he did not deserve, for,fiattery bhe nqt expeeti ospeoially from sAuoh a quarter, and loft his ,reat gun, the eloqeont Dalley,,to r ond. Thie gts alloy mdo a little spq ol, but a great mn tlce so far ns Cjis party is eoq. sierned, 'lo tuist havd' felt; when he intllhod so glibly of haulntod ground, witoh craft, demonology, and ithe ilnmn Ghost, ,that he wase on danerous and debatable grotnd; and lidi itwnet that the iidignna thn of somne thit I know heoard it did not bol ldvdi' anl ull hlim up ethnding, I neopqt imagine. lean tell hlim, howeover, that t)be4gRo.enxonos, and their broethro the Irds hiAgloSaxons, who glory as mucnlt in the country of their birth as they do in the race.fror4 wllch they sprung, a oln sym pathy~ withaud heartily endorse, overy word itt o rod by PIarkoes t tile mootilngto wvhoh thie gifted Dalloy makes eolrl ghostly reforone;ol and they, are gralteful still that men. inl power aitthat tiloe had principlo end firm. neoss .noug h to string up the dnatrrdly n'siaain, Boeides, 1)Dnily irow, to his lair lriid dischoinllture, tht the PJirilnmennb of the oonntry; liy a slargo njority, justli lied PInrkes in nll that hUe sand at ]inmna, by wliirg from thl records of tueo Ioiee andl 'the aolony the viciOiiUS doings, and vindioe tive report of that fin?rnia u olout committooe, In, whlolh Dalley, Garrott, and Maoloay took sach a promloant aend inglorious part, For n Allnuoslasnywpvthborlnno attorU4ho lercr(or.witty, t comre into a Saxon com munity, Bpparontlyfor thosole purpose of insulting'their copmoniOsense, and rousing their indignoation, is a species of silly mad. ness worthy 'only of aDalley. But he may rest assured that nothing his seditiduse race can say, or aiytli g that was ever said by Prarkea-wh is a loyal .man-will ever mako us jealous. of his Celtic countrymen. No, we would rather emulate the few good qualities they possess, without blaming them much for their bad oiaess eonsideririg that they-.or most of them-sro traceable to' sad, ought to. be laid on the shoulders oft such leaders of. rebellion' as Smith, O'DJrien, Meagher,?tlMitohell, Magee, and a host of others, not forgetting Sir Gavsan Duify. The Anglo-Saxon laughs'at'lino i pient? robollioin; but vhen one of its doipos moro: fanatical thsr the rost,:presuminu on I rbearanece,.and encourakged by the conduct i writinges of sdeh; leadors/'as i. havo "?mentioned, idsorteltoasesasslintibnl he is hung up like a dog As ;?l m eald before, Mr; Dalley made 'a nlistake' by!his.vindietive and fslatieaC! refeeino to the KimaDGhost,. It was unwise, and: in no'sense calculated to advaoe the?o' interests of his own prtty to come to Kiam? araid' fiesheo,in the minds b if our Anlod.8axon'comnuinlty thb strooi: ies of the past ;-atrocities ;whiehlif'Mr. Dalley thinks we hlavo.-forgiven he is right, if he thilswe havoe forgottou them he is wron? ?aid'if hd thinks w doc?b't tell the chaff from tbo wheathe is still further wrong, ~u',,' ,: , ,, Yours,&?b., AN 1I.POODLE, 