HORTICULTURAL NOTES. The varietiea of Show Pelargonium have now reached a state of great perfection, in eize, form, aad coloring. Mr. Brtin* ning has, as usual, another Hue lob for dia tributien next season. Where all are good it is difficult to make a selection. The fol lowing are some of those which took our fancy, and to which we do not suppose the most fastidious could make an objection : — Countess haB lower petals (Lp.) of a pale orange pink, maroon spot on upper petals (u.p.), with a rosy-lilac margin, and a clear white centre ; Coronet is a cherry rose, with small black spot and white centre j Favorite, l.p. pale pink, with black blotch on u.p. and white centre ; Ruth, l.p. cherry rose, small uiaroon spot on u.p. and white centre ; Protector, l.p. purple maroon, with spot of same color on u.p., extra fine form ; Coquette, l.p. rosy purple, painted, black u.p. with lilac margin; Topsy, l.p. purplish rose, u.p. black, crimson margin and white centre ; Druid, l.p. rosy lilac veined, maroon spot on n.p,, extra line form ; Elue Boy, Lp. bluiah purple, u.p. rich deep purplish uiaroon, with narrow dis tiuct margin, large, a very novel variety. Though some of those aro not very different in color from others of older date, thoy are, upon the whole, decidedly improvements, aud combine large size with exquisite form aud brilliance of coloring, the pare white centres Betting oil' thu rich, colors to great advantage. Mr. Erunning has also a lot of Carnations and Picote^s now flowering for the first time in the colony, and of excellent character. Among them are some capital Selfa ; Maiden's Blush is a large well-shaped flower ; Geant dea Batoilles is a very large and Cue Bcarlot clove ; King of Yellovr, a large lino canary flower ; Ghost, a pure white, large, and full, a grand flower. Hindoo is a good dark crimson clovo. Among atripod Carnations, the following are of excellent quality :— Splendour is a grand scarlet flake ; Ajax, large and line purulo flake ; James Merry weather, a fine rose flake; Fanny Gardner, Scarlet bizarre ; Isaac Wilkinson, purple flako ; Mr. Hextall, rose flake, largo arid fine ; Lord Milton, crimson .bizarre ; Lady of the Lake, purple flake ; Luus, rose flake, Tery pretty; Crusader, orimnon bLume, very lar^o soil good. Amongst Picoteea may be mentioned : Mrs. Gibbins, large and iiue, with narrow crimson edge ; Edith Dora brain, narrow carmine edge j Lavinia, narrow red edge, large ; Ella, very light edge, large and good ; Mrs. Hicks, heavy red «-lg»v good; Vktor, medium purple edge. In one oi the greenhouses ia a lob of splendid varieties ol Gloxinia, the fol lowing sorts having truly magnificent flowers: Dante, a large upright sky-blue, marbled with pure white ; Fenelon, drooping, violet, shaded with black ; Julien, droopin-», deep rich carmine, with white edge ; President Qrevy, upright, large cream-colored /lowers, bordered with pnrple violet, very fine ; Snavia, upright^ thickly covered with mmnte spots on a whito gronnd, novel; Vicomtesse de Bruges, upright, white, marbled and mottled with cochineal and rose; Washing ton, drooping, very dark vermillion cochi neal, fine flower and very distinct. Mr. Brunning, with his ueu.il enterpme, has a large nuinbor of newly-imported plants ot various kinds, which aro in course of in craaso for distribution. Amon» tlu.m are Heaths, Double Poinsettias, Dipladcnias, and several of tho Echeverias, bo much in demandforflower-gardeningpui'poscs in Eng laud. Tho now varieties of I vy- leavod Pelargo nium are a great acrjnisition for out-door culture, and aro worthy of a placo in «very garden. The new double-flowered Konig Albert is a remarkable novelty, aw\ very showy. Hnbar'a hybrid ia a very distinct sort with bright red flowers, which render it very attractive. There are also some now Fuchsias, but the only ono in flower was First of the Day, with a large bluish corolla, which expands till quite flat, measuring nearly three inches over ; an improvement on the old Constellation. The Horticultural Society of Victoria have issued their schedule of prizes to be olfered at the show to be held on 22ud find 23rd March. Tho schedule is divided iuto two : eefcions, instead of three as heretofore. The first is open to all, the second is for cottagers or other amateurs not employing professional gardeners. The first section ia conuidorahly increased in numbers, while tho second is shortened. In pot plants tho increase is partly in additional subjects, but mainly in different quantities of each. Thus, fire prizes are offered for ferns in place of two offered last year. The prizes aie ako higher, the highest—thirty shillings— 'being olfered for six plants in bloom, twelve ornamental foliage plants, and twelve fuchsiai ; whereas 2«-a. ws3 the highest amount offered last year. Tho class for cut fla\ver3 also is lengthened, but fche principal pvize3 .ire the same, 'i'iia bonqucta are tins year restricted to six inches in diameter. The class for fruit is the same in number as bsfc year, but the miscel laneous collection is raised from thirty to fifty, with an additional prize for twenty varieties. Apples and pears arc reduced from fifty to forty.cight varieties, with other prizes for twenty four and twelve. The prizes remain tho same as before— 30a. ench for the miscellaneous collection, fartv-ei»ht apples and forty-eight pears ; tho prize for six pot plants being equal to that offered for a collection of fruit consisting of fifty sorts ; and although the society is bound to offer such prizes for plants and flowers as will in duce the growers to bring them in numbers sufficient to make an effective show, yet, as pomology has alvvaya been the great uim of the itocietv. and in nf mmv imr-ni-(-o.inn «?.-, tUr, community at large than either plants or flowers, it does seem thab Bnflieient en couragement is not given to pomologista, nor, it may be feared, sufficient inducement for them to toko the trouble of bringin' for ward their productions ; for it is *no 'light matter to cultivate and gather select fruits, bring them to the show, provide dishes, pay entrance fees and other expenses. So that if any considerable number of growers do come forward it must be more from a spirit of com petition than from any profit that they may expect. The total amount offered is £21 7s. 6d. for 271 diahea, equal to a little over Is. Cd. per dish. Tho prizes for vegetables are slightly lughcr than those of last year. The second prizes offered are, in nearly every instance, only one-half the value of the fruit, which a little reflection will show to be au unfair division ; almost invariably the second prize article is little inferior to tho first, and frequently they are so close that the judges have much difficulty iu deciding, and in such cases it manifestly bad policy to give a prizu of only half the value to au article that in so nearly equal to the first. A number of special pikes ai'e offered. Sir \V. F. Sfcawell, the president of the society, offers 30a. and 20s. for collections of tomatoes, aud the same for collections of potatoes ? Mr. Geo. Stevenson, £3 and £2, for collections of grapes ; Mr. Mara Buckley, two guinea?, for twelve varieties of dessert pears ; Mr. T. C. Cole, five guineas, for the best forty dishes of frnit ; this is a pme worth competiug for, at the aame time it is questionable whether it would not be better policy to supplement tho society's prizes for tho Hume things ; Mr. H. U. Cole, two guineas for 201b. of Black Hambnrgh grape3 ; Mr. J. Colo, one guiuca, for best Becditug dessert apples, whether shown for the first time not stated ; he also supplements the prizes for bouquets iu tbe uinatours' section to the amount of £2 15s. ; Messrs. James M'Ewau and Co., 30s. and 15s., for seedling fruits ; Mr. P. Egan, one guinea, and Mr. W. H. Kelly, half a guinea, for twelve cucum bers ; besides half a dozen others of smaller sums. 