A Drover's Diary. No. IV. BY ONE OF THEM. MAY 9.—St. Lawrence. Why Saint Lawrence! What on earth had he to do with it. He was, if memory does not deceive me, a saint who was grilled; at least I have, I think, seen him repre- sented in mediaeval pictures, in conjunction with a gridiron. Perhaps there was an Australian saint of the name who suffered martyrdom in Broadsound; perhaps it's called after the St Lawrence in Canada; perhaps—but bother the origin of the name—l'll look up the records of canonisation some other time; meanwhile St. Lawrence town ship awaits description. "I cannot -call thee 'beautiful," said some poet or other, and I must say so of St. Lawrenoe (hang the saints, let's call him Lawrence). As you approach it you see over the town the low-lying marine flat that intervenes between it and the sea ; and around you, melancholy tea-tree forest, littered with fallen branches, the marks of the old hurricane. Everything in Lawrence dates from the hurricane. If you enquire for some- thing in a store that they haven't got, they tell you they had plenty before the storm. The buildings devoted to Government office use are shabby and dilapidated, owing to the storm, and all past circumstances are spoken of as having happened before or after the storm. Looking up to the left the range is a redeem- ing feature in the landscape—bold and rugged, with its dark ravines and brown headlands. Lawrence is very straggling; the houses are not contiguous, and do not therefore present that even uniformity of appearance so desirable in a main street. Its public buildings are not strik- ing, and I can only call it a very uninteresting looking place ; but it is, I expect, more pros- perous than better-looking localities. It is the port whence all the copper from Clermont is shipped, wool also forming a considerable item in the down loading. To see the waggons com- ing down one would think them empty, to little room does a full load of copper occupy. The horses and bullocks don't labor under that mis- take, however; and there are some fine teams both of bullocks and horses to be seen on the road. The road from Lawrence to the Range (Con- nor's Range) traverses ordinary, very ordinary, coast country. The effects of the coarse, poor grass are plainly visible on our horses, who, far from "visibly swelling before our eyes," are doing just the reverse during the last week. The cattle bred here look remarkable well, but any thing brought fresh on to this green, sour country always falls away, even if not worked. Keeping out strange cattle at night in a pleasant job in this long grass. It is something like this :- You are on watch, and everything is suspiciously quiet, when all of a sudden a greeting bellow of welcome gives you timely warning that visitors are approaching. You get your whip, and take the cracker off so as not to disturb your own cattle, and you approach the enemy. They look curiously at you, and begin to give playful little bucks and kicks when you try to drive them away, and seem to say to each other, " Here's a man in a bad temper, let's have a lark with him." You make a vicious out at one, but the light de- ceives you, and you don't hit him. More play ful gamboling, but you don't swear—being a drover your language is temperate. You try to start them again, and get a good chance at one fellow, and he feels it. He looks rather astonished, as much as to say, " Come, old fellow, a joke's a joke," but he moves a little, and you make a rush at the others to put them after him. Your horse stumbles over a fallen tree, and you say "Hold up, can't you," as if he could, but you have managed to get them going, and a judicious flip or two keeps them moving; another stumble, a prop, then a sudden jump, then nearly down in a stump-hole, then crash through dead limbs, that is your experience for the next five minutes. Or just as you think you have hunted them far enough and are about to pull up, your horse is suddenly on his nose, tries to recover—no good, over he goes; and presently you're look ing about for your hat in the grass, and wondering if your saddle-girth is broken, and the air round about gets very thick and sultry, with repressed exhortations now finding vent, and you go back wishing you had pulled up sooner. Of oourse most station cattle are easily shifted, but about a road where there is much traffic like this one, they are very quiet and roguish. When mentioning Lawrence as the shipping port for the copper, I should say that the wharf it four miles away, but there is, or was, only the pilot station then, besides the receiving store. This diary keeps me down to facts too much altogether. I don't get a chance to indulge in romance to any great extent; it's getting frightfully monotonous. I shall have to get up a fiction of some sort or I shall get disgusted. It's astonishing what interest dressing a prosaic object up in fictitious robes possesses. I was looking after a cattle station once, and there was another fellow there who had low tastes like I've got; together we started a comic diary, or what was meant to be a comic diary. In addition to the diurnal task—which we drifted to one another every alternate three days—of illustrating any incidents that might have occurred by a sketch and a bad joke, we also had an appendix to receive the outpourings of our muses. Then was an old yard on the station, a very old yard, very dilapi- dated, a standing reproach. I thought some- thing must be in it more than met the eye, and formed a poetical history for it. I traced its origin back to the days when it must have been built by some prehistoric race, who slaughtered gigantic kangaroos within it . I sang of their loves and their quarrels, told how they dis appeared and left the old yard as the sole memorial of their existence. Told how— For ages, ages didi it there remain Unvisited by either man or ghost, It watched the forest grow where once was plain, But like a sentinel stood to its post Kingdoms were falling, empires changing hands Over the sea thousands of miles away, But there it stood, where even now it stands. Laughed at corruption and defted decay. I traced its history up to the present day, and then stopped. I didn't care about going into futurity. My esteemed coadjutor read it ; he said that I had woven a tissue of romance about the old yard that was perfectly wonderful. "But," he said, "please don't write any more like it; the effect on the mind is too sombre, it casts a glamor of melancholy over the spirit that is depressing." In fact he was so bad that he cast metapho- rical dust and ashes on bis head, and went and sat by the waters of the (no names), and composed a poem on the same subject that capped mine altogether. So with this diary, I'm getting tired of grass and water, or as one of the boys remarked to night, "This adjective country is nothing but wood and water." I made a mistake in starting it ; in fact I wouldn't have done so had not an excited public clamor- ously demanded it ; had not the editor of The Queenslander ofllowed me about with tears in his eyes, begging and praying me to save the paper from ruin by writing it. And when he wept and spoke of the destitution that would follow on my refusal, I relented. l am too softhearted. That's how this diary came to be written. May 11.—We camped at the foot of the range (Connor's Range) last night, and I took advan tage of a full—or almost full—moon to take the bulls up during the small hours of the morning, so as to get all hands at the cattle, for the Con- nor's Range is pretty stiff for anything to go up. I had often read how people, looking over a large extent of level country from the top of a high mountain, were impressed by a sense of dim mysterious vastness, of seeing before them an outspread area of apparently limitless extent, its boundaries fading into impenetrable gloom and shadow, that made a man feel his utter in significance, &c.; Having all this in my memory, I naturally expected that when I reached the top of the range, at about half- past three in the morning, I should experience some of these feelings. It was a mistake—l didn't I lingered on the summit before descending, and tried to start them, but couldn't . I looked down at the forest stretching away to the sea; at the "sea fog landward bound" that was creeping up, and bringing a misty, drizzling rain with it; at the range running away northward, its highest peaks enveloped in vapory clouds, and wreaths of mist like gigantic white ghosts steal- ing up its base from out the valleys. But no sense of awe crept over me. I felt mad. I flattered myself that I had a soul above buttons, and that a scene like the one I was looking at ahould develop the higher sensibilities of that soul, and that, like Simon Tappertit's grinding, " something would come of it :" but nothing came; all I could think of was—bed; how I should like to be able to turn into a comfortable bed, and not have to wake up with cattle on the mind any more. I saw one pretty sight afterwards where we were about two-thirds of the way up with the cattle. The morning was wet and drisly; the country gloomed over with low foggy clouds that hid the horizon altogether. Just after the sun rose a break occurred directly over the arm of the sea that one can see in clear weather. The rift in the clouds was not itself visible, but its effects were. Through the nebulous ashroad that enfolded everything in the distance, sud- denly there shone out two long oval streaks of red gold, the sunlight on the dead, calm sea. Two wonderful lakes they looked like, only an instant, and then disappeared again. I thought I'd got the sensations at last, the beginning of several grand poems began to be formed in my brain, when I saw the lead of the cattle turn on the road down the range. I had to jump off my horse, and run through long wet grass and boulders as big as wool bales until I got ahead of them ; then I pitched over a grass-tree stump; picked myself up with a horrid feeling strong on me that I had broken my favorite pipe ; had another stumble hunting the cattle up on to the road again ; got back, and saw my horse walking away down a ravine ; went after him ; didn't swear! and forgot all about the sublime feelings I had been so anxi- ously endeavoring to cultivate. There were about fifteen waggons camped on the top of the range ; plenty of traffic on the road seemingly. We were on top just as they were making up their fires preparatory to boiling the billy for breakfast .To meet two or three waggons coming down when about half way up with a big mob of cattle would be very disagreeable, so it's as well to be early. We camped on a creek called Stony Creek, about six miles from the top, a rough road all the way. From Stony Creek to Rocky Creek is about nine miles on the main Clermont road. I could find language adequate to describe the road, but it would be too atroug to print All I can say is, that if drovers have souls, and a drover left the top of the range with a soul in a fair way of salvation, when he reached Rocky Creek then would the soul of that drover have lost all chance of redemption ; another star would have fallen. But drovers haven't souls, or if they have, they are lost ones already, so it doesn't matter. We struck Lotus Creek in about five miles from Rocky Creek, and left the main road, turning down an old one leading to Lotus Creek station. The country along the banks of Lotus Creek was the best grassed that we had been on since leaving Marl- borough. The ridges are stony, but the grass sweet, and the small patches of brigalow full of saltbush. The creek itself is a fine, well- watered one. Sheepskin Creek, where I write this, is about ten miles from our last camp, and seven from Lotus Creek station, on the Caradwan road. The country has been ridgy and stony all day, and on our left we skirt a main scrub.' The water in the creek is small in quantity and bad in quality. Just enough to water the cattle, and that's aIl. There are two roads to Nebo from St Lawrence, one this way and the other by Collaroy station. By coming this way you gain, in getting a good road up the range, and lose in every way as soon as you get to the top. This road is far rougher, stonier, longer, and worse watered than the Collaroy one. The road up the range going to Collaroy is the old original road to the north, now fallen quite into disuse, and it is certainly very stiff and very hard to get a dray, up with any load on it; but once on top. although some seven or eight miles of rough hills have to be passed over, this road cannot compare with it for a cattle road. My opinion of it, as yet, is, that its simply infamous, and what we have got ahead of us until we get on to the other road at Funnel Creek I don't know. Like the famous old woman, I hope for the best, but expect the worst. I think that a noctuary would be a great improvement on a diary. It would be a novelty at any rate. It was one of the few things I had reason to be proud of in the course of an eventful life. That I had never kept a diary. Alas, I cannot say so any more; first, that comic diary, now this serious one. Yes, I call it serious advisedly ; it's past a joke to deprive yourself of sweet nature's tired restorer (that quotation's got mixed somehow) for the sake of the public. I wish I had taken that big cheque the editor tried to force on me as a re- tainer before I left; but I said, " Really it's too much trouble to cash it; just send it to an hospital or something, will you, like a good fel- low." I always look upon a diary as a refuge for weak minds, unless, of course, they were busi- ness diaries kept for a purpose. But I mean those gushing diaries one comes across some- times, in which the writer commences with his own soul, and takes note of his inner accusations. Now a noctpary on the road would suit these idiots nicely. Fancy all they could think about during a three hour's watch if the cattle were not troublesome. It would be something in this style :—" One a.m.—Snooks called me to go on watch. Felt very sleepy ; put my right boot on my left foot, and my left one on my right. Had to take them off again. Couldn't find my hat for some time. Snooks said I had been 'an adjective long time coming to relieve him.' When I got out, I tried to show him that I hadn't; but he said, 'O be blowed,' and wouldn't stop. Cattle were all very quiet. The tranquil beauty of the starlit tropical sky impressed me with a sense of soothing calm that was really' quite nice. Thought of past days, and old happy times, &c.;, &c.;, ad lib. Two a.m.—Cattle still very quiet; sat down by the fire on a log, and thought of the sunshine that once shone over my lonely path. Must have insensibly glided into slumber, for remember only somebody shaking me very roughly, and swearing at me. Found I had gone to sleep, and the cattle were stringing away. These prosaic details of duty are only fit for commoner minds than mine." Yes, I think a diary an insipid description of literature. Why then write one ? Cui bono Beeaos* I made a mistake. If I had started it in the form of a romance I could have made myself the hero, and put in hairbreadth •scapes and desperate adventures, in which 1 could have shown myself up in a glow of splendor. That's another reason I have for disliking a diary: my innate modesty recoils at the constant repetition of the first person singular, but the vocal reie'dlt will sound to-morrow morning before there is more than a faint light in the east to tell of coming day, and I'm going to take a turn round the cattle and see if I can't find fault with something, and make myself disagreeable ; so I'll be banged if I scribble auy more to-night; hat shall go to sleep, "to sleep, perchance to dream," Best at anyrate; nuisance to have to ink* again, better to— '■']'■"• ''Beat, whera welAjthMdeap m '. In thy lone t*d; : ... ,_ . >-Toon neTof more to weep, ' . " " Vi&il; nor ward to koep, , Folded at liwt toalfcep,' ' ■■ '•■■ > Fttacatotbedsodi. . . ■ i. I 