[ATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE^ VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. KILMORE CONVENT BAZAAR. In our advertising columns are published the winning numbers of the artunion drawings in connection with the Kilmore Convent Bazaar. At Mrs. Hunt's stall there were three of these—one at 5s. a ticket, a second at 33., and a third at 2s. 6d. Misses Goerman and Laffan had also three, at the following prices, respectively—5s., 3s., and 2s. 6d. There were four at Misses Dowling and Flury's stall, viz., at 5s., 2s. 6d., 2s. 6d., and Is. Miss M'Donald had but one. We are glad to hear that the proceeds are likely to amount to about £1000. O BELONG ORPHANAGES. The annual collection in aid of the Catholic Orphanages at Geelong was made in the churches of Melbourne on Sunday last. The aggregate sum realised was £61 4s. 9d. The preachers in the Metropolitan Church, were the the Rev. P. J. Aylward, in the forenoon, and the Rev. M. Carroll in the evening, both of whom advocated the claims of the charities. PENTECOST SUNDAY. On to-morrow the Feast of Pentecost, or the Descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles, his Grace the Archbishop will impart the Papal Benediction in the Metropolitan Church immediately after the 11 o'clock Mass. To-day, the vigil of the Feast, is a day of fast and abstinence. IiECTURB BY FATHER BARRY, O.S.B. On Thursday week the Rev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., delivered an able, thoughtful, and instructive lecture in St. John's Church, Hoddle- street, East Melbourne, on the subject of "Authority." The reverend lecturer dealt with his subject in a comprehensive and exhaustive manner, and was listened to throughout with unflagging interest and attention. The Hon. M. A. M'Donnell occupied the chair. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks to the reverend lecturer was moved by Mr. Montgomery, seconded by Mr. W. A. B. Tobin, and carried most warmly. A vote of thanks to the learned chairman waB moved by Mr. J. B. Denny, seconded by Mr. C. A. Tracy, and carried with cordiality. In addition to the lecture, a concert was given on the same occasion. Master Keenan played a variety of lively airs on the piano with considerable effect. Miss M'Donnell and Mr. Spicer sang a duet in a really artistic manner and excited genuine applause. Mr. P. W. M'Nally and Mr. M. J. O'Brien sang solo pieces, which were well received, and a young lady from St. Kilda played some airs on the piano in a very skilful way. The attendance was very good. The proceeds have been devoted to the making of a variety of needed improvements at St. John's. At the close of his lecture, Father Barry announced that on the 13th inst., a concert of Moore's Irish melodies, with commentaries by the Rev. W. Kelly, S. J., would be delivered in the Fitzroy Town Hall, when his Worship the Mayor of Fitzroy (Mr. D. Mahoney), would take the chair. NEW CHURCH AT OAKLEIGH. The foundation stone of the new church of St. Alipius, at Oakleigh, about four miles from Brighton, was laid on Sunday last by his Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Goold, O.S.A., Archbishop of Melbourne. A large number of Catholics of the district were' present on the occasion. The building which is now used as a hapel is a wooden one that is found _un« uitable to the increasing congregation. he new church will be composed of rick, in style will be of the Gothic order of architecture, and, when completed, will be a handsome structure. The rchitect is Mr. Hennessy, of Swanstontreet, who is the architect of the new hurch now in course of erection at andridge. The cost of the building will e about £800, and it is expected to be ompleted before the close of the present ear. The occasional sermon on Sunday as preached by the Rev. Father Kelly, .J., of St. Patrick's College. Before he congregation separated a collection as made in aid of the building fund, hich realised over £50. Oakleigh is ithin the ecclesiastical district of righton, of -which the Rev. P« 'Carthy and the Rev. M. Carey are he pastors. SCHOOL PICNIO. The 24th ultimo was a happy day for be children attending the St. Francis' chool, Curlewis, for on that date their eacher, Miss Stow, gave them a picnic. he arrangements were admirable, and he enjoyment of the children was unounded. After morning prayers at the hurch, they marched in procession, eaded by St. Mary's fife and drum band, o Mr. Devise's estate on the beach, here' they indulged in pastimes and rolics of all kinds. They were abundntly supplied with refreshments of he meat suitable and acceptable kind, : indeed nothing rw*s l«ft< nndond by f < -"5It8i5'Bto w ilid liefisnatBtitB tocontribijte: : -Ib'tfieir anlasement. : ''Miss" St6wVho$pi->i taljty was also extehded* to'nnnterouB' : rjvieiwr/ij.nonepif whorii'ftpiild havefailed. |pbServe:Jioffi completely her cpinbinedi and. firmness had brought the • little ,,ones under control and attached oithem to their teacher. ,The children frev tnmed in the order in which they marv-ched/ out, the band -again playing lively, and the little- processionists occasionally enlivening their march with merry song : -and chorus.' Miss Devine very kindly . assisted' Miss Stow in attending to the wants of' the Children during the day. THE CRUSADE. .. . ,lhe weekly meeting of this temperande • society.was held in the Guildhall, Richmond, on Tuesday evening ; the president, Mr. Beauchamp, in the chair. • The secretary read a letter which he had received from Richmond, .Tasmania, applying for copies of the rules of the • society. Eight persons took the pledge, and were , admitted members of the society '; eight' candidates were proposed for membership. THE MAGDALEN ASYLUM BAZAAR. A meeting for the purpose of initiating this year's bazaar in aid of the , Magdalen Asylum, was held at the Convent on Wednesday afternoon, there • was a large attendance of ladies. The following gentlemen were present, Very Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., Rev. J. Dalton, S.J., Rev. J., P. O'Sullivan, Rev. W. Kelly, S. J., Rev. T. M. 0'Callaghan,Rev. E. Nolan, S.J., P. O'Brien, J.P., G. -Bennett, J.P., Messrs. Buckly, R. S. Stanley; and J. Winter. Mr. O'Brien, on being voted to the chair, explained the objects of the meeting, and paid a high complimentto the management of the institution. Beforfe the business commenced it ? was resolved, on'the motion of the Rev. J. • Dalton, S.J,, that this meeting expresses ;,its regret at the great loss which the in- I'stitution has. suffered by the death of the . late Hon. M. O'Grady. The rev. gentle- , man in feeling terms alluded to the very ' many services rendered by the deceas ed : gentlemen. It was decided to hold the '.bazaar on the first week in November. 'Messrs. P. O'Brien, R. Feehan, P. •Mornane, T. A. Kelly, and J. Buckly, ' Were appointed a committee to engage a ; iuitable'hall, and make the other neces- > sary arrangements. It was decided to have six stalls, with a flower stall and a refreshment stall. The following ladies • Signified their intention of taking stalls and assisting at the bazaar : — Stall: f Lady O'Shannassy, Mrs. Archer, Misses \- Bennett, Miss Orosbie, Misses Kirby, Miss A.Gunson, Miss Ryan. —Stall: Lady Duffy, Mrs. Tobin, Mrs. Brownless, and ' MiSs Gunson. —Stall: Mrs. P. J. Martin, \- and Misses Hayes. — Stall: Mrs. Norris. — Stall : Mrs. D. Duffy, Mrs. Feehan, Mrs. M'Intosh. — Stall: Mrs. Counsel, o Mrs. Etsden, and Mre. Taylor. Refreshment stall : Mrs. Head, Mrs. Hoelsken and Miss Murphy. Flower : Mrs. S. V. Winter and Miss Stark. The allotment of the stalls will take place at a future meeting. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the business of the meeting to a: close. {From our own Geelong Correspondent.) CONVENT ASSOCIATION OF CHILDREN OF MARY. The half-yearly reception in connection with' this association took place in the convent chapel on Wednesday, the 24th •ulfti the Feast of Our Lady, Help of Christians. The Rev. J. Dalton, S.J., spiritual director, officiated, and admitted eight young ladies into the .association with the usual ceremonies. After the re-' ception Father Dalton preached a sermon appropriate to the occasion. ASCENSION THURSDAY. At the eight o'clock Mass, at St. Mary's, an Ascension Thursday, a procession^ reception, and general communion of Children of Mary took place, the Venerable the 1 Archdeacon officiating. In the evening the Rosary waB recited, followed by Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. • The. usual weekly meeting of this asso- ' ciation was held on Friday evening, the 26th ult. ; the president, Mr. P. Wiley, in the chair._ Two candidates for membership were "ad mitted. Some discussion . arose with respect to the date on which "the entertainment in aid of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul should be given, and if was ultimately decided that a committee, consisting of Messrs. Wiley, Byrne, Hogan, Carroll, O'Neil, Crohan, and ,Holden, be empowered to make all the necessary arrangements for the successful carrying out of the entertainment. The desirability of adding some new books to the library was brought under the notice of the meeting, and the general committee was instructed to prepare a list and Bubmit it on the next evening. The ront.ine business having been disposed of, Mr.XT. Carroll read an original essay on " The Study of English Literature." In a very. icreditaLle manner (the essayist enumerated the advantages to be derived from a, .careful, and $yatpn)aticj sfcndytff English literature, .giving a,-brief Isicietehi o£«ach ofthe il lustrious poets and prosei fWfiters.iroili MjltOn rand 'Addison, to Tennyson and Dickons. - Theessay was irbst attentively, listened. to by thp-jnembersy .by whom it,was Afterwards,favourably critioised. ' ST. -JOSEPH'S' INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL. The annual charity sermon in aid of St. Joseph's Industrial- School, under the care of the SiBters of Mercy, waB preached 1 after 'the' 11 o'clock M»bs at St.. Mary's, on SundaSy last, by the Rev. M. Watson, S.J. ' Father -Watson took for his text the following-extract from the epistle of the Sunday :—But before all things have a constant mutual charity amongst yourselves, for charity covereth a multitude of sins." Ho (the preacher)' had that morning visited the institution whose claims on the charity of the faithful he was there to advocate, and he had found everything in good order, and had seen ample evidences of 'the kind maternal care of the Sisters of Mercy. But he .could not have helped noticing that the Sisters had not accommodation adequate to the numbers committed to' their 'charge, an'd the Government would not 'contribute a grant in aid unless private charity had subscribed a proportionate amount. Be felt sure that he had only to mention the fact in order to stimulate their charity. Father Watson then went on to show that charity was in every age the characteristic mark of the Catholic Church, in- proof of which he adverted to the various religious orders of men and women established for the education of the'children of the poor and the relief of suffering humanity. The preacher concluded an able addresB with an eloquent appeal on behalf of the industrial school. The sum of £40 was collected at St. Mary's and SS. Peter and Paul's in aid of that deserving institution. A NEW SCHOOL. The necessity of a local school has long been experienced by the Roman Catholics resident at the Breakwater, a rising township situated at a distance of three miles from Geelong, and the site of the first station on the line in course of con struction between Geelong and Colac. To adopt measures to supply the want, a meeting of parents and parties interested was held on Sunday afternoon last, in the building hitherto used for Sundayschool purposes. There was a large attendance at the meeting, almost every Catholic family in the locality being represented, and the Venerable the Archdeacon occupied^ the chair. It was stated that an average attendance of between 70 and 100- would easily be maintained. There was no mistaking the feeling of earnestness that pervaded the meeting, as all those present promised to do their utmost to make the school a success. The services of an efficient teacher have been secured, and it was decided to open the school on Monday, 5th June. 