— — j C|e Cjjonkk ! THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1876. The Mortlake Shire Council " hit a blot" at their last meeting in the man agement of their contracts, which it is to be hoped does not apply to other Shire Councils, however much it may be feared. They have been inthehabititseems of allowing contractors to enter upon works they undertook to perform, with out insisting on the payment of the deposit on the contract, and without having the Council's seal affixed to it. This came out in connection with an enquiry as to how Contractor Foley, who left his contract long ago, stood with the Council, and the general opinion seemed to be, that, as the due formalities had not been observed with reference to Foley's contract, " there could be no contract existing." There was another matter mentioned at the last meeting of the Mortlake Shire Council, deserving of still more notice than the foregoing, and that is, that ' the Secretary had expressed himself to the effect, that he had a great diffi culty in getting contractors to come up and omplete their contracts before tliey pro ceeded to. go ,on with the work." That should Be met, Mr. Grieve thought, i>y compelling the contractor to take up his contract in accordance with the rules of the Council within a specified time from the acceptance of tenders, and when asked by Mr. T. F. Gumming what object contractors could have in hanging on without fulfilling the con ditions of their contracts, Mr. Giueve replied, "the use of their deposit money." There might, however, be another reason, as in Foley's case, where a valueless cheque appears to have been given, and that is, either a desire on the part of the Engineer to deal tenderly with the contractor under cer tain circumstacnes, or a desire on the part of the contractor to free himself of his contract, if lie found it not likely to pay. These two things-mar, indeed, be thought to so run iu to each other as not to be clearly distinguishable, hut it will require no great amount of ingenuity to show that they are tar from being one and the same, and that they should be kept distinct in a consideration of the general question. The Engineer, for instance, may have left himselt iu the power of the contractor, say, by faulty specifications, which lie would not like to have pointed out, but which the con tractor might insist upon doing, if kept in other respects to the hard and fast line of his contract. There should, in any case, be no loop-hole left for any thing of the kind, and what has just happened in the Mortlake Shire Council with regard to Foley's contract will, we hope, be accepted by the Hampden Shire Council, and all other Shire Councils, as a useful and very important lesson. This case is, however, to be brought on again at the next meeting of the Mortlake Shire Council, and we may, therefore, have another opportu nity of referring to it. Mr Thomas Bent has not taken much by his motion in banco to be recognised as a councillor of the City of Melbourne, viee Patterson, elected mayor. The three judges in full court refused, and more than refused, the claim. They scouted it, as being utterly unreasonable, and based on a ridiculously false reading of the Act in that case made and provided. It is amazing, indeed, how any rational human being could have taken up the opposite notion ; and yet we find a lawyer of some eminence not only adopting it, but urgning astutely in support of it. A more remarkable instance of legal casu istry has not appeared in print for some time. As the matter in some degree concerns all municipal bodies, it may bo worth while to repeat the main facts embraced in it. Mr. Patterson, a coun cillor in the City Corporation, retired by lotationon the 1st N ovember last. He had previously, however -that is to say, on the 9th October— been chosen mayor elect for the following year. The Act provides that a councillor so chosen shall continue to be a member of the council until the expiry of one year after the termination of. his office as mayor. This seems clear enough ; but to make assu rance doubly sure, Mr. Patterson retired from his office as councillor, offered him self for re-election, and was elected by a majority of 955 to 41 over his opponent, Mr. Thomas Bent. Thereupon the latter claimed to have been lawfully — not de feated, but — elected, on the ground that there had really been no contest at all seeing that Mr. Patterson was already a councillor by virtue of his office as mayor elect ! Oil this claim of the defeated candidate, issue was joined, and the case was argued before the three judges on Monday last. Now, common sense would say that if, even upon Mr. Bent's own showing, Mr. Patterson had not vacated his seat at all, but was still a councillor there was no vacancy to be filled up, and therefore the election was an empty form. But common sense and claimants of the Bent stamp have very little connexion indeed. Happily, however, the three judges and the law were all on the side of the former, and dead against tb« latter. In very brief terms the Chief Justice — his .two colleagues coinciding ruled that Mr. Patterson's being chosen mayor elect in no way altered the con stitution of the Council, and, therefore did not create a vacancy ; that mayor elect is not, pioperly speaking, an office and that, consequently, Mr. Thomas Bent had not the ghost of a claim to be considered a councillor. This settled the matter, and at the same time determines the law on the point. No similarly absurd claim can henceforth be ever set up again. True, Mr. Bent then shifted his ground, and set up a plea of a different kind, namely, that Mr. G. D. Carter next in rotation to Mr. Patterson, should have gone out of office, in which he was in like manner, defeated. That was another matter altogether, however, and what remains clear, after all the 'legal logic-chopping and straw-splitting has been exhausted is this— that plain com mon sense is the soundest interpreter of municipal law after all. This being so there is no reason in the world why- municipal councils and other local bodies should waste the funds at their command in paying for legal opinions on the ri«ht interpretation of their acts of incorpora tion, upon every occasion of a trifling difficulty arising. In Mr. Thomas Bent's case there lias simply been a considerable mis-expediture of time and money in determining that plain words have a plain meaning, even in an act of Parlia ment, which no legal sophistry can set aside or pervert. All who follow Mr. Bent's example should be required to pay the money out of their own pockets. Sir Hercules Robinson's address at Deniliquin on Thursday last was a very seasonable one— not second to that of the previous day on the subject of immigra tion, upon which the press has commented so favorably. His Excellency has the happy knack of combining deep earnest ness of thought with such little illustra tive pleasantries as never fail to make bis addresses attractive, and on no politi- -'jl. question has he more strongly ex hibited this, than he did in his address at Deniliquin on the uses to which the land in these colonies should be put. Standing, as he must have done on that occasion! among men about equally divided on the land, question squatters and selectors — - Sir Hercules, regardless of whether he pleased or displeased one party or the other, did not hesitate to allude to the general principles on which the public estate should be appropriated thus : - " First, I take it the object sought to be accomplished is the homestead settle ment of the country. Whether this is effected on a pastoral or agricultural basis, is, I think, not of much conse quence, so long as you have an industrious and thrifty people located on the land, and living on the produce of the soil in solid comfort and individual independ ence, At this His Excellency was greeted with applause— most probably by those who took a meaning out of the word " homestead," which His Exellency never intended to put into it— as mark what follows - Secondly, it should be borne in mind that whatever the land can most profitably produce, whether it be cattle,_sheep, corn;; wine, tobacco, silk or sugar/that is the form m which it will eventually be employed. (Hear, Hear.) No legislation can permanently alter this, and any attempt to contravene this natural law by artificial regulations and restrictions will prove not only ineffectual but mischievous, a force pump will drive water up-hill so long as it is in a pipe. But what when you get to the end of the pipe' The water wili then find its level, and ffie higher you pump it tho greater tho force with which jt win rush to its natural destination. Many years ago an anciont female relative of iiiine, whose remarks were often as deep as those of Mr. F.'s aunt in reference to the " milestones on the Dover road," returned to Ireland after a trip through the manufacturing districts of Lancashire. Her kind heart bled for the miseries of the people of Ireland after thefamine of 1846, and she confided to me in all seriousness, as the solution of the Irish difficulty, that all that was wanted was that Go vernment should build there some manufacturing towns. (Laughter.) The remedy thus suggested was, you will agree with me, somewhat unpractical, but it was not in reality much more absurd than would be any attempt here to divert the land from its natural and most profitable employment. By keeping leading principles of this kind in view, this difficult land ques tion may, I think, be settled without giving rise to any serious permanent antagonism between classes. (Applause.) With millions upon millions of unalien ated public land, there is surely room enough and to spare for all. I trust, therefore, that through the wisdom of the Legislature this matter may be ad justed in a spirit that will leave no heritage of bitter ness or hate behind, so that the future Historian of Australia, when describing the foundation upoii which was built hp the prosperity of what will then be ofie Of the great nations of the earth, will be able truth fully to paraphrase the words of the Lavs ok Ancient Rome, and say — " Then none was for a party, Then all were for the state, Then the great man helped the poor, And the poor man loved the great ; Tho soil was fairly portioned, The lands were fairly sold, i Australians were like brothers, In the brave days of old. " Now, whether people will see it or not, the solid, weighty, and profound senti ment, which runs throughout the whole j of this, is, that nothing should be forced, in our attempts to develope the resources, or to ascertain the capabilities of a country. We must neither fly against nature in our attempts at an equal parti tion of the country, without regard to the ability of persons to purchase and pro fitably occupy, it nor in squandering money on the introduction of manufactures, which might be more advantageously laid out ia some other way. As in nature, there is first the blade, next the ear, then the full corn in the ear, so in the history of all countries, there are distinct stages of development. Without people to till the soil, and markets for agricultural produce, it is labor in vain ro seek to set aside pastoral pursuits, and without a large country population, and foreign markets to take off our goods, manufac tures must be.introducedat a loss. Every- thing will find its level, and all must be taken in its proper order. That is our reading of this portion of Sir Hercules Robinson's address, and it is strictly in accordance with that fundamental axiom in political economy, that there is no way of advancing the interests of a country but by haying regard to its specialties. In everything, let nature be followed : in nothing, any attempts at forcing: then things will find their own level, and all will be right in the end. A few more such sound pieces of advice as this would do the coloui st a world of good, if Sir Hercules could only at the same time give people sense enough to take it. A few publications back, we called atten tion to the probability of our being fore stalled in the Br .tish market for butchers' meat by the Americans, who are now shipping it thither in large quantities, but we had not then room for the follow ing from the Sydney Morning Herald's London correspondent on the same sub ject : — The meat question has cropped up again, partly by reason of the success of the American fresh meat" ex periment. The other day thirty-three tons of unsound English meat Were seized and eomdemned. On the very same day several tons of fresh meat arrived from Texas in splendid condition, and found a readv sale. In fact American fresh moat commands a high price in Newgate market, and the wholesale and retail butchers purchase it with readiness. The first sale of American meat was held on the 5th June, when 100 carcases of beef and i2 of mutton were disposed of. Since then about 150 carcases on the average have been sold weekly. Last week 210 carcases were sold, and on Wednerday evening there might have been seen passing through the streets of Glasglow to the cattle market the uncommon procession of 83 lorries, each laden with three tolls of butchers' meat. The freight paid for carriage to Glasgow, Liverpool, and London, last week amounted to £1900. Altogether, since the importation began , a million and a quarter pounds of dead meat have been sold in Glasgow. About 1000 cattle. were last week exposed of iu Glasgow market and of these 365, dead and alive, were imported from America. Cattle killed on Tuesday in New York are sold that day fortnight in Glasgow. In course of a month or so the importation of live cattle will cease for the winter, but arrangements are being made for increasing the dead meat supply, and it is expected to be not less all the winter than 200 carcases a week An attempt will be made in a few days to introduce the American article into the Lancashire market and there is every indication that the new trade will' soon become sufficiently important to affect prices and even the imports of preserved meats from the colonies The meat invariably arrives in prime condition, and is generally reailed as English. In this, as in a lady's letter, the sub stance, so far as it affects us, lies in the postscript. "The imports of preserved meats from the colonies" - the Australian colonies, of course — are likely to be affected by these shipments of fresh meat from America to the British market, and witn that also, the price of sheep and cattle here. We seldom take np a Mel bourne weekly live stock report without finding that the purchases of one or other of the meat preserving companies have greatly influenced the prices of sheep in the market. But how will it be, if these large imports of fresh meat into the British markets should shut out our pre served meats ? This is a matter well de serving of consideration, and should make us long for the success of Mr. Mort's scheme, or some similar and better one. America would not allow us to send our meats to her market, without imposing a heavy duty upon them, but she is quite welcome to send hers to ours, thanks to England's free-trade policy, without paying a single cent in the shape of duty. A letter has been received by the secre tary of the Camperdown Railway League from the Hon. Niel Black, M.L.C., urging the deputation appointed at last week's meeting to proceed to Melbourne as speedily as possible. It has not yet been decided when they go, but, probably, on or about Monday next. There is no longer any doubt as to who will have to pay the costs in the late equity suit — the Attorney-General on the relation of Peter M 'Arthur, v. the Hampden Shire Council. His Honor Judge Molesworth gave his decision in court yesterday, that they should be divided into six parts, and that each of the parties to the suit should pay one-sixth. In other words, that Messrs Ower, Scott, Walker, Mack, and Mac- donald should pay one-sixth each, and the shire council, having been made a party to the suit, the remaining sixth. As yet, nothing certain is known as to what the costs will be, but sufficient, no doubt, te deter those who have to pay them from rushing so madly into law again. The Government were defeated on Tuesday evening on their proposals for the purchase of the Hobson's Bay Railway, in a very full house, by a majority of nine. This was effected by an intrigue between the gentle men on the front opposition benches, who were opposed to its purchase at any price, and by those in the two opposition corners who wished to fix the price at £80 per share. When the gentlemen in the ominsi- tion corner, Mr. Service, Sir CharJes Gavau Duffy, and Mr. Casey saw the trap they had fallen into, and that the gentlemen on the front opposition benches, Messrs. Berry, Longmore, and others, did not wish the business to be further proceeded with, they left the House in disgust, and the question was left just where "Sir James M'Oulloch wished it to be left. How that will affect the Railway Management Bill, and Railway Construction Bill, remains to be seen. As yet, on that point, Ministers have, so far as we are aware, made no sign. Ilie Assam, with the English mail on board, was signalled off Glenelg yesterday afternoon. jShe will probably be in Hob- son's Bay to-morrow, and we may expect our letters and papers down on .Saturday morning. The news has, of course, all been anticipated by the restoration of the sub marine cable. It was stated in our last that a meeting had just been held in Mortlake, at which a committee was appointed to secure the ser vices of a medical man of professional com petency and good moral character, and that those present at the meeting pledged them- selves to support none other! This, it must be confessed, is a somewhat unusual course, and we are not at all surprised since to learn that some of those present at the meeting, and who did not vote for the appointment of the committee, take exception to that course, and do not hold themselves hound by it, notably, the chairman, Thomas Dow- ling, Esq., and the Rcy. E. M. Dubois, Yet | when we take into consideration liow many drunken doctors the residents in different parts of the Western District have had to put up with, and how these have thrust out able rand better men, we must admit that there is some justification of this course, and that it would have met with our entire approval, had it been in the hands of those societies from which medical men in the district derive a large measure of their sup port. Still, no one can fairly object to con certed action on the part of those Who attended this meeting to protect the com munity either from unskilful or otherwise unreliable medical practitioners, and we are not without hope that the meeting will lead to some good practical result. If it only has the effect of leading those seeking tb have the lives and health of ourselves and families placed in their hands to see what is expected of them, it will not be without its use. There must be something radically wrong in our system of valuation, or we should not so frequently hear of appeals against assess: ments. This, we think, arises in most cases from the lion-employment of experts to make the valuations, and our opiniou is, that none but experts sheuld be so employed The cost of the valuations would, doubtless be increased by this, but the shire councils would be gainers by it in the end. Last year Mr. George Armitage, of the Ingleby Estate, Winchelsea, appealed against the assessment of his property, and gained the day, letting the shire council in for the costs of the appeal. This year the same valuer was employed, Mr. Elkington, and, although Mr. Armytage's rates have been reduced, it is said, one-half, his agents have given notice of appeal again. Particulars of this are held over for the present, but we shall closely watch the case, which is to be heard at the Geelong Court of General Ses sions between the 15th and 19th inst. An intimation was made by the Govern ment some months ago of the reservation of a site for a market place at Camperdown, and Mr. James Dawson, at whose instance this was done, applied to the Government to have this reserve placed in the hands of trustees. In reply to this application, Mr. Dawson has received a letter from the office of Lands and Survey, stating that, having regard to the 21st part of the Local Govern ment Act of 1874, it is not considered ad visable to appoint individual persons trus tees of market reserves, as such action would probably interfere with the control of such reserves, which has been conferred on the shire councils by such act. The 21st part of the act certainly confers on shire councils the power of providing market places, but the site reserved for this purpose has not yet been handed over to the Hampden Shire Council, and if not vested in individual persons, it is quite time it was vested in them. An accident, which, we are sorry to say, terminated fatally, occurred to a young man named James Warner, employed by the Messrs. C. and A. K. Finlay, at Glenor miston. From information received, we learn that the deceased was, with two other young men, returning home at a rather rapid pace on (Saturday night last from the Mount Noorat Hotel, and, when near the station, deceased, who was riding behind the other two, was missed, and on being searched for was discovered lying on the ground insensible, his head being underneath a wire fence, and liis saddle three or four yards from him with the girths broken. His companions at once conveyed deceased to the station, but he never became conscious, and died about a quarter of an hour aiter the accident occurred, and before Dr. M'Leau, who had been sent for arrived. An inquest was held oh the body of the deceased at the station ou Monday morning last, belore F. H. Buckle, Esq., and a jury of twelve, when the evidence given was to the same effect as the foregoing. Dr. M ' Lean stated at the inquest that he had made a 'post mortem examiuation of the body of the deceased, and found that he died from fracture of the skull, caused by a fall from his horse. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. The funeral of the unfortunate young man passed through Camperdown on Monday afternoon last, to the Colac ceme tery, where deceased was buried. At the lerang Police Court on Monday, Will Toll, the particulars of whose arrest were given in our last issue, was brought up before F. H. Buckle, Esq., J. P., and D. Mackinnon, Esq., J. P. , charged by Sergeant Toohey with committing a rape upon a married woman named Gallagher, at Garvoc iu 1871. Sergeant Toohey stated that Mr. Picken had been retained for the defence of the prisoner, but was unable to be present owing to pressure of business in Melbourne.' The Bench thought it better, under the cir cumstances, to remand the prisoner until next court day, which they accordingly did further evidence to be collected in the mean! time. After two or three debt cases, in whitth rlnrtrefl wapp rriir»r» >«,/! a:. ...... . i , 7 wcoii uisposea or, the oourt adjonrtted. On Saturday next our local cricket club will play then first match this season on the Colac ground, with eleven of that club The following team, which will represent j Camperdown, arc requested to meet at the I Loura Hotel at 8 o'clock sharp 011 Saturday j morning at which hour they will j start for Colac : — Messrs. J. Thornton, (captain), T.Colburn, C. Henry, A. Scott E. R. Green, C. Grace, P. Tait, W. Brain ley' J. C. Allen, 11. Hyde, and J. Curdie ; w' Brown, scorer, and A. Wright, umpire The Colac eleven will be chosen from Messrs Archer, Armtield, Aruott, Drew. Flahive Greene, A. Hancock, Knights, (J. Murray' Robertson, Sunderland, Skene, and Shack'- lock. We are favored by Mr. Stevenson, the photographer, who is at present on a busi ness visit to Camperdown, with a piioto of the Clydesdale entire " Marquis of Lome " owned by Mr. D. F. Moodie, of Pombo'r- neit. The horse is well brought out, clear and sharp, in the picture, which can be seen at the saloon, next the Mechanics' In stitute. We recommend owners of stock to at least see this photograph. The entertainment in aid of the Camper down Cricket Club to be given by the mem bers of the Camperdown Dramatic Society, will take place in two or three weeks. The pieces to be played on the occasion are ' 1 addy Miles's Boy," and "Brother Bill and Me." The first rehearsal took place ou Monday last, and from what he hear, we think the pieces will make a greater im pression on the large audience which is sure to attend, than tlie last did. On Friday and Saturday next the " Vic torian Blondin" is announced to appear at Camperdown, and from what we see of tlie notices of his entertainment in other dis tricts, we think his appearance here will be a t'-eat for the Camperdown folks. He is to appear near the Mechanics' Institute in a large tent which will be erected for the occasion. 