MR. HENRY TALBOT AS HAMLET, In making this fresh essay to revive the legitimate drama the managers of tbe Royal are entitled to every credit, especially when it is remembered that it ia not so very long since they experienced a failure in producing the classi- cal drama. The production of Hamlet on Saturday was a creditable one. The scenery, the Court-yard Castle scene especially, was excellent, aud tbe dresses and general ap. pointments were passably good. The atten dance of the public was, let it be hoped, as augury of success in the future, indicating that tbe popular mind has resolved to hare, for a time at least, plays with some stamina in them. From floor to ceiling tbe house was crowded, the stalls and pit pre- seating nothing but . a . dtuue in nf heads.. When Mr. Tatyot 'appeared be received. marked and cordial welcome, and daring the performance he was called before the curtain several times. He is not a star by any means, but he is a most diligent, in telligent and capable actor. His features - and figure are all in his favor, but his voice lacks that clear, hell-like, far- reaching power possessed by some men, whoso clearly enun- ciated words can be distinctly heard all over a large building when tbey speak above a whisper. He has, too, that pernicious habit affected by men of less ability— a stage strut. Sprawling feet, cloak-lifting, ostrich steps and grotesque and unnatural attitudes only "make the judicious grieve." It must be said to Mr. Talbot's crodit that he is in no sense a ranter. He does not overact a single part, his fault lies rather in forgotting the direction "be not too tame, neither." With all his imperfections Mr, Talbot is a man of undoubted talent, and above all he is intelli gent, conscientious and scrupulously paini- taking, even to trifles. His acting on Satur day was just sufficiently in advance of the rest of the company to mark him aa the leader, and yet enough in unison to mako his playing harmonise with that of his fellow-actors. Before entering on a general analysis of the performance of the leading actor a few passing and not un friendly comments may be made on the act ing of those who sustained the principal characters. Miss Carey received a moet cordial welcome from the audience on her re appearance. She sustained the part , of Ophelia allotted to her with great ability throughout. Mr. Appleton, aa tbe usurping king, waa not up to the mark. It was not to be expected that he would step out of the light comedy acting in which he has been en gaged for some time past' with so much credit to himself into tragedy, with out importing the tamenoss of .the former into the sternness of the latter. In his soli loquy in. his chamber, Air. Appleton's facial expression . and declamation were much too placid. As the King in public Mr. Appleton did very well, though he failed W indicate the conscienoe.Btrioken starts a guiltjr man would now and then exhibit. But m t he Becret recesses of his chamber his whole nature should be changed. The assumed calm should leave his face, and every tone of his voice should tell that his mind was torn by ambition, conflicting with guilty fear and remorse. Mrs.Bryertookthepsrtof theQueen of Denmarkmnehbetterthanmighthave been expected, considering how much it is ow e! her proper line of acting. As soon ns Miss Blanche Stammers is relieved "om the drudgery to whioh she has been put at the Opera House, she might as well be cast for the part of Queen. If made np properly she would look and act the part well. Mr. ' Dampier as Ghost is somewhat ponderous in tone and manner, and very far from text perfect. Considering how versatile and capable an aotor he is, better things might have been expected from him. By the way , would it not be an excellent opportunity now for the management to introduce the Pepperiau ghost! A fonrteen-stone man clad in armor, and covered with a few yards of green gauze, looks very substantial, but the thin shadowy form as produced by mirror reflection on a plain glaas wonldmsk. a realistic ghost. To return to Mr. Talbot's performance of Hamlet. It seems that his rendering of the chww on Saturday was much too lacked the lire and passion of a man (naturally of a nervous and mpuUi nature), whose feelings had been etimd to their inmost depths. Mr. T.lbot eviden adopts the theory that Hamlet ? mad, but had merely assumed aeration of the intellect the better to effect h s jrar- KTbeor toirhe Sb -g.-g rLassAStf-r-e of a man in the not of cogitating on s pro found problem he had long been in his mind, and on which he k»d only, at tbe time of apeaking, come to determination. Mr. falbot -p«£ £ speech trippingly on the tonpie, » heart-learnt speech pnt into his in ' s smother. But of right it onght tocom.Ji slowly, breath by breath, a» ponderous factor of the JF i,v an Mem is laboriously evolved .by overwrought and tronbl®£ -Si bot lacks instructing the playera, too. Mr. TMbot» tbe zest of a teaoher. who knows ffiatever thine in his scheme depends for su the nptitude and skill of h onght to speak like a mM» w no drill truths into the pato of bands perfect i& his wine» to haw a very clear perception of what Hamlet ought to lie, but he aeeine I lack that rare power of making himself Hamlet for the time being. It . „a( to be expected, however, that every thing will fit into its proper groove on the first night. Each evening the performance cm,ht to improve aa it goes on. Defective nit is in many respects, it is an infinite im provement, as an entertainment, on anything he public have had for a long time past, aai if the effort to revive Shakspeare for a uason is duly appreciated and fairly sup- mrtcd by the public, playgoer in general JS benefit by the change. 