THrE rnemies of the ieople are org nising their forces and plan of opera tions for tihe coming political campaign. With purse-proud confidence in the omnipotent power of "the almighty dollar,"' they-like the autocrrtic Rus sian Bear, with an arroganit assumption of confidence in his illimitable material resources--make no secret of their policy and its designs, hut dlefiantly "show. their hands," as much as to say-" Beat that if yoi can !" The very liberties of the people are threat ened 'upon, the one hand, by34 an Electoral Bill designed and calculated to neutralise and set aside' the system of representative government guaran teed by the Colistitution, vz., that of representation based upon population and by a sibstietutieon of a. combiha tion basis kf prloperty, district, local, bnsiness, and personal influences, to swamp the interests of the Liberal party, the vote of the workling classes, andti thle influence and representatipn of the people in the Parliimentary institu tions df the counitry. While, on the other hand,t a further reduction of the political iinfluence of the* people is sought to be brought about by; an assault upon .the material interests of the laboring classes, by an open dcla-, rationl of " war' to the Iknife" ,against. Protection, whichl, involvcs,: of course, the destrnctisn, of colonial mnufac tures, ann "the estinguishlment of nastie industries," as tlhe.avowed object of the Freetrade party; expressed: by its. apostles, Messrs: Muvnniar ' SITer, LNGoTON', aid othbeit.":It' is ;f' tlie latter designis: if the" enemie ?of the people, directed to tlhe k'iundeimininig and subversioie of Protection, that ave purpose now dealing. " To be fore warned is to be forearmed,!" .and' in estimatilg the claimns-of Protection to the coid~tiniied l:confidelise of the p?eolle of Viptoria, that it may be permitted a further triial, o:r rather ian extension of timue to. complete its contract-which. heretofore lims" been: so : marvellously well executed-ltodevdlop and foster halanufactures, and establish,native and nio-el induitries iii this cdiutry, tliere must also be taken into tleeicalculation, tihe extraneous or ulterior motives which have originated or influeliced tlihe movement now being or ganised to set aside these claimsi and extiguish Prod tection: " Tlhe Freetrade Le`igu~ e of Vic teoria," ecently or "aiiised at HocIics's Hotel, Melbouie, ..prIofesses as'its policy, "To bbt'in byall iegal and con stitutional-means the abolition of all, tiaxes levied tlhroulh t'he Custom House for the benefit of one part of the comaiunity att tiet exlense of tshe bulk of tIhe population,; ind: the iemohil of every existing obstacle to' the unre stricted employment of indestry- and c:ipital." Now, if the menembers of tlhis Leaguewe re ieally sincere in their professed desire to carry out-the policy thus formulated, why, -may~ e ask, was this League not instituted years ago"ui WVhy was it not formed during the FnaRcsS or KRERs, ACTdmilinistrations, when those Ministries had powerfnl inmajrities ii'the House7 and whve tlie mnjorit·ies of tlie inembeis,; nd of the leaiig' supportkrs of those Ajdminis tratibois, 'were -Freetramders ' Why, aibove all, was ir not instituted when Sh' JAS?rs M'OCur?oiL?Oc tool0 office, avowedly, ipon the Fireetrade platfotm, "that any scheme for a readjustuient of taxation should be' accompanied by proposals for a remission of C ustoms ddties I' Sir JAMES i?CuULLOCH, itis Iioswinotorious, only made use, of that eplatform as a pretext for defeating Mr. BERRY's scheme of lani taxation, and to"' i.otect" the land mohopolists. ' It is !now becomfng ,equally obvious, that teh Free Tirade Lea ue has been insti tuted '?s a~sis eletioneekirfig' aenfy to: bolster up tliej e1,unoular .C'OuLLopM factio at. thle enerail elections ; t< return, it posible, .a ,majority of ,that faction tor thie neV' Assembly, and so still ' protect" :the land-monopolisto, aild prbivenit MIr. BEnuY and the Libertal parity fridmr carrying out their endeavors to crush that monopoly -ud equalize, the incidence of t~uxation.' This is ap p.iarent from : 'aton psrovisiois of the irules, wlc?,'ar . inite lseof elect~ ionorin Opeg Each member is " to ha ish{ n~ registered on the electotl roills; to vote at ill elections lwhen the interests of tie cause re atit stake; to support, whetiher elector or as candidate, united action in the electiol of freetrade can didates," &c.; At tlhe time Sir Jalsns ?i'CeLLOCII took office, it was broadly stated, and has:ntver been denied, that he-wai to Ie sulpplied, l y the terri torial magnnates, with 10,000, or fmunds ad libium,i to enable him to defeat thie BIIY policy, and keep the BEInRI' pari'ty out of p1ower. 1 Vhether that lhas had anythingi to do with the "conditions of tihe compact," under which his servile and obedient majority have voted igainst their expressed arguments and convictions, and enabled him to do that whichl.the £10,000 was sitid to lhavebeene ofrered him to do, we are,. of course, unable to say, fiurtler than tlhat it looks remarkably like it. But, there is no room to doubt that funds will be available from the same source to lubricate the Freetrade League -electioneering - agency, machlinery for "nobbling" the constituencies,in the interests of 3'CuLLoeIISr t anid the wealthy 'lo er orders, at the. gener:il elections. At the meeting of tlhe Couicil of the Freetbrde:League on the 18th inst., iMr. SAnooon reported satis factory progress in rnisinig "thd £1000 required as.a kinid ofsnfstenatioe fuind, before the general mneeting to be held next month," etc. The Freetraders have monopolised a dominant sway in the Miuistries that have misruled the coumntr for years iast--withl the excep tion of the short intersval of the BERRnti. iegilme-ani d wli.t has been their policyl The Customs Douties wlich, of ll others press mniost heavily upon the bulk of the community, and'the poorer class of the laboring masses in particular, are the tea and sugar duties, and the Free tnidersl have been unifornily opposed to the abolition of those. The Free traders - have. tlways fiavored partial legislation for the benefit of one class of the coimmunity-the squatters--to nwhom they gave ten years' leases. They have been the foremost to rob the people and posterity of the public doimain, by favoring the land-monopo lists ! They have always been idvocates of Assisted Immigration, in order to reduce maniual labor to the same position of political and mercenary serfdlom thlt is occupied by the agriculturnal laborers at home. And so far from sunpporting " the unrestricted employment of in dustry and eapital"--as they now pro fess a new-born zeal to do, in older to disguise their real designsi-they have been the uniform and consistent an tagonists of miihing on pirivate property; tlhey have beeun, always opposed to agricultural settlement; and .they nosw seek the extinction of manufacturing induistry and enterprise; they have opposed land taxation and supported dual-voting, and, in fact, they lhave alsays been on the side of prolperty, as against the interests fof labor 'Lanid the people. Gan these class legislators be trusted. as sincere, in their professed anxiety to " put down"' an alleged class legislation by the abolition of all taxes levied throughl the "Otilstoms 'for tlie benefit of one jiart of tle community at the expense of the bulk of the' conm emunity, when 'that one p'oi~t is, in reality, the bulk of the community. We trnw not. The A'gusi as the recognised organ of Freetraders; land monopolists, and other enemies of the people, has been publishing a series of monomaniacal articles in support of Freetrade ft 3;eais past. p ' It obviously believes in Freetrade as, a political panacea for all tlhe evils the state is liable, and will some flue day doubtless prescribe it as the source of perpetual motion, the obrigin of species, or the only satisfactory' solution of'tdll other complicated- and unsolved problems. But tlit Freetraders who hlise' so long kieen in political power have not dared, Iheretofore, to give it practical legis lative enforcement; in:thein face of the great practical', 'dvantfges' wheeh the national experience of tlhelast few years has shld.wion Prctection to have conferred upon thei country. We do not believe that;:tlie Frieetiaders even now really intend to stein theimaterial jerogress of the country by endeavoring to put their theories inito practice, and that they. are isimply pretemlinig ftb do so, in order to disguise their real purpose, in mobilisink an organisation for party purposes to support Smn JAMES M'CuLLoee and his faction, in their effortsito' further serve the.interest'of the land-monopolists and the wealtlhy classes, to :etiiascilate'ldenitieracy, and to circumscribe the franchise ant reduce the politictli infleeice .of the people. We will next proceed to show, what Protectioi hlias done,.w hat it is. capable of doing, and why it shidoild be sup ported, in the interests of the. people and tihe coimty, aind in doiimg so, we shall hive to reveqrt: to .the subject in another issue. THE Electoral Act Amendment Bill, ou rather, as it should be called, the measure introducesd by the Chiief Secre tary to emasculate manhood suffrage in Victori, still 'dirags its slow lengthi wearily along,' and thle venal majority which supports Sir JAMES 'I'OULLOCH are doing bravely ias their lefforts' to secure a najority for tle Goveinment at the next general election. Nearly all, the. sections about n whiclh any dim1 cussion of consequene cbuldl take place lhaveG been dealt' with;, and next seek it is probable ? tha the Bill siill bI'senit to the rUppei Chaintbe," Afte the 'alail ner ien which the majority in the As seihbly has dealt swith thie :Bill, it 'is( not likely tli;dt the: menberse of th 1e Council sili m alts asoy ipofaubi?tit alteri-' hens m ait. Sni JAM~ s M¶CnUoLoiCI ha~s taken particular care that it'ishsould be seit Tup to the Council in sucli a ni~ail ne, that thle Cionservative gentlemen, ivho mamly comnpose that body of repre seofatives svhose dioty it is, acedrldioiQ to onie of lthe nuonlie the 'o?o.' W.i CaSrIPELL, " t6? cbsoie te i ight 'of:: propepity/i' :can6ot It feel satisfied With it. The reteiitioni of dhal voting wasn a: "sop to Cei'bertu'se bccdalistholTreastirer nuicipated thait if this kind of voitihg , is n?-atived by thie Assembly, in all I,,ohluirril? the Lords " woul throw tleidl1 il At least, this was one of t]e clie?~ rsons why pliural1 votes were contiuined, but it must not be under stood for ai moment that it is the only one. Tihe nat little swindsle of the 128 votes for the Melbourne Club was too frc'ioOis at :fiture elections for East Mnelbourne to the Conservative party. The holders of these votes possess "correct opinions," and their support at an election, of course, is straight for the party led by Sir JaiEs M'UCULL.OCII. The debate on the Electoral Bill on Tuesday night was chiefly remarklable for thIe mannuei in which the Colling wood and Geelong electoral districts were dealt with. The former consti tuency, whliclh has generally returned representartioeso to Parliamnest in the Liberal interest, is now represented by tihree meionbrs, all of whom are to be fouid in the rauks of the Opposition. Following out tile emasculation system which permeates the Bill, Mr. M'PIIER so5 proplosed that .Collingwood should in futlre have only two replresentatives in thie Assembly.. Fitzroy, which has been taken from it, is to have the mem ber ofwhichl Collinwood is deprived. Miessrs. TUCKER, LANSGRIDGE, and MinAers, the Collingwood members, iprotested against their district bieing thus left with only two representatives, and Mr. LaxoRIDorE significantly re marked tlhat" lie trusted that tile fact of three representatives of Collingwood sitting on tlhe Opposition benches would not influence the Government in deal ing.w,ithl the question." Mr. LAxorDooE evidently "reckoned withlout his host " in trusting anything to the tender mercies of M'CULLOc.oess . ThIe defeat of the Miinisterial candidates in Colling wood is too sore a question with the GCovernment, to explect that when an opportunity offered the constituency would not receive a quid pro quo for electing Mr. M~InAns. ThieCChiif Secre tary' h]ad explressed himself earlier in tile evening, when thIe Castldmaine elec toral district was under discussion, and whenml an amendment was suggested on his proposition,. "Thlat they would be taking three or four lhundred electors from sMaldon, and that was a serions matter. IHe could only accede to the municipal boundanry." This certainly appears reasonable enoagli, until we come to lthe manner in which he dealt with Collingwood. Hlie cut off 400 electors from this constituency and added them oni to Fitzroy, in order to give it another memnber, and to reduce the irelp'eseint'tion of Collingwood froom three memnbers to two. M3r. M'PrIEI sox was urged to make the municipal andi electoral bondanries of Collingwood co-terminus, but hle would not consent to anytlhing of the kind. Therefore the incoiisisteniy of wishing to adhere to municipal boundaries in the case of the Castlcmtaine district, and ignoring the principle in the case of Collingwrood, is plainly apparent. But of course, this grossly unfair way of dealing with the electoral districts is only what might be expected friom Miinisters, anrid it need not cause any very great astonishlment. Collingwood poossseses 6000 electors, aud is oly allowed two members. The electoral district of Grant, with only 3236 electors, is entitled to be repre sented by as inany members as Colling wood, withi its 6000 electors. We in cline very mucd to the opinion that tihe fact of the "three representatives of Collisgwopd sitting on thie Opposition bencihes " ihas greatly "influenced the Government in dealing with the ques tion." The'tru?tl of thie matteris, tlat the Government has creatiedl Fitzroyinto an independent electoirate, and given it an equal relpresentation with Colling wood, for the purpose of neutralising the eflbrts of thie Liberal members who are invariably ?retirlied for the ljatter constituency. 2Vhen the,25th division of thie Bill wmis proposeld--tle electoral district of Geelong--it was at once seen that it had beenr served in a similar unsnner to tile Collingwood distirict. A neow electoral distric'-tlio Bariuwon had'beeif1 foamed, and 400 electors had been taken away from Geelong and addedl6 o thei Bairwon district, although that electorate did not require them, as it already had .1543 electors, wvhich-is quite ip td'tlo e requirel standardc Tihe Chief Sectetaity,told thie House with the most iefrdshihg' cooliess, that lie h.a?id taken the electors from Geelong for the purpose of seiieyiug it. Tlhis was too much for hon. members to swallow, and a consistmit iMiisteiial suppolrter, MIr. Axords MiACKAY, actually told Mr. M'PeReSON that lie tiieght the'Iltera tion was made "to rob Geelong." This is tihetrue sohition of tie alteration, and thie cause of this electoral spoilation is a uiean desire for revenge upon tIhe leader of the Opposition'. Mir. WaVLIEe, another supporter, of the Miinistry, so plainly saw the injustice of tie attempt, that hie ivas forced to remark, "Re memberhing thie position Mr. BERRYa had taken up in the House, tlhe Govern ment should take care not to do what would appliear like anu act of injusticee perpetrated as an act of petty revenge. Whatever Mr. BERRY had- done, Geelong should be treated fairly.' Exactly, according to thie political code of men who desired to deal fairly with the whole colony, no doubt this rule woild obtain, but M'r. WATLiRn must be singularly deficiuent in penetration if hie has not fournd out eie this that the bill in its entirety is merely a scheme to gratify thIe narrow minded sipte of the Ministry against the Liberal constitu?oicies, and to estisb lish others, or to give increased votiug powers to tfhose already in existence, which are favorable to thie policy of Sir TirEs: 1'CULLoei . -We need hardly say that Mr. lAtc ERiorsoN carried his ibint, and that Geeloiig is to suffer thhe loss of a Parliamentary representative, rid will in future have.to remain con telt with two -irembers. M"r. BEruY poilited out very clearly the grest unfairness of the alteration, and shlowed tlhat Geelong was fairly entitled to thineo representatives, but, as might !have bees expected, it yas all of no ais'ail. Geelong has. 5100 electors, while many other constituencies, such as Avoca with 4000 electors and Wil- i lismstowsi with 3328 electors, are allowed thie same number of represrn tatives. But justice and equity do not form any part in tho political pro granlulie of M'CULLOCHISM , ?nld t?o act of "petty srevnge" was perpletrated. Tile chance of " slating" Mr. BERIIY was too good not to be ·taken advantage of, and it is just as reasonable to expect figs from thistles, as to eitertain the idea that the outcome of,[M'CULLOCIISM will be productive of anl'ybenefit to the colony; "AN-Tr cIG that is worth doing, is worth doing well," is a very old but very true saying, and it is a great pity that this imaxim is not acted up to in public matters, instead of supineness and half-heartedness being allowed to prevail to such a great extent. as at present. Unfortunately, Colac is cele brated for the red-hot haste which is so often manifested when any important public matter is mooted, but the result of all thie agitation hears buit an insig nificanlt comparison with the initiation of the subject, and illustrates the truth of the quotalion, 2art'iriunt moedes, nascstur rTdictlsl s mus. Thle first step in Colac towards the carrying out of any object for the public welfire is the appointment of a Commnittee. Of course, nothing can be done without a Committee. The Coumsittee so ap pointed piroceeds to thle matter with a good deal of fussiness and display of energy, in ftct so nuch of tle latter quality is expended at the first meeting or two, that it exhausts the vitality of thle whole body, aud in the course of a few weeks the Committee, which was ushered into existence with such a floutish of trumpets, gradually but surely expiues of inanition. It is much to be regretted that this is the case amuongst us, but tlost of our readers are aware that such is tihe faLct, and tlhat we lhave drawn no fancy picttue of the laissez fidre systems which is so often displayed in Colac. The latest develolp mient of this style of managing a public matter of ti good deal of importance, occurred withl reslect to the pIroplosal to oltuin a water supply in cotnection with tihe scheme adopted by th6 Go vcriment to supply the locail railway station, whIen built of course, with the pure fluid. MIr. HIGInOTIIA.i , En gineer-in-Chief of the Victorian Rail xways, paid a visit to Colaic in cotnnection with thle water supply for thle railsas- statios a week or two back, and le was tlhn interviewed by a uminber of gen tlemen in order to ascertain whether an arrangement ntight be made to obtain water for the township from the reservoir in which tle water is to be stored for the station. The result of the interview was that the inevitable Committee was appointed, and they decided to wait upont tile Colac Shire Council for the piurpose of oitaining the co- operationi of thlit body, and to indulce the Council, anmongst other things, to invite ir. GORDO, the Chlief-Engineer of the Victorian Water Supply, to Colac, to report upon the the feasibility or otherwise of any schleme whereby the town might be granted that great boon-a splen tiful supply of pure ivater. Accord ingly, Mr. HANsCOCK, on behalf of and at the instance of the Committee, com municatedl with the President of the Council, requesting that the Committee might be granted an interview for the purpose of ventilating the matter. A reply was forwarded, fixing the time and place for the reception of the Cotm mittee by the Coiutcil, which was'after the ordinary business of the Council had been disposed of on Wrednesday, 20th instant. The Council,'iccoriliigly, was all:prepared-to receive the Commit tee, but the Committee had "vanished into thiin air," like the witches in MACBETII, and there was none to plead the cause of Colic for its want of pure water. " MrI. HANcoK alpeared for a nibment' on the scene, that is, he just "poeiped" his head inside the door of the Shire Hall, and as suddenly withdrew it, distppearing something after the manner of BANquo's ghost, but with out the ;blue-fire ;and other diabolical' accessories which are generally supposed to. be necessary to herald the advent anad disappeasince of this apparition. The result of this neglect is the collapse of the scheme, and ColaC now appears to be as far off obtaiiing a sater supply as ever. If onlya cohmendable activity, andi an anixiety fot the proinotion of theywelfaire of the township, had been evinced' lby tlihe Comi?ttee; alluded to, we should very possibly have had the preliminaries ill settled, and been eiabled ·to look foriward to tlhe day whein Colac would' not: be dlependent upon a town pump for its general water supply. If time had beentaklen by the forelockl, Colac would, as we remarked in our last issue, very probably have been included in the estimates relating to grants giveli to local bodies towards obtainitig ,a permanent . water sijply; and ahiicdh were lsid before Parliamilent during tle present week. It is too late,, however,: to speculate upon lwhat might have been done, it is sufficienpt to know that the spasmodic action of tihe Committee resulted in failure, and this fact should teach a lesson to future Committees, and.make them " put their shoulders to thie wheel" with a little more' of that very necessary quality perseverance. In the meantime, the question of' a water supply for Colac should not be ,allowed to fade away 'altogethe, apd anotlier attempt should be made. . Perhaps the best way to ventilate the matter would be to call a public meeting of the inhabitants, and thei question could then lae discussed, and steps taken to ensure a successful result. We snierely thiow' out .the suggestio;', and thosle of out tdwnismien who are ::jossessed of arny sinfluence would .do well to coesider it.seriously, eandl either adopt it, or hit upon i plan of their own, which will attain the much-desired end. An e. cut w lich ha oebon the chief topic of conversation amongst, a grcat many per sons et Birregurra, will take pl:-e at Cahill's Assembly Rooms, in that township, this evening.eWe refer to the invitationi ball, for which great preparations have been made. Music for the oeecasioniwill be procured from Geelong, and all the. other accessories to wards , genuine success will not, we under stand, be found wanting. 