THE OUTCASTS OF MELBOUBNK< By a Vagabond. For thou soist that I am rich anil full of goodie and I have need of nothing, and thou woost not that thon art a wroocho and wrocoheful. — Wiolif. '.V 'Tho moat outcast of wretches. — Scott. In every civilised community there is !->. a vast substratum of poverty, disease, . . ' vice, nod crime, nnd by its depth the stability of the institutions of tho country may be judgod. In cities which boast of tho liighost civilisation nud luxury, the opposito extreme is found. This nrises from two causes — tho opposition of nature (or natural impulses) to civilisa tion, and the quick step to the march of progress which leaves so many behind, forcod or fallen from the ranks, to join the legion of tho outcasts. Thus, the natural mau loves dirt, and detests saui- ' tary arrangements. He dislikes work, 'and wishes tho perpetual gratification of ! nil his passions without reference to the feelings or desires of others. These are very powerful impulses in the production of poverty nnd crime. Nature, which our whole courso of religious and social training tenches us to fight ngninst or control, rebels ngninst civilisation ; it is tho worso for Nature, but the results sometimes recoil. Again, the compe tition for existence, and tho struggle for life amongst all classes in tho Old World, throws runny who, given a fairer chance, might have lived and died honored by all, into the rauks of the unfortunate. Many have known no othor life, but are born and beroditary outcasts. In new countries there should not be such thick layers of moral disease as in old ; nor are there — but Bwiftly they accumulate. The naturul man lends many thither, and emigration from the Old World briugs so mnny lazy or incompetent, who sink downwards and downwards, until they are lost in the twin gulfs of poverty nnd crime. In the old world it almost appears true that " where wealth accumulates there men decay." Certainly, vice and misery accompany tho greatest luxury and wealth in the large cities. Palace and hovel are not equally proportioned, but tho hovel and its inmates are as much as possible kept out of sight. The spectre is there at their gates, bat they take no notice. Look nt Paris, six years back, fairest and gayest of the capitals of the world, the gathering- place of the nations. How charming and genial was the Imperial rulo 1 But underneath this velvet-gloved sway was the iron hand, wanted not only for political offenders. The 6000 secret . police distributed, about Paris ' kept a careful watch, ou tho thieves' quarters and the outcasis who swarmed in the Carriers d'Ameriquo or in the neighbor hood of tho Buites of Montmarfro. Paris. indeed was fair to look upon, but underneath her jewels and false hair, and henna and paint, could bo seen tho haggard cheeks, the thin lips, and the frenzied eye of the petroleuse. In Melbourne, however, the ' outcasts of society are plainly visible, and make their presence disagreeably felt ; yet society appears .to take little heed there of.- Certain forms of vice and crimo are rampant in Victoria, and appear to be endured, which would bo Bpeedily sup- . , pressed in England1. or America. In, the latter country outrages on young children or women ore in many slates punished by death, and in others Judge Lynch often speedily settleg, such cases. As yet, the outcasis here are numerically weak, but year' by year they will inorease in strength, and some day, as iii Paris, .may become a source of great daoger to property and lifo. Every largo city in the world has in it the elements which caused tho outrages of '03 and tho Commune. They are present in London, in Now York, in San Francisco. : . A Blackening of the reins of law, a revolu tion, or a popular uprising, and the hydra which has been scotched so long uproars its head, and deals death and de struction all around. Many may laugh at this, and will fancy that npplied to Victoria the proposition is absurd, but the Melbourne of the future, a city of a million inhabitants, chief, perchance, in the great. Australian federation, may see such an uprising, and unless by that time religion, law, and philanthropy have reduced' the proportion of outcasts, tho evil effects of their presence will be disastrously felt. So,' in the following sketch of the outcasts of Melbourne . I would beg the readers of The An/us to consider that this proportion of vice and crime is to be looked upon, not as a mere spot on the face of our fair civilisation, but as a deep-seated ulcer, which unless healed may oat deep into and destroy the body of the state. These unfortunates may bo likened to parasites, which (ful filling only their own natural impulses) prey upon the leaves of a noble tree. The tree increases in height and breadth, and flourishes fair in the face of the heavens, but the parasites increase also, their course is unmolested, and so in due ' time they suck away tho sap and vigour of the monarch of the forest, its glory > - departs, and rain alone remains. The police reports in the daily papers show to the respectable outsiders that everyone is not aB they are. They read " that certain men and women are daily brought before " Mr Sturt nnd a bench of magistrates," and receive various sen tences for dillerent offences against per son, property, or public decency. But the police reports are but dry bones, and Bive but a faint idea of tho history of vice and crimo to be rend in the trials of the different prisoners. A stronger glancing past the felon's dock, with its border of spikes, will see tho pen into which tho public are admitted, crowded with youth ful faces of a type which, if he has tra velled much, will bo easily recognised. It is to be seen in different quarters of all tho cities of Europo ; it appears in Lon don in the pupils of Fagin ; crossing the Atlantic, the youthful rowdy of tho Five Points and the Bowery has tho same ap pearance ; again, over river and pruirio and mountain, in San Francisco the " hoodlum," tho only rival of tho Austra lian " larrikin," is to bo found. It is remarkably strange that in the two great est oities on tho Paoific this dotestablo species of youthful humanity should flourish as does. It is to be hoped that this is only a temporary wave of youthful vice which now rushes over both these cities, and that its abnormal cause may be detected and removed. One marked difference between the Melbourne : larrikin and his compeers olsewhere is his extreme boldneBS and con tempt of authorities. In Europe the" rough avoids tho neighborhood of police- courts. Ho loves not to bo kuown by magistrates or detectives. But here the larrikin not only chaffs and annoys the policeman on his beat, but daily crowds tho policu-court, and manifests the live liest interest in the fate of male or female friends who may bo on trial. A youih or a girl of a certain class being brought in, you will seu that their first movement is to peep rouud tho corner of tho dock, and exchange a wink with their sympathising " pals." Numbers of the youths who daily crowd tho small space allotted to tho genernl public at tho police-court aro kuown as thrives from their youth upwards ; crime is here ditary with them. Another marked difference, which is in the larrikin's favour, is his generally better fed nud betler-cluthed appearance. The rowdy and thief in tho old world after all load a miserable life, and generally their pro fession does not appear to bo a lucrative one ; but here, in tho first stage, they seem physically in good case. A morn ing in the police court is a sad study of Melbourne life. Here, for -example, are two young girls, sisters, one quito a child, another a year or two older. They are charged with -disorderly conduct. One girl smiles at her friends behind, and then tries to look peniteDt, in which endeavor she is not a success ; the other's trembling lip and tearful eye show that this is her first offenco. They have to go to gaol for' n month; and unless some good Christian looks after them there, oue girl who might have been saved will certainly now be irrevocably fixed in ber dowuward course. Of those unfortu nates, ministers to man's pleasure, who are more or less numerous in every com munity, the police-court claims its fair share. Sometimes they are charged with theft, in which case they nppear to bo always instigated by some male com panion, but generally their offence is drunkenness or disorderly conduct. Their apathy in the dock is striking ; they recognise well that they have offended ngninst the laws, which they think bear so hardly upon them, nnd hear their sentences without a murmur. As drunkenness brings these poor women to the bar, so it does the majority of their malo friends. But many others, hard working men, also have to pay the fine and costs for indulging too freely. In temperance seems to be the bane of the working classes in the colonies. The frightful assault cases which are some times heard genernlly have their rise in a drinking bout. I was mad drunk, and don't know what I did," is often the excuse. Muuy of those who are convicted of " brutal assaults " are not criminal in their instincts, but are over powered by the frightful lust for personal combat nnd for smiting their enemies, which is 60 prevnlent in the Anglo- Saxon' race. Look at that man in tho dock 1 A good honest look he has ; but around his mouth and in his eye there lurks a devil, and when aroused it will faro ill with his opponent. Hois one of those .men whose nature loads them to fight. ' In another stage of society he might act as a rival to " Guy Livingstone," or any other of Ouida's horoes, who aro . renowned for their " panther strings" and " terrific blows." (I beg to recommend to that authoress n new phrase- — "kangaroo leap"- — to which an Irish' policeman .compares the onslaught of the man I am describing.) This man will, for a fearful assault or another, bo imprisoned for some months ; his rough nature will revolt against the punishment for his offence, nnd associa tions at Peotridga or the gaol will com-' plete his demoralisation. This is one case in which natural impulses and the civilised laws both combine to mnke a criminal. And now look at these poor creatures charged with, vagrancy. Home less and houseless, they are convicted of the fearful crime of their existence. A sentence of three months is a blessing which they should appreciate. It is commonly reputed that a vagrant gets a heavier sentence than a minor thief ; if so, it is better for both of them. Many young larrikins are brought up "on tho vag." Thoy are known thieves and bad characters, according .to the police, who attempt to rid the neighbourhood of them in this way, but as a rule a very large subscription is raised, which obtains the services of a legal gentleman, who produces evidence to show that his client is a hardworking, respectable youth, and tho larrikin is discharged, to the triumph of his com panions and discomfiture of " Mr Detec tive." In the police-court father appears against son, mother against daughter, brother against brother. The prisoners in the majority of cases aro, as I have said, those who may bo called hereditary criminals, or made so by early association. Now and then, however, a prisoner is seen of a superior class. Look at this woman ; she is haggard and worn out by dissipation, but has the remains of past beauty. She first came out to tho co lonies as tho wife of " a gentleman," the son of a major-general in the British army. After a time he returned to England, deserting her, but not before he had lived on tho earnings of her shame. Her after-career may bo ima gined — drink is her only comforter now. There is one class of offence often met with, and the perpetrators of which force my sympathy. (" A Vagabond" cannot help having ill-regulatod ideas.) These are those who are charged with throwing tobacco or tea over the walls of the gaol. Thoy have generally been inmates them selves, and knowing the hardships they have undergone, strive to mitigate those of some ex comrade. The aot seems to me to spring from motives to be che rished rather than put down, and speak ing as one who has lived as a vagabond, and writing from their point of view, I do not think you will ever porsuade people of that class that they are com mitting a criminal action in trying to help a mate with a little tobacco. Make your precautions so strict that it will be impossible to hold communication with or forward anything to prisoners over tho walls, is my advice to tho gaolers. However, fhis offence is generally heavily punished, and the re- imprisonmont for doing what he considers to be a good act certainly does not favourably impress the culprit towards tho authorities. His heart is more likely to harden, and more than ever he will be an enemy to law and order. Any one who would know the real state of vico and crimo in Melbourne cannot do better than commence his studies by passing a morning at the polioe-oourt. In spite of all the physical annoyances, the wrangling of tbe lawyers (as disgraceful as tho conduct of some M.L A.'s), he will ..learn much which Government, religion, and society would gladly gloss over. In the police-court tho criminal and outcast come most prominently before tho public notice, at least it is only when they arrive there that their doiugs are chronicled. But thoy force their presence on us, without our taking much heed, in all our principal thoroughfares. The thief we cannot dotcct by his outward appearance, but the Magdaleno flaunts along conspicuously, and virtue hardly turns up her nose, nnd certainly has no room to gather up her. skirts to one side. Soeioty, it has bean said, devotes its tinost men and its finest womon to de struction. Its finest men it drills, and pipeclays, nnd sends away to bo shot or out to pieces ; its finest women it sacri fices in another way. I hope this is not true of Victoria, for the Trnvintns who walk our streets are not the finest samples of female beauty. Walk along Bourko-street any night, and girls are to bo seen — some morely children — drifting, drifting, and half-anchored. The state cf morality amongst tho working girls in Melbourne is worso than in Paris, and they commonco their downward course earlier. Workroom and shop recruit the ranks of the unfortunate. Work makos the hands black, and does not always koep the reputation white. They are lod astray by a love of fine clothes and ad miration, coupled with early-developed strong passions, and their full is not purified by the ghost of love — love which is the essence of the life of a grisette. The Melbourne Magdalene goes her way wilfully, and of her own accord. She has no shame in her wrong-doing, and false sentimentality should not be wasted upoo hor. " They can't be allays a workin," said Mr Sleary, " they must bo smoothed sometimes," and the larrikin and thief, with their female companions, take their pleasure as the rest of the world. Let us walk into this concert-hall, which by the flaming advertisements which meet us at all points, should be a popular place of amusement. Let us first take a sixpenny ticket and go up into the balcony. The room is a long one, and there is scant accommodation for " tho gods." We are amougst a crowd of youths and boys, with a sprink ling of girls of the very lowest class. Larrikins and thieves all of these. But there is good order amongst them, per haps because the performances are dull and depressing, or because of the an nouncement prohibiting " whistling or shouting, or any sort of disorderly con duct," and containing penal clauses ns to removal by tho police. Downstairs, in the body -of the hall, to enter which we pay Is, the spectators are not of a much superior class. They are better dressed, and have a little more money, but one thing appears more evident, that few people who can claim the slightest share of respectability visit this " popular re sort." Here waiter-girls walk around and solicit you to " shout;" when you refuse they will give you a little gentle abuse, and return to the sweet converse of their particular larrikin lovers. The performances are of the usual low music- hall style. There are some " niggers," whose jokes are frightfully gross, and the comic songs are only conspicuous for dulness and indecency. A child of about 10 dances and sings prettily, but she is being taught in the very worst school, and one of her dances is only redeemed from indecency by her youth and inno cence. What will be her future ? After the performance is over, part of the floor is cleared away and dancing commences. The women, of course, are all of a class, and this seems to be meant for their en- couragement, as we see announcements that " gentlemen will not be allowed to dance together, or the music will be stopped." Places of amusement of this kind are baiting-houses on tho larrikins' high road to Pentridge. It is a great pity some place of healthy public amuse ment cannot be started in Melbourne. People will be amused, and the masses of the people like smoking and drinking, and have no notion of amusement without, and if good healthy music and performances can be given them with these so much the better. In the " gaffs " in the East-end of London, and on tho Surrey side, I have seen enter tainments which, however classed from an artistic point of view, as regards morality were far superior to anything to be seen at the large theatres. The moral of each performance was plain and sim ple, vice punished, and virtue rewarded, and the audiences loudly applauded. I was told that there were many thieves present at those places. If so, thoy got the benefit to be derived from the lessons of tho stage. And by their amusements you may gauge the moral standard of a people or class. I wonder that in Mel bourne some one does not start a boor garden, where all classes could go, and smoke, drink, and listen to good music. During the hot summer days this should be an attractive place of entertainment, and if lager beer could be brewed here so much the better. All classes of people would be amused and refreshed, and the better the entertainment, the better for society at large. Larrikins and thieves greatly resort to the cheap billiard rooms. There are one or two in a principal thoroughfare which are daily orowdod with such. They are mostly youths and boys, and those who aro not thieves and sharpers are flats and pigeons, being inducted into the mysteries of the Lar rikin's Progress, tho stages of which may be divided into drink, gambling, row dyism, assault, police-court, gaol, thief. The skittle alleys claim their fair share of tho patronage of this class, and in certain hotels, one of notable repute in Bourke-street may be instanced, where the votaries of chicken-hazard assemble, the thief and tho fast man-about-town meot on noutral ground and call the main. With all this known to the polioe, it Beems strange that prosecutions aro not instituted against tho proprietors of such houses. Is gambling only a crime when the money goes into Chinese pockets ? Vice permeates through all classes of soaiety, and the high-toned roue who would " give £20 to keep his name out of the polioe-oourt," often as sociates with gamblers and thieves, who wish to keep their incognito for a'differ- ent reason. Where do- tho oriminal olasses ol Mel bourne live ? Within a stone's-throw of our principal thoroughfares and plaoes of business. I do not suppose any oity in j the. world can show suoh foul neighbor hoods oentred in its very heart. Between Bourke-street and Lousdole-street there are a number of lanes, "terraces," " squares," and rights-of-way, the pro- sent' condition of - which is a disgrace to the city. The habitations nre mostly of a kind, one-storied hovels, low, dilapi dated nnd dirty. The surroundings aro filth nnd garbage. From n snnitnry point of view the existonce of such quarters is a great nuisauce, if not n positive danger to public health. Go through these on a summer's ufteruoon. Tho occupants you will see are mostly women, and of what a type — low, degraded, brutal- looking, who, young nnd old, seem as if virtue and purity had never been known to them even by nnme. Young girls — there are many hero — have their youth and freshness ovorshndowod by vico ; older women, who once may have bo- longed to tho aristocracy of the demi monde, have flabby chocks, and features now swollen by drink. Tho number of very young girls to be seen in theso quar ters is something to shock even one used to the aspects of vice in the Old World. Melbourne is remarkable for this, nud, as a rale, men are not so much to blnmo. Those women, I am told, never bee inno cence but they wish to mar it, and they tempt children to their ruin, some so young that thoy really may bo said to have never known any other state. There is littlo of the woman about these unsexed beings, except that occasionally ihey may be soeu sitting in the sun doiug a littlo needlework or mending their cloth -s. The hovels, which are small, being gene rally tenanted by several couples, cause soeioty in their neighborhood to be of a very public kind, the doorstops, the kerbstones, and the centre of the rond, forming convenient rostiug places for tho female population, who sun themselves and interchange ideas and opinions which are generally couched iu language whioh it is an uphuism to call merely bad. Of the soiled doves who form the upper class of the demi-monde in Melbourne, I shall say but little. Society is fully aware of their presence and doings, although these, even with the institution of the vestibules and the " saddling paddock," have ; not attaiued the heights of their compeers iu the largo oities of Europe and America. Melbourne, hnppily, has not yet arrived at a stage where Lais and Phryne give regular soirees, and issue invitations, printed on the finest and most beauti fully embossed paper, to the Government ofiioinls, the mayor, aldermen, magis trates, judges, and members of tho Legislature, and where the magistrate joins in the dance with tbe beautiful but frail beings whom to-morrow he may send to tho house of correction. Wo aro not quite so bad in this respoot ns San Francisco. But the harvest of theso women is only for a time. Death, drink, or age overtakes them, and thoy sink to the level of the outcasts of whom- we write. To return to the lanes and rights-of- way. The condition of things hero is the fault of the owners of the property. It seems that these misernblo hovels bring in rents far higher than good cottages in other localities. The worse the neighbourhood the higher the rent. This is really hard upon the occupants. Men or women who may have been a little crooked are forced to lodge here, and are swindled by the landlords, besides being condemned to associa tions which certainly will hasten their downward course. Tho nroprietors of these dens of iniquity are, I am told, in some cases, men of repute, with the first seats at the synngogue ; in others, they are women who have saved money in their enreer of shame, and now trade upon that of others who occupy their houses. But we have as yet only seen women ; where are their male compan ions ? They are mostly inside sleeping until night, or they are at tho corner public house, or loafing about looking for prey. There is one man often to bo seen around here — tall, spare, with grey hair and board, and a mild, benevolont ex pression of countenance. I soo that most of theso outcasts know him, aud that he freely enters their houses. This is Mr George Hill, tho police court mis sionary, whoso businoss it is to ondoavor to save children and beginners in a career of vice. I don't know what soot Mr Hill belongs to, but ho is very unsec- tarian — indeed, secular iu the good ad vice I have hoard him give, and ho is everywhere treated with respoot and esteem by these unfortunates. Lot us witness one of his interviews. At the corner of one of the Ian03 running into Little Bourko-street stands a colored boy, bright and smart-looking, tho sort of lad who in the old days you would tako into the house to out your tobacco and make your sangaree. Hill is gently warning him of his mode of life, and offers to find him a place to work, but ho refuses. On the opposito side of the road has been standing a young man of under-size, with bristly whiskers, soarf around his neck, and quiet, stealthy manner which is very suggestive. He is a convicted thief. He sidlos aoross tho rond, and approaches me. I doubt his intentions, but remember that I have littlo in my pookets. However, he only comes to listen, and at laBt, turning to the boy, says, " Why don't you take Mr Hill's offer ; you'll be sorry for it in 10 years' time if you don't," and thon ho joins his mate, and they slink off to tho Eastern Market. By this timo two or three have gathered around Mr Hill, and one of them says, " Oan't you got mo a placo, sir ?" He further says that ho has only just " come out," and tho police threaten to run him in agaiu, and after wards fetches his brother out of the corner, public-house, who says, " So help me God I'll work if I oan get a chanco." There are threo of them who have just " done" six months for assault. One, a man with a neat sot figure, has, dospito a large soar, a pleasing face whioh I like. I am told he is one of tho most despornto ruffians in Melbourne. I beliero ho is only a Guy Livingstone, and that but fot gaol associations ho would bo an honesr man. These three vow thoy have had nothing to oat that day day, having been turned out without breakfast, but their mates had been standing beer for them at the public-house. Well, oighteen- pence will get three good meals in Mel bourne, and provided with this, plonty of good advioe, and a recommendation to the Prisoners' Aid Sooiety, they leavo, promising .not to enter tho publichouse a noted -thieves' resort) again. The sequel of these incidents is that two days iifier, tho mulatto boy was sentenced to six mouths' imprisonment for theft, and that one of the men at least is taming un honest' livelihood, as I met him tho other day in Bourke- street, with black hands and face, which he was proud of, ns he stopped and told me he meant to keep square in the future. As for tho thief who gave the good ndvico to the colored lad, he will doubtless soon bo in gaol again. His stylo of delivery was that of one who has lost all hope for him self. But indeed, as regnrds tho male criminals, they do not appear solicitous to drag youth into sin ns females do. Here, outside another publichouse, wo meet a youth who leads by the hund a pretty littlo child. In reply to inquiries, he says ho does not drink now becnuso of his hand, and ho shows a frightful scalp wound not yet healed. He has sevornl other scars on his fneo and hoad, some caused by policomen's handcuffs. (Thoy will not lot mombors of tho force carry staves here, but handcuffs pioperly used are far more dangerous.) This youth, in reply to a question if the child belongs to him, says, " He's my brother, but I hope to God he'll never grow up like me." . This was said sincerely, and wns evidently hoartfelt, yet the spoaker bears one of the worst characters in Mel bourne, a policeman whom I mot shortly nftorwards telling me that " he always ought to bo in gnol, and thera'd bo some peace iu tho neighborhood." The police work nccording to their lights as suppres sors of crime, and when tboy see a crimi nal returned from gaol to bis old haunts (and where else is he to go ?) they are only too apt to take tho first chance of arresting him. But even a criminal should have justice, and to arrest or threaten (and both are done) a man on the day ho leaves gaol is not only unjust but absurd. The one striking differ ence between these thieves and those of the old world is their healthier appear ance. Wo have seen that they have an nristocratic taste for billinrds, and they are also fond of tho aristocratic necessity — a bath. Whether n clean henlthy criminal is less dangerous than a dirty diseased wretch is an open question. Let us look now at. another class of out-casts. In the scrub lining the bunks of tho Yarrn, in the Government reserves in the public gardens, and in tho bush around Melbourne during' the long summer's days, men and women aro to be seen lyiDg on their backs in the shade enjoying tbe dolce far neinte. They are all of ono class — " homeless, ragged, and tanned. They are mostly without family, without friends, without bodily strength, ignorant of any trade, of feoblo health, and whose only associates are as themselves. The nre vagrants pure and simple, fear of the law and want ofnorye keeping them from being actively criminal, but still, ever ready to commit any petty theft if they can do so without chance of detection. They aro ' generally past middle age, and subsist by begging food, living during summer in the open air. In tho wintor many flock to the Immigrants' Home and Benevolent Asylum; other com mit offences to be sent to gaol. The men appear mostly to have drifted into their present state through indolence and want of sufficient mental stamina to fight the battle of life. Strong drink, of course, has often been an agent in their downfall. The womon are chiefly out casts whose ago and faded attractions prevent them plying their trade. In Paris they would bo ragpickers ; herb they are simply vagrants. But there are a few- who have seen far better days: I met ono man who talked learnedly in Greek ; he had been a clergyman or dissenting minister, and drink had brought him to this. The history of another was so strange, illustrating tho freaks which fortune plays with our destinies, thut I wish to narrate it as un oxamplo of how men may become out casts in spite of themsolves. It was in my evil days, when I was glad to sleep during tho summer heat in some of the resorts just mentioned. I had noticed this man : he looked any age from 80 to 40, his clothes wore ragged, shoes he had none. He had hardly a dissipated look, but one now mournfully despairing but again defiant. Once or twice I gave him some tobacco, and one day ho opened bis heart tome. "I am going to tell you my story," he said. " I don't know why I should die, but in this life we feel wo must confide in some one, whioh I sup pose causes tho groat success and perma nent institution of tho confessional. I should fool a relief in confessing, to a priest, but I don't beliovo iu any reli gion. You are n man of education, and have had, I suppose, hard times of it, but I'll bet not so hard as mine. No matter what my name is or whore I wa3 born. My father was a professional man, and, nfter some years at one of the great public schools (yes, sir, I've played at Lord's in tho annual match), I wsb trained to follow in his footsteps. My fathor wns a pretty bad man, and in the end my mother was obliged to separate from him. Of coarse all my sympathies wore with hor, but I tried to make every allowance for tho govornor ; ho was my fathor, you know, and although I loft him I occasionally saw bim on businoBs matters. Well, years went on. I had a hard Btruggle, but fought my way up ward in my profession, and two years ago had a fair chance of fortune, and, what I valued more, fame. Then, in the uiuntry I again mot a lady — a rich widow. I had known hor before she was married. I suppose she wanted a hus band, nt all ovents she made love to mo. I wns agreeable, and wo were married. Hero I was, settled in life you will say — but not happy. I had to givo up tho aotivo duties of my profession, which I lovod, and reside on my wifo's property in tho country. I hatod Eng lish country sooiety. I felt dogradod in my own eyes at being kept by a woman. My wife, too, was absurdly, jealous, for which sho had littlo cause, as I'm not a woman's man. In six months tho end came. My wife's proporty was all settled on hor, but sho gavo mo funds to invest for hor. I investod somo thou sands in Loudon in hor name, and tho company failed ; thon madnmo finely abused mo (I had no idoa sho wns a virago). She accusod me of robbing her, and ended by showing me some letters written by my worthy father to hor be fore hor marriago, in which he nooused me of all sorts of orimes, and said I was not his son. This was in revenge for my refusing to promiso him a largo loan when he hoard of my engagement. I had toldkim I would not touch nor divert liny of my wife's money, nnd he wrote nie nu upgryletter tbat-I Should bo sorry for it. Well, sir, of course this was- a lie, but a woman who could throw it iD myfacewnB a devil. I loft herhouso, wont to London with nothing but what I. had on, and wrote her I had committed suicide. I did this because I swore I would never see her again. Then I came out here, and for more than 12 months I've been going to the devil. I cannot practise my profession. I am dead, and my diplomas of no use. I've tried everything, but what can men like myself do here. I've come to this ai last, and shall end in gaol or the Yarra. I believe in nothing. I hope nothing. The only thing I wish is that there would be a riot or rebellion, that I could aid iu smashing up some of those re spectable people who turn up their noses at me as I limp by — I who am their superior in birth, breeding, or education, none of which, however, are worth a to me now. If there is a hell I dare say I shall go there, but I am sure I shall meot the relatives who have driven me to this. Now, mate, that's ray tale, and I don't think you can ima gine a harder case. Two years ago I was respected, famous in a degree, not wealthy, but on the road to competence, aud through a marriage, which everyone thought was such a great thing, and through a father's hatred and a woman's passion, I am now nameless, homeloss, and hungry." I admUtod ill nt Iu'r was indeed a sad oaso, that he was almost tUo victim of circumstances, and ns such I present it to tho readers of The Argus. L thor oughly believo his tale was true, as he could have "no intorest in deceiving a fellow-vagabond. I believe, two, that unless some Brother Cherryble should take him in hand, and on trust, that he will yot bo a vory dangerous member of colonial Bocioty. Vagrants and beggars nre always dnngerous. Individually, of weak temperament, they do little harm to society, whilst tho law which thoy fear so much keeps n strong hand npon them. But let tho reins bo once rolaxod or dropped for a time, and they will join their hardier companions in crimo, and, ac cording to tho rulo of all weak natures, thoir vicious ferocity will bo all tho more powerful for hnviug been so long sup pressed. | .- Now let us see what society (through the aid of religion, government, nud philanthropy) is doing for the prevention of crime and the reformation of the criminal. Melbourne is well provided with religions, accommodation for. all sects ; but the ordinary ' churches and chapels are entirely outside of the range of the outcast. As a rulo,' he will not go to look lor religion it must come : und seek him. So two Gospol-halls have boen erected in evil neighborhoods — one in , O'Brien-lanu, the other in Little Bourke-street. Those aro ostensibly for sorvicos' on behalf of the criminal and degraded, and are entirely supported by voluntary contributions. Tho manage ment is unseclariitn, although at present tho conductors nre mostly Bnptist. I bad seen tho outcast at the police court, iu the slums, und nnd taking his amuse ment, so I thought I would see him at prayer, and tho other night made my way to O'Brien-lane. It is indeed a foul neighborhood iu which the hall is situated. In the day-time it is uninviting, the dilapidated huts, reeking of filth and garbage, are pleasing to no sense ; and in the night-time it looks worse. An evil shadow is thrown over all— crime seems to lurk round every corner. And many orimes have boon committed along those dark alleys, which seem especi ally made lor the convenient and saio perpotration of such. Tho hall is a plain brick building. Outside there is an announcement that services are hold on Sunday and Wednesday evenings. During wook days it is occupied as a state school, where numbers of the juveniles of the neighbourhood are in structed. Coming from the old country it is strange to see the well-fed, healthy appearance of the children in such a neighbourhood as this. I have visited this school, nnd could hardly bolievo that these wore children recruited from the worst quartor of Melbourne. Entering the hall, I found that servico had al ready commonced ; a young gentleman, a bank clerk I am told, was reading a portion of Scripture. Tho place was well filled with well-dressed people, ovory ono of whom, by their appearance might bo regular chnpol goers. It is evidently a weekly gathering with them. The hymns they all know and join in. There was not a singlo member who by his or her appearance belonged to the class whioh this hall should attract. It was just a weekly prayor mooting of a fow good Christians. I was told after- that I must not judge by appoaraaces, that some of thoso presont had been bad characters, and had boen redeemed. One man had only boon saved from death by the fact that the only witnoss (his own daughter) did not know of tho existence of a God. But that was long since. Now, all present, I beliove, could thoroughly claim to be " respectable.". It was not the dresB . alone — although one can judge much by that, and the good neat attire of many young womon was an evidence of their inward mind — but tho features of those presont, whioh would lead to the supposition that ono was a thousand miloB from suoh a neighbourhood. Hero thore were none with that OBsentially criminal cast Of'countonance to bo seen iu the police court, iu tho slums, in the musio-hall, and low billiard rooms. Tho thief and tho Magdaleno live within a stone's throw, but they oamo not to tho Gospel-hall. According to tho service I heard, it seems to aot as tho meeting placo of a Mutual Admiration Praying Sooiety. Wo had prayors from nbout 10 different individuals, besides tho chair man or oonductor. Thoy wore much aliko — a good deal of talk about grace which a thief would not understand. One young man, who gloried in having boon " a Binnor," and rejoiced, like Uriah Hoep, in his 'umblonoss, was, howovor, vory confident that ho was saved, and that mnny of us would bo damned. Tho chairman, a vory energetic and enthu siastic gontloman, gave an impassioned address, in whioh he roforred to a young man just dead, who, having livod a sin ner till within the last throe months, hedged at tb.a right moment, and was now — according to the statement — " asleep in Jesus.' (Hp;w do people know these things ?) Tho proceedings wore very edifv ing, no doubt, to rill concerned ; but old not 'appear .to. -bo of the slightest good to O'Brien-laiio. Until tho last wo might be in a chapel in the moat respectable street in London. It is true tho proceed ings wore rather dull (and, speaking as a vagabond, would have quite the opposite effect to converting me), nud the prayers and addresses mediocre, I have hoard better in a little Primitive \Mothodist Chapel in an English cbu. \ village. True, the ' preacher" wns Joseph Arch' one of the finest natural orators in Europo. Before tho last prayor, how- over, the chairman asked that wo should specially remembor the poor outcast girls anil implore blessings on the efforts of tho visitors. I do not wish to run down tho sorvices at this hall. Tho conductors moan well, but there iB too much of the Phariseoiu it, and Lhe Publican does not stand afar oft. He protost altogether by bis absence, and by a few stones banged against tho door by sympathising larri- kins. Too many respectable people go to tno hall — criminals and Mngdalenes will \ not mix with such to bo stared at. One or two enorgetic men litre tho chairman, who would go out into the slums, and bring in to tho service a real outcast to begiu with, would do more good than ton praying amateurs insido. I speak as one who has tried to gauge the thoughts of the unfortunato. This hall does good, no doubt ; but not to the class of which I write. At the othor Gospel-hall I found the assembly even more respectable. There ure oue or two city missionaries and some ladies, district visitors, who do what they thiuk bost iu the lino of distributing tracts, but on the whole I think religion has totally failed to serve us an agent of prevention or reclamation from vice and crime. Tho only good effected appoars to havo boon done by Mr Hill, und he, very wisely, in his work seldom brings ostensibly forward tho religious question. For tho prevon- tiou of crime Government does littlo. The industrial schools aro capital institu tions lor tho reception of neglected children, indeed tho ather day I heard a promioent Government officer vaunting the glories of the Constitution in this wise — " Yes, this is a sploudid country, sir ; if a man has an illegitimate son he may have him sent to an industrial school, then to a free school, and after wards put into a Government billet." Children .who are eligible tu be sent to industrial schools are, according to the act, " Any found hogging or recoiviag alms, or frequenting liny public placo for that purpose or any who are found wandering about or sleepiug in tho open air, without home, settled placo of abode, or visible means; of subsistence ; or any residiug in a -house of ill-fame, or asso ciating or. dwelling with criminals, drun kards, or vagrants, or any having com mitted offences, who shnll, in tho opinion of the justices, in consideration of age or other circumstancos, be sent to on industrial school ; or any whose parents may swear they cannot control them, and who givo satisfaction to tho justices for their maintenance in the school." This is sweeping enough, and if thoroughly carried out to the letter, vory few eliil- pren would be lett in the evil neighbor- 1 hoods of which I have written. Hutlj whilst doing groat good the schools only t retain tho children for a timo, when tkeyf aro discharged, if thoy go back to their criminal friends or relatives. Viey will soon fall into tho hands of- uB- police, and tbon prison or tho reformatory is before them. From the reformatory they aro discharged at the age of 16, just the time when tho passions and imaginations of Australian youth nre most: vivid, nnd whon they require careful treatment. And this seems to me to be the point which has most to be considered — bow to control and divert youthful vice and crimo, or in othor words, how to put down lor- rikinism. Of late years statistics show thut offences ngainst the person and robberies with violence have idimim'shed in Victoria. The polico say that crime j in Molbourne is on tho decrease, with the exception of larrikinism and drunken ness. But all tho old criminals are in gaol or dying out. According to the " Australian Yenr-book, " ' '' after GO years of age one person on tho average out of every 269 of that ago living was! a prisoner throughout tho yenr." It is the new generation of wickedness which 70 havo to fear, and drunkenness and orime are tho two great feeders of crimo in! Melbourno. Day by day the ranks of tho roughs are swelled by juvenile re cruits ; and looking at tho ..population and the condition of our streets, the supply appoars to be inexhau'Btiblo, and tho manner in which they band together and defy tho public and police, and the monoy whioh they seem enabled to ratSO to pay for lawyers and fines, is a proof how dangerous they may become when they have graduated through gnl or Pentridge. Next to tho prevention of crimo is tho reclamation of the criminal. For this, Government has done nothing with tho exoeption of bestowing grants to the amount of £150 to tho Prisoners' Aid Society during the past three years it has boen in oxistenco. In this timo 368 criminals has boen assisted by the society, and only 18 femalos. This society has done good, and is but the boginning of what should bo undertaken by tho state. This is no now idea ; tho state of Mas sachusetts has for years had an offioiiu prisoners' aid society, which has offocted tho greatest amount of good. Othor Amorican states havo officially estnb-- lishod or patronisod such institutions, « and on tho Continent several Govern ments tako care of tho discharged pri soner's faturo. In this connoxion, on article in The Australasian of May b, on " Prison Discipline," should be roan, as it shows tho excellent results to ho obtained from tho system of paid prison labor. Roligion and Govornmont, tlion, at prosont havo littlo offoct on tho on - casts, and privato philanthrophy h® only dono visible good through t offorts of tho Prisoners' Aid Society- Thoro aro Magdalen asylums and l'O- fugos for fnllon womon, but to tho ro outcast thoso aro of littlo avail. B said that tho lidios of Molbourno do no. tako sufficient intoroat in tho fato of tno fullen sistors, nnd that tho reclamatio of thoso can only bo effected thom. I rooogniso fully tho difficult ladlos will oxporience in ntUyptW to doal with this class m Molbomn| It will bo vory disgusting work. i J| for thoy will find tho Mngdnlono bathed in tears, not penitent, but p h bablv drunk, not in the hope of finding nepenthe, but for the mere love of it. According to tho testimony of Mr Cas- tieu a great number of these apend year after year in-'gaDl, "-and -therft is 'little chance of their being reclaimed. I would rather suggest to charitable ladies that they should bestow their attention on the yohDR S'r's wb a''0 being broken in to a ',no-roIr f v'00. Workshop and fac tory s P'ly these in numbers, like tho larrikin' .lass, quite out of proportion to the populati&n;, and, as I have written beforo, somo of theso girls go the road to ruin wilfully, and as easily as the young woman who comes to grief in the first chapter of Mr Jenkins's new work, the Devil's Chain. (This gentleman, in his preface, says tho results he depicts might be possible from the offects of drink. He missed a great chance in not depict ing the death of tho Heir Apparent by being upset through the careless driving of a drunken companion, consequent revolution ana anarchy in England, and smash- up of the British empire, all through " one extra glass." Colonial readers will please notice the plagiarism from Mr Marcus Clarke.) I have not spoken of Chinese vice, that is abnormal and is confined to that race. A few women may cohabit and smoke opipm with Chinamen, young girls may be sold to them, but the crime there is with the white procurers. The danger existing from tho present and future race of outcasts,. in -Mel bourne is not affected by the Chinese element. Met Amis, these imperfect sketches of the unfortunates' wiip are all around you, .whose, f'life. 'is, "brio , of misery, '.sin,,; qrimo, i but.-.little i slmme, are. writ ten by onewho.has himself been down down in the depths.',:- My ' moral is - to point '6ut|p' ydu;''6ffi'cialgv of tli'e Government, to you '.ministers of , the. Gospel, to yoii jyjio;. compose, respect-, able society,.' that your. present; efforts to prevent sin:;and'raclhimT ''thorslnnur are of little avail, aiid'thnt' it. '\vill, be: well for you and your descendants ' if ye take beed quickly/and Government, religion, and. soeietj'-joining'iogetlier turn away the present' tide 'of J'ybritliful' vice from the land, .otherwise; the. future may yet see bitter, fruit, borne fronn the nresenae of the outcast and duntrerous classes of society;- -Arum's"' ; ; 