SWhenf Chaunic6 Bthndoan,' in 1830; y sepped- ashore at New York fi'om the sailing vessel that ad. brought him from England, his wife' leanedr on his arm, h and he was followediby a nureo with'a bundle. This huidle;'whbn uniwapped; Sproved, to be a something soft 'and a round, and highly oriiaminented vitl Sembroidery- a something sith a tia.rl eelloiily short waist and a'mai'vellotaily . rich lace cap-isnsliort, a luxiriousily! a appiselled' baby. -A 'very imprtlitant baby it, was, 'for, ,from love of' it, i latuicey had :relin'quished his 'nobh homestead, w itli the prestigo 'whichl o centuries of possession confers upon a family, had ceased to be the leading man of his cointy, and. had become 'a stranger iia larid which;' however dear to its sons, could be to him but a: place of exile. He had albanidoned allF the advantages of. ancestry and come whoid lie ti?st stand or fall on hisis 'n merits? arid Chauncey wasi humbly conscious that he had'few merits beyonid an honest, genial iiatiire, i capadity fori insaveirving affection,: Whichi in its pateinal doveelop miefit had iideo'` biim 'ni alien" An only so?, we doubbtnot th'att Chauincoy ga've up .his ancestial doriin 'with a? keen pang; but lie gave it ss heartily, and 'nmaide the" beit of it."' 'He had ors dained 'that 'liis own life: shoiild' bi 1clippied' atdidirirow'ed td?ovade a' osursd uipoi hisi child and make' lier existenicd a'benedictibon' Cihtificey Brandon wivas in faot;f unifig ,fwitay from a ghost.-a ghostv whi?i lie 'had 'never 'seen. an whichi lihe never 'exliectd td'?'.ee ? He had loft Ihis pilents anidid nowe sisitej at hisi hoine in England, ?oun " began life fos himself i' his siden ce try. Ho selected is plc c h sid ? bUilti liinself house 'ou~as and'prospered l?e emb oidoro ed i 'isargaret Bran . a pda .-d'sp die th?l at the' Bian- ii dons brhiits hadno hesitati'on a n' et g thlemselves upon the s ome circle they. came and mnade cle wider, and- formed part of it. a e old hoine oer thie sea, with what es joys and sorrows wero attaclied td o it, was scascely mnietidned iii Chaitucey's S liouseliold. Thi English "inuiseo iuled a over the rising geineration of the Brniu S dons,i aid .when staingerss;cominiended ia lie' fasithfilness; Ohliainiiiey ~ ld reply, ' "Ye~~i mosti:valuablo wioiman'i she knowiib s liboi to?h"old hlir to~giue."- Yet he s'et io uhidue vailue on riticence,'and ' iwas iwell pleased that' his wife's' nicely ti :ortded platitudes'fiowed oni each 'day likelithe soft ripple'of a streami. :' ; ps Tim'i paissed, and MaigartB'Banndoi tl was fifteeii?O d plumpreld-cheeked, Eng lish:looking :girl;, who could ride' lies dozen miles; walk sv'er hill and dale, a and eat her dinner:without'minciug, and who 'eschewed pickles' andslate pencils. o Margaret wva.s.neither, intellectual inos ti romantic?; else leasred ?v atlessons she must. had never read the ,"Arabian n Nights' nor anybody aMythology, was d ignorant. of the ltales of chivalry, and ii had lbeen caSefully kept. from hers a mboter's ghostly lore .':She kne?, ilso thing of the unseen, except fsat: hatisho had leasned from liser Prayer-liook. g "..lMargaret was at hoe piano one even tl mg ,rattling off merry.ywaltzes ,withl ' ismall re?lid to .tine; the family sittiig ,chatting aroundlall b?ut, 'the. nursery 1i juiveiiiles,:ialeady tucked in bed in'good i' old Eniglish fashionh: The'night ;bding warm,. the bay-?iiidow, as open,. aiid a the wmind .aved the lace onsitain softly .n to and fro' : Margaret, playgedawith' helr face: towards. the, window. Priesently Ih hsflixfners nmoved'u. ore 'salwl',. theon ceased to press the keys.'. She'roseo, her h ieyes still o the wiindow, and .walled , throighl it inio' the' open air.; After 1a timhe she ame.baclc:itlrodgh th odoor .i ' Wherhoe did:, y?i. o, , Margaret 'f asked hlei mothero idifferefntly, conver g isatioi.having".flagged.. On ithe tortace;'"said 'Mirgaret again sitting down to th'i piano. She s played more `mournful" music no?vl t Foare's "ajewell, faeell, to tiheea Ai aiy:' daulie, ?." Livelier, liveliergirl" cried her fathei, who,would' not let his child:b I othliserie than. gay. Buit Margaret wiande:ed off into a simple saidold song r'ere~i M iesr r Madb'edg " sakid a S,'Its abed-time f ber sd Mhir giare;teb other were lndy lay ing, t u) a ibac ik n "tiest0. " """?,aga:euply yogaetbegan lookin s ioutod cthe ha~ando to esuyt badl m ts ab ot emseid ywa are, tage I ens.osid Iargaet rnet sand agaeeth auendtlyfi theen shl was gone tue minutes thergarn t returned with. a e osdimhe iisga look in her face, h antood ie he ". eAs I toldu; em us atethiswo, henfa oi aboutn- Maste Edwai,,, age on yas Magrt oune ih uosdsu Edward out for ~ alf an hour early every nrniornig,, : 'But. Catlerine no ,longer ga eh':'"er mietr?s' lierhttention;;' shwga\,i s looking at Mish fIar;ga?et: ' S -ho ?ok iold 0of the girl's hands and "caiefully scainned ei' faicd: '"'Its ove now, after all's said ainid done, said Catherine: . I always said' t ws 'no us; i no mnoroit I deed, theoriine, thlre is no occa siolnfor y~out arguei; the doctob , says the early mnroiing air will ?iolp Master Edward." . .. . O.: Oh, Master diard that's sy iured he. is'of small accoint any ivise Wd didii't leav Eigland for himn,". id. the nfiunese anid isalked off. : Mrs 'Biandon gazed aftet te nurse sorsely Guilled; but MI Braidonf fixed his eyes on Margdaret, over whose r iuind yI oung face a'sliaddi came as she li ok bd thiough the bay-wiidclw, as if in searcl of something. " Whlat, troiubles yoy tI aNbting, said the gIrl, unie sld ,, : "Whd:did yoti gojust no "Novwhioere father." . o.. SSpeak fairly, ni g has?comie overtyou. ,fat.oi," f I only saw so? ,- , ' answoerek Masgaret;a luctant dly ? manded bher fathert, t h?u k o,,f doos., i,?; tlio ,ell, by e t: TID ha!tis nothing, some of the er "iOh iso,, father. It " was someone that wanted ." t OChaiuncey anid his wife trembled. f Describe this person, mi y child, said the fathere " "iaigataret.was still lookingout at the r window, aiid spoke slowly, as if seeing e what sie deicribed ': A wonian, father, s with a mbtlierly face, and witli such : big, Add, dark eyes.. . It is her eyes that t ask me to come to heir,.burt wThen I gor slie is lost." r "'What sort of ii perusn is she, clildi asked M rs Branddon. :: "Not ilady; mother- a common sort i ofperson, maybe, cl d ,yet I go to ler;, She has a black , dress-aqueeor i o uc one and a whliite hiandkerchief onheirhead She wants me to comfort lier, mother e and Meagajret' stepped ;quickly, towards Fri fathe' caught hertin his aim. f "i:Don't- faiUcy such.. things, laiagai at: 'Go;to nursee and" tell helir.of it, and go tobed. Nurse illtll 11youi this is non I No sooneri had Margaret left the room I than Mr. Brandonit turning to lhis wife, said; " It:is'theO Bradon ghost..". "Yedsand y6ursister Ano is dead," 't said lhisa wife: .,, Sh lias done withher triouble, and ouir pooi gir has?co;me to herinhei tan," Mr Brandon said,,sadly "I always told you that it would.do do no godto come here, sid Mrs Ban s don ''.' Poet darling M1Tairngaiet, l .Sell; , it isa :blessing tjhtiie : sinants, .aro n ot afraid of th? ghost" Thoeinaitte was kiept, vey quiet foi some weeks'; n.othiig was said to lir- r garet: Gradually the girl cliainged; the ruiddinefssof 'uim : lhealth'died otit c 'of ;o'heeeks; hr ei obiust formi grow leonde?e? the facetlia halied been thught les' ais thiat of a littl child vor a derin?ay expression?."aifagairet'w ith drew; from' her playmates;: and grew. addicted to silent musing. She seemied nieither ill nor unhappy, ..but' ishe was I chaniged; and parents and nurse know I liow the ohage haid come.i. i S1MeRianivhiloe the slow-sailing packet ] had brought'news across .the seathat i ,Annie Brandon, spuastei, hid died'.a Brandon Grange oil tlhb veiy, ev ening i when young Margaret had beenbock oied from he; ra ttling musi: and li ad gone? out'ttlhougli the opeii biay-window i to moet the Brandon ghost:'; Clui'indey diew his dafiht?r to his I side one evening as hle sat on the heliahis tiido of one of thlieifiiny , votlalin s of thiel?houise :Ho encibcled his; child's 1 waist with his aim, and said softly, i Have you any moe willd fancies, umyi child 7"-' - ' : I have no fancies,, fatlher;'? said, Madge, seiously," i "But do you see, th? strago?-,the womanithatseemed to call you "_ ' 1 "S ' he isno uy, n fafa r? Ye , Is ee e Where 4 :How oafte:n .;.,' "I cannot tit ll how often,;: and, she t comes to m;e., everywhoi.. Sometimes slihe sits by my bed at imght; smetiies calls me away to some room or to some a comertr of the grd n"'.." ;qDoeselse sl pak. t .. ou" uch.yo- . i Oh' no I, lisie i satisfiedol.whon I come and .fades aWmyy.'~ .* . : K , a "Noi fathoi, ;But hachl. timo .that c he loolk si Cat'mo I'feal asif jhe drew. a pai~t ofmy life, iiiysopl, something. i that is tiongesti mu.me, out to horself. o Fathi',I aii dt tlheonly one that has seen hlir; I: lio' .it,,I .,.feel it:, Do y'u kinow, can you t?ell ii,.is sho0iot. ii some being that ,h'islive' yedas: and t years ~by. drawiing the stength of itiose. like'me,with her. eoyes '" : 1 :: . O " Margaret ,said Olihauney, h?dling f hisidhild fast iid shivoring' as hie sp?ko, c I' sels ik a motlitr: seen by the women of I "And do they,,dse',young, father I' p 7 asked the girl, bending closer to hlim. "No. I have known those that sr livedlto bo grey ; and your aunt Annie I was nearly as old as I am." if CGiaddally,Margaret's peculiarity ba d caie to bo nloticed,, and the story of 'a tle"Braidon gliost got "abioad. S"' I vents' began to. be'hafraid of living, vj Ithe family who hald such a diss ,f a ialieiriteaicet and friendis beca 'isale d th'em, believing M?iigae toi ?ocently 1 a As the poor girl was; e gg. sis. r spoiling the prospects o asiie ihad d tois, Chauncey dtei wenty three to a Snow reahied the ag Sfind h'e a sblisa isa rin ýv? hii h fixed his o twenty miles:distdit ii Schant, i onest, dgreeablb, .well-beorn' , SHoW mannered young fellow, some . and thiee yeatrs Margaret'' se?ior. o t i was no inervousness, no imagina- C. oni no6 sispectibility aboiut him; he t. was a full-bloodedoyouth,..witd a mellow o voice andd aufailing appetite "for, good h dinners.?' With this excellenti young d peirson Chauncey's acquaintance grew; n it ?a;s a terbible bowing ofthe English t gentlemiai's ptroud soul to, cultivate. a friedshili° for: such all eld,;iiand offer i ins dauighter isestead "of Iinviig. heir asked for. But as. we have ,scen, d Chaiuncey,was aian iithat could' do any- In t'eina" while t yout?? ul li tmerhalnt C belived thliat?is own vtliits'causeadhini g tob sought;'niid plunmed himself upri' liis own fascinations,, Wiheni; afte?iha= Ii aiug often s.hpoken o f .his .dauigliter, I Chauncey iffered her hiand and her for- N tnune to his iiw frieod;'thlat 'ficoid still h fonidly d?anmed' that hias iown innate o goodness lad securedd ihim a wife and ii ,means, to build ip an oeteided and ie inaaiidtve biusinessu. He accepted with fi ailacbity. No. soonedi:did he begin to tl speak of hils prospecitsthan kind friends ¶ Ielated to liiiq the facts of Maigaret's inl sanfity; vli erover. he 'went:tie rumour I reacihed ,his uinwilling; carsm,. He had e met Migareiet, anfd she liad pleased him b ivll; . bit a ciay w:ifo, an.loeirloom of I insanity 'fo:.his futureo children, were imore thai hei anticipated ian agreeing to becJlime M??rBBiaidln's sodn-in-laiv. g He;,w?as an lhonourableo young .man, and I lee.weint to Mr Brandoln frankly for an ex:planatioii. ; g PeorClaunceyI Ho bowed likel a buhsh ii n sh a storm.; then unfolded. his a flierily hisetery. .:. iThe ironii meirchanti sliok his head a "I ceannolt leeieve in tho supernatural, ii my deaflsirs;e I have not the least faith in g?eosts, bt iunfortfiaiately maniss are ,lereditary. Inemarryiag your daiughtei h1 and indeed'I greatly admire her-I e I sholildallke a iburden tliat ?l.as piroved 'too heovy fi. youi-te, birden of .in "anity aniong my children." :, Me r: Biandoncould lbave combated this;elibt li??would: not press hi's cioss upon otlier oople.a:: "Foprgive me,?if I s.eni to have dealt=i nfairly by you,'"' i' said, bit 'indeed I haio been.sorely a ,tried. ,' (r:~: ;: : ,. r. : ...: . u " ,Dearasir,, answered the young man; "you hiave o6ffoeed lie' great honouis ' iand a great ad;ntagoe; padoii me if I Thuis the iron nieichant iassed outn of hliauncey'B ianidon's life,, aid for the next 'few years the poerplexed faithe vi made 'no fuither effort.to marry off. his daughter, aiid .th doomestic disculties thickened:,., Still Mrs Brauidon ,urged a ?enewal of miatrimonialloffers inMairgaret's beo halfto' some party who might be eligi- t iles, aud Fate throwe into Me rBrandlon's I neighbourhood., a .young .'plysician, a Horace .lorrill. Dr. iMerrill loved .8 Niothing so well- as books. Hampered i lby poverty, he liad by. great sacrificeis t obtaineda classical and .professional I education, but he .was the student rather 'thai' the physician. ',.Heo adored theo?, , lie.. abhborred practice; hle longed- to a pursue his"investigations ,in quiet, he loathed tlhe exerise .of, his profession. I He was refined in mannoe, akind of heait, ~a reclse by nature, but being burdened by debts was driven mlnongmon to. toil a for meansto.. pay thoseo .debtsi; After mio ithls. f acquaintance, he said. one 1 dayi, OliaCuncoy, I dotest: my busi ness. I'd give anything, do anything, - to get money enougl to pay what I owe, and. live .plainly, i peace with my 1 "'Is that so -" said Cliauncoy. , '!You a are a good man, anid I cali trust- you. t I, will give; you my, oldest girl and a thirty, thousand dollars.; Most likely a you have heord hler history ." , .?"aIhve heard it said :.that.slse was I insane, bit. I do iio? think sheio looks I eo,i said' Dr. Mereilil.,: 'v She sisno moie insaine:than you or t I.;.slie ha5 simply inhrited. a curse- P she se ,thce.Brandoea ghost, but .ghosts are unknownin 'America. .l ; ¶w:Ivosild i tilto Iona your version p of the: storJi, said the doctor. • i Hundrehds of years ago, in the law. less feudal.times," said Chauncey, "none i of: my ancestors carried off from her a village home a lovely maiden, a widow's a only child. H·e kept her close prisoner a in his housoe. , He was rich and strong,' i the mother poor .and weak: she could got no redress, could not recover her 1 child; all.she could do., was to haunt a the house, going about it day and night, r crying and calling for her daughter . Heart-broken. mothler, :injured child, o 'and:lawlecss, BrandIon,;died at last, bhit r oa-oi sinoe, v ith thqg wild. lning tg hai' e -- -i rl, that mother pur. h. se had for taughters of the house. .t sues the old them with her eyes ; it e She can ~had filial feeling for her, is asf blood ran in their veins, and IsP lk had fed them. They obey bee f?, they go to her longing eyes, as her mprisoned daughter could not go." Dr. Morriil shook his head:." In sanity transniitted from mother,. to daughter, anid explained.~ by a faniiful legend." : aYoue are niistalken thes eldest daughters are all childless :Tlhey die spinsters, or wives that hive never been, mothers. " But you say the cm e ywas con mitted '.by an. man. Hol? ,unjust to imagine, that Heavei would .vies?ithe iwrong on the voine of the race 1': C oauncey replied, as one who ad often thiought on the subject, "Itis compensatiot to the defiauded ooiither thus to claim' foi. ever daughliter in our' hiouse. Moreover, the curse falls heaiviest on the fatheirs, who see their daugliters doomed. These women do not' fear the' Bi?iidon ghost-itib seems: a part of themselves, -but ,the ,fathers ;- Alh' I know their misery ;",.and tears rani down his' face.:,: '' ' beak in th'tli cliaih of livessiiglht destroy tlhe visittib;n,' said tle doidto, msusingly. "There hali's ben a break:" sid COlhauny "M auit o saw this ghost; died tin modths befote my siati.t Annio v?as boin: thiere wVas then'. no living' diiughfters 'of. itl?e Brandoiis. Dsiring tlhose.i months, iii the c"alimest w?eatlihe, wiids wailed tliiough all the hoiuseo; shbblhook the walls, ied id'iithe liiinmheys, sobbed alorig the entries and in loiiely rooms; while not aleaf stirred ,nor?a glass-blade bent; and no blazing fires;: io buists of misic, could biaiish ,the chilliioss and' the mouining cries. Then Annie was bornher;", contention ceased,r and "the "vexed; ghost .of: the Brandonhs had ."itso o'va again.;:, In eailiest iiifanoyg the babe sawa presence by"the canidle iniisible 'to~all beside. Its: eyes, to young to ,answer .to the smile of nurse or mother, responded to the loniging glances of the Briandon ghost:; The child iii its nii'e's lap lbegan to stretelh it artums to go. to som,e one who beckoned,' and laving grown.and gained it feet, it ;would tuin ,its first steps: to follow' somethling wooio g it across lial' ot swah d. I cannot describe ,to you, the longing, yeaiining looki that always reosted on Annie's face" fiomn infanicy to girlhood, frodi' girlliood" to womanhood." "The doctor-musied: 'Thes daughters heaiid the "story until it possessed' thhe i the tale r?'odiced' these i: esults in them n" "No, said Chaliuincey "Witli the sad mnemoiy of Annie sbabyhood befoi'e me, I sbsapraited iiyselff m lihome aiid fiiends: came wli here 'oie kekno;' ouhi histdry, never permiiiited' one . word of it to be breathied; ainid ME"iigar i . was as.innocent of all,this story as a b:lab unborn, titil, on the night wlihet Ainie died,. sheli awand followed tlie Bianddn At all event," sanid Dr "Mrril, "if you and Margaret consent, I ill na'rry yaour daghter Striy onomo mont :; does. this c ghdost ever" touch: its Yes =I oice once only: And w r l, " :r. ,e , J;:, "Attl lio 'rhof death =a;mother's ' Thdocto maried Margaret.. They travelled lier `and thene: lie was kind hand true, sie was content;, but still ;'' thl?ough'l?batever chango: of scene, iii spite of hier husbaind's most learned discussions and. irfoduidest theories,. she saw the Biandoin ghost. Di; Meriill, witli the inost 'unanswer able, arguments, could prove that the ghost was a mere creature of the im agination.: lIHoe demonstrated to Mar garo6t:tl w t hat she saw was simply hdr owi' dreanii Photographed on the aiir. But he had never seen the ghost, and his aiguments satisfied only him self. Ten 'years had plassed by. Mrs Brandon had seen all her daughters mnarried, and her troubles seemed gone -gone'witl Margaret audthePresence. Doctor Merrill found the woes of the Brandons shifted to his household. The curiosities and scandals, the outbreaks among servants, the interference and the avoidance, bore heavily upon him, and he resolved to return where Mar garet's early history was known, and where some at least understood her. He bought her a house necr Chauucey's house. People noted how Margaret had al tored. Her hands were almost trans parent, lher figure fragile. There was a patient, waiting smile on her lips, a longing in her violet eyes. Poor Mar garet I Strangers looking at the woman whispered that her husband was less than kind-tlhat she mourned unceas ingly because she was " childless among women." Bult her whito- haired fathler shook his head. HoI kinew how in her veins throbbed, with a pain deadened, it is true, by the lapse of conturies, thei ravished daughter's wild longings for liher mother's arms; hie know how her slow pillse beat in accord with that mother's crying for her lost treasure., Still, the shadowv of tlhe Unseen grow over Margaret's face. The ghost was neareor, now ; itstood close to iher chair, nod walked wvithsin the space where bier shadow fell. Still, as the longing eyes drew more of her life, Margaret's small strength dwindled away. Now she kept her chair, and now her bed; and nearer than husband or nurse a watcher. stood, unseen by all but Margaret. So she lay, and her life was ebbing like the tides ; and now she lifted her weak arms suddenly, as if she hold some neck in loving clasp, and the Brandon ghost had satisfied once again its mother-cray. ing, had kissed her, and she was go io !? \--JULIA MONAIR WRiorT, in? Ladies' 