The Recent Murder in Queens- land - Strange Apparition. The Maryborough correspondent of the Brisbane. Telegraph, writing on the 24th ult., says:-" The night after the enquiry as to the sudden death here of a woman named Rixson (when a verdict of death from natural causes was returned) a man named Adamson going home across the reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laugh ing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes fightable if you but smile when he narrates his experi ence. This is what he saw - First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certan it was a drunken nigger. Mus tering all his courage he walked towards the object. As he drew near he was seized with a violet shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his head. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs Rixson! Then came a voice, " I am the murdered wife of Rixson!" The apparition then placed one of its hands over its mouth,'; and the other on its throat, and -disappeared. Adamson does not know how long he remained on the reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice and told his extraordinary experience to the police, and they growing suspi cious, arrested Rixson and Lydia Quiipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repea- ted in the Police Court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixson took a "down" on his wretched' wife. He cohabited' with her but one night. The remainder of the week of his wed ded life he slept at the woman Quipps' lodgings. He frequently swore that he would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning, March 15, he left Lydia at six o'clock,' and went to his garden to dig her some sweet po tatoes. In about half-an-hour he re ,turned, and while delivering the potatoes said, "I have been and done for my wife." The woman answered, "Good God, I" will never speak to you again as long as so,y name is Lydia Quipps." Then he held her by the winddpipe, saying, 'This is the way I did it.' Afterwards Rixson said to her, ' So help my God I have not done it ;" and left her. In conse quence of the additional evidence the body was exhumed; a second post mortem examination held, and Dr Little on being recalled, gave it as his opinion gathered, from the re-examina tion, and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangulation. That is the case. Rixson seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered, and it is believed that the remorse, if he is capable of it-which visited Eugene Aram will induce him to make a full confession of his guilt. 