MIS MD SKETCHES.' ? -» MADCAP VIOLET/ BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of A Pmnck3s of Tuule, Tubeh Feathers. &c;, &c.; cuvi'ter xviii.— ca3ti.b bandbox, n.b.— (Continued). Now that afternoon, whether it was that he con* aidercd something due to the 12th, or whether it was that ho wished to provide, the small housa hold with gamo sufficient to give him two or three days' idleness, Mr. Drummond went seriously and diligently to work ; and by dint of firing a great many times, whether the birds rose wildly or hot, he managed to make a bag which even satisfied Fetor. As thoy walked homo, indeed, in tie evening, Fotor was quite choerful and loquacious — in his grim fashion, that is to say, for in his most mirthful momonts ho spoke in a discon tented, quorulous tone, as if he dared not admit to bioisolf that he had nothing to grumble about. And on this occasion his unwonted levity took the form of tolling stories about a relative of his, one John MacFarlane, who was keeper to Mr. Mac lean, of Carn-Sloo ; and tho aim of those stories, so far as could be made out, was to show that John MacFarlane was a stupid man who said arid did ridiculous things, but that all the sam6 John MacFarlane was more than a match for the .Eng lish, who were more stupid still. ' Ay,' said Peter, ' there wass a ferry cleffer Englishman, and he will know all about the stones and the rocks, arid he will Bay to John, ' John, you boliof in your Bible, and you belief that all the people that hef lived in tho world will rise again on the last day ;' and Joha, ho will say, ' Yes, sir, I bolief that.' . And tho Eng lishman, ho will say, ' Now, John, I. will tell yon something ; and it is this, that if the wholo world wass made of phosphates, there would not bo enough of phosphates to make bones for all tboso people ; and what do you say to that, John?' And John, he will not wait long for his answer. ' Well, sir,' this wos3 what Johji will say, ' the. Bible will toll us that them that are dead in -the Lord will rise Cist ; and I am sure there will be plenty of phosphates for them ; and . as for the wicked people, I do not care if they, hef not a leg to stand on.' Aud it wass a ferry good answer to gifto tho Englishman.' ' It was a very good answer, but it is a very wicked story, Peter.' 'There wass another story,' continued Peter, -with a twiaklo in hia eye, but the same grum bling tone in lib voice, 'forry wicked; but many's the timo I will hef a laugh at that atory. That wasa about two men in a boat, and the. night it waa bo black thoy could not find their way into the harbor at all, and the wind it wa33 blowing ferry hard. And the one he say3 to the - other, ' Duncan, you muat gif a prayer now, or wo will neffor get into the harbor at all.' And Duncan, he saya, ' I canna do it ; you maun do it yourself, Donald.' And Donald, he will say, ' Tam yon, Duncan, if you do not gif a prayor, we will be trooned assure as death, for I can see nothing but blackness.' And so it was . that Duncan' wiU stay in the stern of the boat, and ho will kneel down, and he will say, ' 0 Lord, it iss fifteen years since I hef asked you for anything ; but it will be another fiftoon years before I will ask you for anything more, if you will tok the boat into, tho harbor.' And then, sure enough, at this mo ment there wass a great sound of the boat going ' on the beacb, and Donald, that wass up at the . bow, he will cry out, * Stop, Duacap,' donofpr^y-. any more ; do not be beholden to anybody, be.* kass the boat's ashore already.' ' . ... ' It seems tome, Pater,' said hia companion, alowly, ' that- there is a great deal of latdat vil lany about you.' . ' . ? ? 'What, sir r 'Yon are a jiber and a jeerar at solemti things.' ? ?-' ? ' Indeed I am not, sir,' said Peter, iadig* nantly. 'A story is3 only a story, and you will' get a laugh froni it ; and the man who is3afrait o£ a story iss a foolish man, whether ho iB3 an Englishman or wholhor ho iss not an English man.' .-....-. ? 11 In my country they don?t undentattd joking about suck things, Peter.' ' ? ' Kott ploss ma,' sir, in your country I am not sure that they will undorataud anything,' said Peter, coolly. ' . Tiis general proposition Pdtor procoodid to' joa- ' tify by quoting in3tanco3 of oxiraordiaary jgo.or anco oa thopart of English 'pooplo' whom ho had mot— people who did not knovr tho difference bo tweon a soa-troat and a grilse, wlio callod a loch a lock, and wore kid glovc3 who'n they wont out shooting. Mr. DrumtnonJ ' listened with groat ' Published by special arrangement with tho author. ▲II rtghU rooovvod. ' patioucB and iu Bilence, apparently deeply aahaoio J of hia country and countryman.' And now^ aa thoy traJged along iho solitary road, tboy got down iuto tho valleys ; and though thoro was a woodod hill on thoir loft that shut off tbe aea- they aaw by llio groat blase of. crimson ovor tho dark lino of the trees that tho sua.was Betting in the west ; whilo in tha wido and ailont hollow before tli3m, ovor the cold grooaa o£ the marsh, a-paJ* white mist was beginning to gather. Soddorily, howovor, thoy got out oE this pale and coldvvalloy., and wore confronted by all tho ba wiidoriijg colors of tho sunset .over, tho.aea. Along tho western skio3 lay a BUliry and dusky roduo33 — a confused, mist of colored light; anl tho mountains of Mull and of Morvpn, rising into it, wore of a beautiful reddish-purplo, and seamiugly transparent. . Out there tho long greon islands wero growing dark ovor tho silver gray oE tha soa^ —a silvor-grey broken by oliva-greon splashes as tho water lapped round tha rocks ; but further out still/the sea was a smooth plain of crimson, bowildoring to tho bye, and causing ona long neck ol land to look as black as jot. Thoy wero in tho land of gorgeous sumota; and the stranger had not aa yet become familiar with such splendid exhibitions of color. It wxi with a dtunb-. regret that he had to turn away from the shore again, and take to the hills, though now the warm red light was shining across tho slope3 of heather and bracken. The small white hsajo on tho high knoll gave him a kindly welcome. A pair of swallows wero flying about tho gablo3. A tiny torrior wagged hor tiil aa he approached. Thoro wasa-sfioat of maado iv-sweat in. the evening air. Threo brace of groase, throe hare3, a rabbit a Uraco of snipe, a black-cock (shot by misad veaJuro, apd carefully hidden away at the foot or Uie game-bag by the unscrupulous Peter), and a land-rail : this was the spoil which tho mighty hunter ha 1 brought home, and which ho stoutly contended waa all that a man could get; off that piece, of ground in a single day. Nevertheless there waa a fiorca war. of words . during that cvening.meal at C:i3tlo Bandbox ; and proposals to call in Peter to givo testimony as to tho number of mis363. Tho hunter treated these suspicions with scorn. l Greater peace prevailed when tho small house hold camo out again into tha cool evening— indeed, they were struck ailont by tho trans formation that had come ovor the world. All rounxL'tho horizon.the great: mountains -were black as night ; over them was the smooth and lambent cxpanso or/the sky, with the full orb of the moon glowing ia.its mellow light ; far away, in the eaai, overiho black range of the hills, a planet burnei clear in the blue. Then the moonlight fell un-the- furze, and brackeaa near them, touching them with ft soft grey ; 'while along the slopes of tho mountains behind them, vwhere there* were strips of cultivated land, it' lit up those' small patches of corn almost to a silver whitene33 among tha ebony-biack shadows of the overhanging rocks. There was not a cloud in the clear dark heaven?, nor a murmur from the. far expanse of the sea.- . , . .? ? . Theyweptaway down to the shore, and got out a small rowing-boat, and rowed away from the land; It was. tb.0, t\vo girls who palled ; and the sound of thoo.ara 'was tho only sound to be heard in tho stillness. oE.tho night ; for even a certain loqua :ioos philosopher did not choose to break the mystic silence Ibat reigned over the world. Tho rocky shores they had left behind became blacker arid blacker ; the points of orange fire that told of distant cottages became smaller and smaller ; the whito moonlight glittered on the wet blades of the bars. Mull and Morven were awful in their gloom, -whero the great mountains seemed to be alone wjth/the, stars. .:..-. ' Wiat a dreadful thing it would be,' Violet Baid, letting her oar rest for a minute, 'to go up one of those mountains at_night, all by yourself —you would imagine every sound was something horrible—' :..?'. ? '.'Now Yiolet, that is all founded on a common mistake,' said another voico, ' Just think what you would do if you wero a ghoat. You wouldn't go away into lonely places, wh'ere 'you could boo nothing, of a cold sight, and prowl about rthore. Wouldn't yon rather take a nice .warm forenoon, and sit invisible- on a stile, and seo the-, country -folks drive by to market in the brisk sanabine? I do believe that ghosts are frisky -fellows, and wouldn't frighten you for the world. -Often, when I. am passing a wood, I wonder 'whether any oE .them are sitting on the fence, Laving a quiet hob-nob among themselves, and pojrhaps laughing at the way you walk. Of course,- If ghoata could plague people by appearing at nightr they ought always to plague rich people.- Tho night is the day of the poor ; then they hartfe.avory thing redressed and mado right in their dnjams. A rich man in actual lifo. can't enjoys htesolf half so much as a poor man who dreams'' he is rich, or a neglected man who dreamsriio is famous, or a aickly man who dreams ho is an-athloto. But do you know who must havo tho happiest dreams in tho world?' Nobody did know. . 'A.dogj Thoy are fall of life and action, without «morse. And were you over asked a connndram; in a dream, tho answer to which it cost yo.u& deaparate effort to make out ; although of coursoithe one side of your brain that mado the conundtanxmuat have known tho answer all along? In°goh)g-to&leep;, too, haven't you had & clear and dbjig^tful consciousness that yoar per* coptiousvapd fancies were growing quite tho rovorscuof clear— the confusion meaning the approach of tho sleep you are waiting for? Then there, is-another— — Gracious goodae33,' what's that !''! Ho bad been intorruptod by a load splash, apparently proceeding from a rock some forty or fifty ;gc8C3 -off. . 'It ijiujt havo beoa a seal,' said ho ; and thereupon ho bogan to tell his companions aa ex citing story of au eldorly and near-sightod gentle* man wlio camo back to hia hotel pno day. com* plaiaing that he had fired throe bulleta at a- soal but ini£3'odhim oich timo ; and of s negro who cimo running in to declare, in wrath and indig nation, that; whilo bathing, ho bad been fired at threat itaoi from tho shore and had hia ear cut off. Everybody knew that that true legond was about threo minutes old. By and by thoy sot off again for tho shoro, and When thoy Iiad put up Mr. M&cloau;'d. boat, tho/ proceortiod to walk away op iato tUo bills, wUora tho moonliglit was ehining coldly on tho fitono walls, the furzo-busihes.and tho scattered patches o£ corn. The voices of two -young girb broke tho eilcnco of tho night, singing an old school-song they had of ton sung togethor. Tfien they bado farewell to the nu^ic world of moonlit sea, and mountains, and sky ; and a.peacoEuI, bountiful and momorablo day camo to a wolcome end ! If ono's life could all bo made up of such. ! OxiAPTBa XIX.— Adba. So tho brisk, bright days and weeks wont by ; and the ceasoloS3 round of aclivitio3 in tho open air— whother the blue seas by shining in tho light, or tho fiorca Boutb.-we3t winds sent tho foam flying high ovor tho rocks— brought glad health and happiness to this little bind of strangers, and plonty of sun-brown to their faces. Violet had by this timo quito simply and natu rally fallen into hor position in tha household. She felt so thoroughly at homa that she never thought of the time when she had been only a visitor ; and to her friends it S9emoi as though sho had always been with them. Sho would have baon well content— a3 she frankly told Mrs. Warrenor one evening — to spend tho re3t oE hor Ufa with them up hore ia this Highland cottage. A woman cannot occupy a place in a house hold without having some sort of occupation ; and it was almost insensibly that M133 Violet, while uolping Mrs. Warrener in certain things, managed to create a naw series of duties for her self. The30 bad for their open and ostensible object the greater care and comfort. of that some what shy potentate who presided over this house hold of women ; and it is probable that any other man than himself would have bean embarrassed by these attentions. Ho accepted them, however, as a matter oE course, which greatly pleased the giver oE them, who never felt so proud and glad as when he asked hor to do soraethiug for him — not in tho language in which one would beg a favor from a visitor, but in a much more curt and familiar way. So it came about that no ono thought of interfering with Miss Violet in hor self-imposed duties, which wore- performed with a scrupulous care and accuracy. When Mr. Drummoad camo. down of a morning, he never noticed' that his slippers were invariably in tho same spot ; ? that hit; table-napkin .was nevor missing ; that the newspaper which had arrived by post was careEully opened, cut, folded and placedbe3ide hia plate. His ? shooting-boots and legginga were always at . hand tho moment he wanted them; his gun— which seemod to keep marvellously' clean, although. Peter absolutely declined to polish it every day — awaited him in tho corner ; there were always the proper number of cartridges in tho bag. Nay, aha had suc ceeded so far in becoming bis henchman that, after having assisted him on several occasions in measuring out powder and shot for the cartridges, she hod made bold to make tha cartridges her self, out-and- out, and never wero cartridges more accurately constructed. She kept a game book ; but aho reEiued to compare the number of cartridges she mado with tha number of en tries in that small volume. His pocket-flask was always mysteriously full ; she invariably prepared the luncheon bag ; on the fine daya aho and Amy would walk out to meet him— and he conld recognise the proud and graceful carriage of the girl a mile oil— aud on tho wot days, sho bad dry socks and slippers awaiting him. No matter what ha wanted, it seemed to be always just by; and ho did not know what pleasure ha gave her in falling into the habit of invariably turning to her with a ' Violet, I wish you would ' do this;' or '^Violet, I wish you wo.uld.do that.' Mrs. Warrener was amused ; but : ventured to .: remonstrate. ; ? ' ? - ' Violet, do you know that you are 'becoming' James's slave ?' ,....'. -. The girl flushed for a second ; but al] the same . she said, with a smile — 'I don't care, so long as I have so good a master.' As for him, he seemed to take her presence in the house 03 a matter of course ; and made fun of her, or lectured her, or teased her, with an absolute freedom of intimacy and friendliness. And yet there were ono or two subtle distinctions between his treatment of her and his treatment of her companions which she did not fail to notice. In walking about tho mountain- paths in tho evening, ho was in the habit of taking tho hand of his companion ; but he never took Violet's hand. When he was impressing some profound moral truth, in enigmatical language, upon bis sister or bis niece, he frequently put his baud on the patient listener to enforce hia precepts : he never put hb hand on Violet's shoulder. Sometimes, indeed, he seemed to 're* call to himself that she was a guest in the house, and ought to be treated with a special kindness and respect,' rather than with an easy familiarity,^ and thereupon, ho would inijiko somO epsay 'iii feftf ' direction. . Ho/^'-^l^^w^how.Vthos^^effqija;'' at once- perceived.; by (net-quick ^cnaitivQUess;o£ tho girl, wouuded her to tho. heart, bo~ that,' instead ofbfelng p'loaatfl b/^bisfgentle courtesy, aho w1$ty'M$i&$%fiyjtf$?* pwi' «&)?*'. and buntiiiajo ^eaV3.ojrier-w£$fc.sa.omed i rapittre^ of the old add friendly, relations between tbo master and his slave. But although she was hurt when ho'endeavored to treat her with respectful consideration, she, on the oth.er band, was fierce enough.it any ono failed-.-to show sufficient respect for him. If a boatman, encouraged by the jocular freedom of Drummond'a manner and speech, became in the faintest degree familiar, ho received a reminder there and then, which he was not likely to forget. She had completely overawed old Peter; who wa3 at first sulky, then betrayed a sort of grumbling admiration of liar courage ; and fiually said sho was a fine loss, and must have something batter than English blood in her veins. Indeed, she seemed inclinoi to check ovor familiarity on the part of Mr. Drammond's own sister and nieco. Tho master of tho house waa tho master of the house. Oao evening ho had just got homo from the shooting, and bad- been stopped at tho door by his sister, who called aUoution to tho singular' light shining across tbo sea. Tho sky was covered over with thick purplo masses of than derbus cloud— almost blsck ihoy wero, indeed, except whoro ono bold slit showed & glimpse of tbo high sunny groon of tbo sunset ; whilo under neath this koivy and ominous sky a groat flood of yollow Ufitit camo ovor from' tho vrest, causing 'tbo masts of ono or two yachts to' gleam likoj silver against tho black clouds. ' Why, hero come3 Violet up tbo road ; she has been down persuading Mr. Morrison to giva us a pioco o£ ' beef for to-morrow. Ho won't listen to anybody but her. If it wasn't for her, wo should Iiavo nothing bat mutton from oao week's end to the other.' Tho girl was coming along the valioy at » good pace. 'Do you know,' said Mr. Drummond, tathor absontly, ' that it is a happiness to mo — a posi* tivo delight — merely to goo that girl walk. Tho proud gracefulness of her figure— tho freedom of her stop— it gives ono a sense of her having per fect Bymmetery of form and splendid health — -*?' ' I don't know what we shall do without her# now wo havo got so well accustomed to her,' said his Bister, ruefully. ' Ah, yes, of course,' he said, with an effort to look brisk and matter-of-fact; 'o£ course alia will go'; that is but natural —tho young bird flies from its nest 03 soon as it has wings. WeB, Violet has made, our little placo brighter alow 'sho has been with U3.' His sister stood silent for a moment. 'I declare,' she said, 'I cannot mako ap my mind about that young man. Sometimes I like bim ; sometimes I bate him. If we could only look ahead a few years, we should know better what to do ? ' ' You forget, Sarah,' said her brother, soms* what stiffly, ' that neithor you nor I have any thing to do with that matter. Why should you talk aa if you were responsible ? Tho girl is oil enough to j udge for herself.' ' If you lorod Violet as I do, you wonld bo more anxious,' said Mrs. Warronor, with a sigh ; for she could not understand how her brother, ordinarily ao solicitous about the welfare ol everyone around him, should betray an absolute indifference as to such an important quostioa 03 .Violet North 'a marriage. The conversation was iu any case broken ap by the girl herself, who came .up through tbe steep little garden with a fine flush oE color in ber face, and with gladness in her dark eyes. She was glad to have secured the piece of beef ; glad to have escaped tho rain ; glad to have Mr. Dram mond's gamebag to explore. These were sufficient reasons for the bright look on her face; but ia* deed Mrs. Warrener bad remarked ever since their arrival in these Highlands that no especial erase was needed to bring that happy iit tie- light into Violet North's eye3 which now always dwelt there. 'Now, Violet,' she aaid, putting the girl's band within her arm, aud taking hor off for a little walk round the plateau (Mr. Drummond having gone into the house), 'I have a secret to tell you. That is, vie thought of keeping it a secret— to give you a surprise ; but perhaps it is fairer I should tell you. Mr. Millar arrives to morrow evening.' . - Violet stopped suddenly ; and unconsciously withdrew her band from her friend's arm. ? ?? Why should that boa surpriso—or a secret— for me?' she asked, coldly. . Mrs. Warrener smiled in her gantle way : tha pretence of indifference on tbo part of those girls about their lovers was charming. ' . ' I thought he was a friend of yours, Violet,' sho said, with demure sarcasm. ' I hope it is as a friend of your own that you have asked him to your house,' responded the girl, .' I should have said we wore happy enough' with out him.'' ' ;; ' '/'?'??.?/??.' ??'?a ?'? ??'' This was a littljj too much.' ?''??? ? ((Do you mean to say, Violet'; you' will not bo pleased to'see him:?' her friend asked— but tha question was hardly a serious 'one.' ' ' '* ? : 'Of course I shall be glad' I'd feffa him— aa I should be to aeo :any 'other frien;d,'ahswered Mica Violet withtbe same' proud iridiffercaw. |fBot —but I thought wo were comfortable enough without visitors— and I hope it is not on my account that you have asked Mr. Miller to coma aero.' s ' ? ' Her cheeks began to turn red ; and it was clear that affectation of indifference was rapidly going. ' I scarcely think it i3 fair — ' *he waa beginning to say, in quicker accents, whea Mrs. Warrener gently stopped her. ? ' Don't be vexed,- Violet. Of -course, a girl does not like to have hor privnto feelings known, or even guessed at, where a gentleman is con* ceraed ; and I must toll you at once ihat Mr. Miller would havo come to see us whether you had been here or not. ' He was asked' to come a long timo ago. He is very fond oE shooting and yacht ing ; but as there was no shooting worth' speaking of, James thought he had better wait till' now, and go with us in the Sea-Pyot-:— *' ? 'Ob, keia going, isbe?' said Violet, quiftkl}1;11 ; 'Yes; stf-rbelievev 'tfou-kraortUtfia is plontj ? of room in that b'rg:boat;';'(1 : ?' ';-v ? ??'?? ' '. Nothing 'more' was said at'rWmomBtrtv- -Violet made ?fiomo'escuse; land' wOUtindiots. Tllerd'sho ' gofc'hbld of-Amy ?Wai'ren6f,-*attJfa3k!e'd1that young ? lady to come ihttf'hef 'r'oohiRJttiii'mrite.1 ?She'allut . the door, and.saJiSJdbiffn;^^; '%^ ?£., ^''.T v ; Vlt'ii'aU'.oVflrrndw'^'.lahesaid. . ' ' '?-?'' 'What is all over now, Violet?' ' ' Her bands were folded in her lap-; her eyes fixed idly on them. - ' ? ' ' ' ' ? ' AU the pleasant time we have - been, ape-riding up hero—it aeems a long time, and yet it hia passed quickly, Chod-bye to it : I. shall never forget.it— never !' ? ? ? . . 'What do you mean, Violet?' , 'A stranger is coming to-morrow; ; and . every thing will be different.' '.' :„ . -, ' A stranger ! Do you call Mr. Miller a stranger 1' ' Ob, you knew about it, too ?' said Miss Violet, raising ber eyes quickly. 'Wnywasitall kept secret from mo?' 'Why?' said the yottnger girl, with Banw embarrassment. 'I aupposo mamma fancied you would not care to havo such-thin^a spotcsa abOUt..', ? ? . . :_, ..../-,',.... ,..:?' . ' Whatt tilings?' she demanded, rtfioost fiercely.'' ; Her young companion waa geutlo' oiioagh ; bat ovoaeie could ba goaded. ' ' .,. ''.''' \ ' You know quito'woU you Aio jengagei to'biqn* Violst ; and what is tho use- of making a myster/ about Hf'-ahe said, sharply. -..'...; 'I know quito well- 1 am'notlung of 'tho- sort; I know quite well I shall 'never bo ongagoi tr bim — cover!' said tho girl, vehain-ail,r ' Buga^od to bim ? T wish ho wa-» -* ',(0h, Violot !' ? ? , , = v . 'Woll, Idoa't oxactly wish- that,' elio said ?Vith somo compunction, ' but I really cannot bear to have it supposed wo are engaged, or likely to be ; aud what will bis coming hero do but mako discomfort and misory ! Havon't wo been happy ' enough by ourselves? — wo don't want anybody ©Ibo. Aud thon it appears ho is to go with us in the Sea- Pyot Well, if ho goea in the Soa-Pyot X know somebody who won't ; and tho initials of hor name, as tho Irishman said, aro Violot North.' This was pttorod with considerable decision. Kow Amy Warroner, young a3 sho was, had a good deal of hor mother's ehrowd and quiet eommon-Bcnao ; and instead of fighting this deter mination by any argument or appeal, sho only Baid, Bimply— ' ' ' It won't look very friendly, Violot, if you filono refuso to go with us ; and Mr. Miller, as a granger 'and visitor, u entitled to whatever Courtesy wocau show him. It isn't his fault if you don't like him. Then, you didn't alwaya appear to dislike him bo much. I thought it wa3 . quite tho other way at oao time— and now if you treat him badly ha will think you aro only acting the ccquotto, and Wanting to show your indepen dence.' *'I don't care what he thinks,' she said, with her cheeks hot, bat looking down. 'Others will think the same.' ? ' Who?' And again she looked up, with a quick surprise and inquiry ia hor glance. 'All of oa.' *i You— will— all- think— that— I— am— a — Coquette,' ehe Baid, slowly. 'Well,' aaid hor friend, doubtfully, 'you know you encouraged him a great deal.' 'And to save myself from that reproach,' she continued, quite as slowly and thoughtfully, ' to keep your good opinion, I must marry Mr. George Miller?' Shore was oo answer to that question. 