I -MASK-TWAIN'S GHOST STORY" * ' I took a largo rOom, far up Broadway, in h hugoold buildiDg whoso upper stories had been wholly unoccupied" for years, until I camo. The place had long been given up to dust and cobwebs, to solitude and' silence. I seemed groping among the tombs, and invading the privacy of thc dcad, that first night I climbed up to my quarters. For tho first time in. nay lifo a superstitious dread came over me; and as:I turned a dark angle of the stairway and an invisible cobweb swung its lazy woof in my face and clung there, I shuddered as one who encountered a phantom. I was glad enough when I reached my room and locked out tho mould and tho darkness. A cheery, fire was burning in the grate, and I sat down before it with a comforting sense of relief. For two hours I sat there thinking of bygone times; recalling old scenes, and sum moning half-forgotten faces out of the mist of the past; listening, in fancy, to voices that long ago grew silent for .all time, and to once familiar songs that nobody sings now. -And as my reverio softened down to a sadder and sadder pathos, the shrieking of the wind out side >oftened to a wail; the angry beating of the rain against the panes diminished to a tranquil patter, and one by one the noises in the street subsided, until the hurrying foot steps of the last belated straggler died away, in the distance and left no sound behind. . ' The fire had. burned iow. A sense of loneli ness crept over me. I arose and undressed, moving on -tip-too . about the . room, doing stealthily what I had {to [do, as if I were en vironed with sleeping enemies whose slumbers it would be fatal to break. I covered up in bed, and lay listening to the rain and wind and the faint creaking 01 [distant shutters till they lulled me to sleep. X slept profoundly, but how long I do not know. All at once I found myself awake, and filled with a shuddering expectancy. All was still. All but my. own heart—I could hear it beat. Presently the bed clothes began to slip away slowly toward the foot of tho bed, as if some one were pulling them! I could not stir; I could not speak.. Still the blankets slipped deliberately away, till my breast "was uncovered. Then with a great effort I seized them and drew them oyer my head. I waited, listened, waited. Onco more that steady pull began, and once more I lay torpid for a century of dragging seconds, till my breast was naked again. At last I roused.my energies and • snatched the covers back" to their place, and held them with a. strong grip. I waited. By-and-by I felt a faint tug, and took a-fresh grip. The tug strengthened to. a steady strain—it grew stronger and stronger. My hold parted, and for the third, time the blankets slid away. -1 groaned. An answering groan came from the foot of the bed! Beaded drops of sweat stood upon my. forehead.' I was more dead than alive^ Presently I heard * a heavy footstep in my room—the step of an elephant, it seemed to me—it was not like anything human. . But it was moving from me—there was relief in that. X heard it approach the door—pass out without moving bolt or lock—and wander away among the dismal corridors, straining the floors and joints till they creaked again as it passed—and then silence reigned onco more. ."When'my excitement had calmed, I said to .myself, ".This.is a dream, a hideous dream." And so I lay thinking it over until I convinced . myself that it teas a dream, and then a comfort ing laugh relaxed my lips and' I was happy again. I got up and struck a light; and when I found that the locks and bolts were just as I had left then, another soothing laugh welled in my heart and rippled from my lips. I took my pipe and lit it, and was just sitting down before tho fire, when down }went the pipe out of my nerveless fingers, the blood forsook my cheekB, and my placid breathing was cut short with a gasp! • In tho ashes on the hearth, side by ride with my own baro footprint, was another, so vast that in comparison mine was but an infant's! Then I had had a visitor, and tho elephant tread was explained. I put out the light and returned to bed, palsied with fear. I lay a long time peering into the darkness, and listening. Then I heard a grating noise overhead, like tho dragging of a heavy body across tho floor; then the throw ing down of the body, and the shaking of 'my windows in response to the concussion. ' In distant parts of the building I heard the muffled slamming of doors. I heard, at intervals, stealthy footsteps creeping in and out among the corridors, and up and down tho stairs. Sometimes these noises approached my- door,1 hesitated, and then went away again. ' I heard the clanking of chains faintly, in remoto pass ages, and listened while the clanking grew nearer—while it wearily climbed tbe stair ways, marking each move by the loose surplus of chain that fell with an accented rattle upon each succeeding step as the goblin that bore it advanced. I heard muttered sentences; half uttered screams that seemed smothered violently; and tho swish of invisible garments, the rush of invisible wings. Then I became conscious that my chamber was in vaded—that I was not alone. I heard sighs and breathings about my bed,. and mysterious whispering. Three little spheres of soft phos phorescent light appeared on the ceiling di rectly over my head, clung, and glowed there a moment, and then dropped—two of them upon my face and ono upon my .pillow. They spattered liquidly, and felt warm. Intuition told me they had turned to gouts of blood as they fell—I needed no light to satisfy myself of that. Then I saw pallid faces, dimly luminous, and white uplifted hands, floating bodiless in tho air, floating a moment and then disappearing. . Tbe whispering ceased, and the voices and the sounds, and a solemn stillness followed. I waited, and listened. X felt that-1 must have light, or die. I was weak with fear. I slowly raised myself towards a sitting posture, and my face camo in contact with a clammy hand! All strength went from me, apparently, and I fell back llko. a stricken invalid. Then, I heard the rustle of a garment—it seex/icd to passto the door, and go.out- • - When "everything "was qui<jt onco more, I crept out of bed, Biek and1 feeble, arid ' lit tho gas with a band that trembled as if it wore aged with a hundred yoars. The light brought some v little - cheer to my spirits. : I sat down and fell into a dreamy contemplation of the great footprint in tho' ashes! By-and- byo its outlines began to waver and grow dim. I glanced up and the broad gas flame was slowly, wilting away. In the came moment I heard that elcpliantino tread again. I noted its approach, nearer and nearer, •along tho musty halls; and dimmer and dimmer the light waned. Tho tread: reached my1 very door, arid paused—tho light had dwindled to a' sickly blue, and all things about mo . lay in 'a spectral twilight.; The door did not open, and yet I felt a faint gust of air fan my cheek, and. presently was conscious of a huge, cloudy presence beforq me.^ I watched it -with fasci nuatcd eyes. A pale glow stolo over tho Thing; gradually its cloudy folds took shape—an arm appeared, thenlegs,then a body, and last a great sad face looked out of the vapour.; Stripped of its, filmy housings, naked, muscular, . and comely, the- majostio Cardiff Giant' loomed above me! ATI my misery vanished—for a child might know that no harm could como from' that benignant countenance. My cheerful spirits returned at once, and in sympathy with them the gas flamed up brightly again. , Never a lonely outcast was so glad to welcome company as I was to greet tho friendly giant. T said: ' ""Why, is it nobody but you? Do you know I have been scared to death for the last two or. three hours ? I am honestly glad to see' you.' I wish I had a- chair——. Hero! hero! don't try to sit down in that thing!" ' ; 'But it was too late. Ho was in it before I could stop him, and down ho' went—X; never law a chair shivered so in my life. " Stop, stop, you-U ruin 6v-— Too late again. There'was another crash; and another was "resolved into its original elements. • • : " Confound it,-'haven't you got any judg ment at all. Do you want to ruin all tho fur niture on the place ? Here, here, you petrified fool——" ■ ■ ' Bnt it was no use; Before X could arrest Tnm ho had sat down'on the bed, and it was a melancholy ruin. - "Now what'sort'of a way is that to do? First you come lumbering about tho' placo bringing a legion of vagabond 'goblins along with you to worry me to death, and then when I overlook an indelicacy of costume which would not he tolerated anywhere' by cultivated people except in a respectable theatre, and not even there xf the nudity: were of your sex, you repay me by wrecking all the furniture you can find to sit-down on. And "why will you? You damage yourself as much as you do me. You have broken off the end of . your spinal column and littered up the floor with chips off your hams till the place looks like a marble yard. You ought to he ashamed of yourself— you are big enough to know better." " "Well, I will not break any more'furniture. .But'what am I to do? I have not had a chance to sit down for a century." • And tho tears camo into his eyes. j " Poor devil," X said, " I should not have been so harsh with you. And you .aro an orphan, too, no doubt. But Bit down on tho floor here—nothing else can stand your weight —and besides, we cannot ho'sociable with you' away up there above mo; I want you down whero I can perch on this high counting-house stool and gossip with you face to face." So he sat down on the floor, arid lit a pipe which I gave him,' throw one of my red blankets over - his shoulders, inverted my 6itz bath on his head, helmet fashion, and made himself picturesque arid "comfortable. Then he crossed his ankles, while I renewed tho fire, and exposed the flat honey- combed bottoms of his prodigious feet to the grateful warmth! • "What is tho matter with the bottom of your feet and tho back of your legs, that they are gouged up so ?" " Infernal chilblains—I caught them clear up to the back of my head, roosting out there under Newell's farm. But I love the place; I love it as one loves his old home. There is no peacei for mo like the peace I feel when I am there." We talked along for half an hour, and then I noticed that he looked tired, and spoke of it. "Tired?" ho said. "Well; I should think so. 'And now I will tell you about it, since you have treated mo so well. I am the spirit of the Petrified Man that lies across tho street there in the Museum. lam the ghost of the Cardiff Giant. I can have no rest, no peace, tillthey havo given that poor body burial again. Now what was the most natural thing for me to do, to make men satisfy this wish ? Terrify them into it!—haunt the place where tho body lay! So I haunted the museum night after night. I even got other spirits to help me. But it did no good, for nobody ever camo to the museum at midnight. Then it occurred to mo to come over the way and haunt this place & little. I felt that if I ever got a hearing I must succeed, for' I had; the most efficient company that perdition could furnish. Night after night wo havo Bhiverod around through theso mildewed halls, dragging chains, groan ing, whispering, tramping up and down stairs, till, to tell you tho truth, I am almost worn out. But when I saw a light in your room to-night I roused my energies again and went at it with a deal of tho old freshness. But I am tired out—entirely faggedout. Give me,' I beseech you, give me some hope!" I lit off my perch in a burst of excitement, and exclaimed,— "This transcends everything ! everything that ever did occur! Why, you poor blundering old fossil, you havo had all your trouble for nothing—you havo been haunting a piaster east of yourself—the real Cardiff Giant is in Albany I Confound it, don't you know your own re mains?."' I never saw such an eloquent look of shame,* of pitiable humiliation, overspread a counte nanco before..••• The Petrified; :Man rose slowly to his foot, and said,-H" .' A ,u . VHonestly,:isfchattrue?V ; I am, sitting hare.')- ,--\ ■--> it, ' Ho took his pipe; frbm nis.inohth and- laidit*V ,Wi the mantel, then stood irresolute a moment (unconsciously, from old habit, thrusting, his hands whorb.hispantaloqn'pockdfe'sWld hirnf 'I been, and' 'me'ditativoiy •' dropping' his chin on his breast), and finally said,— "iWell—I never felt so absurd-before. The j Petrified Han has sold erorybodv else, and now tiro mean fraud hasi ended; by (selling its 1 own ghost! My son, if there is any. charity loft in your heart for a poor friendless, phantom like me,: don't lot this get out'. ' Think'how you would feel if you had mado suchlanass of your, self." -0 a .'t c:j.: t I ;heard his stately tramp die away, step down the stairs, and out into the doserted street and fqlt sorry that ho was gone, poor.fellow and sorrier, still that he liad carried off my.red'i blanket and my bath-tub. , . 