Latest from Famoa. THE NATIVES PREPARING FOE A CIVIL WAR. (From the San Francisco Bulletin August 1(5.) The Coxduct of Captain Stevens Apphovbd— Tub Fallen PaESiiEa Detested bit the Missionaries - &c.; The schooner Ada May, Captain Petersen, from Apia, brings the latest news direct from the Samoa Islands, from private correspondence and con versations with passengers we glean reliable in telligence as to the condition of things in those rebellious isles. At the time of the departure of the schooner the native Parliament was in session. The principal object of the Tia-moa (House ot Lords) and the Tia-pule (House of Representatives) in their session was to learn eomeuung aDoui me high art of taxation ; the result hoped for was a sufficient revenue, extorted from the gallant whites to purchase Hamburg gin and plug tobacco. The chiefs have just dabbled long enough in what is called ' civilised government ' to think that the ? whole end and aim of government consists in taxa tion. The whites, by instruction of their consuls, are cominsmded to pay no other taxes than those in vogue previous to the advent of the played-out Steinberger. The Parliament as it now exists is a mere farce. The members, however, seem to enjoy the fun of legislating, and since they are no longer compelled by law to wear clothing, they in dulge in native costume, and evidently with a relish. It was a terrible blow to their ideas of comfort and dignity when Steinberger tyrannically enacted that, as members of Parliament, they should wear something else besides a plug hat and starched paper collar, Now they are happy and rejoice abundantly. A CIVIL WAB ON THE TAPIS. A civil war is brewing, and the rival factious are only kept from slaughtering each other by a whole some dread of the appearance of an English man of-war, something likely to heave in eight any day. The factions have held a grand pow-wow. the result of which was to stave eff a war until such time as an American man-of- war arrives at Apia. If the news from Washington ib to the effect that the Government has thrown Steinberger over board and characterised1 him as fin Adventurer, his native followers will commence to give battle to their enemies immediately. The faction clinging to the dethroned ' Premier' labour under the belief that the United States will send two or three men to Samoa for the purpose of reinstating Steinberger and driving the English from the island. They have been stuffed with this idea by some few white men who were favourites with the ' Prince' at the time of his lordly power in Apia. When the Ada May sailed there was no war vessel of anv nationality in Dort. but an Eng lish and American steamer were expected. The natives have a terrible dread of one of these mon sters of the deep, which has been heightened by the positive action of Captain Stevens of the Bar racouta. Were it not for this fear the natives would now be at war with each other. While in suspense as^to what will be the action of the United States in the late troubles, the natives are busily preparing for and discussing the probable results ef the eoming strife. THB CONDUCT OF CAPTAIN STEVENS SUSTAINED. Commodore Hoskins of the English Navy has been to Apia, and investigated the facts in regard to the late fight at Mulinuu. The Commodore is reported to have expressed the opinion that Captain Stevens, commanding the Barracouta, did not exceed his duty, and that his conduct was energetic and gallant. The Steinberger faction of natives first attacked the sailors of the Barracouta, and to save hi6 men from being slaugtered, Captain Stevens promptly ordered a war of defence. Of the several killed and -wounded on both sides, none -were mutilated. One of the natives tried to behead a severely wounded English tar, but & brother sailor came to the rescue and shot the native dead. It is the custom of the Sanioans to cut off the heads of the Samoans shun in battle, and they are not scrupulous about saving a wounded enemy, if they consider him the same as dead. The whites,. with few exceptions, are loud in their praiBe of the Captain of the Barracouta lor the firm conduct he displayed, and say but for him the natives would' not only have made havoc among themselves, but carried the massacre into the camp of the whites. Except the Consuls, all other foreigners kept aloof Item the trouble as much as possible. IS THE rllEMIBB -WANKED BACK V There seems to be no doubt that the majority of the Samoans have had all they want of Steinberger. The missionaries of sects are- determined to have nothing more to do with him; for he betrayed all of them. The old white settlers are disgusted with him, for he lormed his 'government' with out even asking their opinions, and he told the natives that the United States would give thev back the lands which they had sold to foreigners. Every foreign Consul in Apia- denounces Steinber ger as a fraud and adventurer. The whites whom the 'Premier' took into his Cabinet and confi dence were adventurers like himself, who knew little or nothing of - the native habits and customs, and were blissfully ignorant of the Samoan lingo. Several old, ana respected Bottlers, Americans, Englishmen, and Ger mans, assert that before the advent of Stein berger in the islands, the Samoans had the simplest and best goranumntin the worl*. The natives sometimes indulged inVar, as do civilised people, but the whites on the Islands were sacredly respected in their person and property. Now the whole thing is changed, and tbe Samoan6 have the worst government in. the world ; in other words, they have no government'at a'- and the whites are in the same boat as the natives. A great deal is expected from the new American Consul, now in .San Francisco, but from, all accounts this gentle nian is instructed to keep entirely aloof from all factions, and to scrupulously avoid acting as cham pion for Steinberger. T.TTTlTOnOITR TKffTnPVrH The battle of Mulinuu was so unexpected that it startled the Apiaas from their dreamy existence. The whites were as excited as the natives. United States Consul Foster and the English Consul, Samuel F. Williams, in trying to escape from the carnage, took refuge in a email boat, out, to their dismay, they found it stranded. Nat being able to get it into deep water, the warlike Gonsuls stretched themselves, brass buttons and all, in the bottom of the boat, with a lot of natives piled on topjof them. Under the burning tropical sun they had a sweat-bath euch as they never enjoyed before, but, alas, in indulging iu it they sadly marred their official dignity. A witty genius, named Sunlap, who saw the plight of the diplo matists, yelled out, 'England expects every man to do his duty, and by ? , the American Kagle never takes water. Up and at them, gentlemen.' But the Consuls would not, unlike Bauquo's ghost, get up and show themselves. One native swam three miles and brought the news around the island, in a terrible fright, that there was not a man, womao, nor child, black or copper-coloured, left alive at Apia. Hundreds of natives fled to the woods [as naked as the hour they were bom. Dunlap, a Yankee trader, seemed to be the only ungeared foreigner on the island. He is the big 'chief' now among the whites and natives, and has prestige enough to step into the boots of the fallen Premier, were it not that Dunlap is a gentlem&n; of immense modesty, as most Southern gentlemen, are. TUB VA11IETIKK AT Al'IA. Tho dethroned King Maliatoa is gone to the island of Saviia, where he is gay and happy in his breech-cloth. He is content with his experience as king, and bis only ambition at present is n full supply of cheap tobacco and an occasional (iocoeti m of gin. The hostages, three chiefs, who were carried off to Fiji by Captain Stevens as a becurity that Mali atoa would be secured his liCe and liberty, have heen returned, by order of the Governor at Fiji, and came on board the Sapphire. The ex-king is still guaranteed from all barm. There were various reports as to tne whereabouts of Steinberger. Some parties Hsserted that he was in Australia, trying to get back to Apia, while others were positive that he had gone to England, to prosecute Captain Stevens. Wm. H. Frost, a wealthy American of Samoa, is expected here by the next vessel, to purchase a whale-ship, as whales are very abundant about the group. AU the guns given by the government to Stcii: berger have been spiked, ard the natives have carried off the small arms. The Peerless and the small steam yacht, also presents, are now doing duty in Australian waters. There is no American Consul at Apia, Mr. Foster being on a distant island. A white man named J . A. T. Alvord, was playing Vice-consul, and with a large array of braes Imttous adorning his equatorial region, was playing the role most won fleituHy. ' I Mr.. Dean, an Englishman, had been fined heavily for refusing to do duty in helping to barricade and ' protect the English Consulate, during the fight at Mulinuu. For believing in tne doctrine, '' Every man for himself and the devil take the hindmost,' he is no,w mourning in financial sorrow. The saloon-keepers of Apia are again civilizing the natives by dealing out deadly poison te them. Ko taxes are collected, there being no proper authority to enforce the collection. They had to pay tuxes for civilizing them before. A Chinese commercial house has been established at Apia, a branch of a house in Sycney- The latter has also a branch at Fiji. The Celestials are gradually growing numerous at Apia. A Chinese restaurant is in full blast. Hungry sailors are fed on dog meat; while the cook is slaughtering the dog, his native wife is energetically yanking a nice fat hog by the ear to give the impression that a pig is being killed. This is not a rain, hut a paying trick. From various sources we {Peak Downs Tele gram) gather the following information as to tho intended additional employment of men on the P. D. 0. mine. The whim that hag been standing idle for some time at tbe underlay shaft in the eastern section of the company's ground, is now being shifted to the western end, about a mile from the office, to a shaft that had been sunk to a considerable depth some two years and a half ago. If we are correctly informed some tributers have lately been working this portion of tho company's ground, and have been getting first-class ores in a mul lockr vein, and the present appenraucen warrant the further expenditure of some few pounds in ex ploring the ground in the western end of the mine. It is also stated thai gome good car bonate ores ate being raised in the eastern section, a parcel of wbwll U».i assayed 37 per cent. A general feel idg at present prev&ili; that acme more gaed ores will be struck shortly, and that tb4 mine will ere long re sume a busy appearance. The Star of Hope quartz reef, under the management of Mr. George Irkvm, is now getting into something like working order. Mr. Mam informs us that there are 12 men working on the claim — stoping and driving. About 25 tons of atono at* already at grass, and before long a large quantity may be expected to be raised, as the reef is reported to average Ih feet in thickness, and the Bsture of the ground tolerably good for working. Twelve men with a horse for hauling, should, in a month, increase tke pile on the surface something considerably ,HB The Araluen correspondent of the Brmdwaed Dispatch discourses as follows: 'Xbave always main tained that there is any quantity of wasbdiit vein all over the plains aHd flats of Araluen, and the only requisite is capital to work it. In some cases it requires cheaper appliances than others, and in the instance of the Oro^n' Sluicing Company, a covered tail- race (which will soon be' on the granite), is the very best mode of working as there is plenty of bead water to wash with, without having to lift it to the height required. How on earth Air, 0. W. Newman has been able to bring the works into the forward state they are, I do not know. He must have obtained capital somewhere. I but for certain tbe district generally has subscribed I none. However be can wasn away now with no hindrance, and the more horses and carts her can obtain, the more men he can put on, and consequently wash more dirt and get more gold; there is practi cally no limit to the number of horses and men lie can' employ, as there is any amount of water to wash with and ols© ground to work, Dnring tbe past fortnight he washed eight days and obtained a little over 32oz'Of gold, and after paying all expenses, paid a dividend of nearly £20. He can improve on that shortly, as he has' added six horses and carts to his force, ss can put on about twenty more men next weak. The Golden Bend'; Mining Company (alluvial) are on good payable ground. At present they arepaying wages and expenses, taking wages themselves, and paying off liabilities incurred during the three months they were opening ; aud this ground few been lying idle for yaara, all the wiseacres j of the district having settled in their own minds that I there was no gold there, whereas it can be seen now that 1 striking gold where they have, there is 4 to 5 year's work I oertain before them. From this one instance it can ke'j seen what a loss it has been to tbe district ; the sevenorj eight claims that were on gold, and have never been] opened since, but still conld be with very little outlay, I if all hands would put their shoulders to the wheel. I George Kingsland and party arebusUy engaged brimging I up a tail-race ; they sre making a substantial job of it, 1 and timbering it well ; they will start making the water- 1 wheel next week. This party have a great advantage I by being below the covered tail-race from the Great I Extended (Alluvial) Company's works, and so have a I constant stream of water, both to wash with and as a I motive ;pow«r to drive the water-wheel to pump the leakage. The party is not made up yet to work the Fenian's eld eround. We an expecting to hear from Braidwood ef 3or4 £10Bhan»bein£ taken nptbere; the remaining portion of the 10 proposed would be takes in Aialuen. It is strange that there is no attempt made to test tht eastern side of the valley. That a deep lead is there a great many believe, and W. B. Clarke, the great gealogist, haa given his opinion that the heaviest deposits are on that side, but hen are Newtown and Bedbank, and in fact right op to Dirty Butter Greek, have never been prespeoted. The water is the great obstacle, but a smell engine with pump ought to he afcle to beat the leakage in any prospecting shaft. By the way, where is tbe boring-msoaine pro mised by the Government, that would soon determine how far it is to tha granite, depth of wash, &c;, in a very short time. Our stripping here is all made ground, consisting of sand, clay, mullook, but no rock,'; so a boring-machine could ten » very large area of ground in every short time; tbe deepest hole I don't ielieve would exceed 40 feet. Ovbbdoihq It— B&shful; Spsoner (on his honey moon) : ' Iarry, my -wife and I have both noticed that the townspeople stare at us very hard. I hope you haven't been tolling anybody that we an newly married.' Larry (the faithful fastotum): 'He tell ?em, eor? Is 'it loikely Oid go agim my express ordhers ? Why, whinivor anTbody'a thry»d to pump me, iir, Oive told 'em you want marriad at all.' _ The largest shipment ot copper ore yet ?made from the Clarence Biver took place on W^nes^y J'8*- sats the JEtamuwr of the 30th ultimo, by the steamer The Clarence. The shipment consisted -*, 790 bags of ore, thoroughly dressed and prepared for smelting, from Messrs. Bawden and Fisher's Jakombil mine, near Gordon Brook, and, with a previous shipment of 435 bags, makes a total of 1225 begs from that mine within the last few months. It will be gratifying to all those interested in the progress and prosperity of the district to learn that the copper-mining industry if becoming so large by development; and from all we can bear — although the proprietors of the mine have been very quiet in their operations— the mine is a valuable one, and likely to be of great benefit to tbe district generally, as ultimately affording employment for a large number of people. The mine is only distant from Smith's Flat some 13 miles, and we are informed that the entire cost of conveying the ore from the mine to Sydney is only about 40s per ton. 