WILL HE MARRY HER. »X THE AXTHOB OP ' TOO CUttER ZX H*W,* 'THE ¥oBGi»s Wipe,' &c.; CHAPTER XIV. — (COMTCTTKD.) They were now osceaouig a cm «t a very s:ow pace; the hone, beid in, was miking, ©a tie brow of the bill they met a man with one arm and only one eye. H« iras dressed in. miserable gar ments, aad his see was about sixty yews. ' ifor the love of Sod,' be cried out, in a rich Milesian dia'act, * for tiie lore of God and the honour of this CDUBtry, give me a shilling, gentlemen.' ' Here you are, my man,' said Beekless put ting bis band - into bis waistcoat pocket, and feel ing for a shilling amongst the lotwe coin there aeposuea. ' Don't throw it to me, bit,' said the man. ' If you latent! to give me a shilliag place it in my hand. It is true that I am a beggar, but I an a proud one, aerertheleee.' * then you must come to the top of the hill,' said Keckless, 'for I cannot pull up bare. The hcrss will become restive.' ' TUaak you, six/ said the beggar, following the 'There is the shilling, my good man,' said Reckless. ' Sow, what are you going to do with it?' * Drink it, sir! And if you had asked me the question before yon gave it to me, I would have answered you in the same words. I am sot a drunkard; but on the anniversary of the battle in which I was maimed I always haves large drink, in memory of the day when I would hare given this shilling— aye, or a sovereign if I had it —for one email tbimWef ull of dirty water.' ? Then you haTe beea a soldier ?' inquired West. * Good bless your «ml, sir! 1 was ia the 57th foot, all through the Peninsula,' ?And at Albttemf * If ? I was not at Albuera I could not have known Sic William Myers, aad could not hare helped to bury the awful lot of offieers we lost there.' ' You kaew Sir William Myers f 1 yes, sir. Perhaps yon think I am an im postor.; but I am not. Whea I siy that I knew ninj, I knew him as the commander of a brigade — a brigade that staggered under him, aad was string to retreat without orders to do so— for devil an order to retreat would he ever have given — but he rallied 'em, snd be swore at 'em; and he ?saved the honour of the country snd the character ?ot our troops, and oaly* lived long enough to knew that he had done so. A good many gallant ghosts ?went ap to heaven to be judged on that day, but the most gallant of them was the ghost of 'Sir Wil liam. What a loss to the country that he should liave died eo young .1* 'There is another shilling for you,' said 'West, \- for I am satisfied you are not as impostor ; but 1 bopa yon -will not drink that.' 'Thank you, eir. Yes, I shall drink it ; and that is just enough, I will beg no more to-day from -any man.' ' Have you not been drinking already to-day ?' -said Backless. ' Yes, sir, a little,' replied the old soldier- ' And ?why »ot, sir?' He then began to sing: — Iftadlf thloJaag, tftth spirits Binding, ? ' . . Could, more ilah drinking, My griefs compose, — From eare I'd- borrow issnt« charm for aorrow, In hopes to-morrow Would end, would end my trees ?' Bat, jiace in walling Mhere'a nought araillne, And »-ath. unfailing, Will ttrike the blow,— Then, *or thattaaioo, And for a season, J-3t us be merry before, bifare we go ?! ' Suppose he should be an impostor, after all,' -said fieokless, as they drove on, ' Ab, no !' exclaimed West, ' there was some thing about his speaking and his sieging too en thusiastic for that. But even if he be as impostor I do not grudge him the shilling I gare him, lor lie spoke some words that were very pleasing to any ears. Do you never feel, Beckless, gratified to hear tbe praises of those whom you have been taught to think of with respect?' Oh dear yes,' said Reckless; 'and if tie had happened to know Leonora, and had praised her, I would have given him talf-a-crowu with tbo greatest pleasure imaginable.' of some refreshment at the hotel at which they put up, made their way to the theatre, where they found the manager and the whole of tbe corps ?dramtaqtuc. ' You are to your time exactly, Mr. Reckless,1 sbM the manager; 'and as soon as you please we will have a rehearsal,*' ' 1 am quite ready,' said Rscklees ; ' and eo far as my part is concerned, I am what I'awy calls \- letter perfect.' ' ' Poor Parry!' exclaimed tbe manager. 'When he could be kept sober, he played tbe grave* ? digger in Hamlet admiringly; it was his great part.' ? But did he not play tlie leading characters in ShakBpeare'epiayB?' ' Never to my knowledge, sir ; and he was with me tor several years previous to his taking to painting. Hut come, and let me introduce you to the company, and especially to Miss Bangor, the heroine of the piece.' Miss Banger was a very engaging actress, of some flve-aud-twenty years of age,— a very elerer woman, of unbUoitshed character, refined manners, and rather superior education; very lively with out being pert, and very jocose without being flip pant. After a brief while the rehearsal com menced. In the second scene with iti«B Batigor, ttackless had to make a declaration of love, pro pose night, &c.; ; and when the old uncle (Mr. Prantz had to play the part) came in, the young lady had to faint ia her lover's armB, and Beck less (tbe lover) had to support her. The portion being a rather novel and embarrassing one to tbe amateur, it required a good deal of practice to tnako him perfect it it. West could not help thinking that ttecklesg's obiuseness wa9 studied and intentional ; assumed, in fact, only to prolong the operation. Such, ho waver, was not the case. Tbe veritable beards were new to him; be had never before had to play with professional actors and actresses, but with ladiea and gentlemen, who knew no more of the art than, or so much even, »s himself, * So, that will not do ',' said Miss Bangor, ia reply to Ricklesa's question. ' When I enter in baste, as 1 shall enter, you must be standing there, not here. You must run to meet me, take me by both hands, and give me an opportunity of really jumping with joy. Hold your arms and hands very firm, that 1 may spring as high us pos sible from the stage. There— eo! T.iiais whatwe call ' the business/ Now, tell me, hare you ever been in love ?' ' Oh, dear -eB; and am so still,' said Reckless. * Well, suppose me that young lady with who u you are in love, flo w old is she ?? 'Seventeen.' ' Just tbe asp that 1 am supposed to be in this charming little piece. Now, if you were to see her coming at tbis momeat from, yonder wing out of that copse, you would not stand here— would you ? You would run to meet her; you would ad vance with outstretched arms, and exclaim, joy ously, 'My beloved ? ' —whatever her name 'is — would you net? ' Most assuredly.' ' Well, let ub try once snore. Be natural, re member, perfectly natural;' and witktueae words Miss Bangor retired to tbe wing, and presently came bounding on the stage, exclaiming— ' Alfred ! — dearpst Alfred !' 'My own dear teonora!' eried EecklesB, meet ing her, and lifting lier from the boards ; ' come to my heart '.' ' Admirable !' ssid Alias Bangor, lasghine. ' That will do very weli; 1*ut, remember, I ani not Leonora. 1 am, or rather the heroine of thin piece is. Georgina. Now to the fainting part of the business. When my uncle (Mr. PramzJ comes on and discovers us in tkie position, I go off in a iiint. My obriek oa observiag him, will be tbe cu« for you to place your arnn round my waist. Don't bold me at such a distance as you did ju«i now; but let my head rest greatly on your shoul der, just as you would suffer Leonora's to rest under similar circumstance?, Now- — -' 'Are you ra&dy;?' said Mr. Prantz, from the ^ring. * Y«s,' cai'i JBeckless and Alias Bangor, ' So bo !' cried Pranu, entering on tne stage Miss Bangor shrieked, and was falling back wards, H»ck!»£S caught her in bis arms; her head rested on his shoulder, and there they wera a tnhlrnu ririmt. ' How -will that do, ilr. Smith ?' inquired Jits? ?Bangor of fee at wager, -without altering her posi tion. 'Very good, indeed,' was the manager's reply; 'but becd over her a little more, Mr, Reckless, and don't keep your month open, please, it does not do to be too natural, you know.' When the evening came, and the curtain was about to be raised, Secbless felt a little nervous and fidgety; but after the first round of applause, be completely recovered his self-possession, and acquitted himself to the satisfaction of the manager and the audience. Miss Bangor— tbe pretty Miss Bangor— said many very complimen tary things to him ; and so did the author of the piece, -who bud taken a place in the pit, bavins (Test on his right hand, sad another friend on bis left. The house was filled ; and at the fall of the curtain, the principal characters were called for— ' Alfred' and ' Qeorgina !' Reckless led Hiss Bangor forth to receive the reiterated plaudits of the audience. CHAPXBBST. TUB CONSEQUENCES OF GOING OVBB TO EUEV. The tuft-hunter, who, it may be remembered, insulted West, and provoked the wrath of Chay worth, happened to be at Bury; aad having ac companied a party to the theatre, he saw and recognised Beckless on the stage. He also saw West in the pit. fie had 'never forgiven West for that dire offence of having had someone to protect him; ant}, on his return to the University, the tuft-hunter made certain inquiries, which rewilted in bis knowledge of the fact tbat these young gentlemen, Reckiees snd West, bad, -while in stctti piipihr/-, be«n absent from the College and the precincts of tbe University without having filed an exeat— in. other words, that they were ' ab sent without leave.' He laid his information ac cordingly, and Reckless and West were botb 'con veaed;' tbat is to sa}1, they were required to attend the combination-room on a given day, to answer the charges that would then and there be preferred against them. ' What can tbey do with ua ?' said Reckless, tri umphantly, to Dacre, lighting his cigar with tb» summons. ?they may expel you,' said Dacre. ' What do we care ? We are going into the army.' ' Not if they expel you.' ?Why not?1 'Are you not aware that if you are expelled from, either of the Universities of Oxford or Cam bridge, you c&n; neither enter the army ner tbe navy, or become a barrister or a clergyman.1 'No; J wasnot aware of that.' 'Then 1 would advise you to maka your arrange ments accordingly,' said Dacre. 'There are seve ral cosea in point— cases tbat have occurred at tbis College; and in ene case a son of a nobleman, who ia now a marquis, could not get a commit* sion. It is true that he had been charged with cheating at carde, and with afterwards brutally assaulting his victim, who accused him thereof. But what the offence, does not signify. Tie sen tence of expulsion recorded against you, and trans mitted, as it generally is, to tbe Horse Guard?, tbe Admira'ty, and the Inns of Count, is quite suffi cient to place you in the awkward dilemma of not being received at any of these places.' Without any further delay, Eeckless wrote to his father a full, true, and particular account of his position, and TTes ; also wrote very urgently to 'the General' and. to Chay worth. Sir Cbarles and the Gsneral both p&iii; a visit to the Horn Guoidfi, -They did not lose a moment; and on the very day that the two young gentlemen ap peered in the coHJbination-room they were ga zetted :— ' Jtdgar West, gent., to be Ensign.' ' Augustus Reckless, gent., to be Cornet.' And to sst the heart of little Bdgar West at ease the old General sent him, in original, the follow ing note from tbe Comranuder-in-Chief :— 'Dear ? , Mr. West's commission baa been signed by the Queen. It will be forwarded to you by this sight's post.— Toura ever, ' ? .' Reckless also had a very satisfactory note from his mother, MdyJIary; it ran thus:— 'My dear Augustus'— You are always in trouble, Tour commission as a Cornet in a regi ment of Laucers serving in India has just arrived. Yes. Pray bring your young friend, Mr. West, to visit us. Tbe lovely Lenora -£ined at the Castle yesterday ; she is the sweetest dailingin the world. ' Affectionately,' ' M. h. K.' It was into vv-R anti-combinatiou-njoin (asifWao called) that West and Kt-ckless were fihown by Mr. Roire, the mudi-respected cbapel clerk, on tbet 8ventfui morning. Mr. Howe upon tbis occasion wore bis Sunday euit of black, and carried is bis I rigat hand a_ bug white waud. Here they walked about, admiring tbe magnificent portraits of various Chancellors of the University. Meanwhile the Master and senior Fell jws were assembling in the adjoining room. ' 'I'hey can't bang us, Howe,' said Becklees ' that's a comfort.' 'No, sir,' eaiit Sir. Rawe; ? but if I were you, I ?would be prepared to be sect away tor a twelve month. It is rather a serious thing iu their eye?, is play- acting, especially without permission, li you had done it tip at the Barnwell Theatre, along with a company all gentlemen, it would have been bad enough ; but to go and do it Bury, along with real actors and actresses! tbst will look upon tbat as something awful.' ' 1 shouldn't wander. Well, and suppose tbey give me a twelvemonth, what do you suppoga tbey will give Mr West ?' 'Give hiai ? Why, tha same, sir.' ' He ma* not acting, Rows1' ?No; but ho was abetting, fir.' * Butting ! How do yom mean bettiug :' ' You know what 1 aiean, sir. He was there clapping his hands in the pit. Besides, you went awai in tbe &vas; gig; Jordan's men will ba bete I to prove thai; and many more gentlemen wersj there without leave, but hi who laid the informa tion didn't think proper to give the Barnes.' 