The Sydney Morning Herald WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 187G. -_^ THE returns to -which Mr. ROBERTSON, at Wol- longong, invited the special attention of the Press, oro to be found on page 160 of the Sfatinticai Register for IS"'*». In no previous issue of this Government annual have the dis- tinctions been made between the différent classes of stockholders ; nor are these returns yet accessible to the general public, though we are just entering upon the last quarter of another year. For the previous year the live stock in the pastoral districts was given at 22,347,595, and in the settled districts at 3,9-18,035. Why have similar tables been left out of the Register for 1875 ? It is just as -well to have the new tables in- serted, but unless the old one9 aro kept up thero can be no common ground of comparison between the present and former years. But wo will toke the returns as we have them in this new form and see if it is possible to make out their meaning. I The total number of stockholders is given at 31,272, possessing 28,074,208 head of live stock. This includes all the Rjr¿¿ depastured on condition^; ¡¿¿ on land and_ ojk^j. pi.e.emptive auction *aJ}A quinquennial lease. The conditional purchasers aro enid to have on their freehold and leasehold land altogether a total of 8,203,420 head of stock. On all other lands there aro 19,S70,84S, of which number no less than _2,3J8,2__ are held by freeholders other than conditional. On the strength of these facts Mr. ROBERTSON triumphantly asks, " I wonder what they will think if I tell them that not one-third of the sheep of the colony aro owned, or- rather depastured, on tho squatters' runs, but that moro than two-thirds of them are running on freehold land and free selectora' land.'' If this were trno it would be one of the most singular facts in connection with this intri- cate land question. According to a return recently furnished, the colony had 148 mil- lion acres tinder annual and quinquennial lease for pastoral purposes at an annual rental of over two hundred thousand pounds. The whole area of lands alienated up to the present time does not much exceed twenty million acres. Yet Mr. ROBERTSON would have us believe that these twenty million acres depasture twenty million head of stock, while the other one hundred and forty-eight million acres under pastoral lease depasture only eight million head of stock. There is not a man in the colony knowing anything at all of pastoral matters who will not pronounce such a statement monstrous on tho very face of it. He who proves too much proves nothing, and the PREMIER'S statistics have landed him in exactly that predicament. It would bo a poor compliment to Mr. ROBERTSON'S intelligence if we were to pretend to inform him what is the true state of the case. Ile knows as well as any man in New South Wales that the squatters have pur- chased, either at auction or by free selection, little bits of their runs where there is permanent water or exceptionally good land, and they depasture their stock, not on these freeholds merely, but over the whole run. In some cases they have purchased largely, but almost invariably they have purchased the frontages for the sake of commanding the back country on easier terms. The squatters themselves are the largest free selectors in the colony, and they use this power which Mr. ROBERTSON himself has put into their hands in one part of his Act for the very purpose of defeating the insecurity of tenure necessitated by another part of that Act. He has failed to place on the land a large body of cultivators of the soil living chiefly on ita produce, and instead of that he is rapidly alienating the public estate to convert it into a vast sheep walk.- His Amending Land Act of last year is practically a confession of this. To give a free selector 640 acres.of land, with the right to a pre-emptive lease over 1920 acres'more is to give up all hope of settling poor families upon the soil. The genuine poor man has not capital either to work or stock a fourth of that area. It is capitalists who reap the benefit of our special legisla- tion, and there is no need to lower the natural price of land as tested at auction for their especial benefit. . Perhaps we shall be accused of "mis- representation " in saying that the effect of the Land Act of 1861 has been to lower the price of land so far a3 the public exchequer is con- cerned. There are two tests by which this assertion may be tried, and which will be ac- knowledged to be decisive by impartial judges. One is the average price per nore for all landa sold ; and the other ia the average rent per square milo recsivod for leasing the remainder. For the year 1S01, when tho Land Act wag being discussed iu Parliament, the average price for all lands sold was £1 3s. Cd. per . acro,at which price tho Crown alienatod 189,930 acres. Vor 1874, tho last year for which any official returns have yet been published, 702,7öS acres were sold " other than condition- ally " at an average of £1 Os. 1 Id. per acre a decrease in value of 2s, Cd. per acre, or moro than ton por cent. For the same year, 1S74, there was sold, tinder conditional purchaso,an area of 1,680,282 acres, for which the present valne-allowing for the three years' exemption from intorest on tho deferred payments cannot bo taken at moro than 17s. {Id. per acre. Putting these two forms of sale together and reducing them to precisely tho same conditions as those of tho sales in 1801, it appears that for 1874 no loss than 2,289,040 acres of tho public domain wcro alienated at a price-when all payments have been made-equal to a present value of £2,143,591, or at the rato of 18s. 9d. per acre, a roduction of 4 s. Sd. per acre or twenty per cent, tipon tho price prevailing sixteen years ago. For Mr. BOBKHTSON to contend, in viow of such facts, that tho interest on the balances of conditional purchasers is rent and not an equivalent for a deferred payment with no moro to the State than the difference betwoen a Cresent and a deferred payment is simply absurd. And for any one to assert, as Mr. PIGOTT appears to bo doing at Mudgee, that tile interest on these balances ought to be remitted is worso than absurd. It is a breach of public faith. If tho State had any equivalent in tho form of the actual settlement upon the soil of a largo number of cultivators and taxpayers who would not Eettlo in the colony -without these induce- ments, cheap land and easy terms might bo offered with advantage. But it is chiefly the rich who are selecting these lands, and not the poor; it is chioily old settlors who are select- ing, and not new arrivals ; and it is for a little better security to pastoral industries and not for cultivation that the selections aro made. Thus wo havo lowered the selling price of land by twenty per cent., so far as the Stato is concerned, in sixteen years, whereas tho progress of the colony ought rather to havo increased the price ; and wo have dono this without securing an equivalent advantage in any other form. The other test to bo applied is the rent per square milo of the unalienated drown lands of the colony. Perhaps Mr. RoBiiitTSON will not complain of misrepresentation if we quote his own words. " I say when the two colonies- Queensland and New South "Wales -were united tho rent and assessment together, including the gold revenue, was £100,709." The year to which reference is here made is 1857, two years before Queens- land became a separate colony. "What was the position of this immense territory, in that year, apart from the rest of New South "Wales, we have no sufficient means o£ ascertaining. But when she began her separate career she collected statistics of her own, and for the year 1800, her official returns show that sin* ' ""* only 28,887 inhabitants ; onlv °,0'~' %iTa°t , -, ',, " , . i ' -lore than £3i,9iS land sold, for which.": ""_, > . , , ' . ,.L ; only 33o3 acres under had been TV»--. «,-,«- ., , .,,. ...on ; only 04,10-J square miles under Tease out i of an area of G7S,000 square miles, and only 3,030,343 head of live stock. Since then Queensland has grown into a population of 1S0.000, a sevenfold increase against our increase of lcsi than twofold. She has had an immigration from homo of nearly a hundred thousand against our thirty thou- sand. Her avea of cultivation has benn increased twenty-fold, while ours has not yet been doubled. Her live stock has in- creased threefold, and oura, leaving out her share, about fivefold. That is about the only thing in which we havo outstripped her, and that fact is another proof added to the many which we have already given that New South "Wales under her ppculiar land legislation has been made more than ever a squatting colony, a run for sheep and cattle, and not a home for the settlement of a large, self supporting agricultural population. We are far moro dependent ou the London wool market than Queensland is, and wo are more dependent on that market in 1870 than we were sixteen years ago. "Why Mr. ROBERTSON should have provoked a comparison with Queensland we cannot tell, but ho will gain nothing by the comparison, for that colony has grown far more marvellously without his model Land Acta than New South Wales has with them, though the former colony had to get rid of the encumbrances with which she was fettered at the beginning of her separate existence. We have already shown that in this colony tho area under pastoral lease in 1807 was 190,208 square miles, at an average rent of £1 4s. 7icl. per square mile. After all the land sales of the last .ten years, the area under pastoral lease in 1875 was 215,643 square mile?, which must include all tho area under lease in 1807, with the exception of the 20,000 square miles alienated in the interval, and a few square miles of reserves. Yet the average rent per square milo is now only 10s. lid. Thus we have alienated about 20,000 square miles out of a territory of 323,000, in auoh a way, combined with other effects of the Land Acts, as to roduce the rent 2)er square mile for 'the whole two hundred thousand square miles under pastoral lease by no less than 31 per cent. Yet, in the face of this evidence, the PHKMIEII assertB that " though ho has sold the plums of the public estate," he has raised the rental. On this, and all the other matters submitted, we leave our readers to decide who has been guilty of misrepresentation. THE story of the massacre of General CCJSTER and the three hundred and fifteen officers and men under his command by the Sioux Indians is one of the most sensational pieces of news that has come to us for some time past, even from the United State«. As the Times re marks, "so heavy a blow has seldom been struck at the regular troops of a civilized Power by a barbarous enemy.-' The blow is made the more severe by the fact that OUSTER was not only one of the most distinguished officers in the American service, but had been engaged continuously and successfully in Indian warfare for the last ten years, and had acquired the reputation of being second to SHERIDAN only in ability to cope with, these savage enemies. That he held a subordinate position, and was not in command of the expedition to which he was attached, is said to have bee a due to political influence only. Two years ago he had given offence to the " Indian Ring " at Washington by publishing a candid record of his experience on the frontier, and exposing . .. ' . . .1 the frauds and corruption connected with tliij working of tho Indian Department ; and he liad quite reeontiy been called to give cvhtaiN.» in the P1K1.KKAV case in relation to th» chargo of selling- appointments o£ agencies at iron tier trnclimg posts. Perhaps, iC ho had been at the head of the expedition, its movements would have been better managed, and the greater responsibility would havo pre- served him from that almost incredible rash- ness which seems to lui ve been the cause o£ his fate. But, however that .may bo, the loss of snell n. mau is clearly a national loss, the sense of which must have made tho calamity peculiarly bitter to the mind of the people. Tho total loss of CPSTE.TI and his men followed very shortly after «ho virtual defeat of Clouerai CROOK, who appears to have had the chief command in the expedition. Thrj Government, having resolved to send a strong forco against tho Sioux, employod not only regxilar troops, but a nucaber of Crow and Snake Indians, hereditary enemies of the Sioux, living in a reservation in the neigh- bourhood of the Sioux country. CROOK, with 1300 cavalry and 300 of his savage allies, encountered suph determined and efCectuul resistance from the Sioux, on the banka of tho Rosebud River, thnt, although he remained in possession of the field at nightfall, the Crows and Snakes, losing- confidence, hurried back 10 their own reservation to defend their old men, women, and children in the event of tho Sioux falling suddenly upon tkeru. The Sioux, it would appear, followed thom, and CROOK moved in tho same direction. CUSTEB Avas sent to examine tito trail of the Sioux, and, with about 900 men under his command, carno upon their camp on the Little Horn, within the Crow reservation. Whether through over-eagerness to aveng-o the check which CROOK had met, or whether through over-confidence in his own strength and an under-estimate of that of the enemy, ho resolved to attack at once. Dividing his force into two bodies, ho ordered Major RENO to assail the Indians in the rear, and, with about 300 men behind him, charged desperately into the midst of 2500 Sioux. R ENO was beaten back, and had a hard struggle to save the remnant of his band, after siuircrin,g heavy lo told by their corpses lying scattered over tho defile when the reserves caine up-the leader's daring bravery having won ewn from the Indians a respect that exempted .his body from mutilation. This is a bad business in its ¿relations both to the past and to the future. Ct JSTER and his party bore the punishment of tiheir country's broken faith ; and the Indians, for fighting in their own fashion for their sights, for the enforcement of solemn engagements, and against invasion by an armed force, are likely to be pursued by a war of extermination. Tho land occupied by the Sioux in the Black Hills country was a reservation assigned to them by express tieaty eight ye^ars a»o ¿u exchango for their hunting-s"">-Qtla in Nebraska and Kansas. TH Government engaged that whit^ people sliould not enter it and l1'-4 ir0°pa should neith er explore nor io-"uo it. Certain annual ¿-rants of money, arms, food, and clothing ware also to bo made ia return for the lands surrendered. The report, however, that the Black II ills con- tained gold, attracted armed bodies of miners, whom the Sioux first met with threats only, but afterwards, when these proved inel'fective, killed and scalped. The Government then interfered under the treaty to stop the move- ments of the miners, but, with strange ,incon sisteuc}-, soon afterwards sent a force, contrary to the stipulations of the treaty, to make explorations. The Indians assemblai ia numbers, but only to watch the expedition, and escort it out of the territory "when its commander thought it prudent to retiie. The next step was, an invita- tion from the Government to the Sioux chiefs to negotiate a new treaty. They were told they must leave the B.lack Hillsand go to au inferior district in this north ; but when they asked for more abundlant supplies in consideration of the scarcity «of game, the Government refused to change -.its terms, and the negotiations fell through. Ar.id then, with the old treaty unchanged, tho expedition under General CROOK waa sent to remove the Sioux by force. Is it a wonder thaAt they did not submit, and, that fmdñag' them- selves in a position to resist, they broke into open war ? The tendency of their success at ¿he outset will be to increase their own confidence and determination, to redouble the severit y of the action of the United States Governm ent, and to intensify the hatred to the Indian'S gene- rally felt by the border population. Aacording to the latest news a largo force was at «once to be put in the field, under the personal super- vision of Geneial SHEBIDAN, for it was feared that the effect of the news upon other .tribes previously peaceable, might be demoralising. The Sioux, in the first instance, failed in imagi- nation so far as to be imable to picture to themselves the futility of a struggle with the United States, and they may be so stimu- lated by their recent successes that nothing less than a policy of extermination will be effective. It seems certain, at least, that severe blows will have to bo struck before the effect of these successes can be neutralized. It appears probable that the immediate result will bo the transfer of Indian affairs from the Department of the Interior to the War Department. This was the course recommended by Cüsivnn himself, who held that the Indians should be treated with firm- ness and severity when they offended, but protected on the other hand against fraud and deception, and be taught to fear the arm. and respect the word of their whito masters. The interest of the army would be to maintain peace. Under the late administration it has been the interest of traders, contractors, agents, and speculators of the ring, to cheat th,e Indians, foment quarrels, multiply occasions for fresh expeditions, and increase the force on the frontier, for out of all these things ?& profit was to be made. In any case the prospect is a painful one, as it always has beea w**11311 a civilized race is in contact with tribes of nomad savages that have an unconquerable aversion to settled labour, and will die ra«ther than abandon their traditions and habits. The prospect is painful in any such case, but it is doubly so when the fate of the savage is hastened by the bad faith of a civilized Government and the vices of civilization. Ooit telegram from London, published yesterday respecting the result of the international riila contest at Philadelphia, bad been looked for with no small amount of interest. Among five com- petitors Australia btands third on the list, Our eight representatives have beaten the Canadians by 138 points, and the Scotch by one point. They were beaten by the American team by C4 points, and by the Irish team by 42 points. Tha îour représentatives of New South Wales scoret»: «rall, eoutritmtlng 1863 point« among them, the Victorian men scoring 1609. ' If the score of the latter had equalled the former Australia would have boen second on the list, but would still have been twenty points below America. No doubt , there are many local and temporary accidents which affect these contests more or less, and the best shots of to-day may be the beaten candidates of to-morrow. But, other things being equal, it is not surprising that the American team should win on their own ground. Thoy ure accustomed to tho light, the climate, the weather, and similar conditions which äfftet a marksman's skill, and with which foreigners would have but little time to become acquainted, though professional 'men .will bo disposed to mako less allowance on this account than the general public. Tiley were the chosen champions out of forty-five millions of people, and ours represent less than two militons, it is not discreditable to our men that they Bhould occupy such a position. That thoy will be victorious in the next match between the same competitors at tho end of the present month we can scarcely venture to hope, and tho colony may be well satisfied if they improve at all tho placo which they have already won. It an advertisement of our existence be the one thine most desired from our presence in America this rifle contost will serve us admirably. All tho newspapers in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom havo already published the fact to a hundred millions of pcoplo that tho antipodean colonists havo won the third place in a contest of somo of the best marksmen in the world. They will infer from that fact that these colouists will bo likely to hold their own as-ainst a posai Wo invader, and that they aro not deficient in that ambition which is one of the greatest incentivos to national progress. As a result the English and American pconlo will wish to know us better, and the better tho resources of Australia aro known tho more spoedy will bo their development. That Is one good effect to be anticipated from our pre.-onco at the Philadelphia Exhibition and at the líiíle Butts at Creedoioor. Another and not. less heneiicial result will be that we shall ourselves bo brought more powerfully under those influences which are so potent in moulding the national character in the old world. It has long been accepted as a theory that tho nations of men are but ono family. Peaceful contests like these at Phila- delphia may help to translate the theory into the iacts of real life. So far as our riflemen are con- cerned, they have served Austialia well, and the indirect results of their visit may yet serve it still better. SCPRKMK COURT -Business This Day - Masters Olice at 11 am Llovd mid another A \ ickerv and another, ndjournod < efendai t \ ickcrj s eviderce Divo ce mil Matrimonial Gi uses Couit id ourned f ora the 26 li 111st mt Miller v Miller, foi hearing IJrsTRiCT COURT -Wednosdav, September 27 -For Judgment 1 off i Moise, Mlhencv. v Hanks and anotacr Dalev v Compton DA>.DKNOM> RKLIFF TPND -The following subscriptions towards tins fund were received jester dn\ -P li bil, is S P os k J II 10b Mr Vi Phillips £1 Rev C T Garns«-» £°ll.s 9d , being the an ount collected on bunda} 1 ist, ut '.t Matthias s (Church of J nçUuid , M iiidsor lor Captain Walker P R "s B «is "We h wo also leceivcdthef llowmg - "\ P C , seeing b> batur da\s fleiall that A vvuo sent for ( aptam Walker be-s to inform the Iditoi that the monev is foi ' the Dandenong buffuers 1 nclosed the 1 ditor -will find ¿I for Captain "N a ker THE IMFRNATIOVAT, RIFLP MITCH AT CKFEDIOOK-Hie result of the great international rifle match, which took place in 1 lenca on tue 13th ind 14th of the present month, cai not be renarried from a shootmg point of -view as satisfactorv to the Austialians It was g^ner illj believed th it an Vus traban team of riflemen w as quite able to meet inv; otner team in the vv orld, or it w i uld ha\ e been ansurd to send them llieie is little or no fluking n shoot lngvvith match nues and the on*"sts aie now so elese hat a competitor scoi ng an outer even in the first stase oí a matJi Ins 1 ce i unable to recover the loss after wau1 s I he Australian team 3tood Gi points behind ihe v inning team, which siniph me mi that she w is distanced and th" Scotch team shared the same fite, while the Camel rns-to use a tmfj phrase-wen. never 11 ti e lace tue nnlj leal j com peting team» being tne Amontan I ish Austialian and bcotch It is to be regie t"d that Ln.land was not ieprc«_nted b it ti ere can be no doubt that tne Council of the -vationil Rifle Association took the mjst diDnified cour e when the» declined to rece guise three teams ai representing the Lnited kingdom m m international contest to be decided in -Vmerica Vs fir as "Sew South 'Wale* is concerned th re is at least a drop of consolation in the fact th._t two of her contingent to the Australian team ^tood first and second ia the s ormg-Messis Made md Gee and that the o hei tw > "Me sis L) nch and Smith, also shot fairlv the 'our top1 mg the ^coie of the Vittoruin conting nt bv li points "\\\ o mention this nottodiaw invidious com\ nisoiis but to snow that lae confidence ¡eposed in oui rifle shots bv. those to whom the colony is indebted for then appearance at Creedmoor w as w eil founded lae Vi eu an team, it appears, scored G1 poi ts more than the Vustra han nlthou_h the gro^s number of point?, GUG, appears lar^e an J tonsequenth the difference m points between the two teams small, it must be borne m mind that «s ninth as live points _ie gwen fir an innei bilUcje, and that an a\era_e of centres is considered A er j ii different shooting at the près nt titue Mr blade jnade ^S, and Mr Gee 3 17 points, out op a p ssible Ao0, both thus ¡»coring equal io all bullsejes of 1 points, with 3S and ¿7 po n's r spectnclj over "Mr lung scored onU one point less tnan Gee, the r mnimng hve i ade equa1 to all bul'sevcs of 1 with joints over which nnj becoiistdeel 'tall shoo ing j et the ^.menean team beat the Vusti ahans bv. S points per man Ihe Vustralians le supposed I j some peisons to be placed at a di«advan age m tit" matter of hqliv, and atmos >here bi t w i'h the splendid scores ot Slade, Gee ail lung tnis e\cuso 13 e"arcel\ tenable, tie same _u_ht be =aid of tre Irish and Scotch teams the former, 1 )w ev e w as onlv 12 points behind t e winners, «o that climatic i'lfieiences did not scm to uiteifeie with them Had the two \ ictorians- le^sis "W ai dill and Draper (two oft'-e best G lots m their edon) -been up to their usual form the distance ould ha-ve been c n iderablj diminished, but with si h eve lient «hooting as there must have been bv the two ending trains, it is scarcelj probable that tnt i o mon* vv ould luv e been altered Ihenevt con ta 'W ashing on ni v\ _ ut us in a bettei place ANOTHER EVODLS TROM HWDAMCU.-Two more lads named respectneh Arthur Torster and Joseph Jacoos have made their e=T:ape irom the 'Vsvlumat Randv iel Ihev were brought to this ofhcelast e-vening bv Mr J Vi _mirt, who states that thev weie found w mdermg about the streets -hey weie both in a condition -verging on filthmess The} were not drt sed ni the Asvlirm unifoim, but n coothing taken from a store in the ins i ution wheie it appears the clothes of new arm als are deposited Loth weie as pitiable ohjects as could be i na med One of th"m 1 crater, had raprks lil D the impies=ion of a gudiron on his left hip, and an ill lool mg «otc, which he said was caused b> the flog0ing Ile states that for gom¿ out of bounds-that is, for going without the limits of the institution grounds-he v as laid on a table and held tate dow mt aids b) two assistants named M Pherson and Walker, while Forster the schoolmaster, applied a bundle ot willow switches to his posterior* Fe does not know how old he is, nor how loi g he has been ni the institution The other boj Jacobs is 11 -v ears ofa3e He was not beaten but he states th it he r m aw a} to avoid a Hogging foi bcm_ out of bounds ihej made their escape on Mondav b\ jumping over the fence surrounding the As\ lum Mr fcma t mtende 1 taking care of them for the night, and returning them to Randwick this morning NEW POETRY -Under the title of " Musings on the Past, Present and 1 uture, Mr Samuel Hai per, of Redfern has wntten a small volume of p^etrv, chien} ni blank, leise, on îehgious subjects Ihe author has eudentH taken considerable pains about the ihv, thm of his poeirs, and evident!} writes in earnest and with the best uitentions although the subjects hechiefl} tieats of have alreadv been touched D\ no less a man than Milton It is v ery dangerous work foran amateur in poeti} to follow in the foot- steps of the author of " Paradise Lost Mr Harp r has dedicated his volume to the Rev Canon Stephen Joseph Cook and Co, of George-street, »Te the pub ushera» SAM OP POHONB-The Act of Parliament regulatwe the sale of poisons will come into loree on tho. Ut October. The Pharmacy Board thereby con- stituted met yesterday at the Board-room of the S> d ney Infirmary. The meeting was of a preliminar) nature and was adjourned until Fridaj. As tho pro- fusions of the Sale of Poisons Act are of general im- portance we may mention the poisonous articles spe- cified in the schedule, the sale of-which is prohibited, evcept under certain restriction» Ihey are as follows -Arsenic, prussio acid, strychnine, savin nnd its oil, ergot of rve and its prepara- tions, chloral hidrate, laudanum, C)anides of potassium and all metallic cj anides, all poisonous .vegetable alkaloids and their Bait«, aconite and its preparations, tartar emetic, corrosive sublimate, canthandes, oxalic acid, chloroform, belladonna, and its pieparations opium, and all prepara ions of opium, 01 of poppies other than laudanum, and arsenical pre parations except green and other coloured paints A correspondent mentions, in reference to the Act, that few country storekeepeis are an aie that the mixture w eil know n as paregoric elixir contains omura and therefore comes M ithm the prohibitor j clauses of tho law TirK BIBI/B COMBINATION-A meeting of membeis of the Bible Combination was held at the Temperance Hall, on Monday evening, Mr John Campbell being in the chair lhe corresponding secretar) (the Rev T B lress) reported that during the month successful nubile meetings had been held at Castle Hill, Dungog, and Port Macquarie, mid that in addition to the members faming the several bnnches i la-ge number of persons had joined the parent societ) during the month Applications for deputations had been received from Parramatta Dural, mid Pennant Hills; also a veiy pressing one from Xewcastl", Lambton, and Wallsend Three members w ere appointed to proceed to the latter districts dunns» the second week in October A public meeting will be held at the Glebe during the lirst week of October On the motion of Mr E V Rennie it was decided to endeavour to secuie a deliverance horn the Svnods or Assemblies of the different íeligious bodies a« to whether or not it is desirable that the teachers nnd scholars should be precluded bj law horn reading the Hoh Bible in the State schools of the colon) lhe meeting was opened and closed with praver BOTA-SV. MernAMCs' IXSTITUTF -The annual meeting of tins uistitution for the election of olhcers for the ensuing v car ending JOth September 1S77, was held on Monday cvenins last Mr li "Westcott piesided. Owing to the boisteious state and threat ening aspect of the weather there was not a large attendance rf members The minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed lhe chairman in answ er to a question asl ed at previous meeting bv Mr Court, lead a return, p epaiod by the secietary show nig the numberof committee meeting-, held during the jeir and the attendance of members of the com- mittee respectivel) to such meetings lhe election was then held the gentlemen named being elected to the oflices stated -Mr II Wentcott, president , Messrs H Ereeraan and John Parker, vice pre^i dents Mr S J. Butler, treas irer Mr Joseph Ensor secretar) , and Messrs J Court, W Stephen, John Ensor Thomas Spence, W II Pnsfield, Walter Movse, A Geddes, D lra7e , and John Gc des, -pin , committee of management Mr C Howe, custodian and hb-anan After some dismission with regard to the advisability of altering the bv laws to enable members unable to personallv attend the election meeting to vote b) proxv, the j roctedmgs termi nated LTVNFVN SOCIETY -. The ordmarv monthly meeting of this societ) was held at the rooms 01, Hunter street, at 8 o clock p ra on Monda) last After the usual routine busine ~~through, the sccrctarv announced the domtirn from the Rev W "W oolls, B L *- , of Part III of Baron Von Mueller s Educational Collection of Australian Plants The presi'ent read an interesting paper bj the Rev- J. E Tenmson Woods, E L S , 1 G S , fLc , of Tasmania, and a corresponding member of the society, on the genus Risclla lhe learned luthor points out that though the speue3 of the genus are undoubtcdl) hermaphrodite, vet in practice they are male and female, and that variations wrich have been looked upon as marking well defined species, are reallv nothing more than sexual differences Mr Bra7ier, C M ¿ S lead a paper in continuation of his work on the Mollusca of the Chovert Expedition lhe families dealt with weTe the bcalindc, leiebnde, and Pjramadtlhdi - m all fiftv nine species, ten of which were new lhe pre ¡dent read a paper the lont pioduetion of himself and Dr Allevne on the Ichthvology of the Cheven Expedition I itt) -four species w ere noticed in the wiper, twentv-one of which were d"sc ibed as new Tne remainder of the fishe» of the exnedi ion will f rra the subject of future paoers Mr E P Runsiv ELS read a shoit paper giving further proof of the coirectness of Ins ooinion expiessed in i previous paper, that Poe^hila Gouldic is the female of P mirabilis IAMIHUUSTUMOX -Thehalf-yearly meeting of the members of this Union was held at the Oxford Hotel, last evöiing Mr J "\\\ lllumson, president of thg societv, took the chair, and there was a good attendance of members lhe report was read bv Mr M OC Bia«, the lion secietarj, and was of a vcr) iuvourable charactei Mr M'Laughhn, the hon treasuiei, brought up the financial report which showed that the halt vear s receipts weie £GG 10s , and tne expenditure t>io 8s, leaving a balance in hand ot £21 &s;, the number of members at present being 41 lhe reports were adopted on the motion of Mr Hogan seconded by Mr Biadv bei eral nominations for merabeiship were received, and the meeting then proceeded to the election of ofheerá for the ensuing half-v oír This resulted as fcOlow -President, Mr J Williamson vice presi- dí nt, Mr P. Callachor, hon secretan;, Mr J ML-ug'ilm, hon treasurer, Mr M OC LI ike , committee, Messrs Bradv Caraher, Hogan, lit/gerald, M'Carth), Phillips, Weat and Wright Tnanks w ere accorded to the ofiicers for their past services, and the secietary was instructed to come) the thanks of the Union to Prior Dwver and the pro fe«sois of Lyndhurst College for their umlo ra kindness to the members A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings ST. BFNKDICT'S CHORAL, SOCIFT\ -A very successful concert was given veaterda) evening at St Benedict s Hall, bv tne members of the t Benedicts Choral Societ) lhere vi as an excellent attei dance, and the audience w as full) appreciative of the entei tauiincnt set betöre the n, for ever) piece was highly applauded, and there were numerous encores The programme contained songs, duets, glees, and instru- mental solos, all of which were given with much eflect Mr C B Sussmilch led the choir as con ductor, and Mr Maxton efficientl) performed the duties of conductor PRESENTATION Fi,owFR-STAND. -Yesteiday we were shown, by Messrs Flavelle and Roberts, a handsome solid silver hVwer-stand, vvhich has re centlv been iranufactured on their premises, and which is intended for presentation to Captaui Moselev, who is shortly leaving the district of à arrabri As a piece of colonial woikmaushin, it is creditable m the highest degree "to the manufacturers, and will be valuable to the recipient, not onl) as a token of the esteem of the donors, but as a specimen of the artistic skill which can be brought to bear in the production of suca a piece of plate lhe pedestal, which rests upon a highly polished stand of ebon), is ot plain silver, around the base of which is a frosted silver band The surface of the pedestal represents a scene in the bush, where aro supposed to be growing two tree ferns, surrounded bv the natural grasses of the country, and on either side of the trees are the t) pical emblems of Aus- tralia-the emu and the kangaroo The leaves and fronds of the tree fern form the support for the glass bowl intended as a receptacle for ¿oweis. With the exception of the ebon) stand and the plain silver peleotal, the stand from the groundwork upward is made entirely of frosted silver, nchly chased and otherwise ornamented To the minutest details great attention appears to have been paid, and the emu and kangaroo alone, irrespective of the other parts, wall bear more than a cursor) inspection lhe weight of the whole is about sixty ounces, and it is about seventeen inches m height Upon a silver shield the fillowmg inscription is engraved -"Pre- sented to Capt W B Mosele), as a maik of respect and esteem, bv his friends ia the distuct of Narrabri, New South Wales, 1876 " SACKED SONG -Yesterday e\ ening a service of sacred song took place in the Presb) terian Church, Palmer street, Woolloomooloo lhere was a moder- ate attendance. Mr. D. M'Beath presided, and, having openel the service with prayer, offered a few remarks on the importance of praise in the worship of God The choir of the chuich, under the con ductor^hip of Mr. M'Coriuck, rendered a number of anthems, hv run«-, and psalms in a creditable mannei, the special object of the service being the improve- ment uf tho congregational singing CRICKET MATCHE*-The secretaries of the principal cricket clubs met at Tattersalls xesterda) afternoon to arrange matches for the present season. The work of negoüation was carried on verv briskly, and the lists were m most cases rapidly made UD. DEATH FROM BUBNS ACCIDENTALLY RFOEIVED. -"ieâterdaj the Citv Coroner hold, at his office in H} de JPark, an inquest touching the cause of death o t Anne Tafte, who expired on Monday forenoon in the Infirraaiy from bu ns received a few hours previousl} Tho chief witness e mned was Mrs Ann Doolan who keeps a lodgiu house in Da} s building», oU Clarence street, who deposed that deceased waa G> }e_]8ofaLe, a widow, and a native of Manchester, 1 ngland she gained a livelihood b} selling religious tracts about the citv , she had known deceased for the last seven months during which time she had been living with her deceased, with another woman and witness occupied the same room and the} slept m separate beds , nbouthnlf past 12 on Monda} morn ng witness was a oused fiotn her sleep by hearing screams, and getting un bhe found her in flames she was standing b} her bed with her nightclothcs on fire, another woman who slept upstairs nam°d Lh/abeth William , attracted b} the screams, carne do \ n, and they put out the fire thev saw that sne had been very much burnt the} took oft the burnt clothes, put a clean mghtdiess upon her, and laid h"r on a sola, and witness went and gue the alarm to the police she obseived n number of matches l}in_ about the floor, and also a pipe deceased was a great smoker, and was m the habit of limiting her pipe and smol mg after she had pot into bed Lh/abeth Williams gave corroborative evidence, m the course of wmch she said that she had never seen deceased under the influence of drink, and that she had never even seen drink in the h use Senior constable Butler deposed to the removal ot Mrs laffe to the Infirmar} ^he was unconscuus and unable to give any account of the occurrence Di Brady, ho ise suigeon at the Svdne} Infirmary being examined deposed that de ceased hal been udmitted in a state of insensibility nbout 1 o clock on Monday morning , shew as suffering from extensive burns over the face, on the trunk, and lower extremities lhese burns were sufhcient to account for death Ihe juri returned a verdict of death fiom bums accidentally iccened INFIRMARY ITEMS - Yesterday Thomas Ghost aged 41 years, was admitted into the In- firmary, suffering from injuries to the back the result of a fall which he had received on last Saturday week through a push which a young man had given him in a house in Castlereagh street. -On Monday night Thomas Macl en/ie, a"ed IG, w is attended for a fracture of the forearm-UnMonda} afternoon William Thomas, 39 vears of age, was attended to for a severe wound across the wnst lie had been filing a piece of iron, when the file slipped, nnd the wrist was brought violently in contact with a lagged portion of the non, cnusm_ the wound described - On Monda} ni_,lit police constable Edwards, of 2vo 2 station took to the Infirmary a man named John Carraodv a carter in the emplo} of the City Corpora- tion who was suffering from severe injuries to the bael It would appear that he was driving his cart in Edwnids street off Parramatta street when one of the wheels < ame violentl} against a stone The force of the concussion threw CarmotJ} out of the cart and under one of tne wheels, which went over his back Vdmitt°d to the accident w ard-OnMon^av afternoon le b°rt !Ii)l Jo j ears of age, re- siding in Gloucester street and employed by the Bulli Coal Comnanv was treated at the In fumarv for a dislocated wrist which he had received ni the follov me: manner He w is unshipping coal fiom the steamer Mavworth, and while crossing a plank a coal basket carne against lum, causing him to lose hi» ba'ance and fall to the deck. NF\ ITALIVX OiFnA COMPAQ -Some months ago a movement was started in fevdne} tor the purpose of endeavouring to procure the visit of an Italian Opera Corapanv to Vustraln, and as a guarantee vv as required a subscription list was opened those persons s-ibscribing are to íeceive an equiva'ent m tickets for the operatic season when it commences m S}dnev Ihe movement was, though quiet, suffi citiitlj successful to induce those persons who took the matter in han 1 to 8°nd an agent to Ital} to engage a full companv and know ins that mediocre artists would not succeed here, instructions were given to secure nersons of acknowledged talent The agent sent pi iced himself in communie »turn vv ith Signor Cambiasio, a theatrical agent at Milan and vesterda} Mr I i/ar, of the Theatie Roval, received a telegram from Itali dated September IG, not onl} dinouncing that fourteen opera ic perform r hadbeen engaged but giv ing their names and the ciuahti of their voices fhcj are as f Hows -Signora Guadagmm, pnnii donna dra nmatica Signora Cavatti, prima donna lesgera Signora \ e mita, prima donna contralto Signora oeBautl} ultra prima donna Signor Pala dun primo tcnoie serio , Signoi Camero primo tenore leg.cio Sisnor Orlmdiu, primo barítono seno ^ígn r Gambetti, primo bar tone bullan e , Sitjn->r 1 tsani pumo bass a bignor lessada buff J , Signor Pa ti, a'tto prima basso, Signoia Bor7oni, second donna Si.nor reaves, second tenoie bienor Lambiaggio second bantone It is anticipated that thev will snortl} leave for bvdnev, and bring with them i >cp i i e of th" best opeias Vtter a surfeit o' opera bouffe, a season ot the higher class of lv ric di a na v» ill be a relief EHMVG OF SACRFD ^ONG-A service of Sacred QO"Í: will be held m the York street Wes levan Church his evening The programme will be given bv the bachata sctiool scholars, assisted by the choir of th° church W OOLLAHRA LlTrR Ul\ INSTITUTE -TheuSUal vv eeklv meeting of this societv v as held in tne rooms Porch stieet on Mondav evening, the business b mg the reading of the manascript jo írnal Original com- positions hj rae u era on " \\\ ar " Misnomers ' Phases of Sydne} Life and ' The otortn vv ere read Ea"h aiticle appeared to be well written, and led to an animated discu«iou and criticism, and that upon the latter paper resi ltei m a subscription list bein- opened for the ' Dandenong Relief Tund «TRE*T PAV I ME\TS -It has been a matter of observation fwr some time past that the o'd sandstone fl iggmg is being craduallv superseded bv Me^ourne and \ orkshire btone and it seems strange that, in the fice of cur almost inexhaustible ftock of blue tone, we rre obliged to import sawn flagging from the neighbouring colon}, while such an mdustrj, vvoiked vv ith economv from our own resources, w ould pav e tt e whole of Svdnev without out ide ai"*, aid prove remuuer jti e to those vv ho might u, dertake suca a work CAUIF COVIMDMCATIOV BrTVinjFv AUSTRALIA A\nAviEiTt\\-ihe ^an J > añasco Untie n has the following remarks on the subieet of telegraphic cou munication between -Vustraha and Vmerica -The ¿Vustralian journals aie advocatm_ that am evten=ion of the present sjuteni of telegiaphv with the mother countrv should be on the route ot the explorations bv the tinted States steamship Tuscarora m the Pacific Ocean \ny cable laid ac oss the Pacific Ocean as suggested w ould naturallv hav e its terminus on this siie at San T/ancisco There is ever} reason for the speedy commencement of the work Ihe evpecta tions of tne Australian colonies have not been realised under the present cable sv stem Ihehnehastvvogrand faults which appear irremediable The first is that the line betw een Australia and India passes through Dutch terntorv, where the messages have to be repeated by Dutch operators who are innocent of a know ledge of the English language 1 he consequence is that mes ages come over the cable undecipherable, and since thete'egraph compan} refuses to correct its ow n errors the public suffer accordmgh The second inconvenience is that the line from its multifarious connections, is always getting out of repar, and merchants find it practicablv impossible to conduct business A duplicate line has become a necessity The only question is what route shall be taken The Premier of New South "\\\ ales has memorialised the other Australian colonies to join that colonv ma scheme for connecting the whole of the Australian colonies with the United States The only obiection raised to his proposition is one of cost This element has entered urti all cable laving But strange to sa}, cable enterprises, once thought so nskv, have proved one of the most remunerative of commercial specula tions The atlantic and Indian cables pav good dividends and there is everv ev-pectationthat a cable between this coast and New Zealand and Aus- tralia would prove equallv lucrative Such coble would possess this further impoitant advantage, all messages would be transmitted and repeated by English-speaking operators Ihe australian colonies and the Paciuc coast of the L nited States are de ' eloping a trade with the numerous groups of islands in the Pacific Ocean An} Pacihc cable would naturallv tollow to some extent the route of the mail steamships, and take in the Sandwich and Fiji groups of islands A cable betw een California and Australia, touching at; these points, would insure no small amount of mercantile business With two ¿ne* runninz in diflerent directions, there need he no fear of the colonies being cut off at anv time from tele- graphic communication This -s not the first time that the suggestion has been made, and weare gla I to find that New South Wales has taken hold of the project in such earnestness. SALE OF STOCK.-Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Co report b} telegraph that they sold 25 bullocks for the Hon Ned Black, of Mount Moorat, at from £17 15s to £22, averaging £19 10s, 