SEYMOUR rOMCE COURT. [?] Wednekdav, IGtii August. Bbfobe Mr. A. Uiirrett, J.P. VAOUANT. Thomns Friery was charged by Senior constable Walsh with having no visible lawful means of support. The accused plradod guilty, and was sentenced to one .month's imprisonment in Cnoma Gaol. 1 hope tlic Cooma police will en drnvotirlo Imve Hie nnforl««nt-'-ild man, wlio is almost blind nud quite incapable of earning a livelihood, sent lu tome asylum. It is raining hero to-day, and if we have a coulinuancp, it trill do a great deal of good to grass and the growing crops. [TltOMA COHHESrONDENT.] Many are the complaints from all quarters as to the death amongst horned slock ; but it appears we are not o» badly off, for we can ruisc fat bnef. I am given In understand that the Cooma ' liiiicnws are supplied wmi imuocxs irom thin part; this does not speak bad for tho grilling capitalists of Seymour. I am given to tindt-retnni] that it is in contemplation to build a sicam (lour mill in Seymour; this is a stop in tho right direction, and it is to be iiopcd that before ? tho next year's crop the sound of the steam whistle will be heard in Seymour. It will bo a great acquisition to tho settlors around, and as far as my humble opinion goes it will bo a very remunera tive undertaking. Fiirmers will not Imve as much crop , in t)i is yr.ir its usual.; tbs serere frosts prevented them from ploughing. A petition is going the rounds for signature to bn'-fwarded lo tue Po»t mnsler-Genciul, complaining of the non delivery nf the mailn nt contract lime-, instead of being delivered at 1 o'clock. Some heavy swouring tonic pi nee on Sun day, 20th, as many from a distanco of 20 miles had to go homo in tho frosty night without their letters or newspapers, and I am told many had to stop in tana all night sooner than have to undertake the journey back in the morning. One poor nan who was waiting' for a letter from his son who is in tho infirmary in Sydney -.dnngeron6ly ill had to go home without te. ? MiCALAQO. — Several free selectors in this district are summoned to the Cooma Court by the Commissioner to enquire of them if they are residing on their se lections. They are -complaining (and not without canse) of the hardship of having to travel 40 miles to a court house when there is onn within sight of their homesteads. The Micalago Court house is snpplied with every requisite for holding those inquiries, and as the Commissioner will call here on his way .to Cooma, why not have tho inqniiy. . held here and thereby save theee people unnecessary journey and cxponso7 — ' Queanbeyan /fgc. Fat Cattmc.— The best cattle that hare been seen fora long while in Cootna -Were brought from Encnmbcne last week uv jur. nurtiuLii. Eholisr Mail. — Letters via Galle trill close at Cooma Post Office at half past 6 o'clock on Thursday evening, 3 1st ' Aagnst. Pabkrb PAHjitra for PAv.-~The com- ' iniiteo.of the Mechanics* Institute wore much snrpnsed to reoeive on Tharsdur evening «n application signed with tho name of our1 greatest political magnate, flow ont of office, for tae Tftrant position of librarian. The applicant sJ.'1**1 thotns lie was noirontaf employment an*? likely in Jjc so for some time to come, he bogged Yespectfnllj to apply for the vacancy. Ho wnS BO Well known that be regarded it as a work of enperorogalion to forward i^ioatuiMj ol referees; but if the coin VqT^o'tUoflglit othcrwlso. lo iroiijd rpfer Jthem tfllB Excellency Sir Hercules .Robinson, tbe lion.. John Robertson, toe' ?hon. Tho's. Gafrot]t,iUo guv-iJas. Green wood (the *' pniiLieal'fiBritun *' and ' nian of one idea,'} also to Mr. 'fvetf, the; ineiuber fur Goul'Urn, or Ib Mr. ilutler,, the mamlur for Argylf, Tl'ioiie gentle nten, lie --iiid,' wer^ troll acquitintcd wiib !his climscler ami' ability, and _,w-inld be eure tu^ji'ftlt ill favour ot'Vmi. Tliuap '' j)!ir.i'i»!i wa» siaui-3 iHi'iiry.Parlt'j. it |ras n--t oiitTlaincd by ihi fommhivc— ;?' ' 'iivainuW'fte-M,' :'.J ? ' ?' fey. ;??»-—?? ? ' M it. Woodwaiiii, P»ittiunt-l-'ral Qiiunii*.] beyan, diod on Tu-.^duynight. 1 VicTdiiiAN (iakkttb.— Mr. Tlinmit KnKtou, J.I*., Ims been npjioinlpil » li censinp mii|rislrnte fur On.™. — Stork cannot bo transferred fn.in ouci siii|i 01 veiisnl to annthur in Victoiia »iili»nl.ll« written authority of the Inn|.-.i-t r jit Stocic. — An allowimcn of Ci ]-er hulc it 'jifldo npon N.w St.utii Willis -rn I sen' by railway from Echuca or Wudmiga to Melbourne. Tub Contempt before .futtifcs Put ishment Kill huh been withuWn hy Mr Jacnb ; it would liavu been ft iIiu.j^tuhs woiirion in -lic linnrls «f ignom:it rqir« senUtives of the Orcnt Uii'pui-l. At tho I!r.iidw-u.i] Qmntii- Se-sioiih on 14th iiiMunt, William Hi.'koy *»-? acquitted of the churga of sti'iiliii^' » c.i'f belonging to HasHnll, Jiolwit-, ami tioyds, at Ueidmlaln, on 1st fiupiembrr lust. Tbe Uraiduoud Dispatch miystliu verdict was recurved with iipplnusi*, - TuNDitits will bo reovivriil u-- iu ]2i), Soptcmber hy the Una-;7 8i'cr»tnry fur Public Worku, SyiI;;0y? for the erection ..f a bridP'. t,VOr CoolumbnokH Kiver, 011 lh«! road from UumbuU to Kilfn. IMsm,' spucificntion, and form of trmlrr may bo seen at Boiulialft^nnil Kvfin I'.ilire Officos. iMI'iiovitu Lani-s. — Dcparlui--nt -if Lands, Sydney, lfiih Augiint, 187C— Porch HfiOB of the following portions sire pprmilled under tho 2nd clause ol tiio Crown Lands Act Amendment Act; the sums named to bo paw ^within three months: — 5100\. William Jardine, PoKlnn i\ AS norrs. i-«rith d How, onunty ol Wcllculiy, Turry l'lm IKin ; VI. 3398\. Muurici, JUm'it. t'O-li.ni 41], I If, Dtiru, ,,niiBl, ul WoDlumla, on the Ho« brook Kuu 1 Ml. TI10 Dcpurl.mcHt, of Wills, on Angnsl 22nd, notifies tho following, lo bo jaM in threo months : — (3Cg. Jotlll Uouctli'r, portion I3» 40 icn 5 toikU, r«rt»U ol UuillllnprAcli. county uf W. llml.v, llulitlun. Run; v«lur, £10 111. Hi, ' 6B7I. Sir James Metheson, |-orllon 99, ll.» nrrrfi. parifti of Oocar, county of WpllvnW-y, Aftonllun ; till. MiNEnAi. Lease forfuituJ by Ucpnrt ment of Mines on 21st August;— ThatnM irnlt awl anotlier. SO umv. V..iMiiiBol.illr. Couiits or Imquiiiy. — Li.nii Couiinis sionor Juhuson G. King holds inquiries «t Court Hou6ob QnoMibi'jan on Mon day, 28th August, Cooma on Friday, 1 si September, and Dotnbalu on Monjny, 4tli September. iNsoLVBKoy. — Alex. Spaiko Mbuii-s, butcher, of Jioinlcila, will apply 10 tin: CommisBioncr, King-street, Bydney, on Tuesday, 19th September, for a certificate of conformity. Royal Ciiicket Cluii. — A special meeting of the above club was held at the Royal Hotel, Cooma, on Wednesday night. The rules nnd by.hiwn framed hy the committee »eri- r«ail, (iihcnswd, an-l finally adopted. The n^x' qm'stion was one of great importance, thai of srcitring mid forming a proper gromut. As the chief object of the Rnynl Cricket Club is the improvement of its members in the gamp, its firfit business niiiurully must be to poBsess n groun'l upon which the play can bo enjoyed without danger to life or limb. Hitherto in Co'mihi imli viduul skill in the gamu has been eiuiply fi matter of a sur« eye and ft strong arm, but if the Royal Club attain its object we fee no reason why, in the course of n few years, we should not bo represented in an intercolonial tonni; fur may m not reasouably expect to possess an embryo Evans or Banntfbrd ? In cricketing, it is nn established fact that 'good ground makes good players.' This question having been freely discussed, it nns re ferred to a committee with |-o»er to act in the matter as they think best. A good many influential genll'meu have becomo honorary mombors of the Club, and during the coming season w-- --xprcl to witness many a civil buttle at this mont ' Royal ' gamp, Cooma Dramatic Club.—Twn enter tainments sro annnunccd hy the lotal amateurs, ou T«usd«y and Wvduesilay evenings at Mr. H. Thornton's Furniture Bazaar, Murray-street, near Bombala titreot. A stuga has been erectvd, nud every ondcavour will be made to provide comfortably for th* audience. The piec™ chosen for the occasion ar« 'Tho Lottery Ticket,' a negro farce entitled ' Ghost in a Pawnshop,' and nn nlitT|iieco, 'Tho Dend Shot,' There will be a inimical interlude. Elsewhere, tho programum appears. Bazaab.— Tliere will be a fancy linear in aid of tbo parsonage at Gegedzerick on Monday night, at tho Cmnu Hotel. Tit at ' hard- work ing' pa ir of vagran I s, Mr. and Mrs. Bentley, seem to be bid ding again to obtain lodgings at Ihc npsrl price in one of her Moji'stj's gaols. They were discharged here ou Thursday week with strict orders to ' clear out,' hut it seems that they did not huny themselves, as on Wednesday they bad only got as far as Manar, where fmxl wan kindly given to them, but ithcre tbcv had the impudence to ask for grog in .1 Idition. The man, who is in the ('rime of life, is too indolent to work, And pre fers going about the country with an old harri-Un who might he taken for his grandmother. We hope tint the police of liung'MiUorc aud Tarrago will keep a bright look out fur them ii doing Bomo flitntr wliprahv the Ifcir mnv mnlf*» it -- caution to them. There nra ton many lazy skulking^ragabonds knocking about in all directions. A curious method of msknig-uJniiikfii husband reform (the Argus B«ys) w»s adopted by the magistrates at the St. ICilda Police Court. A liotelkeeper named Toseph Hyndman was eharged by his wife with threatening to take her life. The complainant stated that her husband was extremely kind when sober, but when intoxicated his temper was un governable. When before the Court, *-rs. Hyndman did not wish to press the charge, but asked the Bench to repri mand him. The magistrates, however, dooiipecl to let iu? dcfcniUni off so easily, and gave him iJjP alt,»n.»tir.; of Jilting an oath that be would ebsUin .rom -«- tox-icating drink for two years, or b^ sentenced to a term of imprisonment. lie preferred living .a sober life to going tb'gaol, and took the oath with great ^eriotJ5ta£f8. . ' ' ' ' Sevens fronts have rieitcd Cooma, the dnys turning .out line ami warm. A fine raiii Iset in on AVednesrluy nmruing. Uvavy fogcarlyonTliursiloy.aiid wester.y gules. On fiiurnA»j »iglit, thcro was a Jintvy fall nf enow ; next, duy was fine, u 6tiil wind blowing Cfjti, 