PEPPER'S GHOSTS. The spectators; seated on benches as in a theatre or lectore-room, see a stage in front of them, suitable for some' kind of dramatic performance. Between toenr and the stage is a sunken chamber,-1 the floor five or six feet below toe- level of toe stage. This chamber is opened at- the top, but toe opening is concealed from the audience by suitably arranged boards and screens Behind toe snnken chamber, aud at the front edge of the stage is set up a large plate of plain or unstlvered glass, inclining fiirwaid a little at the top, and so environed witlr painted scenery - as to induce tbe observer to lose sight of the fact that he is looking at the stage- th -ongh a glass. Liviug actors, -flressed up iu any way at pleasure, are"-in : the sunken chamber, 'with a very strong lime- light or otbet light shining-onfhhm from ' lamps properly placed ; the actors and tbe lamps- being equally cdncealfed from the audience by screens. ThestrohgxayB1 from the illuminated figures strike tip in- a slanting .direction' against the- hlass, and are then reflected to- the andieqee. The glass has snch an inclinatiob -givfen ' to it, that this reflection shall bh'visible' to the spectators generally. The' effect ! produced, though scientifically- plain en-1 qugb, is practically veiy surprising. - ; -Snp posing a young actress, dress- as- fi' the atrically beautiful sylph or nymph, to be' properly placed in the sunken chamber, ' and an intense lime-light shiuing od her, we see the reflected sylph in the' glass ; but. not knowing there is any glass-there,- we seem to see a brilliant real sylph on the stage. ; If the actresssylph, tke livung person in the sunken chamber, smiles or makes any gestures, the phantom-eylph- on ' A stage) does the same ; - if she -stags or speaks, we hear the - sounds," and j see the lips of the phantom moving. "H theliit ofthe lampB Is -made gradnklly to go ont, toe phantom disappeara'lit& fi dissolving- view ; and' if ""a trap-doof I suddenly bat silently doses toe topbfjthe «noken "chamber, - the phantom disappears instantly. If tbe lady walks away from tofe'Sttttken chamber; soflftes the"phaatom" walk away from the sta3e ; and then, if an actor, dressed, say as a magician, should "appear---.,u -toe «l«ge; -be may-eeem- tu 1 perform a little -drama with the phantom, if, toe distances and- lights are properly adjusted. Troe, be can not see toe pfaautom himself ; but he is guided towards its appareut position by marks, cues, or clues of some kind If the glass does not extend all across .toe stage, be may pass from behind- to the front of ift or vice versa, by an -opening at the ride, without toe spectators detect ing either the glass -or the absence of it ; , and he may thus carry on toe details of tnany a, carious dramatic plot , with the- phantom. If there are two or more actors and actresses in the sunken chamber, and two or more on toe visible stage, the.bye- play may be greatly varied, and the effect wonderfully increased. If one of the actors in toe sunken chamber, is a sculp tured statue or a plaster bast instead of a liviug person, a diversity of result follows from combining the phantom of a living being with toe phantom of the copy of a living bring. 