Perhaps tlio most noteworthy' speech delivered in the Assembly on "Wed nesday- niglit Inst tvus tlio ono made by- Mr. Buzacott, tho member for Itock- hnmpton. During the Inst two or three weeks and when it tvns apparent tluit \- Mr. Macai.isteb s Government was falling to pieces, tlmt portionof tlio press which usually ndvocntes tho cnuso of "-'-j'- the pnstornl tenants- strongly and re peatedly urged the advisability of some co-operation between members sitting on the cross benches on opposite sides of the Assembly. Members were as sured that the dny hud gone by when n purely Squatting Ministry could hope to rule the colony"; that the leaders of tlmt party recognised the fact, nnd only usketl such a share in the administration of tlio Government ns tho importance of, tho interest would ' ' justify. The dawn of n political lnil- lenium was about to break over Queens- " land, the lion would lie down with the lamb, nnd loading men on tbo squat ting side would co- operate with tlio general body of tlie colonists iu con structing railways, in opening iq> the lands, in introducing immigrants, niul in settling tlieni upun the runs which : these truo patriots only held themselves . , until Jk) peoplo should be rendy to occupMem. Alas ! that this should provo;., 11 Only the baseless fabric of a dream !" Mr. huzACOT'r has declared that the squatting party will linvo the whole . ' Government or none. He evidently tujioke for the whole party, and bo was cheered by; .them, and especially by their leading members, when : lie suid tlmt they -would not support any Go vernment that included any members from tho opposite side of the Houso, or ' . from the cross benches — tlmt the only Government titer would support woulil- bo one headed b'y Mr. Pai.meii. It is "well that Mr. Huzacott has spoken out, ns ho lias done, for now nt least wo know whftt we may oxpect. If be hnd remained, silent 'many members, wishing for penco, and for the cessation orthe party strife which 1ms. so seriously impelled tbo progress ot the colony, might have' been tlisposed to concede some share in the Govern ment to tbo porty-to wliicb Mr. Buza cott belongs. As it is tliey will now >' understand that the- retirement from office of the Liberal pnrty would bring about an immcdiato return of tlio old regime of violence, corruption, and trickery. Tho presont Ministry must bo nd- mitted to bo weak in muuy respects ; most oftlioif nmnhernve comparatively- young aud untried men ; they do not count ninong them any of the moro active aud influential lenders of tbo colony, and there is an unfortunate tippenrnnco ns of local cliquism in tbo j , . combination. Still there is no reason \- to believo that thoy, or tiny of them, would udopt a policy Which was likely | to be seriously injurious to the in- terests of tbo colony, or that tliey would j endeavour to establish themselves in 1 power by pcrpotruting tiny outrage on the Constitution. Changes may, uutl probably will occur, sooner or later, | which may innka the present Cabinet j_ more acceptable to the colony. It con- tains some men who will not willingly j lower thowselvcs in public estimation ! by appenring ns mere puppets in office, nnd it therefore behoves the people of the colony nt this crisis to net with tho greatest caution nnd judgment,' lest if tliey should precipitately rejcctaMinis- try which is not. in nil respects cntiiil to their expectations they should nud it rcplnced by one much worse. Mr. Buzacott's proclamation amounts to this, that, seeing' a certain amount of weakness in tlio new Minis try, and believing that the Liberal Enrty may ho more or less disorganised y a change of lenders, tho squnttcrs intend to limke a rush for the Trensttry benches. "Now, or never," is to bo their cry, ns it wns on u former memor able occasion, ivhen, holding office by- tho casting vote of tho Sneaker, they manipulated tho vote for the construc tion of the Brisbnno and Ipswich Hail-, way iu such n manner ns to squander £250,000 of tho public money for E arty and political purposes. It may e tilnt tho members tor the Darling Downs constituencies will have a difficult game to play in the forthcom ing session, but tbc one main point which they must not. lose sight of is that a purely Squatting .'Government at tho present time would ho the utter ruin of the cololty. Last Session Mr. Palm Kit both spoke niul voted I ngninst the' resumptions of littids on tlio Darling Downs. Paltry nnd in- suflicicnt as those resumptions un doubtedly wero, tlioy were too much for him. It is also n significant fact tlmt before ho would ngroo to' the ad journment of tho Houso necessnry to allow the new .Ministry to get re-elec ted and to mature tlieir policy, lie made it n stipulation tlmt tlio notices of resumption of lands in the unsettled districts of Darling Downs and the. Burnett should be withdrawn from tho table of the Houses on which they lititl boon laid at tho opening of tho Ses sion. It is well known that the Bur nett District ought to. have been in cluded in tlio settled districts in 1308 and that it was a gross politicnl job plneing it in the unsettled districts merely because the PnnaiEii of that day, nnd several of liis influential .sup porters held valuable runs in it. Now, eig-lit years after this fertile district ought to have been thrown open for settlement it is proposed to commence by resuming tho small quantity of 680,000 ncrcs of lnntl, nnd the leader of tlio squatting pnrty makes it a con dition beforo ho nnd liis party Will agree to a necessary adjournment of the House, that the notices of resump tion shall he withdrawn from the table. Of course they will bo introduced again when the' Houso moots, so 'tbnt lie will not lmvo gained niucn, out lie lias, by the action already taken, shown clearly his desire to defeat, it- possible, these resumptions, which nro only blnmenblo ns being mndo eight, years too lute. If these gentlemen now get into power, what would bo tlono with the ton years' leases? -Hos tile colony, nnd Darling . Downs, in pnrticulnr, any reason to liopo' that justice will bo done 1 Is there any reason to believe tlmt wo shall not linvo a repetition of the Eton Vale Exchanges when it was proposed to givo 20,006 acres of magnificent land, including 10,000 acres nt Umbiroiii, for 7000 acres of very indifferent lnnd? With a packed, majority in the Upper llotiso what hope shall we have of obtaining lnnd to settle upon, or of the ten years leases being resumed for the' settlement of popidntion, if a squatting majority is obtained in the Legislative Assembly ? These arc questions that every member for Darling Downs should ask himself, and seriously think over, beforo assisting to bring about a further complication of the politicnl situation. We are sensible of tlie fact tlmt nil interest in this district is centrcd iu Mr.- Douglas; anil tlmt tlie exposition of liis land policy will ho looked .for with the greatest anxiety. Mr.'- l'biYAtt's system of selling lands by-' auction was condemned in nil tho Darling Downs constituencies, nnd no member advocating it would" linvo n ghost of a 'chance of being returned in "tlie event of a general election. Mr. Dou(ii.as, accomplished scholar niul thorough gentleman ns ho is,, would he defeated for Darling' Downs by an overwhelming majority were ho to appeal to tlio electors for election on tho same opinions on tho lnnd question that he gave expression to in tho Legislative Assembly n few days ago. Whether his opinions are shared in by his colleagues time must reveal. If, however, the government of Sir. Thorn desires to secure tlio confidence anil support of the Darling Downs constituencies, tlic lnnd policy of tlio country mast ho based, on tlio broad principle of " tlio lands for tlie peoplo and the people for tlie lands," and not on the individual crochets of a " I. amis' Minister." 