SPORT IN ENGLAND. m .. I BT OUR OWN CORK.B8PONTIKNT.1 -Boyal Ascot, the grandest race-meeting in the world, wm ftvouied, as usual, by royal patronajte and Queen's weather. The «port was excellent ub ever, thoagh perhaps we have seen a trifle more excitement manifested in the lesults, ani the fact that the Derby winner hod no engagoment at the meeting was a disappointment. Bat the crowds were greater than ever, and the grandstand never before hai its capacity so thoroughly put to the test. On th« Stakes and Cup days there was barely a square- foot of room, in any tier or on tha roof, and as to the lawn at luncheon time there was not «Ten standing-place for a champagne bottle. The banks of rhododendrons were in fall beauty, the turf was its greenest, and the fragrance of ths pine woods filled the air. The at tendance, tie brilliant cohtumes, the good fields of horse j, were all up to the standard always associated with the meet ing on the Royal Heath, and the e was nat a sign of the bad .state of trade and thw fall of foreign stocks in the general ^aspect of society. The Coaching and Four-in-hand Cluta 'turned out in farce, and the crack guards and cavalry regi Taente had their tents, and dispensed lunch to all friend with their usual hospitality. The Prince apd Princess of Wales attended in ^mi-state on Tuesday and Thursday, «nd tho Royal Procession np th* New Mile was received with enthusiastic cheering. Racing .men are invariably loyal, and this was the £nt appearance of the heir-apparant on a racecourse since his return from India. The Prince and Princess, Princess Frederics of Hanover, and the Duke of Cm manght occupied the first carriage, which was drawn by four magniebcent bays, and preceded by the Master of the BuckhiundB, the Earl of Hardwicke, and the usual ftoyal outriders. The Duke of Cambridge and the Duke and .Duchess of Teck were in the second carriage, and Lord and Lady Spencer and Lord Clonniel in the third. The class of racing at Ascot is such that every event is worthy of record, but spaco oompels me to confine my re marks to the leading events. The Gold Vase, 2 miles* was ?thought to be a good thing for Freeman, aged, 8 st. 12 lbs., as Thunder was giving him o lbs., and the latter'* favourite ?course has always been considered to be a mile. Bat the City and Suburban wianer is one of those horses that can «tay as well as go fast, and Archer, waiting with him to the ?distance, won in a canter by a length in 3 minutes 31 seconds. The rich Prince of Wales's Stakes was next on the card, and for this Julius Cxsar, third in the Derby, was anuch fancied, as he was in receipt of 5 lbs. frem Petrarch. But it was forgotten that Petrarch might have obtained place honours in the Derby had he not been eised at the -finish, and a few, his noble owner included, backed him heavily, believing that the Two Thousand winner did not ahow his true form at Epsom, 13 ut whether he was a ataycr or not was another question. However, the horee— ?and a handsomer three-year-old ia not in training in England— looked in perfect fettle, and the race was productive of unusual interest. But before tho horses made the turn for home, the result was -evident enough, and, though Petrarch swerved ?all over the course opposite the stand, he held his own to the finish. But he pulled up so leg-weary that it was gene rally remarked that nis owner would make a grand mistake if he were to run him again at the meeting, and his St. XiCger ohunoe was so more fancied than before. The Prince of Wales's Stakes of 50 sovereign* each, half forfeit, with 1OO0 sovereigns added, for three-yeai o'ds; colts $ st. 10 lbs., fillies 8 st. 5 lbs.; penalties and allowances; the second received 300 sovereigns, and the third 200 out of the stakes ; New Course (about one mile aud fire furlongs); : 85 subB. -L«rd Dupplin's b e Petrarch, by Lord Clifden out of Laura, by Orlando, 9 st 1 1 lbs (including 6 lbs extra) (Morris) ... 1 Xord FalmouUi's Great Tom, 8 st 8 lt.B (F. Archer) ... ... 2 Hr. T. Gee's b c Julius Cicsar, 8 st 10 lbs (F. Webb) ... ... 3 W. S. Crawfurd's Glacie, 8 at 3 lbs (T. Chuloner) XiOrd RoBeberv's Marquesas, 8 st S lbs (Constable) Mr. EaviUc's i Zee, 8 st 5 lbs (Mmdmcnt) Betting : 6 to 4 v. Julius C.vsar, 2 to 1 v. Petrarch, 5 to 1 v. Great Tom, and. 100 to 15 v. GlaciB. Marquesas cut eut the work slightly in advance of Julius Cassar, Great Tom, Glacis/and Zee, with Petrarch four or five lengths from them until passing the Nurseries, when Marquesas drew himself clear of Julius Caesar and Glacis 'to the foot of the hill, when Zee changed plaoes with Groat Tom, and Petrarch still remained by himself in the rear. They came along at the best speed Marque sas was capable of until entering the old course, when Julius Cajsar deprived him of the lead, with. Zee in inune ?diato attendance, and six furlongs from home ho resigned in quick succession to Petrarch, Great Tom, and Glacis. Ab soon as Marquesas had tailed off, Zee dropped out of the rank, and with Julius Crosar stopping almost to nothing at the briok kilns, Petrarch took up the running on the out side from Great Tom and Glacis, and they rounded the bend a couple of lengths or so in front of the favourite. Glacis was beaten immediately after entering the straight, and Petrarch absolutely played with Great Tom to the distance, whenco he began to tire a little, and hanging to his oppo nent did no more than win with nothing to spare by a length. Fifty yards away JuliuB Ctusar was third, with \- Glacis at his heels, while Marquesas walked in last. Net -value of the stakes, £2776. The Queen's btand Plate, over the T. Y. C, had no flying two-year-old engaged, and Lowlander, with 10 st. 1 lb. in the saddle, won in a common canter from two .moderate youngsters, Tantalus and Laure, who ran a dead heat for second honours. It was satisfactory to have -eighteen runners for the Ascot Stakes, and a better field has sot mustered for (his race for many years. There were a good many fancies, as usual. The favourites, how ever, were sad disappointments, as Harriet Laws is a light, shelly mare, who, though she managed to win last year's Northumberland Plate, is a v« ry mean specimen of a stayer, and was never dangerous in the race; whilst Chancellor, who was perfectly trained, eoon ruined his chanoe by bolt ing for his stables. The finish was an exciting one, and Captain Stirling owed bin \ictory rather to the vigorous Tiding of Newhouse, as Cheater-man was too exhausted to do full justice to Bersaglier. The old horses wer» never formidable. The Ascot Stakes of 25 sovereigns each, 15 forfeit, and only 6 if declared, with 500 added for the winner, 100 for the second, the third receiving 50 sovereigns out of the tv-stakes ; winners extra ; about 2 mike ; 59 eubs., 31 of whom paid 5 sovereigns each. Captain Stirling's b h Wfcltebait, by Brown Bread— Laura, by Lambton, S years, 7 st 4 lbs (Newhouse) 1 Hr. E. N. Butt's eh c Bersaglier, S years, 5 st 10 lbs (carried 5 st 13 lbs) (Chesterman) ? ... ... 2 Count F. de Lagrange's La Coureuse, 5 years, I st 6 lbs (Glover) ... ... ... ... ... 3 \- Sir J. D. Astlcy's Scamp, 5 years, 8 st I lbs (Morris) Mr. Marque's Prodigal, aged, 8 st 4 lbs (Clement) Savile's Lilian, aged, 8 st 3 lbs (Maidment) F Grctton's Fageant, 9 years, 8 st 1 lbs (P. Archer) W. Thorold's Conseil, 6 years, 7 st 1 Ib (including 7 lbs extra) (M'Bonald) Northern's b gClearwell, aped, 6 st IS lbs (Fagan) Johnstonc's Escort, 4 fears, G st 10 lbs (earned 6 fit 12 lbs) (Thompson) B. Gilpin's Follow Me, aged, 6 st 7 lbs (carried 6 st 8 lbs) (C. Archer) II. £. Beddinfrton's Chancellor, 4 years, 6 st (Wcedon) T Eolmcs'6 Harriet Laws, 4 years, i st 12 lbs Morgan) J. H. Houldgirorta's. b c Corcggio, 3 years, 5 st IS lbs (F. Jeffcry) T. H. Fleet's br c Henpist, 3 years, 5 st II lbs (Cotter) Lord LonEdale's Julia Peachutn, 5 rears, 6 st 10 lbs (carried 5 st IS lbs (J. Jarvis) fiir J. D. Astley's Hopbloom, t years, 5 st 7 lbs (Hopkins) Mr. F. Pryor's ch c by Friponnier out of Troublesome, 3 years, 5 st T lbi (Barnard) Bettng: 100 to 30 v. Harriet Laws, 4 to 1 v. Chancellor 7 to 1 v. Pageant, 8 to 1 v. Oonseil, 10 to 1 v. Hengist, 100 to 8 each v. Lilian and Hopbloom, 10B to 7 each v. Scamp, 'Whitebait, and Bersaglier, 20 to 1 v. Correggio. 33 to 1 oach.v.L* Coureuse, GlearweU, Escort, and Follow He, ?nd 50 to 1 v. Prodigal Hengist took up the running, fol lowed by Correggio, Chancellor, ClearwelL, and Conseil, with Julia Peachum and Escort at the head of the ruck, wheh was whipped in by La Coureuse, Pageant, and Prodigal to the top turn, where the strength of thepaoedid not permit of Hengist getting round the corner. Neither \- did Hopbloom, Escort, Corregio, ner Chancellor, and as the rider of Hopbloom broke his stirrup leather, he lost his seat, wi:hout,lM)wever,suBtMning -any injury. Cleat-well went -«i to the Swinley starting post, where Lilian assumed the command, and continued to hold her own into tbe old rouse. The favourite died out at the brick kilns, and ? Conseil then drawing up to the heels of Lilian, they were followed round -tiie bend 'by Whitebait, BersgVer aud fageant, who here got rid of Scamp, while La Coureose, and Follow Me were persevering at She head of the ruck. As soon as they had entered the straight Lilian and Coaseil commenced to hang out signals of distress, and Whitebait was left in front for a few stride* a quarter of a mile from home, whtn Berfiaglier took up the running from him -n the outside. Although Pageant here obtained an oj^aing, it was of no avail to him, and the race becoming a match the - hi es-y ear-old had much the be -t of it to the centre of the Royal enclosure, whence Whitebait won him down, and won by half a length. On sufferance La Ccureuss was a bad third, vritfi F .11 jw Me fourth, Con fell fifth, Pageant sixth, the Troublesome coit ?aventh, Clearwell eiphth. Scamp ninth, Prodigal teu(h. and Lilian eleventh, Harriet Laws and Juli* Peachum walking heme in the crowd. Net value of the stake*, £1205. The Nineteenth Bi-nnial brought out a dark youngster of Blair Atbol's stock in Bob Bxjy, vhi beat tho Busjm Woodcole Stikes victor. Chevron, without difficulty by a length, and 6howcd himself the best two-year-old yet seen out. The Twenty-second Triennial for four-year-olds resulted in a match, wherein Prince Solrykoff s New Hol land beat Mr. Savile's uncertain Earl of Dartrey by two lengths, and this race closed a grand day's f port. The Ascot Wednesday is generally styled the 'off-diy,' but this title is not corroborated by fact. Of late years, it having become the fashion for the world at large to visit the Royal Heath on Tuesday and Thursday, the stafo day*, a strong coterie of the upper ten thousand determined to patronize the Hunt Cup Day, and the result ha-j been to render the Wednesday the most aristocratic day of the four, as well as the most enjoyable. On this occasion we were unusually fortunate, as a match for 1000 sovereigns between the Lincoln Handicap winner, Controversy, and Lowlander was pending, aud a glance round the lawn was sufficient to show that my Lord Hugh and my Lady Ethel were vastly interested therein. It has not been the fashion of late for the 'air sex to don costumes displaying their father's, husband's, or brother's racing colours, but Wednesday was quite an exceptional day. The ' primrose and rose ' of Lord Rofebery were conspicuous in many a bonnet and scarf, and it was evident that there wonld be much dismay in h;gh life if the public's fancy, Lowlander, were to win. The Coronation Stakes, for three year-old fillies, was won by Lord Wilton's Footstep, and then came the match. Lowlander's easy win over the T.'V.C the previous day made him a strong favourite, but he was ont of his distance, and l'- lbs. was too much weight to give away for the year, as the Admiral and most old judges declared emphatically. Match LOGO sovereigns, 200 forfeit; Ascot Plato Course; ljmile. Lord Boseberv's Controversy, fey Lambton or The Miner— Lady Caroline, S years, 7 at 12 lbs (Constable)... . ... 1 Mr. II. Bird's Lowlander, 6 years, 9 st (Custance) ... ... 2 Betting : 11 to 8 on Lowlander. Controversy cut out the work at the best pace he was capable of, and led by four or five lengths to the brick kilns, whore Lowlander reduced the pap to a couple, and was pulling Custance out of the saddle at the bend. A f ter entering the straight, the old horse improvt d his position a little more, and when Con stable turned round to take stock of him, be was still going so strong that odds were offered on him ; but he hnd scarcely reached Controversy's quarters, about fifty yards inside the black board, than he tried to hang into his heels, and having run himself clean out the odds were upset by two lengths; the winner having been on high pressure throughout Five flyers conte ted the Fwnbjll Stakes (5 furlongs), and Brigg Boy was made favourite, us Epringfield, one of last autumn's orack two-year-olds, had not been out this season, and moreover had cut himself in a collision with a cab on his way to the oourse. Th? two- year-olds, Ros bach and Bruce, 7 st. 2 lbs. each, and Kaleidoscope were the other runners. Fpringtield, however, was none the worse for his accident, and won in a canter from the two youngsters by four lengths, with the favourite the absolute last. The Hunt Cup is generally won either by a very hot favourite or a very rank outsider ; this year the latter was the victor. There had been the usual number of ' morals ' put about before the day, the latest of a!l being a three year-old filly of Lord Hosebery'a, of which absolutely nothing was known by any one. The winner, however, turned up in Hopbloom, who came to griof in the stakes the previous day, and so put his backers in the holo that they durst not trust him for the Scurry. He got off fairly well, and soon showed his pace, but the old horses, Dalham and Thorn, ran a capital race, and showed that their form had by no means deteriorated. The Royal Hunt Cup, a piece of plate value 300 sove reigns, with 150 to the second, and 50 to the taird, added to a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each, for all ages ; winners extra ; New Mile ; S3 subs. Bir J. D. Ashley's b 0 Hopbloom, by Parmesan out oj Cogni saunce, 8 years, 6 st (Hopkins) ... ... .. 1 Duke of Westminster's Dalham, 5 years, 8 st 8 lbs (?. Webb) 2 Mr R. N. Batt's Thom, fi years, 9st 4 lbs (J. Osborne) ... $ A. BalUzti's b c Cccruleus, 4 years, 8 st 1 ! lbs iSdaidmcnt) Trentham's Gunner, 5 years, 8 st 7 lbs (C. Wood] H. Bird's The Ghost, 4 years, 8 st 6 lbs (Parry) Lord Fitzwilliam'e Breechloader, 4 years, 8 st 5 lbs (T. Chaloner) Lord Hartington's Chaplet, 4 years, 8 st 2 lbs (H. Jeffrey) Mr. T. Jennings's EcoEsais, 5 years, 7 st 13 lbs (Mordan) G. E. Paget's Chieftain, S years, 1 st 6 lbs (Glover) H. Jenkins's Kiliiecrankie, 4 years, 7 6t 6 lbs (Wcedon) Jollifie's The Mandarin, 4 years, 7 st 4 lbs (Newhouse) A. BaltaEirf's b c Hcsper, » years, 7 st 4 lbs (Thompson) Mrs. Druitt's Sensation, 3 years, 6 st 13 lbs (C. Archer) Sir F. Johnstone'eTovn Crier, 4 years, 6 st 9 lbs (C. Willis) Prince t-atthvany's Cerberus, 3 years, 6 st 7 lbs (Luke) Sir G. Chetwynd's Little Harry, 3 years, 6 st6 lbs (Chestennan) Lord Ailesbury's Hellenist, 3 years, 6 st 4 lbs ( J. Macdonald) Mr. T. Hughes's Britain's Queen, 3 years, 5 st 12 lbs (fry) Lord Bowne's Ambergris, 3 years, 5 st 10 lbs, carried 5 st 11 lbs (F. Geoffrey) Kosebery's Spinoza, 3 years, 5 st 10 lbs (Morgan) Mr. W. Brophy's Turquoise, 3 j'ears, 5 st 9 lbs tMiley) Betting: S to 1 v. Spinoza, 6 to 1 v. Little Harry, 8 to 1 v. Hesper, 9 to 1 v. Ambergris, 10 to i v. CoeruleuB, 100 to 9 v. Ecoscais, 100 to 8 r. Town Crier, 100 to 6 each v. Dal ham and Chieftain, 20 to 1 v. Hellenist, 25 to 1 each v. Thom, Gunner, Mandarin, Sensation, and Hopbloom, 33 to 1 each v. The Ghost and Chaplet, aud 50 to 1 v. Tur quoise. Spinoza, Kiliiecrankie, and Hesper jumped off in front on the left, and were immediately attended by Chaplet, Cer berus, The Ghost, Hellenist, and Cucruleus on the right of them a few lengths before Thorn, while the pro minent ones in the centre were Hopbloom, Little Harry, and Town Crier. Sensation broke a blood vessel soon after starting, and figured a long way in tbe rear descending the hill. Some of the light weights were early in trouble, and alth-.m;h Spinoza managed to keep her head in front to the half-mile post, she then hung out sigrals of distress, and Hopbloom took up tho running over the road from Hesper. At the same time with the decline of Ghobt and Hellenist, Thorn joined Chaplet and Cerberus on the far side, and before reaching the foot of the hill Dalham and Mandarin were on terms with Little Hany, Ecossais, and Town Crier, which trio were never comfortable from that point. Nor did Hesper figure in the race afterwards, and although from the distance Dalham and Thorn singled themselves out in pursuit of Hopbloom, with Mandarin at their heels, the three-year-old managed to hold his own to the end, and won by three parts of a length from Dalham, vho in turn deprived the top weight of second place by a head. About half a length from Thom came Mandarin fourth, with Little Harry a moderate fifth, Chaplet sixth, Hellenist seventh, Town Crier eighth, Hesper ninth, Gunner tenth, Spinoza eleventh, and Amber gris twelfth, Hesper being last of all, except the dismounted Sensation. Value of the stakes and cup, £1130. Time, 1 minute 52 seconds. The Eighteenth Biennial for three-year-olds over the Old Mile resulted in a fearful disaster to the backere. Petrarch, Coltness, King Death, and Bay Wyndham were the runners, and the first named was favourite with odds of 6 to 1 actuilly hud on him, this, it was presumed, being his pet distance. Coltness made the run ning, but, entering the cords, Petrarch ran into second place. However, all np the hill he hung fearfully, and cutting it unmistakably at the finish, Coltness was able to hold his own to the post aud win easily by six lengths from King Death. That Petrarch was either stale, or ill, or unfit to run, was patent to alL Forerunner easily beat Skylark for the Ascot Derby. I should here mention that Peck, feefjre the meeting opened, sold Forerunner and Julius Cassar, second and third in the Derby, for 11,000 guineas, Mr. Thorold taking the former at 6000 guineas, and Mr. Gee the latter, both decidedly dear purchases. But at the time Julias Csosar was looked upon as a good thing for the Prinoe of Wales's Stakes, and Forerunner for he Ascot Cop. Unfortunately neither 'moral ' came oS . The Cud Day at Ascot has become quite a London holi day, and the pleasures of it are not eohtnoei thereby. Ths ?ceno was much the samo as usual, and the crowd as enor mcus. Ihe Boyal Procession was received with the greatest enthusiasm, and the Boyal enclosure presented as brilliant a Epectasle as could be wished. Tne present fashions oblige the fair fex. to display the cont -ur of their forms, and we could imapiDO on' selves looking on many a' tinted Venus with an almost diaphanous covering of lace. There wtre many beautiful forms and many lovely faces, axd the ioiltlies were as ravissantei as ever. Well might Sir Salar Jung ga/.a admiringly, and the bronze beiuties of the East must h ive beon banished far from his thoughts. The weatner wnuld have been improved by a little more sunlight, and the- dust was a trifle trying, but these were minor evils. The All -aged Stakes of 25 sovereigns each, with 200 added, over the T. Y. C, resulted in a match, wherein Lowlander, 6 years, 10 st ,beat B igg Boy, 3 years, 9 Bt., in a canter by five lengths. The Cup came nest, and the 1 arade of the half-do/.en runners was watched with the Usual interest. Forerunner's Derbv running: made him a pocd favourite, but Apology and Craig M.llir, the St. Leger winners of 187* and 1875, met with good support from those who remembered 'now good a three-year- old must be to win over this course. Perhaps the public were on the North-country mare rather than the favourite. At any rate, she soon showed her superiority, and though Craig Millar etucK to her quarters up the straight, she won cleverly by half a length quite in her old form, Forerunner appearing to want stamina. The Gold Cup, value 500 sovereigns, with 200 for the ?eoond, and 100 for the third, added to a subscription of 20 sovereigns each; three-year-olds 7 st. 5 lbs., four 8 Bt 10 lbs., five 9 st. 3 lbs., ax and aged 9 st. 5 lbs. ; mares and geldings allowed 3 lbs. ; about 21 miles ; 21 subs. Mr. Scabrook's ch m Apology, by Adventurer out of Mandra gora, 5 rears, 9 et (J. Osborne) ... ... ... 1 i w'. S. Crawturd'8 Craig Millar, 4 years, S st 10 lbs (T. : Chaloner) ? ... ... ? 2 ; W. Thoroid's Forerunner, 3 years, 7 st 5 lbs (J. Mac I donald) ... .. ... ... ... ... 3 H. Bird's Talisman (late Figaro II.), S years, 9 st S los (distance) H. Bird's The Ghost, 4 years, 8 st 10 Ib3 (Parry) Prince Soltykoff's Balfe, 4 years, 8 6t 10 lbs (Cannon) ' Betting : 15 to 8 v. Forerunner, 5 to 2 v. Apology, 7 (0 I 2 v. Craig Millar, and 5 to 1 v. Talisman. ! The Ghost, who was started to serve Talisman, made ; steady running in front of Apology, Talisman, and Craig I Millar to tbe stand, where the pace became a 'cracker,' and The Ghost had increased his lead to a dozen lengths at the top turn. In the meanwhile Apology was going; on half as far before Talisman, with Fore .Tinner, Craig Millar, and 1 Balfe in Indian, tile at equally wide intervals, until passing the Nurseries, when The Ghost began to slacken. There upon Apology was taken to tho head of affairs, and being more closely attended by Talisman than before, Forerunner ' also passed The Ghost in the Swinley Bottom, aud to ! dicpoee of him here he pulled up when headed also by Craig I Millar between the entrance to the old course and the brick ' kilns. Previcuely to this Forerunner had been rapidly ! overhauling the two leader/?, and five furlongs from home , Talisman was at the quarters of Apology, with the favourite j at his hetls. But after an ' easy' Apology came round the j bend in clear command again, and retained it into the straight, when Forerunner took second place on the outside, I and Craig Millar ' came' between Talisn.aa and the three year-old. Balfe aleo got within a couple of lengths of Apology half-way up the straight, but soon dropped back again with Talisman, and Craig Millar getting the best of ; Forerunner at the distance, he at once challenged Apology, i who, however, held her own to the end, and won easily by 1 three-parts of a length, three lengths separating second and 1 Ihird. Talisman was a bad fourth, and Balfe fifth, with I The Ghost walking in. Time of the race, 4 minutes 45 seconds. Racing cups are of course prized far more on account of the honour of winning them than for their intrinsic value, '? and the sale of the Marquis of Hastings's trophies showed ! clearly that a work of art, stated on the race card to be 'of 300 sovereigns,' is not. as a rule, worth more than half that sum to a purchaser. But this year's Gold Cup is a grand trophy, looked at from any and every point of view, and Mr. Feabrook may well be proud of it. It is a gold vase in Italian style, and was manufactured by Messrs. Garrard to symbolize the events of the reign of Edward III. The sides ere adorned by two superb reliefs, representing the battle* , of Creoy and Poictiers; the handles are emblematic of I Fame and Honour; Edward III. and the Black Prince, \- Queen Philippa and the Countess of Salisbury, are the figures on the vase, and St. George and the Dragon are represented by a group on the lid. j The New Stakes is the greatest of the Ascot two-year-old 1 races ; but, Chevron being scratched, Rob Roy had the state at his mercy, and he won in a canter by three lengths from St. Christophe, Don Carlos, and five others of moderate calibre. The Windsor Handicap, six furlongs, brought out I six of the fastest horses in training, but old Tangible, 6 i years, 7 st. 10 lbs., won in a walk by ten lengths from 1 EcoBsais and Brigg Boy, with Coomassie, The Gunner, and I Prince Arthur beaten ofi. Great Tom. and Glacis ran a dsai ' heat for the St. James's Palace Stakes, and brought a good I day's sport to a cIoeo. j Heavy rain in the night laid the dust and improved the . going for the concluding day. A capital field of twenty ? three contested for the Wokinghara Stakes, which, was worth very nearly £1000, though only a minor event at Ascot. A lot of flyers were running, but the favourite, The Mandarin, by Lozenge out of Vishna, & years, 7 st. 5 lbs., won easily by four lengths from Monarch, with Pearl Drop third. The Ascot Plate, 1? mile, brought out a strong favourite in Controversy ; but 10 st. 13 lbs., though a nice weight in the Liverpool Steeple chase, is rather too much on the fiat, and the Duke of Westminster's Dalham, 5 years, 10 st. 3 lbs., won a grand race by a head from Fair Sauntreaa, 4 years, 8 st. 6 lbs. The Alexandra Plate is over too long a distauco to be a very popular race, but it gave us an exciting finish, Freeman only beating Prince Soltykofi's horse by a neck, Activity being very far from herself on this occision. The Alexandra Plate of 1000 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 25 sovereigns each, 15 forfeit; four-yeir-alds I 8 st., five 9 st. 6 lbs., six and aged 9 st. 7 lbs., with : penalties and allowances; the second received 200 sove re:gne out of the stakes, and the third sived his etake ; about 3 miles ; 17 Eubs. Mr. E. Heneage's ch g Freeman, by;Kettledrum out of Havicot, aged, 9 st 3 lbs (F.Webb) ? I Prince 8oltykoffs New Holland, 4 years, 9 st (Cannon) ... 2 Sir J. D. Astley's Scamp, i years, 9 st C lbs (Custance) . . 3 Mr. H. Bird's Talisman (late Figaro 1I.J.5 years, 9 st 6 lbs (Parry) R. Howctt's Activity, 4 years, 8 st 10 lbs (F. Archer) Betting : 11 to 8 v. Freeman, 5 to 2 v. Talisman, 5 to 1 v. Activity, 7 to 1 v. New Holland, and 8 to 1 v. Scamp. { New Holland made steady running from Scamp, Talisman, and Freeman, with Activity lying off to the stand, whsre Scamp joined New Holland, and then went on with the lesd. He was clear round the hotel turn of Talisman and Freeman, and with plenty of daylight between each of them, New Holland was fourth into the Ssrinley Bottom, where Activity left him in the rear. Entering the old! course Scamp was fifty yards before Talisman, and about ' the same divided the last named from Freeman to the . brick kilns, where Talisman reduced the gap, and the ' favourite, in turn, got within a couple of lengths of him. ; At the comraen ement of the bend New Holland repassed ! Activity, and with Talisman also creeping up to Scamp, he ( drew level n the straight, and had a nesk the best of it for I a few strides. He then tired to nothing, and Freeman, j having taken his place, was easily disposing of Scamp I until approaching the Boyal enclosure, waen New Holland i ?hallenged on the left, and Webb had to sit down in earnest to dispose of him by a head ; a length aud a-half separating second and third. Activity cantered in a bad fourth, and Talisman walked by the post last. The Twenty-third Triennial brought the meeting to a close in somewhat a melancholy fashion, fo- Petrarch, favourite at 7 to 4 on him, could scarcely gallop a yard, and was beaten with the utmost ease by each moderate horses as Morning Star and Correggio. Where is Lord Dupplin's judgment? To see a good horse so needlessly pained and disgraced quite saddened our return journey to town. But the dose of Ascot never fails to bring & few bitter reflections. The season of yearling sales, well inaugurated at Eltham as described in my last article, was but poorly continued the following Saturday at Hampton Court, when the Boyal yearlings -were brought to the hammer. The venue is not at all well suited to the rearing of thoroughbred sto^k, and the rack htrbage is decidedly against yearlings being bnwghtup in good condition. Things get worse and worse at the Royal stud, and it is high time that either now7 ? and mere funds were found, or the uadartakine \ ''*'«» Only one youngster fetched more than 200 euinSi. . ^ UP Mentmore out of Deralice, which John Day bom^? t b* guineas. The fifteen lots said for 15 JO guineas ?X 8Stt average of lOi guineas only, which ie not a p iVi'n» T,h S aft Very differeu was the scene at the Stud Conininv'. T' at Cobham. Surrey, ihs following we«k, UQ / th; );*** yearling sale there showed no decrease in th- a~i.» '?? attendance invariably associated for ina^y t-uv ? Eltham sales under the old regime. Piicas ruM h-Wii last year, lut then nil the great favourites ' at Asc t 1 % won their races, whereas tho reverse was the rule on tv occasion. Besidis, the stud has suffered durin r th.- winter from the s.oarge of strangles, to which no' lea' th ' eight yearlings feuccumbed. including one of the veiv hfJ of the whole team, an own brother to R;b Biv th° w\ two-year-old we have seen out this Reason. Ho'wever th company pays 10 percent,, and, as Mr. Tattersall remarks in the course of his opening address, this aW ? that it is a better investment than mnt businesses in tho city. The forty-oue youno^t» fetched 14,810 guineas, averaging: 3G1 ^in.'™ ahead. Six Blair Athols averaged 821 guineas anil f Scottish Chiefs 705 guineas. Tho ciaoks of the' s:ile w*m a chestnut colt (brother to Ladylove) by Blair Athol oui of Vergiss-mein-nicht, Mr. Gerard, 2300 guineas ? chestnut colt, by Blair Athol out of Madamo' E^hntino (The Palmer's and Bosicrucian's dam), Mr. Bianten M5u guineas ; a bay filly (sister to Highland Fling;, by Suotti h Chief out of Masquerade, Colonel Barlow, 1050 guineas But the sensation of the afternoon was brought to a climai when the eight Pierrepoint yearlings, bred by Mr. Cusmb' were offered for sale. A chestnut colt, by Lard Clifdea out of Weatherside.f etched 1000 guineas; bat tho king \ra- yet to come. And he walked into the ring with firm elastic step, and looked round inquiringly, as if tj say ' 'Well, and how much do you think that I am worth?'' The king wag a bay colt by Macaroni, winner of the Derby, oat of The Duchess,* by St. Albans ; and, rather than describe him myself, I will append the description of one of our best critics of racing stock. He Bays that there is not a fault to be found with him either in conformation, symmetry or 1 appearance, and a handsomer yearling was never secn'i'n a paddock. In colour he is a bay, and shows quality all over as well as being of good size, though not in the least ovar-' grown. If ever a colt seemed destined to be a big winner this is the one, and Tjm Brown, who offered 1000 (guineas for him as a start, exclaimed when tho hammer felL ' He's worth his weight in gold.' Mr. John stone offered 1500 guineas ; Robert Peck, 2000 ; and then the two joined issue in hundreds till from 2700 guineas Peck jumped to 3000 guineas. Bids o£ a hundred guineas each followed brisVly till Mr. Johnstone called '* Four thousand guineas.' ' Four thousand one hundred/1 added Peck without a moment's pause, and Pretender's owner gave in, the- hammer faUing amidst prolonged applause, the Marchioness of Hastings and the Countess of Westmoreland seeming as delighted as any one present. Four thousand one hundred guineas for a colt fifteen months old .' What would our ancestors' have said to this ? The pi ice exceeds by 1600 guineas the highest pries ever previously given for a yearling, Angus, bought by the Duke of Hamilton at Middle Park, bavicg fetched 2500 guineas. Let us hope that he will reward enterprise and win the Derby of 1878. Such a sensational day fittingly closed the Ascot week. As the grandest race meeting in the world, I have given precedence to Ascot over ths premier race meeting of France; but I muet not pass over the race for the Grand Prix, decided as usual on Longchamps ten days after our Derby. There was a large exodus of English turfites, who returned highly pleased with their visit to the mist attractive of modern citieB and with the vic tory of Kisber, which latter, it is satisfactory to re-mark, was well received by the French. Engl:sh horses have now won seven Grand Prix, and French sis. The Grand Prize of Paris of 4000 sovereigns, for tliree yeai-'Old colts and fillies, added to a sweepstakes of 40 sovereigns each, 24 forfeit ; stcond received 400 sovereigns, and third 200 sovereigns out of the stakes ; colts, 8 st. 9 lbs. ; fillies, 8 st. 6 lbs. ; about 1 mile 7 furlongs. 2-'yl subs., 203 of whom pay 4 sovereigns, and 32 20 sovereigns each. 111-. A. Biiltazzi's b c Kisber, by Buccaneer— Mineral, 8 st 9 lbs (Maidment) ... ... ... ... ... 1 M. Lupin'fsb i Enguerrande, by Vermout— DeUanc, 8 st 6 lbs (Hudson) ... ... ... ... ... 2 Fould's ch f Mondatne, by Vertugadin— La Magicienne, 8 Bt. 6 lbs. (Hunter) ... ... ? 3 M. Aumont's b t Basquinc. by Ray Bias— GLaudine, 8 st 4 lbs iCarratt) Duke of Hamilton's b c Wild Tommy, 8 st 9 lbs (distance) Count de Lagrange's b c Bijou, 8 st 9 lbs (Glover) SI. Moreau Chaslou's br c Asliintce, 8 et S Ids (T. Chaloner) Baron Rothschild's ch c Kilt, 8 st 9 lbs (T. Cannon) Count de Lagrange's ch f Camclia, 8 et 6 lbs ( Morris) Count de Lagrange's ch c Braconnier, 8 Et 9 lbs (Carver) M. Fould's b c Soussarin, 8 st 9 lbs (Mills) Betting : 5 to 1 on Kisber, 10 to 1 each v. Kilt and Mon daine, 20 to 1 each v. Enguerrande, Camelia, and Bracon nier, and SO to 1 v. any other. At the first attempt a good start was effected, Soussarin going ofi in front, followed by Eisber, Bijou, and Ashantee, the re&r; being closed up by Wild Tommy and Camelia. At the Windmill the running was Ukon up by Ashantee, Kisber remaining second, and SousEarin dropping back into the third place. No cnango took place for the first mile, but as they turned the bead at the top of the hill near the Boulogne gate to make the descent Kisber shot to the front, and before reaching the last corner Ashantee and Soussaiia had dropped away. Turning into the etrafe-ht, Wild Tommy and Kilt headed the French lot behind Kisber, but half way up both were beaten, and Mondaine went on in attendance on the favourite. At the distance Enguerrande headed M. Fould's mare, lut could never get near Kisber, who won very easily by five lengths ; Enguerrande was second, two lengths in front of Mondaine, who just beat Basquine (plioed fourth) by a head only for the third money. Wild Tommy was fifth, followed by Kilt, Camelia, and Ashantee, whilst the last two were Braconnier and Soussarin. Value of the stakes, £5932. Time by Benson's chronograph, 3 minutes 22 secends. The only other race to which. I ncel refer is the North umberland Plate at Newcastle, which attracted the usual enormous crowds of pitmen to the Town Moor. Lord RoEebery followed up hie good luick by winning another big handicap with a horse whom _te bought simply to lead nis Derby candidates. The ?' primrose and rose hoaps' are indeed favoured by fortune. The Northumberland Plate of 500 sovareignSt addel to » handicap sweepstakes of 25 sovereigns each, 10 forfeit, and 6 only if declared; winners extra ; the teoond reseivei 60 .sovereigns out of the stakes; 2 miles; 76 subs., 49 of whom declared. Lord Rosebery's br h The Snail, by Esea— Reveilfcc, 6 years, 7 st 6 lbs (Morbey) ? I Mr. P. Gretton's b p Pageant, 5 years, 7 st 13 lbs (F. Archer ... £ R. C. Vyner's br h Orgtnist, 5 years, 7 st 12 los (Griffiths) * J. Snarry's Lily Apnee, 5 years, 8 st 12 lbs (J. Snowdcn) Bowes's Polonaise, 6 years, 7 6t 7 lbs (Dodge) P. Lucas's Agglethorpe, 5 years, 7 6fc i lbs (car. 7 et 5 los (G. Cooke) J. Chapman's Owton, 5 years, 7 st 2 lbs (Thompson R. Chilton's Lambtoninn, 3 years, 6 st4 lbs (J. Macdanalaj Lord Zetland's Margarita, 3 yeais, 6 st 4 lbs (Collins) Mr. T. Melville's Stamfordhain, 4 years, 6 st (Cutler) C. Gardner's St. Cuthbert, 3 years, 5 8t 13 lbs (car. C etj (Morgan) , . H. E. Wilkinson's br f Antipodes, by Y. Melbourne— Aunt Sofer, 3 years, 5 st 9 lbs (Howey) H. Hall's Tentergate, 3 years, 6 ft 8 lbs (Lomas) Betting : 4 to 1 v. The Snail, 6 to 1 each v. Pageant »n* Organist, 8 to 1 v. Polonaise, 14 to 1 v. Lily Agnes, 16 to » v. Agglcthcrpe, Owton,and Lambtonian, and 20 to 1 v. any other. When the flag fell Owton was quickest away, out m was closely followedby Margaritatothestand, wherettelatt* assumed the command. Entering the cutting AggletnorpB became ttie follower of Margarita and Owton, of whom tax. Chapman's horse resumed the command as the lot went oni. of view. In the succeeding quarter of a mile I-aI1Jb™1n:r, had drawn up to the leaders, of whom Owton still held *m command. As they neared the Asylum turn Margan* and Owton again changed places, Stamfordham, OrS^ff St. Cuthbert, The Snail, and Pageant going on next w» three-parts of a mile from home. Here Owton was dona with, and he rapidlv dropped back into the company 01 Tentergate and Lady Agnes, while Organist came on » front of Stamfordham, The SnaiL Margarita^and 1* Cu&bert; to the bend into the straight, where The Sn»ji drew np, and soon headed Organist, who was in trouDw three furlongs from the end. Mr. Vyner's horse M*6?* struggled gamely on for another hundred 7*™^,^ te Pageant took second, place, and below the distance oeg» ? ~~r^be Snail, but Morbey roused Lord Rosebery s ^ AfSvided £oond and third; StCuthbert, who ftn» ^'^T.rth was about a length in rear of Organist ^^Ttf^i ^nutes 39 seconds. Yalue o£ the ]£-* ? \- m«i hare been very busy of late. The week Ro?lDSrt,TEi.:on*bip race, which I have described F^'^arTie article, witnessed two matches between » * f^m of lhames and Tyne, in the first of which ^taaecuUersoi^ ^.^ ^ in the second Higgins Thorns* e «f l J , ^ 8imi]ar fashion, both races being from disposed _ oi . ' . £10Q a 8ide# It would goem from Putref to Mo™a defeated Tynesiflers that the long ?ti»e f0.rm £rke of Chambers and Renforth, which bo often 'draS£|Cfhfl discomfiture of eouthern rivals, has given place flgusea i£ . k t wbich may ' pay ' over a mile course, but to '^jSfiistuiee. The Thames is holding its own *'£ We now, and Higgins has shown such gooa form *? \ £ ^already looked upon as the future champion. An ^^HnnaUour-oa^d race between the Frankfort and 311 ? r Towing Clubs came off from Putney to Mortlake ^SSh-d resulted in as easy a victory for the Lon ^ ™ m they achieved over the American Atalanta four f* ' &g0; The Frankfort men were anxious to row rV£nlev but tbeie all the races are for coxswa'nless ?l a Wild abroad this fashion has not yet Sod so they ctallenged the L. R. C, and HZ ^ promptly accommodated with a match. They a very light crew, and rowed in a boat built by S*rle and fitted with the old fixed seats. A week's prao 2«T nver the course enabled oritica to judge of their form, ™l they were so little fanoied that 20 to 1 was laid on the JJmdoners at the start, and there were not more than iw»n 20000 to 25,000 people on the banks along the four iXaialf miles of river. The Germans started at 32 «trokes a minute, London rowing 40 ; bnfc directly the two Sewe settled down.to their work the Londoners began to Jniir ahead, the contrast between the style of the two boats JLLr very marked, the Englishmen rowing a lively stroke, JriuTgt the Germans' ponderous, slow stroke gave them the aoDearance of pulling a ship's cutter at sea. They got much too far back at the end of the stroke, and feathered so low that each oar caught the back water. London had hy no means so good a crew as that which discomfited the Atalantas, but their representatives held the trump card -throughout. They led by a length at the Crab Tree, by two leagths at the SoaDWorks, shot Hammersmith Bridge three lengths in front, and won by half a dozen lengths with the greatest ease in 22 minutes 23 seconds on a very fair tide. The Londoners, however, were muoh inconvenienced by having to carry a coxswain, which style of rowing in fours lias now been quite superseded. The following are the names and weights of the orews: — LONDON. st. lbs. at lbs. 1 C. H. Warren .. 11 2 3. S. Le B. Smith 11 2 2 F. L. Playfair. .12 0 F. S. Gulston (stroke) .. 11 10 T. Weaton (coxswain), 8 st. 12 lbs., carried 9 st. 5 lbs. FRANKFORT. st. lbs. st. lbs 1\. T. Ludwig . . 10 3 3. V. Pfluger . . 9 5 3\. A. Bauteo ..10 8 A. Wild (stroke) 11 12 C. Elz vooxswain), 8 st 12 lbs. In order to compensate for the ligh+i? ess of their crow, 'the Germans requested the Londoners *j carry 7 lbs. dead weight, and this was accordingly done. Henley Regatta, tho most famous of all brought off on -.English waters, pioved a great success, thanks to the ex cellent entries and brilliant summer weather. The Grand Challenge Cup for eights was won by the Thames Rowing Club, who beat Jesus College, Cambridge, and an amalga mated University crew from Oxford, after a tremendous race, by a length. The London Bowing Club (S. Le B. Smith and F. S. Gulbton) won the 6ilver goblets for pair oars, nnd F. L. Playford, another Londoner, carried off the Diamond Sculls. The Ladies' Challenge Plate for eights was won by the Jesue College crew, which comprised four of the University crew which beat Oxford at is aster. The Oxford' University four won the Visitors' Challenge Cup. The scene down the course was as gay, and the attend ance as aristocratic, as ever. We are now in the height of the cricket season, and, \- thanks to the dry weather, scoring has been proceeding on an increasirg scale. In county contests, Yorkshire has beaten Lancashire, but would have suffered a defeat from Notts had the match been played, Shrewsbury scoring 118 and Daft 81 for the latter- team. Middlesex has beaten Surry, Mr. C. J. Ottaway, late captain of the Oxford Eleven, scoring 112. Kent has succumbed to Derbyshire and Lancashire, and Gloucestershire has begun her seas n well by victories over Surrey and Sussex, Mr. W. G. Graue mating 101 at Brighton. The doings of the University Elevens in London before their annual match led people to look forward to a very even contest, though, owing to Oxford making the highest score ever put together in a first-class match when they played Middlesex at Piince's, they were perhaps a little better tkan the Light Blues. The following is the score alluded to : — Middlesex. First Innings. Second Innings. ?C. J. Ottaway, b Heath ? 19 I. D. Walker, c Webb b Royle ? 110 C. I. Thornton, c and b Heath ? 14 c and b Heath ? 79 C. E. Green, b Dury ? 3 b Durr ? 43 A. A. Nepear, b Buckland ? 11 notout ? 11 M. Turner, b Heath ? 82 c Briggs, b Dury ? 7 H.Bo6s,b Tylecote ? 35 c and b Buckland ? 1 BurgbeB, c Game, b Buckland ? 104 C. E. CottreU, c and b Game ? 23 notout ? 28 E. Butter, net out ? 17 K. Henderson, b Buckland . O Byes 8, 1-b 11, w 2 ? 81 Leg-byes ? 2 Total ? 439 Total ? 166 Oxford University. — First Innings. A. J. Webbe, c Cottrell, b W. H. Game, c Walker, b Henderson ? 98 Cottrell ? 141 D. Campbell, c Henderson, b F. M. Buckland, b Rutter 22 Rutter ? 24 V. Royle, not out... _ ? 67 A. H. Heath, o Turner, b C. P. Lewis, c Turner, b Henderson ? 71 Rutter ? 24 T. 8. Dury, c Cottrell, b H. G.Tylecote, st Turner, b Henderson ? 14 Walker ? 28 B.Brigss, c Cottrell, b Green 71 Byes 30, 1-b 12, w 2... 44 A, W.Pearson, bHenderson 10 — Total' ? 612 The University match at Lord's waB witnessed by just 30,000 spectators, and fine weather prevailed throughout. Cambridge alone had any bowling talent, and consequently won. Mr. Webbe, the crack Oxford batsman, failed to dis xingmah himself . Messrs. Lucas and Lyttelton played fine hitting innings for the victors, and Messrs. Paterson and -*ame each got into three figures, the former playing in fine form, and the latter hitting very brilliancy, Cambridge ?won by nine wickete at 1 p.m. on Wednesday, Oxford. . First Innings. Second Innings. a. » . Webbe, c. Shaw, b Luddington 1 c Greenfield b Patter F. M. Buckland, c A. Lyttelton, b 'ttereon ? 32 c and b Luddington... ft A- J- Heath, b Luddinftton ? 0 b Luddington ? O T. 8. Dury, c A. Lyttelton, b Lud »d»1fto«i ? 7 bLudaington ? .'.25 K.Bnggs, b Luddington ? 41 bAUsopp ? 32 A. Pearson, b Patterson ? 0 bLuddington ? -4 w.H. Game, c Shaw, b Luddington 4 1 b w, b Greenfield ...109 O. Campbell, c Newton, b Patterson fi b Greenfield ? 43 V. Boyle, c A. Lyttelton, b Patter «^V-v ? « notout ? 11 *-? P. Leww, c Greenfield, b c Greenfield, b Patter WS«J -v ? 15 son ? 1 «? G.Tyleeote.notout ? 0 bGreenfield ? O Byesa.Lba- ? 4 Byes5,l-b3,w2,nbl 11 Total ? us Total ? .862 Cambridge. *- r _ First Innings. Second Innines. F.J. Greenfield, b Lewis ? 1 ^^ W iii i0*8' c Cwnpbell, b Royle ../67 not out ? S3 5-Bl^«-.b Lewis .....'. ? .f. ? o notout ? 0 n'^SteeltC and b Royle ? .... 34 IwT ^y^ton, b Briggs. b WgSw- ? 43 runout ? 47 H*w,ir«rsoii ? o 8cftpVl BuekUnd ? 31 »? **? aewton, b Pearson 7 ^ifdaingtoii, b Lewis'.;;;.';;,;. 6 «yes4,l-b5,wl ? .10 ryes 4, 1-b 1, W 1 6 Total ?? ? .8W Total' ? 76 The Geni'eraen and Players' matches aieuow progressing. At the Oval Messrs. W. G. Grace and Peon p'ayed grauil innings, and the Plavers were very proud ?£ Daft's p r foimanees. but the match was drawn much in f avoor of the amateurs' score. Playerh. First Innings. Second Innings. Daft, c Tylecote. b W. g. Grace ... 4S b G. F. Grace ? 61 Loekwood, c Tvlecote. b \V. G. Giaoe ? .'. ? 13 I b w, b Ridley ? 17 Jupp, st Tylccotc, b Hadow ? 17 c W. G. Grace, b G. F. Grace ? 32 Barlow, c Walker, b G. Grace ? 27 c G. F. Grace, b W. G. Grae« ? 35 Greenwood, c Harris, b W. G. c Webbe, b W. G. Grace ? 0 Grace ? 9 Ulyett, c Tylccote. b Hadow ? 48 b G. P. Grace ? 14 Stlby, b W.G.Grace ? 13 c Tylecote, b Ridley 4S Emruett, not out ? 42 c Tylccjte, b W. G. Grace ? 11 Pooley.b W. G. Grace ? 6 st Tylecote, 1) Ridley 20 A. Shaw, c Hornby, b G. F. Grace 14 c W. G. Grace, b Ridley ? 1 Hill, c G. F. Grace, b Ridley ? 6 notout ? 4 £eg-bj- es ? '. ? 3 Eves 4, 1-b 2, w 1 7 237- 257 Gentlemen. First Innings. 'econd Innings. VT. G. Grace, b Fmmett ? 0 c Flill, b Ulyett ? 90 A. P. Lucas, b Hill ? 25 c Pooley, b Shiw ? 18 W. H. Hadow, b Bill ? 16 A. J Webbe, lbw.b Hill ? 5 runout ? 2 A. N. Hornby, c Barlow, b Enimctt 23 b Dlyett ? 35 G. F. Grace, c Greenwood, b Shaw 2f Lord Harris, b Shaw ? 13 A. W. Bidley, b Emmett ? 25 notout ? 20 F. Penn, c and b Hill ? 52 notout ? 27 I. D.Walker, c Hill, b -haw ? 15 E. F. B. Tylecote, not out ? 7 Byes, 16; leg-byes, 6 ? 21 Byes 4, I-b 4, \r 1, 9 Total ? 229 Total ? 201 The Lord's match was played on Monday, Tuesday, and 'Wednesday, and brought out some splendid cricket. Though a trifle weak in bowling, the Gentlemen have never played a stronger eleven. Mr. W. G. Grace's 169, made in three and three-quartor hours without a chance, was as fine a batting display as has ever been witnessed. Mr. Ridley's 103 was alFo splendidly played, and Mr. G. F. Grace hit vety brilliantly. Tho Gentlemen won in a single innings by 98 runs. Gentlemen. — First Innings. W.G. Grace, c Hill, b Shaw 169 G F. Grace, not out ? 68 C. J. Ottaway, c Pooley, b Lord Harris, c Greenwood, Emmett ? 42 b Morley. ? 0 A. J. Webbe, bHill ? 26 W.H. Hadow, b Morley ? 0 A. N. Hornby, e Shaw, b Hon. A. Lyttelton, b Morley 0 Morley ? IS A. Appleby, b Morley.. ? ? 0 A. W. Kidley, c Emmett, b Extras ? 16 Morley ? 103 — F. Penn, b Shaw ? 12 449 Players. First Innings. Second Innings. Daft, c Grace, b Appleby ? 2S notout ? 39 Lockwood, cLyttelton.b Appleby ... 6 b G. F. Gra?e ..i ? 26 Jupp, b Appleby ? .'. ? 31 e Harris, bW.G. Grace 21 Oecroft, b Appleby ? £8 c Lyttelton, b W. G. Grace ? 7 A. Shrewsbury, runout ? ( bff, G. Grace ? 10 Greenwood, c Harris, b Appleby ...28 c Aopleby, b G. F. Grace ..; ? 3 Pooley, c Hornby, b W. G. Grace... 7 c and b W. G. Grace 2 Emmett, not out ? 14 c Lyttelton, b W. G. Grace ? 0 A. Bhaw.c Harris, b Appleby ? 4 c Penn, b W. G. Grace 2 Hill, c Webbe. b W. G. Grace ? 1R bG.F. Grace ? 11 Morley, c Webfce, b W. G. Grace ... 5 run out ? 8 Extras ? 8 Extras ? 8 Total ? 219 Total ? 1S2 The Canadian and Indian La Crosse players have left us, after having played a closing match before the Queen at Windsor. They were well received, amused us, enjoyed themselves, and so made a success of their tDur. In athletic eports, I should mention that Mr. Walter Slade, during the London Athletic Club tour in Ireland, ran the three quickest half- miles on record in one week — first doing 1 minute 59 3-5 seconds, thenl minute 59 1-5 seconds, and finally 1 minute 58 1-5 seconds. He has now made the fastest recorded times at half-a-mile, three-quarters of a mile, one mile, two miles, and four miles. ANGLICANUS. London, July 7. 