fr 'IW Wm^mr^ZZ Uk myniAMfr of tw bfvor.i a&k;^mmr 4hfe case of Stanley^S|ianleyJ»ia»iiS»id.,gTT Mr. Stafford appeared f.ttfjhe petitioner, a wife, who ^petitioned for ft ^j»sojjitipnrfparrl»(«-ou toe etounds ?ot blgi'xj, coupled with adnUery .- The petitioner «nd Tbe next intimation of him was Ijy ivletter received by placed in the bands of t_bsL_petitiouer, ana she ?immediately wrote to,ihe ,writet-of ihej^ter, antL stating ttlA fcHe-#riteri-renSfiea-rJie partriit as a like-9 iiesspf a^pereon whort) .she bad married in ilelbpurnei aad wim ^jroVtii to be the respandent.. Hie proposed *P c»U Mis. Staalej,»nd tliBsecbnd-wife^lBryjjJoBneny, whom the resp'tndea?. had marrjed in Melbourne. Mary Ann Stanley, the petitioner, staled -that sha' wa» married -o the reEpoudent..in St. Paul's Ohurob, Wellington, on tbe 14th nf Jane, 186^; jhe residefl in jWellington with h»r .lusband for six months, until they ivreDtjto Captain Wilson's Btation, at Earigifikei; they livedjfonr moiitha tfeere, nnd for eighteen months after wardBio Wellington; she then jeft him, ou aooount pf . his ill treatment, 'drnu1t&nes8;*ibndlBry habits; she' returned to him t'er-iw-?lve mouths, andagain left him. 'for twelve inoaths for the same reasons, but again lived' with him for two years and a-ualf, when be went to Melbourne ; from Melbourne he * wrote several letter', asking her ^to rejoin him, but ' when he returned -to .Wellington, she. -declined to, do *o, and eubsequently got a Drotcctieh order, in conj sequence of iuformationf-^lie - bad received, she cent to .Mieb Donnelly, ilelboume,'her husband's por trait and some letters received from him. In one letter, received Irom Adelaide, he wrote: -'Remember yon. are my first love, and my wife still. — Perhaps jou are. Mary, -dear, I sometimes think I have.been twice msr ried.' ; The respondent had marks on hie body- a tatoo ringontlie joint of thefhird finger of hifl rig! t hand, a oiOBS on the backof the hand, tu*uchor and chain on the same e.tm,' and tiro flags crossed ou the; other aroU proceediugs ha'dbeen delayed In connequence of the difficulty of finding the Tespondeut, and to procure the presence of Mips Donnelly ; at the time of their mar riage he wf.n b private ia the Coloniul Djfeuce force. .Ellen Jane JDonnelly said she had becu. married to the respondcht«t Melbourne in October, in ?$ 872. Tie was then a. brewer. Sh« was then in -tfio -service of Mr, Birae, solicitor, at BrighteB, Bhewas a fioman Catholic, aud he was, at hV own .wish,. christened in her faith on the morning of her marriage. She left him, after living with him for six weeks, on account of bis ill-treatment and bis lazy habile, he 'wanting her to keep him instead of him keeping her. . He had 'told- her he bad come from Wellington, where he said 'he had been a partner in a brewery. On hearing reports that he hint been married before, she wrote to Mr. Staples, of Welling tin, whose name she found attaohed to one of his certificates of character j After »he senerated from him he remained. in MelbonmeJuune time, and need to annoy her at her brother's house, where she was housekeeper. The certificate of m»rri agoputin was given by the priest directly after she' was married. She was 24 J ears of ege at the^tiine of her marriage. [Witness identified the .portrait, and described the tatoo marks ] . . ; '' .'I John Staples, of Wellington, brewer, deposed that he knew both petitioner aud respondent, the latter having worked for him. The carte-de-visite produced was tbat. of tbo reepoadent. He received the letter put in, from Melbourne, tiud rea-i it to tho respondent, who made no remark a? to its contents. Mr. Stafford put iu as portion of tho evidence a voluminous corree^oudent, addressed by the respsndent to the petitioner aud to Ellen Donnelly, and the mother of the latter. He read extracts from ea^'h. as showins similarity between tbe expressions used. The following was na extract from a letter to lire. Stanley, written from Newcastle: — ? ??? ' Dear Mary,— 1 am going on the sea in a leaky old ship. I leu vu here next week with coals. But I inow that God will .not neglect me on the deep.: Oh, Mary, I huvelost all my clothes, and what am I to do on the ocean. Oh, my dear good wife, pray for me. your hus band. Oh, U:-t'y, my heart is full ot love for you, the only one that ever I loved. Whan I think of you it makes u?e feel eo sad. You will too sadness etaniDCd on my face. My thoughts have been day and night on jou, my good end only love. I will pray to the great God of Heav n to bleFS you,' Bensemncr I have to face Bim ou the deep. There I shall sea His watery works. I will pray to. God to bleas you, imd you will atlc Him to guard me oo the deep, while you are lying riri 5our eoft piilow. Ob, Mary, 1 have put my faUh in Kim that puard? me on the deep. Life Jibs no wretched ntsB i.qnsl to nu ill marriage. It is the 6epulebrB of tbe heart. By the ghost of p»st afftction aud hopes goue for -57er, ms poor Mary, foreive me for going away, to leave jou, my wife, to this world of sin. Eemember thut I am your husband of years. Oh, let us jor the, future live ia happiness and peace, aud in tho fear of . our Mate.' . ??-' In auoUier to Ellen DouDelly, prior to marriage, he : wrote:— 'Hove yuu with all my heart end all Sy soul. I ', iibirjou, could two bo more fond :o enter into iuarriago ' than we etc Icdeed, my own sweet rill™, this must ; bo puro and be&veuly; love that God sent from Heaved. Soou-byc for tie present, tbou good and faithful women. My dear BUen ' jours ever faithful, {o the . end.' At'ter'marriage, he wrote thus:—* I think of you too much. O, this hearb will burst with love Voa j ire tbe only woman I over loved in my whole life. ! hirty years have I kept this hears of love, and it is j bursting to share it witb you May tbe great God of ! Heaven look down upsn you, and k~ep you happy till I '. see yon again EUou, my faith is m God, and all my ; hoj)e is in my good, and faithful, and loving wife. I - must stop this, for it harts me.' ' He writeB at tetwBids . from Atu-kleud, cuJllugberBunplj Ellen, tanley.- 'You say thatlam a married man. Theretiaomegreatmistake. : If I had been married 1 ehoMd not have married you. ; Eemember you have married a irespaotable man. I j ask you to forgive me for lifting tnytband to you' He ?, subsequently wrote to her ftom' Fiji, saying :—' Dear ? wife, fiow often do I tt'inkof you in my midnight slumbers on the etorray sea - do I think of you, and ask God who' rules tbe storms to. protect both you and me. Dear, it is oaths ocean ^hat^you »ee God in His wrath, and then again whenthe *ruel sea is calm, how I wish t had yon by my side,' to ttll yon bow I love you, my young wile * * lam sot married to no wife but you; jouare myiBSt^aifaAy^6^a^,.^ IThe Court r. quired' thBt-W. Stafford eheuld pro ddcetbe evidence, of an fixpert So ibow whether the *econd mnrr iageobntracted tid bgen in abcordanoe with the law of that«qlony. ;iMr. Sls|Eord wieVnable to do fin at ouce, uiid the case was adjoutced. 'V ?-*'* -.'? t ^...... ,; .. 1. 1 ».,-jt,,..., . -?'?' f ' '-- *? - .1 