THE FOLKESTONE RITUAL CASE. We recemtly stated that this case decides against the Ritualists on thirteen counts. The following is the judgment of the Right Hon. Lord Penzance. Many of the leaders of the Protestant feeling of the country were to be seen in the court, with a few clergymen and a good number of laymen. They must have felt thankful to hear point after point dealt with by the judge in a clear common) sense manner, that has been too often absent from ecclesiastical affairs. The decisions were against the respond ent on every point, and he was condemned to pay the costs. The learned judge, in opening, said, that he feared some misconception existed as to the function, powers, and duties of this Court, and some also with regard to the source of its juris diction. His lordship went on to say that the court was really the old Court of Arches with a new judge, and that the old Diocesan Courts were not suppressed. Therefore he had nothing to do with the suggestion that a lay tri bunal had been set up to deal with doctrine as well as ritual. With respect to the case itself, the respondent had admitted eight of th'e charges of which the unlawfulness was not ques tioned ; and it was therefore his duty to admon ish him not to offend again in the same way. As tp the charge of celebrating the Holy Com- munion in the vestments known as the chasuble and alb, the learned judge, after reviewing the judicial decisions on the subject of vestments, and basing his judgment on the decision in " Martin v. Mackonochie," held that Mr. Rids- dale had offended against the law in celebratiug the communion in a chasuble and in an alb, and admonished him to refrain from doing so in future ; and added, " If this decision is wrong, it must be corrected by the Appellate Court." The learned judge then dealt with the charge which relates to the celebration on the 4th July, 1875, at the service commencing at 10'30 of the Holy Communion, when only one person besides the respondent received it. The fact was not denied. The only answer given was that there were 200 to 250 people present, and that the re spondent had reason to believe, and did believe, that a sufficient number of them would com municate with him. Upon a review of the his tory of the Rubrical directions, the conclusions at which he arrived were that the Legislature, ' in both Prayer-books of Edward VI. as well as the book of 1662, contemplated that there would be some method of discriminating be tween those who intended to partake of the Holy Communion and those who did not, and that the custom, however general, of the non- communicants retiring from the Church was not specifically enjoined by any positive direction of the existing rubrics. Respondent must estab lish that he did in l'act believe that they would partake, before he could possibly be in a position to set up any exculpation based on the imperfect state of his own knowledge. This he had failed to do. The rubric had, in his opinion, been violated, and without excuse. It | was, therefore, his duty to admonish the re spondent to obey the rubric in future. As to the lawfulness of the crucifix, and of the paint ings called the Stations of the Cross, it was not intended in the decision of the Court of Appeal by the use of the words " superstitious rever ence," "adoration," or "worship," to convey only the limited idea of a figure or object itself worshipped like a Pagan idol. On the contrary, he understood those expressions as intended to embrace the far more extended conception of worship, adoration, or reverence paid to the Deity in presence of or before those objects or figures. The best forecast of the future in most cases, but especially in those wherein the weak nesses and failings of mankind are concerned, is to be obtained from the experience of the past. And it was to the past that the Court in Ptiil- potts v. Boyd emphatically appealed in justifica tion of the Exeter reredos. In speaking of "painted representations of portions of sacred history, to be found in many of our churches," the Court relied upon the circumstance that these paintings "had been proved by long ex-r perience to be capable of remaining there with out giving occasion to any idolatrous or super stitious practices." Would an appeal to the ex perience of the past, in the case of crucifixes, bring out the Bame result ? — or, rather, it should perhaps be asked, would not the result be the very opposite ? The judge held that it was not absurd to suppose that even educated people would pay superstitious reverence to idols in this day because such people did so in the Church of Rome. Besides that, the poor and ignorant ought to be considered. It was said that painted windows were allowed in our churches, but the Court of Appeal would not hesitate to say they too were unlawful, if it was satisfied from the circumstances that there was danger of idolatry. Upon the whole he must declare that the crucifix surmounting the screen in this case had not been shown to his satisfac tion to have been set up as an architectural decoration only, and that there does exist a danger and a likelihood that it may be the ob ject of "adoration" and "superstitious rever-. ience." This conclusion makes it unnecessary to consider whether its erection was originally . covered by the faculty which was obtained for ' the iron screen, and the Court must now order it to be removed ; but a removal of the figure leaving the cross standing, will be a compliance ' with this order. Although some of the stations might be lawful as decorations, .others had no warrant in gospel history, and he would, there- fore, order their removal, leaving it open to the respondent, if he shall desire it, to apply for a faculty to authorize the introduction into his Church of such of . them as may turn out to be free from objection. In conclusion, the judge observed : I will only add that 1 havs en deavoured in the above conclusions rightly to interpret and apply the decisions of the Appel late Court on this grave subject, in their spirit as well as their letter. I say grave subject, for no one can doubt that the slightest return to the use of graven images or pictures, as an aid to prayer or a spur to devotion, would be justly regarded as a surrender of principles, vindicated at high cost in the Reformation, and dear to the people of this country. On the other hand, it would be a matter of no small concern if any needless restriction or prudery of apprehension should serve to check the generous piety of those who have laboured to restore what the hand of time had defaced ; to undo the work of Puritan excess ; to repair the ravages of neglect; and enhance the outward beauty of the House of God. It is between these alternative evils that the decisions of the Appellate Court appear to me to be designed to occupy a safe position. It may be that, in some cases, the line of sever ance between the "mere, decoration," which is free from harm, and the "superstitious rever ence," which is full of peril, may be difficult to draw or uncertain to maintain. I do not think it is so in this case ; but if I deceive myself in that belief, there remains the obvious reflection that a false step in one direction is likely to be fraught with evils far greater than any that can ensue from -an error committed in the other. If sculptured figures, or pictures, are once set up in our churches, and sustained by the law, to which (whether from the natural tendencies and weaknesses of the human mind on this subject, or from the teachings of books, or the prompt ings of individuals) adoration or superstitious revereuce should, contrary to expectation, come to be paid, an irreparable step towards idolatry may prove to have been taken ; for the outward otfject once sanctioned, the inward devotion is beyond the reach of laws. In the opposite direction I can discern no evil comparable to this. The range of decoration ana artistic design is practically without a limit, and in the profusion of choice, the loss by prfthibition of any special figures or objects can at no time be mora thoa faintly felt, and can at all times be easily repaired. As the judgment of the Couit is, on all the charges, in favour of the complain ants,' the/respondent must pay the cost of these proceedings. 1 Queensland. — It may not be generally known that under the new Education Act and the regu lations issued in connection therewith, special provision is made for residents of any locality obtaining permission to use school buildings for entertainments or other gatherings. The first ' application of the kind has just been made. On Monday last a deputation, comprising the com mittee of the Mudgee Primary School, headed by the member for the district, Mr. J. R. Dick son, waited on the Secretary for Public Instruc tion, and requested him to grant the use of the school room for the purpose of holding a singing class in it weekly. Mr. Griffith expressed him self as. gratified at the action taken by the com mittee in the interest of the young people of the district, and said he should be very glad to grant the request on the necessary formal,,, application being made by Mr. Buchanan, the gentleman desirous of teaching the class. Application in the required form was sent in.--a.,, Courier. Irish National Schools. — At this moment the general body of British taxpayers are lavish ing immense sums annually in maintaining and spreading, not only the Roman Catholic (or rather we should say Popish) doctrines of a former age, but also the new tests of orthodoxy - and the new objects1 of divine worship lately , invented by our ingenious neighbours across the I British Channel. Shocking as the pretended revelations of Maria & la Cozne must be to all simple Christians, the whole British people are now instilliug them into the minds of the rising., Irish generation by means of State paid schools abandoned to the entire centre of the priesthood ' and we are now told in a way not to be mistaken by archbishops and bishops, that unless we do this, and more also, we may expect to find Ire-,, land a difficulty, if not a foe, in any question of national safety or honour. — Times. Missions and Confessions.— The Southamp ton Times says : — The Southampton Lenten Mission bids fair to be illustrated by some ex- , traordinary, if not unprecedented, Ritualistic extravagances. We have before us two pro-, grammes of services — one for St. Lawrence and the other for St. Michael's ; and they are cer tainly of such a character as to inspire amaze ment at the length to which clergymen belong ing to a professedly Protestant Church can carry their mimicry of Rome. The St. Michael's programme is the more extravagant of the two, and shows how strangely extremes and contradictions meet in Ritualistic teaching It is surmounted with a crucifix and the words, " Jesus only," and it goes on to first, second, and third celebrations of the Holy Eucharist— the latter "in special honour of the - Holy Ghost," with matins, meditations, catechizings, instructions, intercessions, and addresses sepa rately to men and women. One announcement, however, from its absolute audacity, deserves.to' be quoted in full. It runs thus: — "The Mission priests will be ready to hear confessions or give spiritual direction after any of the ser- . vices and at other times which they may appoint !" We commend this to the attention of Protestant churchmen and of all who value evangelical truth, and specially invite their judgment upon it. That such practices should be openly indulged in and connived at within the fold of the Established Church is a fact as deplorable as it is significant. It should , be denounced and repudiated with scorn by all who abominate the spiritual tyranny of priest craft and the snares of the confessional, and by. none more so than those who are so deeply com promised by Vit. With such . elements in a mission, advised by Father Benson, it is not surprising that sound Protestant clergymen like the Rev. A. Bradley and the Rev.' J. Bullen hold themselves rigidly aloof. For ourselves we can only wait and wonder " what the end of these things will be " in relation to the Protest antism they dishonour. , Roman Catholic Priests and , Pauper Children. — The Liverpool Post reports , that at the meeting of the Wrexham Board of Guardians on Thursday a warm discussion took, place, resulting from a letter addressed to the Board by the Rev. Canon Lennon, of the Wrexham. Romen Catholic Church, who complained that a girl boarded out to a person at Coedpoeth, and who, he stated, was a Roman Catholic, had been tampered with on the subject of religion; of religion by the foster parent. After receiving the letter the guardian for the district, at the request of the Board, visited the girl's resi dence, and there found that she was very com-' fortable, and, according to the wishes of ; the guardians, attended the same place of worship as her foster parent, and she said she had only been to the Catholic chapel once or twice with- her father, who had deserted her, her mother, when alone, having taken her to the Primitive Methodist chapel. The foster parent added that a Catholic priest and another gentleman had called there and asked to see the girl, and one of them took her out and closed the door after her, refusing to allow her to hear what they told the girl, althbugh she remonstrated with them. The Board, by a majority of thirteen, and after a long discussion, passed a resolution expressing themselves satisfied with the treatment of the girl by her foster parent, and added their opinion that the gentlemen who visited ner on behalf of the Catholic Church were guilty of an unwarrantable impertinence to the foster parent and the Board by their con duct on that occasion, and the Board were determined to prevent any such interference with the children in future. The Eucalyptus 'Globulus has been planted' with some success in various parts of the Roman . Catnpagna, and especially round the monastery of St. Paul Trois Fontoines. It has been found that a decoction made from leaves of the tree is not only a preventative of fever, bat an almost certain cure. It is reported that the Bishop of London re cently went to the Sisterhood at Kilburn, which if we mistake not, is under thechargeof a C.B.S. "priest," and formally received into the Sister hood with laying on of hands and accepting vows of celibacy, Lady Evelyn Moreton, the youngest daughter of the late Earl of Ducie. The Sister hood is said to have gained her ladyship's for tune, £18,000, by this transaction. 