SOFT-MANNERED. : (Queen.) There are three kinds of natures i which take on themselves softnesi of manner Bad gentleness of touch — the. natures with hands of steel, curved, sharp, cruel, woundingj well covered by velvet gloves ; .those with hands-. of bran and pith, wax and putty, mere uuiu- mifes without the power of grip or. holding' in them; and those with hands of honest human fleslrand blood, soft, warm, responsive, yield ing, -bofc with a serviceable framework of bone and muscle beneath, which when required cuu liold its own, and, if yielding on soine oc- otfieis. Tliese arVVireP\e8osv0JI?v'i'nny..ilj.; types of the hand that lies hidden beneath: the velvet glove of smooth appearance "arid " delicate texture — the characters to bo found under the veil of a soft manner and a notice-, ably gentle exterior. . . , . , Of the cruel hands. of. steel .beneath "their velvet gloves history shows us. many exam-, pies, and personal experience adds a few more," Who does not know the quick-witted man of dulcet voice and mild of face/with a flatter-1 ing manner and a gracious bearing ; who says" out ting things in honeyed accents, and whose sircasms, couched in choice English, tind fenoed about with words of prai-e, luy bare your quivering nerves, and gave you us much torture sb the Haying-knife 1 His velvet touch laada you gently on till you are brought to the brink of the conversational abyss, which he has foreseen, and in all . likelihood created for you ; when be hurlsiyou down/to the lowest depths of intelleotuul : absurdity, aud leaves you not a foothold whence you can make good your position; Crafty, olever, sol t; cruel, -lie is the vampire-bat of society, . whose, flattering touch flrstlulls you to secu rity, and whose ruthless fungs'then -wound you to the quick; We all knpvy;him more- oi' less intimately. We have/all .writhed; under those1 8tellLclaws;of :his,:Struok .with such' deadly aim from beneath the velvet pads ; . and we.hiive all wished 'that :we could hive'Lexohaaged those poliBlied blrides for a broad- backed blud geon, ., howeyerbrutsl, if only potent seeing tbat. honesty arid brutality, are . better tbiin hypocrisy, and softness, aud thut an open foe, . howev'er'.formidable, is to' be preferred to an enemy who creeps to the attack linporceived, srid/strikos without warning. But.u man of this stamp would .be nothing if he were , riot soft; -arid hie sarcasms would lose all their point- if -they W8re not delivered in'- elegant. English, with a glazing envelope of insincere praise. ' . , V:'! /i The" woman, tbo, iwho is the double'of , this- mild-mannered, soft-voiced man— the woman, who' has a willowy form arid for the most part ah infantine smile rind a chronically surprised look, .who, Oil Is, you' .f'.dear',' o.ria' short1 ac-- quaintancs,arid iyoo professes 'the, rnost, intense J affsction-dn the 'earlier possible notice— \v hut I a harifl ' of steel she carries beneath her velvet L| With ;the'8kill of an Indian scout she strikes ths'trail'of all your weakri'esses, ail yoursus-: ceptibili ties ; . ,and . she spares you nothing of what sto finds. Her range paBses from ' the smallest to the most, important matters' of your life, and she has' an - equal powor of humiliation and- of .'ruin; She praise's 'your ugliest dress sri' the most becomiog thing you wear, and when you are, looking, your worst declares you are at your /best ; , if you have . a striid'or a' fracture, a bitof -makeshift or of mistake, her busy (lagers pluck it from its de cant. obscurity, and, "perhaps,1 under pretence of encomium, display it as the nsost promi nent part of your'nttire.' She 'tells you bow your.owa dearest friends, those on -whose. af fection. 'aridfldejity/you' rely .risonyour.'own life; yesterday, (canvassing ybur. cliiu'acttr, pronounced yori - deseitfttl, cold-bearted,' un grateful, : arid 'Selfish'; "(but she.sayB, in her sweet" way, that she took .your. ! pirt,1 arid aa- sared them " they /Ware mistaken It was only rrianrier,'"ori!y appearance, 'she said ; and though you certainly "might be callod by souie ungratefulj and" what you'had doud did really lobk- like deceit, vet she impresses it on you that she insisted:' on .this us mere manner, only 'appearance, varid;foiigbt"8tdutly against the', theory of reility. ' ' Arid , you, po'ir dear who had not nu idea that1 your, worst enemy could have accused you of. these faolislftyou whose life is transacted; with single intentions, opehly/airicerely, and who, believing in the simplicity you'praotice/tlipught. these friends of yours true; to. the backbone, ps true toyou as yo u are to; t heal ,! . Bu t. h pw can you be aagry.vwheiijyouri soft-minnered -friend tells ,yoa ail this so sweetly, inflicting her : wounds withfto delicate1 a't'oucb, if so deadly an aim, od rasping the sore in. a vpice'so irinsical and "Iwitbi J words', so riioely framed! ':EvenJ ifiyou i wereVarigryyou would firid'uer quicker than ' you at fence; arid the morq.'jrott' tried to parry her blows, the more' deepiy you, would' "be struck. If sbe tells you that she has seen : jthe- beloved of your heart riding- thiB. morn-; ing in the park with your most dreridridJnibBt: abhorred rival, and that she quite considers it; an engagemeut from all she rioted, . can ' you turn round ou her and say that sbe'eaye this: >'orily ; to' wound you,''and'that in faot she lies L Soolety does not allow ua " to-1 tell ea'oh- other; . that we lie even when we do. We. have to; go-through' our; milotted-ipsntomime of pre-: i.tenc', and accept ae real what. we'know to -be ''orily Bham— a' ghost made out of a . turnip and; 'lighted IririthorD; arid hung ribout with' rusty /chains to frighten arid bewilder, us, . ' ; 