A Strange Companion. — Dead men tell no tales. Humph. I I know . better, Never believe snoh an abBurd assertion, madam." v' ' ' ?t It was a tall, thin gentleman, with a "oloomy countenance, and' a< hat of tho '' .sombrero style, who made this -remark to .me; and ho camo upon me,rijr_the wood path very much as though he had been a ghost. Of coarse, it was not consistant with the laws of etiqnettc that he should speak, or I'thatlshonld answer him, but I scarcely . ' think that if Mrs Grundy herself should V - encounter in the woods, between post-office ,i:vi nnd farmhonse, a gentleman with such wild eyes, and such a curious wny of rolling them abont, that she would think of anything but mollifying him. ..... , Certainly I did not. 1 ' ' ' I at once agreed with the stronger, and , walked rather faster than before. . . , " I trust you arc r.ot afraid of me. madam," Bard the stnurger, noting this latter fact. " I Bincerely trust that my abrupt address has not alarmed yon, j have been so1 long exiled from society that I scarcely know how to address its fair ornaments. I haVo no card ,;' no matter. You're not alarmed ; madam 7" I said I.was not. " As I Baw you pass the spot were t lay .under the trees, madam, it struck mo thot you were exactly the person I desired to con- fide in. I consequently hastened after you. ' Perhaps, too, I may have deBired to warn you that if you dssiro to be rid of a troublesome person, tho worst way is to kill him. Shnt him np if . yon can ; chain him in some dnngcpn bnt X don't kill him. If you do, you never can get rid of him again — never, I assure you ; never Yon can look and ,bara living person oat, but dead ones' come to "you in'your most private rooms, and ptand.at your bedside when you wake in tho night, sit at your table, follow you wherever you go." 4 Here ho looked over his ebrulder. and I involuntarily looked over miuc. , , ' If you'rq. jealous of anyone, madam, on't kill her no, no, no I it's very foolish." i Nothing," I! instantly agreed with him, "could bo more foolish than to kill any one." And I was glsd to know he held to bis be lief, nnd hoped ho would continue to hold it until I reached the farmhouse of the Simp- kinses. " I am glad -that wo agree so well,"' said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm over this rouqh pathway 7" I replied in a voice that sounded to my own cars like the bleating of a very meek young lamb, tbat, if be pleased, be must excuse me, I was obliged to hold up my dress. j Ho instantly assured me, that my word was his law. , . " Before I had made my grand mistake. I was known as Polite Patterson in the very olegantjcirc'es in which I moved," he added, " but since then I've become a recluse. It wns a grand mistake. Yes, ye.s ;. I never should have killed him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek, " Yon renlize at once how very 'foolish it was," said tho tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero, and lifting his eyebrows higher than I ever saw any man lift tbem before ; " but, yes — I killed him. I was vary fond of her. Her name was Pamela Peyton, a beauty a belle, an heiress— that, however, was nothing to me. I loved her for herself ; and Bhe smiled npon me until he came ; and he was younger, handsomer, better thnn I. Ah ; yes, much better, mnch better. A patter n young man, Mothers begged their sons to imitate him; and I — well Confess, madam, that besidea being called Polite Patterson, I hnd been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it wns tho mamma who forced her to send me away, I know, nnd who forced her to send me away, I know, and who encouraged him. Pamela liked me, poor Pnmcln : but 1 was driven away like a dog ; and I saw her. walking with him tnlking with him. Once, yes, once I saw him ki6B hor. At that moment something happened to my brain. I've never mentioned it to nnyono, bnt I tell yon now in confidence. I heard it snap, That is how I temporarily lost my judge ment and killed him, Beg pardon. Did I step on your dress 7" I said — " Oh I no, not at. all," in a mnch meeker bleat than the previous. " It was said of mo in thoso old days, before my grand mistake, tbat I never trod on a lady's 'dress ; bnt all is altered now," said the gentloman, resuming the sombrero which he had snatched off as ho bowed his apologies.. " Yosjycs. : In my native town there is a long street well shaded with trees, which is known aa Long Road. Ono evening just in the gloaming, I saw him walking along it, I walked a littlo behind him. Ho took his hnt off, that tho breeze might cool his head, I suppose, Oh, what beautiful curls ho had. How well he walked. On his little finger was a ring — a diamond. I knew ho had bought it for her, that he would give it to' her that night, I began to hate him as I never hated him be fore. I began to make my grand mistake, by believing that if he were dead, he would be ont of my way. I carried in those days a knife. I drew it from its hiding plate. It was sharp. It glittered in the light. I walked a little foster. I was close behind him, bnt I hadjtrodden so softly that he had not heard me. He was humming a little tune, the tnne of a French love song. The knife I plunged into his back, and stopped a note in tbo middle and completed my mistake." If only I could sec tho red roof of tho farm house, If only the sun were not sinking so'fnst, I' , thought 'But the yietn of leafy shadow spread long before me,1 and I dared not even hasten my steps. " Yes, n groat miBtoke," lie said ; " a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, in. the moon light, nnd I heard him moan' once or twice, and , then g asp for breath. After a while he was still. Than I stooped and touched him. How cold he was I On the little finger of the hand, that had clHtclred a tnrf of soft, spring grass in his -dying agonies, her ring glittered. It looked np at mo in the moonlight . like A de mon's oye. I ruBhed away' and left him lying there. No: one wonld ever know that I had killed him. .Where do yon think. I went, madam 7 Straight to Pamela's lionse, I had not been there for two months, but I utrodo straight past the servant apd into the passage. The window was opeli, | Thero.wero no lights in the room, bnt the moon fell: aorosB tho floor, whiter and brighter than I had ever seen it before Near) the window.. Bat Pamela; bnt before I; could speak, I saw that wo were not -alone. Someone had entered at the door with, me, and passed before me now, and sat down beside bor. It w»b the man I bad just . left lying dead in Long Road. I saw his tnnny curls, bis handsome face, the ring on his little fluger. I saw him take the ring off and put it on her finger, and , as he turned to do so, I saw the knife I had stabbed him with stick ing ont of bis , back, and saw that be was white and stiff as dead men are. I don't know nny more nbout it. I don't, know what I said, There was atrial in court, and a prison, and I saw him lying in a cof fin, and five minutes after sitting on achnir beside me. I've seen him ever since, just when I did not want to see him. For in stance, cow. There he comes. Excuse me for leaving you.. I used to bo called', Polite Patterson in my youth. I . know I should OBCort you to your door ; but I can't intro- duce a'dend man with a knife sticking nut of his back to you— to nny lady. Ariieu." To .my great relief lie snatched off his sombrero, made a low bow, nnd dashed away into the woods ngain : while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all my life. In five'minutes I met little Tommy Simp- kins driving home the cows, nnd in five minutes more, was safe within the fnrm- houBe, where I narrated my adventure. "I want to knnw,"said Mrs. Siinpkins, "I wonder you'ro alive. Why. that's the loony gentleman that lives in .the hollow. He must have got away front, tho man that watches him. I believe he did kill a young man who cut him ont with his girl twenty yenre ago, and he would have been hung, only they found out he was crazy. Ho was in an asylum, a long while, but his folks are rich, nnd thoy have him kept here now. I.believo he's aob dangerous, but he's rather I 'strange." At tho time, I considered this a mild o scription of Mr. Patterson, nnd thanked .Heaven ! hnd escaped violence at the haridB of.iny Btrpngc companion. ' 