THE CLOUD-STAR. Far up within the tranquil sky, Far up it shone; Floating how gently, silently, Floating alone ! A sunbeam touched its loftier side With deepening light; Then to its inmost soul did glide Divinely bright. The cloud transfigured to a star, Through all its frame Throbbed in the fervent heavens afar One pulse of flame; One pulse of flame, which inward turned And slowly fed On its own heart, that burned and burned, Till almost dead. The cloud, still imaged as a star, Waned up the sky Waned slowly, pallid, ghost-like, far, Wholly to die; But die so grandly in the sun— The noonfire's breath— Methinks the glorious death it won, Life ! life, not death ! Meanwhile a million insect things Crawl on below, And gaudy worms on fluttering wings Flit to and fro; Blind to that cloud, which grown a star, Divinely bright, Waned in the deepening heavens afar Till lost in light! PAUL H. HAYNE, —Public •Opinion. THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT AND THE GOVERNMENT BOTANIST.—"The yearly discussion on the vote for the Government Botanist took place in tbe Assembly last night," remarks the Age of August 24. " Mr. Kemot led iff by asking the Chief Secretary what were the duties of the Botanist. Mr. Masphersen replied^tbat it was impossible for him to define them, and sarcastically asseve rated for tbe hon. member's information that science could not be measured by the bushel, nor reckoned by pounds, shillings, and pence. Mr. Service pointed out that the vote showed an increase over last year of £410. Mr. Gaun son contended that the Government were far too niggardly in respect of salary to their Botanist. Mr. Godfrey thought that the money which was asked for would be well spent. Mr. Woods was glad that the finances were in' such an elastic state as to admit of the increase in the annual vote, and humorously referred to the 'luxury' of botanical research. He also referred in a like vein to the long-deferred work on Australian Plants which ' the Baron' has been engaged upon with a view to publication. Already, he said, there has been prepared two whole pages of manuscript, and doubtless after several decades it would be completed. Mr. MacDermott supported the cause of science, and with professional brevity. Mr. Richardson, whilst recognising the advantages to be derived from it, said that he bad always been under an impression that this irrepressible Botanist was treated more as a pensioner of the Government than as an indispensable functionary. He had also understood in the last session of Parliament that the work referred to was in rapid progress, Mr. Colin Campbell having circulated in the House cn one occasion specimens of the lithographs designed for the volume, yet had tbey only two solitary pages of manuscript to keep up the illusion. The Chief Sacretary replied that it was a ' large work,' and 4 the Baron' was constantly engaged upon it; but, pending the issue of it, an arrangement ha... been made to compile a much smaller book for Itu use of schools. The latter work was commenced a month ago, and would be shortly completed. Mr. Gaunson caustically remarked that thfc cost of maintaining the Botanical Gardens, as it appeared on the Estimates this year, wav £12,380, whilst it only cost £3,990 in 1872 This was Government retrenchment! Eventually the vote was passed." THE STEAMSHIP GREAT BRITAIN.—Concerning this once-popular old boat the Melbourne Correspondent of the Belfast Banner says:—" Aftar S3 years of service, I am informed that the celebrated steamer Great Britain has been condemned at home, and will shortly be broken up. She was built of Low Moor iron, and launched at Bristol on July 19, 1843. Her first voyage to Australia was made in 1852, and as her carrying capacity was 1,000 passengers, and she made two tiips out a year, sne must have brought from 15,000 to 20,000 colonists to Victoria, and have taken nearly as many home again." EXETER CATHEDRAL.—After the lapse of nearly five years since the work w&s; commenced, and by the expenditure—including special gifts—of some £40,000, the chief section of the internal restoration of Exeter Cathedral has been completed. and the choir and transepts are now reopened. The restoration of the nave will now at once be taken in hand, and will cost somewhere about £9,000. In addition to this, it is . said, there are likely to be several special gifts. The Earl of Devon has stated his intention of putting in a family memorial window, and one to the memory of Sir John Coleridge is now in hand. THE SCHOONER CYGNET.—Mr. Selth informs us that the Cygnet is now alongside Levi's Wharf, awaiting discbarge of her cargo, and that she was got off from Rivoli Bay without sustaining the slightest damage. PATENTS,—The following patents have been I enrolled in the General Registry Office (Deeds Branch), under Act No. 18 of 1859, during the week ended5thday of September, 1876:—Letters of registration granted to Benjamin Fox Mellor, of Adelaide, agricultural implement-maker, for an invention in and improvement to the manufacture of thrashing and winnowing maohineB. Provisional registration under the Provisional Fegistration of Patents Act, 1875—Skelton and Brown, Kapunda, machine for sowing seed. TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.—A meeting of the Kapunda Branch of the Public Teachers' Association was held at Kapunda on Saturday, the 2c d September. After a discussion on the subject of "Examination for Results, its Merits and Demerits," the following motions were unanimously agreed to:—"1st. That it is desirable to request the Central. Committee to urge upon the Education Council the unfairness of not allowing teachers dearly to understand the mode of calculating results. 2nd. That in justice to the teachers^ the rule followed by Inspectors in Great Britain re absentees should be in force here, viz.:—That no pupil who has been in attendance less than 100 days during the year be presented for inspection. 3rd. That while the teachers of this district cordially approve of the attempt of the Central Committee to provide for the widows and children of deceased teachers, they consider, as preferable, the formation of an Assurance Society to provide annuities to superannuated teachers, as well as bonuses to widows and orphans, the funds to be provided by annual deductions from fixed salaries, supplemented if possible by Government aid." A Mutual Improvement Class was also formed in connection with the Association, and the arranging of the work for next meeting terminated the proceedings. NATIONAL MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY.— From the report of the Directors of this Company for the half-year ending August 7 we extract the following:—"This embraces what has always been the dullest portion of the year. In addition special causes for depreEsion in trade have arisen, and consequently the premium account shows a diminution in net receipts. The losses are heavy, the period under review having at the commencement to bear those of two Adelaide ships, the Coonatto and Glenaray, on which the Company bad full lines. The amount also inoludes every known casualty upF.to date. The Directors have paid every attentlaiii to the suggestions of the shareholders made at the last meeting in reference to the London agency. Negotiations on this subject are now pending. The Directors propose to write off from capital account the amount now standing to debit of profit and loss, viz., £39,979 10s. 2d. The premiums received for the half- year reached £19,31410s. 4d., and interest, &c.;, £835 13s. 2d., making a total of £20,150 3s. 6d. Against this the losses have been £28,642 4s. 9d., and the expenses £3,209 4s. 2d., which, with the previous debit balance of £28,278 4s. 9dL, noses the amount to the debit of profit and loss to £39,97910s. 2d. The Company have £56,250 more capital to call up. THEATRE ROYAL.—"Conrad and Lizette" were favoured with another excellent attendance on Wednesday evening, to which the dress circle contributed a considerable quota. The ranging, dancing, and drollery of both comedians were received with demonstrative tokens of appreciation. The same piece will again be presented to-night. INTRODUCTION OF JAPANESE INTO THE NORTHERN TERRITORY.—We understand that the Rev. Wilton Back, formerly of this oolony, but who is now engaged in mission and literary work in Japan, and who has recently been paying a visit to Adelaide, has entered into an, arrangement with the Government with the view' of introducing Japanese into the Northern Territory. The arrangement, which was concluded with the Minister of Agriculture and Education on Wednesday morning, is simply that the Government will pay a small specified amount for Mr. Hack's expenses in travelling from his residence at Nagasaki to Tokio or Yeddo, the seat of the Government, where he will make known to the Government and the people the advantages which the Northern Territory offers, the nature of the climate and resources of the country, the lawB by which it is governed, and the regulations under which land can be obtained. If he finds a„ disposition upon the part of the people to emigrate, and that no obstacle is thrown in their way by the authorities, he will proceed to the Northern Territory, a moderate sum being fixed for the payment of his expenses, and any futher action will depend upon his report. The arrangement originated, we hear, from a proposal submitted by Mr. Hack, who ia confident from the similarity of the climate of Japan with that of North Australia that the Japanese would do well in the latter settlement. His idea is that mechanics and men with capital might be induced upon his representation to emigrate to the Northern Territory, the Government here, we suppose, bearing some proportion if not all of the cost of passage. It is distinctly understood that no Japanese Coolies will come under the operation of the scheme. Mr. Hack's idea is that the intending emigrants should take with them a year's provisions, tools, and everything necessary to guard against privation. Mr. Hack is not sure whether there would be any official obstruction in Japan to the carrying out of his scheme. Emigration, he admits, is a new thing with the Japanese, so that he may encounter more difficulties than he with his sanguine temperament contemplates just now. THE TRIP OF THE ASSAM.—The following account is from the Argus of September 2:—"A pleasure excursion of a very agreeable character was given yesterday by Mr. Franklin R. Kendall, the agent of the P. & 0\. Company, who invited a large number of friends to join in a trip down the bay in the R.M.S.S. Assam. There were over 300 visitors, including His Excellency the Governor, and representatives of the mercantile, professional, and other sections of the community. The Chief Secretary, Attorney-General, and Postmaster-General were the members of the Ministry present. A special train left the Spencer-street Station at half-past 12 o'clock, and reaohed the Williamstown Pier shortly after 1 o'clock. The guests were welcomed on board the Assam by Mr. Kendall, and immediately afterwards a start was made. The Assam is a magnificent vessel, the largest of the P. and 0\. Company's fleet which has yet visited this port. She is highly finished in all respects, and the visitors were greatly interested in inspecting her internal arrangements. She is commanded by Captain George Cotes, but during the trip yesterday Pilot Reid was in charge. The Assam steamed down the South Channel to the lightship at three- quarters speed. At the start the weather was squally, but afterwards it cleared up, and the sun shone out brightly. The guests were very hospitably entertained on board. An excellent luncheon was given in the grand saloon, a fine apartment of 100 ft. in length by 18 ft. in width, and elegantly fitted up. Very wisely all speechmaking was avoided, and there was an absence of ceremony, which rendered the excursion highly pleasurable. Chapman's band played during the trip. The return journey was made at full speed, and the Assam reached the pier before 6 o'clock, another sharp tquall winding up the journey. An unfortunate accident occurred in bringing the vessel alongside the pier, whereby considerable damage was occasioned. The speed of the ship was not slackened soon enough, and the vessel having too great way on her came sharply into collision with the stone wall at the end of the pier. The stem of the steamer was stove in to some extent, and some of the iron plates on the port side were started. The damage was roughly estimatedatabout£100. This was the only thing which in any way marred the enjoyment of the day. Immediately after the accident the Assam was taken into the dock, but it was not deemed necessary to pump the water out then. This will be done at daylight this morning, when it will be seen what is the precise injury the vessel has sustained." Telegrams received since have conveyed the intelligence that the Assam was found to be considerably damaged by the collison, and that it would take some days to put her in repair. GAWLER RAILWAY STATION.—On Wednesday, September 12, Mr. Basedow intends to move in the House of Assembly " that the improvements and repairs to the Gawler Railway Station, for which a sum of £5,250 has been voted by this House more than two years ago (on May 19, 1874), should be carried out without any farther delay." TEMPERANCE CAMPAIGN.—A meeting was held in tbe Wealeyan Church, Prospect, on Tuesday evening, September 5; Mr. S. Stanes in the chair. Interesting and earnest addresses were delivered by Mr. Councillor Madge, Messrs. F. Leake and G. Sweetser. Singing and music led by Mr. J. P. Roberts added greatly to the interest of the proceedings. BOTANIC GARDES CONCERT.—The third promenade conoert at the Botanic Garden was given on Wednesday, September 6. There was a largo attendance of ladies. The programme WAS as follows:—Overture—" La Grand Duchesse" — Offenbach. Quadrille—"Armourer of Nantes" —Coote. Selection — "Don Juan"—Mozart. Selection — '* Masaniello" — Auber. Valse — " Huldiguns"—GungL Duet—"Stabat Mater" —Rossini. Selection—"Norma"—Bellini. Polka —" BelL" Potpourri from the Opera "Daughter of the Regiment"—Donizetti. Galop—"Don Fernandez"—Friderichs. Dr. SHOLL.—It is with deep regret that wo (Wallaroo Times) learn of the illness of Dr. Sholl, J. P., necessitating his retiring from his professional duties. All persons who know this gentleman would be only too glad to see him in his accustomed rounds. GREAT COBAB MINE.—A cargo of very fine copper from the Cobar Mine has arrived at Goolwa by one of the Murray steamers, and tha reports of the growing importance of tho mines are highly favourable. THE HYDASPES.—We learn on enquiry that nearly all the Bingle men by this vessel have left the ship, presumably having found employment. There, however, remains on board a large number, consisting of families, who find the greatest difficulty in locating themselves.. The watermen's boats are actively employed in conveying passengers from the ship, which lies in the stream. The streets of Port Adelaide are enlivened by groups of the newcomers. INQUEST.—An inquest was held at the Flagstaff Hotel, Sturt, on Wednesday, September 6, by Dr. John Forster, J.P., to enquire into the circumstances attending the death of Samuel Blowed, labourer, who was killed at the Flagstaff Quarry on the previous day. Thomas Parsons, labourer, half- brother of deceased, stated that he and deceased were working together in Mr. Franklin's quarry until 12 noon the previous day. Hearing a noise he turned round and saw his brother falling ' under about half a ton ef dirt and stone whioh fell from an overhanging projection under which deceased was working. He said he had worked in the quarry for the last seven years, and always considered the quarry dangerous, having had several narrow escapes. No one had special supervision of the quarry. James Somerville said he was at the quarry when deceased waa killed. Baw the mass fall on him, and went for a medical man, who arrived shortly afterwards, but the deceased was dead. John Parslow, fanner, Marion, deposed that he was loading hia dray with stone in the quarry, when hearing a noise he turned round, and saw deceased lying on the ground bleeding and apparently quits dead. The Coroner said that it was clear that death was accidental, and the Jury returned tha following verdict:—"That deceased came to his death while engaged quarrying stone In tha Flagstaff Quarry by a falling of stone and earth," and added a rider to the effect that sufficient care was not taken in the working of the quarry. FREE TRADE IN VICTORIA.—At a recent meeting of the Free-Trade League in Victoria Professor Hearn submitted the following proposed card of membership:—" To aim at a return, as speedily as justice permits, to a tariff founded upon the following principles:—1. To have for its sole ebject the raising ef tbe necessary amount of Customs revenue. 2. To impose upon the taxpayeis no other burden than that involved in the payment of the tax. 3. To involve the least possible cost of collection. 4. To involve the least possible impediment to trade. 5. To involve the least possible interference with domestic industry. 6. To aim at the union of all who can co-operate on these principles in a great constitutional effort to prevent the' maintenance and extension of protection.' " After considerable disussion it wai decided to abandon any lengthy exposition oE principles on a card, and to instruct the Executive Committee to have printed on the cards ot membership the first resolution passed at tha public meeting held at HocMn's Rooms, viz.:— '' Object—The abolition of all taxes levied through the Custom-House for the benefit of one part of the community at the expense of the bulk of the population, and the removal of every existing obstacle to the unrestricted employment of industry and capital." 