MAI . Br MES. OLIPHANT, AUTHOR OP "THE CHRONICLES OÏ1 OABMNGFOBD," " MADONNA MARY," " OMURA" ETC, CHAPTER XLÍIL- (CONTINUED.) The arrival of Mr. Charles, -which took place late, about ten o'clock, when it was quite dark, was the first thing that roused the old lady. He came in very unsteady on ids long legs, with a somewhat dazed and pre-occupied look, too much absorbed by all the events of the evening to be much startled by anything that might happen, evea by a visitor so unexpected. He came in and made some sort of greeting, taking her presence for granted in a way which bewildered her, and thea threw himself ivpon a chair in the dim room. " She's dying," he said, in that dull tone of spent excitement which expresses so much. " Who's dying ?" cried Miss Jean, in alarm, starting frm her seat at the window. " Not our May ?" " May," sail Mr.Charles, with a kind of dull wonder. " May ? She's yonder," pointing his thumb over his shoulder, " as she was at Tom's side, poor fellow ! God be praised, no-it's not her : but that noor thintr." " The gamekeeper's daughter ; the lass ? but that's too good news." Mr. Charles looked at her with reproof in his eyes. " You know naething about it. She is far from a common kind of lass ; but that is a thing women never can understand," he added, taking a certain vigour from his opposition. " How those that are on the other side, should have any title to respect-thac is a thing you can never understand." " Maybe not," said Miss Jean, with lively and instant assumption of the quarrel. " We're no so clever as you. You can aye discriminate ; ye see at a glance, and tell the good from the evil. We're weaker vessels ; but perhaps if ye were to tell me some of the arguments that convinced your strong mind-" Mr. Charles jumped up, galled at this speech and the tone in which it was uttered; but his wea riness overcame him. and he sat down again some- what humbled. "No argument, no argument," ho said, " the sight of her, that is all. I've left Marjory there. She'll not leave the bedside so long as life remains. I thought she might have come away now, for tho poor thing is no longer conscious ; but May feels it her duty to Tom." Aud you left her-a lady, a young woman to come home alone." " Aye," said Mr. Charles, and then paused, " I am meaning, not quite alone. There is that lad Fanshawe," he added, in a deprecating tone. " Panshawe ! Him that was at i'itcomlie before-the English lad ?'' , " Yes the English lad. I never thought of it till this moment ; but he has a way of turning up when he's wanted that is very extraordinary. To : see him appear, like a ghost, at that cottage door, and not one of us surprised within. To he sure," Mr. Charles added, with sudden gravity, "'all our thoughts were turned another way." " But my thoughts are not turned any other way," said Miss Jean. " I don't know what folly you're thinking of, her and you ; but Marjory is aiy first thought. All this' about your cottage doors, and your thoughts turned other ways,is not intelligible to me. I would like to know what you mean uharlie. Who is this lad, and jvhat has he to do with Marjory P You've left him to bring her home in the middle of the night - » " No, no," said Mr. Charles, deprecating, " not sobad as that ; not the middle of the night. And j how could 1 help it ? It was no pince for me ; n. wau that could bo of little use, I came away by his advice. It's a long walk, and I've eaten no- thing. And perhaps," he said, pausing, with his hand on the bell, " I should bid them get a room ready for Fanshawe; he must stop some- where. So far as I know, the beds at the, Royal may be all taken. I suppose I must give him a bed in this house." " You know best who to take in, and who to leave out," said Miss Jean. " I never interfere with the arrangements of the house. Perhaps you would like me to go to the Eoyal ? For otherwise, I have my boxes in the spare room." " Certainly, certainly," said Mr. Charles, waving his baud ; and he gave his orders with a degree of oxplanatoriness to which Miss Jean listened with grim impatience. " There's a gentleman, Mr. Fanshawe, that may be coming in late, with Miss Heriot-not that he's with Miss Heriot now, or more than just in the neighbourhood. But she may be kept late, and at my request he will briug her home. You understand ?" " Oh, ay, sir, I understand," said the maid,: cheerfully ; " the English gentleman ; he was here the day already, waiting long, and very anxious about Miss Heriot. He went off after, you to the Spindle, when be had heard ye had gone that gait. He was justj,off a journey ; ..but would take no refreshment, no so much as a glass of wine ; but aye, where was Miss -Heriot,' -where was Miss Heriot V That was all that was in his head." " It was me he wanted in reality," said Mr. Charles, looking anxiously towards Miss Jean ; " on business. We have a great many business transactions, him and me ; and put some cold | meat or something iu the dining-room. If Mr. | Fanshawe is kept very late, as he may be, wait- ing at my request for Miss Heriot (for he is a young man, Aunt Jean, audi am an old one, he was more able to wait than me) ; he will have to sleep here." " And will Miss Heriot be late, sir,'? said the maid. " She's waiting upon a poor young -woman that's dying," said Mr. Charles, with solemnity. " You're amused, Aunt Jean ; I'm sorry that I cannot join you, after the scene I've been going through-nor see the cause." " Oh, you blind auld beetle,'' said Miss Jean, " putting it into the lass's head every word y oil said, to mix up May's name with this lad's. Who is the lad P Is he worthy of her, or does he want her ; or have you paid any attention, ye doited auld body, to what I' took the trouble to say ?" " I have taken your advice," said Mr. Charles, shortly ; " much to my own discomfort ; but no- thing has ever come of it that I can see." ' " That's no answer to my question," said the old lady, peremptorily. " Is he worthy of ker ; and who is the lad?" " So far as I can make out," said Mr. Charles, " he is very little to brag of ; a good-natured ne'er-do-weel. Nobody's enemy but his own." " And that's just the bitterest foe of everybody that belongs to him," said Miss Jean ; " and it's a mau like that that you leave to bring May home ; to wait for her ; and feel for her, and bring her home along a lonely road, and take advantage of all his opportunities-" " The young man is a gentleman," said Mr. Charles, eagerly, with an indignant flush on his face. "And you're a fool, Charlie Heriot," cried th old lady, growing red, as a woman of seventy five could ' scarcely be expected to do. ' She wai angry and ashamed at his interpretation of he words ; she got up hastily to retire to her room' every fold of her shawl quivering with indigna tion. ".Judging by what you say, it is little usi sitting up tor her, I suppose," she said. " Ti think of a young woman like Marjory left to com home with a strange man in the middle of th night. You're a bonnie guardian, Charlie Heriot you give us all great encouragement to trust tb< young women of the family to you." To tell the truth, something of the same feeling crept into Mr. Charles's own mind, mingled witl shame, as he want down to the dining-ronm to cai his long postponed dinner, and refresh himsel: with a little bodily comfort. He began to fee much discontented and ashamed. To leave Fan shawe to take care of her had seemed very natura! in the midst of the excitement at the cottage, ai soon as he had recognised that his own presence there was uncalled for. But in the light of Miss Jean's comments it had a very different appear- ance. He had put Marjory into' Fanshawe's hands -he had accepted him as in some sort her natural protector and companion, This thought entirely drove from his mind thc real event of the night ; the occurrence which had absorbed him so short a time before. Now that he was out of the sha- dow of the death chamber all that belonged to it ilitted away from him. The same feeling was strong in both the old people ; they pushed death aside almost rudely, as as a thing which once com- pleted, should be thought as little of as possible and plunged into the concerns of lite again with eagerness. The scene had been solemn, the mo- ment touching ; but these were over, and lifo and its necessities were not over. Mr. Charles put himself upon three chairs in the dining-room, after he had eaten his late refection, and declared his intention of waiting there till Miss Heriot re- turned. Ile fell asleep very uncomfortably, waking up now and then with a crook in his neck, with pins and needles in his feet or his fingers, With an indescribable sense of discomfort pene- trating evon into his sleep. "When he woke from a painful doze on his three chairs, he decided with himself that now he might venturo to go to bed -that she would not come home till the morn 1 ing, when no one could make any remark. Ac- cordingly when Marjory, half dead with fatigue and uni ) iou, reached the house, there was no one up to receive her. She had scarcely uttered a singlo word the whole way, and sometimes Fan- shawe, holding her fast with her hand pulled through his arm, had half lauded she must have fainted or fallen mto some stupefying trance, though the mechanical motion continued aud she I kept walking on like one galvanised. When at last a sleepy maid was roused to admit them, j the early morning sunshine waa lying warm upon j the silent streets and houses. As she entered, and ho after her, on the strenuous invitation of the maid, who was partly hospitable and parly afraid lest'any one " from our house" should be seen making his way to the Royal " at such an hour"-the stillness of the house came over them both with a strange half-alarming, sensation. At the top of the stairs m the bright solemn early daylight Miss Jean stood, in her broad-bordered nightcap, and with curious flannel draperies wrapped about' her, looking Jdown upon them as they mounted the stairs, Marjory was too weary to feel much surprise. "Is it you, Aunt Jean ?" Marjory asked lan- guidly. . ' " Is this the way you treat your visitors, coming iu at this hour of the morning ?" said Miss Jean, "and with so little regard to what folk may think ? Let the young man bide below till I'm out of the way. I'll see you to your room Mar- jory, you want some woman person to see after ; you, and that taupie of a maid is snoring, disturb- ing my slumbers for hours past." ' "I am sorry you waited for me," Marjory said, in her strange stupor, " but when you . know the cause-" ?' Oh, aye, I know the cause," said 'Miss Jean, throwing a jealous glance over her shoulder, at Fanshawe, who hesitated, and lingered on the stairs. " I know .the cause," she repeated, follow- j ing Marjory into her- room and closing the door with much severity, " but.for my part I'm a great deal more interested, to tell the truth, in what may be the result." -, . . Î Thus with one consent the elder members of the party-the ones who had lived longest and weVe nearest the ending-thrust the death-scene away from them, and went on with the threads of life as if there had been no interruption of its ordi- nary course. This was what they cared for-the living, not the dead. And Fanshawe, dazed too with his watching, with his strange long walk through the unnatural yet fresh and lovely morning, which had seemed to spy upon, them all the way, with wondering looks, like a child, went into the room prepared for him-having added that picture of Miss Jean in her dressing-gown to all the others, of which his mind was full. Ile did not hear what she said, but he made out her sharp look of disap- proval, and the jealousy of her watch over Mar- jory, thus peremptorily parted from him and taken out of his keeping the moment she crossed the threshold. She haa been so absolutely con- fided to him before, that the contrast was all the more remarkable. When he was safe in his room, the ludicrousness of the old lady's appearance came before him so strongly, that he laughed in spite of himself-and then was intensely ashamed of himself and crept to bed, feeling guilty in the daylight, feeling a? if he had been doing some- thing he ought not to have- done. Hew strange to glide into the stillness of an orderly sleeping-room after an exciting night 1 And he was dizzy with his journey, with fatigue, and long waking. But still, of all the memories of the night, Miss Jean at the top of the stairs was the one that lingered most in his memory. He dreamed of her, and laughed in his sleep, and woke with a half-hys- terical mixture of laughter and emotion, as much moved by that momentary comic glimpse as by all that had happened. But this levity, fortunately, nobody knew. 