THE STAGE. Melbourne has broken out all over in amuse ments during the past week, and it may be safely predicted of sucli determined pleasure- hunters as we are that the carnival will last some time yet. There is probably not a city in the whole world where, taking the population as a basis for an estimate, so much money is annually uh dliuubl/illv/ii ub « i li lultj 1111/10 lb bbtil bblj cv city where the great bulk of the population, es pecially the working classes purely, has nearly so much leisure to devote to pleasure-seeking, the natural consequence being plenty of play- Perhaps it is good that it should be so : certainly it will be well if such a blissful state of things to always obtains in this country. Foremost among the amusements are the pan tomimes, and I notice them first, as they are at this period of the year the most important. Space will not permit of my giving more than a brief account of their splendours, and those of my readers who cannot have the pleasure of see ing them must perforce be content with the slight sketch I shall give of each. At the Opera-house a clever and satirical work of E. L. Blanchard's, with some local ad ditions, entitled "Fortunatus and the Magic Purse and Wishing Cap," or "Little King' Pippin," has been placed on the stage. So high a bid for public patronage has never been made here before as Mr. Lyster has in this instance offered, and this will at once be seen when I state that the whole staff of the Opera Company, including Miss Emilie Melville, bliss Clara Thompson, Miss Jeaimie Winston, Mrs. Fox, Miss Wooldridge, Miss Bessie Royal, bliss Dolly Forde, Fraulein Fannie, Miss Blanche Leopold, and Messrs. Bracv. Temnleton. G. T,eor>nld. 3 j- j 3 Bell, Johnson, Forde, and Farley, are cast for the leading parts, assisted by a large corps of male and female auxiliaries, and the well- trained band of the Opera-house, under the con- ductorship of Signor Zelman, who is to retain his baton . With such a cast it may be looked upon more as an opera pantomime than any thing else, and as Mr. Habbe and his assistants have been engaged for months painting exquisite scenery, Mr. Lyster has every reason to expect a long and successful season. On Boxing night the house was crammed to excess in every part and much as the public were led to expect, they were in nowise disappointed with the result. The scenery must take first place, the opening picture being the Temple of bf amnion — a golden scene of great beauty, golden rocks overhead, golden pillars to the left and right, and stretch ing away in the distance columns of basaltic form representing piles of coin of every nation. The next scene is the Haunt of Fancy, a lovely hit of work, full of soft and delicate colour, splendidly tinted, consisting of rocks, cloudland, columns of graceful form, to which cling anemones and fantastic wreaths of coral, with a silvery waterfall dashing down from the far heights to finally leap, purling and singing, into the depths of a rocky defile. The third scene is a view of the city and harbour of Famajosta in Cyprus (not discoverable, how ever, on the map), a sunny oriental picture, full of white kiosks, moles, caciques, fishing vessels, and blue water, in the background purple mountains, and over all a dreamy golden haze, sufficient to charm the senses of even a blississippi euchre-player. The following picture is an interior of the presence-chamber in the palace of King Pippin, quaintly and artistically painted. The fifth scene is a view of the castle of the Earl of Flanders, 111 the Low Countries. This affords a clear evidence of Mr. Habbe's versatility, the picture being in strong contrast to the preceding one, a regular Flemish square- built castle, with wall and fosse, a few wind mills in the flat distance, and a dull blue atmo sphere. Then follows the transformation scene, and to describe fully the various phases and changes would require a column. Suffice it to say that first there is cloud-land, which disap pears, showing a lace boudoir, fit home for fairies, then a perfect surfeit of grottoes, ferns, shells, waterfalls and rocks, peopled -with nymphs and mythological beauties ; the whole culminating in a huge star, the rays of which move laterally, ivith coloured fires and lime-lights in profusion, the whole Mr. Habbe's own invention. He well deserved the repeated calls to the footlights, with which he was honoured, only as a reward for the months of labour, thought, and skill he has brought to bear upon his work. The dresses, all new, are perfect studies in their way ; those worn by Miss Melville, Miss Thompson, bliss Winston, and Miss Wooldridge deserving special notice. The principal features are the music, vocal and instrumental, each lady andg entleman con tributing a good share, Miss Melville an unduly large proportion, which entails very heavy work upon her. There is a very pretty ballet and a danceof Amazons, finishing with a stately minuet- The harlequinade contains the usual amount of fun and nonsense, the parts in it being distributed as follow : — Clown, Mr. Darby shire ; Pantaloon, Mr. Morrison ; Harlequin, H. Leopold ; Colum bine, Fraulein Fannie ; Harlequina, Blanche Leopold ; Sprite, Master Leopold. During the week the house has been crammed to excess, Miss Melville nightly earning fresh laurels in her new line. On Boxing night the Royal was crammed in every part, and loud and long were the expres sions of admiration at the beautiful new scenery. Mr. Hennings has revelled in effects, and his brush has produced some splendid pictures. Of course, lie has painted a panorama illustrative of the visit of the Prince of "Wales to India, and it is simply a crowd of superb paintings. The transformation scene, too, is a marvel of colour and richness. The dresses are good, and Messrs. Greville, Harwood, Stewart, Miss N ellie Stewart, and Miss Florence Norman are cast for very good parts. Since Boxing night the house has not been so crowded, consequent, no doubt, through the lack of novelty. At St. George 's-hall the Fakir of Oolu has been doing good business. His new ghost hallucina tion and a splendid waterfall and fountain, lately introduced by him, are the theme of general admiration among his visitors. Little "Baby" Benson lias also been doing ex cellent business at the Apollo -hall. She lias a very strong company, consisting of bliss Pitts. Beaumont Read, Edward Farley, and others, supporting her, and she therefore deserves the patronage of the public. " The Messiah" was performed on Christinas night in the Town-liall by the Philharmonic Society. The huge building was crowded to its full capacity, and the financial result should be satisfactory. The principals were bliss Pitts. Miss Christian, R.A.M. , Mr. E. Farley, Mr. 11. Bracy, Mr. Peake (organist), Mr. Summers, Mus. Bac. Oxon, conductor, and there was a chorus of nearly 300 voices. The performance was, on the whole, very successful. There was also a sacred concert at the Opera- house on Christmas night, which was largely attended. Miss Emilie Melville, Mrs. Fox, bliss Wilkins, Miss St. Clair, Mr. Armes Beau mont, and Mr. Templeton were the soloists, and the choral work was done by some of the ad vanced pupils of Mr. Perraton, assisted by a number of other ladies and gentlemen known to musical circles. The very perfect Opera-house hand, under the conductorship of Signor Zel man, did the orchestral work, it is needless to say, very perfectly indeed. ADAGIO. 