OPENING OFTHE NEWOHUROH OP ST. MATTHEW, THE TEA MEETING, Iu connection with the openiug of the new Church ol St. Matthew a tea meeting was held in a large marquee, erected on the Church Reserve, on Friday evening. The tables,—that tnighfbe said to groan under the profusion of the good things provided by the ladies of the congregation, - spacious as they were, proved insufficient for the accommodation of the numbers who attended— including visitors from all parts of the districtbut by adopting a system of relays all were enabled to participate in the feast, and there was plenty to spare after at least 000 people bad taken their places at die tables and gone away satisfied. After the material feast had been brought to a close au adjournment took placc to the church, where a PUBLIC MEETING was held, the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne in the cliair. Large as had been the attendance at the tea meeting it was greatly exceeded by the attendance in the church. Every part of the spacious building was crowded, aud notwithstandthat efforts were made to provide seats by placing forms in the passages and other devices, a good many had to remain standing during the evening. When lighted up the interior of the new church had a very'fine effect. The soft uiellow light, given out by the pendant chandeliers and from the standard lamps, reflected on the white alalsaster-likc walls, on the exquisitely carved and highly polished principals, on the glowing colors ol the windows, aud on the hundreds of animated faces, gave to the scene a touch of splendor and brilliance, whilst it brought out with wondrous effect the grand proportions of the new edifice. Prayer having been offered up by the Venerable the Archdeacon of Beecliworth and Sale, The Very Rev. CHAIRMAN, after expressing the wish that applause or other marks of approval would be refraiued from by the audience, on account of the sacred character of the edifice in which they had assembled, went on to say that it was essential for the purposes of government that there should be separation into provinces and districts. But, although they were divided in matters of government, they were of one race, of one British race, aud met together as members of one highly-favored family. It was necessary for the government of the church, as it was requisite for political government, that there should be separation into provinces and districts; they had examples of such separation in the earliest times, as they read of the Church of Coriuth, the Church of Ephesue, and other churches ; but the separation was merely for the purposes of administration ; essentially they were one and the same. Connected as he was with the church in another province, it had afforded him great pleasure to be present at the opening services on the previous day, and he was highly gratified at being present at such a gathering as had assembled that evening ; his only regret was that their beloved Bishop could not be in attendance, as he felt assured that he would be pleased with aud proud of the noble work that had been accomplished by the members of the Church of England in Albury. Among the Jews there were three great feaste: The ieast of the Passover, when the lamb was slain; the feast of Pentecost, made especially memorable by the Holy Ghost having descended on the Apostles ; and the feast oi tabcmacles, on which the people assembled from the outlying provinces to worship God in joy and gladness of heart. In some respects the assemblage that evening resembled the feast of tabernacles ; they had come from various districts animated by one common object—the love of their Master, Jesus Christ. They met there that evening as sons and daughters of the Church of England—a church that had done much for the honor aud glory of the land that God had raised so higli amongst the nations of the earth. There was not a spot on earth where the name ol Britain was not respected, nor was there a sea on y which her flag did not proudly float. For the pre-eminence enjoyed Britain was indebted to religion, and in uo small measure to the Church of England, which had done aud was still doing noble service, notwithstanding the sneers and even threats that were uttered against it. Not only had they met as sons and daughters of the Church of Eugland, but they had met as members of the Christian Church, At the opening services,: and also that evening, there were many present belonging to other sections of the church, and it J could uot but afford pleasure to all who took an interest in the advancement of religion to see Christians assembled together as one family, and< assisting each other in the glorious work in which; they were one and all engaged. They lived in a strange period—a period wheu it was necessarylot all tumble nod devoted follower of the Crow* to close up tbfeir ranks, so to apeak. Men in these days did not hesitate to utter things that men may have thought in other times, but did uot dare lo utter. David said, "The fool sayctli iu his heart there is no God." But what the fool then said iu his heart secretly was now openly proclaimed. In the loudest tones they had at command, men now-a-days did not hesitate to assert that there was no God and so Saviour. Yet iu spite of the open attacks of infidelity, and the secret undermining of those who, claiming to be Christians, tried to rob Christianity of its Divine character, the wort of God was going on aud flourishing, aud there was uo doubt that it would continue to flourish. There was uo cause for despondency ou the part of humble believers in religion, because learning audiguorance combined iu the effort to shake the foundations of the Church of God, and to try to throw discredit on the glorious revelation that had been vouchsafed to humanity. By prayer, earnest piety and making common cause one with another, they would be able to resist the assaults of the enemy, and to spread abroad the glorious truths of the gospel, compared with which the wisdom of the world was mere foolishness. When Ancient Rome was besieged by the Gauls, the land on which the Gallic hosts were encamped was sold at its original and natural price. Though matters looked gloomy the Senate and citizens did not despair; they knew the land to be their own, notwithstanding the presence of the invading hosts, and were firm in the belief that it would remain in their possession, when the invaders had melted away. Events proved that they were right in their faith. Similarly, Christians ought to hold fast to the grand scheme of redemption, with a devout and humble confidence that it would sustain them when all the sophistries that had ever been woven had been completely dispelled. They ought to show the world by the assembling of themselves together that they were not ashamed oi the Gospel of Christ, but were firm in the faith that by the power of God they would be made wise unto salvation. He congratulated the mem bcrs of the congregation on the noble work they had undertaken, and partially completed; he congratulated their minister on the success that had attended ht6 unwearying efforts ; he trusted that they would be able to catty out the design } aud in due time bring it to a satisfactory completion. Moses said unto the people, Go forth. Of them it might be said that they had gone forth, and had, in spite of difficulties that at first sight appeared to be almost insuperable, set themselves to a task intended for the honor and glory of God, and for the good of humanity—the erection of a suitable edifice in which the glad tidings of the gospel might be preached, so that mauy thereby might be made heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ. The Rev. A. D. ACOCKS regretted that owing to the demands that had been made ou his time of late he had been unable to prepare a report, aud to some extent, therefore, they would have to depart from the practice usually observed at the opening of new churches. A report would, however, before long be prepared and published, and perhaps, after all, it was no great matter for regret that it had not been read that evening, considering how much there was otherwise to occupy their attention. Connected as he had been with the work from its initiation he could not help congratulating them on the partial com' pletion of a church very much more creditable to the members of the congregation than the building in which they had so long worshipped. The old church, however, was not discarded, but was joined on to the new building, and would do duty yet probably for two or three years to come, Those who had tender and pleasant memories connected with it would be pleased at its preservation for some time longer, and when the time came for its demolition its place would be taken by a more glorious structure, the partial completion of which they had met to celebrate. The Rev. J. HOLMS said that although a resident of another colony, and a clergyman of another diocese, it gave him great pleasure to be present at the openiug of their new and beautiful church. He felt thankful on behalf of their common Christianity, when the citadel of their faith was being assaulted from within and without, to see the noble liberality and religious zeal that were at the foundation of a movement that had produced so excellent results. The old church was, no doubt eudeared to them by many sympathies. Sonic of them had there received the rito of baptism ; many of them had there received the rite of confirmation, while others had pledged their faith to each other within its walls. But they bad shown their Christian zeal, in the erection of a more noble edifice for the worship of Him from whom all'good things are received. Credit was due to those who had contributed of their subst&pce; for the erection of the building^ and he thought ivhat had been accomplished was ana lie tuougMwcatm been accomplwhcd .was au m-nobt that they would not allow the work to | remain uncompleted, but would perefevere' until the edifice was carried out according todesign. A resolution had been placed in his hand, which he would read to thein, and he was certain it would find acceptance— 1 ' That the thanks of the congregation be given to the subscribers to the buildinjV fund, aud especially to T. H, Mate, Esq., his liberal contributions towards the building fund." Mr. J. W. JoNSifi had great pleasure in seconding the motion, and thought the congregation might well be congratulated on what had already been accomplished towards the erection of the building. At one time—some two and a half years ago, when a meeting had been held to consider the advisability of erecting a new churchhe had opposed the proposition, as he had been doubtful as to their ability to carry it through, but he was happy now to admit that he badbceu mistaken in his ideas on the subject. Mention had been made of a gentleman to whose liberality they were especially indebted for the funds wherewith to carry on the work, and he felt satisfied that all present would join heartily in acknowledging bis kindness, and he might say that if everyone eke bad also given according to their means, they might have now been celebrating the completion of the entire structure instead of a portion. The Rev. J. EVANS desired to propose the following resolution " That the thanks of the congregation be tendered to the donors of and collectors for memorial and stained glass windows, and especially to Dr. aud Mrs. Cobbett for a new cover and cushions for communion table, windows in south transept, cushions for pulpit, and kneeling stools." Iu speaking to the resolution, he said that it was a gratifying matter that those members of the congregation who had the most redwrcht things in their own homes were among the least fotgetful of the requirements of the house of God. Not that these things were exactly essentials, auy more than the "dim religions light" which poured into the aisles from the stained.glass windows was indispensable to the worship of God. ^Esthetic tastes did not constitute religion, but they were uot necessarily opposed to it, aud it was matter for gratification that the congregation should be able to feast their eyes upon the True and the Beautful in art instead of upon the False and Ugly, whilst they listened to the Holy and True. If, upon the return of their beloved Bishop, he (the speaker) should by the kind agency of the Vicar obtain au incumbency elsewhere, he should ways look back with pleasure upon his Albury experiences, aud thauk God that he had been permitted to officiate in such a beautiful church. Mr. HAYES, iu seconding the resolution, referred particularly to the assistance which had been rendered by Dr. Cobbett, who had been one of the principal contributors not only to the building fund generally, but to the windows, and to a number of other items for which special collections had been necessary. He (Mr. Hayes) would aUo couple with the resolution the name of Mr. George Day, whom they had to thank for the splendid stained glass window which adorned the chancel, aud to whom they were more particularly indebted in that he was not a member of the congregation. He had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. The Ven. Archdeacon TCCKER, of Wangaratta, who was the next speaker, moved the following resolution :—" That the congregation of St. Matthews pledge themselves to renewed aud continued exertions to complete the church according to the plans and designs of the architect." The foregoing, he said, was a resolution to which no one would object. He could not conceive of auy exception being taken to the suggested pledge. Who, indeed, was there who could find fault with the plans aud designs of the architect ? They had before them in that portion of the edifice already erected, a building which was a great credit to all concerned in its construction, and there needed not a word from him in favor of a structure which had already received the congregation's approval He was aware that there had been a great amount of labor and some difficulty in carrying out the work to its present stage of progress, but the difficulties met with had not been insuperable, and the congregation in overcoming them had not quite exhausted their resources. They formed the centre of a rich neighborhood, and if they were favored with a bountiful harvest and the mercantile prosperity"'- of the district were sustained, it might be said that their resources had only lightly been drawn upon. Then, again, it must be remembered that they were -not deserted by their friends, who had helped them before and no doubt would help them again. He was glad to see members of other denominations present, both at the opening and on that evening, a recognition t>f the fact that the Christian Church was.one'^i^iuy,'.^!' 1 :' INMLIF wight well IIFAII be UN one ATM in deeds .1...J,. of bymnathy. .'I* 'MI Thev > ' must uot hesitate uuder the m V tmm that they had nottbe*ympathy of tbc Christian world with them. They bad that sympathy. Both members and ministers of other Protestant de nominations were present, and it required no ie* " ted between the various Christian bodies. The S me had not yet Arrived for all distinctions to be removed, or for an assimilation of church government, but be was thankful to say that they were able to work together in their different spheres to the same end. They bad also received Christian sympathy from places round Albuiy, and on the whole, therefore, they could have no reason to hesitate. If they hesitated indeed they would bring reproach upon, themselves—the reproach of their enemies, As a matter of fact they had no enemies, but, none the less, they would bring re proach upon themselves. It would be said that they had begun to build and were not able to finish, or that they lacked zeal. He did not think that they would subject themselves to that imputation, and if they only had the spirit to undertake the work, the time was not far distant when the whole church would be completed. Let their efforts be directed to that end. It bad been said that the Church of England was behindhand in some respects, but she was fulfilling her mission and was holding her own. He was not, however going to enter into any lengthy disquisition upon that point, and would content himself by urging upon them the necessity of showing that their zeal was not fitful. Thanks bad that evening been given to those who of their wealth had contributed nobly, but he would take the opportunity of observing that there were a multitude of other donors whose names were equally worthy ,of mention. It had been a pleasure to him to know that many of the artisans employed upon the building had contributed both in money and in their time and labor. Thus, for instance, he was pleased to see that one of the windows hod been given by the masons. With such liberal and freely rendered help in the past they had small reason to fear for the luture, as those who had been foremost on previous occasions would not be the last to assist should their aid be again required. Mr. 5. F. SKINNEB, who seconded the reso lution, said that in compliance with the announce' ment restricting each speaker to fiveminutes, be should be very brief in his remarks, especially in the presence of so many clerical gentlemen, and so much musical talent. He could only say that when the church was completed it would be one eHhe best ecclesiastical buildings in the colony. The sooner it was finished the more it would be to the credit of the congregation and of the district. The Rev. GEO. ARMSTRONG moved the next resolution, as follows :—"That the thanks of the congregation are hereby tendered to Mr. W. X M. Edmondson who has given his valuable services as honorary organist to the church for upwards of sixteen years, and for providing on very liberal terms the organ at which he has so ably presided this evening," In moving this resolution, Mr. Armstrong said that he had seen a few days ago in the columns of a leading Melbourne paper, that New South Wales was iu a very flourishing condition, and when he saw in a provincial town of the colony such a church as that of St. Matthew, and such churches as those possessed by the other religious denominations in the town, he was quite prepared to believe that tbc statement was true, whether as regarded secular or ecclesiastical matters. He believed, indeed, that when Albuiy tn the course of time became the Federal City of Australia, even the splendid edifice iu which they were now assembled would be inadequate for the requirements of the place. In, promoting the worship of God now-a-daystbey were placed in a different position to that in which they formerly stood. The Government by withdrawing State aid had proclaimed itself irreligious, and the people had to do all for themselves, by a liberal expenditure of their means. Had the Government in Victoria contributed as liberally to the support of churches as it had towards the maintenance of schools and hospitals, the religious edifices would long since have far surpassed the structures erected for the other purposes named, and even as it was there would iu most towns be found two or three churches to every school or hospital. It was therefore a libel on the Christian community to say that they did not support their religion; the many beautiful churches in course tt erection proved that the people had not forgotteu the i-ejigiou of their fathers. With rcfer^ fc»ce to the subject of the resolution in his hands be would say that the gentleman referred to need seek no higher credit than that arising from his sixteen years' good service. How many of his (the speakers) fellow Christian ministers could say that they had labored for sixteen years in the same place, and that their labors were still acceptable f After a few further remarks to the same purport, the .speaker , concluded by congratulating the congregation upon the possession of a magnificent structure, wherein would be preached the Gospel that would be the means of salvation, and a blessing for time and for eternity, Mr, J. D. LA-NRESTER, junr,, had much pleasure in seconding the resolution, and adding his own testimony as to the liberality of Mr. Edmondson, to whom they were indebted for the musical treat enjoyed that evening, He did not pretend to be a critic of classical music, but he could bear witness to the enjoyment he in common with other members of the congregation had received from Mr. Edtuoudson's masterly performance. At this stage of the proceedings a collection was taken up. The Rev. J. M. WARE, after expressing the pleasure it gave him to renew his acquaintance with the people of Albury, aud to be present at the opening of tbc beautiful church they had erected, referred to the pleasant memories he had in connection with the old church, which, he was gratified to lean*, was not to be dismantled for some time to come. In the old church, he said, the Bishop had laid his hands on his bead and had consecrated him to the service of God, and since that time he had had many pleasant meetings with the people of Albury. More than eleven years had passed since he visited Albury for the purpose of making tbe acquaintance of the Rev. XI. Brown rigg, the theu iucumbeut; he and that gentleman were then the only two clergymen within a distance of nearly two hundred miles, so that it might truthfully be said they had a wide field ot labor. Leaving past recollections for the matters at present iu hand, before proposing the resolution given him to propose, he might remark that one of the things they ought to learn was to stand scoffing. A scoff made against Christianity was that it was the religion of women. Aud it was well for humanity that Christianity was the religion of women. It was tbe mission of Jesus Christ to restore woman to her proper position; He was born of a woman, and amongst the first to receive His message aud to abide by him in the hour of adversity were women. Before His advent, and even no^v where Christianity had not penetrated, woman was only regarded as a child-bearing slave. But by the religion of Jesus she was raised to her proper position, that of a help-meet for man. It was sometimes said derisively to clergymen that they could not get ou without the ladies, and he honestly acknowledged that there was a great amount of truth in the saying. And it was well for clergymen that it was so, for as women helped the Master they assisted the servants, and without their assistance the labors of those who ministered in the church would be much more arduous. The resolution he had to propose was that the thanks of the meeting be given to the ladies who had so bountifully supplied the tea tables. To the resolution be would also add that they ought to be thanked for the assistance they always rendered to everything that bad for its object the advancement of religion and the spreading abroad the gospel of Christ. The Rev. J, EVANS seconded the resolution. The Rev. Mr, SABINE moved—" That the congregation tender their best thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who have so ably assisted in tbe choir." It was hardly necessary to say that the services of the choir had been duly appreciated, or that the rich musical treat they had given had been a source of gratification to one and to all. He would mention, however, that it was not merely the members of their own congregation to whom they were indebted for the evening's enjoyment, as a number of ladies aud gentlemen belonging to other churches had kindly come forward to assist. They had thus had tbe pleasure of listening to many who did not belong to tbc same communion, but who showed their sympathy by freely-rendered assistance on such an occasion as the present. Although he had no intention of detaining his hearers for any undue length of time, he wonld like to take advantage of the present opportunity to say a few words not immediately affecting the subject of tbe resolution he held in bis band. And first m regarded their minister, the Rev. Mr. Acocks, He (the speaker) felt sure they would all agree with him when be said that Mr. Acocks' labors had been of late most arduous. He had been placed in a very peculiar position, having had work thrown upon him which a minister was not often called upon to perform, and it was fortunate that he had been equal to the occasion. It was owing to him that there had been uo failure iu connection with the f building of the church iu which they had met that evening, and if, owing to the heavy responsibilities that had been cast upon him in that respect, he had been unable for some time past to levote a larger amount of time to the performance of duties more strictly pertaining to his position as Vicar, there was at least cause for gratitude in the fact that henceforward he would be less shackled, and therefore better prepared to j attend to purely ministerial work, Onc'jnan could ' only do one man's work, and now that he was re- Iteved from the duties of architect and clerk* oi works he would be able to devote the whole of his timeand energies to the task in which his heart was engaged, the winning of souls to God. In conclusion he (the speaker) would say that it was his prayer that in that building there might alone be preached the simple Gospel which was able to make men wise unto salvation. Archdeacon TUOKEU briefly seconded the resolution. The Rev. A. D, ACOCKS, Vicar of Albury, proposed the next resolution as follows " That this congregation desires to express its sympathy with the sister Church of Victoria, and cordial wishes for its continued prosperity ; and to return thanks for the attendance aud help of the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, the Venerable Archdeacon Tucker, and tbe other clergymen of that diocesc who have taken part in the proceedings." With reference to this resolution be would say that he desired personally to return his sincere thanks to the Very Rev. the Dean, aud the other clergymen named. No one knew better than he (the speaker) how great a sacrifice was involved in the attendance of the Dean. In the firstplace his health was not good, he invariably suffered much when travelling, aud he had had to alter all his arrangements iu order to attend. All these impediments had, however, been overcome, aud purely and solely out of love for the church be hod attended. The same might also be said with regard to many of the other clergymen present. It was held by some that a clergyman had nothing to do but prepare a few sermons, but than that no more mistaken idea could be entertained. He knew several clergymen present who had to discharge duties tbe extent of which ministers at home would hardly understand, and who had weekly to travel over an area of country, the sire of which people in Englaud would not readily be inclined to believe. They had come, however, not entirely to please the congregation, but partly as he hoped and believed for their own gratification, feeling that opportunities of the kind for clergymen from distant parts meeting in friendly and social intercourse were too seldom enjoyed* Still, all who were in attendance had come at a considerable amount of inconvenience to themselves, and he felt satisfied, therefore, that the congregation would join very heartily in returning them their sincere thanks. He would also couple with the ministers of their own church the names of the Revs. H. B. Giles, C. Lane, and A. G. Fry, who had shown their sympathy with the church by attending that evening. The Rev, J. EVANS seconded the resolution, and the Chairman responded. The choir then sang the Hallelujah Chorus, after which the Benediction was pronounced and the proceedings were brought to a close. , ROMANTIC SUICIDE.—On October 13 Mr, J. B. Edge, tbe district coroner, held an inquest at Halliwell, near Bolton, ou the body of Mr, Dorabjee Honnusjee Dashai, a native of Bombay, who was found drowned in Brine Hey reservoir, Halliwell. The deceased, who was twenty one years of age, and had been residing in Bolton about nine months for the purpose of acquiring a knowledge of cotton-spinning machinery, left the house of a gentleman with whom he resided, apparently unwell. As he did not return, his friends became anxious, aud inquiries were instituted resulting in the discover}' of his body in the reservoir. From information'which has subseqently come to light it seems that on the day following that on which he left home he went to Southport on a visit to a relative and stayed there for few days, when be wrote tbe subjoined letter to a young lady in Bol- M ton to whom he had become attached:— September 26,1875, Mv dear Nalie,—I hope you will excuse me for taking liberty for writing to you, but really I cannot help it, because 1 love you so much and you must truly believe me that I never came across a young Iad3 more lovely more affectionate, like you, and I r cannot forget you, and in my remembrance I have sent you a little present that you must accept it, and Nalie do remember me after I dead and gone. You have longer time to live yet, but my time is very short, the reason is I was so full of thought about you that it drove me to this because could not get a chance to speak to you, and I inquired about you private^*, that it was impossible for me to have a chance, and therefore I could uot rest, and it drove my miud away altogether, and I could not help it, but meet you there if I don't see you here again. I hope you will be happy, but don't forget me, because I sacrifice my heart, to you, dear. I always dreamed about you; I don't think you hardly believed it, that how I loved you, my dear : but I am at last disappointed. But uever mind, it cannot be helped ; but don't forget me, because you are the only one I loved. I don't think you care much about me, but I did. Remember me, my dear, remember use. 1 hope you will be happy.— Yours truly, DOHAB DA6HAI." On tbe back was written, " Please don't show it to anybody." He returned to Bolton the same evening, alter writing the above, and was in the company of friends until half-past ten at night, and from that time, with the exception of being noticed going iu the direction ojthe reservoir, he was not seen alive. So determined was he to put an end to 1 himself that he hnd fastened his hands behi He him with his hannkcrcbief. The jury teturad fid verdict of temporary insanity. 