' NEWS OF THE DAY. Up to the time of our going to press no intelligence had been received of the arrival of the R.M.S. China off Cape Otway. Pre- earning that site left Glenelg about !i p.m. on Thursday, she should make her appear, aace at the Heads about noon to-day. The fate ot the steamer Daudenong is now placed beyond ail doubt. By a telegram which appears in another column, it will be seen that all the steamers, except H.M.S. Thetis, have tetnrned to port ; and the s. Illalong reports having on Thursday picked up some wreckage thirty .two miles N.R.E. from Jorvis Bay, a portion of which has been identified as having been part of the fittings of the first officer's cabin of the missing steamer. It would be idle, therefore, and even cruel, to hold out any hope to the friends of those who were on board the vessel when she was last seen that she will ever again be heard of. Another interruption has taken place on the line of telegraph connecting Australia with Europe and tho East, this time between Amoy and Shanghai, an extension of the Siberian route. Steamers will, pending the restoration of communication, be kept run ning between these ports. . It may now be safely conceded that the Police Offenoes Statute Amendment Act is sufficient for the purpose of suppressing the Chinese lottery shops. In the case of Ah Fan v. Stnrt, deoided yesterday in the Su preme Court, tbo last prop of the proprietors of Chinese gambling hells may be said to have been swept away, and they must be in genious Asiatics indeed who can wrigglo out of the consequences of contravening tbe law in question. As showing tbe effect of tbe act, it may be stated that in 1S75 thero were in Melbourne ten banks in connection with which the drawing took plaae openly every day, their average takings being on an average £50 each, or about £500 a. day, representing £3000 weekly dissipated by our "youthful population in gambling. There were fifty shops in whioh the sale of tiokets was con ducted openly, and without ) any attempt to conceal their object." Since the act has been enforced the number of banks has been reduced to four, tbeir average takings being £15 each, while their proceedings are conducted in private. The number of shops for the exclusive sale of tickets has been reducbd to six, and though there are about thirty plaeeB in which tbe surreptitious disposal of tickets is carried on, yet the surveillance observed by the police is such that the evil is reduced very considerably. The authorities purpose pushing prosecutions in every instance where n case can be laid, so that in a short time tbe Chinese gambling shops will be things of the past. Our Land Aots, a Land Tax and the Bursting-up Question, was the subject of a lecture, a report of which will bu found in another column. The lecture was delivered last night at Ballarat by Mr. J. L. Dow, of Melbourne, at the invitation of the Ballarat Reform League. The lec turer, who has bad exceptional opportuni ties of studying the subject, enters particu larly into the land tax question, and advo cates the substitution of the leasing system for the present alienation by auction and free selection. By particular request the lecture is to be re-delivered to- night in the Albert Hall. The Steam Navigation Board of Victoria sat yesterday and disposed of the two cases they had in hand. In the case of the Hero and Eva they gave the following decision : — " The Steam Navigation Board of Victoria is of opinion that the cause of the collision between tbe Hero and Eva waa attributable to an error in judgment on the part of the mnster of the Hero in not slowing hit en gines and stopping his Vessel in time, so as to have thoroughly made himself ' acquainted with the movements of the otbor vessel, as provided in article No. IS of the steering and Sailing roles. - -Cbas £. P/rxe, chairman." "f-tbelp.s. Avon, attendedto nhLa?-' har8! preferred against him' and placed his case in the hands oftheboardl £nnUnfL'aCc . two months' snspeni sion of his certificate was then recorded rd bavin8 taken previous good character into consideration. In an nouncing the decision of the board the chairman expressed the opinion that'aftei Captain Stalker got on deck ho used all possible means to avert the collision. The Chief Secretary yesterday received several deputations in reference to the tolls question. Mr. YVhiteman, M.L.A., intro duced the mayor, several councillors, and tho town clerk of Emerald-hill, who were desirous of having tbe Yarra Bank-road toll, gate maintained. It was urged that the gate m question was necessary, in order to prevent the evasion of toll on the main read between Sandridge and the city. A deputa'- tion from Sandridge on the same question also waited on Air. Macpherson subse quently, and he suggested that the two municipal bodies should act in unison, and thereby remedy the grievance of whioh they complained. From Buninyong also a depu. tation was received respecting the mainten ance of tolls. They were told that before any steps could bo taken, with a view to special cases under the act, it was necessary that notice of objections should be given in the locality. A deputation from the shire of Romsey also waited on the Chief Secretary, in reference to keeping open the toil bar on tbe (principal road in the district. They were informed that the matter was at. pre sent under consideration. The practice of hoarding vessels down the Bay before they were cleared by the Customs officers was at one time very prevalent amongst the runners for various shipping firms, but it received a check through tho rigid prosecution of the ollonders. This had ' the effect of curbing the impatience of the boarders of ships, and jQt a long time there has - been no prosecution ot that sort. Yesterday, how ever, four persons named respectively Jaaw Locke, \Ym. Browne, C. M. Ponle and George Sheltb-iek were proceeded against ia tho Williamstown Court, on the information of Mr. Rose, senior immigration officer, for a breach of clause 4 of the Ports and Harbori Regulations in boarding the Locli Vennacbar on her arrival iu the Bay ou the 1st Sep. tembor before sbe had beeu cleared. The four defendants, with several other people, went off to the ship in a tug-boat, and before the Customs officer, Mr. C'erutty, had cleared the ship they got on board. It seems that Mr. C'erutty gave permission to two or three persons who were on the tun togoon board the ship, believing that thev had papers necessary forproduction in eiearingthe vessel. Ou these gentlemen going on board the others followed. Messrs. Mollison, Aitkens and Mason were on the bench, and they were divided iu opinion as to what should be done. Mr. Mollison was of opinion that the regulation had been violated, and that of necessity a conviction should follow. The other two magistrates, however, were of opinion that tho defendants had begu misled by the action of the officer in per mitting others to board the vessel. The charges were accordingly dismissed, without costs. A robbery was oouimitted on board tho s. You Yangs on Thursday morning under very extraordinary circumstances. A boy named Peter Brairdron, fourteen years of age, was working in the chief officer's eabiu when a man came through tho lazarette, and, taking some rags from his pocket, gagged him, and then securely bound him with some thin rope, rendering him helpless and unable to call ont. He then entered the second officer's cabin and abstracted seven £1 notes, with which he decamped. The detectives were yesterday engaged iu investigating the matter, but have not nt present obtained any clue to the perpetrator of tbe out rage. Arguments were continued in tho Banco Court yesterday in the Chinese lottery ap peal cane. Ah Fan v. .Stnrt and others, whioh tva3 commenced on the 12th inst., and adjourned in order to allow the appel lant's counsel to produce affidavits in answer to those put in by Mr. O'Loghlen. The City Bench, it will bo remembered, fined Ah l'au £25, with £5 costs, or six months' imprison ment in default, for selling a lottery ticket. An appeal to the Court of General Sessions followed on various technical grounds, nod the chairman quashed the conviction, hut stated a speoial case for tho opinion of tho Supreme Court in Banco. The arguments were heard on Tuesday last, and the full oourt then practically decided that the ob jections raised by tho appellants were untenable. Mr. Walsh, counsel for th appellants, declined yesterday to put in any further affidavits, and argued that the' court had no power to ol der the conviction in the Police Court to be upheld, but that all they could do wa3 to decide on the points sub mitted in the special ca3e from the General Sessions, aud allow the case to be re-tried on its merits at the City Court. The court hold that as the only objections raised to tho conviction had been technical ones, it must be assumed that the appellant had uo merits to go upon. The conviction of tbe City Bench was then confirmed, with all costs against the Chinese, Several other similar cases were covered by tbe decision of the court, aud it is stated that the appel lants intend to apply for leave to uppeal to the Privy Council. Mr. MaoBain introduced a deputation from the Wimmera district yesterday to the Minister of Mines, for the purpose of asking the Government to grant a sum of £5000 to wards the erection of waterworks in tbe district. Mr. M'Lellan suggested that full particulars respecting the scheme of water supply should be forwarded to tho depart ment. He would then direct Mr. Gordon to report upon the same; aud the application, if favorably regarded, would receive due consideration in the allocation of tho vote for purposes of water supply. The Southern District Baud will play in the Botanical Gardens this (Snturdayj after, noon, from half-past three to half-past fire, weathor permitting. 'The following is the programme for the occasion : — Quick March, Midnight Bells, Chnndler; Selection, Grand Duchess, Offenbach ; Valse, Madame Aogot, Godfrey ; Grand March, Silver Trumpets, Vivianu ; Soleotion, Martha, Flotow ; Var- soviann, St. George, Annear ; Quadrille, Royal Alfred, Chandler; Galop, Jupiter, Hughes ; God Save the Queeu. The Central Criminal Court sat yesterday in the Old Court house, his Honor Judge Molesworth presiding, and good progress was made with the calendar. Wm. Uenry Hayes, lately a clerk to Messrs. Stephen and Cameron, solicitors, pleaded guilty to forging and uttering a signature iu a Savings Bank receipt book, and was sen tenced to two years imprisonment. Austin Bnrnett also pleaded guilty to obtain ing money by false pretences, but m he bore a previous good character Le waa let oil with two months' imprison ment. William Rynn, a prisoner in gaol, pleaded guilty to forging the name of Mr. John Buncle to a cheque for £3. 10s., and was ordered eight mouths' additional bard labor.' Jesse Elliott, a young man em ployed to drive a cart in Collingwood, was tried for the manslaughter of a little boy named Ernest Usher, whom he ran over as ho was playing . in Johnston-street. The prisoner was sitting down iu the bottom of bis cart when tbo accident occurred, oniDg to his suffering from an injury to his leg, which prevented him using the usual seat, and caused him not to see the child, Tho jury acquitted him, but at the same time ex pressed a strong opinion that it was a most dangerous practice to allow persons to drive in such a position, especially during the hours when suburban streets were ful of children returning from school. A woman named Johanna Wilson, charged with tho manslaughter of her child, a boy aged nine montlm, through neglecting it, was an- ?uitted, as the evidence was inconclusive. n the case of a girl named Sarah Curne, who was committed for trial by a coroner's jury, charged with manslaughter of ber child during its birth, the Crown prosecutor entered a nolle prosequi. Tbe court then adjourned until to-day, when tbe woman Ellen Francis will be tried for the murder recently committed at Emerald-hill. On Thursday last a circumstance of very great importance to the members of the Church of England at Prahran took place, in the completion of the purchase of au eligible aite in High-street for a new church. The procuring of a suitable site has been the difficulty for the past year, but this being now overcome, tbe church, which is iu a very prosperous state, - will bo - enabled to take immediate steps to .erect the. building. The valuable frontage in Chapel- street, together with the present temporary church, will bo sold with aa little delay a possible, and it is intended to erect a large schoolroom at the rear of the new site, where service will be held whilst the new church is being built. The monthly meeting of the general com mittee of the Victorian Discharged Prisoners Aid Society was held on Monday afternoon last, in the society's offices. The following members- were present Rev. T. C. Cole, Messrs. Adamson (in. the chair),. Prince, Morgan, Dickson, Bellin and tbe honorary ' secretary. The executive reports of twentj. ,ruiicatious received during the month sbtV-d the following number Vrere aseistcd, £ sir fcnt. tip-country to their friends rf-M -upplied with blankets, clothing ud £5 aud sent up. country; two .provided liih tools, and two deferred for inquiries. Tn correspondence, replies to an application for donations were read from several of the Wil bodies, most of tbem favorable ; two from persons who had been assisted, giving »n encouraging account of tbeir progress in honest pursuits. A letter from Mr. Henry Oliinn, tlio honorary treasurer, was also rend in which he tendered Ins resignation nf'thst office. The committee, in accepting the resignation, recorded their appreciation of the disinterested and valuable services Mr Ghiun had. rendered tho society, aud orjresscd their regret, that circumstances had arisen which necessitated his resigning the office, the duties of which ho had so oblv discharged. Tho secretary was in- struct ed to convey by letter the foregoing to Mr. Ghinn, and at the same time request him to' allow bis name to remain as a mem ber of the general committee. Mr. .Tames Prince was unanimously elected to the onice of treasurer. The agent's usual monthly re port of visits paid to such of the society's vrvteiK! as were residing in or near Mel- bourne was read and received. It reported that copies of the annual report had been forwarded to the various city, town, borough -od Shire councils of the colony, acoom. piuied by an application soliciting pecuniary help. The Curator of the Estates of Deceased Persona has obtained rules to administer tho estates of the following deceased persons Richard Paul Blacliley, Seaford, near Bath; in England, £345 Ss.; William Hart, Ste- pben-street, Melbourne, £150 4s. 4d. ; .Tohn Mntbeson, sen., Bungeeluke; near St. Ar- naud, £39450 j. Gd. ; Cieorge James Whitfield, Eaglehawk, £275 15s. A request was made to the Commissioner of Railways yesterday for the construction if a level crossing7 between Lai Lai and L'uninyong, on the Geelong and Ballarat lit,?. Mr. - Jones said he would refer the: matter to the Engineer-in. Chief. Tfce lllora, which was converted from a sfcimor into a Eailiog vessel, and left here vitli horses for Calcutta at the latter end of July, has arrived at her destination after an ficellcnt passage of thirty-eight days.. The people of Nngambie are evidently not iilely to be hoodwinked by the free-trade leaguers. The Gonlburn Valley Advocate rnftea : — "A vast and enthusiastic as semblage of five persons Tushed into the Mechanics' Hall ou Monday evening for the purpose of establishing a branch of the hec- trade League." 'lho robbery of £62 from the busliman Kennedy has been tbe'mhans of bringing teveral well-known thieves to justice. At the City Police Court yesterday, Ellen By an, jkrtha Beaney, alias .Margaret Wilson, and C-ioige Lane were cbarged with being im plicated in the larceny referred to. Con stable Armstrong has succeeded in reeover- iaz one of the missing ten pound notes, and !H%nnccting the prisoners with it. They wire nil remanded until Tuesday, when their couVtrcs will be brought up again. Another rotbov was committed under similar cir. i-iu;-:t:inces on Thursday night, iu the house ei a notorious character known as Mary Cnti'ray. 5 ho pleaded guilty at the City Court yesterday to stealing £10 from a man tamed James Archibald. The bench re minded her, to allow the police to recover the money if possible. The usual weekly meeting of tho commit tee of management of the Immigrants' Aid So-.iety was held yesterday, at the military barracks, St. Kilda-road ; Mr. Prince in the chair. 'Hie stnto of the house was reported as follows -.—Number remaining last week, ; admiasiono since, 120 ; discharges, 122: remaining, 247 men, 11G women, and 27 children— iu ail, 400. There are 84 men, 31 women, and 7 children sick ; 10 men stone- breaking, 11 bag-making, 134 oakum-pick ing, &c.7; and S workiDg outside ; 10 women in the laundry, 24 sewing, 51 hair.teasing, Ac. Out-door relief was giveu to 5 families or 13 individuals, on presenting tho relief cards of the society'. The Victoria Coursing Club committee, appointed to investigate tho truth of alle gations made in connection with the running for the Waterloo Cup, met again yistoidsiy afternoon at the Mitre Tavern, and after hearing evidence, adjourned until Monday next, at three o'clock, Particu- his of the proceedings uppear in another cilumti. 1 A Isd named William Cornelius, aged ten I lists, residiug'in Ingles-street, North Sand- I iid,re, was admitted to the Melbourne Hos- jl'trf yesterday, suffering from a fracture of r|-e thigh, caused by bis falling while en- du.Toriug to climb over a fence. The agitation to securo an enlargement of the wharf accommodation at Echucn is bearing fruit. The Riverine Herald reports that on Wednesday the Chief Engineer, Mr. H.irinbotlmin, with Mr. Green, the resident engineer of Kyueton, came up to Echuoa cn an official visit to ascertain, by personal inspection, the necessity for tlie: proposed improvements, and to decide upon the details of the same. Accoin- piuied by Mr. Gibson, station-master, and Mr. Wyiraop, wharLinaster these gentle- n.,u tnnde tho inspection, when work was roir g on as usual at tho wharf, with its in- ' sufficient accommodation and overtaxed ap. alienees. The Herald understands that Mr. llirinU-otham and Mr. Gro.n were satisfied '.bit the time had come for Echuc.a to bo letter provided itr, and distinct plans for ti.-. relief of the pressure of the traffic were dhvusscd. Referring to the late railway accident at TYr.nrarnttii, mentioned in The Aye of the littli inst.., yesterday's North. Eastern Ensign ! t-.-.ys 1 The stoker, M'Kenzie, was so in- | toMcaled that lie was not accountable for i bit sets. Coleman, the engiue-di-iver, seeing the strife he w»3 in, went to report him to i the- station-master, Mr. Franks ; at . this | time the eugine was stationed on what is J known as the crane line, of rails. M'Kenzie, I L-.-ul with drink, and in solo charge, drove | tbt engine right on to the goods shed, and I the havoc douo to the office is very exten- | rive , the concussion being the cause of I l eeching down the brickwork of the office, | tie wooden walls, the windows, and the trick chimney, which is about twenty feet 1 ti.'b, and tho stone coping of the walls — in I fact, the whole office is almost a wreck. It I is >ery fortunate that no one was in the I office at the time. The damage cannot be | fits than about £50. There is every likeli- | lood if the engine - hart been on the main I lite of mils that M'Kenzie in his drunken i freak would have driven the engine in the H direction of Chiltern, wlieu probably he R ".rid have met with the Wodonga train, R rod the collision woutd have been fearful to I contemplate. M'Kenzie was brought tip B Uicro the Wangaratta Bench on Monday, I rml remanded for eight days, bail being R rc: opted. R The Minister of Lands has offered a reward B ot tivo pounds for such information as will R :t?.u to the detection of the thief' or thieves B who stole eixty newly-planted blue gum I ttvrs firm the Flagstaff Gardens on the night' t: Tuesday or Wednesday last. I , A person named Widdicombe, who fun- I withal he has discovered the means by R whicli the Davenport Brothers perform their R trim ordinary trieks, yesterday invited a B somber of iiis friends aud representatives B or the press to a private seance at the Bridge R H-tel, Flinders-street, alleging that he H would Jo all that the Davenports accom- and that with equal facility. Mr. "idJuombe's performance consists of tying B himself, and, after tho lights have been ere- tu-i-uiihcd and sufficient time lias been per- H hutted to elapse to allow of him releasing B Iniuelf, appearing untied. The whole thing B a inrce, and simply went to show that "ri'-icurnbeisns far from guceting the modus B bf-.idr.di as is any one of the thousands who B '-lie, during tire pant two weeks, witnessed B the performances of the Davenports. I A submarine telegram was yesterday re. cerTvd by Mr. J. Summers from Mr. Sims Kt.-ves, the celebrated tenor, stating that he ui'.eud! visiting Australia, and giving a win of concerts under the management of H Mr. Summers. "" . 'ntere8rinv and instructive lecture, en- 'h'.hd Facial Expression, illustrated by '-m-mms during its progress, was delivered | ,/ alt. Trevor Jones on Thursday night at be Town Hall, Flemington, to an appro- .irtive audience. The hall was crowded in TUry part, The proceeds were in aid of the Ikomas's Church building fund. B . Iks South Melbourne Tonie Sol-Fa Asso- B CJt' clvs its second concert for the year B ?? Thursday nieht, at Emerald-hill, when the B ' '"-'-crescent Hall was crowded, and the it:t.cstra (consisting of over 100 voices :i.a several instruments) presented a B ttiy striking appearance. A new work 'te Wreck of the Hesperus, by Thos. Atuttioa— was produced on this occa- Jjca, aud proved a great success. Messrs. \- Angus and E. E. Bebb, and Miss Der- B) ""Iky sustained the principal parts most ".'-"".ibly, nud were well assisted by an ' -tcisnt chorus and string band. In addition I iii 1 8Cimo coruaes from the Messiah and H 5opg' were given by tie association. , "yytrwelley was well received ;-in the Guardian Angel, and Miss Eerhw'e ten- dering of I Love My- Love merited and re ceived an encore. - Mr. 8.- -Angus was re velled for his rendition of Ae- Burns: the Charger; and Air. Fitzgerald gave satisfac tion in the Pilgrim of Love. A dueton agrand piano and organ, played byJMiss Woods and Mr. W. C. Woods, was finely executed, and earned quite an ovation. Some unaccom- panied part songs, by a triple quartette of the gentlemen members, were not the least enjoyable items of the evening. The way in whioh tho concert was carried out reflects great credit on the singers and officers of the association. Mr. P. P. Fraser conducted,, and Mr. W. C. Woods accompanied the singers. Mendelssohn's attractive _ cantata Athalie was presented by tho Wilhamstown Choral Society on Thursday evening, when the members gaVe a very satisfactory rendering of a difficult work. The concerted numbers were especially well performed, and- were highly appreciated by the audience. Mr. David Lee conducted and presided at the pianoforte. Tho dialogue was read by the Rev. .T. J. M'Gillicuddy. After the con- cert, dancing was indulged in for two or three hours. The Fakir of Ooln was well patronised last night. The decapitation act and the-ghost scene were greeted with loud applause. Fritz wns again successfully performed last night) at the Opera House, the attendance being almost as large as if the piece had been newly put on the stage. The Theatre Royal was crowded last even ing. Mr. Harwood's Macduff received uni versal praise, and Mrs. Scott-Siddons's Lady Macbeth proved as successful as on the pre vious evening; The Davenport Brothers and Professor Fay give their farewell performance in the Town Hall this evening, under the patron age of bis Excollouoy the Governor, Next week they will commence n tour of the pro vinces, under tho guidance of Mr. Rich- , mond Thatcher, who has accepted the post of agent in advance. At St. Luke's, Emerald-liill, the surplus oyer the average collections to-morrow, both morning and evening, will bo in aid of the Daudouong sufferers. , We have to acknowledge the receipt from Mr. Jenkin Henry of £1 Is. towards the Dandenong relief fund : also, from Messrs. Hall and Gilles pie, Australian Wharf, cheque for two guineas. At the Baptist Church. Crimea-street, St. Kilda, a special sermon on tho loss of tho Dande nong will be delivered to-morrow oyeuing by tho Rev. Win. Jones,' and a collection will be made in aid of the' sufferers. The following is tho report of the Lving-m Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending 14tb September: Patients iu hospital 7th Septomber. 39 ; admitted during tho week, 12 ; discharged, 1G ; remaining in hospital, 35 ; total number of out-patieute for the week, 85 : new cases, 17. By an advertisement it will be seen that the Rev. W.Poole will, in compliance with a special /equest, preach a serm'ou at tho Mechanics' In stitute, Emerald-hill, on Sunday evening, having special reforeuce to tho recent wreck of the Dan denong steamer. Messrs. S. D. aud L. A. Tallerraan, of Elizabeth- street, Lave been appointed agents of a new pa tent which is likely to work a revolution in tbo terry elastic trade. This material, which is so extensively used in elastic sideboots, has hitherto been found defective, owing to tbo indinrubher threads being liable to slip, thereby rendering the material comparatively useless. By the new pntcut, Lowever, tho rubber is woven with tbo silk or cotton stuff, aud thus made part and parcel of the fabric. Messrs. Allan and Co. have forwarded to us a copy of a nev? song published yesterday. The music is by Signor Giatutnor.a, the accomplished musician, late of tho De Muraka Company, and tlio words by George Gordon M'Crne. ft 13 enti tled tLo Vnforeotten, and is dedicated to the amateurs of Melbourne. It is an exceedingly ex pressive song, of a high-class character, and as tho range is within the compass of most singers it is likely to become very popular. We have to acknowledge receipt from Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherherg of a number of their newest publications, viz. : — Wnit and Hopo, song by H. J. King, of Castlemaino, a rising musician, arid one of the well- known King family, of Mel bourne, This song wns sung at Messrs. Nichol son and Asclierberg's late musical matinee with great success. Dear Old Words, snng by Franz Obt, composed expressly for Messrs. Nicholson and AscberLerg, and also sung at one of tho matinee n. He's Going Away to Loavo Mo, nn Irish ballad, by,C. J. Sliers. Thibk of Me, Darl ing, a song also by Mr. C. J. Miers. Schneider How You Was: Climb Hp, Climb Hp : Two of Emmet's ' songs, published for the first time anywhete, the right of Salification having been purchased by Messrs. icholson nud Ascherherg, with that ot fire other well-known Fritz songs. The Emilio Polka, composed nnd dedicated to Miss Rmilie Melville bv Signor Zeltnan. Tlio Rosalind Waltz, by Sisnor.'Zehnan, played by Messrs. Nicholoon aiid Ascherherg 's own band of eighteen moii, conducted bv Herr Plook, and also plnyed at the Theatre Royal. This waltz is an exceedingly prettv one, nnd rapidly coming into favor ; and Silver Threads Among the Gold. All those pieces have Loon issued by Messrs. Nicholson in the style which has gained for thoin the high reputation thov possess as publishers of 'music. 