WHY MR. DUNNEE CALLED. While Colonel Y ? , the editor of a great and influential newspaper published in a cer tain gubnrban village, was sitting in his sanctum the other day writing a leader on the subject of 'The Reign of Corruption,' Mr. Danner, the book-oanvasaer, cams in. The following conversation ensued : Danner — * I wish to ? ' Colonel — * I don't want any/ D. — * I say that I desire to ? ' Col. — * Makes no difference; I xion'fc want it.' D. — ' To see you for a few moments alone in order to ? ' Col. — 'No use. I've got a closet foil of 'em at home already. Shut that door after you when you go out, will you? Good morning/ D. — ' I don't think you understand me. I called ? ' Col. — * Ob, 'ves I do ! I understand you perfectly, Mr. Dunner. I know exactly what you want. You have got under your arms some sample sheets of a life of Christopher Columbus, which is to be issued is numbers, at fifty cents apiece. It is full of preposterous old pictures of Columbus landing on the shore of the New World, with three or four people around him, dressed like the * Ghost' in Hamlet, and a dozen or two natives bowing down before him, and wondering what in thunder be means by standing there waving a flag with one hand and brandishing his sword with the other. That's what you've got, and you want me to subscribe for it.' D. — * Nothing of the sort, sir.* Col. — * Or else you've got a specimen copy of a new illustrated history of the United States, with General Washington's horse standing on three legs, while a cannon ball whistles by him, which George is trying to catch in bis bat. And it has in it a lot of portraits of celebrated Americans, which look as if they were drawn to go on rag babies, and a representation of the battle of Bunker Hill, in which one man is lying on the ground while another sticks a bayonet in him, and all the rest huddle around him and don't do any thing. I've seen 'em often. We use *em for starting the fires up at our house. You can't sell any to me.' D- — 'You are very much mistaken, Colonel ; I ? ' Col. — ' Oh ! well, it makes no difference. It is something or other of that kind. A life of the Signers, may be, with a wry-necked American eagle screaming on the title-page ; or Adventures on the Plains, by some bald headed lunatic, who's been out there skeettng round among the Indians; or a Farmer's Guide, wbicb instructs the agriculturist not to knock his water-melons off the trees until they get yellow ; or some such slush as that. I've had lots of 'em ; I see you are in a hurry.' D. — ♦ Colonel, the fact is that I want to put an advertisement in your paper.' Col. — * An advertisement— why, sit down, my dear sir. Excuse me for keeping you standing. Take a chair. There now. Now, what can I do for you ? D. — *I have here a very interesting and valuable book, the Life of Bishop Potts, the Mormon Saint. Look at it. It gives an inside view of Mormonism, exposes all their mysteries, tells a story which must thrill the soul of the entire nation.' Co!. — * Capital book; excellent; the very thing to sell ; just what the people want. Now you want to advertise it, do you?' D. — ' Yes ; I'd like to have this prospectus inserted ten times.' Col — l Ten — yes ; ten fifteens — one hundred a*id fifty at ten cents a line is fifteen— yes, fifteen dollars.' D. — * You think it will help the book.' Col. — * Think? I know it. All a book like that wants is to have public attention directed to it. People'll ju8t go for it.1 D. — ? And now about paying for the adver tiBfmeut. Fifteen dollars I think you said ? Col.— « Yes, fifteen.' D. — Jes so. I sell the book at $3.50, bat I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to put you it at $1.50, and send you round ten of 'em. Ten times $ 1.50 is just $15, ?nd then w're square.' Col. — * Ain't you going to pay cash ?' D. — Oh, no ; of course not.' Col.—' You ain't, hey? Well 1 wouldn't touch your infamous old mess of gabble about that polyepmus old beast of a Mormon with 40-foot pole. Take it away from here. Get oat. Skip, or else I'll get a policeman to It ck you down stairs.' Then Mr, Duuner withdrew, and the Colonel went back in a condition of warmth to expose the infamies of the reign of cor ruption.. His readers are yet unaware that a Kfeof Bishop Potts is for sale. — Philadelphia Bulletin, 