TOPICS OF THE DAY. On our Fourth Page will he found an extract from Hepworth Dixon's work, the White Conquest, describing the Mongolian Invasion of America. The city coroner, Dr Youl, this morning decided to hold a coronial inquiiy into the case of, each of the fires which took place on Thursday - Inst. j.No day has as yet tnen fixed- upnn which the inquest will be held, hut- it is probable that, as Messrs Sander Lozarns and Co. were the first firm to apply for an inquiry into that the conflagration at their stores will he held first, probably on WedncB.lay next. The evidence : to he adduced is likely to be rather volu. 'ruinous, arid it is, therefore, likely that the other inquiries will. not take place till Hon day, 6th' June. i The hearing of the celebrated Nisbctt will case was continued in. the Supreme Court to day, n'ud JfM.-IJl8keU.wns examined at great' length; Her evidence, which will be found elsewhere, is very iutercsticg, ns Ehowing a phase of-colonial life and experience. | During' the' hearing ot the Nisbott will case, in the Supreme Court to-day, the fore man of the jury asked air Justice Moles- worth if, considering the probable length of the case, the jury could not he paid, a higher fee that 10s a day, which was wholly inadequate to the importance and magnitude of the matter under investigation. His Honor said ha could do nothiog in the matter, .but Dr. Maekay stated that the proctors on both sides wonld consult, and;see if some arrangement could not be made by which the jurors could receive higher ^re muneration for their services, The total insurance on the Sandhurst fires was £265", but the burnt out proprietors estimate their loss at £1000 more. ! The Melbourne Omnibus Company notify elsewhere that, from the first of next month, they intend to run aline of omnibusses from Kcw to connect with their Richmond line at Hawthorn Bridge, The people of the pleasant little suburb of Kcw will find this a great comfort. , i A notification in our 'advertising columns :states that tlie.Pnb'ic Library in the Town Hall, Richmond, is closed, at present,; for cleansing nnd'painting, ' , ! . Detective Duncan arrested 'a young man named Martier Jlerman, yesterday, oti a chargeof forging a cbeque for£l, purporting to be signed by M r Emannel Steinfield, fur niture dealer, Elizabeth street. The prisoner is by no means n novice in crime, as he .has" been repeatedly before' the bench . for forging valueless , cheques Her- .rriiui, " who is by profession ' a teacher of languages, is in the receipt of £100 a year from home. He is iu the habit, immediately on receiving his remittances, of spending hisimoney iu drunken orgies, and, on ire- covering from these bouts, heforges cheques for smnlt amounts. The prisoner was re manded till Wednesday next. The vessels in the river hoisted their flags half mnst (o-dny, as a token of respect to the memory of Mr Last, who departed this . life at his residence, last night. Mr Last has been nn officer of CuBtoms for many years pnst, and was highly respected by all who knew him, both in connection with' his duties as weigher, nnd his private capacity as a citizen of riiany years standing. - He . was nearly thirty years of age, and his death resulted from a broken blood vessel. FrederickHnvrison, a repulsive looking lad, eighteen yenis' of are, was charged at the Footscrny Police Court, this morning, with having stolen five shillings nnd five pence from tlio till of Hngh Morria Baker. l'ri. soner was seen to take the money from 'the till, ana! was immediately arrested. The police were sent for, and the money was "foiitid in his mouth:' ' He was' remanded to appear on Wednesday next. , . , V.'e draw particular attention to nn ad vertisement elsewhere, by which it will be seen that the favorite steamer, City of Mel bourne, will be despatched from Sydney, on Thursday, 1st June. Passengers etc., will have to lenve Melbourne by the City of Ade laide on Monday. Shu is now loading at the Railway Pier. Fritz enters on its eleventh week, at the Opera Mouse, to-night. We believe this is the longest ran tiiat any drama lias ever had in Melbourne. A three months run is, in deed, unprecedented. It is hinted in drama tic. circles that this is positively the last week of the linamn. Through nu egregious bhiuder on t he part of the town police authorities on Friday evening (says the Ballarat; Star), shortly after seven o'clock the whole town was pi t in a commotion, nii-1 the fire brigades put to the trouble and expciiEe of taking tlieir ap paratus to the top of Clayton's Hill, where the polioo had sot firs ta the lepers' hut re maining there, bix hose-reels from the two brigades were taken all that distance, to find that the alarm wns little better than n hoax. Among the firemen present were a number of the vfsiting brigadiers, who, un fortunately , had riot nn opportunity of ehowing their skill in practically fighting their acknowledged onemy. A large number of people found their wny to the site of the burning hut, which, being snrronnded by an expeurc of deserted diggings, made neces sary some skill in steering clear of the holes in the dark in order to reach it. One boy fell down a hole twelve feet deep, hut most fortunately was got out with only a few scratches. In turning sharply from Darkly street into Main street, some of the Eastern firemen managed to upset one of their reels which was considerably damaged by the accident; - - - - .'.hi- Lieutenant Tuck, of tho No. 1 Fire Brigade' has informed us (Bendigo Advertiser) of a trick which waa perpetrated on that body at Ballarat' on Thursday, which- is about one of the most moan and contemptible we have heard of-for a long time., A minute or two before the men were about to 'slat tin the engine competition, it struck one of them that it would ta well to examine the engine to Lre that everything was all right, so as to prevent any hitch. Everything was found to be in its proper condition till the suction pipe wns come ts. On tnking'off the cap the man was astonished nt finding a lemonade bottle in tho pipe. This had been placed so far in the pipe that it was impoBBible for the men to take it out, and it had to be broken in the pipe. The breaking of this bottle in such a position might have proved very detrimental to tbe working of the engine, as had a particle of glass got into the valve tho probiibi'itLs r-e that it would not have: p:r- forraed its functions properly,' However this had tobc risked, ntul fortunately ifci did not interfere with the operations. That, the bottle was placed there by Borne persons' not nt all favorable to tho brigade is evidenced by the fact that the cap was screwed oh so tightly that n wrench wonld have to be used to take it off. After a loug absence from the Melbourne Btago Shakespeare is once more to obtain a temporary footing. This evening Mr Talbot appears in Hamlet, at tho Theatre Royal assisted by tho Royal Company. The caste is a very good one, Miss Carey taking the paii; of Ophelia; Mra ,Bryer that of the Queen ; Mr Harwood, Polouius ; Mr Apple- ton, OlaudiuB ; the Ghost, Mr Dampiei, This Shakespearian revival will be hailed with pleasure. ' Hamlet will be followed by Macbeth, Richard III., Othello, etc. The U. S, Minstrels have presented a new programme to-uight,- The Two Dromios, Babylon's-a-FiiIliug, and Troubles at. the U. >S. Hotel aro new sketches' to be ; intro duced. , The entertainment given by t' Combina tion Company, at St. George's Hall, drew a good houso ,ast night. This evening 'rMr J. Moron, Irish cimedian, make's ' his first ap pearance. 