THE 'CONVENT SCHOOL; 1 . <(/> i 'i i ' , ob, Gloister Spiders:and Protestant Plies. PAHT THIRD. Siiowixo now Rome's Ciiildbex Rebelled \- ' 1 'Against Her." \ v- CHAPTER. II. —Continued. .'Richard's Test.' At tlie convent Lilly had, arisen from her sick bed more frail ,and shadowy, than ever, looking like., some -mild, j/fairj-ydung state moved. ttie/ Abbess/to, sincere. pity., . She ; saw' that : the girl's;, life was .,, utterly wasted ; and blighted,'; that she had . been sprely deceived, and:was, doomed, to an .early. death, ..(She was a submissive, faithful,; gentle daughter,, of the Church, . and, against tier /not one , word could, be spoken.- . "She had, claim, .upon some,' tenderness and amelioration, of, a life, that was evidently, too hard.for.her. ./,'Coh|uiting with the, priests and the Bishop, .Mother Robart; con/dueled ; that /the best help for .Lilly, would be to allow, her , to, go out ,at times with some of; the elder Sisters :on errands of mercy.M She would become interested in the ,sibk ,and for .young: children, /making/ for, them delicacies suited to their condition /and articles of clothing, The change and the new. interest might, be, better for her than . medicine,, and would minister to. both, mind and body. ,, . . ; Thus/Lilly was permitted to go out with safe guides to designated localities— all far removed, from her early home— and gradually she grew a little , better/ A new,, unacknowledged hope had groym up in Lilly's heart, that ; in these hours outside, the . convent she might see/ lier mother— might beg her to come once in a while to speak with her at the con vent-door, or. failing in, that, she might, have one look . at tlie dear face, and, herself unseen, be assured of her; mother's health and comfort. /Unhappy, Lilly ! ' So the summer passed,, away. ' Grace was at Saratoga, Niagara, the Thousand Islands, the seaside, far away from Father Murphy, en joy- ing the society of Mrs. , Anthon, Agnes,' .and Richard, and others of her friends. A gloom fell over them sometimes when they thought of Mr. Wynford, who from city to city was seek ing his lost children, a prematurely old man. ' Here he would think he had a trace of Martin, they fled his coming. . Richard still believed Martin at the Belen, and Estelle hidden in that city graced by the Convent of the Immaculate Heart of Mary ; but Mr. Wynford had hunted there in vain. Lilly had now grown accustomed to leave the convent at times to labour among the sick. The Abbess felt lesB anxiety than formerly about these walks, and indeed congratulated herself . upon their good effect, the more as : Father Douay had' objected to the present course of action, and had advocated sending Lilly to Mother Ignatia. Mother Robart did not wish Mother. Tgnatia to be deemed a more : experienced trainer of young nuns than herself. : She secretly felt that Father Douay thought Ignatia a greater saint than herself, and was piqued thereby. She loved Lilly, and did not Want her. to die, and pointed triumphantly to her improvement, saying, "If she had gone to her dear sister Ignatia, she would have been in her coffin months ago." The Lord disposes all things as He will. After, all .these, days when Lilly had gone but with Saint Maria, Cecelia or Sophia, came the first, the only day that she was out alone. It was a warm day early in October. Lilly- went out with Saint Cecelia on a visit to an invalid. Farther from the convent a Catholic widow had just died, and Saint Cecelia was anxious to hasten to her house, to secure her children for the Catholic orphan asylnm! Lilly felt too faint to take the additional walk. "I will go back to the convent," she said. " I am very weak to-day." Cecelia left her, and she walked slowly toward the not distant convent. Her figure was bowed by ill-health, her' veil was dropped over, her , .face ' already nearly hidden by her large black bonnet. Little was this Sister Mary Anna like to Lilly of years ago. But the eye of love is keen, and good Hannah, passing that way, recognized her young mistress. She rushed: to her and caught her hand : \- " Oh; Miss Lilly, Miss Lilly, I must speak to you.' How sick and worn you look ! Itsoftens my . heart that was grown hard to you, < miss. But how could it ever be that them as was to you neither kith nor kin could ever set you against that blessed a.ngel, your mother !" That name unlocked Lilly's long-sealed lips. "Hannah," she- -exclaimed, "how is mv mother-?" ; " And- how is she, - Miss Lilly. ? . - How should she, be but well.?, dear saint ..that was; and: kind to mo, as if. -I , was of, her. own, blood. Do. you. ask , mp;.ko%8fieiis.;?;->rHasn|ti' she been in, 'glory these twelve, months ?";r % .,j:. i|' ' Hannah, " , gasped : Lilly,. clutching;, j the woman with both hands, " tell -me, is m u mother dead !" ./.,.// / "jls.she d!ead?:.,.To be sure,.Miss,Liiiy.; What else, should, she(bo/but dead after dying for, six long weeks,- lying; just.-at the. gate,' you- may say, and .could neither, getout .nor, in for, the 'longing to .see, yon? .Times, and; times ;did we send; praying you' just to. come- and .say one- good .word to her. parting soul, that, she; might, go, in peace, and; still; you,/ wouldn'ticome,-; and still ( 'she lingered: ,, Ah,, it , was a sad sight -to (see. y.How could you, ? ;how, could you , "/ Hannah, had no other thought than /that Lilly had despised her mother's dying, wish ; and she l'CcaHedjthe' painful incidents of Mrs. , Schuyler's 1 last days, her, heart, burned with .indignation; In her/excitement and ignorance she hurried on, unconscious what effect her communication, had' on the unfortunate nun beside her. r ' . /i ,, Lilly's heart had given a mighty: bound, at the first,; word which, revealed her 'mother's' death. Then it had laboured slowly and heavily, a chill creeping over, her ; but still her , one thought was to hear the -whole , of Hannah's/tale, , that somo one word .of comfort . might, be, gathered from it. ,. The noisy, jostling street was no place for such.a, conference..;- The stir; made her sick and dizzy. She forgot the convent and its rules. For her the world held now. but one person — that was Hannah, ;who had watched her mother's last, hours. , .'f Hannah,. I; cannot hear you in the street ; it:makes me sick. ,, Where cau l go that you. may tell me ?" , . , ; . ,; ?! My=, room," said ; Hannah; M-is in a little court not far. off. It is aquiet place ;, come there; Take, my .arm if .you -are .weak:" < . n<" Go.; I willr, come , after you," .said 'Lilly, with a vague .thought of Hannah's secular dress and, of exciting; attention . They proceeded in silence for . two squares, ..then came to.the narrow street or alley that led'to Hannah's home, and turned into it; Hannah, ; your - arm !" said. Lilly, ; gasping. "I shall 'fall." o ; . Hannah supported the thin, .trembling frame. A. memory, of the round, rosy, dimpled girl upon whom she had waited filled, her, with; tender pity.? ..This blanched, whithered; sobbing, nun was:sq;different frohi ..the soft,-eyed, light-footed girl! -, -til ti, V.'./c? '//:/:/ , Here's iny room, ";/said, -Hannah,! unlocking the/ door. ; - ", Thanks, , to , ,your, , mother,, it < is decent and the old lady .is, out'to/day-soM't' is empty for ,us...£.Here/s :?the,,?:big: rocking-chair; Miss Lilly.; - Here, ..let me. put .a stool to. your feet and fan yon. There,, you/re faint, my dear. The,conyent'hasruined.you,rniis3."i. "AVater, !"; groaned tiUy.;, ////,;///; . Hannah .brought, a/glass of, fresh -water, -,and stood/with, anxious , looks until,: Lilly, seemed a little revived.. jvi/tV, ... . Sit, down, Hannah,; , tell- me all ; when was it ? what was/the matter-? , what, did my mother say ?-; how did she feel ? .. Don' t . forget anything. " f :I, caai't forget— not. I," said Hannah. "The dear; lady. never, gave a/smile after she lost- you. Mr., Anthon; was a good friend to, her, and Mr. Richard y as like a son ;',but who could make up for yon as she doted on, miss ? She went into a consumption, and left, tlie house less and less, and she was that meek and gentle, praying and hearing the Bible and talking of religion., Don/t tell . me , of Saints and Sisters. I , know, your, mother was holier : than any of them. . , A true child of heaven was she, miss, and if ever a soul found rest, it was hers, that 1 know." , , Lilly's arm resting on the chair, her face being hidden in her handkerchief, and. she making no answer and giying ho, sign of, life , except by the slow /throbbing of her heart,, evident- through the folds of her black garb, Hannah went on : " She longed for you, miss. She could not die until she saw you. It's my belief that that longing held her here and kept her out of heaven a good month. We sent, over and over again,, to the convent, praying and begging for the love of mercy that you'd come just for one hour, but never an answer did we get. Nans, they tell us, are to visit the sick and the dying; but my dear mistress, as might have had some claim on a convent, might have died alone for. all them. Ah, Miss Lilly, she'd watch the door with such large eyes by. the hour, saying, ' Aaunah, she'll come — my only child — my poor Lilly.,? And then at night she d turn from the food I offered her that heartsick, and put her face to the wall and pray, miss, and all I d hear would be a sob and your name. Ah, my heart aches yet for them days. Why didn?t you come, Miss Lilly?" " Go on — go on," said Lilly. " ' Hannah,' says ,your mother to. me, miss, ' if ever you see my poor child, tell her I loved her to the en I, as she may never know. Tell her I prayed the Lord to bring her to heaven, but she must trnst in Jesus and nothing else. Tell her not to mourn over the past, but to see to it that she meets me in heaven.' That's what the kindest mother and mistress that ever breathed says to me, Miss Lilly, for you." A pause. Then Lilly impatiently motioned with her hand. "Well, the end came on, miss, and your cousin, Miss Grace, was not -like to live, and the nurse she was wore out, and Mrs. Anthon took Miss Agnes home. We had sent for you again that day, to the convent and to the priest, but you never came ; and as it grew night, miss, and she saw you were not coming, the tears rolled down your cheeks, and she being too weak, I wiped them away. Bless the Lord; who is more pitiful than men, that was. the last weeping she did. Mr. Richard came in to watch. She dozed a bit, and that minute she lost herself sleeping a little she would say your name. Ah me ! I cried like ajbaby, and Mr. Rick, he leaned over the foot of the bed watch ing her, and, big man as he is, when he saw how worn out and sharp her face was, and how her eyes were sank in her head, and her breath coming shorter every minute, and she sobbing in her sleep like a grieved child, he stood wiping away his tears fast enough. Well, miss, it's nearly all told now. It was just the turn of the night: says. I to Mr. Richard, 'If she lives. an hour, she'll live a day.' Just then she opened, her eyes, and pointed up, looking to Mr. Rick. Says he— I learned the verse after ward— 'And , God shall wipe away all: tears from their eyes : and there shall be no more death,; neither sorrow, nor crying ; neither shall there be any. more pain ; for the- former things are passed- away.' She smiled at that, but her smile had got to be as sad as other people's cry ing. . /Then she holds out her hands, as if groping/for. somebody in the dark. Says:I to myself, .'It's a hard lot to be the mother of a child and ask for it. in vain at the last./ Then she" says', half your name, and belike she never finished it, for she yas out of this; life the . next minute, ; and perhaps she found something better to say." . ;,/..,; /Hannah's f.tale ,- .was f ended. , She ;could> not know/- Lilly's unhappy., position, a,nd her heart was hard to the; poor nun., . Her ;hearer, sat, for some time , in the same attitude in which she had listehed- to, the .sad account. When: at' ; last she /lifted /her/ face; Hannah \vas terrified at her ' pallor/and , at' ./the. ; intense "agony, 'Written 6n/ey-'idiWnV-piiieh('/iliai>.//V«j()hl-'Mi8s Lilly, :,;Miss/' Lilly. !, I/ye broke your, poor' heart. Oh; miss, don't take', on so/ y.our mother left only 'her love hnd Messing. Miss;/ /that convent is clear -poison 'to/ you '//don't .you /go1 back. , .Bide here while' I'call Mr. 'RicHard, as will'put you in , yoifr own'3 /Koine / and j; gu.arji/.'-'yjo.u / -/firoiii'.-. all the priesfcs and nuns in thJconntry/'' f '/./" Help me down, stairs andithrough.the.alley, Hannah. ,It;.is time d/got back,j' said Lilly. .. "Oh, miss,". pi3r8uaded, Hannah, helping her , as she,was;bidden, '' aint't your heart sefc again tliem,' ancl isn't. ..y.our-. life ;just; eat /up, with.them? Do you go home a:nd bide there, and it is wicked Hannah that, -wiU work all her life to make up to 'you for breaking' tayou.suchsnews." . ; , , | ./Lilly made no, reply. , When they igot , to the street she .dropped :her veil, said, ."Good-bye, Hannah," and went slowly on her; way. . Han nah,, shading her , ey es., from the , rays' of < the setting ; sun, Jooked after her, wiping how and then a tear with; the corner of her api'on, and murmuring to ...herself, " Poor, ieeble young thing ! She's not long forthis/here /evil world. Why, why didn't:sie let-me go with, her to ,the jail /gate ? She ; looks' as if she'd drop down." 'en'iLaiy.Wfmrly. out , of sight, the,!,faithful seryant-woman returned to. her own, room. 1 , . (//As .for/ Lilly,: she felt herself in 'the -hands of her foes. She had been , /cruelly,, ;, bitterly deceived... Utter falsehoods had; been. told , her. The Abbess and Director had /been ; .false to ;lior in this ;matter— why . not /in .others ?: -Yet/ she was.a nun,/ and./the ,wide,vworld/qfl'ered:her. no hoino, but one/— she' had ; taken,. upon; her ,/a solemn, vow— orphan <inA : desolate, the ..Chui-ch her/only. pa,rent-/sOitb -tlie 0convent she./turaed her /tr'embUng./feefc. /. A, heavy . bio w- had f alien upon. her. /'Every word of .Hannah's; story .was burning in her/ . brain , like, . fire—her ,. ( dying mother ! , her deserted mother, ! , and then'; either her/mqtlier,. was lost or, herself , was on /.the- road to ruin. On, ; on, on; /she (tottered— the . cpnygnt was in sight—there, ,was , the, .gate — but, ,-,once within; what, should she do ?,, What should-she say- to those/iwho/had lied toilier,, and >yhq,had kept hei: from- her, mother's.dying, bod The last/step-rher . hand reached out to the latch— a /mist . swaim before- her5 eyes — theqeonvent seemed, ito reel and bow as in an 3arthquake— its// .windows,/, flashing , in, .the- sunlight;.- were whirling fires— the, echoes < of ..the .city .were as the surging.sea or..theirush,of- the , winds, through the, forests. ,, , , !t< > v ; A ; little, -later. rthere . was a. -loudj ring , at the convent'.door.:. : Some , passers-by . had found 'a nun lying- insensible , at /the t half open convent gate,.,, and yjere, bringing her into her., "home " r— tbe .bouse, j of . the . . Immaculate , ; Heart, | , of Mary.'./,;., i , w 1 1 , " ' ) 1 >. <> \- Saint Cecelia .shortlyrreturned,! and;i,told Mother Robart how sliehad parted with : ; Sister Mary ;Anna.. ////,,: ".She has bpen very long cpming. t-v- Slie'must have tested somewhere, and fainted at ,-,last from fatigue; " said the, Abbess,! and;.then pharply upbraided Saint Cecelia for, neglect and,orderecl her to her cell. ' ' " It was long before, under the utmost, care. Lilly revived. As she returned to conscious ness, the Abbess sent the others from her,, lest their presence should fatigue her, and herself, remained with her .favourite charge. " My dear daughter, you are very ill," she said, bending over the pallet of the poor little Sister. Lilly lifted her emaciated hand and- pushed the Abbess from her with what strength she had. "You have deceived me," she cried, gazing wildly at her. " My mother is dead ! and you told me she was alive and well !" "My child, you are dreaming,'.' .said the> Abbess, clasping her repelling hand. "No, no— you despised her dying, prayer — you deprived me of her blessing — she died, alone, in sorrow ;" and she strove to .withdraw her hand. , " . /'My daughter, this is a feverish fancy," said Mother liohart. " I.tjis bitter trutb. Let me go, Mother ; you have deceived me ; yes, when I trusted you. I have been one who stood where / should have been — at my mother's deathbed," sbe said, turning a, way with pitiful sobs. /;/.' The Superior was neither more nor less .than woman — a hard woman, but so is many .a one not an Abbess : in her heart she anathematized Saint Cecelia, and then she looked on Lilly with pity, greatly mixed with self-upbraiding. Here was happiness wrecked, a life untimely plighted, a perfect trust, alas ! most foully . betrayed./ The Abbess had loved this girl with what love she had — she loved her still. Anger she often felt, but now her eyes were wet with unaccus tomed tears. " My daughter, my daughter. I . have laboured for your good," she said. "In /all /the world you have no truer friend than I. YjBS, your mother is dead, but I loved you too well to break your heart by the news. It was the will of God. We must all die some time, my daughter. Complain not of Heaven. Address your prayers to those tender interceding saints who have tasted human sorrows, and have fieely offered you their aid." ' Lilly turned her. wild gaze to the Superior's face. ""'/' ' / "You, you and Father Murphy I have trusted as, I, ha/ve the saints. I. saw .you as God's holy, servants. You have deceived me— why will not the saints also?' Wliom ' ciiii I trust, to whom/can I go ?" , - " Hush, . daughter. We have laboured for your good, as/ we have had/ authority 'from Heaven. / .You are a child in knowledge and Cannot understand these things. All we have done is right arid/best : be humble,' yield your rebellious passions, your earthly love, and sub mit to the will of God and the decrees of y/our spiritual guides." , What, could Lilly do but submit ?. She was' a poor bruised feed whom Rome had utterly broken. / What power'of resistance was there in her ? As the weeks/ went by, she gathered enough strength feebly to mingle with the/other Sisters ; /.but her trust and confidence, were gone, , she.was quite bereft of hope, an apathy- crept over/ her,'- dull and listless she joined in hei' duties, (and/listened to the voices of others as/one. whose heart was dead'.within her. She grew to be such a tacit reproach to the Abbess that that .admirable woman was ready for/ any.- thing that should work a change. - . Father Douay urged again that Sister Mary Anna should be seufc to Mother Ignatia. The entire/change might be beneficial. The severe routine might wake her from private sorrow's all unworthy of a nun. Mother. Robart consented to her temporary removal.. Father Murphy was quite discouraged about her case. He ..did not see >what wjas for the best,.(and as she was no longei- a temporal interest, as the Church had her fortune secure, we may say truthfully that the Father', did not particularly care what course was taken for 'the short remainder of Lilly's life, -provided only she remained a Papist and a nun: Mother Robart and. Father r Douay might .make-'- her happy. or miserable in their own way. ' ; , ; . Sending .Lilly, , : to the House Without - a- Name was, giving - the spiritual, invalid too- violon't a remedy'.. What was . a (tonic— so > supposed — to Grace;, was a, poison to Lilly. , Here was ;a , new experience, a hardness, ' a severity, 1 an excitement, which -was positively horrible, to the sensitive, delicate young -nun. Mother Ignatia iipbraided her. new charge "with grieving , over . private sorrows and' cherishing . naturaLaffection, when she-ought to be bemoan ing | sin' and -expiating the follies' of -her life. Lilly withered away under .this, influence/ like some ..frail . flower . under the.: .fierce blasts /of winter., She,, became too feeble to leave/ her bed. Her mind appeared: ! utterly torpid; Mother Ignatia despaired, of -aiding j tier,/ and Mother/Rptiart, hearing- of- her. '.low state, Vhad heiv/'brought/.t home , to .the , Gonyent, /of' the Immaculate Heart to die. . / ' V ; ///jEat/Mora;, working for -Michael Sh'inn, '"drove , the carriage that removed, Lilly from the House jYittiput. a/Name, .and the honest fellow shed some tears oyer her miserable condition. ; !y i » ' i < (.To be continued. Jb 