Topics. VilKY likely it may never have occurred to the reader to form an estimate of the immense expenditure of energy and force involved in the struggle every day taking place between the producer and the consumer. Between produce]- and producer there is always the stimulus of competition, which reduces prices. Then comes the consumer to give another and more effective turn to the screw ; and the tendency of these combined forces is to cheaper the produce 01" labor as well as labor itself. But do we ever rjive a moment's thought to the question—How much genius, inventive power, manual skill, and labor are are alike j put under stress to create this cheapness s. ? 1 And further, have we properly remembered j that cheapness means suffering not to be measured alone by physicial pam, but often also by mental agony aud utter prostration. | Do we consider that whilst we cheapen a j f calico to a mice below its ! coat or a yard of calico to a price real value, thfit we are at the same time "•heapenin^ the labfcr that produced them ; that re are causing a loss somewhere ; that we are doing our best, to drag down 1 hat standard of wage and hours of service tliat, workmen Lave l'or years been striving to set up (though it must be confessed that they have fur the while been forgetful of the fact that no real and ell'ecLire barrier can lie set up against the tyrianno is mastery of Supply and Demand). Rut are we—who ask and expeel to receive just payment for ourselves, and have set up 011 our demonstration-banners the motto. '' A fair oay's pay for a fair day's work are we justified in our utter i'orgetfulucss of the Golden Rule to give a fair day's pay Tut a fair day's work. and. to "Do unto others as ye would be done by ?" Should we not stand up for the rights of our order, setting our face, sternly aeainst mete cheapness when we know that it means cruelty and injustice to some brother toiler ? Then there are other good grounds for opposing mere cheapness. It has by common consent and experience obtained a twin-sister — Hastiness. The familiar phrase is significant. "cheap and nasty !" In other method of expression—the incessant ellort after cheapness has spurred Invention, until she with boundless fertility and facility produces her millions of shams and seemings, and a wondrous gloss and glitter that deceives only the most ignorant and thoughtless. The great lesson conveyed to the people, all to ready to reeeivc it, is that they may make a go id appearance but be untrue and unreliable. So cheapening has created shoddy : and shoddy has found its way into everything, into our social system as well as into our army blanket, into ouj' life, habit, thought, and belief as well as: into our broadcloth ; into our dealings with each other as well as into almost every description of textile fabric thai our manufacturers produce ; and it has also found its way info our literature to an alarming extent, into our art criticisms, notably our dramas, into our lectures, our platform utterances, our benevolent institutions, and into our subscription lists perhaps above all things. Under the inlluences proceeding from the tendency to cheapen and allure by false glare the public sentiment and opinion has undergone demoralization ; and we begin to look with great yearning for a restoration of the real, the iionest, and the genuine, to overturn and destroy the rotten system which is more and more entangling the people in its corrupting embraces every day and every hour. ~ jj-^- /Java you tried the Anuriaia CaUcM* Unquestionably the best value in the •iiLil.rlxt lo be had in ecen/ number at Jlashnn s. THE Conncil has laid the ghost of Mr. John_ Hance's grievance at last, aud we hope for ever by deciding by an overwhelming majority that he had 110 claim in justice or equity. Sir Henry Ayers uttered the exorcisms on the occasion, and the caldron was pretty well tilled with items that must have put a perfect spell upon the petitioner. 1 he f-.ct appears to be that Mr. llance somewhat over-reached himself when attempting to make a good thing out of the Government, and got thrown. HE Victorian Parliament is'very useful to his colony J in many J respects, and not the least measure of its value is its example. \Ye au if we please piofit its e x I, e n m e n t s Uli mistakes, " avoiding the evil and choosing the good." I11 the Legislative Council ^ ^ colony a movement has been commenced for the repeal of the Payment of Mem tiers Bill. The Electoral Bill the pro posed prohibition of dual voLing and holding election meetings iu public houses between the days of nomination and polling, was rejected. We thoroughly believe that the passing of the last-mentioned clause would have been attended with many advantages, aud would have strengthened the hands of those who aim at political purity—quite as much needed in Victoria as in other places. BENEVOLENT people have been greatly exerercised in their m;nds at the rapid decrease of the numbers of aboriginals left to us in this colony, and the subject has excited a great deal of attention elsewhere. A contemporary recently remarked—There is no necessary relation between civilization and aboriginal retrogression. The influence ought to be beneficial, and it frequently is so. I11 South Africa, for instance, tlie lvafiirs are increasing in numbers and in welfare. Mr. Whitmer, of Samoa, has adduced several in- stances of rapid increase among the natives of the South Sea Islands, the consequence, appaicully, of the stoppage of local wars, the abolition of human sacrifices, the cessation of infanticide, the discontinuance of cannibalism. and diminished fatality from famines. lie points out, too, with much show of reason, that the evidence adduced in proof of the diminution oi native tribes is often fallacious, being based 011 exaggerated estimates of the populousness of particular districts, usually arrived at by as-uming that the density of the population on the sea costs and the banks of 'rivers is continuous throughout the back country. The Chief maleficent influences art; the introduction of epidemic and contagious dis'-a«es. and the acquirement of habits of intemperance in drink. These evils of course rnav lie obviated or miLigated wherever an intelligent system of surveillance can be maintained ; but something more is wanted. If we inquire into the conditions under which thriving indigenous communities exist, it will be found that they have all made some progress in agriculture, while I believe there is not an instance 011 record of any tribe of men hunters surviving the incursion of civilised races. 'These should thus be hope of survival for the Africans. and in a lesser degree for the Polynesians, who hare 110 game to exterminate, and none at all for the Australians, who are wholly dependent 011 the chase. THKUE can be no poorer trading transaction than buying a conceited fellow at his own price ! Lately a anoint undertook lo prepare an accurate estimate of the intrinsic value of a human being : that is to say, his labor worth : and he even lixed an approximate value upon young children, as being likely to become possessed of BO much vital power, bone, and muscle, which would yield a certain sum of labor. This is, however, one of the most unsatisfactory estimates of value we have ever seen : it gruages a man 011 the same basis as that by which a steam-engine is measured, and leaves out of sight all the complicated and intricate parts ol the human' machine—iLs passions and emotions, its capacities for enjoyment and for Buffering, he'-here and hereafter'' of its existence. Not much better are they who guage the limits of life by the mere animal pleasures which they can cornpas.-, who " live to eat " rather than " eat to live." and who wallow and swill rather than walk and drink. Most men know their own value tolerably well, and when we see a man descend to the lowest level which animal na'ure knows, and deliberately deserts his manliness, would it (strictly apeaking) be unfair to treat him according to his own estimate of what he is wulth ? 