AN ACTRESS. RESPONDING. Mrs. Stirling, who, until she retired, was perhaps the most popular actress on the English stage, thus humourously returned thanks for the toast of her health, which was drunk at the Dra matic Fund Festival, held at Willis's Rooms on Ash Wednesday. Mrs. Stirling, on rising to re ply, was loudly cheered. She said : — There was once — nay, I am happy to say there has been twice, in London a man, an American, called Jefferson. I don't mean the Jefferson who was President of the United States, but the Jefferson, better known by his original name of Rip Van Winkle. If that illustrious Rip, some twenty years ago, had attended at this dinner, and had been driven by the two loud tongue of his thrifty wife out of his room because he insisted on giv ing too much to this Dramatic and Equestrian Sick Fund — as, of course, that reckless and de lightful dog would have been sure to do — and, failing the Catskill Mountains, had wandered forth into St. James's Park, and there, after a carouse with the ghost of Hendrik Hudson, had slept a sleep of twenty years, and thence been awakened by some bobby of the future and told to "move on" like poor Joe, whatchanges would have met his eye ! At Westminster, where he remembers a squalid fringe of tumbledown hovels and mudbanks, a stately hospital stares a still more stately House of Parliament in the face, the poor patients from the galleries of the one comfortably contemplating the wealthier patients on the terrace of the other. Really, one hardly knows which phase of suffering is the more worthy of our sympathy, that of the un happy subjects of St. Thomas's surgery, or of St. Stephen's eloquence. (Laughter.) The original Stephen was the first of martyrs ; now he takes it out by inflicting martyrdom. (Renewed Laughter.) He would find the dingy old man sion of the great Marlborough less enlivened by new red brick than by the presence of a beloved princess, and he would have seen her children on the look-out for papa, who is coming home with a tiger under each arm and an elephant in his pocket and a large bale of pigskins. (Laughter and cheers.) In Trafalgar-square he would see Landseer's lions not merely in their places, but with their necks and backs worn smooth by the rough riding they have had in vindication of the indefeasible Birtish right of public meeting. (Laughter.) Then, what a host of new theatres — two out of three of them, I am told, doing an immense legitimate business, and, ten to one, an Othello — (cheers) — in full blast inside them. Other novelties would perplex the wandering Rip — skating rinks, spelling-bees, &c.; But there is one thing in which Rip would have found no change. If he left me in Willis's Rooms return ing thanks for the ladies and pleading the cause of this fund he would have found me, after his twenty years' sleep, at the same work still — (cheers) — like the daughter of the horseleech, uttering my annual cry of " Give, give, give !" a cry that I must utter — (cheers)-monotonous and melancholy as it may be, so long as our profes sion continues so pre-eminently a precarious one, divided, too often, alas ! unequally between prosperity and disappointment, with their still sadder concomitants — destitution, sickness, and death. But it is needless to sadden myself or you with this oft-told tale of need. You know now real and widespread the need is ; you will give to its relief to-night, as you have always given, liberally. Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, you have drunk my health as the mouthpiece of my sister artists, for which I thank you. As I be gan with Rip, I will end with him, and so, " Here is your very good helts, unt your family's, unt may they live long unt prosper." (Loud cheers.) 