WESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETING. SOUTHERN DISTRICT. First Da*: Tuesday, Octobeb 17. Tie annual meeting <of the ministers belonging 'to the Southern District of the South Australian Conference, was coafmenced in the Schoolroom •A the Piricstredt Church, on Tuesday, October 17\. The-Rev. W. P. Wells, President of the 'Conference, occupied the chair; and all the ministers >of the District were present with the exception of the Revs. A. Stnbbs, of Mount Gambi^r, J. H. Trevorrow, of Port Lincoln, and A. J. Bogle, of the Northern Territory, to whom a dispensation was granted on account of distance. The following were the elections for District officials, via,:—Rev. J. B. Stophensen, Secretary; the Rev. J, Nicholson, Assistant Seorctary.; and the R«jv. Haslam, Journal -Secretary. The hours of session and come other preliminary business were arranged, and a cordial vote of thanks presented to tbe Rev. H. T. Burges3 for his sei vices as Secretary tf the Bistrict during the past je&r.; The ChaibhaK briefly addressed the meeting, expressing his pleasure on meeting the brethren, and gratitude that they -had been preserved to labour for God through another year. He hoped the District Meeting would be one of great spiritual profit. They were met not only for the purpose of tabulating statements as to what had been d-ooe, but also to encourage each other in their arduous work. It would be strange indeed if a -number or ministers met for three or four <days -consecutively without doing each other good. In their discussions everything *.hat would be likely to chafe or irritate ought to be curefuily avoided. During the previous year they had passed through widely- differing experiences. Home had to contend with sore discouragement, others had the joy of success. Their fraternal sympathy would be mutually helpful. They -would do well to remember that thej met as Methodist preachers. The doctrines they preached should be matters of personal experience. It was important to retain the witness of the Spirit, and to keep itB evidence clear and strong. The happiness of the meeting, their own usefulness, and their future strength would be largely increased by their securing a freth- and entire consecration to God. They needed, as-a personal enjoyment, the promised baptism of the Holy Ghost. He hoped there would be diligence and earnestness in their devotions as well as in conducting the business they bad met to transact. At a later stage of the meeting the Ghaieman cordially -welcomed the Rev. C. Lane, from Victoria, and T. C. Lsturance, from Western Australia, who had arrived in the District since the last Conference. He assured them of the goodwill and affection of their brother ministers, and hoped their labours would be abundantly blessed of.God. Both the above-named ministers suitably responded to the Chairmau'e.greeting. The regular routine of business was then proceeded with. With the exception • of-the Kev. M. Wilson, whose decease took place at the last Conference, LO minister had died during th9 year, and no case of discipline had occurred. The usual questions as to moral and religious character were satisfactorily answered. On the question of ministers becoming supernumeraries the Kev. T. C. Laurence spoke of his needing assistance in the extensive circuit of Mount Barker, as he feared his strength was insufficient for the amount of travelling which it required, but he did not press his request to' be made a supernumerary. The case of the Rev. T. Raston was considered with a view to his returning to the active work, but on his representing himself as unequal to the duties of a circuit the matter WSP allowed to drop. A conversation took place on the propriety of supernumeraries engaging in secular pursuits, the general feeling appearing to be that such energy as they possessed should be devoted to the service of the Church. The name of a candidate for the ministry from the Pirie-street Circuit was introduced by the Rev. 8. Knight, but as he had not been brought before the quarterly meeting of the Circuit, it was decided that no definite action should be taken. Should the nomination of the candidate be approved of by the December quarterly meeting the necessary examination might then be arranged for prior to tbe Conference. It was arranged for the examinations of a candidate from the North Adelaide Circuit and of a probationer to take plaoe on Thursday. The Chairman gave an account of the corre- spondence which had passed between himself and the Rev. J. Bickford relative to ebtaining ministers from England. In consequenoe of the difficulty of securing suitable supplies from the ministerial ranks, he had requested Mr. Bickford to endeavour to induce one or more young men, in whom confidence oould be placed, to emigrate with the view of joining the colonial ministry. Mr. Bickford bad apparently succeeded in two cases, and there was a probability that a third negotiation would be sati6fatorily concluded. A conversation took place on the status which these expected eoncessions would possess, and the necessary steps to be taken for regularly connecting them with the Conference. No definite information was available, but it was understood that the whoU arrangements were rendered necessary by the emergency, and that the President and ex- President were justified in their action. Reports of a satisfactory character as to the students connected with the branch of the Provincial Theological Inctitution in the District were presented by the Chairman. Both the students at Prince Alfred College had passed the recent matriculation examination of the Adelaide University with great credit. Mr. T. E. Thomas, who has been attending the lectures at the Melbourne University, was expected shortly to take his degree and to return to the oolony with a view to entering immediately on circuit work. An animated discussion took place with reference to the undesirability of young men connected with the Theological Institution engaging in studies which interfered with their direct theological training. Mr. Newman regarded the latter as being by far the most important work, and one which ought not to be set aside on any account. Mr. Haslam said the question was most serious. There was great inconsistency in a readiness to overturn certain rules to meet the exigencies «f .circuits, while at the same time candidates .wore left unemployed that they might pursue studies which bad no bearing on their special work. Mr. Ehight argued that there was no intention to forego theological training. A University course involved the highest kind of intellectual discipline. It was like mental calistheniee. Even supposing theological reading to be suspended for a while, the increased mental power which the students thereby acquired would eventually enable them to deal with it far more vigorously effectively. Any honours they might gaiu would . be their achievement, aud would do service both to themselves and the Church. Messrs. Bubgess, and Lame, the CHimrAX, and. others took part in the conversation. Too prevailing opinion appeared to be that however valuable'other studies might be, it was of the utmost importance that the theological traioiug of candidates for the ministry should be strictly adhered to. The following resolution was unanimously adopted:—"That this District Meeting has heard with pleasure of the diligence aud success with which the students have prosecuted their .studies during the year." It was arranged that notices of motion relating to tbe ensuing Conference should be handed in on Thursday morning. The next District meeting was appointed to be held at Pirie- streei Church on the third Tuesday in October, 1877. Poet Local Codet.—A few unsitis£ed judgments were disposed of on Tuesday, October 17. at the Local Court, Port Adelaide, by Mr. G. f. Dasbwood, S M. In one case, where tb6 defendant was fined 40s. fcr noL-attend&nce; on a subpoena, a discussion arose between Mr. Edmunds, who represented the plaintiff, and His Worehip aa to the power under the Justices Aet to '.'oicrcit a defendant to p-ison fomoa- complianca with tuch an oro'er. It was stated to be the practice of the Adelaide Local Court to order imprisonment ia default of payment. Tite special Magistrate, however, in making the order left it open for tho plaintiff, if necessary, to enfao obedionce to the same by oth3r proceedirgs. £9? We are requested by J. Jaekraau, 48 and 50, Wiiliam-strest, Adc-laide, to inform Vi.-itws from the country and tbe Public that Lhe aUsratione art? now com-,,l«(:e-i, consisting of a Gentlemen's Coraoiereial Dining-room (upstair. 1 :), .ubo a sepiiiate fV>om f.^r Ladies oniy i'upbtair^), li'-teo up la th« iakst etyle. Opened from 7 a.m. to S p.m. ?10inwfo *The Cabasdini Cokcebts.—The attendance at the Eecond concert given by Madame Carandini on Tuesday evening, in White's Rooms, was nearly if not quite as large as on the opening night, and the audience were equally profuse in their demonstrations. The hearty applause which followed tbe several pieces must have convinced the company that the Adelaideans -of to-day are as capable of appreciating art merit as they ever were. And this must have also had a reflex influence in stimulating the performers to exert themselves to the utmost to gratify their patrons. Madame Carandini herself always sings with so much apparent ease and pleasure that a sympathetic feeling is created between her and her audience from her first appearance upon the platform to the finale. On Tuesday evening there were scarcely any traces of her recent indisposition. Her singing was superb, especially in her rendering of Millard's fine declamatory song " Waiting," wiiich was enthusiastically encore£ It was not, however, repeated. Mr. Sherwin znade an apology, stating that Madame had not sufficiently recovered from her cold. The artist no doubt -regards it as a -compliment to be recalled, "but the practice of persistently demanding a repetition of one-half of the programme is scarcely just to any company that provides a 'bill of fare sufficiently ample to meet the requirements of all reasonable guests. Musical gourmands should endeavour to restrain their appetites in consideration of these who are moderate in their tastes and less exacting in their demands. Miss St. Clair sang with a great deal of taste, both in solo and concerted pieces, and was two or three times recalled. In response to an encore of "II Segreto," she favoured the audience with " The Golden Days." Mr. Bucke was in splendid voice. During the evening he s&Eg; in the original Molique's elegant song, " Eonnt 'ich dutch Raame fliehen" with more subdued feeling than we had expected. Several concerted pieces were given by the company; Mendelssohn's quartette, " Farewell to the Forest," was a comparative failure; the voices did not blend so nicely as could be wished. Curschmann'8 sweet trio,"The Violet," was sung by Madame Caran dini, Miss St. Clair, and Mr. Sherwin very tastefully, and narrowly escaped a redemand. Perhaps the most artistic piece of vocalization during the evening was the celebrated duet -"Mira, di acerbe." It will be remembered as forming one of the last scenes in "H Trovatere," in which Leonora entreats the Count with "bitter tears" to spare Manrico's life. It was rendered by Madame Carandini and Mr. Bucke with spirit-stiriug effect. It however did sot appear to be so fully appreciated as some other pieces. Thus the ever-welcome duet from " Maritani," "Sainted Mother," as sung by Madame Carandini and Miss St. Clair, was heard with rapt attention, and elicited warm applause. Miss Temme Carandini, the youthful debutante referred to in yesterday's Register, rendered the pretty song "Ahl how delightful" with so much artless grace and unaffected simplicity as to call forth a very hearty and spontaneous encore. It should be mentioned that Mr. Landergan opened the entertainment with a skilful performance of the overture to " Tancredi," and that he and Mrs. W. F. Bucke added muoh to the success of the concert as pianists. This evening aaother change of programme has been arranged, including a very choice selection of operatic aud ballad music. North Adelaide CongbegationaIiCehjbch.— The anniversary of the chief and branch schools of this Church was celebrated on Tuesday evening, October 17, bya public meeting and distribution of prizes. The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., gave an address on the objects of the school, and explained that the Young Christians' Union connected with the school was not, as it had been misrepresented, a "Children's Church," but consisted of the elder scholars who had manifested a love for Christ, and who it was intended to draft into the Church when they were prepared, Mr. FroBt reported that the chief school was in a flourishing condition. The membership numbered 435, and there had been an increase during the year of 20 scholars, with an average attendance of about 300. There were 39 officers and teachers, and their average attendance was about 31. The sum raised by the Juvenile Missionary Society amounted to nearly £260, being at the rate of 10a. per scholar for the two schools. The Students' Class had been relinquished, owing to a want of interest shown by the scholars. Frotn the Sunday-school fifteen scholars had been re- ceived into the Church as members. The Flora Society was in a healthy condition, and had commenced supplying bouquets to the Adelaide Hospital, which were gratefully received. Mr., Pratt reported that there had been a decrease of ten in the membership of the branch school, owing to transfers having taken place to the chief school and other causes; but since the report was made out there had beenfoar accessions, which left the total number of- sehoiars at 98\. They had -eleven teachers as against eight at tbe beginning of the year, and the school was in an efficient state. Mr. A. Gore delivered an address on "Sunday-School Work," and Mr. Fry reported that the Young Christians' Union was in its third year of existence, and in a vigorous state. There was a large attendance of scholars, their parents, and friends. South Ausebalia in England.—It may be interesting to cricketers in Adelaide, and particularly those connected with the N.A.Y.M.'s Club, to leam that Mr. A. E. Wigg, a former member of that Club, who is now studying medicine at the Lor- don University College, while distinguishing himself in his studies, has also taken a prominent position in the 'College Cricket Club. He only played in two matches last season—the first against Carlton Hill, when the College were beaten. He went in third from last, and ssored 9 not out. He went on to bowl late, and got the last four wiokets in seven overs. The second match was agunat Grimstead, a Sussex Club, who had three of the Sussex county professionals to do battle for them — namely, Absolom, Charlwood, and Pooley—but notwithstanding that the College beat them easily. The College captain, Francis, one of the prettiest bats he had seen, made 87 not out without giving a chance. Blaxland, a young fellow from New South Wales, made the second score, and he the third, 27, when he was caught at leg. He did not bowl in this match, as the first two bowlers who went on did so well that a change was not required. Blaxland was ons of them. He (Wigg) made three catches at square log. He had witnessed some of the grand matches at Lords, and in the match Gentlemen v. Players, at Kensington Oval saw W. G. Grase bowled for 0 by Emmett, but the best playing in the match was by Daft and Jupp. Wigg had gone in for the class examinations in practical chemistry and materia medica, open to all in the College up to fourth-years men. Wigg, although only a year in the College, gained the 8th certificate for chemistry out of some 400 competitors, and the third certificate in materia medica. When the last mail left he was walking the Hospital, and had been appointed Clerical Secretary to Sir W. Jenner. Young Wigg is a son of Mr. E. S. Wigg, of Adelaide. Tipaba Lighthouse.—During the prevalence of tbe heavy weather a few days ago, says the Y. P. Advertiser of October 17, the preparatory erections for constructing this lighthouse were washed away. Since that time Me. Cheesewright (the representative of the contractor, Mr. \- George Wells) has succeeded in getting half the staying fixed, and if fine weather continues the remainder of that portion of the preliminaries will be carried on to a completion very rapidly. The steam-launch employed in the conveyance of -the working party and materials for the Tipara Lighthouse is doing its work very satisfactorily. She is described as very " lively/' but is good as a sea-boat, and with a little lengthening would attain a good steaming speed. Sebicus Result of a Schoolboys' Quabbel. —During a quarrel at Surry Hills, Sydney, between-some schoolboys, a boy named Samuel Heary ScanweU, aged 13 years, was struck with a bottle by Albert Dumbrill, a lad bigger than himself. The bottle struck Scanwell in the face, and completely cut out ono eye. The poor boy is thus partially blinded for life.—Sydney Morning Merali, Tee Nobteebn Railway Accident. — A return has beea laid on the table of the House of Assembly showing the expenses occasioned by the accideDt at Peake's Crossing on February 1,876. From this it appears that the wages of mechanics and others in clearing the lins amounted to £810 -2s. 10d.; the sum of £o!7 2s. lOd. had to be paid for building a bridge; the repair of the embankment cost £16 4s.; and the expense of repairing the roiling-stook— a work which its cot yot completed—1*3 estimated at £1,607 7s. Id. The total is £3,050 17s, 31. 