Pastoral Items. A fine lot of 800 cattle, the property of Mr. 1 Adams, passed Surat recently, going to Port Cooper, 800 more will soon follow, also a large mob of horses. At Y,i33 since the rain the young grass, notwith standing tho frosts, is making rapid headway. Tho ground in many places is now fit for the plough, and farmers are busily at work breaking up their paddocks, and preparing for next season's crops. A dozen prize bulls, the property of Mr. Dou gall, left Melbourne on tho 10th instant for Sydney in tho Macedon, under tho caro of their propriotor who intends exhibiting them at the forthcoming show there. The Braid wood Dispatch says : -We feel a pleasure in announcing tho departure on Saturday Inst of two i hundred head of aB fine fat cattlo as over loft this dis trict. They were under the charge of Mr. William Gil ligan of .Tembaieuiubene, and woro purchased from llobort Maddrell Esq., J.P., of Bedervnle, As illustrating the losses which some stock owners aro Bullering in consequence of tho long con tinued dry weather, tho Forbes Times mentions on reliable authority that five hundred sheep were offered near Coboudry for ono shilling a head. Another in formant assures us that tho noses of sheep in many instances aro so soro from continued short picking that they aro incapable of feeding. Speaking of tho arrival of the heifers from Iho Wollogorang station of Mr. Chisholm, of Goulburn, a Maryborough paper says :-They uro fino specimens of that herd, and will provo a decided acquisition to tho pure-bred stock of this district. Wc regret to learn that since their arrival ono of their number has died from internal injuries supposed to have been received in transit by railroad from Goulburn to Sydney. A Hock of 4000 sheep, Seville's from Brittan's stations, near Walgett, passed Coonamble on tho 3rd instant for Sydney. These wero fat on leaving station, but wasting fast, having had no water for four days, and very little feed. Great numbers of wild horses aro perishing in that district through tho water holes and clams being nearly all fenced. Several station holders aro taking tho present opportunity to rid themselves of these pests by shooting them. A correspondent at Kunopia, Barwon River writ- ' ing to tho Maitland Mercury says:-Mr. Parnell, of Welbondonga, is about improving his sheep by a sup ply of half-bred rams, which I hear have arrived. Messrs. Wyndham, of Boronga, have lately sold about 2300 fat owes, in fair condition, and they have started on their journey to thc north (Dalby, in Queensland) ; Tho wiring of Messrs. Wyndham's run is progressing now rapidly, and will include nearly the wholo of Boronga station. Welbondonga sheep, or many of them, aro still on the road, and will not probably return till they have a greater abundance of water. The stock movements at Jerry's Plains, for tho week ending 10th April, were as follow :- 3rd April; 200 fat sheep from Gunny warildi to Sydney ; owner Mr. Sloper Cox, in charge of Mr. Wm. Taylor. 4th-18S fat cattlo from Merriwa to Sydney ; in chargo of their owner. Mr. J. Cruikshank. 5th-214 well bred cows and'heifers from, Tycannah to Lochnivar ; owner Mr. J. Pearse, in charge of Mr. J. Hopkins. 0th-192 fat cattlo ' from Millio to Singleton ; ownex's, Messrs. Dangar,Brs., in chargo of Mr. William Gillott. 9th-2000 fut sheep from Bando to Sydney, owner Mr. White; in chargo of Mr. William Goe. 10th-73 fat cattle, from Hall's to Maitland; owner, Mr. James Peberdy, in charge of Mr.- '?< E. Merrick. ..y - At tho last monthly meeting of the Upper .*' Hunter Pastoral and Agricultural Association, tho Treasurer reported that there remained .a credit balance at tho bank of £221 14s, which, when aug- '.? meuted by thc Government subs'dy, would be sufficient to jjay nil liabilities and leave something to tho good. Tho prizes won. at tho last show aro to bo paid over forthwith, winners of cups to have tho option of re ceiving a money equivalent. Messrs. Hardy Brothers, of Sycluoy, aro to make the various trophies. On the motion of Mr. Hungerford it was resolved to trench tho ground for the purpose of tree- planting. The drought appears now (says the liorbcs Timer, of Saturday) to have been effectually broken; on Wednesday evening it commenced to rain steadily, and continued with but little intermission.for about twenty hours. Even -jiow it looks as though more would speedily follow, and although a vast amount of good will accruo from what has fallen, there is a generally expressed desire for more. In fact it seons as though, wo could hardly have enough of it, yet with tanks and dams full, and grass growing as fast as it can for tho time of tho year, wo have certainly got all wc can rea sonably expect. Intelligcnccfrom many correspondents between tho Lachlan and Bogan informs us that they got tho rain we had ten days ago, and it is to bc hopeil they got that of Wednesday as well. At all events, w o j hear more cheering nows from all quarters, nnd if ti>t> frosts hold off, there will yet bo au abundr.i: io of winter feed. All the travelling sheep have gino bude to their own quarters, and tlie next movements we may expect will be those coming on for market. Ai'iMiovED CLAIMS FOU ILVI>I:FINJ;D PKK-F.MV TIVE lliuUTH.-It is notified that claims for pre-emptive leases havo been made by tho persons enumerated in the subjoined list, in right of tho several portions of land therein referred to, and have been approve»I subject to the conditions set forth in thc Act:-Albury, Samuel Dudgen, Brirg.'fc Keogh, Edward Keogh, James Keogh, John Peard. Bathurst, John Bailey, John Ryan. Berrima. T. Blencowo. Bom bala, James Yields, jun. Cooma, Edwin Kyull, John Crawford. Corowa, Thomas Gilchrist. Forbes, James Venables, William Davis. Gundagai, Thomas Stafford, Patrick T. Burke, Henry Staggs, ltoberb A. Haxlott. Moama, Edmund O'Connell, Ellen Young. Molong, Henry Newton, Charles Newton, William Cudden, James Cudden, sen. Mudgee, Francis M'Grath. Mat thew Fitzpatrick, jun., George Hosking. Murrurundi Joseph Delandro. Singleton. Waller A. M'Dougall, Tamworth, George Fogarty, Mary S. Smith. Wagga. "Wagga, Samuel C. Heise. Young, Daniel Kite, Eliza beth M. Molloy Patrick Bergin, John Robinson, jun. The Wagga Wagga Advertiser says that th« weather during the past week in this district has been in tho main dry, with a few threatenings of rain, the fall being so light that it was scarcely sufficient to lay the dust. From our telegrams it will be seen that in formation has been receivod in Sydnoy, showiug that heavy rain had fallen over nearly tho wholo colony. A correspondent from Hillston, states that there has been heavy rain at Cobar, Priory, Gilgunnia, and tho back blocks north from Hillston have been visited with heavy rain. The business of tho Wagga market has been very light for the past week, tho following being the only sales reported:-Messrs. Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co. report tbo sale of a small draft of cown, for Mr. J. Hand, of Oura ; 311 wethers on account of Mr. J. J. Fennell, of Wattibory ; two teams (28) working bullocks, for Messrs. Needham and Heed, and 2500 two tooth wethers for Mr. E. Lowo, of Ariah station, to Messrs. Huon aud Collins, of North Bolero. Messrs. Oliver and Tomp3on have sold, for acco>mt for Mr. Jamos Little, his Bcnt's-hill station, in the Lachlan district, with 4030 sheep, to Mr. Thomas, of Kilmoro. Tho Deniliquin Chronicle mpovts:- The only . fat stock proceeding through here for market have been a mob of fat cattle, 150 Hanlon's, which went by on Tuesday for either Echuca or Sandhurst. The other crossings havo been store sh^ep, which passeil north wards. On Tuesday, 3000, Cameron's, from Tooran gabby, for Moulamein ; 800 ditto for Walker, Conargo ; 200 for Tolan; and 059 for Ballantyne, of Tocumwal. I Wo hear of very fow sheep being on tho road. On the 2nd, 2000 of Darlot's left tho station. Nono were re ported ns crossing at Hay last wock down t<> the 5th. Pleasant rains aro reported at Balranald, Hay, and Hillston, and travelled sheep aro reported having re turned to back blocks. On the wholo, stock aro said j not to bo so bad, as feod was vory good a milo off tho | frontages; all that was wanted, winch has now come, was water. In local business, Mr. Mann reports a good attendance at his last monthly Rale; demand for fat cattlo is not great, owing to butchers boiug supplied; light weighted steers roached to £7, and cow» to £7 2s Cd. Ho also reports selling 800 sheep to Mr. W. O. Walker; 200 to Mr. John Tolan ; and GOO to Mr. Ballantyne (selectors), on ac count of Mathoura station. Though unable to prosont a mr-ro favourable re port of pastoral matters for the past week, feed being, as a rule, absent from too many runs, we, says tho Nar rabri Herald, tiro onabled to unnounco a change in the weather that should have a most beneficial effect. Last winter this side of the country was not so badly off for feed, tho supply of nativo clover having beon full, and the rains then did not sot in until a fortnight later than they havo now done. It would, doubtless, bo premature as yet to speak with any certainty as to tho prospects for the future, but so far everything would warrant tho conclusion that tho drought had broken up and better times were before us. It is earnestly to be hoped that such may bo tho case. Nono engaged in business of any description caro to make too much parado of their losses, but it is unquestionable that very many largo and small owners of stock have suffered so severely that recovery, in all cases a tedious T>rocesB, must in some provo hopeless. Could tho dcath rato of stock of all classes bo correctly ascertained, it woidd astonish oven Mr Buchanan. In proof of this wo aro reliably informed that in many parts ovon tho kangaroo tribe aro lying dead in- numbers, and tho survivors aro mero bags of bones with only tho ghost of a Lop left in them. Passings, ns may bo supposed, aro not plentiful. On Saturday a mob of between fifty and sixty horses for tho Palmer slipped through quietly, giving no particulars. 180 fat beasts, S. IToskisxon's, from Corah, Boodle in charge, carno in to Molly this evening; thoy aro to bo supplemented by a score moro off that station, and proceed to Sydnoy. To-morrow, Thursday, about 1500 head of storos will leave Molly for Gerah in chargo of James Skuthorpe No other items to hand. Matters, says tho Hay Standard, havo not yot resumed their wonted activity in this district. The rainfall has put an end, for tho present, to the wander ings of many Hocks, which have turned their faces homeward, and thin will give the food on tho frontages a chance to revive. Heavy rain fell on part of Burra bogie run, during tho week, but none in our immediate vicinity. Cheering intelligence comos from tho back blocks lying between the Lachlan and tho Darling ; serviceable showers were of frequent occurrenco, mid all tanks and siirfaco wolls had been replenished. 4020 fat shoop havo started from Boondara, forMelbourno.E. Shoridan in chargo, and will probably crossat Hay during the coming week. A mob of fn*¡ cattlo, numbering 228 head, crossedjit the ford above tho Hay bridge, yester day; they aro Mr. John rotors', from Wnlgears station, Lachlan river, Mahaffy in charge, and aro intended for tho Sandhurst market of the 2nd May. 10,000 store shoop passed down on the second bank of tho river yesterday, from American yards, Tumborumba, travel ling to the Darling, via Balranald ; Holmes, Wright, and Co., owners. The sale of Messrs. B. Chirnside aud Co.'s Eurugubah or South Thononga station, has been completed, Messrs. Bussell and Co. being the new pro prietors; It is rumoured that Claro station, tho property of the Hon. William Campbell, is sold; no purchaser named. Satisfactory delivery of tho Wardry runs was given to the now owners,, Messrs. Mills and Neillson, on tho 1st instant. Our Hillston correspondent furnishes us with tho following itoms : - 4600 store wethers, from Wagga, belonging to Messrs. J. and R. Clarke, owners in charge, passed Hillston ou tho 3rd, for the Lower Darling. 4500 wethers, belongiug to J. E. Pearce, passed Hillston on tho 6th, for his station, thero being plenty of feed and water thereon since thc rain. 5G00 mixod sheep, bolonging tn Messrs. W. and D. Kenny, passed Hillston on tho 7th, Mr. T. S. Middleton in chargo, en route to Nuuthurungio station, Darling Uiver. 7000 breeding owes, belongiug to Messrs. Wettenhall, from tho Murray, Mr, H. B. Kelly, in charge, passed Hillston on tho 7th, proceeding to Wercboliba station. IsrroRTAXT STOCK SAT/K.-At the Hill River Station, South Australia, thc property of Mr. C. B. Fisher, thcro will be commenced on May 3, the lnrgost aud most important sale of Btock that has ever been held iii tho Australian colonies. Tho sale will com mence ou tho 3rd May and bo continued on the 5th, 8th, 11th, 15th, and 16th. For tho information of our readers wo append some items of the catalogue, viz., the wholo of the highly-bred puro Australian meriuo sheep, in number about 28,644, consisting of 8497 wethers, 2, 4, and 6-tooth ; 7526 ewes, 2 and 4-tooth ; 1901 pedigree and picked stud ewes; 9009 owes iu lamb, 6-tooth to 6 years; 711 rams, pedigree hucl picked studs, 400 rams, rising 2-tooth ; 246 Suffolk aud Clydesdale mares and fillies ; imported Clydesdale mares and stallions and their progeny; 1Í7 blood mares nnd fillies and colts, 110 well-bred horses, colts, and fillies, aud 277 head shorthorn cattle. We have received a copy of the Kiama Reporter which has just been issued by Mr. Charles Isaac "Wat son, of Kilima. The Reporter is well got up, is nicely printed, and deals earnestly with matters affecting tue interests^of the district. 