ALLAN GLAYNE. 1 A STORY TOLD AT GERARD'S CHASE. I — — — I Br Sir Charles L. Young, Bart. I (COECrUPBD.) I The gist of the lawyer's letter was briefly I this : After the conversation that Allan had I held with his uncle with ref ©rence to Ida, and | after Mr. Glayne had bidden him leave the 1 house the next day, Allan took his . gun and a retriever dog, as you may remember JL nave al ready related to yon, and went ent shooting by himftftlf. His own account was that he. felt as if he must kill something, and that it would be a relief to him if he could 'Only si aughter game. Besides, he desired to be thoroughly alone that he might best consider if there was any possible mftans of upsetting his uncle's titlo to Gerard's Chase. Of course, he had thqught of this a hundred times before," bbt . the conviction had latterly come so strong upon him that his father j had mad a another n ill, that that will was somewhere in eristence, that, hq began to think I the search Sharford must be re-opened, and i that a large reward should be offered for the purpose of finding the witnesses to that will. These thoughts occupied his mind; ' as he walked along, hardly knowing whithet he was going. The dog he had with him was hot par ticularly well trained, and more than once, when the retriever insisted upon hunting instead of keeping at his master's heels, 'Allan was on the point of shooting him, and considering the temper he was in, it is a wonder that he did not yield to the temptation. Had he done so, in all human probability the will would never hate been discovered, and Robert Glayne wonld have been left in undisduted possession of the estate. i.- , , . . - What on earth could the dpg h&ve; to do with it ? you Ask. You will see directly, t After walking for some time, ana having killed a hare and a braceoleisnt which he left at a keeper's cottage, AJlan rephed a Rma.11 outljnng spring on the.botqers qi the ee- tate. He wa&ed; throngh tiie oover todpet hp a fine cock-pheasant. , It was a Jong shot, but he hit his bird hard and mik it down 4_ki which ranatright iitebsto ' and was iust off the estate. Deter- inmednottolosethe todAHaii prithedog iinoh the scent mid hunted down the hedge. -ffiTbird WM «ly WBg8d,jmd liehnntjraa ikeen. ; The dog run on for ahead of him ; Allan cheered him on, and for some two hundred vards heard him bristling through the shrubs. Suddenly, be thought he heard a stragglmg, and thonght the dog had seized the bird. The noise ceasfcd, and Allan stopped, whistled, and CT)iwil to the dog to bring his prey. A few mo ments elapsed, bat the dog did not answer to eaO, a1 Allan run on, unable to understand this disobedience. He arrived at the spot where he had last heard the dog, but could see no trace of him or the bird. Cautiously he entered the thick hedge, and beat down the underwood with' the barrels of his gun, and peered about him, and worked up the hedge. Half-a-dezen. yards farther up he placed one foot upon what seemed firm ground covered with stunted shrubs. The earth gave way, and he just saved himself from foiling into some un known depth by grasping the stem ef a young tree stood beside him. He saw in a mo ment what had happened. Dog and bird had foilMi into a deep pit which lay like a dark trap immediately below him. He called to the dog, listened, and heard what he was sure was the wagging of the retriever's tail, and looking down carefully he soon made out the flashing of the animal's bright brown eyes. Allan was not the sort of man to call for as sistance so long as he thought he could achieve anything by himself, so he looked about tor tne H&fest; waV of descending into the pit and &g; Lth tfhilehe gQ he remembered that he had heard the keepers now and again speak of the place called the Smuggler's Cave as being in existence some wherein the neighbourhood, and in His young days the notion had been invested in his with some romance, though he never could understand what smugglers could have to do with it, as Gerard's Chase was miles away frem the sea? hut no doubt this was the place they had spoken of. It appeared to be more like some old chalk pit which the hedge Had been suffered to grow round and completely bide. It occurred to him, also, as he continued his survey, and wondered why s© dangerous a place had never been filled up. or guarded against, that it lay in the direct short cut across the fields from Gerard's Ghase to the neighbour ing town. However, he was not long in finding his way down, after having assured himself that he would have no great difficulty in getting up ! again. He found the dog, he found the pheasant, and he found something more — a human skeleton, . the bony right hand still grasping a round metal case ! In an instant the assurance forced itself npon him that he had discovered the remains he long-lost lawyer, Sharford, and that the ot X i contained his father's will. Sharford fallen into the pit in making a '"Sr the town. Subsequent examina- -Il factored, and one of the.arms had been badly toSfStbe fell, and in t!ua miserable state the .notched msi had died. The metal case TOened in London, and the will was found tatactr There was no longer any reraon to wonder at the silence of the witnesses, for one me Sharford himself, and the other who had decamped after the death P Mr. Allan Glayne the elder. n I must not linger now over the details of what ensued. Allan was soon installed in nneenl'fl fftiase. and his uncle, aunt, and cousin were reduced to living fo poor lodgings in jyffidrtn. Their condition was very little re moved from one of absolute want. Arthur Egerton was their constant visitor, and he did everything in his power to make them comfort able. Allan, too, in his gloomy way, was kind, .and seat them many presents that they were enly too thankful to accept. By-and-by Allan cause to see them frequently. He had long con versations with his uncle, and they appeared to be on the best of terms. His manner to , Ida Vd and affectionate, but he never made any n,H"««vn to the time when he had declared his loya for for her, and Arthur Egerton saw reason, to be jealous. Jpne eyening, after Allan had been nearly all the afternson with his uncle, Robert Glayiie, in the presence of his wife, asked Ida, point blank, whether she was prepared to marry her cousin Allan. The poor girl was dumb with terror and mywwngnt. Her father seemed to take no notice of this. He continued hurriedly to say that Allan had behaved most generously, that he was sensible that they had never heHaved well to Allan in times past, but Allan had now offered to forgive all claims he had against his ; uncle, which amounted to many thousands, and, further, had promised to secure to him a com fortable income for the rest ef his life, but on one condition— Ida must become his wife. I have not the heart to describe to you Ida's utter misery. Her.whole happiness seemed ab sorbed in her love for Egerton ; still she knew Allan's stern nature thoroughly, and she was well assured that if she refused to marry him her father and mother would have to end their days in utter poverty. Their own mtense selfish ness them plead their -own cause ; most -»estly. The daughter's affection for her — Sj triumpnea over everyxning eise, ana sne 3 to ao as they and Allan desired. She consented .hur Egertollj what she wrete te) Aiv and bade him never see or k . , ghe should summon him, meakto her &> -«med to undergo a change. Her whole nature to rm-hearted girl .he Frrau the happy and . woma£ Two became a cold and caleula. Allan was not thinga ahe ineiatad on and thea. - Blow to grant. His mtense and blfov inmost prevented him from realising how in he. £» heart she hated him, and from seeing the . extent of her sacrifice. So long as she was to be his there was nothing that he would not do for .her. She insisted that Allan should settle an income of one thousand pounds a year npon her parents, and, in the event of her surviving Allan/Gerard's Chase should become absolutely her own property. It was arranged that the wedding should take place at the Chase. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Glayne and Ida once more took up their abode . there, Allan resided at a small- -pottage cn the estate, during the week immediately pre ceding the marriage. 1 must' hete pause to remind you that the imH&ringof; 'lhe house was very different in tbos» dhB to "what it is now. You are, most of ;ly;-aware'thi at It was ontirely rebuilt after the some tmiyears ago. I fcCSe eysaitil daarrivfei It was a darkand J the mmiremi br ; >, jNtaqge omucidenfte, of the day when Allan had AON»down totheChascso suddenly andihadheld that mmhoralde interview wth his imcle, aiint, and flnnian, Trla. had resolutely declihed to oc- oapy her old room, but had selected one in! the north wing which had rarely- been used. In deed, the whole of the north wing was seldom tenanted, a it was said to he haunted, and at all events it was not in particular good repair. -She had refused to gain any new maid. _ Her old nurse, who had spent almost all her life at the Chase, for she had as a girl been in the ser vice of Robert Glayne's elder brother, was to accompany her npon her wedding tour. This also she had severely insisted upon. The room she selected for her sleeping apartment before the marriage was known as the Venetian room, the reasonbeing that it was furnished with one or two Italian cabinets three fine old Vene tian mirrors. The wedding was to be quite quiet and pri vate ? only two or three old family friends were .invited. The morning, as I have, said, was dark ami stormy; the clouds were so low they seemed almost to sweep just above the grey old piles of chimneys, and the wind roared and howled among the elms and beeches out of doors as if in bitter fury that it could not up root them all and scatter them like faggots about its raging path, and screamed and whistled in the house, as though it were in a very agony of ceaseless pain, and the rain poured against the lattice windows as though the leaden skies wept for the mockery of the marriage vows that Ida was about to pledge. Noon came, and it was done. Allan and Ida were man and wife. Lucre was a stateiy DreaKxasvxn me Banquet ing hall ? a few solemen toasts and solemn re sponses. There was little need to ice the cham pagne, for there was not a heart at that miser able repast that did not seem unnaturally chilled and frozen. The carriage that was to take Ida and her husband away from the Chase was ordered to be at the door at 2 o'clock. Soon after 1 o'clock Ida retired to her room to change her bridal attire for a travelling costume. She refused to allow her mother to accompany her. She wanted no one but her pld noise. At twenty minutes to 2 this domestic left her mistress's room in order to complete her own arrangements. Punctually at 2 o'clock the travelling carriage, drawn by four impatient horses, was at the door, and Allan stood in the hall waiting for his bride. A quarter of mi hour passed away, but Ida didnotcome. Allan bade the norse go upstairs and tell her mistress that it was time to start. She obeyed, but speedily returned, and said that she "had knocked three times at the door, but had re ceived no answer. ' c Did she not go in ?" asked Allan, angrily. No ; ske had feared to disturb her. Allan's temper got the better of him, and he ran up the staircase and along the corridors into the north wing, andkuocked sharply at the door of the Venetian room. No answer. Impatiently he turned the handle andr entered the apartment. There was no Ida there. ! Scattered about the floor in costly profusion lay the various articles of the bridal trousseau he had purchased for her. Silks, satins, and jewels had beea .cast upon the ground in wild contempt, and conspicuous among them all lay the wreath of orange blossoms, crushed and torn. She had kept her promise. She had become her consin's wife, and secured a comfortable income for her father ; and she had outwitted Allan in flying from him at the earliest oppor tunity. But wluther had she nown ? How had she left the house ? How was it possible that she . could have got away and no one have seen her ? Yet so it was. Allan shut himself up in the library, desired his uncle and aunt to leave the house, dismissed half the servants the same day, and for weeks he hardly came out of his seclu sion. When he appeared in public again he seemed twenty years older, and there was many a grey hair npon his head. But the settled ex pression on ms face was not one of sorrow or sad melancholy. A bitter hatred of all his kind appeared to be written there. Twelve months passed by. Nothing was ever heard of Ida Glayne, and Allan continued to live a solitary life at Gerard's Chase. Such a life, the neighbours said, and such an unhappy story, must prey upon his mind. If he would not rouse himself, they added, he would be certain to go mad. You all to whom I am speaking know the river which is just about a mile' from the house. You know how swift a current it possesses, and you have heard that there are many deep and dangerous holes in its bed, and that all bathers, including experienced swimmers,1 are warned to be vpry careful how they bathe ex cept in one particular spot where ;a regular bathing-place has been established. Well, it was A flan Glayne's habit— his known habit — to bathe in the river, at one hour 'or anotheF, every day. It was also his custom frequently to leave the house directly after breakfast, wander about all day by himself, and not return till late in the evening, One morning he went out as usual, having ordered his dinner to be ready at half -past 7. Seven o'clock struck. The dressing-bell rang, but the master of the Chase had not returned. Ll ralX MAML MAVTAM AMn illMnA«_nAll V\AH1AI1 AttL'1 JlX6L11»JM#U SCVCU) OUU IIUC MHillDl'UWJl JMICU UUV) but no AUan Eight o'clock, ,and the cook was in despair. Nine, and the servants began to grow alarmed. Ten o'clock, and the butler took upon himself to order a groom to saddle a horse and ride round to the various cottages about the estate, and see if he could learn any thing of the squire. In an hour he returned — no one had seen anything of Mr. Glayne. The night wore away, morning came, but there had been no signs of the missing master. At abont noon on that next day, a labourer hurried up to the Chase and brought the iuforination that \- had found all Mr. Glayne's clothes in a 4 clse ti> the riverside about two miles 5" v. Nouse, down "the stream. Probably It There seemed to be no room lets 3 Allan Glayne had been accidentally drOWn while bathing. The river was dragged as care- folly, as possible, but th$ body was never found. The bottom of the river was terribly muddy and weedy, and there were, as 1 have n$£d, many deep holes. It was surmised that the unfojrfcuiiste young man foul been seized with cramp— -had sunk into one of these holes, an & fhe horrent of tire river had Boon buried him in slbpe and ,weedk " ' : Then Mrs. Allah Glayne reappeared npon the nee nf. , , There were two persons only i who were in the secret-hf herl>disappeannab, and c were her old nurse and Arthur Egerton. She" liiul been liying all alone, in i secluded village in Germany, and die had so mistrusted Allan s inflnftiim over her father and 'mother that she had never told them of her whereabouts lest they should betray her to her husband. - How 'she originally got away unobserved from Gerard's Chase you will learn in the fast ap proaching sequel of this story. The young widow returned, and in right of her marriage settlement was installed as mis tress of the Chase. For a year she lived in close retirement, her father and mother visiting her occasionally. At the end of that period, she took a house in London for six months, and her parents resided with her, Arthur Egerton had been working steadily at h?« profession, and had made a fair start npon the high road to eminence. He soon became a frequent visitor at Mrs. Glayne's house, and by anfl by it was made no secret of that he was en gaged to the fair young widow. Six months more passed away, and Ida's se cond wedding-day arrived. This wedding was a quiet but happy one, and Mr. and Mrs. JEger- ton started for their wedding tour, this felicity enhanced, if anything, by the misery they had gone through. After six Weeks' absence they returned to Gerard's Chase. They had been planning all kinds of improvements, and intended to have the house full of company for the shooting in September, and though they had had the brightest and most cloudless of honeymoons, they were not sorry to find themselves at home. Vqb TVmvr tioil Iioati v«nr. rsnr haTvnv. J v rrv They seemed formed for one another. They gazed into each other's eyes, and looked across the sunlight of the future, and never saw the shadow of a cloud. It 'was evening when they arrived at the Chase, at the close of the. first week in Septem ber. It had been a glorious season. The har vest had been safely gathered in, and the hues of summer still lingered about the- majestic woods, and all nature seemed with a smile to welcome .their return. They chatted pleasantly daring dinner and discussed the alterations in rooms and furniture which they had determined on. Then they talked of their expected guests, and then wan dered away to the grand Alpine scenery they had recently roamed abont, and to the fair Italian lakes that they had left behind. The servants had placed the dessert npon the table, and had left the room. Ida drew her chair close beside her husband, and placed her small warm hand in his. " Dear Arthur," she said fondly, as she gazed into his eyes, <(what a gentle, loving husband you have been to me." "Not half so gentle, or so loving, as you de serve," he answered, as he kissed the fair fere- head that now rested on his shoulder. " Why, puss, .what is that that I see glistening on your cheek — not tears ?" "Of happiness, my darling," she returned softly. " It is all so wonderful. It seems as if it were for too great to last." " No, no, my child. We have not nearly reached the summit of onr happiness." " Perhaps we never shall," she murmured. He held her in his strong arms, and in. the calm beating of that long-suffering and generous heart she knew that she possessed a mighty love whieh nothing in this world but death could ever hide from her. The clock upon the mantelpiece struck 10. Ida started up. " Arthur," she exclaimed, " I have a strange fancy to go and visit the room in the north wing, x ou Know iae one x mean. " Yon are tired, darling, and had better go to bed," he remonstrated. " We will go all over the wing to-morrow morning if you please, but not now." " Yes, now," she pleaded. " I have been so miserable in that room, and I should like to take my revenge npon it, by showing it how happy I sun now." He yielded, somewhat reluctantly, to her fancy. They left the dining-room, lit a chamber candle that steed in the hall, went up the old oak staircase, passed through the long and silent corridors, and at last stood outside the dpor of the Venetian room whence she had issued as a bride for her first unhappy nuptials. There they paused. " Don't go in, Ida," said Arthur. "lean hardly tell you why, but I implore yon not to enter that room." Had she looked np at his face, she wonld have seen that it was deadly pale, bnt she did not, nor did she seem to observe the strange earnest ness of his voice. "Only for one moment, Arthur, I have so often dreamed of it whilst we have been abroad that I must see it for a moment." He offered no further resistance. "She turned the handle, opened the door, and they passed the threshold. The door closed heavily behind them.' What was this that they beheld ? The room seemed all in disorder, and seemed indeed as if someone had only just vacated it. Arthur held up the solitary candle high above his head, and both gave utterance to an exclamation of sur prise at what they saw. Scattered about the floor in costly profusion lay the various articles of the bridal . trousseau ner nrst nusoana nad purchased tor her. sues, satins, and jewels had been cast., upon the ground in wild contempt, and conspicuous among them all lay a wreath of orange blos soms crashed and torn. " Arthur !" exclaimed Ida,- trembling vio lently, " what can all this mean ? I came into this room more than once when I first came back, and there was nothing of this sort here then. What can it mean ?" "It means that you have returned to your first wedding-day," answered a solemn voice. " It means that the past two years are swept away, and that you now stand beside your, law ful husband, Allan Glayne." A cold hand seized her wrist j she' looked up for one instant, saw the well remembered white and clear-cat features, realised in an instant that it was no ghost, but All«i in the flesh, and sank half fainting in a chair . behind her. Arthur calmly put' down the candle on a table arms, and fixed his eyes upon Allan took no fopd 0t nt m a most mocking voice addressed his wifo "You kept yopr promise, Ida, #nd 5'9H married foe. You vowed your troth to me tfll death should us, but you broke your vow, and fled from me wh«q yftw ras but two jofoB pM.; I have T)een fops pnndfifl of my wordiufo I have waited far yo t$l ypn spellbound. Arthur never moved his eyes from Allan's face. Allan continued : "It was not long before I discovered the secret of your flight. Your old nurse had told you of the concealed door among the panels of this room, that led to a long .aisased subter ranean passage that had an outlet choked up years ago by mounds of eartfland shrubs. You lay hidden there till Bearch had ceased, and then you got away unobserved, asssisted by the nurse and the man who stands beside you now, and lived unknown in Germany." Still no response from either of the other actors in this dread scene. "I knew you well," pursued Allan in the qp.mp. cold solemn voice ; "I knew that I had nothing to dread then from the weakness of your virtue. I knew that you would never willingly come back to me, and so, in the as surance of eventual triumph, I framed the scheme which ham issued in complete suceess. " There flashed into hig eyes a wild light of Satanic joy as he uttered these last words, and his tones grew loader as he continued : " I knew the world thought that I was mad, and would not be astonished if I came to a sudden and violent end. It fell into its own snare, and believed that I fowl either drowned myself, or had perished in a rash venture in the stream. You believed it too — you took the bait I offered you, emerged from your hiding-place, and claimed your position as mistress of Gerard's Chase, asserted your right of widowhood, and married him." He pointed to Arthur as he spoke, but never took hig eveg from Ida's face. " And now my vengeance is complete. Yon have spent some golden weeks in the arms of a man who is nothing better than your paramour. Your dream of a cloudless happy life with him is scattered to the winds ; you come back to your home and to your husband a miserable and degraded woman." "Have you done?" said Arthur in a low, thick voice, " or has your coward's tongue more devilish eloquence to spend on her ? Yon do not answer. You seem now to forget my presence. There is one thing besides that you have for gotten, and that is, that the world believes that you are dead." Allan glanced at him contemptuously for a moment, and his eyes reverted to Ida as he said : " It will be easy to undeceive the world." " What if you do not get the chance ?" ex claimed Arthur, as he advanced towards Allan, with a fierce look npon his face. " Mean and miserable wretch, the world's bad enough, but it is better without such things as you. I mean to kill you 1" The two men closed in awful strife, and for some minutes the straggle was continued. Ida neither spoke nor moved. Allan contrived at last to free one arm from his antagonist's iron grip, and rapidly drew a long knife from a sheath suspended to a strap round his waist. Arthur wrenched it from him ; as he did so, he felt the fingers of Allan's left hand close about his throat—those fingers that even in boyhood had been known to be so marvellously strong. The death grip was on him, and with one last desperate struggle he plunged the knife into Allan's side. The muscular fingers never re laxed their bloodhound hold, and in a few mo ments the two strong men lay dead among the mocking bridal garments tint Allan, in prepara tion for the return of his" wife, had strewn about the floor as she had left them. Such is the story of Allan Glayne, as Ida told it years afterwards — two days before she died. ' . 