PORTFOLIO. T?T CHRIsT or To DA.--" I should be erring against my convictions did I hint by any phrase or assumption that the Christ of to-day is a monopoly .of the churches. It is true they have sometimes forged chains that have fettered the hands of human charity, but they cannot bind IIis free spirit. Thcy have manufactured,' too often, a stereotyped version of His teachings, but his life knows no trammels, and weds itself everywhere to the good it has inspired. In vain we prescribe eccle siastical etiquette to the spirit of liberty; or think of caste and circle in tile presence of a life that scorns convention, and cries, " HIIim that cometh to Me I will in no wise cast ont.' . "Has HIe changed; and does He sit now oily in cushioned pews, hearing the sighs.of sentiment and weariness, listening for the faint' tinkle of the temple gifts; gratified by the incense of music, by the ripple of speech, by the still pomp of for mal prayer, anid counting free-thinkers ac cursed, and spiritualists demented, and science as the fee'of faith ? Does he lurk in the orthodox phrase, in the clerical tone, in the historic form, in the sacred perfect creed which of course contains no 'Vacant chaff well-meant for grain t' Does he never visit the sceptic, and make his .honest doubts the path to faith ? :Does He pass by the man of science, who has: leagued himself with law, and is labouring hard to puzzle out the secret of life ? Does IIe.reject the economist, Who it toiling to harmonise social inequalities ,by finding and swaying the complicated motives of a man ? Does lie turn HIis back .upon the creedless philanthropist who is hammering asunder the chains of a slave-upon the churchless radical who is muttering fiercely against throned injus tice, and social tyranny, and legal wrong -upon the misanthrope who has ' dashed his angry heart against the desolations of the world,' and fallen back stunned into the pit of despair? Does lie shun the shame-faced drunkard, and hurry past the fallen, and avoid the dens of vice, lest the censor-world should suspect Him and the tongue and the.pen of scandal blacken His name P". Does He turn from these to find a congenial home among those who pray to God, nursing envy, malice, and all unchari tableness within-who make outward har monies of praise, with which the heart makes discord-who eat the Supper of the Lord, and yet fail to serve Him-whose mission is to divorce religion from practical morals and nobility of oharacter, and whose' highest delight is to date about questions and strifes of words whereof cometh envy, and "To cleave a croed in sects and cries ?". " If these be the methods by which the Christ-Spirit is manifest in these, one of two things is clear, either that many re presentations'of Christianity are not re presentations of Christ, or that Christ has changed, and is not now what once He wisa-'eitle to the erring, patient to the doubter, tender with every distress; fierce only with the false. Yet my text names him 'Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and to-day, and for everI' The alternative is painful; but, after all, it is better that man should fail than that the one stay of humansspirit should break, and Jesus cease to be.the Friend of Sinners. "The truth is that Christ'of to-day makes His home wherever there is a will to do God's will. Wherever pure sympathy and true charity are the leaders of the heart;' wherever freedom, curbed'lifprin ciple and' enlightened by love, gives the law to life; wherever speech is truie, and action"loyal ; wherever truist in man or God lifts a life up into unselfishness and power; wherever the will hirs 'with evil, and conscience holds the staandard of right; wheirever love bears a cross, and sacrifice traiipling self beibeath it wears a crown,- there is the Christ-Spirit breathed into meni to whom Jesus has said, ' Receive ye thb Holy Ghost ;' the Christ-Spirit, poured uot in flames of inspiration at Pentecost, aiid"e?er- dwelling in all who say to law, God's delegate ; to duty, God's 'voice ;.to: love, God's angel ; 'to Christ, ,Go'd's. Sn-- 'Not as I will, but as Thou wilt I' "-The late ie: T.'.' Biard; 