AN ISLAND PEARL. BY B. L. FARJEON, AUTHOR OF " BT.ADE-O'-GRASS," "BBEAD- AXD-CHEESE .ASD KISSES," "JESSIE TRIM," " THE KING OF NO-LAND/' "GRIF," "LOXEO^'S HEART," &E.; VI. MY MOTHER BELIEVES SHE SEES A OHOST. (Continued from yesterday.) I could now turn my attention to tliose matters nearest my heart. The whole mystery was not yet cleared. Being supposed to he dead was a sufficient reason for my wife not being at home to welcome me; but I had written to her, twice from China and twice from Melbourne. What had become of those letters ? Surely, if she had received them—and why should she not? they were addressed to her plainly at her mother's house—she would not have kept the good tidings of my safety and promotion from my own mother. The first thing I had to do, plainly, was to question my mother upon this point. " Now that I have convinced you, mother," I said, "that I am not lying at the bottom of the sea, and that I am no ghost, you must satisfy me upon some points that are dark to me. Mabel why, what's the matter with you, dame, that you shrink from me ? Are you ill again ? I will light the candle, if /you will tell me where I cau find the matches. We can talk better in the light." But she clung close to me again, with something of terror expressed in her manner—which I set down to her not having entirely recovered from her fears —and murmured that she did not want a light; that the darkness suited her best; and that sitting there with me, with no other soul in the house but ourselves, brought to her the memory of the time when I was a child, and when we two were all in all to each other, with no one to step between us. These sentiments she expressed, not in so coherent and concise a maimer as I have written them, but in a way that rendered them not difficult to understand. I humoured her and continued :— "There is no one between us now, mother, and never shall be. Mabel and I are both your children, and my love for her makes you dearer to me; for with certain thoughts in my mind that I have been long cherishing, it seems as if, having a wife of my own, I can better understand what a mother's love is. How shall we break the news to her, so as not to alarm her ? Mother, I want to ask you a hundred questions about her, but I am so eager to see my darling that I doubt if I shall be able to control my impatience. But before I go to her, there are some matters I must understand more clearly. I am groping about like a blind man. Mother, I wrote four letters to Mabel." I paused here, but my mother did not speak. As I held her in my arms she clung closer to me, as though she were fearful of losing me. "Bear up," said I, with a fund pressure; " things have come round happily, and it is our duty to be thankful." " I humbly thank the Lord," I heard her whisper, "for my dear son's safety. " Bring peace to him, Lord !" "Amen," responded I, kissing her. " But all is well, thanks be. There shall be no more partings between me and my dear wife. She shall sail with me, if she will, wherever I go; and you shall keep the house warm for us to return to. Yes, four letters I wrote to Mabel. The first from China, telling her of our going to Australia; two from Australia, telling her of my escape and promotion ; and one from China again, just before we sailed for home. Do you mean to tell me that Mabel did not read those letters to you V' " I never knew you had written any, Amos." " Could she not have received them I" I asked, dismayed and wondering. " I addressed them to her, and posted them with my own hand to her mother's house. And for her not to have read them to you ? Mother," I cried, impelled by a sudden fear, "has there been foul play somewhere Her tears and moans were my only answer. " Kay. nay," said I, with a cold chill at my heart, " If I can't learn from you, I must go elsewhere. I will see Mabel at once. There must be an end- to this mystery." I rose to go, but my mother clung to me with convulsive sobs, and strove with feeble hands to restrain me. But they were strong enough : they clutched my veiy heart-strings. A deadly faintness stole upon me, and would have overpowered me, but that I wrestled desperately with it, and overcame it. "In the name of God !" I cried, when I recovered my speech, " do not torture me any longc-r with your silencc ! Tell me what is in your mind." The agony of my tone compelled licr to obedience. " Ainos. my son." she said, in a weak wandering voice, "it is late ; it must be one o'clock. And see, Amos, what a wild night it is. " Mechanically I looked towards tlie window. The snow was coming down liuck and fast. I went to the door and opened it, my mother following me, still with her hands upon me. White surfaces, pure and unstained, met my eye, whichever way I turned. The virgin covering imparted a rare loveliness to the prospect. ' The white outlines of the shells which formed the dear device of the " Beecroft Mariner," above our cottage window,, were delicately quaint and beautiful, and the memories associated with the sign, and the cold wind blowing upon my hot skin, calmed me somewhat. But still I seemed to be moving in a dream. I E. turned my eyes to my mother's face, and saw that it was as wiiite as the falling snow. "Come in and rest," she pleaded. "Wait till the morning, Amos; then I will tell you all." " Wait till the morning!" I echoed, with a laugh which sounded strangely in my ears, it was so harsh and bitter. Heaven knows I had no cause for merriment. "Wait till the morning ! That is good counsel at such a time as this. NV>; love calls me elsewhere, and I must go. If there is anything to tell, tell it quickly, and without further paltering. I can scarcely believe it is my mother who is speaking to me, bidding me linger here, •while love is tugging at my heart-strings ; or has she forgotten that I have a wife, and perhaps a child " I felt my mother's form sliding from me, and I caught her in time to prevent her falling to the ground. " Keep your senses about you," I muttered roughly, between my clenched teeth, " if you do not wish me to go mad before yoiu- eyes! It cannot be tliat you are purposely torturing me, and yet you cannot know wiiat I am suffering. Great God !" I cried, staggering at the agony of the thought, "is Mabel dead ?" "No, my son," she said faintly, "not to iny knowledge." A sob of thankfulness escaped me. "Thank God!" I exclaimed. "Then what cause is there for this mystery? Mother, did you hear what I said just now? Am I a father " Amos! " "Answer me in one word." " Mabel is a mother, my son." " And my child lives!" " When I last heard of Mabel the child was alive." I placed my mother in a chair, and covered my eyes with my hands. All doubt, all fear was gone. Then, kneeling by my mother's side, I said in a tone tremulous from joy, while the happy tears ran down my face, " I must go to them at once, mother. What would you have thought if, when my own dear father, your husband, came home, never having seen his son, lie had dallied with the time, as I am doing now, instead of hastening to your side to embrace you and yoiu - child? Ah, be just to me—and to Mabel! Can you imagine that I am not hungering for a sight of my child and my darling wife ? Ah, you have filled my heart with joy! Remember what we said to each other when I was last at home. There is no happiness without love — none. It is true, it is true! The world would be a hell if love did not exist in it. It is heaven to me now. So you see that I must go without a moment's delay. Be happy till I return. I will run back soon, and tell you that all is welL Nay, do not fear for me, mother. I will be cautious with Mabel; I will take care that I do not frighten her; though it would be a thousand times better if you would go in first, and break the news gently to her. Are you equal to it? Will you render this service to the son that loves you as I love you, my old mother—will you be strong for my sake ? You will—I know you will! Here—here is your bonnet and shawl. Never mind the snow; I'll carry you through it. I'm strong enough to carry two such fond, foolish mothers, and never feel the weight. I have a child— thank God, I have a child! Come, mother, hasten, hasten; «r I must go without you." She made no movement. The bonnet and shawl I had thrust into her hand fell to the ground. " Gracious Lord!" I heard her murmur, "how shall I tell him? How shall I break the news to him 1 ?" A film came into my eyes, and all my fears returned with terrible force. In another moment my mood had changed. " Mother," I said, in a savage, impatient tone, " in the name of my dead father, I command you to speak plainly to me!" " O Amos, my son," she asked, with infinite tenderness and pity, " are you strong enough to bear it?" "Goon. My wife! " "Was not worthy of you, was-not worthy of my son! Ah, me!" she moaned, wringing her hands. " Why did I bring her into this house ? But she was a child then, and I thought her innocent and pure." A strange calnmess came upon me. '' If you do not wish me to curse the tongue that casts a doubt upon my wife's purity, be silent, and speak not another word. Ay, if an angel on this holy Christmas night said to me what you have said, I would curse him though it lost me salvation. I am going now to Mabel's house." I made, for the door, but my mother still endeavoured to hinder me from my purpose, crying, " Stop, for mercy's sake, Amos! Your wife is not there." "I'll see for myself," I muttered doggedly. "I'll give neither Mabel nor my child cause to throw reproaches in my teeth for lack of faith or love. I'll stop to hw no more enigmas," I walked swiftly through the snow to Mabel's house, looking neither to the right nor the left. It -might have been the brightest summer's night, instead of the bleakest and dreariest, for all the notice J took of it. I knocked loudly at the door, and almost immediately more loudly still, in my impatience; aud presently I received a rough greeting in a' voice that was strange to me. A dog in the back garden began also to bark furiously, and I heard him tearing at his chain. " Who's there'?" cried a man from thei window above, which had been partially raised. " It is I, Amos Beecroft," I answered, bewildered by the strange voice. "Interesting to you, doubtless," said the man, " but not to me. If you, Amos Beecroft, don't take yourself oft' instantly, I'll lot loose the dog, and rouse the police. You've mistaken the house, my man." "Onemoment," I cried—"one moment, for pity's sake! You do not appear to know my name " " I do not know it." "I am a seafaring man, and have just arrived home after an absence of three years. I was supposed to be drowned " " What is that to me?" " Nothing, I know. But listen," I implored, for the window rattled as though he were about to close it in my face. " My wife shared the general impression, and believes that I am dead. I have only just come home, do you hear ? My wife lived in this cottage when I left —I have come here to see her! " 1 had no strength to proceed further. "That may or may not be," was the reply. " But I am the owner of this house now, and have occupied it for a year and a half, and no woman lives with me. Women! I have had enough of women! A false, brazen lot! You've got your answer, and be off with you! No wife of yours or any man's lives in this place, nor shall, while I am in it." : The window was slammed to violently, and I was left, dazed and bewildered, alone in the wintry night. There was no doubting the truth of the man's words, and I walked slowly back in the direction of our cottage of shells with a sort of dumb despair settling upon me. Jlidway I met my mother, who had toiled after me tlu'ough the heavy snow. She was panting for breath, and looked inexpressibly sad and woe-l>egone, but I had no pity for lier—indeed, no feeling whatever with respect to her. I was absorbed in my own grief and amazement at this unexpected shattering of my cherished hopes. I took her arm, and led her back • to her home. No word passed between us on the way. She glanced up at me many times timidly, pityingly, imploringly: but if her features had been carved'in stone lier entreating look could not have made less impression upon me. How bleak and drear the night had grown! The wind chilled me to the marrow, and I trod the wiiite snow with sullen steps. It suited my mood to tear and deface it as I walked. What beauty for me was there now in the unstained carpet? I took a savage pleasure in marring its purity, and I dragged my feet through it vindictively, as though it were my enemy, and could feel the wounds I was inflicting upon it. In this way, and in perfect silence, we reached the cottage of shells. " Sit there," I said sternly to my mother, pointing to a chair. She sat down obediently. " Now," said I, in a hard tone, " tell me everything, and let no tenderness for me induce you to put a false colour upon what you have to say, and I must hear. Speak the truth without reservation, as you would on your deathbed. If you value my love, do exactly as I bid you." I turned my face from her, and stood thus while she told her story, keeping a strong restraint upon myself, steeling myself, as it might be, and speaking only necessary words, though it was hard to do; but you who have sustained heartshocks will understand my feelings and what torture I endured during the recital. 