The Six Chinese Companies. The "yellow agony" is fast coming to a head in California. The intruding Mongolians have been piling it up just a little too high. So the latest intelligence from the other side of the Pacific inform* at that the American* are making a determined atand against the foreign invasion ; that a strong feeling of alarm hu sprang up at the persistency and rapidity with which the Chinese—who already number 30,000 in San Francisco alone—are working their way into and monopolising all kinds of business and handicraft trades; that the Mongolian flood is still pouring in with ever-increasing volume; that, oonae* queiftly, mass meetings of the citisens art being held, anti-Chinese olubs are being formed in every direction, and "then is serious trouble ahead." All this promptly confirms the state* ments made in the article entitled "The China man Abroad," printed in our columns some short time since. But there is more behind. Already an appeal has been made to the General Government to stay the plague by summary measures ; and to this appeal the reply returned was that the existing treaty stipulations between the two countries prevents any suoh measures being taken ; but, in. the meantime, a resolution has been offered in Congress by a Californian representative, requesting the President to nego tiate for such a modification of the1 stipulations as will restrict them to oonmerdal purposes alone. It may with confidence be predicted thai the resolution will be. passed unanimously f for the Americans are not the people to do things by halves whenever they set about ft This decidedly meaningful popular movement hatp*ttbeßix4hueseCompani«s on theater*,^ and their representative in San Francisco has spoken out in a strikingly eharieteristie address to the American people? It pleads, m a tone of blended remottetraaee aad sarcasm, thatiteamot be asserted with tmta that Chinese labor in* poyeashes the country; that the Customs duties paid \>y the immigrants benefit the revenue \ and thai if a redprdcajtreaty were concluded between the tweGeveronMßtaprolribitiDftpeopli of either ftatfad from creasing the oomn, the benefit to the Chinese would be that they would.remain at home in the enjoyment of complete domestic happiness, and would be exempted from the abuses andmsulU heaped upon them fevtheOoeftstreets of that soiled Ghrkiea land! This b veay. good for Mongolian John,; sod, it (pother, cor* . roborationof Bret'Harte's excellent delineation , of his character. "™ -r ■ • But what are the But CamewOomyanias who thus champion the cause of their ooantijiaam in tiie foreign land? The answer to tins question is not generally known amongst English-speaking people, not even amongst Auttrahaa miners,— Who, one wouM think, nave a very direct par* sonal interest in all thai concerns the influx, oi yellow faces into their special domain. When. Mr, Hepworth Dixon was in, San Francisco he made it his business to get all the information he could from the leading Chinese residents there, touching the manner in which the great Mongo> lian migration ia conducted ; and the facto ne excited are certainly of a very remarkable kind. His principal informant was one Lee Wong, whom he describes se a merchant of Ugh standing and approved integrity, respected alike by Amerisan* and bis own countrymen. The substance.of Las Wong's revelations is a* follows:—The six com:, panics are, in reality, only five ; the sixth being merely a committee of management resident m America, whose business it is to look alter the interests of the five companies. The names of . these five companies are an Ning Yung, $wong . Chow, Hop Woo, Sam Yep, and Yung Woo. ( They collect the emigrants in China, carry them ' on to Hongkong or Canton, make all arrange* ments for their transport, and see them put on board the mail steamers for California. A sixth, company, or committee, sits in San Francisco, receives the emigrants on then* arrival, and takes ' care that all their contracts and obligation to the fiv«companies are carried out In collecting , the emigrants, the oompanies' agents travel up, and down the provinces, both near the sea and far inland, and act in every respect as most efficient emigration agents. MOf course," says Lee Wong, " they talk big. Melican (American) talk big : Chinaman talk bigger than Melican." The agents tell their poor fellow-countrymen that in California— or it may be in Queensland —the hills an made of silver and the rivers run ■ with gold. To all candidates for emigration they offer free passes to the nearest seaport. From the moment a man aocepts his pass ne is taken can of, carried in boat or cart to the point of embarkation, fed and dothed, hi* passport to the foreign laad procured for him, hi* berth secured'; in fact everything is done for him. The fan for every Chinaman from Hongkong or Canton to San Francisco is $45, which Bum is punctually paid by the oompanies for each of their emigranta to the American Pacific Mail Company. But upon bis landing at his destination the mail company refund $5 of this amount to the whole sale exporters of their countrymen. By the time a poor Chinaman is landed on American soil he is a debtor to the five companies to the amount, on an average, of $100. He is both their debtor and bondsman until every cent of this money v repaid. He is in no sense his own master so long as a cent of it remains unpaid. The companies take his personal bond for the amount, with compound interest added. But, in addition, then is a family bond exacted^ Whatever property his father or mother, uncle or brother, may possess, is mortgaged to the companies in the full amomt due from their1 relative, with ruining interest at the rate of 2AorVfwro«ot.*Ued....» time b> *c* $*» perty. the pmoiaal bonds of the relative an given, especially those of the father and grandfather; for- his ancestors are the most sacred tiling* a Chinaman can pledge. The interest charged on penonal securities ia fire time* greater than that charged on property. "Yet,!* aaid Lee Wong coolly, " the securities Mldom fail. Of course we ran aome risk. Oar man may die : worse still, he may fall sick ; worn still, he may commit a crime, II east to gaol, his work is lost. Again, hit bond may turn out bad. But every busmen has a lucky and an unlucky torn." Upon landing in San Vrandaco, the emigrant Mongolian is taken in charge by the Wing Yung committee. He i» eonveved to their depot,— lodged, fed, clothed, and hired oat The oom* mittee receive hi* wages, allowing them a small pittance monthly to five upon, until tie whole debt has been repaid. A few emigrants are well enough off to pay their own psstaga-mon«y; ;bat even these pay the oompanies $5 each upon. l«nd« ing in San Frincuoo. This fee secures for them the privilege of having their bones sent back to their native land, after death, for interment in its sacred soiL In no instance ia the contract between the five oompanies and the Pacific Mail Company allowed to be set aside or evaded. But how i« the strict watch needful to secure full repayment of the debt to the oompanies main* tamed ? Let Lee Wong answer the enquiry. He says :—"We have our spies and head-men every* where. In San Francuop we have many qpifla. It is thought a good thing to be a spy ; a bad thing to be a ghost. A spy serves the Chinese, a ghost serves the Melioans. By means of these spies and head-men we hear of what is going on in every house. We know wry man s name, where he is, and what he id about It is our duty to fish out things. Even when a man 'ia dead, we have to find hie bones and send them home. If not, he would buried, and forgotten like a dog." Without the certificate of the com panies no America* captain wilt carry a dead Chinaman's bones, and some captains will not carry them at alh Do all Mongolians observe the ■acred obligation of providing forth*sending back of their bones to the native soil! " Yes, all good people. Here and there some Tartar rascals, having no regard for their ancestors, cot their pigtail* andpot on Meliaa* clothes. Not men, but cor*. Jfxoept those dogs, all Chinese ko back when they are dead. In J^eUof, p)tt>tj land, not much people : in China, plenty people^ not much land«~ So Chinaman Ukes to live in B^VLeeWong'atoutiy dexu*d tub the five companies exercised 'w6 secret power* o| a vigi lance committee or secret society. It was stated to him thai » report wm cUrtwrt that of two of his otmtttrynen ttvag at Nevada one teoeW tk* ruhs of tk» ooßßpaasM, sad the oOm rueivsd * hintiQldllhimi andspenltilj wa* tb* crime perpetrated that the assasiin never was traced. To toil faMfentthdraplywsi:—"Wbok»ow*? Borne CUnamati good; some bid. Mattel law nake bad men wane. In. Hnngkiwg if yea kill * man, yoa wiU be bung whether, youWyepleoty m money or not Money makes no dtverenoe. InSanfVandaoo, yoakmamAn; U you liavii' iUn^f money, you gei*rft l*at is not gooi'lak Heee, too, allaarfoijecrot shnisMM aro allowed, In China,, poly bad men entf^rinto Maeonis lodges: rogues and rebels who want to chaoge,, Ih7dyn**^»nddertf^th6 fajtfa. ThWiecwi •ooUtk* era all pot Ibwn tyikei mawlarfnsV Here the bad CWn—sn s**rt a lodfji Weaak. the Melwsns to put them down. They answer that the law allows Masonic lodge*. That bad l»w. Ttyf sixth oompanyhas to putthemlown.** Booh are the Six Chinese Oompaaies. The facts brought t» Mght raspaotinf, tiea. dearly show that.in.the art of •'orgapising, auperinMneV as supjuior'to the EngUsniiban of the'ninevMnktn century as the latter I* snperior to liim in sei*n^ tific prowess and moral culture. iirheiwraanuk dnwn by the five companies from their poor, clients are something enormous, and the fo*ainjr members of them live at home in a nyV « Asiatic princely splendour. It h for tbemprft' mar^r that the ■ wanning hordes of pale faoe* ia San Franoisno, in the Australian oologies, and At. the mining districts of the Malayan Archipelago, are moiling and toiling. And their influenoe at ti>e Court of Pekin Is doubtless very great, perhaps even paramount. The problem arising out of the Chinese invpaion is. therefore a more difficult one far the American people, and for ourselves, than at first it seems. There is really serious trouble ahead, —trouble wttch it will require an unusual degree of caution, ooemess, and sagacity in both American and Queensland statesmen ,to surmount 