Racing Ethics, BY PEGASUS. THB naming of race-horses is a question which has at length come under the deliberations of the Victorian Racing Olub, and as a matter of ceurse the legislation of that body will 1,ave to be followed by our Jockey Club ; seeing that if the horse-masters of New South Wales cannot run horses without names at Flemington, it will be just as convenient to give the horses their names before running or entering t¡hem hore. It may seom a matter of small import, by what a race-horse is called, or, indood, whether he has a name at all ; but as | a convenience for record in tho future, tho name or want of one is really worth a good deal of con- sideration. Nobody supposes that a colt gallops better for having a high- sounding title, or that his chances of winning are less because he has had no name bestowed on him ; for the Sylvia colt couldu t have run better than he did in the V.R.O. Derby, had he been fifty times " Robin Hood " ; and, if Mr. De MoBtre had seen at to dub the son of Luna " Fitz-Luna " at the com- mencement of tho Beason, he couldn't more completely have astonished the natives than he did when he galloped past Valentia at the finish of the three miles ; but as I don't bplieve any of our horse owners keep their nigs unnamed from a desire to affect singularity, there's no reason, why they shouldn't make a point of naming before entry. By doing so they would save a treat deal of trouble to all people connected with the turf ; and especially confer a boon on race secretaries who aro put to any amount of troublo by the present «regularity, besides finding it an absoluto impossibility to keep their lists of entries in anything like a correct form. People interested in race-horseB, notably breeders anxious to secure pure blood, ha"e had one oomplaint during the last f«w years, namely, regarding the im- possibility of traoing certain mares back beyond two or three generations, arising from tbn carelessness there Was years ago in preserving pedigrees ; and, in conse- quence of this wunt of thought at that remoto time, it happens that, although, the horses and mares were nought hero from England thou, and bred here from these importations, quite as pure and high-class aa what have come since, some of the best families, and «nown to be untainted, cannot be made out beyond a certain too contiguous point. Thus we have in the , pedigrees of Mr. Baldwin's mares, a stoppage at "Bot»y, DV Hentnr » UQ,."^J «.v.!»!. :¿ l...a fcrann fnnnil UOolOEB . -- ""»"J IB UllblU UUllUl) UUUUU IIUO UIBSUXUJ,, vu -~ lamlly are all good. The lato Mr. Charles lteynolds, of ¿ocal, found it an insuperable dUHculty lo give a pedí- \ pe to a mare called " Kate." one of the founders of m' Btud., She carne from Mesan». Scott;, oí Gltndon (a i first-rate guarantee) and Mr. Reynolds believed her to be by Benuiloag ; but, at any rate, her tribe has turned out to be, a really good one. I see the compilers of the third volume of tho N.S.VV. Scud Book give this mare as "by Bennalong, from Kitty Glover, by oA Hector," a podigree that was unprocurable when the seconO volume was published; but they have also in tho Tocal pedi- grees given a " Kate by TOSB," as well as an " Old Kate," without a pedigree ; so that the original mystery, which in 1866 and C7 surrounded the origin of the i Glendon mare " Kate by Bennilong," has been bub little j simplified by the further researches in 1873. From the.se things it appears that the »reeders of b.ood stock, thirty years ago or less, fell into two errors. They I wore careless about pedigrees, wherein we don't follow tbein; and they stuck to a few names, just aB if the ? English language contained only about half-a-dozen fit to give to a race-horse, wifch a pertinacity which we of the present have done our level best to emulate, and I think pretty successfully. "With us the manufacture of peojgrees is a mat tor of no difficulty ; but to tack one of these on to one of a dozen of horses having one name, and be certain of being correct, is by no means so simple. Want of pedigree records was a sad drawback in olden time ; and so far was found to exist, that fche true breeding of several very celebrated imported mares has been lost, I fear irrevocably. I have tried iu vain to discover with certainty the lineage of imported " Georgiana,' who was brought out here with another mare, many years ago, by Mr. H. H. Kater; and 'he waut of knowledge in this particular is the unre annoying by reason of the great admixture of this im- ported mare s blood in tho pedigrees of present and past running horses The name of " Georgiana " wa« regu- larly stereotyped, some few years back, in the same confused way that breeders of to-day aro in the habit of calling young ones after old ones ; and so we have as an instanco " Georgiana by ./Ether (imported), from \- - w -» f., .HU»« +JJ rf^ivuvi. V KUI^IUL LOU /| JLfc\/*U Georgiana by Oap-a-pie (imported), from Georgiana (imported by Mr. Kater). * This is only one instance of many, and the Bessy Bedlams furnish another out of which has cropped up great confusion ; and I believe there are descendants of some of this name that cannot be properly traced to the real fountain-head. However, as our breeders are now careful to have all their mares' pedigrees correctly kept, this difficulty will be got over in due course ; and if proper attention be paid to the naming business, the confusion that has been threaten- ing for some time to become worse and worse con- founded, will vanish. It s a matter of unimportance that we cannot certainly trace the pedigrees of im- ported animals, such as "Georgiana," "Spaewife," " Cutty Sark," and the justly renowned " Whisker," because the excellence of their stock is sufficient of itself to guarantee their breeding; but wh<»n every necessity is apparent for establishing without tho smallest doubfe-the thorough-breed of every horBP and mare that run? here, and may afterwards so to the stud, we should not complicate a natural difficulty by handing down a dozen animals of one name for the next genera- tion of breeders and trainers to discriminate among. A. greit English sportsman, the late Lord Glasgow, had a habit of leaving his horses unnamed, throughout their ^ whole raciug career ; and to show how such a practice can and will lead to complications bv no means desirable, it happened that his Lordship had two " Brothers to Bird-on-the-Wing," that both raced under that designation, and both went to the stud. This necessitated the making of some distinction between these two own brothers when thev were sires ; aud so there were seen such instances as the following in lists of entries-" Bay colt by Brother to Bird-on-thc-Wing (1842)," and "brown colt by Brother to Bird-on-the \\\ ing (1841.) I'm not sure as to the dates ; but I know that the year of each one's foaling was put down a« £ have put it, so that people might have a chance of knowing which was which; and that is enough to show that the " no-name " principle is a mistake that may be very inconvenient. Had those two " Brothers to Bird on-the-Wing " been called respectively " Swallow " and " Jaok Snipe," what a lot of writing, as well as incon- venience, would have been saved *o all the folks whoso business made it necessary for them to write the entries or breeding of their stock ; and such folks, at any rate, have reason to rejoice that tho Victorian Racing Club insists on having horses named before they can run at their meetings. It is neither necessary nor advisable that breeders who sell their yearlings should give them names before they go to the hammer. Every racing man likes to name his own horses ; and as the yearling sales are all over in both colonies (New outh Wales and Victoria) before tho entry takeB place for the big two- year-old stakes, Derbys and Legers of either, buyers of young- sters have a fine opportunity of giving them names at the same time as they enclose entries to the A.J.O. or V.R.O. Secretary. It will only then remain to have each colt's name added to his description in whatever Produce Stakes he may be found ; a proceeding which can be attended to when tho different youngsters are transferred in the Club books, wibh their engagements, from breeder to buyer ; and if it became a custom of principal race clubs to pabliBh the list of transfers as well as names, the racing publie, who really are interested in cbtaini' g such information, would be regularly posted up in a very necessary item of know« I ledge. So much for the convenience, if not necessity, I of giving every race-horse some name ; and now to con- sider how those names are best arrived at, with a view to avoid confusion, at the same time putting this por- tion of racing business upon something liko a system. In the first place, as I have already partially shown, the chief thing to be avoided is calling ono horse after another, at any rate if the second comes within any- thing like clashing distance of the former ; and as m the case of "Brothers to Bird-on-the-Wmg," I may bring forward a striking instance. The greatest cele- brity ever bred in Australia I take to be "The Barb» formerly, as now, in the stable of Mr. John Tait ; and I was of opinion that within the limits of a generation thoro could bo but one " Barb." Last season, however, another of the same name carne out, and in suoh guise as to redouble once and again all the complications I have endeavoured to Bhow are likely to arisetrom tho common practice ef naming two horses alike. The second Barb belongs to Mr. John Tate, and both are black horse» ; so that, in years to come, when boto may be at the stud, one breeder will s»v to another. Ive a colt bv The Barb." " Which Barb ?" ask« the other. « Why, the black Parb." " Which of them ?" "Tait's, of course " ; and as the single literal d.fference in tho spelling of the two owner's names makes none m the pronunciation, the two breeders may separate as they met, without either knowing positively which Barb the colt thoy have talked about is by. Further, it will bo necessary, when assigning parentage to Barb stock, to » distinguish somehow between the two sires ; and as mis- takes are sure to crop up in the spelling of tho owner's names, supposing that to be tho difference attempted, the only way I soo k to describo the old bornes stock QB by The Barb by Sir Hercules I BOO no other way to eet out of the muddle which Mr. Tate has manag«d to got us into. In the «Id country such a distinction was fortunately easy, when one horse could be distinguished aB "IRISH Birdcatcher." Tho other horse of the same name was own brother to Piokpooket, winner of the Chester Cup iu 1833, both being by St, ¡Patrick, laey belonged to BirBwfcaid Bulkeley ; were trained on Holywell Racecourse, within a souple of miles of where I was born ; and I w eil re- ] member Birdoatcher running second to Margrave for j The Leger in 1832. Sir Richard Bulkeley called the house he built for his trainer, Brunton (who was suc- ceeded by Charles Peck), Pickpocket Hal), after the Chester Cup winner. This Birdcatoher was a rank rearer ; and X fancy was little, if at all, used in England as a aire; b t most likely went on to the Continent, -ur rules, if stringently adhered to, will prevent t*o horses of the same namo racing at the same time, I chink; which, if I m correct, will uoi essitat« an altera- tion in the second Barb'B name, should he and the «rand horse he was cal'ed after run at Randwick in the autumn; but even though two animals called alike may not be on the turf at one and the same time, they will lead to trouble even at the stud in years to come. I'm not fond of having horses run too much on the name of their Bire or dam: as Princess Yattendon, Lord Yattendon, The Sir Hercules, The Pitsford ; the two lat- ter having no significance whatever ; for if tho system goes on long unaltered, we shall presently seethe Stud Book made up in much the same style as the oittle men s Herd Book, and run a great risk of having the Derby won about five years heneo by " Kingsborough 5th," or "Kelpie's Queen' take the Sydney Cup to Tocal. In making some such entries, there is a great chance of two animals being put down by the receiving secretary instead of one; as indeed has already been the caBe on many occasions, to wit Princess Yatcoiidon only a week or two ba^k made two entrieB-Princess, and Yattendon ; and wo shall find ourselves settled down in the old groove, wherein we drop across entries such as "The Young English Mare," "The Waterloo Maro.' That we aro drifting insensibly into this undesirable state of things may be gathered from the fact that even Mr G S Hall, jun., describes an jentry as being out of " The C >8sack Mare " It's only the other day that it was difficult to know whether Mr. John M Quade s cele- brated old mare was properly called "Be»«y Bedlam" or " Camel Bessy," and on this head I certainly must plead ignorance. It is one of the hidden myteries of our horse breeding system, which of the many Bessy Bedlams, if any, went hence to Melbourne or Adelaide The pertinacious sticking to the family name of Gulnare caused doubts to be cast on the genuineuess of The Barb s family tree; and the almost countless variations in another notable case of the same kind made " Young Brown Moonshine" a necessary compound As a rule, there are plenty of appr priate names, by which the name of sire or dam can always be indirectly, distinctly, and intelligibly preserved, without a verb, et lit. repetition; and this style of perpetuating some family strength or weakness in tho name of a colt or filly not only sounds much better, but gives the owner credit for more originality and power of thought than if he Bays, " I've got a grand Yattendon colt, he must a« called Buss Yattendon." If one looks through the list of mares entered in any Produce Stakes, along with the sires, there will be found very few combinations that do not between them suggest Borne appropriate name for the increase, without falling back on the old names, unadorned ; and as an instance or two, on the dams side alone-Nightshade gives us "'Hemlock.'' "Foxglove,'' "Opium," and "Bella Donna;" Emery's stock may ho called "Kuife Grinder," "Sandpaper,' "Scissors," aud "Polisher;" from'Washed Ashore w«* can have " Se* Waif" and " Wrecker; ' Titania will be well represented by "Moore Carew," "Sir Bamfjlde,'' " Gipsy Queen," &c; "Jam l'art" and "Roley Polej" will sufficiently well hand down the name of Preserve, as " Moorcock' and "Ptarmigan'will of Heather Kell; while any quantity of native birds may c'aim descent from Budgerigah. Then "Puck," "Funny F« How," and " Joker" como as three excellent off-ßhoots of Frolic ; " Trap Door,'' " Door Post, ' and " Window Rill" may own Lintel as their mother; Bridesmaid produces, coi inappropriately, "Wedding Day," "Engagement," "Bridegroom," and "Beat Man;"' Zephyr easily sug- gests " Dust Coat," especially if one happens to be in Melbourne on a Derby Day; "Second Sight," "Eye Glass," " Medium," and " Clairvoyant" are excellent followers of Vision; Sappho might wellproduce a "Tom Moore," a "Tennyson," and au "L. E. L.;" and I question if there could be better or more likely followers of a union of Hamlet and Poetess than " Ophelia," " The Ghost," and " Soliloquy." I have just given a few in- stances of what may be done; and I'm quite sure a little thought will show how muoh better such uames are, both for present convenience and future reference, than the persistent hacking of some time-honored family name. A great evil, I consider, is the naming of race- horses in a language "not understanded of the people," aud giving Englishmen long French "titles" (I can't call them names) to make bubble and squeak of. 'We all know that, if a simple word is capable of being wrongly pronounced, the feat will be accomplished by the betting ring; and it is simply ridiculous giving them real sentences to get their tongues round, which the most intimate aoquaintanee with English-school French . is unequal to ; as if, for argument sake, some great general officer could not take the place so ostentatiously filled by "Géant des Batailles" (there's a jaw-breaker for the Racing Calendar). Tho long list of names so every way appropriate to follow Fireworks is surely not so nearly exhausted as to make recourse to "Feu d' Arti- fice" necessary; and it seems hard to conceive that in tho whole of the starry firmament "Etoiledu Matin"should be the only name lett available for a daughter of " Etoile du Soir." If mares with French names nre sent out here from England, there's no reason that I know of why we should become " French and all French" on that account. Can the English epicure not find in his li it of made dishes something worthy to rank under the head of PiVé? and, "Oh, my country!" is it necessary to sparoh the French language for graphic as well as onphonious illustrations of Patrie? In fact, there are fountain heads galore at which the mean« of naming racehorses are easily procurable. The playwright con- tinually furnishes a new and ever changing vocabulary of proper names to lovers of the drama, as tho novelist also supplies his readers ; and thus the PresB and the Stage aro a great stand-by to owners of horses wanting natnos. The history of war, of politics, and of crime, will be found never failing in this regard ; and if wo look for novelty or sensation, our American courin comes brimful to the rescue. The naming of horses is so won- derfully Himple and eaRy that no excuse cxiatB whygauy of the difficulties I have pointed out Bhould uri BO. There's no valid renson for leaving horBPB without names; any more than for calling every young onoafter some old celebrity, whether it bo father, mother, uncle, or aunt; aud I'm quito sure wo need not findja lot of crack-jaw wordß given tous to tako liberties witb,§when the Queen'« English will próvido a supply of ono. two, and three syllables, sufficient to designate ull tho blood : horses bred yearly in Australia. 