THE LORD BISHOP OF BRISBANE AT CHARTERS TOWERS, NORTHERN QUEENSLAND. {From our Correspondent.) It will ba interesting to many of tho readers of tho Freeman's Journal to hear something o£ tho progreso of Catholicity in this fiouriGhing gold-Sold. It io oaly four and a-half yeara ngo oinco tho precious metal was first found here, and yot already—if a spacious, beautiful, and well-appointed church, a large and rospeotable congregation, and crowded oonfesaionala justify tho encomium — Charters Towera Mission would compare not unfavourably with many parishes in European countriea which have had centuries of existence. Of Jate, as you will perceive from the estraota which I enclose, we have had a visit from our beloved Bishop. His Lordship is not a stranger to the miners of the north, who will never, as long aa thoy live, forget how he has frequently ridden over hundreds of miles, often unattended, and oftoner, too, in parts of tho country infested by bloodthirsty aboriginals, how he has camped out for weeks together, and dared both heat and danger in order to purify and enrich the outpoafc membera of his flook with the gifts of his sacred ministry. The fol lowing are the extracts referred to : — Ife will bo remembered (says the Northern Advocate of Sept. 30.) that his Lordship BLhop O'Quiun, visited tho gold-field while, it was yet in ita infancy — In the year 1872 — and that happily hie presenoe was then the means among other blessings, of arresting a very serious disturbance of the public tranquillity. The miners of the field will not soon forget his Lordship's address during tho 'Trevethan Riot,' which was quelled,,mainlys if not entirely, by his great wisdom and influence. His Lord ship's services throughout this oolony have been numerous and important ; but the miners of the North owe him an eBpaoial gratitude, on account of his services to them. Hia visits to tho Cape River, Ravenswood, tho Etheridge, and Palmer gold-fields — made a!: great incon veoience and serious personal risk — must bo remembered by all for years and years to come, and particularly by tho Catholic inhabitants of the North. With ouch antecedents, it ia not wondorful then, that his Lordship has bean received, on hia present visit with what we do not hesitate to describe as little short of a princely welcome. When it booame known that he was to arrive here on Thursday last, it was at onoe decided to give hia Lordahip a becoming reception. With thia object in view, a number of gentlemen — some of them aot Roman Catholics — waited on the Rev. Father Fouby, tlio parish prieat of the district, to ask his view on the matter. T?o need not Bay that tho rev. gentleman oordially agreed with them, as to the propriety of their intention, and announced laofc Sunday at both Masaoa thafc3 in oonaequenoo of their ouggeationa, he had daoided to leave St. Columbkill's Praabytory at 2 o'clock p.m. on Thursday, and that he would be happy to accompany fchoso who intended to meei; Mo Lovdobip, v?ho waa to come by Oobb and Co .'a coach. At fcho appointed timo, quite an army of men on horseback had colloofced at tho paviBh church, and fihoy left with tho intontion of mooting hia Lordahip within aeveu a? eight inilos of tho gold ileld. It was difficult to esfclra&fco; tho number of equestrians prooont, but fchero wore quito & hundred gatbosocl (a very largo number conaidering the difficulty in procuring horaeshereat the present time), and atauch shorb notice. A very large assembly of those who could not provide horses, stationed themselves along his Lordship's intended route. What, with the dusty road and intense heafc, the journey of tho cavalcade would not have been pleasant, but for the joy which thrilled every heart at the prospect of meeting their beloved Bishop. They rode on together for twelve milea, until they reaohed the summit of a hill, when the coach being descried a short dia tanoe off, ono united shout of joyous acclama tion waa raised on seeing his Lordship. Upon ifcs_ arriving thoy then respectfully aaluted him, and many came forward and on bended knees raceived the episcopal blessing, which he imparted with hia unual kindnese. At the invitation of the Rov. Father Fouhy, his Lordship, who had descended from the coach, mounted a very fine horse, which we may en paBBent mention was spon. taneously offered for the occasion by a Protes testanb gentleman -hia own favourite hack — one the Bishop had ridden at the Cape, over ten years before, His Lordahip, with the Rav, Father Fouhy, and the Rev. Fathor Beeohinor (of Hobart Town), took up positions at the head of the procession, and rode thus to the Towers. At several places along the line of route, the procession was met by partiss of horce and foot men. Aq they neared the Towers, ths mag* nifioent bell of St. Columbkill'a (the second largeat in the colony, we believe) pealed out a joyous welcome. Numerous spectators here lined the approach to the church while the church ground itself wa3 peopled with a a numerous aosembly, consisting of men, women, and children — the men, as usual here, preponderating. Aa his Lordship rode up to the door of the church, a great chorus of wel come waa given by the men — even the women and children joining in the hurrah ! Then his Lordship dismounted, ao did the escort, and all knelt down reverently to receive hia blessing. He theu entered the church, assisted by the reverend gentlemen noticed, and followed by the whole body of the people, who, when kneel in their places, almoat crowded the edifica. After a few minntes of ailenf; prayer before the alfcar, his Lordshtp then briefly addressed those present in v/ords of great affection. Among3t other thingo, he Baid how glad he was to witness tho many ..evidences of prosperity, he had even already seen in the place, and how thankful they ought to be that the Almighty had given them, of . His infinite bounty ao Gmany good things since hie Lord« Bhip's laot visit. He alco referred to the good feeling which he knew existed here, aa in other partD of the colony, between Catholioa and members of other denominations ; and expressed an earnoet hope that all the inhabitants of the colony wou'd thua cordially unite in promoting their mutual happiness and welfare. The organ played a'.hymn of welcome to Lordship, when he proceeded out of the church to the presbytery, where he its at preoenfc a guest. We have only to say, in conclusion, that his Lordship has re ceived a welcome here ouch aa has not greeted any other on this gold-field ; and, no doubt, one that for many years will bo remembered with pleasare by all the Catholics of Charters. Towers. The Advocate of Oot. 7 reports ;— On Sunday last at eleven o'clock Mass, hia Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane addressed a crowded con-- gregation in St. Columbkill's Church. In tho . bsginniag of. his discourse he adverted to various matters of local interest, and afterwards he exhorted hia hearers in words of rare eloquence to avail of the advantages of the Jubilee, to announce whioh waa one of the chief objects of hia visitation. His Lordship concluded his remarks iu a most feeling strain, after having spoken for fully an hoar, during which time he riveted the attention of hia audience bo thoroughly that the universal regret was he had finished so soon. After the service and before his Lordship left the church, the Rev. Father Fouhy, with Messrs. T. Kelly, E. P. Graham, and Arthur Murphy approached the altar, when Mr. Thomas Kelly, in the name of the Catholics of Charters Tor/ers, read the following iddresa : — ' Addross of the Catholics of Charters Towers Goldfield to the Right Rev. Dr. O'Quinn, Lord Bkhop of Brisbane. 'May ib please your Lordship. — We, the Catholioa of the Charters Towers GoldField, most respectfully approach yonr Lordship, to tender you our hearty welcome on this your second visit to thia district, and newly- developed portion of yonr diocese, and to humbly convey to you the love and loyalty with which we are animated towards.you aa 6ho ono appointed by the Boly Ghost to watch over our spiritual r/elfaro. 'We beg to congratulate your Lordship on the auocosa whioh has crowned your epiaoopal labours, the fruits of which aro now beginning to appear amonga b us, as well as ehewiure, throughout your vast diocese. ' We heartily thank you for havang erected this goldfield into a separate mission, and for having placed over ua tho Rev, Father Fouhy, of whose zeal and efficiency during tho ehort time he hns beon with uo vvs feel certain your Lordship has already seen ample proof, ' Doubtless, your Lordship will have slrenc'y observed that we havo considerably enlarged our ohuroh and plaoed a valuable organ inii, and that we are called to worship by the Bono* roua nad melodious tones of a bell, excelled but by 0110, and equalled only by another in tho wholo colony ; that onr good priest haa erected s for him n commodioii3 residence, and that ho is j now about undertaking the eroctlon of asui(- j able Gchool building for tha edncation of our j Catliolio youth, aud that as this in fairly under- j takou, v/o aro all prepared fco tondor to him in jj tho work our most hearty corporation. j ' Ouo reason for referring more particuTav'y 1! 60 theso dotaila (in themsolvos not, perhaps, to | jsaportnuti no othoi* affairs ia connection with ♦ our' church) is, tha£ we know ib must be par ticularly gratifying to your Lordship to witness such feigns of progress in a plaoe over which your Lordship rode before ic had a nr.ma oi' an inhabitant, which ia 1100 miles from the ospitfil of tho oolony, and which, but four and a-half shorb years ago, wag discovered and proclaimed a goldfiold. ' We desire to tender to your Lordship the expression of our deepest and most heartfelt sympathy, with onr Holy Father in the trials and sufferings to which he has been subjected by those especially who are bound to him in tho strongest ties of gratitude. We believe, with out the shadow of a donbfc, that the Church will come forth from her triala unscathed and triumphant, because v/o have the asnurance of her Divine Founder, she is builb ' upon a rock,' andtbat ' the gates of hell shall never prevail againsb her.' Meanwhile, evils, not easily re* paired, are occurring in the subversion of Law and Order, civil and religious ; in the destruc tion of time-honoured institutions, in the oppression of tho most meri torious members of society, and iu the dejeobion of the weak. That those evila may speedily terminate, we humbly put up our prayers to tha Throne of Mercy, during this holy season of the Jubiie?. And we humbly beg your Lordahip to convey to hi3 Holiness these our sentiments, and to implore for us and for our children the Apostolic Benedic tion. ' And now, humbly prostrate^ ask your blessing. ' Signed on behalf of the Catholica of Char ters Towers, 16 Aethue Muuphy, ' ' Thomas Kelly, ' E. P. Geaham.' His Lordship, who appeared deeply affected, replied pretty ceavly aa follows : — 'My Friends, — I thank yon irom my heart for this warm and touching address. I confess your reference to my former visits to this locclity, and to the progress which has been made here, gives mo particular gratification. The signs of permanent settlement I have seen in every parb of the north sure prise me, bub the progress of Charters Towers within the Ia3t few years appears to have excelled that of all other northern settle ments. Indeed, it seema aa if this goldfield, with the towns gradually approaching each other, waa beginning to assume the dimensions *' of an island cifcy — and should ib progress for the next foui* years as ib has dono for the last four it will become such. ' I am glad to be able to congratulate yon, Irish Catholics, in holding yonr place ia the van of this onward progress. You may well refer with pride to your excellent church and presby tery, your organ end bell — which speak well for your generosity and cordial co-operation with your prieat, who so ably and wisely gaidea 5 on. I am gl'id to witness the feelings of reciprocal confidence which so strongly unite the pastor to his flock ; and what has been accomplished here since his arrival amongst you ia the fruits of this escsllent state of things. I had some little difficulty in procuring a prieat to send to your pariah, as you hoped and deserved, and, aa I felt too, you had every reason to expect me to do, when I could geb a gentleman that I should feel suited to yon aa residents of a gold-, field, The choice I made for you seema to hr/re been a happy one, indeed, judging by your own expressions in tho address jusb handed me. Apart from my personal knowledge of Father Fonhy's adaptability and peculiar fitness to you as Irish Catholics, and of your position and calling on a new goldfield like thia. I at any rate am not ashamed of that choice — and, I per ceive by your expressions that; you also are fond of your good priest — and so yon may. 'Having said this much a9 regards yonr present pastor, i will now revert to another matter that imtimately concerns you. The ina crease of population here, and in adjacent town ships, already points to ths necessity of a second priesb, and I am assured by Father Fonhy that abundant- means for hia support will be forth coming. I shall ba happy to send ono to you as soon as I can, but I mast observe that this is only one of many places in the diocese where the number of tho clergy require to be doubled. ' I sball not fail to convey to our beloved Holy Father the expressions of your fiiir.l devo tions to his sacred person, and of your earnest sympathy with him in his sufferings. In the - niidst of his trials aud solicitudes, ha has been mindfal of you, and sent you messages full of paternal kindness and love — v/hich messages I have already made known to you. After receiving the blassings of the Jubile-, which ho has bo graciously extended to us, you will be more than ever solioitous to carry out his expressed wishes — that you should avoid what ever is contrary to the laws of God, aud of His Church, aud labour for your owu salvation and for the good and advancement cf religion. ' Wishing yon a continuation and an iacreaso of your prosperity, I will now bless yon from the bottom of my heart.' After extending to those presanfc hi3 episcopal bleBuing, his Lordship, who appeared somewhat fatigued after his lengthened Gernion, and the receiving nnd replying to tho oddiess, then with drew to tho sacristy, attended by the Rev. Fathora Fouhy aad Beoolrinor. On October 6 his Lordship adruinistored the Sacrament of Confirmation to a large number of children of both, aosea and to somo adults. He addressed tho children most fosliaglyj nnd at corao length, botlibef oro nnd aftet tho onovamoatal ceremonies, and, what was a most interesting aa well as edifying incident, his Lordship oxhetod from each of tho ^newly-confirmed a pledgo to abaWn from all intoxicating drinks uutil ho or olio would havo reached tho ago of 2o yeara. Altogether all that our good^Bishop baa -Eeeu at Ohartora Towora musb fco very gratifying to him, His Lordship lof& -?a Oc'ofcer 7, by Oobb and Co.'s coach, for Towns ville. We wero a^o favoured with a visit from the Bev. D. F. X. B(-Gchinor, who is collecting fn^dn in this colony for the re-erection of St. Mark's Cathedral, Hobarfc Town. Hia Lord fchip, as m 1! aa onr good parish priest, Bpoke stmippty from the altsr in favour of hiB miotion. Bis lordthlp c-'id on Sunday laofe in roference to thio matter, that ho bad groat pleasure in recorr mending Father Beechinor's cppeal. The Lord Bishop of Hctnrt To*n, he said, had been a personal friend of his for thirty years — a vi DeraMe Biohop, be added, who, befor« hie appnintment to the See of Hobarfc Town, hud already spent the whole of a mofct successful episcopate in Hyderabad, India. He (Bishop Murphy) was greatly distressed at the snd con dition of his cathedrnl, which is in daily and hourly danger of frl!iDg to the ground, owing either to bad foundations or to unfaithful work tnanship. This forcible recommendation, of our beloved Bishop, in favour of an object moot truly meritorious, woo followed by au eloquent and vigorouQ dicouroe, in v;hich Father Beechinor explained more at length the im mediafe object; of his coming anaongsfc us, I must mention that; this rev, gentlemen con ducted tbe exorcises of the Jubilee referred to in the above extracts. In doing do, he bao gained for himself here a reputation which will not soon be forgofifcen, not only as a scholar and a gentleman, but also as a zealous minister of Jeans Christ, and a most successful preacher of His Sacred Word, Every morning of the Jubilee week crowdo approached the altar, and on Monday last, the closing day of the exercises, the multitude of communicants wag a spectacle never to be forgotten by the beholders. Before, during, and after the Jubilee Father Beechinor seemed never to lose sight ol his im mediate object, in which, he wan so successful j bo that it ia a Baying one often hears in tbe claims and in the streets, that the good Bishop of Hobait Town did not make a miotake when he ohose Father Beeohinor to collect for the build - ing of his cathedral. One uncommon cirenmn stance I will add on this subject — ordinarily, people wish, a colluotor would leave their neigh bourhood as ooon as possible 5 in Father Beeohinor's caoe, we were all wishing he wculd prolong his stay among ub. The rev. gentleman left on Saturday, the 13th October, by the moil coast en rotate to Port Mackay. 