[?] THE GREAT COOLEY INQUEST. named ThoniasVi-ho lived at a place called Vandyke, in New Castle county. Thomas Cooley was, in some respects, a very remarkable man. He was gifted with genius, but it was genius of an impracti- cable kind, ne was an lnvemm, anu during the later years of his life he de voted all his time to tlie work of construct ing surprising machines which would never do anything when they were con structed. Down at the patent office they got so at last that when a new model and specifica tions would come along from Cooley, the commissioner and clerks would grant him a patent on the spot, for they knew, from a rich and generous experience, that when Cooley invented anything it was perfectly certain to be unlike any other_ contrivance ever conceived by the mind of fallen man; and they were aware, at any rate, that nobody "who was sane enough to be at large would ever want to interfere with Cooley's exclusive right to pin together such a bewildering and useless lot of cranks and anxles and Avheels. I think Cooley bad about two hundred patents of various kinds ; and besides the machines and dodges thus protected by law, he -owned scores of others which were never heard of in Washington or anywhere else but at Cooley s home. Cooley had a kind of " den" of his own in the garret. He used to shut himself up 111 this for hours together while he per fected his inventions or conducted his chemical investigations. His last idea was that he could put together a compound which would rule gunpowder out of the market, and make the destruction of armies and navies comparatively easy. And so, for a time, Mm Cooley, while bustling about in the vicinity of the den, instead of hearing the buzz and hum of wheels and tlie click of the hammer, would sniff terrific smells, evolved by the irre pressible Cooley from the contents of his laboratory. And one day there came a fearful explosion. The roof was torn off and reduced to splinters, and Thomas Cooley had disappeared. — Vn.nd.vke, jis I have said, is in New close to the boundary line Uetween Dela ware and the counties of Cecil and Kent, in Maryland. And so it was not surprising when, a fewr minutes after the explosion, persons in all three of the counties perceived fragments of a demoralised and disinte grated human being tumbling from the air. The pieces of the unhappy victim of the disaster were unevenly distributed be tween New Castle, Cecil, and Kent. The first named got twelve of tlie fragments. There were persons who thought Cooley might have showed even greater partiality for his own county, but I do not blame him ; he was in a measure controlled by circumstances. I think the friends of the coroner com plained with greatest bitterness. He was an enthusiastic coroner. He had been known, when one of Dr. Tobias Jones's relatives returned from Egypt with a mummy embalmed fifteen hundred years before the Christian era, to seize that ancient subject of Pharaoh and summon a juiy and sit upon it, and brood over it and think. And it is rumoured that he put that jury up to bringing in a verdict, " The death of the deceased ensued from cause or causes unknown, at the hands of persons also unknown." His enemies at the next election openly asserted that he charged the county with the usual fee, with, compound interest from the time of Moses. So of course when Thomas Cooley went up, he wasn't sorry ; and the more Cooley was scattered over New Castle county, the more serene and affable the coroner felt. When lie selected his jury and looked around him a little in order to command the situation, he perceived that Cooley had put into his hands a tolerably good thing. The coroner , spent tlie next three days holding an inquest upon each of the twelve fragments of the deceased. He empanelled a new jury every time, and then proceeded cautiously and deliberately in each case. _ There was Uy no means complete una nimity of opinion. The first jury decided that " the deceased met his death by being struck by something sudden." The se cond one advanced the theory that "Tho mas Cooley was surreptitiously and insi diously blowed apart." The others threw out suggestions respecting the probability that the trouble came from Cooley's well- known weakness for flying machines, or from his being lifted out and cut np by some kind of a . hurricane. Once the jury decided not 1 to bring in a verdict, but merely to pass resolutions of regret. And the coroner would sit there over the particular piece of Cooley in question, and smile and permit these manifestations of generous feeling to have full play. It didn't perplex him that all the verdicts differed. " Truth," he remarked to a friend, " is well enough. ; But as Cooley is certainly dead," what's the odds if Ave can't agree as to what killed him? Let us collect our fees Vand yield with Christian resignation to: destiny." It Avas always'interestine: to me to hear tliat coroner converse upon the subject of resignation. He 'would father have died than to have resigned" while any of the Cooleys were in toAvn Inventing explosive compounds. .The Cecil county coroner disco veredsix pieces of the deceased Avithin his jurisdic tion, but his pride would not permit him to yield the supremacy in such a matter to his rival over the line. The New. Castle man had twelve inquest, and so would he, with more besides. And his juries used to go out and consult and oome in after a while with a majority report, declaring, | perhaps, that deceased was killed by fool- j ing with some sort of a gun, and a inino- j rity report insisting that he liad been murdered and dissected by a medical stu dent or students unknown. , x- And then the coroner Avould disband the inquest and drum- up a fresh jury, Avliicb Avould also disagree, until out of those six fractions of poor old Cooley the coroner got thirty-seven deliberations, with the attendant fees. And every time the doctors would testily that post-mortem examinations revealed the fact that the inside of the deceased Avas crammed with fragments of the Latin language, and in- A'ariably the jurors" "would sit there and try to look as if they understood those terms, although a dim impression pro- vailed inost of the time that the physi cians Avere indulging recklessly in profa- nity. "And when a relative of Cooley.'s testified before the thirty- seventh jury that "Tho mas Cooley Avas a man of marked idiosyn crasies, and his brain Avas always excited by his irresistible fondness for chimeras of A-arious kinds," the jury looked solemn and immediately brought in a verdict that " death Avas caused by idiosyncrasies form ing on his brain in consequence of exces- sive indulgence in chimeras, thus supplying an aAvful Avarning to the young to refrain from the use of that and other intoxicat ing beverages." Only two pieces fell in Kent county, but the coroner Avas animated by even greater professional enthusiasm than his the entire season OA-er as much of Cooley as he could reach. All his juries but one disiipreed. and he had eirrhtA'-four. The sixth Avould have been unanimous, but for an obstinate man named Selfridge. All the others Avere for a a'erdict of myste rious butchery, but Selfridge insisted upon attributing the disaster to nitro-glycerine. So earliest Avas he that he fought over the subject Avith a felloAv-juryman named Smith and he held Smith doAvn and re monstrated aa'ith him, and shoAved him the matter in different lights, and bit his nose to convince Smith that the nitro-glycerine hypothesis Avas correct. And aa-hen the jury avus discharged, Selfridge, true to his solemn convictions, carried the Avar into the papers, and published an obituary poem entitled " A Monody on the Death of Thomas Cooley," in which he presented his arieAvs in this fashion : " When Cooley got his glycerine all pro perly adjusted, He knocked it unexpectedly, and suddenly it busted ; And when it reached old Thomas C. he got up quick and dusted, And left his Avife and family disheartened and disgusted." It was discovered that one of the bones of the deceased had fallen directly across the boundary line between Cecil and Kent. As soon as the fact Avas reported, the coroner of Kent rallied a jury upon his end ; and just as the proceedings were about to begin, the Cecil coroner arrived with a jury for the purpose of at! ending to his share of the aarork. While the au thorities of Kent mused at one end of the bone, the jurymen of Cecil reflected at the other end, and the result was that each brought in an entirely different a'er dict. But they Avere unanimous on the question of the collection of fees. In all there Avere thirteen or fourteen conflicting arerdicts rendered, and so some uncertainty prevailed as to the precise cause of Cooley's death. Men's minds were unsettled, and their conclusions Avere de moralised, in the presence of so much They Avere a a blessing for the people of the counties. Almost every man in the neighbourhood had had a turn at Cooley's remains, and some of them had served on the juries six or seA'en times. The farmers all bought neAV mowing-machines that spring aa'ith their fees. The doctors col lected more money for post-mortem exa minations than they Avould lia\\-e done in a time of an epidemic of small-pox and sudden death. People fixed up their houses and paid off mortgages and laid in their pork and started grocery stores and gave hops out of the profits of Cooley's explo sion. And there Avere men Avho cherished a wish that Cooley could be put together again and exploded once a month for the next decade. But that of course, was im possible. One day when the tide of prosperity was at its height, the Avidow Cooley per ceived a wagon driving up to her door. The man within the vehicle dismounted, and unloaded four pieces of iron pipe sixty feet long. Presently another Avagon arrived, and this driver also unloaded the same quantity of pipe. Then a third driver arrived and did tlie same thing. Then a fourth came, and Mrs. .Cooley saAv a man in it with a queer-looking object by him. It proA-ed to bo Thomas Cooley himself. Thomas had been up to the city at a machine-shop getting up a Avorkine- model of a neAV kind of a patent duplex elliptic artesian pump ; and now he Avas home again. The remains scattered over the counties were — so Cooley said — merely a lot of beef Avith which he had been try ing to make a new kind of portable soup and an improA'ed imperishable army saus age ; and the explosion, he thought, must have been caused by spontaneous combus tion. - Thomas Cooley would have been happy after all, but for one thing — everybody outside of his oavu family refused to recognise him as a living man. If he Avas willing to move about in the community in the character of an unburied corpse, would-be revolutionary. The foundations . of society would be shaken, the majesty of the law. would suffer insult, the fabric of republican government would be under mined. If a being Avho was legally only a mere cadaver was to be permitted to strut out into daylight, and to. urge incen diary theories about the condition of his a'ital spark, nothing Avould be safe ; there would be no guarantee that the cemeteries Avould not unload, and that all of the de parted avouI d -not be crowding out and . Ayanting to vote. Besides, if it Avas ad mitted that Cooley was yet alive, all the money that had been earned by the jury men, all the fees that had been charged by coroners would haA'e to be returned to the county treasuries. The people were aghast at the thought. The coroners entered into a solemn compact to persist in ignoring Cooley, or to regard him merely as an absurd and very indelicate goblin who had behaved in a manner wholly unworthy of a ghost with gentlemanly instincts. They declared publicly that they could the people would agree not to interfere and not to insist upon his burial; but that was as far as they could go conscien tiously. Their duty to society, their obli gations to the laAv, compelled them to reject the idea that he was anything more than inanimate remains. He Avas officially dead. The fact had been declared under oath by hundreds of jurymen, and it was registered in the records of two States and three counties. The testimony Avas over whelmingly against him. To admit that he was still alive Avould he dangerous, it not admit that Cooley was alive, unless there should be a general resurrection in the States of Delaware and Maryland, and until ' that time arrived, they considered that the 'best thing Cooley could do would be to select a sepulchre some where it'nd creep into it and behave. j i 