QUEENSLAND. The Brisbane Courier of the 22nd says-A telegram, confirmative of those already published regarding the Hodgkinson rush, was yesterday received by the Inspector of Mines from Mr. Howard St. George, Police Magistrate of Cooktown. It is as follows :-" Wardens Hill and Selheim, writing on the 14th instant, report the Hodgkinson River gold-field to be only suitable for a small rush. It is already overdone. Numbers are returning disappointed and penniless. Strongly deprecate a continuance of what they themselves term this insane rush." Those who are already returning, disgusted at the result of their long tramp, must admit that no fault can be attached to the prospectors, who from the first described the alluvial as patchy and not very plentiful, and did all they could to discourage a large rush. The same paper says Intelligence having been received as to the time when the It. M.R. Queensland would reach the anchorage in Moreton Bay, the members of the Government and members of both Houses of Parliament happen- ing to be in Brisbane, with several other gentlemen, including representatives of the Press, the party, numbering about forty, started for the Bay in the Government steamer Kate, shortly before eight o'clock yesterday morning, to receive the Hon. A. Macalister, who was a passenger by the mail steamer, and give him a friendly welcome on his return to the colony. nearing the mail steamer, Mr. Macalister was seen on the poop, and greeted with lusty cheers ; a few minutes later and the Kate was alongside, when her passengers, walking on board the Queensland, were met by Mr. Macalister on the gangway, and a hearty shaking of hands and many expressions of mutual con- gratulation followed. A stay of an hour afforded the visitors an opportunity of inspecting the internal fittings and arrangements of this really splendid vessel (which was fully described in the Courier of the 20th ultimo), and at eleven o'clock the party, with Mr. Macalister and some other gentlemen, went on board the Kate, which then started for Brisbane, the crew of the mail steamer firing two guns and giving three parting cheers, from hop forecastle, which were warmly responded to from the Kato. On the way up the river, the company partook, of a champagne luncheon, which was followed up by toasts suitable to the occasion, At the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court held at Maryborough, Queensland, on April 11, Alexander Hixson was charged with the murder of his wife, Annie George Hixson. The particulars of this case were published two or three weeks ago. The prisoner was supposed to have strangled his wife, with whom he had been living on bad terms. Dr. Little, one of the medical witnesses, considered it probable that the marks of strangulation might have been caused by the deceased herself;. ' His' Honor Judge Lutwyche quoted Shakspeare's description of the murder of the Duke of Gloucester in (' King Henry VI." : " See how the blood is HQttlod on his face ! Oft have I soon a timely parted ghost Of ashy semblance, meagre, pale, and bloodless, Being all descended to the labouring heart ; Who, in the court that it holds with death, Attracts the same for alliance 'gainst the enemy ; which with the heart, there cools, and ne'er returneth To blush and beautify the cheek again. But see, Ida face is black, and full of blood ; His eyeballs further out than when he lived. Staring full ghostly into a strangled man ; His hair Tewantin, his, nostrils stretched with struggling, " " His hands abroad displayed, as one that grasped And tugged for life, Hedwig by strength subdued." Dr. Little said he was not familiar with, the passage, but the description was, an, excellent one of the B1y'in,nt,oiiiB. of ntwiguiution, The prisoner denied his guilt. His Honour in summing up, pointed out that strong suspicion against the prisoner was not sufficient ; the jury must be sure that his hands were the direct cause of her death, and there was no direct testimony to that effect. The greatest difficulty was the medical evidence, and there was a good deal of doubt there. Dr. Little had asserted that he was not satisfied in 118. give i\\\»)(\, and if the evidence had QtidiVT Mintaro Ave sJianUt have told them to acquit the prisoner. But there was other and very strong evidence, and if the jury had no reasonable doubt they must return a verdict of guilty. After an absence of half an-hour, the jury returned with a verdict of " not guilty," in the prisoner was dùronargoU, Says the Northern Argus (Rockhampton) : " Some persons seem to have great faith in the prescience of postal officials. We met with an illustration of this only a few days ago ; but the same thing occurs almost weekly. A bushman came to town, possibly to have a spree we don't know. But he wanted money, and being a depositor in the Savings Bank, he went to the Post Office and produced his deposit book. ' You are a stranger here,' said the officer 1 - you must prove to me that you are the person mentioned in the deposit book. Are you known to any in town V ' That is my book, and you see there is a balance to my credit. Is not that enough?' The officer explained that bank books, like anything else, might be lost or stolen, and asked :-' How am I to know, without some evidence, that the book belongs to you V ? Do you take me for a thief !' was the indignant reply. ' Well, I don't know you,' said the officer. ? Now, how would you like to be told on applying for your money, that it had been paid to some one else?' The Savings' Bank is a humbug, and I'll have no more to do with it" A Cooktown correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, April 18, remarks that "the Chinese have kept the town alive in sensational business during the last few days. One of that interesting race committed suicide by hanging himself at the hospital, and to-day another shot a countryman in the most deliberate and business- like manner imaginable. The shooting affair was a remarkable one. A celestial landing here from Hong Kong some months ago put up at the hostelry of Mr. Jemmy Ah Foo, who keeps a public-house of a not very reputable character at the Chinese quarter of the town. Accord- ing to his own account, he was gambled out of all his money, except a £5 note, at Mr. Ah Foos hostelry, and with that Burn intended to leave for the diggings, and owe the landlord for two weeks' board that was unpaid. But to this the latter appears to have demurred, and assisted by some of his countrymen, set upon the unfortunate immigrant and took from him the £5 note, from which he helped himself to what was owing, and returned the change. John vowed vengeance. ' Me go along Palmer,' he said and come back and shoot you by n bye.' And sure enough he did come back shortly, pistol in hand, and found Jemmy Ah Foo deep in the mysteries of pastry making. To let fly straight for the region of the heart was the work of a moment, but Jemmy started in the nick of time, and the bullet, instead of passing through his body, glanced from his rib and passed under the skin, almost round to the other side, the powder even burning the body, but still the injury inflicted was not dangerous. The other at once gave himself up to the police, but according to his own utterances the unfinished work is yet to be completed after he has paid the penalty of the law for what he has already done." We (Port Denison Times) take no side except that of truth and justice, are subsidised by no Government, liberal or otherwise, and seem to belong to any mean, pettifogging, Little Pedling ton clique. We only say this because it is assumed on the other side of Herbert-street that our clique for the present consists of the two writers of the letters we publish. A very small party indeed-one lawyer, one bailiff, and our noble selves. We hear that the party on " the other side," headed, we believe, by a recently appointed Government officer, whose office should prevent him from dabbling in journalism, have been making overtures for an opposition paper, of course in the Macalister interest. Ye gods ! fancy a second paper in Bowen ! We should be very glad to see it when the time comes, say when some Mr. Mulligan finds an in- credibly rich gold-field in our neighbourhood, or when we get separation. If there should be found a man verdant enough to print another paper here, there will be two victims of mis- placed confidence instead of one. But our brethren of the Press are not fools. The greatest idiot among them that we know of is, we regret to say, ourselves. Instead of shifting our plant, as we ought to have done, from one gold-field to another, where money was to be coined, wo, beguiled by Bowen and its delicious climate, and hoping that its inhabitants might believe were trying to do our best for their good, remained at our post, and have at any rate had the melancholy satisfaction of falsifying the old proverb about the rolling stone, for we have gathered no moss. Better stick, to the law, which is a far better game. ? Don't try a newspaper in a small community that is broken up into cliques ;" for a nervous temperament only one result can be predicted felo de se. Enough for the present, and it is to be hoped for a long time, about We." The blacks," says the Brisbane Courier of April 15, have perpetrated another most daring outrage on the Normanby River, within a mile of the township and of the police camp at that place. A packer named James McNamara, with loading for Edwards-town, camped there one evening last week with 13 horses, and on proceeding to round them up in the morning found seven lying on the ground killed, and three others with spears still sticking in their bodies, while one had been killed and carried away bodily to a distance, where it was skinned, cut up into joints, and the meat removed. The whole of these were valuable animals, while the three which were permitted to escape were but scrubbers in comparison, The police are in pursuit,' to use the stereotyped phrase, but bitter complaint is made by the packers of the apathy of the police force." " A shocking accident took place at Gympie on April 9th," states the Brisbane Courier, " which cast a gloom over the whole town. Some boys wore out shooting, and one of them, Adolphe Jansen, son of Mr. Jansen, jeweller, was carrying or dragging the gun after him, when the trigger caught against a bough, causing the gun to discharge, and the contents entered his side and penetrated to the heart. The poor little fellow expired almost instantaneously. Much sympathy is felt for his. bereaved parents, for the boy, who had passed a creditable Government examination and was at present pupil teacher in the National School, gave promise of making a bright man. He was also a "tin- veral favourite and was beloved by all his schoolfellows. The poor young fellow was lately a ' scholarship boy at the Brisbane Grammar School, and one of the cleverest as well as most amiable boys in the whole school. Jansen displayed an aptitude for learn- ing of an entirely exceptional,! character, and was held in great regard both by masters and boys." M On the night of April 11, states the Brisbane Courier, " on the voyage of the Florence Irving, when the vessel was some 15 miles north of Mackay, a Chinese prisoner named Ah Lee, who was being conveyed from Cooktown to Rockhampton to await his trial for horse-stealing was missed, Search WAS. mails throughout the steamer, but without avail and it is supposed that he jumped overboard and was, drowned, in accordance with the belief of his countrymen as to the necessity of providing for the inner man during the passage from this to another world, John took the precaution of appropriating a loaf of bread before launching out on his journey." 