PATRICK'S DAT. TO THE IEJJITOE.OF. THE ' TEtEOnATTf.' ' 1 Sib, — Whatever this' celebrated 'Patrick' m^y have been, whether saint, hero, demi-god, orjmyth, itisireally-astonishjng'fofind that his ghosj, .or, his shadow, or the idea of his having ? ?oncoio'xistedj-hns so muohipower in:this distant ' colony, and in this land of free secular ? educa tion, as to arrest the progress of all Govern ment business, shut the temples of the money-, changers, 'arid stop the business arid the employ- v 111U11U JIVt (b UUT V/J. JUCHJJ IV I1U VttLL UU.U ' 1 f,'f\ I\\\H\\\ such '-drawbacks. And:all this for what? — Mainly: that the devotees oft Bacchus' may ' debauch^ themselves with somo'show'of 'reason, while they multiply their Patrick's Pots on:' ' Patrick's day in the morning.' . , Now the reason v/hy a-'dayXwas given in honour of St. Patrick in'the mother colony of Now South Wales, is written in tho_p}ironicloB of jHyde Park Barracks;' but it. can havo no application to Queensland. , This Patrick has, no jclalnt on 'us ; or if he has, we surely oughtto . bo jnh'de acquainted with' it. Did ho write itiaj book? Did he found any institution benbfioial to his fellow-men ? Has ho left any memorial of his virtues ? ? Hns any man, or any. museum, * a cast from his skull ? If so, what is the said skull liko? ,Has ho .left any relict except his. ' pot ' for the benefit of posterity ? , ?;?? But it is in small towns, villages, or hamlets, . in the. bush, .on the outside of civilisation, . where drunkenness reigns on St. Patrick's dav. and worso on Shelah's day ; for Mrs. Patrick claims' the day after hor lord, and' then th.e: sisterhood treat the brotherhood, and the pro ceedings are not always such as will '-bear re lating. Surely it is time suoh teaching and such examples were withdrawn from bofore tho;youthv of Queensland. .All honour to those who go cm with thoir work or their business; ' not/ heeding. -creations of. excited imagination degrading' toTKb cdriimiinity. When this city wis a ' settlement,' the writer of this was roused oiit of bed to listen to the ? strains of a band^ — there was ono, wretched fiddle, one gong, and about half- a-dozen tins, of various sizes — one St. Patrick's Morning, and; a demand mado for 'something to fill ' Patrick's pot.' And no doubt thoy got some thing to. go away, for the noise was . execrable. .' And when 'tho ' settlement' was canvassed, which was all completed before daylight, the canvassers adjourned to tho ' St. Patrick,' as in duty bound, 'but the landlord, of that hostelry did not chooso to get up so early. This caused them ' to patronisii the house over the way, where Boniface got out of bod and filled thoir pots until they filled themselves. But he of tho ' St. Patrick' was riled, and to show how little he valued money, while, at the same time, he venerated tho me mory of Patrick, and would see none of his admirers minus a ' pot' on Buch a morning — had a cask of ' Newman and Tooth's' ale rolled out to Queon-streot, uponded, and ..the head takon out, and sotting a small /table alongside, the cask, with two pots for drinking, ho invited all hands to have a 'Patrick's pbf) free, without price. This liborality, however^ : was not-appreciated properly, for the bacchan alians .were all so full they could hold no more; seemingly. But Dolhunty and his tribe coming up, proceeded . to show their advancement in civilisation by their ability to drink white fellows' beverages. This proceeding on their part was not believed to arise from any venera tion of St. Patrick, and they wero summarily dismissed. However, presontly up camo an unexceptional Christian, of tho samo country and colour as St. Patrick himsolf ; ho drank his pot in Bilonce, as was due to tho meinovy of the mighty dead, and then dipping his bueket, from which he had juBt distri buted milk to his customers, departed in good spirits. The liborality of tho kind landlord thus abused, and his pationco sovoroly tried, gavo way, and ho ordored ' Newman and Tooth' to be brought insido, as he did not give it for the benefit of savages suckled in a worn-out creed, nor sand beds who needed gallons to moisten thorn. Thatyoar sundry ship loads of immigrants arrived, sent by Dr. Lang, and St. Patrick has now put , on a more respectablo appearanco, and does not1 sit on a cask in Queen-street. A QUEENSLANDER. 