EDUCATION. There is no doubt one of the principal cries at the' next election will be the "'Integrity of State Education." Both the Secularists and the anti-Secularists are agreed as to the importance of the educational question. Although widely differing as to its administra- tion, both parties' will exert 'them selves to the utmost to return their candidates. Even in North Melbourne the question is exciting. deep interest, and a lecture, delivered recently in the interests of State education, by Mr.'Thomas, an ex-Councillor, at tracted a. larger audience than has hitherto attended the debates of the Re form League. We therefore propose to review the history of education, giving its rise and progress from the earliest dawn of civilisation, to the present time. A modern philosopher, himself among the first, has said, " The only use for universities is to keep philosophy alive." Philosophy takes the sum total of human knowledge and attainment, and welding the dissimilar parts into a homogeneous whole, makes it a substance—a part of its own composition. Philosophy is then really the science of sciences. Ancient philosophy, as we know it, is chiefly that of Greece, for though, in ancient times, philosophy was taught and learned in Persia, Arabia, Egypt, India, and China, in few or none of these countries did speculation assume a scientific form. The lack of irregu- larity in carrying on philosophical in- vestigation was also a detriment to the growth of the science, and hence the speculations of the Egyptians, the Hin doos, and the Chinese led to the develop- ment of a system of mythology rather than to a plan of reasoning. The Chinese speculations were too vague, the Indian too wild, and the Egyptian too mystical for the ancestry of Grecian philosophy to be sought among either of these. Not only, therefore, is the Grecian philosophy the principal philosophy of ancient times, but it is, in fact, the only philosophy : that of Rome being a mere copy or offshoot of it. By common consent the philosophical history of Greece is divided into three eras—that prior to Socrates, that which includes Socrates and his immediate disciples, and the subsequent period distinguished by no remarkable characteristic except that of closing the history of Grecian philosophy. Those periods are, of course, susceptible of subdivision, ac- cording to the different philosophers who instituted each his own school, in which he propounded his own peculiar doc- trines. Before the days of Socrates there were four of these schools—the Ionian , which was materialistic; the Italian, decidedly mystic; the Eleatic, which was rationalistic ; and the Sophis- tic, the believers in which made it a capital point to doubt everything. In the next period were the Socratic, the Cyrenaic, the Cynic, the Megaric, and the Peripatetic schools. The last period of Greek philosophy displays the Skeptic, the Epicurian, the Stoic, the New Academy, and the Jewish-Alexan- drine schools. These, of course, do not follow each other in regular chronologi- cal order: two or more often overlap or exist at the same time, but this arrange- ment coincides with the natural develop ment of thought. The Ionian school governed thought from the sixth to the fourth century B.C:, and was a sort of an association for naturalists, with an aim reaching higher than to physical re- sults. It numbered among its adherent Thales the Wise, Anaximander tho as tronomer, Anaximes, Heraclitus, Dio- genes of Appolonia and Anaxagoras. The Italian school was instituted by Pythagoras, born B.C. 584: "The Eleatic school covered a period of time from B.C. 600 to B.C. 450. Its chief mark was its purely rational and suprasensible character. Its leading teachers were Xenophanes, Parmenides, Zeni, and Empedocles. The Sophists came next, and though they have been greatly cen- sured by Socrates, Aristotle, and Plato, yet the work which they accomplished was of great importance.; The investi gation of the preceding age had de veloped many truths in philosophy, and science was beginning to feel the poverty of language to express the thoughts which burned and glowed in the lively Greek brain. The Sophists received nothing, believed nothing, but by uni- versal doubt and the custom of requir- ing the fullest proof of every meta- physical statement, they sharpened men's wits amazingly, and added largely to the capabilities of the Greek language. They were, in reality; nothing more than exceedingly well-trained rhetoricians, who lost no possible opportunity of tak- ing an opponent at a disadvantage. They did more, they showed how worth- less is any and every philosophy which does not recognise the validity of moral distinctions, and how dangerous it is to tho individual as well as to the State. With Socrates the true philosophy of the world may be said to begin. He came and found so- called philosopher squib- bling and quarrelling over minute rhetorical questions; he went, and left them discussing the great problems which have ever since occupied the at- tention of mankind. His life stands, a grand example, "not for an age, but for all time." Of the story of his labours, as told by Xenophen, by Plato, and by others, the world will never weary. It is too well known for recapitulation, but the longer men reflect the better satis fied they become that, excepting Christ, no man ever exercised so wide-spread an influence as Socrates. He impressed himself upon the minds of his followers, not only as a philosopher, but also as an individual, so that they were unable to decide whether they the more respected the sage or loved the man.' His in- fluence, exerted through Plato and Xeno- phen, and indirectly through Aristotle, will never die. Plato and Aristotle were, great like Socrates, but the latter was a much more loveable character than either. The respective worth of the teachings both of Plato and Aris- totle is too well known to need explana- tion, even where it possible to give a summary of their doctrines in the com- pass of a single article. Following those two great minds there was what must always be called the blank ages. There were men by the thousands, dur in the middle ages, who wrote without reflection, and prepetually philosophized without being philosophical. Numerous schools' existed where a semblance of philosophy was taught and learned. But the only sect, succeeding the Peri- patetics, which made any impression in the world, was the Stoic, and the good this accomplished was more through the purity of life and the precepts of its members than from any other cause. it is diffcult to find, even among Chris- tian writers, examples of loftier senti ment than abound in the writings of the latter Stoics. Epictecus and Seneca, Marcus Aurelius, and Antonnius Pius strive with each other to produce noble thoughts chastely expressed. "No thing for opinion, all for conscience;" " Pleasure must not be a leader, but a companion ;" "Misfortunes, losses, and calamity disappear before virtue as taper before the sun;" "No man is good without God;" "Nothing is closed to God :" "Never forget that it is possible to be at once a divine man, yet a man unknown to all the world," and a thou sand similar aphorisms all resembling more closely the sentences of St. Ber nard than the writings of Pagan philo sophers. The scholastic philosophy of the middle ages amounted in reality to very little. The influence of the Church was too wide spread and too generally exercised to allow of any real growth or advancement in speculation. When men are told at every turn "thou must," or " thou must not," free investi gation is not apt to be common. The fathers of the Church,such as Tertullian, Clement, Origen and Augustine all show in their writings the influence of the Grecian philosophy, and though, during tho long centuries that succeed, a thousand names are mentioned as of eminence in philosophical research, the men themselves did little more than dis cuss the being and attributes of God, the eternal sonship of Christ, of the pro- cession of the Holy Ghost from the Father and the Son. Bacon may be considered the father of modern philosophy. His 'Novum Organumn" . published in 1620, caused the greatest excitement kown for hundreds of years among literary men. Assuming and maintaining, as he did that the in method of observation and experience was the only true way of arriving at the mysteries of philosophy, in place of the deductive or syllogistic method pre viously used, he laid the foundations almost of a new philosophical world. Numberless others, as bold as Bacon and quite as speculative, took up the banner of free thought when it dropped from his nerveless fingers. Descartes established, or thought he established his principle, cogito ergo sum, and founded thereon the Cartesian philo sophy, the corner stone of which he con ceived to be the conception of his own imperfect spiritual existence, and the conception of a perfect existence exterior to his own; in other words, the idea of self and of God. Spinoza and Leibnitz and Malebranche; succeeded, and then in Great Britain came Hobbes, with his "Leviathan,' and Locke and Hume and in Scotland Reid and Stewart. At present two great schools claim the attention of the thinking public. The philosophy of England is led Mill, Spencer, and others. Who they are and what they believe are already well known to every one who reads even no more than the newspapers. But the most original philosophy of the day must be looked for among the Germans. The founder of the German critical philosophy was Emmanuel Kant. He saw the mistakes of preceding philo- sophers and profitted by them. Dis- covering the need of a profounder investigation into the nature and funda- mental laws of the mind itself, he made researches into the depth of the human soul such as had never been known be- fore. He imagined, rightly, that this was the only way to set truth and philosophy on a sure basis. The results of his investigations into the laws of the mind are contained in a single for- midable volume, entitled the "Critique on Pure Reason" In itself it is a sleepy book, and after one trial a tempt- ing lot of sugar-plums must be offered to induce a reperusual. Yet notwith- standing its obscurity, its strange ellipses, and its aptitute to put one to sleep seven nights in the week, it has revolutionized modern thought. Before Kant, philosophers had begun at the outposts of the mind and then examined inward. Kant began at the citadel and went from that to the outskirts. His idea of transcendentalism was liked a revelation. Every one at once saw that a priori conceptions must have the character of necessary, and universal truths. The conception of space and time must be simple, and, as Kant suggests, can be furnished only by the pure reason. Notwithstanding his originality and his unexampled ability, the system of Kant had faults which needed correction. 