MISCELLANEOUS. The Monastory of the Passionist Fathers was opened at Highgate, London, June 16. Tho community was established about eighteen years ago by the late Cardinal Wiseman, at a time when there were very few Catholics in the vicinity, while now the congregation numbers considerably more than a thousand, the greater portion of whom are converts. In the morning High Mass was celebrated by Father O'JSfeiil, the sermon being preached by Mgr. Patterson ; and in the jevening his Eminence the Car* dinal Archbishop of Westminster solemnly blessed the new monastery, and, after officiating at vespers, preached an eloquent sermon. Benediction was then. given, and the proceedings terminated. The London correspondent of the Voco della 'Verita announces in that paper that the Eev. Corby Shipley, the well known Protescant High Church minister, is con verted to Catholicism. Considerable sensation was created in the Tribunes of the Senate at Eome on Wednes day, June 28th, sayg the correspondent of a London daily paper, by the unusual sight of a Bishop of the Catholic Church in full sacerdotal habit, sitting among the Senators and voting with them. The Eight Rev. Senator was Monsignore di Giacomo, Bishop of Piedimonte Alifo, in the Neapoli tan territory. He was created Senator shortly after the liberation of Naples, on the recommendation of Count Cavour, but has never taken part in the deliberations of tho House since the capital was removed from Turin to Florence, He is the first of the episcopal Senators who has taken his seat in the House since Rome became a capital. On entering, he was informed by the officialo that he must have made a mistake ; but on quietly answering, to their great surprise, that he was a Senator, ho was ushered for ward with all possible deference. At the close of the sitting, tbo Bishop talked with Signor Mancini, the Minister of Grace and Justice, with Signor Nicotera, the Minister of the Interior, and with some of the Senators. Four Catholic parish churches in Switzer land have lately been transferred by tho Government to priests who have become Old Catholics and who are, as alleged men of bad character. These transfers were made, too, in the face of protests from 2000 or more Catholics in each parish to whom the church property belonged^ while half a dozenOld Catholics consulted the member ship tf the new parish. Master Jean Maria Pius Hutchinson, a seven year old member of the Pope's Swiss Guard, on the 21st ult. read at a reception, a little poem before Hi3 Holiness, expressing the devotion of i]the faithful Swiss, The same night the Holy Father sent the child a picture richly ornamented, as a memento. In the United States at the present time there are 1,288 Catholic theological students, while all other denominations together have only 3,589. The Catholics of Africa, especially the congregations of the Holy Ghost and of the Sacred Heart of 'Mary, have met with a. sevoro loss in the death of Monsignor Bes- oieux, Bishop of Galipoli, in partibiis} and Vicar Apostolic of Two Guineas. This venerable prelate, who expired on the 30th. of last April, had for tho last twenty* four I years devoted himself to the mission of Africa. He had been Bishop for thirty-seven yeara, and was almost as much venerated by the Pagans as by tho Christians. : On Sunday, July 2nd, Mr. Edward Fall renounced the errors of Protestantism, and was baptised by the Eev. Father Gaudon in the beautiful church at Gervais, Marion county, Ohio. After baptism the ' Magnifi cat' was chanted, aud all rejoiced that another erring sheep had found its way to tho truo fold. 