Tallcnd Amateur Minstrels. Tufg troupe made theirdebut on Toesday ven ing, in the Protestan? Hall, Wallsend, before a largo and appreciative aiidieneo. Tho enter tainment woo given onl behalf of the widow and family of the late dir. G. Prel, and although this largo hall was not filled to its full capacity, the attendance was eacollent, the whole of the front secats being ocrupied, Tho mananer in which tho company aeqaitted] themselves folly reslinod thseexpcectatioins of those who know them. Considering this was their first appearance, they cill doubtles become--by a little more lerOctjce-one of thd bast troops of their class yet seen in this district. 'the entertainment opened with tile * Cock crow chorus," which was executed in capital style, the closing verses being arcom. p0anied by the appeseance of a meehonicat onc etix fet high, who estrettod about the stage in a mirth.provekdng manner. " Call ?me not back," by M~r. Jones, wcas loudly applauded; as, wee also, "I idreau't my ittloboy," by Mr. Solomon. "She lis got good clothes to wear," was well rendered by ie..H. Dovereauin equaly well iwas " Don't forget." by" tifr. Josepch ycawell--sn eneore being called for. "Wrap th,. flag," by Mr. 3\. Titllot, was grerised wvith yaiorcitros applause, and the "Royit;- wild beast show,": by Mr. E. 1'ritnhard 'ass so loudly oneorcil that the closing verses had to bo ropeitted. " We parted by the river," by Mr. Liug, was the last song to the first pert, and it was rendered in that style whieh has made him so great a favourite at oar concerts. 'The "Phantom Chorus" and the appearanuo of a ghost that rose gradually up from under the floor of the stage provoked the most boisterous merriment and brought the first ]part to a elose. Tics aecond part of the tire graimme wee opened by the Wallacud hand under the leadership of Mr. J. T, Morris. After songs, comic and sentimental, followed by the members already mentioned, the pro terdings closed with the farce of "The Wig Mahers," which kept the risibilities of the audience at such a tension as to render the loll of the curtain highly desiratble, if only far the sake of the safety oh the audience who were certainly in danger of the proverbial eido- aplitting. Without being invidious, the name of Mr. r 1ritclird aigit be montioned as a heot in himself, sad a troupe which is fortunate enough to include him c.naot but be sue cessful. Daring the progress of 'the enterlainmendia "ee obacrend one great defect in the littincib of the stage, end that is thea prseaeo of thce lamps suspeided overhead. They are un eighetlyie sis y clue, lust auspended is these ave aso noar tle heada et the performiers, thera? is great danger of an aecideast ceaurring. Lamps with reflaetors tbchind the wcing. ahol bo an improvemeCnt. Mr. J, J. Wells peesided at the plaiuo with his cusial abdiiy. Isr. ll. Constlablei, as stage manager, and the efllcient wa y in which hte managed, the mechadecal ffects was strikingly obaervablo. 