Paris. [From our own Correspondent.] There is nothing- of any importance iu Marshal MacMahon'a visit to Orleans, save the respect!ul reception given to aim by the republicans, and tiie absence of all political allusions in that cosmopolitan nu-iiance — the addresses. Tiie Priuee of Wales 111 reply to the Corporation lure, on one occasion said ••thank you, gentlemen." and the Marshall ivho is 110 orator like Brutus, surpassed the brevity 01" His '• Imperial— sichisthe way the French now w-ite lop title to make themselves agreeable to lin— land—nighties-;, by simply making a body That Lion of the Fold of Judah, the Bishop of Orleans, indulged iu a " Lamenuiiun "— perhaps it was one of the Lesions ot ..he day, as he received the Marshal in the Cathedral. Monseigneur Dupauioup only sees the ab -niinatiou of desolation in tlie Republic : he thunders agaiust it as lie formerly del against the doctrine of Infallibility ; he is but crying in the desert; Henry V stubbed him. and the Comte de Paris has monarchical ly given up the ghost. The abie prelate is not 111 goo-i heaiLli. and he suffers extremely from tiie gout, especially 011 Sundays after reciting at high mass the now obligatory Djuiine StJoum fac Hempublicani, about which he must feel as squeamish as Tell when ini vited to salute Gessler's hat. The best proof that swing bridges across the Boulevards, or tunnels beneath them, are required is, that the profession of jiassr-ur is becoming profitable once more. He is a middle-aged man. who takes position between three and ^ix in the aftci noon at the most "-."owned crowing. That at the corner of the Faubourg Moiitm-irtre. calh-d, and no- unaptly •• the rendezvous of the cru.-lied " is a favorite fishing ground. A. Parisian who cannot wait for ihe continuous stream of vehicles to pass by. launches boldly into the Maelstrom, ami finds he has a dozen mothers, nurses, and babie^ attached to his coat tails. It is at tins f!i~'soid ladies attempt the horrors of the middle passage:" they step iorwaul and they step back ; if pious, they will make i'ic sign of mar try look heavenwards : the jtassnur now presents hi-; arm. conducts tare; scorc and ten 1.0 the cither side .- he is ^mothered with thanks, but privately whimpers he is hard up. has a wife down with fever, a child up with the whooping cough, an old mother that throalens to blow the windows into the street with her asthma, and :m aged father paralysed since his honey moon. lie is certain to receive at lea-i a few francs, espec- ially if lie cries, or gives the Archbishop of Paris for reference. Occasionally he is bitten : as be may encounter a religious female, who relieves his misery with a few soup tickets lolled 11 j) it: the popular tract. '• Go. and sin 110 more;" believing he has -'struck i'-e he rushes to the nearest wine shop, opens the packet, and a few minutes later, a crowd m y be seen at the door, looking at some" good Samaritans actively sprinkline the flushed feat ures of a respectably-dressed inaii with water. Tiie public -eeen.s to be very much discontented at the. oil,ilea y of theatrical managers reviving or exhuming uld plays instead of encouraging ynnn-r authors- to wvitc new one- : hence the proposal to tax every revised piece, and io appropriate the proceeds to representing the dramas of youths 'do tort line and to fame unknown." Some writers sugglst. that the deoaties discuss the matter even before the a:naesty question— what in i 1 Terence ! Port he world in general, the .subject i • gravy, for if France failed to supply th 1 stage with novelties, the theatres of the univer-e would die from inanition. Many shrewd people believe the dramatic laleiii of Ihe Frenea will last as long say as our coal mines Dr. Sell ..1 it/, is a moral reformer, and the se-j-et, police cannot but ivish that his.shaddow may never glow less. Writers s.ilf-r from tiie pen cranio. Ihe eoiisequ aiee jf overworking a particular muscle ; there are no cramps wh<-:i all the 11111-c!es act uniformilv. as in running or jumpin.'. or b.:tt :r still in dancing, where a!I is rhythm and harmony. The doctor st.ates. th a ballet .-iris are subject to ! lie dancing cram]), when they turn about, and wh^e! ab -ut. and iud -,'aad on the point of their big toe In cnn se of time the ballerine 4 c ;a-e to be children of the air. Xow the can-can I s a nga^ceaii oeVn ley - lanced trim Ihe big toe point: the ; vlpii, as can tie wilolessc I nightly at tee M-tbi'.io. resl s oil ber toe. d"scribes the eu-ygl line of beauty with her limb, and finishes by knocking olf some gentleman's hat with her Ci id'jrelia slipper. It is gratifying to learn. 011 the highest medical authority, that the continued practice of these E'euvian mys'.eries bring their o.vn punishment in the shape of a bunion, destroying all suppleness of the foot. There is 110 a ; :o,iuti:ig for last. 24; an Arab un ler con ie-nnat ion t« deat h, has petitioned, not to be pardoned. but to be allowed to be execute 1 by tuc sabre, instead of the guillotin '. The a-L execution bv the Yatagm : to.jk place iu Algiers in 1M2. Tiie culprit was au Aisa'.ion; when he am veil at 1 he scaffold if "'.-is found that the document, ordering the executioner to act h t-l been forgotten, and pending ; heh a If-hour that was necessary to return far the document, tiie murderer resumed 4mokiiig his thrown away cigar. He put his head on the block, and curious to see how t:ie s-,i mit.ar would lie -vielded. looked at the Arab, who was so frightened, that his hand pr.j/ed a i-L-.-lr. ar, l b : had ro ha;!: head with a knife. Tiie multitude exasperated by the dying man's screams, pursued the unlucky executioner with stones and c irses, although he wa^so expert, that he beliea le 1 in a single day 130 rebels, and in the ort.hod JX fisliioa—leaving .sulicieni muscle ansei-erel 1h i'_ :.h'j ii :a 1 lay suspended on the owner s ehes;. After tnis failure, ille French ad jpte.) in - guilloini-;. The chronicler ill-it in his time—1'our centuries ag j. a Knight refused to 111 any .1, rich and itin l-o;n; lady be-aii-e she kaj.v a j.v ; , re a 1 : th it gentlemen then attend al church in humiug CJ-.- tuuie with dogs at their heels, and ladies with falcons on their areas ; both la-lies and genLlemvu promenaded during ihe service and flirted to destroy <• mud. A :«/•// lari/<: -i/v.-'j „r « / I B , Cl;t!t tlKJ 11 'house, from a.). \V. !f'tsJanL s. (Add.) Wi-;.sro.s's Wmtto OIL A\U M\<;IC FILLS — Slave care I m-jre \v i:iler:ul e Lies of ."2Vet,/; ihsh/. (xo't.l, X'yjy.ilji'i, A'-h-'s. Pi'ia< S'Ce.Utiuj. Ca'xd Brtasl. Barns, Soilds. and ,~i)h. llh'jutL. upJ.U i,he human frame, than all the pretea 1 ;d real ; bej have siuee tlie w.irld began. Lhie^e A-u.-rieLii Meiieines aro ciaiuasel of vegetable nds. healing gums, oiuls an I herbs ; aa l act like a char.11 upon 11 and in,lamination. m lc- 