\- china town. ' t:_ . ( From Hepworth VLron's White Conquest.) a seventh part of the population — a seven- i #P?trt ot the surface— of San Francisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer than Euro- peans. A man may see big crowds in many .-.lilies:.' uiiss and tartars at Nishmi-Novgorod, , Cots and Armenians in Jerusalem, Arabs and Algerines in Cairo ; but in neither Russia, Syria, nor Egypt can be seen such crowds as we find packed in the Asiatic quarter of San Francisco. The term Asiatic quarter may suggest a sepa rate portion of the city, walled off from the re maining part like China Town in Moscow; but the Asiatic quarter in San Francisco is an open colony, like May Fair in London, like the Second District in New York. The Chinese have squat ted in the very heart of San Francisco. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may be regarded as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America: for in Jackson-street, grouped around Lock Sin's balcony, lie the Chinese banks and stores, the Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres and gambling-hells ; while off this thoroughfare, to the right and left, extend the blind alleys and nameless passages in which, reside the Chinese rogues and thieves, with their, unfailing compliment of female slaves. Here, bright with paper lanterns, glare the two great tea-houses kept by Lock Sin and Hing Kee, in which you sip green tea, and watch the danc ing-girls perform their rites. Here, rich in red and blqck flags, and musical with gongs and cymbals, stands Ye Hn Un CI103-, the royal thea tre, in which a grand historical play, a chronicle of the Ming dynasty, has been going on for three weekspast, and is to run 011 briskly for about nine weeks yet to come. In front of. us, hardly less noisy with shawm and tom-tom, rises Sing Ping r Yuen, the new theatre, in which lighter pieces . are performed, not lasting more than thirty or forty nights. Hereabouts lie the tan-cellars and thieves' gaming-cribs, in which sallow wretches and their hideous partners of the other sex in- . dulge in the lawless pleasure of staking their bottom dollar on a dominq. About these cellars lie the opium- dens, to which the gamesters come in their frenzy, and snatch the still more fearful joy of staking their health and manhood on a fume of peppy-juice. \- Round that corner stands the great joss-house, a large room, hung with screens and banners, dazzling in red and gold, in wheh an idol squats ; not a Mongolian god, with fiat and shaven face, and turned-up Tartar eyebrows, but a Teutonic monster, with straight nose, fair mnustache, and pointed beard. Before this foreigin idol, tea-cups hiss and fuzeees burn by night and day. China Town is running over San Francisco, spreading to east and west, to north and south. The Asiatics have seized a good part of Dupont- street and Kearney-street, swarmed rine-street, invaded Stockton and Pacific streets, and got their feet in California-street. Some houses in these streets are owned by Mongolians. When Asiatics get their feet inside a door they drive -the Europeans out. A European cannot -stand the fume and stench, the dirt and din. Thus, ' shop by shop and street by street they crawl along, a swarin of clean and unclean things, so oddly mixed that white men shrink from them in . fear and wrath as from a company of lepers. No white man likes to sleep under the same roof with a yellow man ; no white woman likes to passs turough Jackson-street. A rookery and a cesspool drive off decent folk. Let us drop into some of those houses, no fear . of lepers in hearts, and see these Asiatics in their "homes. Not far from Lock Sin's tea-house stands a big edifice, firet used as the Giobe Hotel ; a house four storeys high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty guests. Including vaults and attics there may be fifty rooms in all. Surrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si Tut. a rich Chinese, . who relets his apartments to Chinese residentsof the better class — to shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. Lee Si Tut . takes care to have no tenant of bad repute. A thief, a rag- piker, a night-prowler cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women pass his door. Tam and other lawless games are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting is allowed within the house. So far as order can be made by rule, order is said to reign amongLee SiTut's tenants, and the Globe Hotel in Jackson-street majr be regarded as the royal khan and summer-palace of the Chinese empire in America. Pass 011. O, Lee Si Tut ! A sickening odour greets your nostrels on his steps. A reek comes out of every door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing-stage. The dust of 3-ears encrusts his window-panes. Compared with this Globe' Ho tel, under Lee Si Tut, a Turkish or Spanisli prison is a desert place. The banisters drip ; the passages sweat. A black and fetid slime runs down the walls. And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in the rooms! Men swarm at every door, and crowd down every stage ; each pale and melancholy wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in 3Tour face. A nameless horror seems to brood in every corner of the house, for out of ever3 corner glare the spectral e3es of beings fevered by tan, and . stupefied with drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommodation of a single guest, is either parted into six or seven sections b3' a string of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the walls. Shelves are preferred, since no one cares to pa3r for privacv ; and a room that will only sleep six or seven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen 011 shelves. From vault to attic, each room is foul with smoke and black dirt, and choked with men. No less than fifteen hundred ghastly creatures find a lodging day and night in this Chinese paradise ! Rooms crowded and unwholesome I have seen before — at a feast at Einsiedeln, a mad-house in . Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack „ on the Nile— but nowhere have I seen human creatures packed and crushed as these tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut lets his house he says to eight hundred tenants ; which would give him, in a house of sixty rooms, including cellar and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber ; but the rascals cheat him, he alleges, out of half hisrent, by subletting their shelves to men who occupy tlieni onl3 half the day. Inquiry shows me that this story of sub-letting and dividing the room is strictly true. Ki Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho ; Ki Wgok using hiB shelf for twelve houra. In some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each twent3-fours — eight hours apiece. Yet those who lodge in this hotel live in a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the lal-rinth of courts and styes, 3rards and entries, lying round Bartlett alle3'. Here some of the white settlers in San Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is undrained. The Jog shanties were run up hnstil3' and cheaply ; and in these fever-haunted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with filth, overrun with vermin, the Mongolians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, they burrow- in the earth. In holes unfit for dogs >-ou may dis cover ten or twelver wasted creatures sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and tr3ring to smoke themselves into the opium-dreainer's pnrndise. Worse still, if in the " lowest depth " there can lea "deeper still," is the thieves' quarter; a district running in and out of more respectable quarters with a rare indifference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious wa3's, and your ramble in his purlieus should he made at night. All round Bartlett-allc- lie the thieves wards and cribs ; foul attics, falling balconies, under ground kennels : with a few spikes of joss-wood burning at every door. Rags rot on the ground and garbage poisons the air. Slush squirts at ' you from under every plank, and where the "plDnks fail von the earth appears to be running flore. Rag-shops and receiving-houses hide 111 old pits and hollows under the plank floors. In all these damp and loathe-some holes a swarm of Asiatics "vvallow in the filth, their pale arid ghastl3' faces rendered visible. b3r the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pah! ........... ; f ' . Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and [despera tion glowers from ever3' Mongol face/ In pass ing from 3-ard to 3nrd you catch the' slam of doors, the shoot of bolts, and feel b3T instinct that every- ruffian behind these planks alarmed b3' strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night, is listening at his dqor,_with hatchet, raised to strike or rifle poised io fire. i - - " Open the door !" cries orir guide, in alperemp- tory tone, stepping in front of a log cabin.- " Open the door !" " You foolee me ? You foolee me ?"' ; "No, no. Open the door I'M : - The voice is recognised within the door is - slowly opened, and yon peep into the; crib— a cupboard as to size, but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on/ the floor ; dut neither blade nor gun is visible: " At another crib we are repulsed."/ To the. in-: quiry, " how ? you foolee me ?" we' answer as before, " no; no but; instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid e'xeharige of whispers inside. - M " "M '- "Go ; you foolee me!" cries a voice, accom panied by the click of a rifle. - - -- "Dip and slide," whispers our companion, and we instaritl3T dip and slide. „ < / Jn Stout's-alley. and in the 3-ards around; this sink of squalor and iniquit3-, lodge the. partners of these thieves and murderers— the female' slaves. Let us get out into the open street ! " You have now seen a little of our Chinese-, quarter," srys my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea-house about two o'clock, and order a . refreshing- cup. "What you have seen in San Francisco you may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose/and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a China. Town, and people's it with harlots, criminals, and slaves. We get some ve- cheap labour, and our finan ciers- sa3' they need cheap, labour 'to develope the country-.' What think you of the price Sve . pa3' for our development." While we are sipping tea on Lock Sin's bal cony, a veil comes up from the street below. A Chinese "fight is on. Ah King, a Chinese scamp, is employed 113- the city officers, and in the slang of his Asiatic countiy such a -spy is" called a ghost. Of late the ghost has been too bustv, his celestial countrymen think, even for a paid spy ; and two Asiatics who have just come out of gaol are setting on him, one moon-face with a hat chet, the second inoon-face with a knife. From every door in the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and j il— -0 ulup dlulj ulb " Excuse me," sav-s H13' escort, and before ! can repl3, he is gone from 1113- side. King vanishes — like a ghost. Moon-face with the knife es capes, just as 1113- escort sweeps into the murder ous circle ; hut the fellow with the hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward. His weapon, when examined, proves fo be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that in case of a ratal plunge the blood might have been at once removed and the stainless knife replaced under the white smock, as clean and innocent in appearance as the soft-eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neighbour's heart ! It is not often (sa3's the Geelong Advertiser) that a man's life is saved by a watch, but such appears to have been the case a few days since in Geelong. A grocer's assistant in a well-known establishment in Moorahool-street was taking a cane binding off a package with a large sharp- pointed lmtchera' knife, when the binding gave wa3' and the knife slipped, and would evidently have entered a vital part but for the man's gold watch, against which, fortunateh'. "the" point struck. To show the force with which the knife . came in contact with the watch, a deep dent was. made in both cases, on the thickest part of tliein, showing, but for the timepiece, the steel would have entered the man's heart. The waiBtcoat at the spot was cut completely through. The ndjourned inquest on Joseph Alfred Thompson was held at Hawthorn. An open ver dict wan returned. The only additional evidence was that of a witness, who said that Mrs. Thomp son threatened to commit suicide if her son con tinued drinking. Mr. Sincock, late manager of the "Melbourne Land and Mortgage Bank, is charged with the forgery of a bill of exchange for £7000, and is remanded till Wednesda3'. Bail has been allowed in his own recognizance of £500. 