ADELAIDE IN HOT WEATHER. By a Xew Choi. Adelaide has been nicknamed by some wit the ''farinaceous village,' but he would have adhered more strictly to the truth if he had called it bv tho Ipss fnv fetched name 'dusty city,' for dust is a more prominent characteristic of the town than even flour; and now that there are two cathedrals it may lay a. double claim to that venerable appellation 'city.' King Dust, however, is not allowed to reign supreme the whole year round, for in summer — at the very time when he is hand ling his subjects worst — they are treated even more scurvily by an ally of his, who bids fair to share his empire. There is something repulsive to me in the very word 'fly.' Every memory I have in connection with it is disagreeable. My first acquaintance with the tribe was at - the tender age of six, when I used to amuse myself by destroying as many flies as I could with the aid of a little toy pistol, the charge of which was so small as generally to do no more than maim the poor brute, when I would call in thy kitten to finish him off. The next time I heard the word ' fly'' was at school, where every Wednesday a certain pud ding, to which we had given the not very euphonious title 'flybolly,' used to be served up ; and as ' coming events cast their shadows before/' I verily believe that these puddings were the foreshadow ings of the mixture of dust and flies I have since met with in Adelaide, though the proportion of currants in the school pudding3 was smaller in comparison to the amount of suet than that of flies here to the amount of dust; but the resemblance is sufficiently complete to be striking. JSo one can deny that the weather is hot ; but what is beyond my comprehen sion is that every one I meet carefully informs me of the fact, generally adding thereto a deep sigh, as much as to say, ' The sun really uses me very hardly ! I have done nothing to deserve this ex treme heat'' — a most fallacious argument, since it is of his own accord that he lives in the sun's dominions, and if he Joes not like them he is perfectly free to leave the country. Australians, how ever, have imported into the country the British love of grumbling. John Bull never could help grumbling, 'for 'tis his nature to,' as Dr. Watts would tell us. I wonder, though, how tne rev. gentleman would have felt if he had been amongst us now. Had I been a believer in the doctrine I think I should have fancied that I was undergoing my dose of purgatory prematurely. Indeed, I can now perfectly understand why the lower regions are always supposed to be hot, for heat is directly as well as indi i ectly deleterious to religion. It was per fectly wonderful last Sunday to see how the sun melted people's devotions. To begin with, the congregations were thinner than usual, and in the two buildings which I attended there seemed to be a premature anxiety on the part of the congregations for the service to end, and some people finding that the mountain would not come to Mahomet, thought that Mahoment had better go to the mountain, and glided out more or less quietly before service was over. The responses were made in almost inaudible tones, and even the imposing Advent hyinns could not get beyond mezzoforte, while the chants contented themselves with variations between piano and dolce. The words oozed out of the clergyman's lips in a dreary melancholy sort of way, though at times he would make a short struggle against the heat as if he was resolved to conquer it — an attempt which I need not say was futile. As for the sermons, they varied in different churches. One pastor, wise in his own generation, earned the eternal gratitude of his audience by curtailing his sermon ^con siderably. Another, doubtless firm in his resolve to o'ercome the world, the flesh, and the devil, earned his bread most literally ' with the sweat of Ids brow,' and treated his congregation to a longer sermon than usual in the morning, the effect of which was that his evening con gregation was thin as Pharaoh's kine. But the Sabbath is a dangerous subject, for a correspondent in one of the dailies lately informed his readers that the word of the man who broke the Sabbath could not be trusted, so I will not make any confessions which might lay me open to the charge. On week day3 the population looks equally exhausted. Every one looks as if some sad disaster had befallen the city. Some people walk about the streets with theireyes shut, en the same principle, I suppose, as ostriches put their heads in a bush that they may not see their enemies, and I expect with a similar result. It is curious to see how differently people take 'the heat. The majority stroll leisurely along the streets as if their very life was a burden to them; but here and there a frisky member of society skips along determined to show his fellow men that the sun is utterly powerless over him, though the appearance of his face offers a direct contradiction to the asser tion he is trying to make. The petticoats are few and far between, for no one goes out who can help it; but the most wretched siuht are the dogs and cats. The poor animals lie about as if they were ready to give up the ghost. A bath 13 the only palliative of the extreme heat, and the sun in his mercy provides the majority of creatures, human or otherwise, with one free, gratis, and for nothing, though, as it has to be taken willy-nilly with one's clothes on, it is hardly so refreshing as might be imagined. Let me here beg leave to propose an audition to our handbooks for intending emigrants from England to South Aus tralia. Climate. — If the intending emi crant wishes to form a notion of the occasional su miner temperature of the colony, let him on the hottest day in July at home shut all Iu3 doors and windows and light a blazing fire in every fireplace in his house. He will thus be able to form a correct notion of the heat when at it3 worst. One thing, however, it is only fair to add, viz., that though the heat here is very exhausting and the only eatable summer diet is biscuits, fruit, and heck and water, the days are not nearly so sultry as at home, and one does not get headaches or feel that incapacity for work which is the usual consequence of 80: in the shade in the old country. For fat — I beg pardon, stout — people, Adelaide may be safely recommended as being a bitter cure than a whole year's Banting ; for His Imperial Majesty the Sun has an objection to people who possess a circumference beyond the ordi nary, and is apt to humble the proud, though I never heard of his raising the meek and lowly. Let me advise all new chums to wear rings on their fingers. The contrast between the original colour of their hands as preserved by the spot covered by the ring and the present is equally instinctive and amusing. There is plenty of room for reflection to an observer of character in the diffe rent ways people attire themselves during the hot weather. Some wor ship the deity of fasliion, and sacrifice to it their costume. Surely a little common sense would tell them that a black coat and black belltopper, though the correct costume for the English metro polis, is as much out of keeping with the South Australian capital in summer as a bull in a china shop. These foolish individuals, however, form, I am happy to say, but a small section of the com munity, but even those whose only object is to be comfortable differ very much as to how that comfort may best be cb tained. The whole attire of some people consists of a pair of trousers, a shirt, ;uid a silk coat, but others swear by flannel, and are coated next to the skin with that article. Nevertheless, I fimily believe that a large portion of the community rejoices in the weather — not that they actually like the heat itself, but that it is a pleasure to them to be able to say that they were alive and kicking in liiO' in the sun, a certain boasting of what they cannot help, much as Satan in 'Paradise Lost' prefers to be a prince in hell rather tlum a slave in heaven. The publicans are having a good time of it, so even a north wind blows somebody good. People forget the advice of an eminent physician — 'Drink claret and hock in moderation in summer : but alkaline drinks play the deuce with your liver in hot weather' — and there seems to be a great run on brandy aud soda. If colo nists will take a word of advice— which I very much doubt — experience bought in the heat of South Germany, which is very oppressive, has taught me that the most cooling drink of all is very weak hock and water drunk in not too great quanti ties. Even the independent sort of air so noticeable in colonists seems to be melted away by the sun. Everything seems to be done mechanically. One has hardly cleared away the dust from one's face before a fly settles on it, and the exertion of brushiug him off pretty nearly exhausts one's energy. The busses and cabs have slackened their pace; in short, the 'whole of Adelaide seems to have taken for its motto — tlje n'ea penr plus,' '0W.1' — ' I am utterly done up;' and as my br.un shares the general exhaustion I, too, will come to an end, trusting that one or two of those who have found strength to glance at the Eegiskr will be fresh enough to read this vagary to the end. 