The Book Agent. THE most indefatigable book agent in our place is Mr. Duuner. The other day he called upon Colonel Bangs, of The Argus, and the following conversation ensued : Duuner.-" I wish to-" Colonel don't want any." Deal say that I desire to-" Col. "Makes no difference ; I don't want it" D.-" To see you for a few moments alone in order to-" Colenso use. I've got a closet full of 'em at home already. Shut that door after you when you go out, will you ? Good-morning." Deal don't think you understand me. I called-" Colds, yea I do. I understand you, perfectly, Mr. Dunner. I know exactly what you want. You've got under your arm some sample sheets of a life of Christopher Columbus, which is to be issued in numbers at fifty cents apiece. It is full of preposterous old pictures of Colum- bus landing on the shores of the new world with three or four people around him, dressed like the ghost in " Hamlet," and a dozen or two naked niggers bowing down before him, and wondering what in the thunder he means by standing there, waving a flag in one hand and brandishing his sword with the other. That's what you've got, and you want me to subscribe for it." D.-" Nothing of the sort, sir." Col.-" Or else you've got a specimen copy of a new Illustrated History of the United States, with cuts of General Washington's IIOIBO standing on three leggs, while a cannon ball whistles by him which George is trying to catch in his hat. And it boat in a lot of portraits of celebrated Americans which look as if they were drawn to go on rag babies, and a representation of the battle of Banker Hill, in which one man is lying on the ground while another rams a bayonet in him, and all the rest huddle around and don't do anything. I've seen 'so often. We use them for starting the fires up at our house. You can't soil any to me." D.-" You are very much mistaken, colonel ; Col- Oh, well, it makes no difFerence. It's something or other of that kind. A life of the Signers, maybe, with a wry necked American eagle screaming on the title-page ; or Adventures on the Plains, written by BOIUO bald-headed lunatic, who's been out there sheeting round among the Indians ; or a Farmer's Guide, which instructs the agriculturist not to knock his watermelons all' the trees until they got yellow ; or some such slush as that, I've had lots of 'em. But I'm not buying any now. So, good-morning I BOO you're in a hurry." D.-" Colonel, the fact is that I want to put an advertisement in your paper." Col.-" An advertise why, sit down, my dear sir. Excuse me for keeping you standing. Take a chair. There, now. Nowwhatcauldoforyou." . Deal have here a very interesting and valuable book, the Life of Bishop Potts, the Mormon Saint.' Look at it. It gives an inside view of Mormonism, exposes all their mysteries, and tells a story which must thrill the soul of the entire nation." Col.-" Capital book ; excellent ; the very thing to Hell ; just what the people want. Now you want to advertise it, do you ?" D.-" Yes ; I'd like to have this prospectus used ted ten times." Col.-Ton-yea ; ten fifteens one hundred and fifty at ten cents a line is fifteen-year, fifteen dollars." D. You think it will help the hook ?" Col.-"Think? Iknovvit. All a book like that wants is to have public attention directed to it. Peoplo'll just go for it." Demand now about paying for the advertisement, Fifteen dollars I think you said ?" Colonies ; fifteen." D.-" Jos BO. I sell the book at 33 50 cents, but I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to put you it at 61 50 cents, and send you round ten of 'em. Ten times SI 50 cents is just Show, and then we're square " Col.-" Ain't you going to pay cash ?" Death, no ; of course not." Col- Oh, you ain't, boy ? Well, I wouldn't touch your infernal old mess of truck about that polygonum beast of a Mormon with a forty foot pole any more'n I would any other carriers. It's nothing but drivelling idiocy; and if you don't take it out of here, along with that cordial jawed hypocritical countenance of yours, I'll have you kicked down stalls by the foreman." Then Mr. Duuner withdrew, and the colonel went back to work, indignant that he had been imposed upon. The leaders of The Argus are not yet aware of the fact that a Life of Bishop Potts is for salesman; Adder. Lord) CHANCELLOR CAIRNS has lately given a judgment in the final court of appeal which is very disturbing to some strictly conscientious people. Hellas allowed a gentleman belonging to the Wesleyan permission to style himself "reverend." This, it must be admitted, is calculated to create such confusion in the clerical dovecotes that it is doubtful whether the tender hearted inmates will over recover it. The lawyers have made a wonderful discovery, which casts a doubt upon every title of " reverend " in the United Kingdom and elsewhere. It turns out that it is not a title at all. It is a laudatory epithet." So says the Chancellor, and we should like to see the man who will dispute the ruling on a question affect- ing a little. If we had only thought about it we might have known how it would be. Did not Othello address the Duke, Brabautio, Gratiano, and the best of the Venetian Senators as '. Most potent, grave, and rnormZ seignorage He escaped an action being brought against him for an improper application of the laudatory epithet. Rude was he in Speech truly, but yet within the law. Othello might no doubt have addressed, and did address, his father-in-law as The Rev. Brabautio. The authority of Shakespeare is more than confirmed by the overwhelm- ing testimony of writers in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. Ladies and gentlemen alike were addressed in this impressively respectful manner, irrespective altogether of their clerical . associations. Thomas More was a " Reverend ;" . Henry the Eighth was a " Reverend," or rather a " Very Reverend ;" Moutaigno even, the genial sceptic, was addressed in a laudatory style by Anthony Bacon, just as the Duke was by Othello, US " Most Reverend." Nevertheless, it must be admitted that Chancellor Cairns' s, ruling is terribly subversive of ecclesiastical, privUego. Henceforth, if any one wishes ,, to be excessively complimentary, he will have nothing to do but to drop the accustomed Esquire, and attach the laudatory prefix. _ Our -_ Pi error, for instance, after his recent visit to the mother country, and after the handsome testimonial awarded him by Dr. Cairns, he surely is a fit subject for distinction of this kind. Arthur Macalister is a man of a susceptible temperament, as every one will admit. When we next wish to pay him a special compli- ment, couched in a form of delicate flattery, let us address him as the Honorable and Very Reverend Arthur. If that does not draw him we don't know what will. The Honorable Arthur will, of course, have an address presented to him when he returns safe and sound to the shores of his adopted country. Let the opportunity be seized to accord him all the honor due to his new designation. Dr. Cairns has blessed him. Lord Chancellor Cairns has told us that we can call him, or any one else, Reverend, Lay Reverend, Right Reverend, Most Reverend, or any reverend we like. Let us try the experi- ment. The Honorable Arthur, we may be sure, will have no objection. It can do him no' harm, and it may do him a great deal of good., - He will get used to it, and by-and-bye we may, -' perhaps get accustomed to calling him "My Lord," or "Your Grace."-"Specialities," in The." Queeniíoniícr. . ' 