TALES. BLACK SPIRITS AND WHITE. By FRANCES ELEANOR TROLLOPE. -«. j«,iit of publication in Australia has been ptirchascd by &*' rigM the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXV. Uo PassiuB Demayne had had dealings in his day ?ththe Castor and Pollux Loan Society. He had wn an actor in country towns under a feigned name, Thad had recourse to Castor and Pollux for the pans of taking a journey from London to the ISioi th f Eneland, and of living after the journey, until X x *„_!.„ oVmuld come found, and bring with it the navment of thirty-five shillings sterling as his weekly salary. Mr. Cassius Demayne was not fond nf alluding to those days. He would fain have downed them altogether in the waters of oblivion. Tint there were persons who knew that part of his Uatorv and with whom, therefore, he thought it best to eak freely of his unsuccessful efforts in the theatrical line. When he did speak of them, he olwavs exaggerated both his own artistic failure and ftp miserable quality and circumstances of the troop he had performed with. He had that form of vanity— lint verv uncommon if you will observe a little— which prefers to make a strong effect of any kind rather than niake no effect at all. One may often see persons who are willing to purchase the undivided attention of the company they are in, even at the cost of putting themselves in a ludicrous light, if by no other means can such attention be purchased. There iB probably lurking in their minds an idea that the abiding im pression left upon their hearers will be rather admira tion of their wit, sense of humour, and so forth, than . any sentiment akin to contempt. But perhaps the experiment is a dangerous one to make frequently ; for. if it be not true that the world will take us absolutely at our own valuation, it nevertheless re Hiains pretty certain that the world will sot insist on pricing us higher than we price ourselves. However, in the case of Mr. Cassius Demayne, it jnust be owned that he balanced matters tolerably lairly. For while freely admitting that he had failed as an actor, he more than insinuated that this was °wmg to his superior birth and breeding, which were clearly superfluous in a profession requiring merely natural abilities. In confidence, and with the most perfect regard for the capital fellows in the profession with whom he was on excellent terms of comradeship, fir. Demayne would own to you that he did not think impossible for a thoroughbred gentleman to become a »£C^?sfil1 Pkyer. But there was an odd circumstance wnicli made the whole case amazinglv paradoxical— namely, that the one strong deBire/the secret and devouring ambition of Mr. Cassius Demayne's soul, was to play Benedick on the London stage. Mean while he earned his bread, with a fair share of butter on it, as treasurer in a fashionable theatre. And though he could not act himself, he was a very severe and astonishly acute critic of those who ? could — one of the numerous instances of that curious perversity of Fate which decrees that the people who best know how a thing ought to be done are so very seldom able to do it. His attempts to a':t had brought him into the clutches of Castor and Pollux, and earned him a squeeze or two from their mailed fingers. On the other hand, the occupation of keeping accounts, and paying out little heaps of money every Saturday in a close room tapestried with playbills, gave him where withal to live' comfortably, and to keep clear of those sharp practitioners who lend moneys on usury. Still, he occasionally saw Mr. Quickit, who boasted a taste for the drama, and had a rather wide acquaintance among a miscellaneous tribe of public performers whom he spoke of as ' professionals.' Dr. Flagge had once met Demayne in Mr. Quickit' b back parlour, and he had struck up an acquaintance with him. Demayne affected an almost unlimited catholicity in his acceptance of associates. 'I too am a denizen of Bohemia,' he said, speaking of some actor of the 'poor devil' species. 'And if one goes to settle in a country, one ought to consort with the inhabitants, and adopt their manners and customs.' «' Why, yes ; ani it comes cheaper too,' returned ! Flagge, with perfect appreciation of all that was 1m plied in Demayne's little speech about being a settler in Bohemia, and not to the manner born. ?' When I lived among the Appanawchees, it didn't cost me much for clean shirts. After that Dr. Flagge invited Mr. Demayne to his Tooms, and regaled him with Bourbon whisky and very special cigars. The other guests present were Papa Czernovic and Bob Doery. Now one might have thought the members of this company little likely to interest themselves in such matters as spiritual manifestations. Tet the fact was that Flagge found his marvellous narratives eagerly listened to by them. Demayne was gradually led on to relate a story of a ghost which haunted his family ;— your family ghost has a flavour of respectability and antiquity, and is as genteel a hereditary evil as the' gout; — and Papa Czernovic told of some singular Moldavian superstitions, in which he was evidently a firm believer. Mr. Quickit, after contradicting everybody all round, aimitted that he never could see the appearance of the ghost in 'Hamlet' without a thrill of terror; and he added that he was inclined to think Shakespeare knew what he was about when he introduced supernatural agents into so many of his plays. ' Ghosts, you see,' said Mr. Quickit, rubbing his hands, ' ghosts are mixed up with human nature. Ha, ha, ha! Now the immortal bard knew something about human nature, gentlemen. I don't undertake to say positively that there are such things as ghosts, you understand ; but I'll stake my head on this— that nine hundred and ninety-nine out of every thousand of us believe in 'em !' 'I don't believe in 'era,' said Robert Doery, sturdily. ' Oh yes, you do ! Oh, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Doery, ha! ha! ha*! To be sure, to— be sure ! You may think you don't, but you do.' ' Not a bit of it. 1 never did. I've no taste for wonders. I never cared for cock-and-a-btill stories even when I was a little chap.' ' Aha ! no ? Dat is bat, my dear Mr. Bobby, very bat!' 6aid Papa Czernovic. ' Bad or good, it's true. But I don't think it's bad not to like being humbugged.' ' Ah, but my dear Mr. Bobby, it is not good for de artist to despise de vonderfool. No ; de vonderfool is de life of de artist.' ' Ah ! Well, I ain't going to swallow a lot of old wives' tales.' ' Look here, my dear Mr. Bobby, I am old, and I have seen many menschen and much places. And I have washed dem all wiz my eyes. Ja ! Now I tell to you dat if you did love de vonderfool what you can't understand — I don't say exactly belief it wiz your cold head, but love it like de kinder, de little children do — you would paint more belter pictures. Even when he paint a stool and a table, it is better for de artist dat he love de vonderfool !' '?Hear, hear, Mr. Churneywig !' cried Quickit. ' Very good, ha, ha ! Ve-ry good !' ' Qh, that's all gammon,' said Bob, a little nettled. ' I know what that kind of talk means. If you can paint a stool and a table as they really are, you needn't bother yourself about the wonderful.' ' But tables as dey really is isn't art, my dear Mr. Bobby!' said Papa Czernovic, excitedly. 'If we was to sing de Moldavian melodies as dey really is, — achbcwahre\ You would fill up your ears with woollen!' . ' Well, I know which is the most difficult, a jolly sight ! A chair out of perspective might be more ' wonderful' than a chair in perspective, perhaps. But a child with a slate could do the one, and it takes some training and industry to accomplish the other.' ' It's rather a big subject, Bob, and I don't think you and Herr Czernovic will quite settle it to-night,' said Demayne. . «' Anyhow, I reckon the wonderful am t to be talked away,' observed Flagge. *? It's hovering around us, and above us, and inside of us ? ? ? = ' And below us, eh r ' put in Mr. Quickit. ?? And below us. Yes, sir. And we've got to talk a pretty considerable amount before we're a-going to eliminate the wonderful oat of the universe ! ' 'Well, but, Dr. FJagge, I suppose you don't believe all you hear of these spirit tappings, tippings, and tomfoolery, yourself!' said Doery. 'You're not so soft, now, are you ? Come ! ' ' There are impostors,' said Flagge, with cool can dour. ' I should think there were, too ! ' 'But their imposture is founded on facts: — spiritual facts . I f there was nothing to imitate there' d be no imitators.' 'Oh, I don't know. that I quite go with you there ! ' said Mr. Quickit. «' No ; I don't feel bo sure about that. If people will open their mouths for humbug, humbug will drop into their mouths. It's the one tiling that may always be had for asking, Ha, ha, ha ! ' 'Humbug won't do what I've seen done, Mr. Quickit.— Just ring the bell for some hot wate', won't you, Doery ? Try another cigar, Mr. Demayne. They ain't just the best I ever did smoke, but they're pretty fair. — Humbug won't float a human body seven foot from the floor, across a room in full lamp-light. At least, if any gentleman present is acquainted with the receipt for that ' humbug,' I shall be happy to deal with him for it. I expect it would pay.' 'Do you mean to say you've seen that, Dr. Flagge?' asked Doery. 'Guess I don't ♦mean to] say* any more'n I'm asked to on the subject.' ' Oh, but I'm asking, you know. I want to know.' ' It wouldn't be any good to tell you what I've seen. It never is. Folks must see for themselves.' ' Well, I wish I could, but somehow I never can I remember once at Huddersfield, when I was a little lad of twelve years old, a travelling mesmerist gave a lecture in the theatre. He had a clairvoyant, as they call it, with him. But, you know, it was all humbug { It was found out afterwards.' 'That was humbug, too, was it? 'Well, I'd like the receipt, as I said before, for a humbug that'd make a person in the magnetic sleep describe things he never saw nor heard of in his waking condition !' 'Have you ever mesmerised any one who did that ?' ' Well, I have known it occur under my influenc -. Yes.' ? ? ? .. - ' Where was it ? In London r' ...... Flagge gave a quick look at old Czernovic, who wa9 listening attentively. ' No, it was not in London. It was way off among the Appaniwchees,' Baid he, gravely. .....-' 'Oh!' ' Did you not once mesmerise Nona }' aBked Czer novic. 'I dink she once say you meamerhe her, ehr' 'Who? Oh, that Greek young girl ? Well, I don't know, but I may.' answered Flftgge, puffing out » thick cloud of smoke, and staring fixedly at the oppo site -wall. ' Was that Miss Balasso?' said Bob, eager to cathe chisc. ' I know Miss Balssso. I met her at Captain Peppiat's. Did you really mesmerise Miss Balasso i' ' I've mesmerised a good many people in my time. Take some more whisky and water.' But Bob would drinn no more. And after making one or two attempts to cross- quettion Flagge, and finding him . grown suddenly uncommunicative, the young man rose to go away. 'I come, too, upstairs/' said Papa Czernovic ; ' I go wiz you, mj dear Mr. Bo' by.' 'Tin off to the. theatre, bit,' said Bob, buttoning his overcoat. 'The e's a night rehearsal of the pan tomime after the play, and I want to see the effect of the 'Meads of Asphodel,' with the gas full on.' ' Aha ! Bat is very good, Ja. Don't despise de von-lerfool, my dear young friend, eh r ' ' 'We shall be as wonderful as we can for the money,' replied Bob. 'Dutch metal and red foil make a grand effect at a distance. And, between you and me, the wonderful never ought to be looked at too close.' When Doery and Czernovic were gone, the other two nude some show of taking their leave also ; but Flrgge pressed them to stay with hospitable warmth. ??What's the hurry?' he said. '1 guess you've nothing to do jut now, Quickit. And if Mr De mayne hasn't either, I don't Bee why we shouldn't see the end of the bottle.' Then he made up a roaring fire, drew the table nearer to it, replenished the tumblers with grog, and bade his guests make themselves comfortable. ' Queer old card, Czernovic,' observed Demayne, lighting a fresh cigar. ?? lie's an original, is Churneywig,' Baid Mr. Quickit. '* He's seen an immense deal of the world —an im-mense— deal ! I don't know where he hasn't been, and he knows a little of everything.' ' Yes ; there's amusing element* in the character of our friend Czemovic. And romantic dements,' said Flagge. 'Hum h ! He don't look romantic,' remarked Demavne, drily. ?' Well, bir,' that's a fact. lie does not look romantic. But there is a highfalutin element in Czernovic. There mostly is in Germans, far 's I know.' ' But Chumeywig isn't a German,' said Quickit. ' Oh, dear, no ; ha, ha, ha. Not at all so ! ' ' A Muldo-Wallachian, eh? ' said Demayne. ' By no means i By no means. He it, I under stand, a Russian by birth. His mother was a German. His father was— what'is it they call it r — Sclavonic, eh ? Ha, ha, ha .' his name is queer, isn't it ? Oh, Churneywig is a cosmopolitan party, out and out. As queer a fish as I ever came across ;— and I've known a few queer fishes in my time. Oh, dear, yes ! ' ' Oh, as to queer fishes — I've a pretty large experience in that way myself. I don't suppose many men are as well acquainted with the back slums of Europe as I am! ' There was always considerable likelihood that when Demayne got (conversationally) into the back slums of Europe, he would linger there. And, indeed, he forthwith began to wander about in that unsavory labyrinth with singular gusto. As Flagge let him pro?ee t for some time without interruption, a result presently followed which that acute individual had foreseen— namely, that Mr. Quickit was stimulated, by emulation and grog, to narrate sundry strange experiences of his own. Flagge watched them both attentively, and threw in a word or two now and then, as a bait to encourage Quiekit in his revelations. This had to be done with caution. But Quickit was made expansive beyond his wont by Bourbon whiskey. There is, besides, a contagion in garrulity which, few men can resist. Against Demayne's Cont'nental adventures, Quickit inached experiences of the London loan office. And, looking at the dia logue as a mere game of brag, he did not come off second best. The strangest of strange things with foreign names and surroundings, was surpassed by the strangeness of strange things in the midst of our every day life, u- known and unsuspected. It is, after all, more immediately impressive to be told that Smith's shop, where we bought cheese and butter yesterday, has been burnt down, than to read of a whole Tillage swallowed up by the latest South American earth quake. The imaginations of few of us are so strong on the wing as not to be sensible of the difference between one mile and a thousand. In order to compete with Mr. Quickit in interest, Demayne ought to have restricted his flights to Soho. or the purlieus of the metropolitan theatres. But instead of that, he rambled on about Vienna, which was very flat after the local melodramas of Castor and \- Pollux ; and finally Mr. Quickit decisively took the lead and kept it. ' Oh, Lord bless you, the people I've come in con tact with in that parlour downstaiis would amaze you! Our transactions, to be sure, are chiefly ^ with the sort of persons that I call small f-y, ha, ha,' ha ! Small fry, you know ; but bigger fish have nibbled now and then. Lady's maids, now— you've no idea of the lady's maids that have come here or behalf of their mistresses. Why, sir, we have advanced cash to get diamonds out of pawn to go to Court with— just got out for the day, and put back next day. Ha, ha, ha! 'Pretty expensive kind of business, that, Mr. Quickit? I suppose Castor and Pollux didn't forget to make them pay for theft diamonds.' ' Not at all, sir. I think we did it dirt cheap, all things considered. Yben there was the baronet, the baronet that lodged in these very rooms— these i-dentical apartments. Why, he could walk into her Majesty's drawing-room, and was hand and glove with the nobility. And yet a relation of his— the circumstance only came out the other night— came to borrow twenty pound of us !— which wasn't twenty, either, by the time lie got it. Came to borrow a small sum like that of Castor and all the time his ? 'rich - relation was lodging overhead,-, and. drawing his percentage on money put into the concern! And neither of 'em knew anything, about the other's having dealings with us. That's the cream of the thing, sir. Oh, Lord bless you, talk of coincidences — the coincidences that have hap pened in that parlour alone would fill volumes — volumes ! I often think that if I had time to write a novel I could turn out something sensational that would astonish people — and keep to fact all the while, too.' ' Why don't you snatch a quarter of an hour now and then, Quickit, and give us a novel ?' ' said Demayne, with his woodenrst expression of countenance. ' ' It must be very easy. I think if it wasn't for the ortho graphical difficulties of the English language, I should write a novel myself. But it's the spelling that's so difficult.' . Mr. Demayne's irony was lost on Quickit, whose tumbler Flagge had recently and quietly replenished. ?' No.no; it isn't the spelling. NotataU,ha,ha,ha! Not— at— all. It's time that's wanting, sir. Minutes end hours ; minutes and hours. But as far as incident goes — and Co- incidence, which is more — a great* deal more— I could supply you ad lib.' ' Domestic dramas, I suppose, Quickit ? Plenty of them, eh ?' said Flagge. 'Not particularly domestic,' relumed the landlord, whose tendency to contradiction seemed aggravated bv his potations: «? I shouldn't style them peculiarly , domestic, you know. Quite the reverse, ha, ha, ha 1' ' I think the queerest thing I ever heard was that about the lady's-maid coming to borrow money for the diamond,' said Flagge. ' Oh, that's not the queerest thing, by anv means. Oh dear no ! That kind of thing happens more often than you would suapect, my dear sir. ha, ha, ha ! Women — specially women in high life— are always up to some dodges. 'But the baronet, eh ? a shrewd man, a wonderfully shrewd man ! Such a head ! And the way he managed to keep the Castor and Pollux in the background! I don't believe the big-wigB that he consorted with even knew where he lodged in town. No letters ever came for him here; all sent to the club, he told me. Close, eh f' ' Ah !' said Demayne,' drawing his breath through his teeth, ' your baronet's not the first man that hasn't cared to have his address known by his family when he was down on his luck in London. By George, in my own case ? ' '?Down on his luck: Good! Ha, ha, ha! Ye— ry good ! Happy to hear from you again, sir ! You never made a greater mistake in your life, Mr. Demayne. Down on his luck, eh ? I tell you what, I wish I was down on my luck in the same way ! He could have bought up our friends, Castor acd Pollux, and never missed the money. I happened to know of one or two investments of his whilst he was living in my house, and they all turned up trumps, every one. Down on his luck r Ha, ha, ha ! Positively that's the funniest mistake. I've often wondered who got all the old boy's property. He made a will when he was in my house— in those drawing- ro ms— this i-dentical and actual apartment, sir — and I wit nessed it.' 'Did you, by ? r' exclaimed Flagge, pitch ing the end of his cigar into the fire with a sudden movement. Quickit drew himself up with slightly inebriated dignity. ' Yes, Dr. Flagge, I did, and I don't see what reaBon you have to doubt my word, sir.' ' You witnessed the will, did you ? Why, then, of course jrou do know where all the property went 1 No need to wonder about the matter, eh }' ' I am sorry to contradict you, sir — very sorry, ha, ha, ha 1 But I will simply answer, it's nothing of the sort, sir ! People do not read a will when they wit ness it ! At least they needn't to. I didn't. Sir Rupert Lowry wasn't likely to take me into his confi dence, BIT.' ' Weugh !' whistled Demayne. ' So your baronet was Sir Rupert Lowry, was he? Odd enough; I happen to know something about that family.' 'And that, then, was made after .the will that — of course you know the date, Quickit i' 'Of course, I know nothing of the kind, Dr. Flagge ! Ha, ha, ha, not at all ! I wish you good night, Dr. Flagge. There's a meeting of our directors to-morrow morning, and I must have my head clear and my papers ready. Too much good company ttiay result in muddle, ha, ha, ha ! Good company combined with Bourbon whisky, you know, eh ? I'm fond of society myself ; always was. But duty, sir, duty calls. In the words of the convivial and lamented poet, ' And doth not a meeting like this make amends?' and so on. But unfortunately it don't make amends for neglecting one's business? . By no means, ha, ha, ha ! By— no— means ! I wiBh you gentlemen a very good night !' Then Demayne also, went away, and Flagge was left to his own reflection. Chaptbk XXVI. It was a cold, damp, dreary December evening in London. The shop-windows still sparkled and shone in the main thoroughfares ; but in the genteeler streets where, commerce has not intruded, or where a few fashionable tradespeople present merely a dingy wire blind with a name on it to the curious gaze of the vulgar, the darkness was scarcely mitigated by street lamps blinking through the haze. On such an evening, one sitting loaely by the fire light, and listening to the distant sounds of life and traffic in the streets, might fancy himself drifting with shades on the swart Lethean flood just bronzed by flaring torches, and hearing the voices of the living come faintly from the upper world with the sadness of an eternal farewell. The past, with its heart wiinging pathos, seems so near to us. The ghostly shades ef vanished friends, of those dearer than friends, flicker amid the lights and shadows on the wall. A distant rattle of hoof and wheel conjures up some yearning memory of lighted rooms, of cheerful gather ings, and smiling faees,— never more to smile on us or on each other. A voice, a footstep on the pavement, a laugh, a cheerily shouted greeting or farewell, can fill our eyes with tears. That which might have been, — that which was, and i« no more,— these, these, are with us as we sit lonely by the firelight on a winter's evening; whilst that which is, — all the vast, surging, seething tide of life in the great city, flows past as with a sound made up of many voices, like the sound of the dread and infinite seas, — ' deep calling unto deep.' . So sat Mary Ltwry at the close of that drear De cember day. But, although lonely, she was not alone. CEnone, crouched on a low stool by the fire, rested her chin on her clenched hands, and stared with her wonderful eyes into the red heart of the glow. Neither had spoken for a long time, The twilight had died outright, and .the unshuttered windows had grown to be mere black panels in the fitfully illumine i wall. .? ? , ?? CEnohe's voice broke the Bilence, with low, vibrating tones. 'I have been, reading a book about Indian creeds,' she said; 'and I wish I could believe in Nirvana.' ? . . ' (Enone ! That is extinction, is it not ?— annihila- tion? ? ? ? ? ??'? ???? ??' ?? ??'*? ???? '.It. is rest,' 'sighed (Enone, with her eyes still fixed on the intense core of the fire. ' Nay ; not so. Best implies surely a sensation of pleasure in repose. Nirvana will not give you this. But I grieve to hear you talk so.' ' 'I shock you?' ' ' Well— yes ; in a sense, you shock me.' ' And that means that you feel angry with me ?' ' No, CEnone ; it does not mean that.' 'Does it not? At school, when Miss Cribb said she was shocked, it meant that she was cross, and scolded, ?' replied CEnone, with curling lip. ' Oh, but I know their cant. Those good, kind ladies who were 'shocked' if they found out that I — a poor, wandering foreigner, a little shabby girl who taught music for food and shelter — had a soul inside me, a . brain to think, a heart to aspire ; I know them well. It did not shock them that I was helpless and friend less, as they thought It shocked them that I did - not lick their charitable fingers, offering me a bone, as a dog might lick them.' . After an inBtant, she added abruptly, ' But I know that you are not like those women. You have nobler feelings. Yes, I know it, and I will not seem to lie even by silence.' ' There was a long pause. The fire cracked and .flickered. A strong, swift footstep beat rythmically on the pavement outside, passed, grew fainter, and was gone. Then said (Enone, with a weary sigh, ' Nirvana ! To be blown out like a flame ! That is what it means, . they say. Then it would be ended— «U ended, in thick, soft darkness.' ' My child, such thoughts are not natural to your age. Youth means hope. You are not well, CEnone.' ??Not well ! Why do you use that common prate ? Are there no ills but ills of the body? Are there no pains that physic cannot touch r I think you English do but half believe in souls at all. If one has the heartache, 'Give him drugs, or baths, or change of air!' That is the common cry. Give him Nirvana, I say — if you. could but find the secret of that potion ! Youth is hope? Perhaps. But what makes youth? Not to have lived only a few years on earth ; not that ! I think one may feel the weariness of centuries at seventeen.' ' I think not. But one may feel the weariness of seventeen, and have only the strength of seventeen to endure it,' answered Mary, quietly. ' Ah, you don't understand. You are happy.' Mary stretched out her hand and drew the girl nearer to her. CEnone passively obeyed the impulse, and sat down on the rug close to Mary's feet ; but she kept her face still turned towards the fire. ' CEnone, I think that in youth troubles seem the harder to bear because we are apt t~- think that such a burden was never laid on mortal before. We are lost in contemplation of our own woes; but our woes are not the only ones.' ' But it cannot comfort one to know that others suffer ! I have heard that preached by some of your good people. It 6eems to me merely barbarous !' ' It is not that the Bufferings* of others should comfort you, but that there is blessing and healing in the thought that you may comfort them, CEnone.' CEnone put up her hand behind her head, and took Mary's fingers in her own. It was a rare and signifi cant action with her, for she had an almost morbid shrinking from the touch of most persons, and she usually refused to conform to the custom of shaking hands,* saying that there were so many hands whose contact made her shudder. ' I knew a girl once,' said Mary, ' who lived a quiet country life amongst quiet country people. Her pleasures were 6imple and sweet; her duties, quite plain and clear. You would have thought that there could come nothing very hard or difficult into such a life ; it seemed fenced and hedged round to be always safe and tranquil. But there did come a time when duty was no longer plain— when she had to grope and struggle unassi ted to find the right. She had no mother. She was young. She wanted to be happy after her own fashion, but it could not be. Well, juBt now as I — who cannot, you Bay, un derstand you because I am so happy — sat here in the dimness, and watched the firelight make strange pictures on the wall, it. seemed as if all my youth, my lost youth, came back, or its ghost came. My mother, who loved me so fondly ; my father in his sad old age, he loved me too, pcor father ; the brother who used to lead me by the hand and lift me on his pony when I was a little toddling child and he was a bright handsome school boy ; the friends I can remember all my life, some one— some one who was dearest of all ; the dead hopes the forgotten pleasures, the sunshiny summer day, the cheerful winter evenings, the very notes of an old fiddle on which they used to scrape out Sir Roger de Coverley for us young ones to dance to at Christmas ; all the sights and sounds flowed out of some hidden corner of my heart as if a wellspiing of tears had been louched there. What set it flowing ? I don't know. A distant voice in the street beyond, the glint ot the firelight, the sense of a great busy world outside that cares nothing for me — who shall say ?' ' I did not know you had ever been so sorry ?' said CEnone, simply* ' Yes ; I have been sorry. I am very sorry. But, CEnone, I don't invoke Nirvana ! There may be some one whom I can help.' ' Oh, if there were any one I could help — and yet, perhaps, I should not do it if it were very hard. I don't know. I used to feel so brave I could (trample on myself I thought. But now sometimes I— I am afraid.' 'Afraid?' 'I didn't know how hard life was. It is so dif ferent thinking to be heroic, and being it.' 'Poor child!' 'And then, — you don't know what it is to feel so terribly alone as I do. Sometimes it conies on me with a strange kind of dread. It is like a dream I have had of being on a little barren rock with the sea roaring all around me. The sharp hard rock is dreadful ; the sea is more dreadful, and the loneline-s ! You would grasp at any hand — you would clutch at any living thing, when you feel so. And yet, if the only hand held out to you makes you shudder to touch it ? ! Oh, to sleep sound, and lorget it all!' ' CEnone, tell me the truth. Is there any one whom you are afraid of— who persecutes you ?' CEnone drew her hand away from Mary's, and pressed it tightly against her own forehead, but she did not speak. 'If you will have confidence in me, I may help you ; and you have other friends who can protect you more efficiently than I can.' (Enone only shook her head uneasily from side to side. - Mary made an effort to overcome a certain shy con straint she felt in speaking of Vincent Maude to (Enone. She laid her fingers softly on the girl s rich coils of hair,and8aid, 'Oneof your best friends thinks that Dr. Flagge's influence- is bad for you, and op presses you. If you were to say one word to Major Maude, I am sure he would release you from that man s persecution— for I fear he does persecute you.' 'No, no ; I cant speak to him. No ; don't say any more of that. It would only drive me to — no, say no more of that, I pray you.' ' Shall I speak to him ?'$ CEnone made a quick gesture of dissent. ' Or to Lady Lowry ? ' ' What can j ou say to Lady Lowry r' ' Nay, it is for you to tell me what to say. If you ore distressed by the influence of that man, -and will say so frankly, Lady Lowry will cease to bring you into contact with him.' 'Dr. Flagge has more feeling for me than Lady Lowry. She has no feeling. But I do not want her to have any for me. v ? ? ' My child, don't let a foolish pride prevent you from accepting advice and assistance.' ' Pride is not foolish; — not pride in strong, noble feelings. I must be proud, it is all I have ! If I were not proud, I should die.' ? ' ? The pale wan face, the feverishly blazing eyes, the emaciated hands clenched ? forcibly together* as she spoke, made a pathetic commentary on (Enone's words. . : Mary shook her head. 'Don't lean on pride, CEnone,' she said, gravely. ' It haBa sharp point, and will pierce you like a lance.' . . ? ? The two sat silent again for a long time. It was black night outside, and the fire had burnt low within the room. The handle of the door was turned softly, and two persons came in, conversing as they entered. 'It is a most important discovery, said a woman's, voice. 'I always was sure of it, though. I felt it. It was a regular presentiment, you know! Poor, dear old man, think what his feelings must have been all this time ! You must not breathe one word to Miss Lowry at present. Do you hear? Not one' word ! I think myself ? ' ' ^Sarah! You don't see uTT^^ 1 'La! bless my heart, Mary, how you did^im I me! Enough to bring on palpitation. What on earth I are you sitting in the dark for ? Do ring for li^ . -? I And my lady sat down with her hand prefsecf to her I The other person who entered the room was IV I Flagge. He now stepped forward and rang the boll ' ? There was a short pause. Then Lady Lowry said in I a complaining tone, 'I cannot understand tipnnu I liking to sit like this. The firelight always did imTk! 1 me feel dull. And I declare, when I hear the muffin I bell in the streets before the lamps are lighted of a ' I evening, it gives me such a lowness of spirits that I 1 don't know what to do with myself. But some «poni« ? don't feel things in that way.' * PQ I Mary rose and left the room, with a very slight and B haughty salutation to Flagge as she passed him. At M the door she turned and said, ' Rosamond is corning 1 into my room to read with me for an hour before 1 dinner. Will you come too, CEnone :' 9 ?« Yes,' answered CEnone. 'I will come.' But she 1 did not move. a A servant who appeared with a lamp informed his 1 mistress that Mr. Wigmore was downstairs in the 1 boudoir, and wanted to say one word to her lady- 1 ship. ? I ' Shall I show him up here, my lady ?' asked the I man. 9 ' No ; I'll go down to him. Dear, dear, everything I comes at once ! Go and give my compliments, and 1 say I am coming. Dr. Flagge, don't you go till I've I seen you again. I -want particularly to speak to you 1 Wait here.' I As the door closed behind her CEnone rose slowly 1 and made as if she were going too. Flagge stretched I out his hand -with a gesture half of command, half of 1 entreaty. 'Stay, Miss Nony,' he said. And she 1 stood still, looking at him. I 