THE WEEK'S NEWS. LAUDING STASES AT POBT ADELAIDE.-We are informed that the Major of Pori Adelaide has received a letter from the Givernrn mt stating that the Engineer of Harbours and Je sties has been instructed to proceed with the erection of lsndica- stages on the sides of the Port stream for ferryboats to discharge passengers. ACCIDENT REAR HACKAM.-As Mr. C. EL Myles, J.I'., sad .Police-trooper Dechert were returning from Noarlunga on Saturday night, December 16, their horse ehied near the top of the hill above Hackbam and threw them both out of the trap, Mr. Myles falling1 on the trooper, whose anclo got fractured; but the former escaped without injury. CONVEBSAZIOKE.-The session of the North Adelaide Literary Association was brought to a close by a very pleasant meeting of the members and some of tneir friends cn Monday, December 18\. Tea was provided in the Lecture TTa.ll adjoining the North Adelaide Baptist Church, to which about 50 sat down. The company after wards withdrew into some of the classrooms, where scientific and mechanical instruments, with voltaic batteries and electric machines, photographs, curios, chess, and draughts, &c;,, helped to pas* away the time. Vocal and instrumental,music added to toe enjoyment of the evening. THK 'WEATHER.-The very severe hot weather from whicu we have been suffering for the last few days appears to have been general through out this and the adjacent colenies of Victoria and New South Wales. The temperature, which reached its maximum on Thursday, was reduced by about 5° yesterday, and shortly after midday a change was experienced; but this change, BO welcome to thousands of exhausted persons, brought aisieter and destruction in its train. A strong south wind set up the Gulf, and in a heavy squall at about half an hour after noon the Ec-hoouer Pottboy - one of tho numerous coaster*. trading between Port Adelaide and the outports-was capsized and foundered, and the whole cf her living freight with the exception of the chief u ate were lost. From various towns in the North wa have news of the fierce ness of tho tornado of scorching wind and blind ing dust which set in, unroofing buddings in all directions, and doing other serious damage. The Port from a littio barare 2 o'clock was enveloped in one solid cloud of dust. At Port Ptrio at about the same time a duststorm the like of whioh had never before been seen there swept across the town and carried away numbers of roofs. At Riverton Suckling's Hotel and the Wesleyaa Chapel suffered in a similar way; whilst at Georgetown a] great deal of damage was done* The tempe rature at all the plaoes from which wo have received communications has beea more than ordinarily high, with but one exception-Lioba .where the maximum 91° was reached yesterday. On Thursday at Gawler the thermometer regis- I tered 116° in the shade at Mr. Niquet's, and as high as 120° at the Railway Station, whilst from Mallala the report is 115°. At Melrose on Friday the heat attained 118° and at Port Pirie 120°. The Eunyip says:-"In Gawler the weather has been exceedingly hot since Sunday last, and business, so far as shopkeepers are concerned, is almost at a standstill;" and from tha r. P. Advertiser we gather that at ifoonta on Thursday the instrument read 114° in the shade, and that some of the residents had a disposition to volunteer for the next Arctic Expe dition. THE WEATHER IN KAPUNDA.-The Herald of December 19 says:-"The period from De cember 11 to 15 (inclusive) will long be remem bered for the extreme heat by which it was cha racterized. On Thursday, the 14th, as men tioned in our last, the thermometer registered 114° in the shade at several places besides the Telegraph Station in Kapunda. On Friday, at about coca, the weather was apparently still more oppressive, the wind being like a hot bias - from a furnace; but though Mr. Oldham's ther mometer (which on the previous day had agreed with that at tho Telegraph Station) showed the heat to bo 115°, at the Telegraph Station the highest registered temperature was only 112°. It was currently reported through Kapunda on Friday morning that one of the new arrivals had died at the railway works from the effaots of sunstroke, but after particular enquiries we have -come to the conclusion that the report was un true. Owing to the extreme heat the men were quite unable to work either on Thursday or Fri day. Mr. Thomas James, of Kapunda, had a sunstroke on Friday, but under the care of Dr. Blood he haE now recovered. About 4 o'clock on Friday a terrific duststorm arose, which proved to be th6 prelude to a very welcome change the south-west wind following immediately after, causing a fall of 12° to 15° in the temperature in less than an hour. The extreme heat evidently considerably aifected tho various animals, &c.;, of tho lower order that were exposed to it. We hear that at Budunda not only did the rabbits seek shelter in the haunts of men, but evon the wild birds, which apparently had becotie stupe fied, flew into the houses of the settlors-there to fall and die. Our Murray Flats correspondent writes of & siniiar state of things there." EFFECTS OF THE HEAT ON THE FEATHERED TRIBE. - Travellers between Kalkabury and Moonta on Thursday last inform us (I'orhc's Peninsula A dvcrtisir) that they saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees that had faiien dead from the cliects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of covered waterholes and tanks; and the smaller kinds with a strong instinct of self- preservation crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. In and around Moonta also the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of domestic fowk having yielded up the ghost during the hot weather that we had on Thursday and Friday last. THE HOT WEATHER IN MELBOURNE. -The Argu* of Saturday, December 16, thus writes upon the hot woather of last week-.-"The weather yesterday, as on Thursday, was most oppressive. The heat of the sun was intense, and a hot Kind-like a blast from a furnace was blowing throughout the day. The highest temperature in the shade registered at Melbourne Observatory was 110*7, which is tho highest re corded in December during the last 18 years, the next highest having occurred on the 21th of December, 1868, when it reached 110. The highest temperature in the sun was 149*1®, which has been exceeded twice during the last 18 years-oa the 20th December, 1869, and 24th of December, 1868, when the temperature was respectively 151 -8" and 151*1°. Messrs. Kasnsr & Moss inform us that the thermo meter hanging within the entrance of their shop in Collins-street registered 104° in the shade, this being the highest reading for the last 17 years. From its position their instrument alwaye registers considerably below those of the Observatory. During the time they have been registering the following £uro the readings which most closely approximate those of yesterday: 101° on January 20 and 21, 1875; 100? on December 22, 1871 ; and 100p on January 14,1862. Early in the evening the wind went round in a southerly direction, and there were signs of a thunderstorm, which, however, passed over without breaking in full forco. A little rain fell later, but did not cool the atmosphere much. The intense heat appears to have extended over the greater part of this and the adjoining colo nies. At Eohuca the thsrmometer reached 157° in the sun, while at Horsham, in the Wim raera district, the maximum temperature in the shade was 113" At Geelong the thermo meter indicated 95° in the shade and 121e In the sun at 1 o'clock, and 100° in the shade and 125® in the sun at a quarter to 4. A thunderstorm was experienced shortly after ? o'clock, but the evening continued sultry till after 8, when a cool breeze set in. At Adelaide at was 114 ?2° in the shade." THE NEW POET BRIDGE.-1The Government have received advices by the BngiiK>i mail the who& of the ironwork and material for this structure, to the amount of 440 tons, have been shipped for the colony per tho Allumbagh, which vessel also brings a full complement of immigrants. COOKKSY CLASSES.*-It is to be hoped persons who wish to be instructed in the art of cookery will send in their names to Mr. Coni grave, the Secretary of the Chamber of Mann, faoturee. It will at once be seen that it is useloEB starting the classes unless a certain number of pupils can be secured. Tho Chamber baa taken the matter up very warmly, and we hope it wDl not lapse through want of sufficient support from outside. THE p. & o. COMPACT'S SERVICE.-A late -Arpvt says:-" An application was made to the PMbnaater-General by the Hon. E. Ward, JKinister of _ Agriculture for South Australia, during hie visit here, relative to an alteration of the calling-place for mail steamers. At present the steamers land the mails at Glenelg, but the weather there is frequently stormy, and it is dearfcd that the steamers should be allowed to ® j ,aA a JPj*06 more sheltered a little nearer Adelaide. The matter has not yet been settled." ! We presume the more sheltered place roferred to is the Semaphore, RTm: MCRBAY TBADE.-The railway authori ties (rays the liallarai Courier) have refuse! to receive any more consignments for the present at the W estern ^Station for conveyance to £chu_ca, owing, it is alleged, to the difficulty of clearing off the large quantity of goods which now lies at that port on tho Murray. This Is a serious matter to some Baltarat firms engagod in i ending ctnfl and pressed hay into Now South "Wales, auc has caused one ol them alone to dis charge no less than W hands. FIBE A.T DAVEYSTOH.-A. fire occurred at DaveyEtou on Friday, December 15, in a ehad belonging to Mr. Christian Fincic, and bat for the united ana prompt elforta of the residents it woald h?ve assumed gigantic proj>ort:ocs sad disastrous cocscquenoes, being near tbo l&r;^e htvyetack of Mr. Dienhoff and tto growing wheat ciops of Messrs. Finck, Wehr, Dioadoff, ana others. The shed, about two arjres of vines, and a .goat were burnt, the flames spreading with such rapxeity that it was impossible to rescue the poor animal. Mr. Farreli, of the Mounted Police, Tanunda, attended shortly after, and on Saturday a private investigation into the cause cf the fire was held before Mr. E. Roberts, J.P., of Walton. Attar carefully enquiring into the matter he deemed it unneces sary to hold an inquest. FIBE AT DHY CHEEK.-About 12 o'clock on Thursday morning, December 15, a destructive fire broke out at Dry Creek on tbe property of Mr. John Jones, a limeburner in that neigh bourhood. It is eaid that some dry grass, naar a haystack, by eome means caught fire, and although the a!arm was immediately given and assistance promptly rendered, all endeavours at arresting the progress of the Era were futile, and in a very short time the fiamse had reached the stack, said to contain £100 worth of hay, and before long had gained complete mastery over the inflammable material. The hay was not the only lose sustained, for a lob of new timber lying close to the stack was consumed in the general conflagration, besides a chaff-cutting machine being- injured. It is unknown how the fire originated! FIRE AT UNLEY.-The peaceful residents of Unley were alarmed on Monday morning, December 18, by a fire, which began in a shed and threatened to consume a house and spread through the township. Some workman em ployed in building a house for Mr. Broad in West-street about 11 o'clock observed flames issuing from a wooden ehed in Mr. James Rogers's garden, on the south side of Mary atreet. They immediately hastorfed with buckets of water, which was tiirovrn on, and neighbours in large numbers collected and assisted them. The wind was blowing to the westward, and saved Mr. Fairfield's stable, which was imme diately in the rear. The garden fence and hedge were burnt, and the grass in front of Mr. Cleland's fence was also consumed. The shingles of the roof cf Mr. Rogers's house caught alight, bat fortunately the hose had been affixed by Mr. Bonney, and wasplayed successfully,andsavedthe dwelling-house. The flames continued until 1 o'clock, when the shed was totally destroyed. The shed contained poultry, which were burnt alive. The house is owned by Mr. Chance, and , was insured. Much praise is due to the work men already mentioned, one of whom received a nasty cut in the head from a piece of the debris falling upon him. No one seemed able to suggest tbe origin of the fire, although the pre mises in question appeared safe five minutes before the flames were noticed. FIBE IN FLINDEBS-STBEET.- Police-Constable Gill reported at the Station that a fire had broken out at 3 o'clock this (Monday) morning in the bock part of premises occupied by Mr. Mclnnernev, situated on the east side of the London Inn, in Flinders-street, tir. Mclnnerney and a son of Mrs. McFie, of the London Inn, with the assistance of the Police, were the first to adopt measures for extinguishing the fire, which broke out in the roof of the lean- to. By their prompt exertions and a plentiful supply of water they soon got the fire under. At 3 a.m. Superintendent Baker was on the epot, and Inspector Searcy with a large body of police arrived, and shortly after the No. 1 Reel. Mr. Down with the No. 2 Reel was also called and turned cut, but luckily, like those before him, his services were not wanted. VEHICLE ACCIDENT AT TWO "WELLS, - On Saturday, the 16th inst., an accident happened in the Township of Two Wells, which fortu nately did not result more seriously. As the mail coach was passing the Council-Chamber a horse attached to a dray belonging to Mr. Impey, and driven by a man named Hazlewood, was backed furiously into the coach, and in spite of the activity displayed by Mr. Opie (the driver of the coach) a fearful shake ensued. One of the occupants of the dray, a little boy, was] thrown out and very much bruised. Mr. Opie immediately drew reins to ascertain whether or not any serious mischief had been done. Dr.- Doonau being at the Council Chamber at the time of the accident the little suffered was examined and cared for by him. THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION.-The Argus ? says A communication has been received by the Chief Secretary of Victoria from Mr. Q. C. Levey, Secretary to the Victorian Commission at the Philadelphia Exhibition. B e mentions that it was expected that the Exhibion would dose on November 10. The judgment obtained by the Commissioners against the owners of the Sserryvore had not been satisfied, and the pro- I r.pects of the vncunt being recovered were vague and unsatisfactory. Objects to the value of £500 have been presented by the Commissioners to the Agent-General, as agent for the Govern ment of Victoria, but they expect him to pay the cost of packing and transmission. Mr. Levey mentions that the Ocean Gem has sailed from Montreal for Melbourne and Sydcej with a cargo of Canadian products and manufactures." THE FATAL QUARREL NEAR GLKNELG.--The ! City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P.) con- | ducted an enquiry at the Morphett Arms, Moiphettville, on Saturday morning, December 16, into the circumstances attendant upon the death of a boy named Frederick Emery Went, which tock place c:i Thursday evening last from injuries he received during a scuffle between him and a man named William Hocking. From the evidence adduced it transpired that about half past 7 o'clock on Thursday evening, December 14, Hocking, who is a groom employed in the Hon. T. Elder's stables, near Gleneig, ordered the boy, who was also in the same employ, to bring an axe which had been asked for by M«, Tothill, the wife of a horse trainer in Mr. Elder's stables; but the lad sturdily refused to do what he was bid. Hocking thereupon said he would make him bring the axe, seized him by the arms, and dragged him a distance of about 40yards in the direction whore the axe lay, to enforce his command being carried into effect. The boy, however, in some manner not explained, managed to gat loose from Hocking's grasp and laid down on the ground, staUmutteringhisref asal to bring the axe. Seeing this Hooking took hold of the boy's collar and one of his legs and lifted him about three feet high or more from the earth. ^Whether Hocking deliberately threw him down violently, whether he accidentally let him slip out of his grasp, or whether the boy in his struggling fell out of MB hands none of the witnesses were prepared to swear positively and definitely. It was stated, however, that after Hocking had hold ef him about the space of a minute or so the lad fell to the ground on his back, his head coming in contact with a stone, which was described by one witness as being a kind of flintstone, about double the size of a man's fist. The Coroner, in summing up, ex pressed his opinion that the case was one which ought to be sent to a higher Court; but the Jury, after a little more than half an hour's delibera tion, announced that they could not unanimously agree upon a verdict, and they were accordingly discharged. Hocking was subsequently charged at the Police Court, Adelaibe, with causing the doath of the tboy Went, and committed to the Supremo Court. SUDDEN DEATH AT NORTH KENSINGTON.-A man named William Faukes Still died suddenly about 9 o'clock on Saturday night, December 16, at North Kensington. The circumstances having been reported to the police at Norwood, the Coroner was communicated with, who visited the residence on Sunday afternoon. Dr. Benson certified that he thought death resulted from disease of the heart. The Coroner did not think it necessary to hold an inquest, as the deceased bad been in the Hospital under treat ment for the complaint suggested by Dr.Benson as the cause of his death. DROWKED.-On Sunday morning, December 17, between 7 and. 8 o'clock, William Fitzgerald, while bathing a little above the Port Creek Bridge was unfortunately drowned. He is known to have been an expert swimmer, and swam across the river, but on returning it was noticed that he suddenly disappeared about the middle of the stream. The lookers-on fancied he was diving, but not coming to the surfaoe an alarm was then given, but too late to be of any avail. It is supposed that he was attacked with cramp. Failing to reach him the Water Police were procured, and with drags found the body just where it sank. Deceased was a shoemaker by trade, about 22 years of age, and a son of Mr. Fitzgerald, a Port Corportion workman. An inquest was held by the City Coroner on Moflftay, December 18, on the body of Wm. Fita ferald, who waa drowned in the Port Creek on unday morning. The Jury foutd " That de- 1 ceased was accidentally drowned whilst bathing in the Port Creek." SUDDEN DEATH AT PORT PmiB.-On Friday, December 15, a man named John Partridge, a late arrival by the tlesperidee, died very sud denly at Port Pirie. He was t» all appearance well and hearty in the morning, and was called to dinner when that meal was ready; but owing to the heat it was not thought strange he dil notccme. Sometime after, on going into his room, ho was found sitting up in the bed quite dead. An inquest waa held, and a yerdict re turned th&t; he died from natural causes. Dr. McGowan, of Gladstone, who was in attendance, did not consider & post-mortem examination neces. E&ry;, the appearance of the body clearly indi cating heart disease to be the cause of death. He leaves a wife and two children at Port Ade laide. REGISTER REUNION.-Tha members of the ItepisUr Btaff held their reunion at White's Booms on Saturday evening, December ltJ, wti6n the amusing eamediatta of the " Practical Kan," undertaken by members of the staff, WAS performed, and was followed by Mr. li. J. Byron's burlesque of " Aladdin, or the Wonder ful Scamp," cleverly localised by Mr. D. M. MagilL The members of the Register staff, and a lady and gentleman amateur who kindly lent their services, sustained the amusing characters in the burlesque with great oleverness, and the performance was a complete eucuess, every one of the players fully appreciating and being thoroughly up in their parts. Between the .comedietta and the burlesque musical selections were given by several ladies and gentlemen. The attendance of relatives and friends of the employe 3 was largo, and at the close the Hon. J. Fisher, in moving a comprehensive vote of thanks to those who had assisted in carrying out so satisfactory an entertainment, referred to his former connec tion with the Register, and expressed his pleasure at the prosperous advancement that had been made since its first establishment in tho early days of the colony. Mr. E. W. Andrews returned thanks, and remarked that 8uch_ reunions had the beneficial effect of binding the members of the establishment closer together, and beeping up that friendly feeling that should always exist amongst the employes of a large institution. The gathering, which was very successfully carried out, was brought 10 an end about 10.30 p.m. MEETING AX BLYTH.-A correspondent, under da'.e of December 15, has forwarded us the following communication:-A large and in fluential meeting of the inhabitants of Blyth and its vioinity was held at the Blyth Hotel for the purpose Of representing to the Government the wants of the distriot. Mr. John Young pre sided. Mr. Hack proposed, and Mr. Duncan seconded, "That a memorial be prepared and addressed to the Council of Education, praying that thoy will take immediate steps towards the ereotion of a school building in Blyth." Mr. Waters proposed, and Mr. Williams seconded, "Thata Committee be formed to convey to the Government the serious want of a Government School, which has been felt for several years;" and Messrs. Young, Knowles, and Duncan were appointed as the Committee. Mr. Hack pro posed, and Mr. Knowles seconded, " That the Commissioner of Public Works be memorialized, pointing out that this township suffers con siderable inconvenience through Hoyieton being made the locomotive depot." Messrs. Hack, Waters, and Young were appointed the Com mittee to draw up the memorial. Mr. T. Williams proposed, and Mr. Knowles seconded, " That the desirability of extending telegraphic communication from Hoyleton to Blyth "be em bodied in the aforesaid memorial." Mr. Duncan proposed, and Mr. J. C. Smith seconded, " That a deputation, consisting of the following gentle men, be formed for conferring with the Minister of Public Works and presenting the memorial, viz., Messrs. Hack, Young, Knowles; and chat Sir George Kingston, Hon. C. Mann, and Mr. C. B. Young, be invited to accompany the deputa tion." These resolutions having been passed unanimously the meeting separated atter giving a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman. BUSH Fele NEAB THE Ethmocks RANGE. The Wallaroo Times of Deoember 16 states tiiat "during the past fortnight a tremendous bush fire has been raging near the Hummocks. It commenced eomewhero on Ninnes's Plains, near the Clare track, and the fierce wind that was blowing at the time caused it to cross the track and ignite on the Baranga track, vhioh it also crossed, and burnt through the whol6 of that extensive belt of scrub ri^ht down to within a short distance of the mail station at Green's Plains. This place was reached on Sunday night, and daring the afternoon of that day many farmers in the vicinity set to work to plough their land both inside and outside the lines of fence, in order that the fences and standing crcps might be saved. At one large farm on the Plains the flames were so close that the ploughing had to be loft off, and all hopes of saving anything were given up, when suddenly the wind changed and blew a hurricane from the west, fortunately carrying the flames in quite an opposite direc tion. The state of affairs at Green's Plains on Sunday is described as frightful in the extreme. Notwithstanding the intense heat of the weather and the flames of a fierce-raging bush fire extending over about 16 miles of country, men, women, and children had to turn out and work to save their property. Luckily there have been no eerious results as yet; and this is I astonishing, considering that the fire has been i raging partly in the midst of a large area of agricultural 'r-nd. One farmer, we hear, at Ninnes's Plains, had a very narrow escape of being burnt completely out, but by dint of hard work he managed to keep the flames off his fences. Ead it caught one f"nce there is no sayiDg where it would have ended. How the fire originated no one can eay. On Sunday evening last Wallaroo and Kadina were beautifully illuminated with the redaction of the burning mass, and the sky presented a lurid appearance. From almost anywhere in the town the flames could be seen clearly, and a news paper could be distinctly read at night by its light. _ On*Monday, Green's Plains, there was very little to be seen of the fire, perhaps c (Ting to t'.o c solneBs of the day, but great fears were expressed by many farmers that should the heat recommence the fire weuld do immense damage. On Wednesday the day opened wiih a hot northerly wind, and emoke from the fire soon rose; towards evening it presented a very wild appearance. On Thursday the heat was some thing fearful, and the volume of smoke the fire belched forth was something enormous. The telegraph-posts through at i close to the line of j the fire here not escaped. Several of them are charred at tho foot, and one of them has been completely burnt through at the bottom, but luckily it maintained i;s equilibrium through the tautness of the wire, which it has only dragged down a little, but not sufficiently to hindsr the dispatch of messages." Launch CF THE EMU.-This steamer, which is intended for the ccasting trade of South Australia, was launched on Saturday, Sep tember 80. and the Grecnock Telegraph of Octo ber 7 gives the following particular; of the event:-"There was launched on Saturday fore noon, from the building-yard of Messrs. Black wood & Gordon, a handsome iron screw-steamer of the following din snEions:-Length of kee" aod'toreraki, 180fpet; breadth of beam, 25fe^.; depth to awning deck, 18 feet 6 in.; tonnage, 548 B jj. She ia to bis fitted with accommoda tion for 50 saloon and 50 second-class passengers and all the modern improvement.., every care and attention being given to the arrangements so as to ensure good ventilation, comfort, and convenience to passengers. She is to be pro pelled by a pair of compound engines of 100 horse-power, made by her builders, and a good rate cf speed is expected on the trial trip. This steamer is intended for the Adelaide Gulf trade, as consort to the Euro steamer, so favourably known on that trade. She hfi order and under tho supervision of Captain R. W. Osborne, of Adelaide, who will also take command of the vessel on her passage out. On leaving the ways eh a was named the Emu by Mrs. Osborne." Bubhi-AIJGENQ.-An extraordinary attempt at busbranging is recorded by the Border Post: " Mr. Filmer's two-horse omnibus was travelling from Wagga to Albury with several passengers, and on arriving at a little scrub which lies between Post's and tho Billabong Creek, at about 5 o'clock p.m. on Sunday, 10th inst., a horseman suddenly emerged therefrom, armed with a double- barrelled gun, which he cocked and presented at the driver. Th9 man is described as about C ft. 10 in. in height, and apparently about 30 years of age. His face was blacked; but perspiration having washed away some of the ^ye, it was easily to be eeen that he was only a * made-up' blaokfellow. He did not attempt to rob the coach, however, but appeared to be afraid that some of the inside passengers were armed, as he cast fre quent uneasy glances into the omnibus, and subsequently rode away. On going on a little farther the' omnibus met a party of three gentlemen, one of whom was a travelling jeweller, who stated that they had been stuok up and robbed of everything they possessed by a man whose description tallied exactly with that of the desperado from whom they had just parted." PETITION TO THE GOVEENOB.-The memorial on behalf of Mr. W. Villeneuve Smith was pre sented to His Excellency the Governor on Satur day. It is signed by over 7,200 coloniste, in cluding 40 Justioes of the Peace, 12 members of Parliament, and a large number of the lending colonists. A petition was alto presented from 32 leading members of the legal profession in different parte of the colony. We understand that the Executive Council will meet to oonsider the matter. COUBT OF AprKAis, POET ADELAIDE.-The Pert Court of Appeals sat on Friday, December 15, at the Town Haii. The Mayor (Mr. D. Bovrer, M.P., J.P.), presided, ana Councillors Halns, Rann, Bennett, Beattie, and Hack were present. The following decisions were given: East Ward-Two appeals; assessment confirmed In one case and reduced by £10 in the other. Centre Ward-Four appeals; asscss&ien;« con firmed in two instances and in the others re duced by about £83, boicp an allowance to H. Simpson of 33£ feet at £2 10s. per foat off .wharfage returned as his property. West Ward -One nppeal; assessment reduced by £5. South Ward-Two appeals; asses sments rsduooi by £10 and £15. THE POET FIBEE EAILWAY STATION.-Our correspondent says:-"The people are still made to walk from the Bailway Station to the town, although it was clearly understood that the Commissioner* of Public Works had given instructions that the engine should, not have the carriage uncoupled before delivering the mails. It is certainty absurd to see people after coming 32 miles by train having to walk three-quarters of a ttfloi and the engine going steadily alongside with nothing but H,M. mails on board." ENTERTAINMENT DT STOW CETUBCH tiECrDBE HALL.-An entertainment under tke auspices of the Adelaide Young Men's Society was given in StJw Church Lecture Sail cn Monday evening, December 18, under the title of "Christmas Customs and Carols." There was a very large attendance,and the Rev. W. RobyFIetoher, M. A., presided. The choir, which numbered about 18 persons, was under the conductorahip of Mr. Jas. Shakespeare, who officiated at the har monium, Mr. T. H. Jones presiding at the piano. The entertainment, which consisted of carois sung by the choir, together with appro priate readings by Mr. Fletcher, elicited hearty applause from the audience. The carols, all of which were well known, were very well sung, especially the solo from the " Messiah," "Rejoice greatly, 0 daughter of Zion," by Mrs. Harris. The most noticeable of the other songs were Christmas Day" and ''From far away." Judging __ from the applause with which the various pieces were received, a thoroughly enjoy able evening was spent. At the close of the entertainment votes of tlimilra were passed to the choristers and the Bev. W. Boby Fletcher. The entertainment closed with the National Anthem. SCHOOL FOB WALLABOO BAT.-The Council of Education on Monday, December 18, accepted the tender of T. B. Heath, of Wallaroo, to build a Kihoolhouse to accommodate 400 children, and a teacher's residence, at Wallaroo Bay. for j £3,849. DAMAGING LAND BELONGING TO THE COUNCIL OF EDUCATION.-At the usual weekly I meeting of this Council on Monday, December 18, Mr. GJyde stated that persons in the neigh bourhood of Port Pirie were in the habit of depasturing stock on the Council's Reserve there, and that thar had even begun to cut dowa the timber. _ The President (Mr. Hartley B.A., B.Sc.) premised to send a surveyor up to Port Pirie without delay. WALLAROO HOSPITAL.-Wo are informed that Dr. Hami!ton * has been appointed Superintendent of the Wallaroo Casualty Hospital in the room of the late Dr. Sholl. PCML TEACHERS' EXAMINATIONS.--An exami nation of candidates for certificates as teachers under the Council of Education was begun at the Model Schools, Adelaide, on Monday, De camber 18, and is to be continued during the present week. The officers conducting the exa minations, under the President of the Council are Inspectors Hosking and Burgan. About 40 candidates, male and female, were in attendance on the opening day. THE SMITH MEMORIAL. - We have received from Messrs. Cullen & Wigley a printed copy of tbe memorial to His Excellency in favour o"f Mr. W. V. Smith. THE COUNCIL OF EDUCATION AND THE TEACHEBS, - At their meeting on Monday, December 18, the Council cf Education resolved not to receive communications from branches of the Put..a Teachers' Association excepting through the Centi al Committee. The K&punda; Branch had forwarded two resolutions passed by them in reference,to text books and examination paper?. LECTURE.-Mr. J. Lasgdon Parsons delivered an able and highly-amusing lecture in the Flinders-street Baptist Church Lecture Hall on Friday evening, December 15, the subiect being " Quaint Things about Quaint Preachera," There was a very good attendance, and Mr. J. Darling, presided. The lecture, wliicb. was treated in Mr. Parsons'g usual happy and attractive style, consisted chiefly of anecdotes aptly iilus trating the truths th3 lecturer wished to educe. At the close of the address, which had been divided into two parts-musical selections Wig well rendered in the interval-a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Parsons, and also to the choir, on the motion of Mr. Bowen. Mr. Howard presided at the pianoforte and acted as accompanist. The meeting closed with the eiaging of the National Anthen. STBETCHIKG THE LONG Bow.-"We have heard,' says the Hamilton Spectator, "of a boa constrictor swallowing his blanket, but never of so great a 'gorge' being made by man. Under the heading * Adelaide' the following appears as a telegram In the Gftppsl&7id -* A lunatic named Cregan swallo~ed a pair of blankets (?) and died.' He certainly must have been wool-gathering." THE INCOMING ENGLISH KAIL.-The Post master-General informs us that the K.M.S Bangalore left Galle at 6 p.m. on the 16th inst.j azd may therefore be expected at Glenelg on or about January 3. CHUJJBEN'S HOSPITAL. - W© are glad to announce that Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Angas have given the handscme conation of £500 towards the funds cf the Children's HospitaL SOIREE.-The closing soiree for the present season of the Literary Club took place in the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hail on Monday evening, December 18. The attendance was large, and the Bev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., the President of the Clubt occupied the chair* The programme combined songs, recitations, readings, pianoforte duets, glees, &c.;, and was gone through in an admirable manner by all who took part in it. The proceedings opened with a pianoforte duet from Rossini's opera of " Semi ramids" by the Misses Wheewall and Marshall, and notable amongst the other pieces which followed were a sacred selection, " David foresaw," by Mr. Plummer, and selections from Longfellow's " Courtship of Miles Standish," read by Mr. Cornelius Proud. Sheridan Knowles's scene, entitled " Love," was also per formed in a praiseworthy manner by Messrs. C. A. Howard and F. C. Boaher, who represented the characters, " The Duke," and " Huon" (his slave) respectively. In the second part Mr. Chariton {was recalled for a humorous recita tion, es was also Mi-s Everett for singing "Good nighi, sweet mother." Mr . A. fl. Neale recited Poe's "Baven" very cleverly and with almost perfect enunciation, and he was loudly ap plauded for his effort. Another scene, entitled " The Heir-at-law," the parts of which were taken by Messrs. Denncss, Bosher, and Howard, brought a oouple of hours' entertainment to a very pleasant close. MINE ACCIDENT.-An accident of a very serious nature ocourred r-t the KuriUa Mine on Monday. December 11, to a man named Wil liams. The Wallaroo Times says "that as he .ras passing under the shaft a stone, falling a distance of 24 feet, struck him on the head, inflicting a sc.lp wound six inches long down to the bone, and fracturing the skulL Dr. Robin son was promptly in attendance at the mouth of the shaft to examine the wounds, and imme diately ordered his removal home. The unfortu nate sufferer Is progressing as well as can be exj- ected. Capt. Anthony very kindly told off two men to watch night and day with Williams, who is a single mail." NEW GOYEBNMENT OFFICES.-We understand that the Government have purchased the fine acre of land situated at thecorr.erof WakeSeld-street and Victoria- square, as a sits on which to erect new offices. At present the Government are pacing for offices which they are obliged to rent an amount per annum equal to the interest on £10,000, and the necessity for room is in creasing. MORTALITT OF An FT, A IDE.-The Australarian in commenting upon a recent article published by UB says:-"The South. Australian Register craws attention to the important fact that the death-rate in Adelaide during 1875 was more than 40 per cent, greater than in the remainder of the colony. It is evident that where so great a disproportion as this exists between the death rate in a city and that in the country districts there Ts something seriously wrong which ooiild and should be remedied. There is nothing in tbe local situation or climate to aocount for the difference. And although people often suppose the contrary, there is nothing inevitably asso ciated with the congregation of a large -number of people on a Email area of ground that is un favourable to health or longevity. Of course many new conditions are called into existence. It becomes necessary to attend more closely to ventilation and drainage and to guard more carefully against contagion. But when all proper precautions are taken there is nothing specially injurious in town life as compared with country life. Indeed, it may be said that in tow^s, as people are usually more copiously supplied with water, and of a better quality than much that is used in scattered mining districts or bosh settle ments in a very arid country, and as medical attendance is more readily procurable when required; towns should, as they are sometimes found to do, possesE an advantage instead of exhibiting an inferiority when compared with the rural districts. Yti here we see in the capital of an important colony 40 deaths in the hundred arising from purely preventible causes, and no measures taken or proposed to remedy to shamefully discreditable a condition of affairs. That in tho face of this disproportion in the death-rate the Mayor cf the city in his annua' report describes the city as being in a ' very healthy tondition' will not surprise any one who fcnows the wonderful mastery of the an of 3eating their most essential work undone, and even UEN thought of, which seems to come to all Corpora tions ss. though W instinct." A Noey DISTRICT COUNCIL MEETING,-The meeting of the Lefevre's Peninsula District Counsil on Monday evening, December 18, was a particularly stormy one. The unpleasantness arose in consequence ef the Chairman nailing- one unruly Councillor to order in language rathsr more forcible than polite. Tiiis led to a very warm discussion, during which, amid muck dis order and cries of " Adjourn, adjourn," the Council rose. On reassembling after some slight measure of peace had been restored, discord once more got the upper hand of the body, owing to Mr. Councillor Harris being ordered to leave the room. This he refused to do and kept his eeat,_ even after some of the members had shown him he was guilty by Aot of Parliament of a misdemeanour and was liable to a heavy penalty.^ At this stage of the proceedings a thundering knock announced a deputation of ratepayers, who set forth the desirability of making a road to the northward of the jetty. The subject of roads was forthwith discussed to the evident discomfiture of the majority of the Councillors. It was asserted that the money of the ratepayers had been expended in making roads exclusively to the residences of Coun cillors, and it was shown that but a few months back when Mr. Swan offered a ten-foot road through his property the Council refused to accept any thoroughfares unless of a width of 20 feet. At the tome this was deemed a wise course, and in consequence of the decision Mr. Swan handed over the twenty feet and the road was formed. Under precisely similar circum stances, however, another road needed to bisect a Councillor's property was not only made at the public expense, but tie Councillor affirmed his right to_ close it at any time he chose. This affirmation caused another noisy outbreak, in which the Council were openly charged with great partiality in expending the rates. At length the Chairman again brought the subject of the deputation before the members, and it was promised the road in question should be attended to. EXHIBITION OF Wobks op ABT.-Adelaide appears to be pretty well provided with msrito rious works of art either original or copied, and also with amateur artists of no mean pretensions. It is singular, therefore, that so little encou ragement ia afforded for the establishment of an art gallery or even a periodical display of paint ings* Now and then a collection of paintings and oleographs is shown, and secures a moderate attendance j but really only a comparatively ? small number of persons of taste avail them selves of the privilege, and it is rarely worth while to incur the expense of (retting together a ! good collection of the productions of leading | artists. However, another opportunity is i afforded lovers of art to gratify their taste in j an exhibition of oil and water colour paintings by eminent artists opened in the Town Hall I Befreahment-room on Tuesday, December 19, and under the direction of Mr. Wivell. The I principal painting, and one which attracts the greatest notice from its excellence as a faithful representation of one of our finest suburban views, is a large oil-painting of the Waterfall Gully from the Mount Barker-road, by Mr. H, J. Johnstone. The Waterfall Gully has always been a favourite natural study for colonial artists, and numerous sketches of it have been shown; but Mr. Johnstone, who has made colonial scenery his especial study, has succeeded in giving per haps the most natural and effective painting of that favourite resort, his picture bearing evi dences of great skill and faithfulness in detail. That work alene is well worth the small amount charged for admission. The collection is not a large one, comprising about 42 pictures, includ ing a few firet-olass oleographs and a number of copies in oil of standard paintings, notably three copies by W. H. Usher, a young artist of great promise. There are several of Mr. Johnstone's productions which have been noticed before, viz., "OldMates," "Fireside Reflections/'and some colonial views, the best of which are two taken from the Onkaparinga, showing some of the prettiest points of the river. There are also some of Mr. S. S. Knight's studies of animals, which wei'i shown at the last Exhibition of the Chamber of Manufactures, and others painted by him by commission, and well worth inspec tion. The water-colours by Gibbs and Nelson are excellent, and an oil-painting-""William Tell in Prison"-by A. Wivell, sen., deserves mention as a superior work of art. The Exhibi tion altogether Is full of interest for visitors, and should be well patronised. During the Exhibi tion the works of art will be offered for private sale, and those that are unsold will be disposed of by auction. ST. PATH'S DAY SCHOOL.-The annual distri bution of prizes at this school took place on Tuesday, the 19th, the Hon. J, C. Bray pre siding. A private examination of the upper school having been made on the previcus day by the Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A., the report of : that gentleman was read, speaking favourably of the reading, writing, spelling, and geo graphy, more doubtfully about the arithmetic, but praising th*. way in which taa tables, both single and compound, were said. "In con clusion," said Mr. Pooie, "allow me to con gratn'rv e you on the goed work which your school is doing in the east end of Adelaide. The lady teachers who, for the love of the work, minister to the_ educational wants of these ' least^ of the disciples;' and the ethers con nected with them in this work are, I believe, helping to solve the difficulty which the almost entire abolition of religion from our State schools thrusts _ upon the Christian philan thropist." Various specimens of eewing were exhibited, shoving the care taken to fit the girls for domestic work. The prize-list was a long one/ and in giving the prizes the Chairman expressed the pleasure it gave him to watch the progress of the school from year to year. The Dean explained that the number of salaried teachers is three; that all vacancies caused by the removal of ladies acting as voluntary teachers had been readily supplied; and that the school 'had during the year increased ia numbers and efficiency. Very deep regret was expressed at the approaching- departure of Lady Musgrave, who had taken so deep an interest in the school and working. After singing by the children, ''Scatter seeds of kindnes3," &c.;, cheers were given for the Chairman and the teachers, and the proceedings concluded with " God save the Queen." ACCIDENTS.-"-1The following cases were ad mitted into the Hospital on Tuesday, December 19:-C. H. Martin, carpenter, in the employ of Mr. C. Farr, builder, who fell whilst engaged in the erection of a now roof to Mr. Acraman's house at Walkerville. Had he not broken his fall by_ striking against a labourer below he would in all probability have broken hia neck. As it was he was go stunned by the concussion as to lose all recollection of the circumstances connected with hiB mishap. Besides a severe shaking he eustained an injury to the left ancle. The man whom he fell upon was not seriously hurt,-Wm. Stephens, labourer, an arrival by the Lady Joeelyn, oii Monday, December 18, fell off the roof of a house in course of erection at Unley, for Mr. Hill, and broke his left leg. He was taken home, and the next morning removed to the Hospital, where the limb was set. ACCIDENTS AT POET WAKEFIELD,-On Friday, evening last, as Police-trooper Corcoran was returning from Kulpara to Port Wakefield, the horse he was ridic j fell, throwing him violently to tie ground. Upon arrival ci Port Wakefield Dr. Bees was sent for, who found t'oat the left collarbone was broken and the right thumb dislocated, besides the system being severely shaken. On Friday evening, December 1, a 6on of Mr. Laury, of Kulpara, aged six years, was thrown from a horse which trampled upon him, tearing the whole of the fieeh from the calf of the right leg. He was conveyed to Port Wakefield and attended by Dr. Bees. On Satur day evening last, Mr. C. T. Daniels, of the Nine miie, was about Is mount hiB horse, when it turned and kicked him above and below the left knee, inflicting severe injury. Dr. Bees was imme mediately sent for. AH three patients are pro gressing satisfactorily. Ssbious Gun ACCIDENT AT THE Bcbba.-On Saturday evening. December 16, Mr. Wo. Pe&rce;, sen., met with, a eeriotui accident with a gun while in company with tbe Be v. O. W. Patcheli. They were returning from Baldina, and halted at the foot of Breakneck Hill to rest the horse, aad when about to start again Mr. Fearce took the rope from the horse's neck, and put it in the front of the trap, in which a gun was lying; the Bev. Mr. Patchell was at the back getting a coat out, when it must have caught the trigger and caused the gun to go off, and the contents lodged in Mr. Pearce'e left hand. Hewas conveyed to Keoringa as quickly as possible, and placed under the care of Drs. Dash wood and Cave, who found that they would be compelled to amputate the third and little fingers. The operation was performed during the evening, and the patient is progressing as well as can be exnected. Iktoetakt TO Mabinees.-Daring a passage from Wedge Island towards Investigator'sStraits, on board the steamer Governor Musgrave, a very heavy break was observed about one W. by N. magnetic from Emmes Beef, At the time a moderate S.W. gale was blowing, with a high eea from the same quarter. As this break does not appear on the Admiralty charts masters of vessels trading to or from Spencer's Gulf are cautioned while navigating in this locality. Kat.kabCET.-A correspondent writing from this loeaiity gaysBenping |has baen fce-cue, but ifi not yet rsnoraly as the crops are more backward here t^aji La many other parts. What lias been reaped promises well for 20 betels to the acic, but oE course tho district vri'i not &Tcrape; that. Sonis that wa? sown late m"! gc from fire to tec. Kangaroos are doing a large amount of damage here." TUB EDITH.-The Hon. T. Elder's yacht Edith has left her moorings off Glenelg for & short sojourn in tbe Port. Oaring Her absence her skipper, Cantain Pennington, will be busy in sending aloft the racing gear, spar-ecraptng, varnishing, and bending sails, with, all the thousand and one etceteras which mate up She pleasure of a yachting man's life. The Edith has only lately returned from a fishing excur sion to Tapley's Shoale, where snapper and sca- Iavycrs were discovered in abundance. Snapper soon covered the decks, some hun dreds being vietimizad by the sportsmen; while several sharks, one a huge light brawn monster, with a small and very wicked eye, bat a huge mouthy were - captured with some difficulty. Our friend in the nankeen suit wa3 towad by the craft to Glenelg, and offered to the Museum, but was " declined with thanks," possibly be cause Mr. 'Water house has now no place where "little interesting specimens" can be stowed. Other yachts will follow in the Bdlth's wake, and receive on overhaul; and though as yet very little stir has been made with regard to sports or regattas, the time is drawing on, and it is probablG that the aquatic season wUl'ehorily open with eclat. GLENELG YACHT CLUB.-A meeting of the Gleneig Yacht Club was held in the office of the Commodore, Hon. T. Elder, on Tuesday, Decem ber 19, to arrange for the opening of the season. Mr. Elder presided. The following officers were appointed:-Commodore, Hon. T. Elder, M.L.C.; Vice-Commodere, Sir W. Milne (President of the Legislative Council); Hon. Sec., Mr. W. R, Wigley, M.P. (Mayor of Glenelg); Hon. Trea surer, Mr. W. Mair, J.P. Committee-Messrs. S.~ Cornish, J.P., J. P. Boucaut, 14. P., C. M. Muirhead, W. L. Beid, and F. E. BucknaU. The following gentlemen were admitted as members:-Meesra. Andrew Tennant, 8. W. Smith, J. Bagot, C. Bagot, Boss Beid, W. H. Bundey, and S, J. Skipper. The opening day was fixed for December 28, the anniversary of the colony, and it was resolved that a silver cup, value £40, should be sailed for at a regatta on January 5, and after some discussion the course decided upon was one from Glenelg to the hulk Fitzjames cff the Semaphore, thence past the Bay round a boat anchored off Marino, finishing at Glenelg, giving a distance of about 30 miles. The Treasurer reported a balance of £-35 8s. 3d., and stated that the whole of the subscriptions for the current season amounted to £150. THE ANNTVERSABY AT Glekelq.-The good people of Glenelg will not give up their time hallowed 28th of December, and on the coming oceasionthe festivities which usually attend the celebration of the anniversary of the colony will be more than usually extensive. The yachting season wCl be opened, and the Club entertained at dinner by the Commodore (the Hon. T. Elder) with his accustomed liberality in the lower hall of tae new Institute, whioh has been kindly lent by the Committee for that purpose, invitations for over 100 guests having already been issued. A rcyal salute at noon wDl be fired by the mem bers of the old Adelaide Volunteer Artillery Com pany. Swimming matches for valuable prizes will encourage an exercise BO useful and bo conducive to health in a colony like this. Other SDortB will take place on the beach, while boats of ali_ kinds will ply for those who have a special weakness for aquatics. The Edith, Zephyr, Xanthe, Winfreda, Albatross, and several others have already promised to sail in the_ Begatta oa New Year's day, for the prize cup, a fine specimen of the eflver smifch's art, valued at £40. The Vice-Commo dore's yacht, the Hygeia, will perform the duties of flagship, Sir William Milne's craft being un furnished with euch a suit of racing gear as would enable her to enter into competition with such formidable antagonists. The course, a long one, will be from Glenelg to the Wonga Buoy, thence to a boat moored off Onkaparinga, and back again to tbe Bay. With BO much to attract and amuse Glenelg can hardly fail to draw the npnal multitude that always visit it on the anniversary of the oolony. THE Twki» 1 k-EIGHTH.-A meeting was held at tho Pier Hotel in connection with the sports to take place at the ensuing anniversary of the colony. There was a good attendance of gentle men, and several resolutions were passed bearinz closely on the matter in hand. The business was opened by the Mayor of Glenelg, who simply stated why the meeting was convened that the 28th of December was a time-honoured festival, and therefore should be kept up on the special day on which the anniversary occurred. Application had been made to the Chief Sec retary for the use of the guns to fire a royal salute, the artillery being perfectly willing to act in their department, but having received no answer to the request the matter was in abey ance. The following Committee was formed: Sir John Mcrphett, the Hon. T. Elder, Sir Wns. Milne, Messrs. 8. Cornish, W. L. Beid, C. Sabine, W. Hill, J. Cherry, B. C. Andrews, R. C. Castle, W. B. Wigley, C. M. Muirhead, W. Parkin, and J. Hewitt, with power to add to their number, ar.d with Mr. W. M«r as Trea surer, and Mr. W. R. Wigley as Secretary. The balance in hand is reported to be £3 8s. 4d. Mr. Moseley spoke strongly in favour of the original day being held a: the celebration of the anniversary of the colony, not only as one who had landed in the earliest days of the colony, and before the first celebration, but he considered the day to be an heirloom to his children, and in discarding the proper observance of this date the hold of the feelings of the rising generation with regard to thair native land would be greatly diminished. The details of the programme were left to the Com mittee to decide on at a future date. THE IIATe MB. JOHANNES ODEWAHN.-We are sorry (writes the Bunyip) to record the cir cumstances that led to the death of Mr. Johannes Odewahn by his taking poison on Tuesday, De cember 12. The deceased was well known and much respected in the neighbourhood, and was a naturalist of no mean ability. His collection of specimens ef natural history from all parts of the world, we believe, cannot bs excelled in the colony. He was in communication with the leading Sooieties of Europe, and made exchanges with them for speoimens of the insect tribe and other species of this colony, and his private collection contains some rare specimens from all parts of the world. He was a great assistance to tbe Gawler Museum, in which he took great delight, and considered himself amply rewarded by having access to beoka suit able to his taste in the library. He was born at Kroeplin, near Meoklenburg-Sohwerin, in 1831, and arrived in this colony with his parents in 1847\. He went to the Victorian gold diggings in 1851, and returned to this colony in 1852, and resided with Mrs. Ereosler up to the time of his death. He was a man of a very sensitive mind, and no one believes that he knew of any such books being in the case that led to the authorities i in summoning him for importing obsoene works. He was buried at Stone HOI Chapel on Wednes i day evening, and his remains were followed by a large gathering of neighbours in the district wherein he resided. SERICULTURE.-On Dec. 15 a few gentlemen interested in sericulture visited Mr. Thorup's well-conducted magnanarie in Gawler, and after being shown over the premises by that gentle man expressed themselves greatly gratified with what they had seen. An account of the visit will be found in another column. POET MACDONNEIX- POTATOES IN SYDNEY. The following extract is from the letter of a Sydney merchant to a Melbourne merchant. It was quoted (says the Border Watch) in the cor respondence received a few days ago by Messrs. Must & Co., and has been handed to us in the hope that it may have a good effect on pro ducers here. The Sydney letter iB dated De cember 5:-u Port MacDonnell potatoes are much before Wamambool, only the shippers make euch bad samples and mess them about eo much. When the dealers there understand their trade they will cut out Belfast and Warr nambool entirely in Sydney owing to their superior quality." MARINE ExcuBsrONS.-Holiday-makers will have no occasion to eomplain of want of op portunities of leaving the aust and heat of the city for excursions in the Gulf. The Ceres is advertised to make trips to Stansbury and Bdithburgh every day during the holidays; and the steamer Glenelg is announced, should suffi cient inducement offer, to leave for Kangaroo Inland on. Saturday afternoon returning on Tuesday night. DANCING EXAMINATION.-Mr. Wivell held his usual examination In hygienic exeTcisae and dancing at the Town TTn.11 on Saturday morning, December 16. A large number of pupils were present and also Beveral ef their friends. The programme, which comprised hygienio and dumb-bell exercise, extension motions, and posi tions for balancing the body, the polonaise marching exercise was gone through with credit both to pupils Slid to their instructor. After a short interval several dances were performed, the principal being "The Lanoers" with banners, the Imperial quadrille ''La Tempele," and a portion of a hornpipe danced by two lads. The examination terminated about a quarter to 1, and Mr. Wivell expressed satisfaction with his pupils' progress. " A Eckered POUNDS."-This is the title of a novelette written by Mr. J. Bounton Stephens, of Queensland, arid published by Mr. Samuel Mullen, of Melbourne. Ihe tale has already appeared in weekly instalments in the <2 km.if lander. CHICKEN FOX,-The li allaroo Tines reports tbe occurrence of a very aggravated case of this compIaiDt at Wallaroo, and statoj that it is tho second case that has manifested itself durinsr ihe past few weeks, Hebdwickb HOCSB Ehtkbtaihhhnt. - It would te difficult to same a& effort mora deserving of support titan that which is being, cow pat forth for the establishment ot a Children's Hospital in Adelaide. Safch an insti tution Is very much required hen, and we were therefore pleased to see a numerous audience at White's HOODS on Friday evening. December 15, on the occasion of on entertain ment given on behalf of the Children's Hospital by the pupils of Mrs. Shuttleworth's school at Kent - terrace. The programme was Tory tastefully arranged, and being largely male up of songs and musical selections was well suited to the taste of the public. The few read ings which wera added were on the whole well given, though some of the younger ladies, while acquitting themselves remarkably well for their age and school experience, could not be very distinctly heard in so large a room. The first item in the bill was a piano duet "Fanfare MiKtftire," then followed the well-known soil and chorus " Priere," from the opera of" MosS in Egitto." After a reading, "Des Bangers Fluoh," the aria "Blsnohe," from " Lea Hugenots," was given. Fart first of the "May Queen" was read by one of the younger girls, and that was followed by one of Leybach'sfantaiuas "Beatrice di Tenda." Two of the young ladies, whose voices blend ed very nicely, sang the duet" Tell us, oh tell us," and when they had resumed their seats part second of the "May Queen" was given. A fantasia cn Irish airs was the next item, followed by the solo "Deh Conte," from "Norma." The whole school, with the assistance of three or four gentlemen, than assembled at the footlights, and wound up the first part with one of the choruses from "I Purifc&ni.;" The following was the programme of the seoond part:-Grand inarch (Bernhardt); reading, "May Queeb," Part ILL; aria, "Scenes that are brightest," from " Maritaua;" fantasia, * Norma;" duet, " Hear me, Norma;" duo pour oiqve d piano, "Souvenir du St Bernard;" reading, "L'Automne;" planosolo," Rhapsodic," by Mr. W. B. Chinner; chorus, " Norma oometh," from " Norma." The sinking and music gave particular satisfaction. The young ladies who performed at the piano showed . themselves most proficient, and those who only 'sang proved themselves to be, for the mos part, possessed of good and cultivated voices. We do not care to draw comparisons here, bat think that two or three of the musical selections particularly did great credit to Mr. W. B. Chinner, the per former exhibiting a very delicate touch and keeping the most accurate time. Mr. T. W. Lyons, the singing master to the school, mast also liave been well pleased with the applause whioh was draWn forth by the efforts of his various pupils. At the close of the concert His Worship the Mayor and the Principal of Prince Alfred College went upon the platform, and His Worship distributed prizes to the successful workers of the establishment. The drawing and. plain and fancy work of the young ladies were displayed on the walls and much admired, both the one and the other being of a superior order* At the close of the prize distribution the Mayor moved a vote of thanks to Mrs, Shuttle worth, Mr. Chinner, Mr. Lyons, and the young ladies of the school for the entertainment they had j given. The vote was carried by acclamation, ! and the proceedings dosed with a Terse of the National Anthem. ENTERTAINMENT AT Hihdmabsh. - An en joyable and successful entertainment, com prising glees, recitations, duets, &c.;» was given in connection with the fiindmarsh District Library and Mechanics' Institute, Incorporated, in the District Hall, Hindmarah, on Friday evening, December 15. The room, whioh was tastefully decorated with evergreens, mottoes, and bunting for the occasion, was well filled, and Mr. Thomas Lees presided. In his prefatory \- remarks the Chairman signified his intention not to inflict a long speech upon his hearers, espe cially considering the excessive heat of the weather; but it would be aecesB&ry; to do what had been done on former similar occasions-to give a brief account of the present condition of the Institute and of cognate matters. This, &B; they were aware, was what they called a "Christmas Entertainment," and the members of the Institute had been in the habit of holding them for some years past. He was happy to inform them that since the last entertainment of this kind had been given the whole of the property iu whioh they were met together had been entirely eman cipated from debt or incumbrances of any description, and a balance of £60 was left to their credit, which, with the proportionate amount supplemented by the Government, would amount to about £100. (Applause.) The Insti tute was wholly in the hands of the readers who frequented it; hence it depended on those readers whether it should progress or retrograde. (Hear, hear.) Since thepropsriy had become tbeir own the Directors had thrown the reading room open to the public, who were now ad mitted into it gratis, on condition that they behaved themselves in an orderly manner whilst in it. The Institute library at present contained about 2,600 volumes of the very best kind sf literature, and there were 27 different periodicals and newspapers for the use of the public. Mr. Daniel had been engaged to conduct a [singing class there, and as soon as extra accommodation could be secured it was intended to establish other classes, mainly with a view of affording a higher class of education to the young men of the neighbourhood than was at present obtain able. A long programme wss then gone through in a most admirable manner by all those who took part in it-Mrs. F. Perryman, the Messrs. C. Daniel, Stscey, M. A. Lees, and the Revs. H. M. Pollitt and J. McEwin; and Messrs. B. Bees, M.P., J. W. Daniel, W. H. Hussey, i?. McCarron, A. Harley, and W. Norman, juru. Mr. Daniel's comic songs were extremely laughable, particularly one in which he pours cut a long and pitiful tale of the woes and agonies he had to endure through " drinking' tea in an arbour." " Did you ever feel that 'way" also proved successful, and so great was the applause with which it was met that Mr. Daniel; had to comply with the desire of his auditors and give a mirth- provoking song, entitled "Jones's Sister." Mr. Bees recited Poe's splendid poem of " The Baven" in an ex. ceedingly clever and effective manner, Among the other noteworthy pieces were a capitally recited poem, called " The Grenadier's Story,'* by Mr. Hussey; a comic reading, entitled "Kilkenny Cats," by the Bev. Mr. MoEwia; " Dublin Bay," sung by Mrs. Ferryman; and Glover's duet, "A Shower of Pearls," the parts of whioh were represented by Mrs. Perry man and Mr. Daniels. ScKSTBOKE.-The Tories Peninsula Advertiser states "a man named Taylor, a butcher, was sunstruck at Manoora on the 14th instant. ff» fell from his cart and broke his collar-bone, besides getting very much bruised." The CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.-We understand that Mr. B. Barr Smith lias promised a donation of £500 to the funds of the proposed Children's Hospital. The Chief Justice and Mr. Thomas Magarey have each promised £100 towards the same object. We are very glad to find that the Committee are receiving such substantial help, and we have no doubt that many others will tor ward contributions to the Treasurer, Mr. J. lu Parsons. COLONIAL DIAKOWD. - Colonel Burgs has shown us a fine diamond, which was recently found at Long Gully, Echunga, by Mr. John Brewn. It weighs three and a half carats, and is of a delicate straw colour. Its value is esti mated at about £3 10s. per carat. We are informed that others have been found in the same locality, and that a few years ago one was obtained, which was such a perfect octahedron that it readily sold for £20, and has ouse been valued at £50. Scpbemb COURT.-The Court sat in Banco on Saturday morning, December 16, it being the Last Day of the Fourth Law Term. Two matri monial applications were heard. In Fyfe v.. Fyfe, the granting of decree nisi for a dissolu tion of marriage was postponed, on the ground that, as bigamy had been proved, the petitioner Bhcuidprooeed avainst her husband criminally. The point will be considered again, as there was not a full Bench on Saturday morning. In Andrew v. Andrew and Harris and Pegler aa. order was made directing tho trial of (he catu»> before a Judge on affidavit without a Jury. No appearance has boon entered either by thft. respondent or the co-respondents. OLD Fbxenbs. - From Berlin (says the. Examiner) & remarkable zoological fact is. reported, worthy of Mr. Darwin's attention. Some negroes, who are at preeent in the German capital, having visited the Zoological Gardens, the whole animal world of African origin collected there was thrown into a state of excitement, partly even of ecstasy, at. the eight of these dark famfffar faces. The African elephant became so exuberant in his joy that he capered about, performing a sort of solo danco. The ciraffea galloped in their cage to and fro with 6'ioh. energy that the negroes had. to be requested not to stop any longer there lest an accident should befall the animate. Even the dignified lions seemed to show, by an unaccustosisd expression, that they wsre quite alive to the occasion, The power of remembering thei? native country through an association of idoi3 arising frcm the tppoaranoo of black msn, and the strength of their ali'eoiior. for their Airisaa home, -«as evidently exemplified by this note ^ortiiT scene. If sach leeliags oan be evoked by vague flashes of recollection among wild beast?, how nicoh more cultivate! mast bo the mental faculties of domestic animals w hose progenitors have through long ago; been sfisoeiated wsi EftnldBd.. "PBOCLAILATION DAY.-We are informed that Mr. W. R. Vfigley, Mayor of Gienelg, applied to the Government for the use of a gon at Gienelg, to fire a salute on the 28th inst. in commemora tion of the foundation of the colony, bat the Go vernment declined acceding to the request on the ground that they had fixed the 27th instead of the 28th for the observance ef the holiday, and they could not therefore recognise the latter day. ODDFEIXOWSHIP.-At the meeting of the Albion Lodge, L.O.O. F., M.U., on Wednesday evening, December 26, P.O. S. E. Cooper was presented with an emblem in token of the appre ciation in which he is held by the brothers of the Lodge for the efficient manner in which he has difoharged the duties of N.G. and G.M. during the past six months. EFFECTS OF THE HEAT ON YOBKE'S PENINSULA. -As an instance of the intense heat during the ast week, we (Wallaroo Times) notice that etween Penang and Kadina nearly all the trees are thoroughly burnt up by the sun, and nothing but dry branches remain. SNAGGING ON THE GOULBBBN RIVER.-The Bay Standard of December 6 eays':-.. Snagging operations have been commenced on the Goul bourn River, and next season will probably &e9; the inauguration of a large trade in exports of produce from that district." OVEBCBOWDED HABITATIONS.-The Kapvnda Herald, publishes the following sensible remarks on the subject of overcrowding habitations : " The town papera iome months took drew at tention to a gross case of overcrowding at North Adelaide, and more recently we have had on Beveral occasions to refer to similar breaches of the sanitary laws and outrages on decency in voluntarily committed by new arrivals in Kapunda, where household accommodation of any kind is not to be had. Within the past few d&jsastill; more gross case has been brought under our notice, which strengthens our pre vioDB expressions of opinion that the Government ought to provide some sort of decent accommoda tion for the families of those who are working on the railway line, and whom their agents have induced to coma to this colony. In Mildred street, just above Dr. Blood's, is s small gal vanized iron wheat-store, in which there are no windows, no facilities for cooking, no water supply, and no outdoor accommodation. In this up to a day or two back no less than three families have been living, they not being able to obtain any better shelter. In addition to the six adults there were nine children, one of the latter of whom has been very ill for some time past, the only wonder being not that she was ill, but that any of the inmatesof such an habitation were well. And in addition we hear that one of the mothers was in a condition requiring the en joyment of all the comforts and conveniences of civilized life rather than putting up with the diEComforts which must have attached to such overcrowding in so unsuitable a dwelling-incon veniences some of which we cannot even allude to, much less mention, but which will readily suggest themselves to those of our readors who ess-inthe enjoyment of dwellings that secure possession of the comforts and decencies of the domestic life. We imagine that few of our readers will have thus early forgotten the intense heat which prevailed last week, and in remem brance of it let iiic-ia strive to picture the condi tion of 15 persons-one a sick child-living in a small galvanized iron building. Not very many persons knew of their condition; but of those who did we are informed that Messrs. Trenerry, Trevaskie, and Thiem did all they could to supply the wants of the new arrivals, whilst Dr. Blood was mcst unremitting in his attentions to the sick child, and for the Mndness shown by all those gentlemea the families expre3s themselves very grateful. They have now succeeded fa obtaining Eome better accommodation." It Ehould_ be mentioned that the Government are providing tents for the accommodation of work men on the railway lines, and that it has been announced they intend following up the practice in connection with all the undertakings. VITAL STATISTICS.-The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, December 16, 1876, were:-Births-Males, 60; females, 65. Deaths-Males, 47; females, 39. Total- Births, 125; deaths, £6. Excess of births, 39. The District of Adelaide. - Birth - Males, 26; females, 22. DeathE-Males, 25; females, 21. Total-Births, 48; deaths, 46. Excess of births, 2. THE QUABANTINE HULK.-The Fitzjames is slowly sending her convalescents on shore, and in a short time will have no patients left on board. On bringing this hulk into active service, every day proves her unsuitable for the purposes for which she was bought. Dr. Baily is of opinion that many changes must be made before she will be equal to the emergency should any arise. The smell of rotten timber is a most objection able feature, and if a large number of passengers had to be put on board, the vessel would be found lamentably deficient in arrangements and accommodation. The outlet in the berths and cabins is said to be inferior to the worst emigrant ships. If therefore any refined well-bred inva lids are obliged to be quartered in auarantine the inconveniences of the hulk will "be doubly manifest. Dr. _ Baily has sent in an important report _ suggesting a number of improvements, and this will probably result in something being done. The position chosen for the ship is eligible enough, and during the time she has been moored there, although wo have had Bome fresh breezes, she has sever moved six inches. THE CABLE CONFERENCE.-We understand that the Ministry have consented to the augges tion of the New South Wales Government that the proposed Conference on the second cable question should be held in 8ydney instead of at Melbourne or Hobart Town as originally in tended. It would be inconvenient to hold it at either of those places, as the Parliament of New South Wales will be sitting at the same time. It is probable that South Australia will be repre sented by the Minister of Agriculture and Education and another member of the Govern ment, possibly Sir Henry Ayers. The permanent heads of the postal and telegraphic departments have been invited to attend, and Mr. Todd, C.M.G., is likely to be present in his official capacity as Postmaster-General and Superinten dent of Telegraphs in South Australia. Various postal matters, including mail communication with England and; between the colonies, will be referred to the Conference, which wiil probably be held early in February. PBESENTATION AT STREAKY BAT.-On Thurs day, December 7, an address, accompanied by a handsome gold watch and chain, was presented by the residents of Streaky Bay to Miss Richardson for the services she has rendered in connection with St. Augustine's Church, Streaky Bay. For a long time she has presided at the harmonum and trained the children of the choir, besides rendering assistance in the Sunday-schooL THE FOSXBOI DISASTER.-We are requested by Mr. W. LDickson, of Port Adelaide, to state that an influential Local Committee hnq been formed to receive contributions for reliev ing the relatives of all the unfortunate men who were drowned in the Postboy. The Committee's intention is to aid not only the widow and child of Captain Thomas, but all the needy kinsfolk of the deceased men. Circulars inviting subscrip tions have been posted. NORTH ADELAIDE PBESBTTEBIAN CHUBCH. It_ has already been announced that the Com xnttee appointed at a recent public meeting have addressed an invitation to the Rev. A. Milne J at vie, late of the United Presbytorian Church, Chalmers-street, Dunfermline, to under tako the formation of a Presbyterian congrega tion in North Adelaide. Mr. Jarvie had re ceived urgent appeals to settle in Tasmania and New South Wales, but after full consideration he has expressed his determination to accept the invitation to North Adelaide. From the favourable impression already produced by the services which Mr. Jarvie has conducted, the friends of the cause anticipate that a prosperous congregation will be ere long formed in that part of the city. RIVER NEWS.-Our Wentworth correspon dent, writing on December 18, eays:-"The Darling is now 12 feet 2 inches above the .summer level, and falling 2 inches in twenty-four hours. It is almost impossible now for steamers of any heavy tonnage to reach Wilcannia. The temperature here on Friday last was the highest experienced since 1872, being about 113° in the shade. The Victorian Customs officer, Mr. F. B. Duke, who was stationed here since 1872, died on Sunday, the 17th inst. Mr. Duke, who had been in delicate heaith for some time, was universally respected both In his public and private capacity, as was fully testified by the large assemblage of people who followed his remains to their last resting-place in the Went worth Cemetery. He leaves a widow and one child. DOMESTIC INDUSTRY,-In connection with the proposed establishment of cooking classes in Adelaide, we may quote the following offer made recently by the Hon. J. McM. Shafter, a Cali fornian resident, in connection with a local Agrioultual Sooiety:-" I will give, at the next iaxrt for the beet five pounds of wheat bread, the best five pounds of rye and corn bread, the best ten pounds of sponge cake, the best tea pounds of fruit cake, and the best ten pounds of pound eake, a piece of plate costing not less than $75, end in my discretion, $25 additional «s second and third prizes; satisfactory evidence to be furnished under direction of the Asso ciation that the bread and cake are the products of the skill and labour of any lady not over 20 .years of age, and that the baking has been done In a common stoyo or oven in ordinary use in a iamily," ANCIENT Obdbb OF FOBEBTERS .-The half ftarly meeting of the Adelaide District A»0> oreBters" Friendly Society was held in the Town £ all Buildings on Mondays December 18> There ; vere present the District Offioen and 42 dele gates from various Courts* The Committee having been duly opened, the balanoe-sheets for September and December quarters were read and adopted, as also was the Auditors' report. P.D.C.B. Mullett was re-elected an Auditor. A fine of £1 Is. inflicted on Court Foresters' Progress for net sending a delegate to the last Disttiot Sleeting 'was rescinded. The following Courts asked permission of the District Meeting to appoint surgeons "who had not passed the Medical Board of South Aus tralia, *121., Millicent, to appoint Mr. Roberts; Industry, Dr. Tiechlke; Teatree Golly, De. Win. Langston; Higheroombe, Dr. Wm. Laagston; Star of the South, Mr. J. Eaden. Leave was granted in each instance. The nomination of officers for 1877-8 was as follows For D.C.R., Brother Percy; for D.S.C.B., Brother Hele; for DT..P.C.R. Measday, P.C.R. Kingsley, P.C.R. Stapleton,«nd P.C.R. Madge; for D.S., P.D.C.B. "Winter and P.D.C.B. Mullett. It was resolved -"That Courts not having sent delegates to this meeting be fined 21s. each." The District Officers reported that the Committee appointed at the June meeting to form a code of juvenile laws had held several meetings, and had suc ceeded in framing a set of laws which they trusted would meet with the approval of the delegates. Copies of the laws had been for warded to the various Courts for their consi deration. Various notices of motion relating to District Gift Fund, the alteration of present laws, and introduction of new laws were read, and it was arranged that they should be dis cussed at the Annual District Meeting next June. The usual number of District reports j were ordered to be printed and circulated. | Other matters of a routine character were dis posed of, and the meeting closod. BAZAAR.-For several months past a Com mittee, consisting of about 20 ladies more or less, have been in the habit of meeting together every Wednesday afternoon for the purpose of making preparations for a bazaar, the proceeds of which should be devoted to a fund for the erection of a manse in connection wifcn the Flinders-street Baptist Church. This bazaar was opened in the Lecture-Hall on Wednesday afternoon, Decem ber 20, and judging from the lavish display the Ladies' Committee must have assiduously occu pied in their beneficent work since the inaugura tion of their weekly meetings. Their efforts, however, do not appear to have met with the success that had been confidently anticipated by many, the attendance at the bazaar on Wednes day being only moderate, though this may be attributable to the somewhat oppressive state of the weather, as the flow of visitors was consider ably augmented after sundown. The usual knicknacks were temptingly arrayed before the gaze of the visitors, who appeared^ to be busily engaged in bartering for tiiem with the fair victimizers who had charge of them. In addition to the fancy goods, lie., there wore two Christmas trees profusely bedecked with toys of multifarious descriptions. He mu3t have been fastidious indeed who was unable to meet in the bazaar with something to suit his taste, for almost every conceivable article from a penny tin whistle to a lady's dress was exhibited for sale. A pianoforte situated at on 3 end of the hall was played upon_ at intervals during the afternoon and evening; whilst a refreshment- stall, presided over by Mesdames J. Sauerbier and C. Everett, was liberally patronized. There wero about nine stalls in the rooms, in the charge of which the following ladies took part:-Mesdames J. S. Scott, Montegani, Glandfield, Marshall, Cooper, Boundy, Stephens, Staeey, and the Misses Lucy, Hill, Fayers, Smith, and Marshall. The Christmas-trees were taken charge of by the Missees F. Marshall, and F. Boundy. It may be worth mentioning that the building of the manse was commenced Eome three or four months ago, and is expected to be completed at the end of March next or thereabouts. FIRE AT GEORGETOWN. - Our correspondent, writing on December 19, says :-" Our township was thrown into a state of &reat; excitement by an alarm of fire at about 2 o'clock on Monday, December 18, when it was discovered that a large haystack, the property of Mr. Canavan, was in flames, and as it was in close proximity to a valuable block of buildings great anxiety was felt as to their welfare, the more especially as there were wooden sheds between the stack and buildings. A large crowd soon congre gated, and many willing hands were at work carrying water from th9 neighbouring wells and tanks, several of the latter of which were soon more or less nearly emptied of their precious con tents; carts were also at work carrying water from the neighbouring creek, reminding one forcibly of Adelaide fires before the days of the waterworks. Zt was soon seen that all attempts at saving any portion of the Stacks were utterly futile, so all efforts were concentrated upon Baring the stable, storeroom, and sheds ad j Dicing, and it was only by great exertion that the build ings adjoining were saved, the heat being so great at times as to cause the woodwork of the roof to ignite under the iron. Beyond some slight damage to the guttering and roof, the timbering of the stable, and the destruction of a quantity of good paling fencing, no other damage was done. But had the fire once got fair hold of the adjoining wooden shed a vast amount of very valuable property must have been destroyed. Fortunately too the wind was light. Had the fire broken out such a day as Friday last the whole town would have been jeopardized. It s rumoured that that the fire was caused by boys smoking. It iB pretty certain that the fire was alight some time before it reached thestask, which was closely fenced with 6-feet palings some distance. An inquest will be held to morrow." BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY.-A meeting of the Angaston Branch of this Society was held in the Independent Chapel on Monday, December 18, the Kev. J. Hanoay in the chatr. The Treasurer reported that the sum of £44 4s. 3d. had just beeen collected. Of this, it was proposed to send £18 to the Adelaide Depot_oii account of BibleB, and to forward £25 as a donation to the Parent Society. The Rev. J. Gillingham and the Secretary undertook to arrange for carrying on the business of the Depository in a more central position in Angaston. The Treasurer's statement showed £17 in hand, with 140 volumes in stock valued at £19. Messrs, Gillingham, Clare, Pavey, Morris. Salter, Smith, Leonard, Tiescowthiek, 0. Holmes, J. Wishart, Tallack, and S. KeaUey were elected Committee; Messrs. Salter and Holmes Auditors; and the old Collectors were reappointed. The pr oceadingB ter minated with the uEua! votes of thanks, proposed by the Rev. R. N. Morris, B.A. PATEKTS,-During the week ended December 19, letters of registration have been granted to Henry James Cole, of Wandsworth-road, in the County of Surrey, England, of an invention for "a combined syphon tap and stopper for aerated liquid bottles;'1 and to William Leicester Addis, of Glenelcr, South Australia, of an invention for "improvements in kikiB or ovens for burning bricks, tiles, pottery, and other ceramieware, also for burning limestone." THE OPENING OF THE RAILWAY IN THE SOUTH EAST.-" It was intended," says the J\Tarracoorl Herald, " to have formally opened the Kingston and Narracoorte Railway in the first week in January, but we understand it will be later in that month, or early in February. However the time tins not been definitely fixed upon yet. It is very likely Governor Cairns will perform the ceremony; and if so it cannot be opened before the beginning of February." WEATHER AT WALLAROO.-"A few tanta lizingly slight showers of rain," says the Wallaroo Times, "fell here last night, which, however, have not done much good beyond slightly moistening the parched earth. When the sky first became overcast with clouds it was hoped that heavy nun would ensue, but unfor tunately these hopes were not realized. _We do not know what will happen unless rain falls plentifully scon." TOT; RAILWAY CROSSING AT CRYSTAL BROOK. -A correspondent (" Locus Standi") writes at greater length than we have room for on the above subject. He is under the impression that incorrect Information has been officially con veyed to the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works with regard to the necessity of a crossing opposite the Goods Shed, which was improperly represented as being sought more for private than public advantage. This our correspondent warmly contradicts, as also the story which he says is current, of the miller desiring the crossing to aid him in selling the milL He alleges, on the owner's direct authority, that he built the jniii to make a living out of it, and never intends to sell* The remainder of the letter enforces the olairns of Crystal Brook to consideration, and points out the convenience which the proposed crossing wQl afford to the neighbouring farmers and others. Sr. FRANCIS XAVIER'S HALL.-An entertain* ment was given in Bt. Francis Xavier's Hall, on Monday evening, December 18, by the scholars of the Roman Catholic Grammar School. The programme comprised songs by several ladies and gentlemen, and a short farce styled "The Harvest Home." The songs were all excellently rendered, but one of the best was undoubtedly " Steer my bark to Erin's Isle," whioh was capitally sung by Miss Nimmo. After several pieces had been played, Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, presented the prizes to the successful scholars, and ex pressed groat pleasure at the progress which the boys had made in their studies, remarking that the result reflected great credit on their teacher Mr. McBride. Miss Morris presided at the piano in an accomplished manner, and the e&tertainment; closed with the National Anthem 