JOHN MARCHMONT'S LEGACY CHAPTER V MABCHILOST TOWERS. BY THE AUTHOR OF " LADY ACDLET'S SECEET, "ELEAXOFT'S VICTORY," S.X., &C.; There is a lapse of three years and a half between the- acts, and the curtain rises to reveal a widely-different picture :—the picture of noble mansion in the flat Lincolnshire country a stately pile of building, standing proudly forth against a back-ground of black woodland, a noble building, supported upon either side by an octagon tower, whose solid masonry is half-hidden by the ivy which clings about the stonework, trailing here and there, and flapping restlessly with every breath of wind against the narrow casements. A broad stone terrace stretches the entire length of the grim facade, from tower to tower, and three flights of steps lead from the terrace to the broad lawn, which loses itself in a vast grassy flat, only broken by a few clumps of trees and a dismal pool of black water, but called by courtesy a park. Grim stone griffins surmount the terrace steps, and griffins' heads and other architectural monstrosities, worn and moss-grown, keep watch and ward over door and window, archway and abutmentfrowning threat and defiance upon the daring visitor who approaches the great house by this, the formidable chief entrance. The mansion looks westward: but there is approach, a low archway on the southern side, which leads into a quadrangle, which there is a quaint little door under a stone portico, ivy-covered like the rest; a com fortable little door of massive oak, studded with knobs of rusty iron,—a door generally affected by visitors familiar with the house. This is Marchmont Towers, a grand and stately mansion, which had been a monastery in the days when England and the Pope were friends and allies; and which had been bestowed upon Hugh Marchmont, gentleman, by his Sovereign Lord and most Christian Majesty the King Henry VIII, of blessed memory, and by that gentleman commoner extended and improved at considerable outlay. This is MarchmontTo were,—a splendid and a princely habitation truly: but perhaps scarcely the kind of dwelling one would choose for the holy resting-place we call home. The great mansion is a little too dismal in its lonely grandeur; it lacks shelter when the dreary winds come sweeping across the grassy flats in the bleak winter weather: it lacks 6hade when the wes tern sun blazes on every window-pane in the stifling summer evening. It is at all times rather too stony in its aspect; and is apt to recall every weird and sorrowful story treasured in the storehouse of memory. Ancient tales of enchantment, dark German legends, wild Scottishfencies, grim fragments of half-forgotten demonology,strange stories of murder, violence, mystery, and wrong vaguely intermingle in he stranger's mind as he looks, for the first time, at Marchmont Towers. But of, course these feelings wear off in time. o invincible is the power of custom, that we iiglit make ourselves comfortable in the Castle f Gtranto, after a reasonable sojourn within ts mysterious walls: familiarity would breed ontempt for the giant helmet, and all the, ther grim apparitions of the haunted dwelling j g p o c f The commonplace and ignoble wants of everyday life must surely bring disenchantment with them. The ghost and the batcher's boy cannot well exist contemporaneously; and the avenging shade can scarcely continue to lurk beneath die portal which is visited by the matutinal milkman. Indeed, this is doubtless the reason that the most restless and impatient spirit, bent on early vengeance and immediate retribution, will yet wait until the shades of night have fallen before he reveals himself, rather than run the risk of an ignominious encounter with the postman or the parlor-maid. Be it how it might, the phantoms of Marchmont Towers were not intrusive. They may have perambulated the long tapestried corridors the tenantiess chambers, the broad black staircase of shining oak; but, happily, no dweller in the mansion was ever seared by the sight of their pile faces. All the dead-andgone beauties, aud soldiery and lawyers, and parsons, and simple country squires of the Marchmont race may have descended from their picture-frames to hold a witches' sabbath] in the old mansion ; but as the Lincolnshire 1 servants wore hearty eaters.and heavy sleepers, the ghosts had it all t«j themselves. I believe there was one dismal story attached to the house,—the stuir of a Marchmont of the time of Charles L, who had murdered his coachman in a fit of insensate rage; and it was even asserted, upon the authority of an old housekeeper, that John 3tarclunont's grandmother, when a young woman and lately come as a bride to the Towers, had beheld the murdered coachman stalk into her chamber, ghastiy and blood-bedabbled, in the dim summer twilight But as this story wa? not particularly romantic, and possessed none of the dements likely t ensure popularity,—such as love, jealousy, re vi-nge. mystery, youth, and beauty,—it had never been very widely disseminated. Perhaps the new owner of Marchmont Towers—new within the last six months—was about the last person in Christendom to be hypercritical, or to raise fanciful objections to his dwelling: for inasmuch as he had come straight from a wretched transpontine lodgin^. to this splendid Lincolnshire mansion, and had at the same time exchanged a stipend of thirty shillings a week for an income of eleven thou sand a year (derivable from lands that spread far away, over fenny flats and low-lying farms, to the solitary sea- shore), he had ample reason to be grateful to Providence, and well pleased with his new abode. Yes; Philip Marchmont, the childless widower, had died six months before, at the close of the year '43, of a broken heart, his old servants said—broken by the Joss of his only and idolized son; after which loss he had never been know to smile. He was one of those undemonstrative men who can take great sorrow quietly, and only—die of it Philip [Marchmont lay in a velvet-covered coffin, above his son's, in the stone recess set apart for them in the Marchmont vault beneath Kemberling Church, three miles from the Towers; and John reigned in his stead. John Marchmont, the supernumerary, the bannerholder of Drury Lane, the patient,conscientious copying and outdoor clerk of Lincoln's Inn, was now sole owner of the Lincolnshire estate^ sole master of a household of well-trained old' servants, sole proprietor of a very decent country gentleman's stud, and of chariots, barouches, chaises, phaetons, aud other vehicles —a little shabby and out of date it may be but very comfortable to a man for whom an omnibns ride had long been a treat and a raritv. Nothing had been touched or disturbed since Philip Marchmont's death. The rooms he had used were still the occupied apartments; the chambers lie had chosen to shut up were still kept with locked doors: the servants who had served hiin waited upon his successor, whom they declared to be a quiet, easy gentleman, far too wise to interfere with old servants' every one of whom knew the ways of the house a great deal better than he did, though he was the master of it. There was, therefore, no shadow of change in the stately mansion. The dinner-bell still rang at the same hour: the same tradespeople left the same species of wares at the low oaken door: the old housekeeper, arranging her simple menu, planned her narrow round of soups and roasts, sweets and made-dishes, exactly as she had been wont to do, and had no new tastes to consult. A grey-haired bachelor, who had been own-man to Philip, was now own-man to John. The carriage which liad conveyed the late lord every Sunday to morning and afternoon sendee at Kemberling conveyed the new lord, who sat in the same seat that his predecessor had occupied in the great family-pew, and read his prayer out of the same book—a noble crimson moroccocovered volume, in which George, out most racious King and Governor, and all manner of dead-and-gone princes and princesses, were rayed for. The presence of Mary Marchmont made the nly change in" the old house; and even that hange was a very trilling one, Mary and her ather were as closely united at JJarehmont Towers as they had been in Oakley-street. The little girl clung to bet father as tenderly as ever—more tenderly than ever perhaps; for she knew something of that which the physicians had said, and she knew that John Marchmont's lease of life was not a long one. Perhaps it would be better to say that he had no lease at all His soul was a tenant on sufferance in its frail earthly habitation, receiving a respite now and again, when the flicker of the lamp was veiy low—every chance breath of wind threatening to extinguish it for ever It was only those who knar John Marchmont very intimately who were folly acquainted with the extent of his danger. He no longer bore any of those fatal outward signs of consumption which fatigue and deprivation had once made painfully conspicuous. The hectic flush and the unnatural brightness of the eyes had subsided; indeed, John seemed much stronger and heartier than of old; and it is only great medical practitioners who can tell to a nicety what is going on inside a man, when he presents a very fair exterior to the unprofessional eye. But John was decidedly better than he liad been. He might live three years, five, seven possibly, even ten yeaTs; but he must live the life of a man who holds himself perpetually upon his defence against death; and he must recognize in every bleak current of wind, in every chilling damp, or perilous heat, or over-exertion or ill-chosen morsel of food, or hasty emotion, or sudden passion, an insidious ally of his dismal enemy. Mary Marchmont knew all this,—or divined it, perhaps, rather than knew it, with the child-woman's subtle power of divination, which is even stronger than the actual woman's; fur her father had done his best to keep all sorrowful knowledge from her. She knew that he was in danger; and she loved him all the more dearly as the one precious thing which was in constant peril of being snatched away. The child's love for her father has not grown any less morbid in its intensity since Edward Arundel's departure for India : nor lias Mary become more childlike since her coming to Marehmont Towers, and her abandonment of all those sordid cares, those pitiful every-day duties, which had made her womanly. It may be that the last lingering glamour of childhood had for ever faded away with the realization of the day-dream which she had carried about with her so often in the dingy transpontine thoroughfares around Oakleystreet. Marchmont Towers, that fairy palace, whose lighted windows had shone upon her far away across a cruel forest of poverty and trouble, like the enchanted castle which promises shelter to the lost wanderer of the child's story, was now the home of the father she loved. The grim enchanter Death, the only magician of our modern histories, had waved his skeleton hand, more powerful than tho star-gemmed wand of any faiiy godmother, and the obstacles which had stood between John Marchmont and his inheritance had one by one been swept away. Butwas Marchmont Towers quite as beautiful as that fairy palace of Mary's day-dreamf ifo, not quite—not quite. The rooms were handsome,—handsomer and larger, even, than the rooms she had dreamed of: but perhaps none the better for that. They were grand, and gloomy, and magnificent; but they were not the sunlit chambers which her fancy had built up, and decorated with such shreds and patches of splendor as her narrow experience enabled* her to devise. Perhaps it was rather a disappointment to Miss Marchmont to discover that the mansion was completely furnished, and that there was no room in it for any of those splendours which she had so often contemplated in the Xew Cut. The parrot at the greengrocer's was a vulgar bird, and not by any means admissible in Lincolnshire, The carrying away and providing for Mary's favorite tradespeople was not practicable: and J ohn Marchmont had demurred to her proposal of adopting the butcher's daughter. There is always something to be given up, even when our brightest visions are realized: there is always some one figure ( a low obo perhaps) missing in tho fullest sum of earthlv happiness. It is just possible that if Alnaschar had married the Vizier's daughter he would have found her a shrew, and would have looked back yearningly to the humble days in which ho had been an itinerant vendor of crockervware. J If, therefore, Mary Marchmont found her sunlit fiujp.es «ot quite realized by the great stony mau^y vihat frowned upon the fenny ' country-side,' the wide grassy flat, the black pool, with its dismal shelter of weiwl pollardwillows, whose ugly reflections, distorted on the bosom of the quiet water, looked like the . shadows of hump- backed men:-if these things did not compose as beautiful a picture as that which the little girl had earned so CgTn heJ mind, she had no more reason to be bottv than he rest of us, and had been no more foolish than other dreamers. It may he she liad built • her airy castle too much after tho model oft! . last scene in a pantomime, and that she exppcted to find spangled waters twinkling fo perpetual sunshine, revolving fountains, overexpanding sunflowers, and gilded clouds of roso-colored gauze,—everything except the fairies, iu short,—at Marclimont Towers. Well, the dream was over: aud she was quite a woman now, and very grateful to Providence when she remembered that her father had no longer need to toil for his daily bread, and that lie was luxuriously lodged, and could havo the first physicians iu the land at his beck and call. " Oh, papa, it is so nice to be rich!" the young lady would exclaim now and then, in a fleeting trausport of enthusiasm. "How good we ought to be to poor people, when wo remember how poor we once were 1" The little girl did not forget to bo good to the poor about Kembeiimg and Marclimont Towers. There were plenty of poor, of course —free-and-easy pensioners, who came to the Towers, for brandy, aud wine, and milk, and woollen stufts, aud grocery, precisely as they would have gone to a shop, except that there was to be no bill. The housekeeper doled out her bounties with many short homilies upon the depravity aud ingratitude of the recipients, and gave tracts of an awful and denunciatory nature to the pitiful petitioners—tracts interrogatory, and tracts fiercely imperative; tracts that asked, " Where are you going t" "Why are you wicked?" What will become of you I" and other tracts which cried, " Stop and think!" " Pause, while there is time!" " Sinner, consider!" " Evil-doer, beware !" Perhaps it may not be the wisest possible plan to begin the work of reformation by frightening, threatening, and otherwise disheartening the wretched sinner to be reformed. There is a certain sermon in the New Testament, containing sacred and comforting words which were spoken upon a mountain near at hand to Jerusalem, and spoken to an auditory amongst which there must have been many sinful creatures ; but there is more of blessiug than cursing in that sublime discourse, and it might be rather a tender father pleading gently with liis wayward children than an offended Deity dealing out denunciation upon a stubborn and refractory race. Possibly the authors of the tracts may be unacquainted with tliis sermon; and they may have taken their ideas of composition from that comforting service which we read on Ash-Wednesday, cowering in fear and trembling in our pews, and calling down curses upon ourselves and our neighbors. Be it as it might, the tracts were not popular amongst the pensioners of Marclimont Towers. They infinitely preferred to hear Mary read a chapter in the New Testament, or some pretty patriarchal story of primitive obedience and faith. The little girl would discourse upon the Scripture histories iu her simple, oldfashioned manner; and many a stout Lincolnshire farm-laborer was content to sit over his hearth, with a pipe of shag-tobacco and a mug of fettled beer, while Miss Marclimont read and expounded the history of Abraham and Isaac, or Joseph and his brethren. " It's joost loike a story-book to hear her," the man would say to his wife : " and yet she brings it all hoanie, too, loike. If she reads about Abraham, she'll say, maybe, 'That's joost how you gave your only sou to bo a soldier, you know, Muster Moggins;'—she alius says Muster Moggins;—' you gave un into God's hands, and you troostcd God would take care of un; and whatever cam' to un would bo the best, oven if it was death.' That's what she'll say, bless her little heart! so gentle and tender loike. The wust o' chaps couldn't but listen to her." Mary Marchmont's morbidly sensitive nature especially adapted her for all charitable offices. No chance word iu her simple talk ever inflicted a wound upon the listener. Sho had a subtle and intuitive comprehension of other people's feelings, derived from the extreme susceptibility of her own. She had never been vulgarized by the associations of poverty; for her solf-coutainod nature took no color from the things that surrounded her, and she was only at Marclimont Towers tliat which she had been from the ago of six—a little lady; grave and gentle, dignified, discreet, and vise. There was one bright figure missing out of the picture which Mary had been wont of late years to make of the Lincolnshire mansion, and that was the figure of the yellow-haired boy who had breakfasted upon haddocks and hot rolls iu Oakley-street. She liad imagined Edward Arundel an inhabitant of that fab- Utopia. He would live with them; or, if ho could not live with them, ho would bo with them as a visitor,—often—almost always. He would leave off being a soldier, for of course her papa could give him more money than ho could get by being a soldier—(you see that Mary's experience of poverty had taught her to take a mercantile and sordid view of military life)—and he would come to Marclimont Towers, and ride, and drive, and play tennis (what was tenuis! she wondered), and read three-volume novels all day long. But that part of the dream was at least broken. Marchmont Towers was Mary's home, but tho young soldier was far away ; in the Pass of Bolan, perhaps,—Mary had a picture of that cruel rocky pass almost always in her mind,—or cutting his way through a black jungle, with the yellow eyes of hungry tigers glaring out at him through the rank tropical foliage ; or dying of thirst and fever under a scorching sun, with no better pillow than the neck of a dead camel, with no more tender watcher than the impatient vulture Hupping her wings above his head, and waiting till lie, too, should be carrion. What was the good of wealth, if it could not bring this young soldier homo to a safe shelter in his native land? John Marchmont smiled when his daughter asked this question, and* implored her father to write to Edward Arundel, recalling him to England. " God knows how glad I should be to have the boy here, Polly !" John said, as he drew his little girl closer to his breast—she sat on his kuee still, though she was thirteen years of age. " But Edward has a career before him, my dear, and could not {jive it up for an inglorious life in this rambling old house. It isn't as if I could hold out any inducement to him, you know, Polly. I can't, for I mustn't leave any money awny from my little girl." " But lie might have half mv money, papa, or all of it," Mary added, piU'ously. " What could 1 do with money if T She didn't finish the sentence; she never could complete any such sentence as this; but her father knew what sho uvant. So six months had passi-d since a dreary January day upon which Jolm Marclimont had read, in the second column of the " Times," that ho could hear of something greatly to his advantage by applying to a certain solicitor, whoso oiTiccs were next door but one to those of Messrs. Paulelte, Paulotie, and Malhewson's. His heart began to beat very violently when he read that advert isement in the supplement, which it was one of his duties to air before the fire iu the clerks' office ; but lie showed 110 other sign of emotion. He waited until he took the papers to his employer; and as he laid tlieiu at Mr. Mathewson's elbow, murmured a respectful request to be allowed to go out for half an hour, upon his own business. 'Good gracious me, Marchmont!" cried the lawyer; " wliat can you want to go out for at this time in the morning? You've only just come; and there's that agreement between Higgs aud Saudymau must be copied before " Yes, I know, sir. I'll bo back in time to attend to it; but I—I think Fve come into a fortune, sir; and I should like to go and see about it." 1 The solicitor turned in his revolving library | chair, and looked aghast at his clerk. Had I this Marchmont—always rather unnatuiallv j reserved and eccentric—gone suddenly mad ? / No: the copying-clerk stood by his employer's side, grave, self-possessed as ever, with his forefinger upon the advertisement. ** Marclimont—John—call—Messrs. Tindal and Trollam " gasped Mr. Mathewson. " Do you mean to tell me it's you V' " Yes, sir." "Egad, I'll go with you!" cried the solicitor, hooking Ills arm through that of. his clerk, snatching his hat from an adjaceut stand, and dashing through the outer oilice, down the great staircase, and into the next door but one, before John Marclnuont knew whore he was. John had not deceived his employer. Marchmont Towers was his, with all its appuitenances. Messrs. Paillette, Paulettc, and Mathewson took him in hand, much to the chagrin of Messrs. Tindal and Trollam, and proved his identity in less than a week On a shelf above the high wooden desk at which John liad sat, copying law-papers with a weary hand and au aching spine, appeared two brannew deed-boxes, iuscribod in white letters, with the name aud address of JOHN MAIICU- HONT, ESQ., MAUCIIMONT Towmis. The copying-clerk's sudden accession to fortune was the talk of all the employes in " The Fields." Marchmont Towers was exaggerated into half Lincolnshire, and a slice of Yorkshire; eleven thousand a year was expanded into au annual million. Everybody cxpccted Imwuae from the legatee. How fond people had been of the quiet.clerk, aud how magnanimously they had concealed their sentimonts during his poverty, lest they should wound him as they urged, " which" they knew ho was sensitive; and how expansively they now dilated on their long-suppressed emotions ! Of course, under those circumstances, it is hardly likely that everybody could be satisfied; so it is a small thing to say that the dinner which John gave •—by his late employers' suggestion (he was about the last man to think of giving a dinner)—at the " Albion Tavern," to the legal stau of Messrs. Paulette, Paulette, aud Mathewson, aud such acquaintance of the legal profession as they should choose to invite, was a failure'; aud that gentlemen who were pretty well used to dine upon liver and bacon, or beef-steak'and onions, or the joint, vegetables, broad, cheese, and celery for a shilling, turned up their noses at the turbot, murmured at the paucity of green fat in the soup, made light of rod mullet and ortolans, objected to the flavor of the truffles, aud woro contemptuous about the wines. John knew nothing of this. Ho liad lived a separate and secluded existence; and his only thought now was of getting away to Marchmont Towers, which mansion liad been familiar to him in his boyhood, when ho had been wont to go f .hore on occasional visits to his grandfather. He wanted to get away from tlio turmoil and confusion of the big, heartless city, in which ho had endured so much: ho wanted to carry away his little girl to a quiet country homo, and live and die there in peace. He liberally rewarded all the good people about Oakley-street who had been kind to little Mary: and there was weeping iu the regions of the Ladies' Wardrobe when Mr. Marchmont and his daughter went away one bitter winter's liiorning in a cab, which was to carry them to the hostelry whence the coach started for Lincoln. It is strange to think how far those Oaklcystreet days of privation aud endurance seem to havo receded in the memories of both father and daughter. The impalpable past fades away, and it is difficult for John and his little, girl <•« believe that they were once so poor aud desolate. It is Oakley street nowthat is visionary and unreal. The stately county families bear down upon Marchmont Towel's in great lumbering chariots, with brazen crests upon the hammer-cloths, and sulky coachmen in Brown-George wigs. The county mammas patronize and caress Miss Marchmont—what, a match she will be for one of the county sons by-and-by!—the county daughters discourse with Mary about her poor, and her fancy work, and her piano. She is getting on slowly enough with her piano—poor little girl!— under the tuition of the organist of Swampington, who gives lessons to that part of the county. And there are solemn dinners now and then at Marchmont Towers—dinners at which Miss Mary appeals when the cloth has been removed, and reflects in silent wonder upon the change tliat has come to her father and herself. Can it be true that she has ever lived in Oaklev-street, whither came no more aristocratic visitors than her Aunt Sophia, who was the wife of a Berkshire farmer, and always brought hogs' puddings, and butter, and homemade bread, aud other rustic delicacies, to her brother-in-law; or Mrs, Brig6ome, the washerwoman, who made a morning call every Mon ^ fetch J0hn Marchmont's shabby shirts? shirts were not shabby now; and it was no i0Uger Mary's duty to watch them day by day, aud manipulate them tenderly when the g^y frayed at the sharp edges of the f0l,iSf or the button-holes gave signs of wealcness. Corson, Mr. Marchmont's own man, jia(j care 0f the shirts now : and John wore diamond studs and a black satin waistcoat, when he gave a dinner-party. They were not very lively, those Lincolnshire dinner-parties, though the dessert was a sight to look upon, in Mary's eyes. The long shining table, the red and gold and. purple Indian china, the fluffy woollen d'oyleys, the sparkling cut-glass, the sticky preserved ginger and guava jelly, and dried orange rings aud chips, and all the stereotyped sweetmeats, were very grand aud beautiful, no doubt; but Mary had seen livelier desseits in Oakley-street, though there had been nothing better than a brown-paper bag of oranges from the Westminster-road, aud a bottle of two-and-twoponny Marsala from a licensed victualler's in the Borough, to promote conviviality. (To be continued). JOKES MADE EASV.—It is said that a Chinese gentlomau thinks it beneath his dignity to manufacture his own witticisms. He appreciates wit, aud ho is fond of tea, but he would as soon grow his own tea as make his own jokes. When he goes into society he carries in his pocket a package of prepared witticisms and repartees, which ho has purchased at the nearest jokeshop. When conversation Hags, and ho perceives an opportunity for saying something brilliant, he draws a humorous remark from the top of his package, and gravely hands it to his neighbor. The latter as gravely reads it, and, selecting from his bundle of repartees the one which is appropriate, returns it with a bow to the original joker. The two then solemnly smile in a courteous and undemonstrative way, and resume their conversation, satisfied as to thenhaving acquitted themselves with conspicuous brilliancy. WESTON'S WIZARD OIL and MAGIC PILLS have cured more wonderful cases of Rheumatism, Govt Neuralgia, Aches, Pains, Swellings, Cahed Breasts, Bums ', Scalds, and Salt-Rheum, upon the human frame, than all the pretended remedies have since the ivorld began. These Great American Medicines are composed of vegetable oils, healing' guins, roots and herbs ; aud act like a charm upon pain and inflammation. 