THE HORROR OF HOBGOBLIN HOLLOW- ('HATTER I. —THE HOLLOW. I i OLD colonists doubtless remember the great excitement of the gold rush to Hobgoblin Hollow. Old and young, good, bad, and indiil'crent, were at the time afllicted with that gold-thirst, that has been to Australia Felix at once her greatness and her curse. Tom l'uddlings, 1 the lucky miner, said that the gold at Hobgoblin Hollow was next to i inexhaustible, and so convinced was he of the truth of his assertion J that he took up his residence there and spent all his money building j an immensely large and lumbering-looking hotel which he called, " The Hobgoblin Hollow Arms." i lint alas, for Tom Puddlings's prophecy, his money, his hotel,_ and himself, the gold at " the Hollow was soon exhausted, the miners sought fresh reefs and rushes new, and the township of Hobgoblin Hollow, unduly forced by gold-heat into unnatural bloom, languished and fell away till it became what it still remains, a semi-paralysed idiotic country village. Tom Puddlings never recovered the mental and the pecuniary shock consequent upon his unfortunate speculation, and partly in despair, and considerably in liquor, lie went one Christmas eve into his large and commodious dining hall and cut his throat like a digger of the good old days. No new tenant could be found for the hotel, and like some ancient castle whose use and occupation had gone with high-bred dames, and belted knights, the Hobgoblin Hollow Arms slowly crumbled to decay. (,'HAL'TEI; II.— 1 TIIK HORKOI:. Ghastly grim seemed the ill-starred and deserted hotel even in daylight, but, oh ! how weird and woe-begone it looked when shrouded in the white ghostly beams of the pale orb of night. -But few men and no maids dared to pass the "suicide's folly" after dark. Those that looked upon the massive pile felt that it lowered upon them spectrally, and seemed as though it were of another world than theirs. A cliil'l congealed their marrows, and their hairs stood on end. Unearthly noises and discordant shrieks were heard resound- ing through the deserted passages. A pjirty of villagers returning from a merry making, heard footsteps as they passed and were rooted to the spot. ' T h e n followed unearthly shrieks, and wild unworldly screams. Drawn against their wills by some horrible fascination they approached the place, looked in, and saw—IT ! The varied wild and incoherent descriptions given rendered anything like an accurate description of it impossible ; but that the place was haunted was the unalterable conviction of those who had looked 111 upon and had beheld the Horror of Hobgoblin Hollow ! (Continued on next page.) CHAP. III.—THE TRAVELLER. 'TWAS Christmas eve again, and a travel-stained tramp might be seen and heard knocking a1 the door of the " Arms." Rat-tat- tat-tat, knocked the tramp, and the echoes replied, first shrieking, then speaking, then murmuring, and at last whispering Get out of that! ! Get out of that! G' out' that—G' that!" " Ah," said the tramp, " no one lives here, So much the better for me. I suppose the old barn is haunted—who cares ? I'm not afraid oi spirits !" and if there be truth in noses he certainly was not. He pushed • the front door from its hinges, went upstairs into the very room where Tom Puddlings had committed suicide, and proceeded to make himself comfortable for the night. He was just dozing .off when—Merciful Powers ! what was that ? Footsteps ascending the stairs? Yes, nearer, nearer, NEARER, NEARER !!! The door opened, and the travel-- ler's blood turned to raspberry icecream as in the dim light he saw—The Horror of Hobgoblin Hollow ! CHAP. IV. THE TRUTH. , The tramp had looked upon death in every form, and was not easily frighted. It was but his imagination—or his disordered stomach, or—But no, the apparition advanced into the room! '' In heaven's name, who are you ?" screamed the traveller. The apparition shook its head slowly and sadly, and gave forth a groan, so deep, BO terrible, aud so hideous, that the other occupant of the room was startled into an extremity of fear. Still the Apparition advanced upon the tramp, uttering more piercing cries at every stride. The horrified man started up, and muttering a hurried prayer to heaven for mercy, flung himself despairingly upon his ghostly visitor.— A crash—a scream—an unearthly yell that resounded fearfully through the ruined house—and the weary tramp had learnt the whole truth ! For the ghost, mistaking the tramp's green necktie for grass, brought its face so close that the travellerthen learnt that an old donkey was the real horror of Hobgoblin Hollow! 