Paris. [From our tmn <brrispmidtnt.] M. de Lavcr^nc, in ] 85H first signalled the relative depopulation of France, which never at any time was distinguished by a rapid augmentation. Since then, he has annually published a letter on the state of the population, as other authorities do on the state of the crnps. His present communication is very afflicting, and is viewer! as a kind of disaster. It was the general impression that the French, emulous of everything German, were about surpassing the Prussians in the possession of numerous families ; but it is now corroborated that the Saxon race ami the Protestant religion, are mcfit, favorable to an increase of population. England doubles her population every sixty years, while France effects such onlv in six times that period. The net increase in the population of this country in 1873 was 10J,776. or 71,000 less as compared with 1872, an unfavorable result due alike to diminished births anal an increase in deaths. The nation seems to have decided to increase the budget and diminish the population. In 25 departments, the deaths exceed the births, and the latter are greatest as the districts are most! poor. Bretagne obeys the law of increase j and multiply, while rich Normandy ignores I it.. The causes of the relative depopulation ' of France are comple ; are moral as well ns economical, and great well-being, as well as great want are alike inimical to an augmentation of births. T"e rich desire to have only children that will live, hence are contented with few ; the poor think less about a numerous offspring, hence lose many. Wealth thus diminishes the births, and penury multiplies the deaths. Among the mora! causes at work are, thrf feebleness of religious principles and an abatement of the sentiment of duty. The cost of luxurious living, a feeling of vanty. or a proclivity to vice, are also influencing agents. Franklin ob-erved "two children could be reared for what it. cost? to support one yicc." The letral obligation to divide, share and share alike, all your property among your children the want of outlets, of a mercantile marine ; the f®w colonies and ihe less taste to reside in them, the barrack mode of life that prevails in the country, are further causes which tell on an increase of the inhabitants. Marshal Macmalion, like King David, commits the sin of numbering the people, as a genera! census has been decreed, and will take place before the close of the year. There is downright satisfaction at the prospect, of peace being made bet ween Servia and the Porte; the continuance of the struggle was followed with a nervous, though a quiet apprehension by Fiance, as if the war became general, Bismarck would be certain to pick a quarrel, and combat the French before they wevo reorganised. But these feelings never influenced the journals in condemning Servia. for her ambition, and Russia, for her connivance. As for the massacres, they never rose to ihe height of a sen- sation in France ; they have been reprobated as they merited, not on one .sidn, but on both ; the difference of degree being on the side of Turkey. It is hoped thai diplomacy will he able to prevent the minnows from disturbing the tritons, for the future. In a few days the Commissioners will publish the plan and i/encral regulations of the Exhibition of 1878 ; already trenches for the foundation of the stincture are excavated and the jxtsoiiihI of ( he various sub-coinmissions have been nominated, all right men in the right place. The Minister of Justice, tak ng pify on a number of young barristers having no work to do—for the supply of lawyers exceeds the demand, has organized a council, who will examine all articles of a legal character, composed by barristers in their leisure moments. The most distinguished Solon can count upon an official appointment. It is the competitive system applied to the magistracy. Many believe that a violation of manners is rather winked at than punished in France. This is a mistake; judge. A. M. ltichepin published a volume of poetry, which was so smu," 'hat he was fined 500 francs and a month's imprisonm-nt, for outraging public decency ; the printer and publisher were aV•'i riunished. But the sentence means also tli, --'tichepin loses official employment, becomes for ever ineligible for such ; he can 'rcise no legal control over his family ; in i'ac- he is morally dead in the eye of the law, and next to civilly extinct, nor can he be rehabilitated. Leymarie, editor of a .Spiritualistic review, was last year condemned to imprisonment, for knowingly abetting the photographist Ruguet—escaped to Belgium—in swindling the weak-minded to accept photographs, presumed to represent departed ancestors, and even the ghosts of loved ones still in the flesh; the Minister of Justice has received petitions, several yards long, signed by Americans and English, praj'ing for Leymarie's release—the former solicit his pardon in the name of the United States. The Insect or Entomological Show in the Tulleries Garden is this year a very great success; objection is taken as to insects being classed "useful and destructive." Locusts are classed among the latter, although in parts of Africa they are a necessary article of food ; in Algeria they are pounded in a mortar an 1 mixed with honey, the form that St. John the Baptist partook of them like the Arabs to-day. In the south of Fiance, the hoplia is purchased by milliners to ornament bonnets ; the blue and silver scales of the insect look very beautiful, and a neckl >ce exhibited seem more than imitation jewellery ; the common May bug is now converted into a splendid Indian ink. and a specimen of a landscape in sepia of that color, is exhibited on the cover of a box containing specimens of this locust of the West. When in the state of grub, the bug from its ravages, is called in France the Turkish worm. Baron Rothschild is a great collector of old curiosities, and ferrets such out in the alums even of Paris. Lately he bargained for a curious coffee-mill, which the vendor swore came from Rothschild's, as despite appear- ances, these people were occasionally hard up just as others ! There are twenty wards in Paris, the police of each ward has its number in Roman letters on their coat-cellar, hence, how to know a ward. Often two and three of the force, from different wards meet, and it is then difficult to decide which is which, hence again why for the future the name plate of every street will exhibit thereon the number of the ward. j A Bulgarian to a Bashi-bazouk—"Will you give tne up some member of ray family?" " Wait a momentand he returned with the arm of the solicitor's brother. A very slender lady to her dressmaker " I want a canicular robe " Certainly, Madame la Comtes^e. but once in it, you will be no longer visible." 