EAST YERSUS WEST BJlUNS. SWICK. . Sir-I was much amused in reading the offusion of your correspondent," John, lMartin," in last week's "Advertiser" on the contemplated expenditure tor 1876, taking an exception to a remark made by '* John Smith" in a former issue as to East Brunswick outlay, in years gone by. Surely " John.Martin" must be a perfect stranger in the borough, or live vory far eastward, or lie would noi6r have rushed into print on this subject. The expres sion-" I hae the ostiniatso for the year 1875-6 before me, &c.;," smells very much of the Council table, or the furni ture of a disappointed alderman, for the general public seem ignorant of what is coming. This much r will say-that if. the Council has determined to give more attention to West Brunswick, it is quite time they did so. I have not the pleasure. of knowing your correspondent, "John Smith," but I am glad to own him as one of the family, and congratulate myself that I have a namesake who understands the borough so well, and seems to know . how things have been going since Bruns wick had self-Government conferred upon it. The most amusing part is -that"' " John Smith" and "John Martin" quite agree, for not a single statement of the foimer is denied, and only tlio ghost of what has been considered at the Council table, in the shape of estimates for 1876, aupears to point the mind of poor Martin. I hope he will have a lamp at his back door during the comiag winter to frighten it away. Now for the facts. Let us have them from the official chamber and see who is right. It is gonerally believed that when the streets were let by contract those onthe east side of the borough had more than double the amount of money spent on them than those on the west, that the metal supplied is about three times more, and in the' matter of the late loan, and Government grant the following is an approximate estimate of the outlay: E t--Park street, Government grant £890 , Victoria stroet, do. .. 00 S-,, Albert atrooel (loan) ... 2775 Glonlyon «troet, do. ." 4000 Edrward atroe2 do. " To l ... .. 8,565 West-lIIopa rect dra and calvert £750 , Albioirstreet west .. .. 350 Total ... ... * 1100 I hafe left out Brunswick Roa.d Contract because itis both East and West,andhave also omitted several other minor matters connected with the loan, such as channel ling, gravelling footpaths, &c.;, but I hllenge " John Martin "to produce the expenditure of the borough for the last 15 years, and if the east side has not received the lion's share, a very wide spread belief to the contrary will bo'removed, and one of the " things not generally known,'- will be brought to light. The leaning cast-.. ward has even affected the main artery of the borough, and the outlay on the Sydney Rosd shows clearly how things have gone. The east sidois allkerbed an channelled, . has the patent footpath from Brunswick Road to Albion street, and is illuminated with ton street lamps, to four on the west. I might extend further, but these items are enough for the present. Fair play is a jewel and that is all I want.-I am yours' &c.;, JonN SMITrT, Junior. \--- -- -- - 