? ADVENTURES OF AN LAISH GIANT. CHAPTER I. Y THB LATE GEKALD GRIFFIN; THIRTY years makes a greater change in the outer aspect of society in our own days than a century used in those of our fathers. There is as wide a difference between what the village of Ballymahon is now, and what it waB 30 years ago, as between London under the maiden rule of Victoria (whom heaven preserve !) and the London which recalled the exiled Stuarts, merely, as it would almost appear, to have the pleasure of once more showing them the outside of the imperial threshold. Thirty years siuco there was not a man, woman, or child in Ballymahon whose eyes had ever been enlightened by the sight of a mail-coach, far less of a steamboat, or a railway train. "Why speak of coaches ? At this period not even had the braying horn of that most atrocious of all vehicles (excepting, perhaps, a Scotch drosky)—we mean the outside jingle—as yet resounded in the primitive streets of Ballymahon. And what streets they were! Much as the people of London may think of themselves and of their city, there were sights to be seen in Ballymahon which one would not find if he were to search the English metropolis through and through, from Brompton to Whitechapel. There was a degree of ingenuity displayed in prevailing on roofs and walls to remain standing, which had for years evinced an anxious inclination to comply with the universal law of gravity, and become reconciled with mother earth, such as one might seek for in vain among the glories of metropolitan architecture. The small dunghills, too, one or more of which graced the portal of almost every cottage in the street, suggested to the mind of the benevolent passenger the pleasing associations connected with blooming gardens and a teeming harvest, and the little verdant pools (which formed a common ornament on either side of the entrance), while they aided the picturesque effect of the coup d'ail, afforded a delightful fund of innocent recreation to the pigs and ducks, who formed no small portion of the surrounding population. Nor was the pavement (if such it might be called) of the street less deserving the attention of the traveller. Gutters and Bewers there were none, but, by a simple contrivance, their absence was compensated for by a number of ruts and hollows, into which the rain flowed from the higher parts of the road, leaving always a sufficient portion dry for the convenience of passengers either on foot or on horseback; while, at the same time, the numerous accidents to wheel-spokes and carriage springs, resulting from the unevenness of the ground, afforded a good deal of employment to the smiths and carpenters of the place, and improved the trade of the village. On a superficial survey, indeed, Ballymahon at this period appeared to be one of the many Irish villages which might, without dispute, enter into the marriage articles of the owls in the Oriental fable, whose young ones had so maDy ruins a-piecefor their dowries. It was not saying much for Nature to assert that she had done more than Art for Ballymahon. The little village, in fact, arose amid a scene of which it constituted the only blemish. Hills of striking and picturesque outline, some wild with heath and crag, some' chequered •with cultivation even to the summit, others dark and luxuriant with the foliage of fir and other hardy children of the forest, formed a landscape, in the midst of which the dirty and smoky hovels of the village made the beholder almost wish that it had remained quite a wilderness, so little the hand of man had added to its beaiity. Two lakes (the staple ornaments of IriBh scenery), which extended on one side of the village, afforded a tolerable supply of roach, perch, and bream to the bait-fishers who dwelt upon their banks ; and the small potato fields and numerous turf ricks which lay convenient, afforded the pleasing conviction that the anglers were not without fuel to cook their fish, and wholesome vegetables to eat with them, as soon as they had them caught. The inhabitants of Ballymahon, as may readily be conjectured, did not abound in wealth either of the purse or of the intellect. Most of them were persons who contrived to eke out a poor subsistence by means in part characteristic of savage, in part of civilized society. They farmed small lots of ground, kept shops in which they sold such petty articles of OBe or. luxury as the neighbourhood required, and fished in the two lakes. There were a few trades people, a shoemaker, a tailor, one or two stone'masons, a carpenter, a smith, &c.;, besides a baker &nd; a butcher, both of whom' subsisted altogether on the custom of .the . priest, he doctor, and the . Protestant, urate, almost the only three inividuals in the place from whose habits t could be demonstrated that the human pecies belonged to animals of the carivorous kind. A penny-a-week hedge chool formed the only medium in allymahon through which the wisom of the past and the present hed its light on the intellects of the ising generation. Few and meagre wece he channels of communication which onnected Ballymahon with the great world to which it appertained ; and the oar of party contest, however loudly it ay resound on the highways of society, died away in these remote retreats with a faint and expiring echo. Indeed, if one were to judge by the favourite opinions of our own day, a very culpable degree of apathy prevailed at this time in Ballymahon, on questions affecting, on the most vital points, the highest welfare of our race. The '' minister," as the curate or rector of the Established Church* was called, (in contradistinction to the Catholic "-priest,") betrayed such a degree of lethargic indifference, as even to accommodate the latter functionary with a loan of the county journal, in the government interest, in return for the popular newspaper to which the latter subscribed. Nay, so far had mistaken ideas of social charity obliterated the lines of distinction which should ever separate truth from error, that both these personages were frequently seen to walk, ride, and dine together, but to converse on general subjects in an indifferent, if not friendly, manner. What was very singular, and showed in the clearest light the strong, natural genius of the inhabitants of Ballymahon, was the notorious fact, that with such scanty sources of intelligence, the politicians who were in the habit of meeting at the principle house of " entertainment " in the village, distinguised by the sign of " the Boy and Barrel," made aa long and vehement speeches about the "balance of power," and seemed as familiar with all the private views of the Emperor of Rusia, as those who sat by the very well-heads of political knowledge; nay, probably knew a great deal more of his secret deaigus, than did that humane and merciful potentate himself. It was about the period to which we are so frequently referred, (it is not neessary to state more exactly the date of he occurrence,) on a moonlight autumn idnight, that the heavy tramp of a horse as heard approaching the village of allymahon at a rapid trot. The night as so still and serene, that every footfall as distinctly audible at the distance of t least a quarter of a mile. The animal rom whom these sounds proceeded was a ough, ungroomed farmers working horse, idden by a little frieze-coated urchin,in a road-brimmed rustic straw hat, and withut either saddle or bridle ; his only mode f directing the motions of his steed conisting of a halter made of hay rope, from hich he seemed to hang backward with ll his weight, as the huge beast proeeded at full sling trot along the road. eing as blind as Milton, the thoughtful uadruped trotted very high in order to void the danger of stumbling against ny obstacles which chance might cast in is way. This peculiarity of gait, conidering that his bones had nothing to spare in the way of covering, did not seem to add much to the rider's comfort ; for he was continually shifting his positionjas far back on the animal's ridge spine as he could conveniently maintain his seat, ejaculating from time to time, in the broadest provincial brogue :— '' Aisy, now!—pthewe—h—h—quiet agin !—never welcome yourself and the docthor, an' ould Goggin and his wife together." Between the discomfort arising from his uneasy position, and his fears lest some wandering ghost should lay hold of him from behind, neither the mind nor body of the rustic courier were sufficiently at ease to allow him to derive any satis faetion from the beauty of the scene, and of the hour, whose tranquil lovliness, under other circumstances, could not fail to exert an influence even on the most boorish intellect. The rich autumnal landscape Blept almoBt without sound or motion in the melancholy light; the variously-tinted fields of tillage contrasted at intervals with the dark plantations that rose on the neighbouring hills, between which were visible occasional glimpses of the broad river, on the surface of which some of the small local craft were seen at anchor, or a few merchant-men, with sails idly expanded in the dead calm, lay drifting with the tide. On reaching the village, the young wayfarer, who seemed sufficiently intimate with the localities, proceeded down the street at the same full trot, until he arrived at a dwelling, the' exterior of which laid nearer claimB to gentility than most of the buildings in its immediate neighbourhood. It was a neat looking, * This tale was written before the Irish Church was disestablished in Ireland. ' • , . Editor Advocate, lated house, boasting the dignity of a uite of rooms up stairs, with a parapet and green wooden railing in front, enclosng a small plot of ground set apart for flowering shrubs. Two small gateways, a few yards separate, offered entrance to this enclosure from the street,cne leading to the hall-door, the other to a kind of shop, having a little board nailed over the door, on which were painted the words:—"DISPENSARY.—HOURS OF AT- TENDANCE 9 TO 11." Tying his horse to the railing, the peasant entered the gate first described, and laying hold of the knocker, made such use of u asset, all the dogs in the village barking, including those of the doctor's household. Notwithstanding all this din, it was not until the summons had been repeated more than once, with increasing vehemence, that the surly voice of the doctor's "boy" (as they called his servant of all -work, an able-bodied fellow near six feet high, and forty years of age,) was heard endeavouring to make itself distinct amid the canine clamour : " Down, Boerhave ! Galen, you cur, will you be quiet 1 Who's there ?" "Will you open the doore, av you r " What's your business ?'' "Is the docthor at home ?" " Who is it wants him ?" Would you ax him, av you plaza, would he come over to the cross to see a woman in labour !" " Who is she ? What hour is this for her to be sendin' 1" "Erra, don't you know Goggin the arpenter's wife ? Himself an' herself were both out at Bill Neal's berrin' toay morning, and she had hardly the first ite out of the pratie at supper, afther hey comin' home, when she bawled out, and was obleest to be put to bed directly. Myself thought it was somebody sthruck her. The heavens bless you, an' hurry im out; for I don't say he'll ever overtake her. The neighbours don't know what to make of it. I never hear' such screechin' an' roarin' since I was born myself. You'd think the house was coming down ; and the people says it must be a wondherful child surely afther all thai uproar, and that it must cut a great figure in the world, an' to cause such murther comin' into it. Myself don't know what to say to it." " Well, where's the money V was the ext query from within. " I'd have no usiness whatever facin' the docthor withut it, an' he asleep in bed, afther bein' ut visitin' all day." "'Tis a bit of a visitin'ticket I have rom Misther Dickson." " I never seetl ye otherwise," exclaimed he "docthor's boy," in an indignant one ; " ye'd find money for the whiskey n' ye wouldn't find it to pay for ye'r edicine. Give it in to me. I don't say e'll go with you at all. 'Twas a black ay that either himself or myself ever ettled down among ye, in a hole of a lace where there isn't a dozen in the arish that's able to aim their daily hysic." "Sure, 'tis no business of mine," re liod the courier ; "we have no call whatomever to 'em, any more than they bein' eighbours, an' my father to send me ver. My hand to you, 'tis little fancy myself had for passin' the ould church over at this time o' night." Without at all intending to insinuate that the poor of Ballymahon were badly provided for in the way of medical attendance, it would, perhaps, be pardonable to assert that there was some little room for improvement. The life of a dispensary doctor in Ireland, at this period, was one which varied between tne extremes of ease or toil, according to the circumstances under which it had been assumed. If the luckless practitioner were one who had obtained the dignity solely oil his professional merits, and were more intent on discharging them honestly than on making himself personally acceptable at the tables of his neighbours, deplorable, indeed, was his condition. Midnight visits amid bogs and mountains, ingratitude and insolence from young and old, frequent complaints from patients and subscribers, continual brawling with committees at quarterly meetings, rigid inspection of the books; and, to crown the whole, a pinched and starving economy in the regulation of the revenues, formed the main burden of his annoyances. But it occurred in many instances (that of Ballymahon not exoepted) that the advantage of the poor was but the secondary consideration with the founders of the institution, the primary one being that of providing a suitable competency for a young member of some influential family in the neighbourhood, whose lack of the paternal acres had driven him to look for consolation in the walks of medicine. When these were the circumstances under which the disciple of Hippocrates entered on his office, his situation was by no means attended by the same inconveniences. Such was the case in the instance of the aristocratic arid fiery Doctor Vanderkyst. - (To be continued.) -. ' 