PONDERABLE GHOSTS. [From the Pall Mall Gazette, of November 12.] The mild and very diluted twaddle which forms the staple of the French spiritist doctrine is likely to meet with formidable competition in the recent } visible as to exhaust the power obtained from the medium, she collapsed ; sinking down into the floor till her head only was visible, which finally dissolved and disap peared. After a little time, however, she came out from the cabinet as if nothing had occurred. Her chief occupation ap pears to be making shawls out of nothing, to which, however, they unfortunately return. Indian chiefs and squaws, how ever inexplicable may be their appearance or conduct, are not the chief attraction to Chittenden. What draws to this re mote spot a gathering of more people than the Eddy family can by any means •* -commodate is the belief that the departed personal friends and relatives of the visi tants readily take the occasion to com municate with those they have left be hind. Husbands, wives, mothers, chil dren, step out from the little cabinet on to the dimly lighted stage, stretch forth their arms to their astonished survivors, and convene with them with more or lets freedom. oone~ times their visitors are those whom the expectant most desires to see. At other times some strange and whimsical form, connected with some bygone chapter of biography, emerges from the gloom. . Thus a Russian lady, who is hinted at is an accomplished mistress of hidden knowledge, was the occasion of the appearance on Mr. Eddy's platform of a foil-dressed Kurdish wamor, with a plumed spear 12 feet long, and a three parts naked African magjtnanj with a head-dress garnished with four enormous horns. Several hundred difibreni ifnper sonations are vouched for by Mr. Oloott. He tells as that the light in the room was so low as to prevent distinct observation of the features of the spectral guests, but that their forms and outlines were readily distinguishable. Personal re cognition, however, was constant betwen relations and those whom they had lost. The voices sounded full and natural, and every circumstance, except that of -ttiu. dimness of the light, is rtflrnpiwitftfl afcl.. satisfactory. As to that, as we have umft' an improvement was promised, which trjf this time must either have been verified or falsified. ' Not having visited Chittenden, aad not being absolutely oertain whether tha hamlet may not itself- be a spectral illusion, we are not prepared to enter I into the various theories propounded fay Mr. Olcott and [his feHaw-feeKevta*. One thing, however, is dear. IBther&e; book is a farrago of monstrous lie*, of anything like vulgar human tu&fstT-; Is out of the question. The general fdaa conveyed by the witer, and indeed; very commonly held by spmtualkts, ji< some atmospLer∨ f Tmaiatifh jttofitifHiijfc from persons known as mecUumslonnf a sort of nucleus or nasoent flmhoffiaiasjt., which can be grasped by disembodied spirits, who can thus, in a feirseotmdtt, form around themselves > impptjrj body resembling, in all tut its ersneshent quality, that permanent body wldch under ordinary ?irotunstances is tfce growth of 15 or 20 years, fonnedjfrotn water, carbonic acid, And vaunoma, wita faint traces of other chemical dements. The medium is supposed to be passive in the operation, although bis physical energies are exhausted by the pabulum which they furnish to the ghosts. But, in another case, that of Mrs. Elisabeth 3. Oompton, of Havanna, Schuyler Gkranly, New York, Mr. Oloott tells us that the medium is actually transfigured.* Bound to a chair in a* dark cabinet, and further secured to the chair by the original contrivance of a thread passed through the holes pierced for earrings, and sealed to the back of a chair, this magical personage disappears from' the cabinet while a ghost is on the stage, btit" Is found, as secured, after the apparition has retreated. U ti&ghofE; stare seized by some Violent investigator, H issanl - that it would instantly resolve -itself into the personality of Airs. Comp ton, hut that the shock might be at the risk of life/: It is ob vious that that theory possesses great elasticity and convenience. It is perhaps t hardly yet in a state for public discostdon. A piece of white tissue cut from the robe of one of the youthful and graceful remnants who do duty, turn and'turn* abo*ut, with Mrs. Compton, was found exactly to fit a hole in that lady's black -stuff gown. It is not explained why {he bit cut out did not revert to its ?igh??l condition at the same time as the xest of the garment. Perhaps Mr. Olcott's book would have done better if the attempted defence of Katie King and the new phenomena of Ma. Ckunpton had been deferred till the public taste-had been educated up to the level of these inde scribable wonders. utterances from the original cradle ?l the new belief. We wish to state with the utmost explicitness with reference to the most curious work which we propose to introduce to our readers ("People from the Other World," by Henry S. Olcott), that we entirely decline the function of godfather, whether to bring Mr. Olcott to the gallows or to the font. The ordi nary means by which it is possible to test the bona fides of an English book are ab sent in this case. We possess neither the topographical, the personal, nor the literary acquaintance with the places, ; names, and works cited that are requisite I in order to form an opinion of their weight. Even the ordinary amount of reliance that may be placed on the character of a publisher is eliminated in the case of the work in question by a notice that it it is not sold, at the book stores, but that an agent will call on intending purchasers. As to the internal evidence apart from the main point of the credibility of the state ments per se, the education and literary ability of the writer are of a very low order, judged from our standpoint in this country. How far this defect may be personal, or have a wider range, it is not for us to say. The net result of the im pression left by mere turnover perusal of the book is, that a man with no intention to deceive but no objection to raise a sensation, is struggling with a new set of phenomena that are too much for him. But then this is the very impression that a skilled literary artist would wish to produce if he wrought after the manner of De Foe. We, therefore, bring forward Mr. Olcott to speak for himself, without intending to hint a single word either for or again?t hi* credibility. Having said thus much, it will be unnecessary to add those usual safeguards as to each assertion that would otherwise be requisite. Zephaniah Eddy, a farmer living at Weston, Vt., married one Julia Ann Macombs,a girl of Scotch descent, who was born in the same town. Mrs. Eddy inherited frem her mother the gift known in Scotland as second sight; and not only had previsions of future events, but was able to see, and to. converse with, forms invisible to other 'persons. Her mother before her possessed the same faculties in some degree ; and her great groat-great-grandmother was actually sen tenced to death as a witch at Salem, in 1692, although she escaped from gaol and took refuge in Scotland. Z. Eddy took up his abode at the present residence of bis children, at Chittenden, Rutland, in 1846\. On the birth of the first child the abnormal phenomena attending on Julia Ann Eddy became quite'uncontrollable. As the family increased, strange sounds filled the house, and the infante were often lifted from their beds and floated about the room by invisible agency. Neigh bors, whose names are given, were called in to exorcise the haunting spirits "b; prayer, but without success. Blows and ill-usage, freely bestowed on mother and children, were equally inefficacious. When the children grew old enough to go to school, they were soon 'expelled, in con sequence of the rap* heard on the desks ana benches. After public attention had been called to the Rochester knocking? in 1847, Z. Eddy attempted to turn the curse on his family to his personal advan tage by hiring three or four of his children to a showman. They were thus taken, to nearly all the principal cities of the United States, and "fora brief season" to London, experiencing much ill-usage by the way. Z. Eddy died in 1860; his wife died in 1873. In the December of that year a room was added to the farmhouse at Chittenden for the purpose ef accom modating the visitors who thronged to attend the seances given by Horatio and William Eddy, the occupants of the farm. On the Ist of June, 1874, this room was opened. On this occasion the mate rialised spirits of Mrs. Eddy; Mrs. Eaton, an old lady-from New Tork State ; Mrs. Wheeler, late of Utica ; Dr. Horton, also late of Utica, who brought his two infant children and addressed his widow, who was present, uttered addresses and prayers. Since that time a dark circle for materialization has been held every evening, Sundays excepted. The date of the publication of this account is January, 1875; and the book contains the promise, made by the spirits, that from the 19th of September in the same year the manifestations, which are de scribed as being made in a low dim light, should take place in full daylight. Mr. Olcott declares that he carefully examined not only the exhibition-room, with its low platform, and the little closet behind it, in which William Eddy sat during the performance, but the rooms below, the roof above, and the who]p of the apartment. He says that it was impossible for con federates to enter in any surreptitious manner, or for any masks, garments, dis guises, or theatrical properties to be in troduced unawares. A shawl was hung across the small doorway leading from the platform to the closet. Mr. Eddy was accustomed to enter the closet, to sit down on the chair which formed its only furniture, and apparently to sink into a profound sleep. Lively tunes were played by some of the persons present on a "parlor organ" and other instruments, and then the materialised spirits issued from the cabinet and walked about the stage, addressing the audience, and con ducting themselves, with one or two re markable exceptions, much as any ordinary human beings would do under similar circumstances. The part of the story which, if the book be not altogether a skit, will attract the most intense curiosity is this. Not only do the family ghosts of Mr. Eddy and others continually appear and address ponderous exhortations to the visitors, but the ancient genii loci take advantage of the facilities afforded them for revisit ing the glimpses of the moon. Gigantic Bed Indian warriors stalk over the stage; and among many Indian squaws who also appear, one named Honto is a very con stant visitant. She dances and romps over the platform, she smoked a real pipe presented by a visitor, she stepped on a wffigh'^g-iTuch'Tifl, cud allowed herself to be weighed. On more than one oooanon, however, whan she had been so long A Bidi fob Lira —We have received several replies to the query pot by a oorrespondent as to the year inwMeh Mr. Iliffe rode from Mel bontne to Geelouf, and arrived jostdn time to save a man's life. Borne give it m during the early part of 185S; it certainly was in that year, bat not daring the early part of it. The man who wu reprieved id Tohn Goldman, who was not sentenced to death untD the 26th July, 1853, the aentenoe being commuted te fifteen yean* hard labor, the finrt tone nan in irons. In connection with the tide it maybe mentioned that at about 4 oVUeek on theater noon of the day preceding that on which the dread sentence of the law was to be caxrSediato effect, the gentlemen who -were taking an in tereatinthe matter wenttoGibaonVaWilea and atked tor a messenger to ride to Melhonim. Mr. John Mon^omery bad mountad '?> hone, and waa ready to start on the journey, bat when he heard a worts 3Uo depended upon his baing bade feefore 8 o'olook the next morning, he dec?ned tb? re* apoudblllty, as he was a new chum at the time, and by a* means ?ertain he would be able to find his way with desirable promptness. The aw noes of Mr. lUffe, oouhattrer, were Uwwiwii called In, and he at once made a atari, and several times daring the journey It waetouoh aad go whether he would fee back again in time. Se missed the ford at the UtOeJUver, neatly got drowned. Subsequently he managed to procure % fresh hone at the river Bx? (now oalled the Wenibee), ardred late atn^ghtin Melbourne, got the reprieve signed, and at once started on his homeward journey. At West Geelong his hnee knocked up, deal beat, and Mr. Iliffe*s anxiety was most intense. He manased, heweTer, to reach the gaol just as the man was on the drop, and thus Us effort was no wned with suoeess. Half a minute later and the reprieve order could Hot have been obeyed. Since Oe&bave; vas wrtttenMr. George Adams has eaUat In and inf armed as that the name of the man who rede to Mel beanie was Alexander Balsy; and In oinei gns?W ef the nw inssiMss of the late Cna^sia cjaus. wub vm avesu wbj oaaraE, aweoemy e?ourrad a hanging o<dimara?d this watV^ means el saringWWe.-Oerio^ 4#?r?wr. 