LIFE INSURANCE. You are the father of a family, and you have the prospect of leaving at death a property insufficient for the support , of those whom you luve. A friend, pointing out a substan tially well-located and valuable house, perhaps asks, 'Would you care to bequeath yonder house to your children f ' ' Certainly,' you would answer, ' if I were in a situa tion to nav for it!' ' Suppose it could be arranged so that you should not be asked to pay the purchase-money, but only the interest ; an annual interest, prot onioned to' your present age— Bay 2J per cent, if you are 'thirty years old; 3 per cent, if thirty five; 3J if forty; Hit you have reached fifty; 7J if you are a sexagenarian?' ' I could, of course, meet these conditions by a little self denial, but there would be the shadow of a coming time when either myself or my children must pay the capi tal.' ' Never, neither you nor they ! ' c: But what if I should die suddenly ?' 'Your deM would die with you; and your children would become the owners without having anything to paw' ' Even if I should have made only three or four annual payments?' ' Yes, even if you had paid but one. If an accident should happen to you the day after signing the contract, that contract would exist in full effect.' ' And, supposing I lived a long while, as I have every reason to hope I shall ?' ' You will never live long enough, to regret having made a bad bargain ; for a time will come when, in place of con tinuing to make payments of interest, you will, on the con trary, be in receipt of money.' 'I would like to make an arrangement like this, but it all appears too good to be true.' ' Nothing could be more rational ; only in place of a house, which, however well constructed, would be exposed to depreciation in value, suppose my statement to apply to a capital of a few thousand pounds, according to the amount of the annual interest you are willing thus to oon seorate to the constituting of a heritage.' Such is the mechanism of life insurance, applicable alike to the lowest and to the highest positions in social life. Of a thousand houses, well or poorly built, how many will, on an average, escape destruction by fire P Nine hundred and fifty at least. Of a thousand men, of average robustness, how many may expect to escape death f Not one. Why, then, insure your house and not your life, which is infinitely more precious, and vastly more exposed. Russian Pkovebbs.— When Peter the Great ordered his subjects to Bhave, these conservative Nonconformists besought him to cut off their heads rather than their beards, and ' not to destroy Christ's likeness.' From the penalty then exacted from them arose the saying, ' Without a rouble thou canst not let thy beard grow.' Among ordinary mortals two conflicting proverbs are current. As the moujik is always bearded, he says : 'A beard is honourable, but even a cat has moustaches ;' to which a Zapadnih, or Western, may reply, ' Moustaches for he nour, but even a goat has a beard.' While alluding to the schismatics we may mention that, according to them, ' Tea, coffee, tobacco, and potatoes hive been cursed by seven General Councils ;' that ,' He that smokes tobacco drives out of himself the Holy Ghost ;' that ' Who drinks coffee, him shall thunder slay ;' and that ' He who drinks tea must not hope for salvation.' With respect to tbe latter beverage, a more poetic saying laments the fact that 'Into Russia has flown a Chinese dart, and fixed itself in the peasant's heart.' More consolatory than these statements is the schismatic's opinion, that ' In the other world every pock-mark will become a pearl.' Similarly conservative, but conceived in a rational spirit, are the moujik1 b opinions with regard to the deference due to age, the respect to be conceded to parents: ' Even in the Horde are old folks revered' is a time-honoured adage ; and a sad picture of unrespected age is suggested by the statement that ' The devil is old, yet he has no birthday' — or rather no name-diy, for the Russians honour not the anniversary of a friend's birth, but the day of the saint whose name he beats. As a general rule, age and wisdom go together, tnd a gray beard'sadvice commands respect, for 'An old crow croaks not for nothing.' Sometimes, however, a man becomes vicious in advanced life, and of him folks say, ' There's gray in his beard and the devil in his ribs.' As regards the treatment of a wife by her husband prorarbs differ. ' Love your wife like your soul, and beat her like your shuba'! (overcoat of furs), says one of a stern class, to which another responds in the same spirit, ' Not long hurt the bumps from a loved one's thumps.' Wives have undoubtedly been subjected to much ill-treatment in Russia, where many husbands have always been of the opinion that ' He who gives his wife liberty robs himself;' or 'Liberty spoils a good wife.' Some proverbs are cynical as to the advantages of matrimony. If ' The bachelor cries ' Oh, Oh ! ' the manied man cries 'Ai, Ai!'' and those who 'Wed once wail always.' Nor can the marriage-yoke be got rid of, how ever much it .may gall. 'A wife is not a guitar; when yeur plaj ing is'done, you can't hang her up on the wall ; ' nor is she ' A saddle which a man can fling off bis back.' One of the biief dramatic proverbs tells a mournful tale. ' Why so blithe ? ' '— « I'm going to be married.' ' Why hangs your head ? ' — ' I've got manied.' But this is one of the skits on women f itniliar to all lands. More compli mentary to the married state are such remarks as, ' God help the bachelor! the housewife helps a husband ;' 'The master is the head of the house, the mistress its soul; ' or the statements that ' The cuckoo complains because »h« has no nest,'' and ' It's a bore to go alone even to get drowned ; ' or this recommendation : ' A good wife and rich, oabbage soap ; other good things seek not ! ' — Quarterly Sevietv. It was a widowed miser who, after composing a long epitaph for his wife, suppressed it altogether, and said: 'It's too expensive; puton the gravestone a few tears.' ' Very well,' replied the artist, « Bay three tears, like this— ! ! !' ' Heavens, no ! Three tears when I have only two eyes? Absurd. Two will be plenty.' Over 300,100 Englishmen were arrested last year for being d nk. Truly England is 'a tight little island.' 