IMS. JIB 'SKETCHES. ' A VERY WOMAN.* EY M. F.'O'MitiEr. -'; Chapter X. . She ia a Gipsy-woman, and she has Ihcwild and wizard beauty of her race. Longfellow. Heidelberg ! The cam o thrills one. At this very sunset hour how well ono can picturo tho dear, romantic, beautiful old town ! The sun is flaming on tho red stone massive towers of tho castle. Behind are the dark, forest-clad hills, a rale, crescent moon risinc abovo them. Tka western sky and the waters vi the Necfcar flame ?' with crimson and gold. In tho town tho good citizens stand at tbeir shop doors; tho women knit; the men smote. A band is playing; parties of students go by, with much loud laugh ing and jesting. Twilight falls ; tho lights twinkle out, arid aro reflected ia tho river. A boat glides by; from it comes aoftly over the water tho sound of a-volkslicd— O Hcidolbcrc, O Hciileibcrg, Du V/uudeischonc Staut ! It was now tho month of August, ind Angela had been four or five weeks in' Hcidolbcrg, and had quite settled tlowir to- tho ways of the Pro- ? : fessor's qniet household. It wa9 a simple happy life. Every morning Angel crossed tho bridge, ' . (the Professor lived on'tbe right hand side of tho river), on her way to early JIa-s. Tho day passed in helping Fraulcin Marca in her housekeeping, ' and in reading, working, and writing' her letters ; to Harry, under the linden trees of tho garden. Iu the afternoon the Fraulein always took her knitting' up to 'the castle grounds, and she and Angel would sit in the' abado there and listen to , the band, and chat with a dozen acquaintances. Then in the ovehing- Angel liked to listen to tho : talk of tho Profeesor and hia learned'friends, aa they satin the- garden and smoked and drank ; their beer or coffee j or else there would be so'mo concert or opera ? to attend,, or, perhaps, Angel' ?? would sit alono in 'the window of her little room'/' and watch 'the moonlight shining silver on the' Necka,r, the orange refiectioris^o£ tho lamps in the water, the' town on tho opposite''. bank, with ita many lights tWinkling inth'e distance, and, up a&ove; all, the- mighty 'luin and thor dark' curvesof the wooded hills. The caatlo took 'a strong hold of AngeTs imagination.' She dreamed of tho days when the ' Queen of Hcarta' lived 'there, and wovo a dozen fanciful romances' in 'her' 1 brain till every ndok'and corner of tho old build ing bad its story to her. Ono day Fraulein Marta had gone. to Fi-aukfort to seo a married sisten The Professor' was at the University, and Angel, left alone/determined to spend the morning' at her beloved' castle.' li was a hot day, and by tho time she had elihibed tho hill' showas-verjr tired. However, she bad plenty of tirao beforo'her in which to rest, and having in bcr ^pockotfood both for body and mind; in tho shape 'of a , ''lutter-lroil,' anil a volume of Uhland's jpoetns,. she felt quito independent, and ?ready'to'stay'all day in the gardens and woods. She went into the Winter Garden, and climbing a little way into tho wood abovo it, sat, down on tbegrqunil to rest in such a position that, although ' she was close to; the* garden, sho was horsolf un-, seen. 'It was deliriously eool,; under tbo shadoof ' the beech trees ; tho wind riiatfe-2 softly iq the leaves '; ihb air was full of warm scents f Ange) settled herself comfortably in her mossy nest, and rested her head against ono, of tnd twisted rootsof the gnarled old trees. The wind played softly with hcrhair,blowing tho liUlo curia from her forehead, her oyeslbokodiup- into tho depths of ' greenery abovo ; then gradualfy her eyelids droopefl, iho strand of the wind oecameia distant; . nnumur-^ Angela waa' asleep^. ? ' ' . Some hours, passed before sho woke, and then it' was to tho sound of d man's volco tomewhero ; close by/ reading or reciting vcrscsin tdneafuH of strength and sweetneBs. Angola scarcely knew 1 whether siio were yet awake, but enchainctl by the music of tlio. ihy thni, and' tho deep mijlody ol the voice, listened dreamily. ''' ?? liVc Bhall become the eamc ; we shall bo ono i Spirit within: two frames; ol), wherefore two? GuopaSiipn in twin hea«ta. . ?. ... Olio hope within two wills, one will beneath ' Tivo ovcrohaduwin~ minds ; one life, bnri death, ' i One IJcavcni one IJoU, otrs iciinoruJity, ?? And cucajiiiiiiilation.' . Angola accrued to bo listening to a revelation, from Heaven. This, {ben, was love ;— a very '? diffcreat feeling to the calm affectioa sho felt for , sPutU-.heU by special arrangcincnt with, tho autiwc A1J /ij[hU retervoU. ....;?-.? .*. ^ Harry. Liko a suflden inspiration it flashed ticroEohcr that sho ha-3 given up her birthrigllt forarjQcj!s of potlago, that she had it in her to lovOjijut r.9 yet had never known' what trtio lovo wA8. This fouling was scarcely a thought, it ^vas :too vague, it did as jet but stir in embryo ; but ?from that moment ail tho dim donbts and fears ?that bad-movcU Angel's mind found a shape and a name. ? Vtath tlio'ccssation of the voice that repeated those marveiloua lines, Angel returned to con .seiqusnesa of actual life, and spripging to her ieet, saw that .tho orcner of tho voice 'was a dark, ihandsomoman, iitting on tho ruslio seat imme diatcJy bclov; her, and who, from tho book in his .hand, had evidently been reading to his com panion, a pretty fair girl. Although not ten paces from Angela tboy had not suspected her presence ; for in her alcoping posturo sho had been quito invisiblo and motionless. Uow, as sho moved, tho crackling of tbo branches startled them, and:Viviau Vane, for ho m the reader of tho poetry, saw a lovely vision framed in a setting of foliage. There Btood Angela in her white ?morning dress, tho sunlight flickering through tho tree3 on tho rich luxuriance of hor brown hair, one long tress of which had escaped from Its bands, aud fell down: far below her waist. Her tall figuro looked dignified enough as she stood there, holding her head erect with her usual queenly grace of bearing ; but there was some thing very youthful and innocent in tho wonder ing look of tho dark eyes, in the soft red Iip3 and the delicate bloom of tho cheeks. Tho .color flushed deeper thcio aa sho caught tho look of surprised admiralipn in the handsome stranger's black eyes,; and y;jth.a alight .bow, and a I '«'??, zeihe ?jitV,-Apgela disappeared hurriedly into tho ;wood. | ? ?? y.ivlan Vanow'uld have given worlds to follow her, but as ho was in tho midat o.f;an animated ;fliitation with ajoung American lady whom ho had met at the,1 Adler Hotel,, he could not treat his companion ko cavalierly' as to rush away in pursuit of an unknown . pretty face, and ho was :obliged to swallow his impatience as best he might. The day before ho had scon Angela at Mass in tbo Church of tho Holy Ghost, and had been, struck -bj. her exceeding beauty and tho spirituality of jher expression. Now tbo seemed to appear to him as the embodiment of tho ideal lovo ho badi dreamed of -as. bo read Shelley's lines, and he- registered. a mental vow that he. would not kjlve Heidelberg till ho had found out who showasj Angela wjut on into tho beeebwood, following one of tho tii y paths that climbed the hill, until after many, twistinga and turnings she found herself deep in tho heart of the forest.* It-was very lovely (here, tho smooth grey trunks of the trees were fiko tho pillars of some cathedral aisle, underfoot grew tail bracken mingled with clumps of briar anditwkted wreaths of honeysuckle. Tho sunbeams pero tangled above in the layers of foliage, ana down below there waB a cool green shade. Arjjela walked on, gathering wild pinks, blue-bells, dad campanulas, thinking of the poetry she had listened to, aud curiously haunted too by the eyes ol that black-moustacbed man. Who was he 1 shewondered. Was that pretty girl- his sister, or hii lady-love, or his wife? Then Angela sat down onjllie moss and fern, and, beginning to find out that sho was hungry, took out her roll of bread, and Sate her simple luncheon. Tho. day was farther advanced lhau she iuiagiued, for she had slept for some hours, and time had also passed quickly while she was gathering her wild flowers and! dreaming about tho poetry. Now, with tho dtcline bf 'the ' afternoon, tho weather changed ami grew heavy .and oppressive, the shade of thetrees became darker/and to Angela's ' dismay there was a far-off rumbling liko : the sound of distant thunder. She had been reading UhlandV ' Sckwarzo Itittev,' and at first felt with a shudder ha if the growing .gloom' of the' forest were a reflection from the sombre weird poem ; but in another moment Angel saw that a real tangiblo storm was coming, and fehat she' must make haste and find shelter if she' would' escape- a welting. Sho hastily retraced her steps down tho little path,' whilff meantime heavy' drops of rain had begun to patter on the roof of leaves abovo her head. On a sudden there came a blinding flash of lightning, almost immediately followed by a crash of thunder, and : the' rain poured/down on the leaves with a heavy monotonous sound. As yet' it wasdry underneath, but soon the wet leaves wco!d'no longer bo 'much shelter, and besides/ ?sas not the lightning dangerous 'under thes'o tall' ' trees ? Angela felt somewhat frightened,- and she was still more alarmed when tho path after many twistings began to ascend the' hill again. She must have taken- the wrong turning. Tbe'ro was no help for it but to go back again, and she began to do so, while the rain, now forcing ita' way through tho trees/made her thin dress cling : to her ucck 'arid' arms, and the rumbling thunder and (icrco glare of tho lightning confused mid terrified her. At this moment, there appeared ?round the turn of the littlo path a porson'so strango and weird-looking that she might have been the genius of the storm. A tall, dark, old woman, with a red and yellow handkerchief twisted round her head, beneath which showed 'plaits of grey hair. Sho wore long gold ear 'rings, and was altogether fantastically dressed, l White and gleaming teeth, and piercing Wack !ejes, liglitid tip her swarthy wrinkled : face. .Somehow, the'strange apparition seemed vaguely 1 familiar, to Angel, and it was a relief 'to' see a ; human being. '?' Can you tell me where I can find shelter from the storm, mother ':' she said. To her unbounded surprise the old woman re plied by throwing herself on her knees and kisa ing the girl's hands and the skirt of her dress, 'amidst passionate sobs and broken exclamations.' J For one moment Angel thought she had met With a madwoman, the next, a sudden light flashed : acrc-33 her, and i din exclaimed— ! ' You arc Zclda, my mother's foster-mother !' i ' Bho'kriows me,' Euid the old woman raptur ously. 'Stars of light, T thank thco !' lint fool: that lam to- chatter hero, 'when' tbo rain is ? wetting thec to tho skin, rny darling. Come with jmo.'' Sho tcckAni'cl's hand, and led her rapidly 'up the path till tlcy camotoaarnall hut, scarcely ^larger than a dog-kennel, and, probably, tho ire ifugo of eomo charcoal-burner. Here they eat ?down on a heap of mcas, Angel glad enough $of ' Ih'o rest anri'&bclier;/tifatVof tbo 'protection o*f hdr i mother's bWgipfy nurso. '-'14 wbulil b'avo niruloa curioua study for a painter :tho datk- hut only lighted by an o«a^ioual lurid flask cf- lightning,' tho beautiful gir), and tho wilch-liko eld woman kneeling beforo her, and lavishing on her caresses and worJs of cnuc.irmcnt. ' How did jou como to know mo, mother '?' asked 'Angel ; ' yon have not seen mo sinco I was a liny child.' 'Know, yon,' repeated Zelda, ' when your walk, your eyes, tbo very way yea hold your head, like tho loading stag of tho herd, ia j'our mother again, as the waa when sho lived with old Zslda in Vienna. You aro fairer tban bho -was, ruoro beautiful, perhaps. I can sco . your Saxon father in you; but you aro my darling, como to mo again. Ob, never shall I for get how, r.l'tcr singing— einginp, till thousands hung on every breath, and v.-hep tho ceased, tho shouting was as tbo winter storm roaring through tho pino forest, aud llowcrs and jewels fell at her icot, as palter down tho dead branches, then abo would cotuo homo to. me, atd lay her sweet head on my bosom, and sleep aa innocently aa aho had done when a tiny babe.' 'Why did you over leave- her!' said Angel, who had listened to all tho old woman said with eager attention, 'Why? An, ir.y dove, tho Eoroany dies in .the closo prisoned air of -towns and houses. I pined for tho forests again ; for freedom and tho starlight around me. For years I hnd languished away from my pooplo for tho sake of my darling, but, when she Lad a husband to love and protect her, then I said good-bye. I heard where sho ?was ; many times I camo to seo her and her child*; and then sho died, and my life seemed bound up in hers. I lay for dead too. For months tho dark shadow was on me, and Uien I aroso and sousH to find her child, hut your father had left Flcrenoc, and no ono knew whero ho had goue. I could never hear again of you. Onco a Romany told too ho had scon your father hero in Heidelberg. Straight I camo hero ; but it was too late, he bad gene. Ever since, I havo wandered from country to country seeking you, and now I have seen you again ere I die.' Zelda spoko rapidly in a voice broken by sobs, and her German, with its foreign accent, and mingled with unknown words, waa 'difficult to : follow, but it seemed a voice out of tho past to Angel, and brought ba.-k so vividly tbo remem brance of herself as a Httlo child between two lovirjg parents whom aho v.uuld never seo again, : that, half choked with tho nisb of memory and sorrow, sho laid Lev head on tbo old woman's bosom and burst into a passion of tears. i ' There,, there,' said Zclda tenderly, 'they aro with the saints, my darling. Do not weep, or how can they bo happy in Heaven, if their, whito robes arc wet with your tears.' A tremendous crash of thunder interrupted iher, and the girl pressed closer to the gipsy's , side, tho old and young wcrcan bolli silont, lis tening to tbo storm as it honied through tho forest. From tiino to timo Anjjel shivered, slightly to ZeMa's great distress. ' ' You are cold, my darling, you tiro wet, you are tired,' sho said. ' If I had only met you : beforo tho storm camo on !' 'Did yon know then. that I waa hero ':' ' Yes, I had seen you in tho church for many ; mornings past. I had found out that you were indeed my darling, add wero living now with that owlish Professor. Then, to-day I saw you ;cpme up to the cattle, and, as I know tho storm would conJe .'.t nightfall I followed you, but missed tho path you had taken, so I did not meet ;you before tbc rain began. But, cheer thco, my ! darling, the thnnder is already more distant, '? soon it will be fino again.' ! Zelda spoko truly ; tho storm -waB clearing ; :tho thunder rumbled further and further off; tho rain became less heavy, then ceased to fall, and the yellow evening sun glimmered out from be !t\veon tho heavy black clouds, touching every : wet leaf and gr,%s8 blade with radiance. Zclda and Angel cm&rgod; from their place of refuge, and tho old woman led tho way by a stcep path down tho Lill to tho town. Sho told Angel that she Lad a room in ono of tho houses ! by the Ncckar's edge, and begged tho girl to ; como in there and rest, drin?/. some hot coffee, and have her wet things dried, beforo croEsing i the river and going borne, nearly a mile further ? on. Angel, tired and wet, consented gladly, and, . Zelda opened the dcor of cno of tho tumbledown, i old houses by tho bridge. There waa a noise of : men drinking and linging in tho lower rooms, j but ZeltTaJed Angel up a dark staircase, unlocked ;a door, aud ushered her into a clean though ipcoily furnished voom. , ' '-Now, icy 'dailing,' &aid; the old Romany, \- ' take'oiT jour wet dress and shoes, and I will ? dry them, 'in crc moment yo,u shall havospmo. ? coffee to .warm yor.r soul ; and while you wait I iwill dress yon in tho dress your mother sang in, :(£he gave it to me when sho married), and then I jsball think I seo my o'-vn child onco icore.' ? .Zelda went to a carved oak chest which stood ;inono corner of the room, and took from it a long whito tilk. dress embroidered with gold, 'from tho folds of wbieh a strango sccut of Eastern pprfuraes floated 'into the air. Angel gave a cry 'o£ delight; bcr mother's pictura had teen ipaiuted in this dies?. Sho looked wonderfully bcan'iful whon her wet, limp, diiiy morning dress bad been cx ? changed for this strange theatrical garment. It ]hung straight down, leaving tho arms haro to the points of the shoulders, and was completed by 'golden sandals, golden bracelets, and a gold star I abovo Ibo forehead. Angel felt aa if aho had Stepped int-j sonio fairy tale, eo strange wero ail 'her surroundings, and tho exhaustion produced .by fatigue, hanger, and tbo influence of the .storm, and of her own emotion, ali added to the odd misty feeling of nnrcnlHy. Tbc auu was setting in a calm glory after tbc jstprm, and Angola 6'.eppcd from tho window on ;. to the lalciny overhanging tho Nc;kar to look at j the western sky, while Z^lda bustled about drying ? the gifl's clotlica and preparing Ibo steam cqllco. ? Chajtkr XI. Vivian Vane, on hia way homo from India,, waa staying for a few dajs in Heidelberg in order 'to consult I'rofcssoi SchleJcrmaolier, tho great 'Oriental echbla*, on come question of philology.' Yhian was a man witlrmajiy,£idc3 to his nature- ; a great capacity for enjoying life, and a disposi* tion to follow tho irapuko of tho roomontj whithersoever it led him. It is not-mr.-vh.to bo wondered at, thercforo, that ho had hitherto ncg« lcctedMio literary business which bad brought hid to tho University town for tho ebcmnsof the romantic castle, tho cool shade- of ibo snmmox woods, and- tho amusement of Cirtict; ^,ith aom© protty American girls staying at tho Adlct Hotel. This evening ho had pervaded tho brother of thoso charming AmcrkaiK'j to accost* pauy him for a row on tho river, arid. tho. two young men wore letting their boat driit withtho stream a3 they enjoyed tho beauty ci tlo sunset after tho storm. From between the heavytblack clouds a vivid yellow light had Lnrst forth,' gilding in tho strangest way tho licis of tho bridge, tho trco lops, tho quaint LcKics by tho walei'a edge, aud causing Ihb shailo-rs to .'ippcir intensoly black by contrast. A cLimo cf church, bolls was sounding tho Angclus. 1'ioxa one..o£ tbo houses by the- watorcaino tho tiu'iling of a zither. Vivian was silent, watching tbo.iuagical beauty of this effect, his mind lost iu dreamy ioingiuings through which floated the 'lovely faCQ of tho girl .ho had seen in tho church aiid tho wood. Presently tho black clouds roiled further apart, that strango gilding faded, and the western sky became ouo blazo of glorious color, ambor,' gold, crimson purple, and a band of clear intOEsa boryl green. Vivian could not help- being re« minded of tho vision in tho Apocalypso — 'And tho foundations of tho city wero garnished with all manner of precious atones, jasper, and. sap* phirc, and chalcedony, and emerald, ai.d tho, glory of God did lighten it.' Ho was -repeating them softly, cs ho gazed at this sunset sky, when his oyea happened to 5aU on ono of tho riverside houses, and ho waa startled by a curious and beautiful pictture. From an upper story window a dark carved wooden balcony projoctcd ovcr-.tbo water, and on this balcony et-ood a woman with Larotwhito armB, in a curious dress of. whito and gold, with a star glittering abovo hor forehead. The* evening light fell on her, and surrounded her wahaJiiiii of aureole, so that sho looked more lilio the vidon of a saint seen by somo mcdi.ev.U devotee tban a moro creature of flesh and blood. Uo wonder Vivian was bewildered between inrpriso and admiration. Ho could only gasp out 'look there ?' as ho caught hia friend by tho .'Jionldcr.' ' Good heavens! my dear follow, -lcn't 0o that -1' , exclaimed tho American. 'You w)l np'jet this . cockle-shell of a bont, By Jupiter, wha t a picture,'' ho continued, as ho caught sight of tbodireo' tion of Vivian's eyes. ' What a beautiful .girl ! What nn extraordinary dress ! V7bo -'.n tho bo I' 'Sho looks like tho girl your Biiicr and! saw in tho Winter Garden,' replied Vivian,. ' if:.shc bo a human being at ail. If I wero a Catholic I' should fancy tho -Madonna 'had appeared to us. Pull ashore, Stanley* 1 mnat ?find out who she is.' ' Somo actrcsp, probabl}',' said Sl-iriloy ;' yon ?had better not seo her closer, or the illusion may vfliiish.' Vivian did not answer, but seized loth -oars himself, and commenced to pull tcwar-Ju-the bank. ' You ca.nl go into those houte-?, V.ine,'! con« tinned tho American in a tono of rcmom-lran'oo ; 'all tho v/orst characters in Hciritllierg'livQ there— cut-throats, thieves) wha'.-not. Yoa.-will get into troublo if you don't mind.'' 'So much the hotter,' said Vivian v;jth a laugh ;' I have been hero a whole week-,' and not had an adveuturo yet. Como along, Stanley.'* Stanley shook hi3 head. ' Good- byo, then ; expect mo when yon teeroo.' I am going into tho Ventls-hill, and »h&U;'iiot como out again for a year and a day !'.and (spring* ing ashore, ho waved his hand to StnuJey, xan up somo stops, and in at a dark door. Stanloy tried ta wait near by, but iho cuncnt wan eo strong that, spite of bis best ? efforts, -ho could not manage tho boat unassintod ;, lie waa carriod some way down tho stream, and was glad * to hail a boatmnn, and get his help to bring UiO boat to tho shore. Mcanwhilo, Vivian, after stumbling along n daik passago, opened a door, and saw before - him 'a number of mon singing and drinking. The light from this open door alao showed Lira a cricked winding staircase to his right, which waa'jusft , what ho wanted. Ho would havo closed tbc' dcor quietly and made his way upstair*, but h&liad; been seen. There waa a shout; two or three- men sprang up; a tablo was overturned, and .a S'.varthy fellow, with gold earrings and' long blAck curls, dashed up tlio stairs in pursuit cf him, call* ing to him to ' como back,' Vivian's bloadv/as up ; he turned toddiI, seized tho bc-iinglettcd ono by the collar, atrl dropped him down the stairs, bounded up tlio remainder of tho way, opened a door, and found himsdf id the preaencoof adark wrinkled old woman, and : of hia starry vision. But hia pursuers wero close upon him ; at the opon door thcro -vas a scuffle, and Vivian eaur, ' without looking, tho ominous flash of a knife. But, at tho same moineut^ tho kuifo wa? lenojkod asido, there was a scream ? from tho old woman, and the wbiic-robed'girl fell forward into Lis arm.s, while the cipiics'io* coiled in disrniy. Angel had seen tlio knifo iglanco, and bad knocked tho Made ns'lc, ibo sharp point of it slightly scratching her arm. ;Showas utterly exhausted by fatigno, iJOHfier, :and all the- various excitements of tlio «lay';fflbr Jncrvc3wcro thoroughly overstrained : and; now ?hor position amongst theso wild angiy men, iho : loud voices, aud tho flash of steel, terrified* Lor solmuch that though she had the presence 'of mind t? strike the knifo asido, no soonm lladaho ;dono so than sho fainted dead away. Zeldd'^ao cursing tho gipsies, who'wero tuinljling' back', wards down the stairs, in deadly fear cf tlio ^il E,vc. Vivian was standing with an uncoui- cSotifl ^irl in his arms. ? Truly, heio was an advoDlutb' indeed I Ho carried Angel near the wiD0cVf' ? and laid her gently on tho floor, with her ficaii 'in old ZeSiia's lap. Then he bound «p the littlo cut ,the girl had received with a pioce of hia Landker*' ichicf, feeling, as he saw the IjIooI that &tnine-l; ; tha round white arm, that he would giadly liavo I paid for every drop of it with pangs of toftnrc. ' It was a strango v/cird scene ; the twilight waa beginnJugto fall, and the corners of th: room wfiro almost dark, though tho western sky way bUII glowing with amber light.. On tbo baro-tliu-k' floorlay Angol, Iiqi head 'thrown back, her faco deadly palo, heroyes Bliut, hor rich, etrapgo^ircBS Bpatlod with blood. Zoldahad torn it open that lho-lr might rovivo hor, and hor bcantifal round throat and marlio-whito, bluo-veinod bosom were partially oxposod. Vivian was kneeling boside faor, fanning hor and dashing wator on her, and boob Baw her begin tojrovivo. Thoro was a little Bhaddor, a nigh, then tho lips bogan to rcaumo ?Oinowhat oE tbeir natural hue, and the ores oponod. 41 Where am 1 1 Take me homo, Zolda,' she eaid in German, ? ? ' If 03, my darling, yea, my white dovo,' aaid tho did woman, eigning impatiently to Vivian to loavo thorn ; he had risen on seeing that Angol was beginning to recover consciousness, and wa3 Btandiog'behind hor, whore eho could not seo him. Xn obedience lo Zelda's gesturoB of command he softly left the room, but he could not bring him solf to go furthor, without at loaat finding out who tho heroino of his adventuro could be. The first words he heard wore— 'Is ho hurt, Zolda ?' ' Hurt !'' said Zolda, contemptuously ; ' not bo ! Drinlc this; ray darling. He ha3 gone, and you elnll go homo directly.' ' Am I gone?' thought Vivian, ' hero I will slay until you pass me, and thon I shall get speech with my myatorious boauly.' 80 ho teant back against tie rail 0! the stairs, and waitod patiently. But 1« was doomed to disappointment.- Zulda, after dressing Angola again in hor own clothes, led her out by a door on the other side of the room, and down into the atreot, and when, after waiting for nearly half an hour, Vivian first, knocked, and thon boldly oponod tho door, he found the birds flotm. ? .??'??? ? ? - -. It was nearly dark by thiB time, but by. lighting a series of matches, he contrived to inspect the room. It was barely and poorly furnished, with tho exception ot a carvod oak chest into which the white and gold* dross, crumpled, wet with w,ator, Btained with blood, had boon hastily thrust. Evidently it was an assumed costume. Vivian examined it, but could form no conclusion about it, though all Boris of wild ideas ran through his mind. Then he reflected that if he-remained there he might bo attacked again, and not get off so easily, or he might bo taken for a.wpuld-bo burglar, bo he went through the open door by. which the in mates of the room had evidently gone out, and. groped his way down a steep dark Btairease to a door, after fumbling with tho latch for some time, contrived to open it, and found himaolf in the lighted street. . ? This was in truth an adventure ! Vivhn was much too excited to go quietly back to tbe hotel to dinner, ho urns'-, find out something about his fair unknown. Opposite in the little narrow dirty street was a small baker's Bhop ; he went in there, and asked tho man who was behind tho counter if he could tell him who lived in the tall ' house at the corner by the rivor. The baker shrugged bis shoulders. : 'No ono good, loveworthy bit ; gipsies, thieves a bad lot.' . ' I see there a dark old woman, with a red and yellow handkerchief on hor Lead,' said Vivian. ?'Yes, met n If or, that is Zolda, the Rom many : an old witch ; harmless enough, / think, though thoy do say she has the Evil Eye ; sho always buys her bread hero, and, i3 a good cus tomer.' 'And who is tho beautiful, tall, fair girl who was with her to day ?!' The baker shook his head. 'I never saw anyone with her,' ho said; 'Zelda ia only horo and thoro, as you may say, toitin //«?»?, as a Bwallew touches ; here to-day, gone to-morrow, and not coming back for months and months, but she has always boon alone.' Evidently no information was to be got hero. Vivian laid a coin on the counter, said good evening, and leit tho shop. Ho lingered about, \- making more vain inquiries at a wino- shop, and a Jew pawnbroker's, and at last ho saw, issuing from tho door of the house whero ZelJa lived, two men — the swarthy one with curls and earrings who had attompted to stao .him, land another. Ho datormined to accqst .them, and crossing the road, laid his hand on the sleeve of one . of them.'. It wan rather a reckless thing to do, for tho street was lonely and ill-lighted, 'and the. neighbor- hood bad ; Imt Vivian was not only daring but feverish with curitmty, and, perhaps aorue. atronger passior. ;- ?'',.: ; ? Tho man swore and tried, to shako him off. 'Gently, my friend.!' aaid Vivian ; ' I don't mean you auy harm. I bear no ill-will for. your attempt to mike an end of raq just now; Servo me right for going whore.! had no business.' ' Lot mo pass,' : said tho man, cowed by Vivian's cool tone, : .... -? ??? ?. . ?' In a minute,' continued he, '. I only want to ask you a question Grst... Now,; look hero, my, friends, if you can tell me who was that lady in whii&, who, no offence to you, probably saved me from an ugly stab just now, you shall have a gulden' & piece.' ' I know no more than tho Three King3 of Cologne !' was the answor. 'I toll you, Casper, it was the Queen of Heaven horaolf,' broke in the second man in a low, eager voice ; 'only you aro 3uch a hoathen Egyptian that you do not beliove in tho Blossed Mary.' ' I don't know,' ropoated tho other, half awed, half surly ; Ikon, withasuddon change of tone, ?' Give tliO poor llomany trink geld, noblo sir, for the sake of tbo ltidy youlovc' Viviau saw that thoy wore genuinely ignorant, and giving tliom somo money, walked on. There wa3 uot much use in further search that . n*ght, but ho returned to tho hotel, determined to find out the namo of his mysterious, beauty, and accomplish on introduction to hor beforo he left Heidelberg. Strangoly enough, howover, he {ailed utterly iu his search. - The noxt day, on going to Zolda'a house, he found that the old gipsy had disappeared, taking the key of her room with hor. Her companion was' not to be met, cither in tho castle, the churches, or the streets, and at last Vivian had 10 leave Heidelberg, atmo3t feeling that his strange ^dventuro bail forinod part of sonio vivid dream. ,. During tbolimoho remained iu Ilcidoiborj, Vivian had several interviews at the University With tho Professor. Tho latter, however, eitlor did not catch his namo, or did not roeognise its familarity with that t-f Angola's VerioliteiOT, more probably, *could not bring back hia mini from abstruso speculation to ouch an ovoryday topic ; and thus, oddly onough, Vivian epont soveral boura in tho company of the very man with whom this objoct of most of his thoughts was living, and novor found out that oho wa3 Ida brother's fiancee. . . The r03uU of Angela's wotting and advonture was a bad fevorish cold which kept her in bed for moro tbarfa woek, at tho end of which time Frauloin Marta took hor away for chango of air to a little farm among the mountains. There &ho; had some very happy weeks of simple country life, and having very little to do, inventcd,o propos to Vivian, a good many romances in hor girlish mind. She wrote to Harry all about her. meeting with Zelda (who by the way had followed her to EinsiedolJ, but omitted for soino.undefin.ed reason to say anytbi&g; about the scono. in the gipsy's house. Harry might .bb vexed at her having taken part in such an advontnro ; besides, he had told hor ho wa3 jealous, and though, 'of course, he could havo no roa3on to be bo of a man to whom she had nover spokenyatiU it was as well to give him no subject for his fancies to. fix upon, so she did not mention the etraangor to him. 