SELECT POETRY. THE CLOSING SCENE. The following is pronouncod by tho Westminster Re new to be unquestionably the finest American poom ever written : — Within tho sobor realm of leafless trees, The russet year inhaled the dreamy air; Like some tanned reaper, in his hour of ease, When all tho fields are looking brown and bare. The gray barns, looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widoning into valos, Bent down tbo air a greeting to tho mills, On the dull thunder of altomato flails. All sights were mellowed and all Bounds subdued. Tho bills seemed fartbor and tbo streams sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a mufllod blow. Tbg "embattled forests, erowhile armed with gold, The banner bright with every martial hno, Now. stood like some sad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotost blue. On sombre wings tho vulture tried his flight ; The dove scarce heard bis sighing mate's complaint ; And like a star, slow drowning in the light, Tho villago church vano soemod to pale and faint. The.sentinel cock up in the hillsido crew — Craig, thrice — and all was stiller than before ; Silent, till some replying warden blew His alion horn, and then was hoard no more. Where orst tho jay, within the elm's tall crost, Mado garrnlous trouble rouud her unfledged young ; And'When the oriole swung her swaying nest, ByEvery light wind like a censer swung. When sang tho noisy martins in tho eaves, -The busy swallows circling ever near — Foreboding, as tho rustic mind belioves, -.s A&. early. harvest and a plenteous year. Wh£f4 every bird that waked tho vornal feast jShook the sweet slumber from its wings at'Tnorn, To warm tho reaper of the rosy East — Arid now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. " " Alone; from ont the stubble, piped the quail, Aufigioaked the crow through all the dreary gloom ; Alopothe pheasant, drumming in tho vale, . B(ado echo hi the distance to the cottage loom. Thdro was no cud, no bloom upon the bowers, 9>he spiders moved their thin shrouds night by ' vjhigbt, Thwthistlo-down, the only ghost of;flowers, /Sailed slowly by — passed noiseless 'out of sight. cAmid all this, in this most dreary air, Ahd where the woodbine shods upon the porch s Its' erimson leaves, as if tho year stood there, K ' ' Firing tho floor with its invortod torch. VA.mid all this, tho contre of tho sceno, The whito-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheel, and with her joyous mieu Sat like fate and watched tho flying thread. Sh<J bad known sorrow. Ho had walked with her ; Oft'auppod, and broke with her tho ashen crust, And-in the dead leaves she still hoard the stir .Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom, Her country summoned and she gave bor .all ; Abd twice war bowed to her his sable plnme — Regave the sword to hang upon the wall. Regave the sword, but not tho band that drew And struck for liberty the dying blow ; Nor him who, to his sire and Country truo, Fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, but not loud, the droning wheel went on, \ Like that low murmur of a hive at noon ; 'Long; but not loud, the memory of the gono Breathed through her lips a sad and tromulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, bar bead was bowed' , ,Lifo dropped tho distaff through bor bands serene "And loving neighbours smoothed her careful shroud, While death and wintor closed the autumn sceno, T. B.'Read. 