lill l^piíL PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In the place when I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I spook, Impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications Intended for In- sertion in the nows columns should be addressed to ins EDITOR. Ko notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Evory letter must be accompanied by tho name and address of tho writer, not necoasarily tor publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected communications cannot be roturnod under any circumstances whatever. To avoid Inconvenience and dolay to persons Interested wo have to request that all business communica- tions, including advertisement«, orders for the etper, and remittances, be addroascd to WcLBOH and A0H1NK0S, and not to TUB EDITOR. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1876. Better late than never. The Govern- ment judicio_ily came to the decision yes- terday of handing over the impounded correspondence to Messrs. STEVENSON and Sons intact, and has thus escaped from a position which must, from the very first, have proved as embarrassing to itself as it was displeasing to the general public. That the deten- tion of the letters was dictated by a vigilant anxiety for the prompt and effectual discovery of certain frauds, which were believed to be in course of perpetration upon the revenue, and that it was carried out under the im- pression that much larger powers are conferred upon the Government by statute law than it really enjoys, we can very well believe. But subse- quent inquiry must have convinced the law officers of the Crown of the illegality of the step they had resorted to ; and after a delay which might have been advantageously shortened, the Government has done the right thing, although not perhaps in the most gracious way. For this particular in- cident of the STEVENSON case has to be considered without reference to their culpability or innocence of the charges preferred against them. The corre- spondence itself, even if opened, and if it had been found to contain any- thing calculated to criminate the firm it was addressed to, could not have been used in evidence, and could only have been serviceable in confirming fore- gone conclusions or otherwise. What was really in peril was not the revenue, nor the reputation of Messrs. STEVENSON and Sons, but the great principle of the inviolability of the Post-office and the sanctity of letters. What was most to be dreaded was not the resort to an extremely questionable method of obtaining evidence or informa- tion with respect to this particular prosecution, but the establishment of a most dangerous and detestable precedent. This we have happily es- caped. The Government, we may rea- sonably conclude, has satisfied itself that it could not break the seals of Messrs. STEVENSON and Sons' letters without breaking the law at the same time, and has, therefore, chosen to adhere to the path of legality and Bafety, This is matter for congratula- tion, both as respects the escape from a present dilemma and the avoidance of future perils. Any Ad. ministration hereafter will scarcely venture to entertain the thought of tampering with the sacredness of corre- spondence entrusted to its care in the Post office, much less to carry such a design into execution, with all the cir- cumstances of the Stevenson imbroglio fresh in its recollection, and with the decision staring it in the face whicb. was come to by a former Government after more than usual deliberation, and with, we presume, something like complete unanimity. In another column appears the corre- spondence which passed yesterday be- tween the CommiBBioner of Customs and Messrs. STEVENSON and Sons on the subject, and wo wish wo could com- pliment the former gentleman upon his contribution to it. That thero has been considerable soreness on both sides is obvious enough. The Govern- ment believes the revenue to have been defrauded to a considerable ox tent, and is naturally exasperated by the circumstance. The charge is denied by the firm implicated, which is irritated by the arrest of its correspondence, and by thelossesand inconvenience occasioned to its business in consequence; and the posi- tion of suspecter and suspected is one of mutual and uncompromising hostility. In the case of the Commissioner of Cus toms, this feeling of antagonism has been probably intensified by the necessity which has arisen for " backing down," as the Americans say, in this matter of the letters. And hence, wo presume, the objectionable attitude assumed by Mr. ANDERSON in the first of the two letters, which appear elsewhere. The Government having done a wrong thing by impounding the correspond- ence, did the right thing in delivering it unopened j but the request by which the official act of restitution was pre- ceded seems to us to have been unrea- sonable and uncalled for. The legal power to open the letters having been ac- knowledged to have no existence, nothing remained but to hand them over uncon- ditionally to their rightful owners. The Commissioner of Customs could not expect Messrs. STEVENSON and Sons to concede aa a favour that which they had resisted when it was proposed to be accomplished by the arbitrary exercise of Government authority. If the corre- spondence contained nothing whatever detrimental to their character, they might be disposed to regard the request to open it in the presence of Messrs. TUKNEK and TYLEK as an impertinence. If, on the other hand, their letters are of an inculpatory character, it would be contrary to all the recognised prin- ciples of English jurisprudence to ask that firm for the voluntary production of documents which would criminate themselves. Mr. . ANDERSON, after making the request referred to, goes on to say :-" In the event of your con " tinued refusal to such a course, there " will be no other conclusion to be "drawn than that you are afraid " of the result, and as the Go " vernment are informed upon oath " that you are in the habit of " using invoices specially prepared to " defraud the revenue, and that proof " of such a charge is likely to be found " by an inspection of the letters now " detained at the Post-office, your re " fuBal of this renewed proposal will " entail upon you very serious conse " quencea." From a gentleman of Mr. ANDERSON'S legal education and expe- rience, we should scarcely have expected a remark of this kind ; based, as it is, j upon an assumption which is illogical in itself, and is susceptible of very serious misuse. To suspect a man of the commission of a crime, to surmise in your own mind that some proof of it might be found in certain documents, to challenge him to produce them, and on his refusing to do ao to tell him that you have no longer any doubt of his guilt, would be a series of proceedings irrecon- cilable with reason and justice. And upon further reflection we should think the Commissioner of Customs must acknowledge the impropriety of the course he adopted, as well as of the threat he hold out with respect to the opening and special examination in future of every package imported by Messrs. STEVENSON and Sons if thoy declined, aa they did decline, to have their letters opened as proposed. Let the utmost vigilance be exercised in any and every case in which fraud is suspected, by all means, but let this be done for the protection of the revenue, and not as a punishment for the non-compliance with an unreasonable demand. We do not often get an insight into the penetralia of the City Council. Their proceedings at their periodical meetings are open to public observation and com- ment, but what passes in the . secret recesses of the committee-rooms ia gene- rally veiled in the profoundest seclusion. On Monday, however, the Mayor lifted up a corner of the curtain and rather startled us by the spectacle disclosed. There is what ia called a Legislative Com- mittee, so named, it appears, on the incus à non luccndo principle. It has never met since November last, and the minutes of its meetings have not been written up for months past. The Finance Committee is described as being no better, although its duties are much more important. Five meetings have been summoned, and upon one occasion only was a quorum ob- tained. For weeks past, the Mayor said, he had had to sign the cheques of the council on his own responsibility ; and last Saturday the corporation labourers had to go without their wage»-not because there waB any deficiency of funds, but because certain membora of committee were too lazy to perform the function they had undertaken to discharge When over there is any patronage to dispense or any festivities to enjoy, the members of the City Council are-to use a bit of expressive slang-" all there ;" and the alacrity with which they como for- ward on such occasions is only exceeded, it seems, by the zeal with which they shirk the fulfilment of their ordinary duties. We aro told that various re- criminations followed the making of these complaints by the Mayor, and that a tacit understanding was come to that the committee meetings should be attended for the future. But it is to be hoped that any romlssness in this respect will bo promptly exposed, and that the names of the delinquents will be made known for the information of the ratepayers. The members of the City Council may not bo avt are, perhaps, that they are elected for uso and not for ornament, and that if thoy aro anxious for the honour of tho office, they must bo likewise prepared to discharge the duties it entails. The present unsatisfactory and incon- venient position in which we aro now placed in regard to telegraphic communi- cation with the old country, furnishes a strong reason for duplicating some of the cable sections between Australia and India, serving also China, Japan, and the Straits Settlements. The large and ever-increasing traffic over the lines between England and India has already led to this course being adopted on some of the deep-sea portions as far as the Mediterranean, while from India there is another outlot to the Western world over- land, via Teheran and Russia, which ia now largely availed of. This is the second occasion within the space of l8 months upon which a fault ha3 occurred in the cables between Madras and Penang, and the length of line mea- suring some 1,400 miles, renders the labour of grappling for the broken end one of difficulty, and necessarily causes considerable delay in the ordinary our rent of business-a fact which we now know too well, as the present fault has already remained a whole month with- out any immediato proBpoct of being remedied. Tho Port Darwin and Java cable, 1,18G miles long, has also beon twico parted. The first occasion in 1Ö72, witliin a few days of its being laid, Now, wo havo noarly 2,600 miles out 'of the whole length of 10,000 milos of cable, which goes so far to form the con- necting link between this country and Europe, in a stato of interruption. Some timó ago a project was started, and rather warmly advocated at the time, for a second lino from Singapore, via Macas- sar, to the Gulf of Carpentaria and Queensland, but that appears to have been entirely abandoned, and no doubt will not bo revived so long as the whole of tho submarine cable companies are united in one bond of union; but year by year, as tho business increases, the valuo of the direct communication becomos the more enhanced, and having so long en- joyed the benefits and advantages of the telegraph«) system, the inconvenience of having to do without it is all tho more felt.| _ A | public meeting was held in Sydnoy last week, at which Sir ALFIIED STEPHEN presided, for the promotion of Italiau immigration. It seems that the Govern- ment of Italy, which was formerly op- posed to any efflux of the population, finding it impossible to prevent itj has wisely determined to assist those who aro bent on emigrating ; and accordingly a society has beon formed in that country for the purpose of defraying wholly or in part the cost of tho passage of the industrious Italians who are reaolvod upon bettoring their circumstances in a new land. _ The soil, the cli- mate, the -industrial capabilities, and the political institutions of Australia, all combine to attract these southern people hither ; and the numerous indus- tries which aro successfully pursued in the various provinces from Piedmont to Sicily, are precisely those which it ii most desirable to introduce into theso colonies, and which would prove to be as remunerative hore as there. Signor DALDEKTIS, who addressed the meeting in Sydnoy, stated that when he was last in Italy, thousands o£ people called upon him to obtain information with reBpect to Aus- tralia, and he was certain that if there was a reasonable prospect of their being able to obtain land on easy terms, they would come in great numbers, and would prove to be permanent settlers. In New South Wales nearly all the resident Italians are landowners. Moat of the newcomers, he added, would bring then wives and daughters with them. The society proposed to be formed in Sydney is rather of an advisory character, and is in- tended to protect the Italian immigrants from extortion and imposition, rather than for contributing towards their passage money, and it ia contemplated to form a committee to communicate with the society in Italy, whioh is stated to bo composed of senators, deputies, and men of the highest position in that country. Our neighbours on both sides" of us aro vigorously bestirring themselves to pro- mote immigration, _ and their material progress cannot fail to be accelerated in consequence. Our own policy, un- fortunately, is one of stagnation, and stagnation in a young country moans re« j trogression, and possibly decay. I The Government, after a delay of mora than a fortnight, have decided on delivering over to Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons the mail letters which were detained on the giound that their contents were suspected to be in fraud of the Customs. The Com- missioner of Customs yesterday wrote to tho firm, renewing the proposal that the letters should be opened in the presence of the as- sistant-commissioner of Customs and the deputy poBtmuster-Reneral, insinuating that if the firm declined the conclusion would be patent that they were afraid of the result, and threatening, should they decline, that though the letters would be returned un- opened, in future the Customs depart ment would open and examine ever package of goods consigned to the Urra so that very serious inconvenience would b3 caused to them. Messrs. Stevenson and Sons iwrote in reply declining the proposal, disagreeing with the conclusion arrived at by the Commissioner of Customs, and protesting against the practice threatened, at the same time stating their willingneas to furnish full evidence of the true value of the good imported hy them. The PoBtinaster General, on the receipt of this letter, directed that the detained letters should be delivered, and this was accordingly done. We have been requested to state that Messrs. Stevenson and Sons conaider that they have been unfairly treated in regard to the method of valuing their goods adopted by the Customs authorities, and that when the proper time comes they will have some, thing to say on this subject. Bis Excellency the Governor left yesterday in the steamer Julia Percy for Warrnambool, on his tour through the Western districts. He was accompanied by the Premier, the Attorney-General, the Minister of Railways, and the Postmaster-General. The steamer left the Queen's wharf, but the Vice-regal party joined at Sandridge, and thus escapea the unpleasantness of the trip down the river. Great preparations have been made ia the Western district for the welcome of His Excellency on his first official visit to that portion of the colony. He will arrive at Warrnambool this morning, and will be pre- sented with an address on landing. The mayor of Belfast will meet him at Warmam. bool, and tho party will drive overland to Belfast, stopping cn route at Koroit, where another address will be presented. At Bel- fast he will be welcomed in a similar way, and will be entertained at luncheon by the mayor. The party will then re-embark in the Julia Percy, and proceed on by the steamer to Port- land. On the 27th inst an address from the mayor and corporation of Portland.wiU be presented on the occasion of turning the first sod of the Portland and Hamilton rail- way. Ilia Excellency will be the gueBfc of Mr.|T. Must, M.L A., at Prospect, Portland. On the 28th inBt he will start for Mr. S. P. "Winter's Btation at Murindal, where he will be a guest for a short period. The Brough Smyth Inquiry Board con- cluded its sittings for the hearing of evidence yesterday, and the chairman inti- mated that the board would forward their report to the Minister as early as was con- sonant with a duo consideration of the evidence. The witnesses examined yes- terday were two oz- Ministers of Mines, Messrs. J. T. Smith and Macgregor, hut as neither had, during their respective terms of office, come much in contact with the officers of the department, I they were unable to give evidence of much ^ value as to Mr. Smyth's treatment of his officers. Both, however, stated that they had never had any idea of Mr. Smyth being tyrannical, although they agreed in consider- ing him a strict disciplinarian. Some rather instructive ovidence was given by Mr. J. T. Smith in reference to a leave of ab- sence for 12 months on half-pay which was granted to Mr. Williams to sue "his aged parents" in England, al- though it appearB it was known to Mr. Smith at the time that Mr. Williams did not intend to return to the colony. Mr. Wtt. liams, however, it seems was a favoured individual, being a relation of "some church dignitary in England," and having the advantage, according to Mr. Smith, of having " his case preaaed by some ladies. ' Boring the course of the inquiry it has ap- peared that thia Mr. Williams not onlf received the indulgence above referred to. but that he had previously been promoted over the heads of the fourth-olass officers, from the position of a supernumerary to that of an officer of the third class. A deputation from the Collingwood Cit» .Council waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works yesterday, relative to tbo con tinned suspension of the traffic over the bridge across the Yarra in Johnston.street. It waa represented th&ftho;'old bridge had tobe .closed in consequence of ita dangerous con dition, and that the new bridge would not be opened for a considerable time. The con. tractorforthenewstructure, it was urged, was responsible for keeping the old bridge in a fit condition for traffic until the new one was completed. . Mr. Jones said that he would ask Mr. Rowand to report as to the liability of the contractor, and also as to the bes' \- moans of providing for the existing diffi ' 'i, ire seemB to be np hope that the attempt to hatch that portion of the salmon ova im- ported by Sir Samuel Wilson placed in the "Victoria Iceworks will bo successful, even 80 far as regards a solitary egg. Only about a hundred eggs now exhibit signs of vitality, and they are considered to be in such an un healthy state that it is very improbable any will develops into fish, although in a good .many oases the eyes aro visible. In a great many instances the procesa appeared to go on I -well till the eyes wore visible, and then the ? eggs became opaque and covered by a fungus growth. The attempt that has been made in Vic 'toria to supplement the funds required to send an experimental shipment of meat from Sydney to England, treated according to Mr. Mott'S freezing process, has not been as suc- cessful as could have been desired. The total nmountBubscribedup to the preaent is £2,782 108,, and there seems to be little prospect of further assistance being rendered. It is be- lieved thot the subscriptions would have been considerably larger had not many Victorians already subscribed in New South Wales. It is rather singular, and not by any means creditable, that the Victorian banks refused to subscribe on various grounds, with the exception of the Oriental, and English, Scot- tish, and Australian Chartered banks. It is, however, satisfactory to know that a suffi- cient amount has been altogether received to enablo the trial shipment to be made. The apparatus to be used on board ship is being prepared with all possible speed, and both Mr. Mort and Mr. Nicolle continue confident that they will be able to land the cargo of ' meat in London in precisely the same condi- tion in which it leaves Sydney. We i understand that an inquiry was held by the Pilot Board on Monday lost, but owing to the neglect of the secretary, ? Captain Barrell, to send OB the usual notifi- cations we were precluded from publishing the proceedings. From outside sources we learn that the inquiry was held re- lative to the conduct of Pilots Nichol- son and Rockett on board the ship Mavis on the 124th. March. It was alleged that the pilots mentioned, in consequence of a disagreement, indulged in an exhibition of fisticuffs and other disgraceful conduct. The result of the investigation was that Pilot Nicholson was lined £5, and Pilot Rockett -£3. The fifth half-yearly'meeting of the share- holders in the City of Melbourne Bank was held yesterday in the bank premises, Collins, street. Mr. Thomas Loader occupied the \- chair. The report and balance-sheet, which have already been published, were adopted. The retiring directora were re- elected, and Messrs. Lowry and Burns were appointed auditors. The dividend of G per cent, will 1 be payable on and after to-day. A Bale of Crown lands was held yesterday at the auction-rooms of Mr. G. Walstab, 1 Queen-street. The land offered for competí > taon comprised four town lots at St Kilda, in the parish of South Melbourne, the upset price being placed^ at £3 per foot. Three of the lots brought respectively £4 7s. Cd., £4 17B. Gd.,.and £5 7s. Gd. per foot, but the fourth lot was withdrawn for want of an offer. The total proceeds of the sale amounted to £1,208. JXhB council of the Zoological and Acclima- tisation "Society held a meeting at the Royal -park on Monday, and inspected the gardens and the zoological collections. The follow- ing members were present : -Professor Strong ' (vice- president, in the chair), and Messrs, Tyler, Purchas, Hammond, and Ryan. The hon. secretary reported that the gardens had teen largely visited during the recent holi- days. A large python, 13ft. in longtb, has lately been added to the attractions of the reptile house, and several other additions have been made to the collection. The fol- lowing stock hns been received at the gar- dens since the last meeting, for which the . council desires to return its thanks :-Some carp, from Mr. Martin, of Brunswick ; a por- cupine ant-eater, from Mr. J. H. Brown ; an «owl, from Mr. G. Crisp, of Qaeen-street ; and some Australian black ducks from Mr. C. W. Buckland, of Eurella. In the Equity Court yesterday, before Mr. . Justice Molesworth, a suit was heard in which the Attorney.General, on behalf of the ' Crown, claimed a moiety of the residuary estate of one Alexander Davidson, who died a short time since. The deceased was sup- posed to have been illegitimate, and there- fore the Crown claimed half of the estate which he had left undisposed of by his will < (about £15,000), The Court directed inquiries as to whether the deceased had left any rela- tives, and reserved further directions. The practice of constables and other mili- tary characters wearing their hats in courts \- of justice was yesterday brought under the 'notice of his Honour Judge Cope, in the ?County Court, A member of the Garrison Force, who was attending as a witness in a case, entered tho court with his cap on his head. He was ordered by the ctier to remove it, but objected on the ground that it was not the custom -of soldiers to take off their hats in courts of justice. His Honoui's attention being called to tho matter, he ordered the artilleryman to remove his head gear, remarking that both soldions and police constables should remain uncovered in conrt except when specially on duty in court as orderlies. At the last Criminal Sessions two persons, named John and Lydia Sharp, were sent to prison for forgery and uttering. Yesterday their two little children, a boy and girl, were sent to the Industrial School for seven years by the City Bench. The whole family is therefore thrown upon the state. Two other little children named Webber, who were born in a charitable institution-the Lying in- Hospital-were also sent to the school for seven years, their mother averring her in- ability to maintain them. A young man named Joseph II. Thomas was charged at the City Police Court yester day with uttering a forged cheque for £4, purporting to be drawn by Mr. W. J. Harvey, tinsmith. The prisoner, who was formerly .employed by Mr. Harvey, took the cheque in question to the Oriental Bank, and tried to cash it, but it was at once seen to be a forgery, and he was arrested. The Bench . committed him for trial. \- At the Collingwood Police Court yesterday two boys, named Henry Thompson and Thomas Trudgeon, on remand, were charged \- with shooting with intent to wound George Black, landlord of the Norfolk Hotel. The case was one which had excited considerable interest, as showing the extremities to which the disorderly youth of Collingwood would proceed. The investigation, however, as continued yesterday, put to some extent a different aspect on the matter. The evi. dence showed that the prisoners, with some other lads, were out shooting on the 20th March last. On their way home Thompson, who appeared to be the ring leader, started the idea that it would be a good j'oke to frighten Black, with whom he and his companions had had somounpleasant Relations. The Buggestion was adopted, and the gun whs loaded with a few grains of ijowder and some paper, and fired at Blade No injury was done to Black, out he produced a board on whioh .?were certain marks whioh he alleged were caused by gravel discharged from the gun. in his cross-examination it was aug gested by the attorney that the marks were produced by a bradawl, and Black's explana-1 won was, not deemed satisfactory. ' The "Bench wer* of opinion that the prisoners' did not uro with any intent to wound, and dis. charged them on that accusation, but inti- mated tbat they should be ro-arrestod on the charge of discharging firearms in a public place. The prisoners hearing this, on leaving the I court at once took to their heels,'but were caught after a chase. The Bench fined Thompson, who pleaded guilty, £2, or 11 days'. Trudgeon was remanded until Tuesday next. Mr. T. F. Chuck, of the Royal Arcade, has just completed two additional portraits of Australian celebrities for the National Gal- lery, One is a portrait of Captain Flinders, the navigator, enlarged from a steel engrav- ing recently presented to the Public Library It is finished in water-colours by Mr. J. A. Turner. The other is a picture of Sir Henry Young, the Governor of South Australia from 1855 to 1861. It is enlarged from a carte de visile. Both pictures were ordered by Sir Redmond Barry for the National Gallery col- lection. The Rose de Florence colt arrived from Sydney yesterday in the s.S. Alexandra. Margaret Mills died in the Alfred Hospital on 'Monday night from the effects of the burns received during the destruction of her honse hy fire on Sunday. Her husband, it was mentioned yesterday, died during Monday afternoon from burns received by him at the same time. Inquests will be held on the two bodies. The body of the unfortunate lad Lawrence, who was drowned on Good Friday, while boating on the Yarra, WBB recovered yester- day.1 The deceased was a son of Dr. Law renee. An inquest will be held. Some of the Nelson boys who escaped from a pic-nic at the Sandridge Bend on Monday, as already mentioned, have been captured. A boy about 13 years old, named John Curry, was admitted to the Alfred Hospital on Monday night. He was driving a baker's cart at Moorabbin, beyond Brighton, and was thrown ont The wheel passed over him, fracturing his thigh. Arthur Merry, aged 29 years, living at Sandridge, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday morning, having sus- tained fracture of the right leg by a fall in Sffanston-Btreet. Mr. Thos. Dickson, of Jolimont, it is un- derstood, will contest the vacancy in the representation of Albert Ward in the City Council occasioned by the resignation of Alderman Williams. Yesterday over 100 boys belonging to the Frince's-bridge Industrial School were sent to Sandhurst, in accordance with an arrange- ment previously agreed upon, whereby the girls in the Sandhurst Industrial School were removed to Geelong. .The Frince's-bridge buildings will therefore Boon be vacant, and may be utilised for the purpose of an immi grants' home. A well-attended meeting of the master butchers was held at Stutt's Hotel, Bourke- street, last evening, Mr. W. Reynolds occu- pying the chair. The final arrangements were made for the carrying out of the pic-nic. All present agreed to close their shops on Tuesday next, and the Victoria Meat Market Company have consented to close their market the whole of that day. The pic-nic will be held at Brighton Beach, and a notification of the places of meeting will be made in future advertisements. From present appearances the project promises to be a success. A lecture was delivered by Dr. Macartney. in the Temperance-hall, Russell- street, yes- terday evening, on the subject of " Parlia- ment, Police, and Pentridge, or what the people pay for." The chairwas occupied by Mr. J. B. Drew. There was a very large attendance. The i lecturer traced the effect of strong drink on the Parliament of the country, where the members were so given to the custom of drinking that the sum of £500 was paid for a Bpecial bannan for Parliament-house. He maintained that it was the duty of Parlia- ment to deal with the question of prohibiting strong drink, which had been found to answer so admirably in America. The police did not carry out the law even as it stood, for it was well-known that the law was violated every Sunday. He did not blame the police for this, as the fault lay with the real head of the police, the Chief Secretary for the time being. Fully 75 per centJof the crime committed in the country was caused by strong drink. He also pointed out that even in the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum the taste for drink was encouraged, 'or on the Estimates he found the sum of £200 for a brewer, and £65 for an assistant The cure for this evil, he considered, was in the hands of the electors themselveB, who should endeavour to obtain an alteration in the laws relating to the liquor traffic, by making a wise selection at the polling booths. The lecturer waa very attentively listened to throughout hie lecture, and was most heartily cheered on several occasions. An inquest was held at Geelong yesterday, before Dr. F. Shaw, on the body of William Gordon, who died suddenly on the previous day whilst working at the stores of Messrs. Holmes, White, and Co. A witness named Charles Newell stated that the deceased and himself were packing beer on Monday, and had to take it from one store to another. They had trucked 50 caskB, and proceeded to stow it in the npper store. They had lifted four or five of the casks, and were lifting another on to the stage a few feet from the floor when the deceased fell backwards, gave two or three sharp gasps, and expired. The cask weighed about a hundredweight and three-quarters. The deceased was a strong man. The widow of the deceased, Emma Gordon, stated that he never complained, and was apparently in good health when he left the house on Mon. day morning. Dr. Mackin stated that, from the evidence given and the appearance of the deceased, he considered the cause of death was serous apoplexy, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. "A meeting of the electors of Stawell," states the P. G. News of the 25th inst, "is convened by advertisement to be held at the Royal Victoria Theatre on Wednesday night. A number of ex-Ministers and members of Parliament at present in Opposition are expected to attend, including the Hone. John WoodB, W. C. Smith, P. Lalor, J. M'Kean, J. Munro, and Mr. J. Mirams, M.L A.'s. The members of the Assembly will arrive by the ?1-o'clock train, and will be met at the rail- way station by a deputation from the local branch of the National Reform League." The Ararat and Pleasant Creek Adver- tiser of the 25th inst states that "a party of four prospectors, with a fore- man, is to be sent out by Government to prospect from Lexington, running north be- yond Armstrongs to the Three- mile Creek, near tho Western, The names of the men chosen are Mr. Hatton, foreman, and Messrs. Davis, Graham, M'Donald, and Chamber- lain. The conditions with the Government were to be signed yesterday before the police magistrate. During the recent Ministerial visit to Shep- parton, the question of railway extension to the district was brought under the notice of the Minister for Railways, Mr. Jones, says the North Eastern Ensign, in the course of his reply mentioned that "in Canada and some parts of America an excellent method was adopted, which consisted in the Govern- ment empowering local bodies to make tram- ways or cheap light railways, costing about £1,000 a mile, for opening up and developing the resources of various portions of the country, and he thought such would prove of very great advantage here. It would tend to prove what amount of confidence was really felt by the residents of a district if theyhadfirst to supply the cost from their own pockets. There could be little doubt, how- ever, that this district would receive full con. sideration in the matter of extension ; the general permanence of settlement was ap- parent and fully deserved every encourage- ment that could be given to it. There was one point, however, on which he must con. gratúlate them, and ¿hat was a point greatly in favour of extension through these parts -the North-Eaatern line 'was the very best paying line in the colony, in fact, the only remunerative one. and that would be a -.ii _,,"_L strong reason for further branches in its I locality ; yet still the question remained > where to begin." A locomotive tender converted into an , aquarium ia a somewhat odd and startling idei, remarks the Ballarat Star. Still, that fish do travel up and down on the Ballarat and Geelong railway line, and seemingly enjpy the dull routino of tender life, has long been an ascertained fact. Some time ago several persons were not a little bewildered at being' told that perch had been taken out of tjhe water tanks of locomotive tenders at the Ballarat terminus, and clever people affected to pooh-pooh tho statement as sheer nonsense. However, but a few days since MrJ Troup, locomotive inspector at Lydiard street, himself took from one of the tenders a live, and apparently healthy, English perch, which he presented to Dr. King. The fish is now in that gentleman's possession, and occupies a tub on his premises. The perch is certainly not the gay, bright-coloured tish we are'accustomed to see taken from Wendou- ree,1 the rust-charged water of the tender tank having bad a great effectupon itsscaleB, but|as far as health goes, it is all that could be desired. The extraordinary part of the affair is, that the water in these tanks is always warm, and sometimes so hot that its contact with one's hand is the reverse o1 agreeable, yet out of this water are taken live! fish. The presence of the perch in the tanks is eaBily enough accounted for. A quantity of the fish are to be found in the railway dam at Lal Lal station, and at the Btation a steam pump draws the water from the ¡ dam to supply a tank from which the tenders are fed. Spawn and very small fish are i thus frequently transferred from dam to tender." The Pleasant Creek News of Tuesday relates that "an accident occurred in the claim of Nos. 2, 3, 4, and 5 Scotchman's Company on Monday afternoon, by which a young man named Alexander Fletcher sus- tained injuries that will in all probability causo his death. He was coming up the shaft on a ' toggle strap'-a loop of rope hanging from the toggle itself. The un- fortunate man's mate sat on the toggle itself. The ascent of the 200ft sliding shaft had been successfully accomplished, and the two men were about 20ft np the vertical shaft, when the splicing of the ' toggle strap' rope came nndone, and Fletcher fell the 220ft the 'greater part down the slide referred to. With commendablepresence of mind, his mate caught holdof the descending rope, slipped off the toggle, and was lowered by that means to the | bottom. Arrived there, he found Fletcher terribly bruised and cut, and signalled for assistance. This was promptly afforded, and the injured man brought to the surface, and taken to the hospital. Here he was found to be suffering from concussion of the brain, and other serious injuries. The latest news last evening was to the effect that Fletcher waa not dead, but in a very critical state. He had himself made the splice which gave way, and being an old sailor the fact is inexplicable, more especially as a much heavier man had been hoisted on the same strop previously. Fletcher is only 23 years of age,i and is a native of Glasgow. He has been in the colony only about 12 months, and is very much respected by all with whom he has come in contact" "The blacks," says the Brisbane Courier of April 15, "have perpetrated another most daring outrage on the Normanby Riven within a mile of the township and of the police camp at that place. A packer named James M'Ñamara, with loading for Edwards- town, camped there one evening last week with 13 horses, and on proceeding to round them up in the morning found seven lying on the ground killed, and three others with spears still sticking in their bodies, while one had been killed and carried away bodily to a distance, whereitwassltinned, cutupinto joints, and the meat removed. The whole of these were valuable animals, while the three whioh were permitted to escape were but scrubbers in comparison. ' The police are in pursuit,' to use the stereotyped phrase, but bitter complaint is made by the packers of the apathy of the police force." " Á shocking accident took place at Gympie on April Oth," states the Brisbane Courier, " which cost a gloom over the whole town. Some boys were out shooting, and one of them, Adolpho Jansen, son of Mr. Jansen, jeweller, waa carrying or dragging the gun after him, when the trigger caught against a bough, causing the gun to discharge, and the contents entered bis side and penetrated to the heart. The poor little fellow expired almost instantaneously. Much sympathy is felt for his bereaved parents, for the boy, who! had passed a creditable Government examination and was at present pupil teacher in the National School, gave promise of making a bright man. He was also a universal favourite and was beloved by all his schoolfellows, The poor young fellow was lately a 'scholarship boy' at the Bris- bane Grammar School, and one of the cleverest as well as most amiable boys in the whole school. Jansen displayed an aptitude for learning of an entirely exceptional char- acter, and was held in great regard both by masters and boya." " On the niRht of April 11," states the Brisbane Courier, "on the voyage of the Florence Irving, when the vessel was some 15 miles north of Mackay, a Chinese prisoner named Ah Lee, who was being conveyed from Cooktown to Rockhampton to await his trial for horse-stealing, was missed. Search WBB made throughout the steamer, but with- out avail ; and it is supposed that he jumped overboard and was drowned. In accordance with the belief of his countrymen as to the necessity of providing for the inner man during the passage fiom this to another world, John took the precaution of appro- priating a loaf of bread before launching out on his journey." A Cooktown correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, April l8, remarks that "the Chinese have kept the town alive in sensational busi- ness during the last few days. One of that interesting race committed suicide by hang- ing himself at the hospital, and to-day another shot a countryman in the most deliberate and business-like manner imagin- able. The shooting affair waB a remarkable one. A Celestial landing here from Hong Kong some months ago put up at the hostelry of Mr. Jemmy Ah Foo, who keeps a publichouse of a not very reputable character at the Chinese quarter of the town. Accord- ing to his own account, he was gambled out of all his money, except a £5-note, at Mr. Ah Foo's hostelry, and with that sum intended to leave for the diggings, and owe the landlord for two weeks' board that was unpaid. But to this the latter appears to have demurred, and, assisted by some of his countrymen, set upon the unfortunate immi- grant and took from him the £5 note, from which he helped himself to what was owing and returned the change. John vowed vengeance. 'Me go alongee Palmer,' he said, ' and come back and shootée you by'n bye.' And sure enough he came back shortly, pistol in hand, and found Jemmy Ah Foo deep in the mysteries of pastrymaking. To let Hy straight for the region of the heart was the work of a moment, but Jemmy started in the nick of time, and the bullet, inetead of passing through his body, glanced from his rib and passed under the skin, almost round to the other side, the powder even burning the body, but still the injury inflicted was not dangerous. The other at once gave himself up to the police, but ac- cording to his own utterances the unfinished work is yet to be completed after he baa paid the penalty of the law for what he has already done." At the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court held at Maryborough, Queensland, on April 11, Alexander Rixson was charged with the murder of his wife, Annie George Rixson. The particulars of this case were published two or'|three weeks ago. The prisoner was supposed to have strangled his wife, with whom he had been living on bad terms. Dr. Little, 'one of the medical witnesses, con- sidered! it probable that the marks of stran- gulation mirht have been caused by the do. ceased fjerself. His Honour Judge Lutwyche quoted Shakspeare's' description of the mur. I der of tho Duke of Gloucester in " King Henry VI.": " Bec how the blood Is settled on bis face ! Oft have I seen a timely-parted ghost Of ashy aotnblanco, meagre, palo, and bloodless, Being all descended to the labouring heart ; Who, In tho conflict that It holds with death, Attracts tho samo for aldance 'gainst the enemy ; Which with the heart, tlioro, cools, and no'er returnoth ' i To blush and beautify tbo chock again. But soo, ni« taco is black, and full of blood ; BIB ov chalis further out than when be lived, Staring full ghastly Uko a strangled man : Ills hair uprcated, his nostrils stretched with struggling. Bia hands abroad display ed, as ono that grasped And tuggod for life, and was by atrongth subdued." Dr. Little said he waa not familiar with the passage, but the description WOB an ex- cellent one of the symptoms of strangula- tion. The prisoner denied his guilt His Honour, in summing up, pointed out that strong suspicion against the pri. soner was not sufficient ; the jury must be sure that his hands were the direct cause of her death, and there was no direct testimony to that effect. The greatest diffi- culty was the medical evidence, and there was a good deal of doubt there. Dr. Little had asserted that he was not satisfied in his own mind, and if the evidence had ended there he should have told them to acquit the prisoner. But there was other and very strong evidence, and if the jury had no rea- sonable doubt they must return a verdict of guilty. After an absence of half an hour, the jury returned with a verdict of "not guilty," and prisoner was discharged. The views of a Russian artiBan on the Erith strike are expressed in the following letter, addressed to the editor of the Pall Mall Gazelle on February 7:-"Merciful Sir,-I am a foreign and very much admire your free country. I have some affairs at the Erith fabrick, and passed down to make a visit it is now nearly a week. I visit the workshops with the dil ector, and am surprise to find all so very busy, so I ask the director and he inform me plenty men want to work by piecework and try to como every day, but many afraid because the old men which do not love to work by contract shout at them in streets, call bad names, throw stones, break their windows and doors in night, and one poor man they give a great box and he fall down without senseB 1 How ! I say, in your free country cannot every mechanician work as it him pleases t If he want to gain more money may he not, like I in my affairs, work more harder ? The director ask me ii I see many labourer waiting in the streets 1 I say no, I seo many gentlemen very proper dressed, and I think there is a fute, and what strange country to bave fête with no ladies ! He say, Oh no. These are the workmen which do not love contract, and will not let any other man work it also. Now I very much confused, for in my country where what we call ia father government, you say very tyranny ; the very fine big policeman I Bee talk very agreeable with the crowd would say, ' Go home ; do not make uneasy the men that like to work piece.' I imagine to myself your freedom is like in America of the North, where gentlemen wear revolvers in their pockets, and where one does not think like other he shoot him. Can you make explanation of this 1 I speak with one man near the railway station when I go back, and OBk how be live ; he say the com. mune to which he is member give money every week, also workmen in other fabricks all over England, and he say, 'Would I not be one (some bad word) fool if I work when I can make fèto as you see V I think I like my country bettor now, and will go home to think to make iron fabrick, for yottrs will not long endure.-1 remain, with complete re. spect,-CONTENT. wiTH-Tyn.vifNT." "It appears, "remarks thePallMallQazetle, February 7, " from a trial which has just taken place at St Petersburg, that the relations between publishers and authors in Russia are not invariably so cordial as might be deBired, and that the differences which arise between them are not always 'referred to arbitration.' The publisher of a St Peters- burg magazine, the Dido, asked a well known writer to furnish him with the trans- lation of a German novel, which appeared in fortnightly parts until its completion. When the last number had appeared, the trans lator applied for payment, and, with some difficulty, obtained 30 roubles ' on account' Repeated applications for the balance pro- ving fruitless, he wrote a letter to his pub- lisher saying that he must insist upon a settlement, however small the Bum remain- ing due might prove to be. In answer to this, he received from the hands ol a street porter a very soiled paper rouble, pinned to which was a still dirtier piece of paper with 'the publisher's compliments, who sends it to yon ont of consideration for your necessi- ties.' The author applied to the police magis- trate for redress, which he has obtained even fuller, perhaps, than he expected, for that functionary ordered the arrest of the pub- lisher, and, alter hearing the evidence, sen- tenced him toa fortnight's imprisonment" A good story is told regarding Mr. Glad- stone's forthcoming work on Homer by the South London Review. The author of the book originally entitled it Homeric Synchron ism. His publishers, probably iniluenced by the modem preference for Saxon.Engliah, ventured to suggest to the right hon. gentle- man that "The Time and Place of Homer'' would be "better understanded of thecommon people ;" and they went further than that They related an anecdote of an old Scotoh minister who was called upon to baptise a certain infant, and who, in the usual course, demanded of the father how the child was to be named. "Alexander Augustus," said the father. The minister, wholly disapproving of such high- sounding names, answered sharply, "Hoots, nonsense, the child's name is John." And sure enough the child was baptised plain " John " forthwith. We do not know whether Mr. Gladstone quite ap- preciated this jocular remonstrance but at all events it led to a modification, or rather duplication, of the title of this book, which now Btonds-" Homeric Synchronism, being an inquiry into the time and place of Homer." At a meeting of the Geological Society, on February 3, Professor Owen, CB,, F.R.S., read a paper on Borne fossil remains from Africa, which he referred to a hitherto unknown carni- vorous reptile. The fossils consist of a humeras and portion of a jaw, with teeth. "They were obtained, "says 27ie Times, "by Mr. Andrew Geddes Boin, at Fort Beaufort, from the lacustrine formation known as the Karoo bedB, which are Bupposed by geologists to be of late paleozoic or early mesozoic ago. In tho jaw is one well-preserved canine tooth, as well as portions of incisors, and the carni- vorous character of the animal is well esta« Wished. It is to the humérus that the chief interest attaches. Professor Owen entered at great length into all the minute details in which it conforms to recognise reptilian structure, and showed that there could bo hardly a doubt the animal was a reptile. At tho same time, there were foreshadowed somo points of mammalian resomblancas, These, occurring BO far back in time, are of great importance, and, when viewed in con- nexion with some indications of retrogression rather than progression in descent, present a problem for which ho believos neithor the Lamarckian nor Darwinian theories offer an answer. He has named the animal Cynodrakon Major." " The monster potition from Utah to Con- gress, asking that the territory bo admitted as a state, signed by 23,360 Mormon women, is," Bays the New York Times, "worthy of some particular scrutiny. The number would indicate that every woman in Utah had signed the potition, and even then there must be attached tho names of many very young girls. The census of 1870 shows a population for the territory of a little less than 87,000. The male population was 44,121, and the female 42,005. ! The number of families, which is in Mormondom a pretty accurate maasuro of tho number of women, was 17,210. The number of houses was 18,290, which may still more nearly 'approximate the number of women. It must be remembered the girls marry very young;]and if by women are meant those above l8 years of age, .18,000, in 1S70 is an ample estimate. The increase in the Terri- tory has not been great sinco 1870, and the immigration has been largely of minors, so that it must be consideredextromoly doubt- ful | if there are at the present time 23,000 women above l8 years old in Utah. The petition must have been got up by the exer- cise of the Church authority, and it should have no more weight with the country than if the names had all been written in Salt Lake by Brigham Young himself. As to the Church and polygamy, it is safe to say that it is heartily supported by the women of the Territory, eicept in the northern part, in the larger towns, whero the Gentile popula- tion is large enough to exercise inlluence either by precept or example. There the Mormon girls prefer to marry 'Gentiles,' and cannot be rostrained by the Church. In the southern towns, where the population is entirely Mormon, tho women are never known to question the authority ot the Church, and are led to regard polygamous marriages as a special means of salva* tion." " Our BoyB" and " Sweethearts" were re- peated st the Theatre Royal yesterday even- ing. The performance was, as usual, very entertaining to the audience. At the Opera-house, Mr. Emmet repeated his performance of Fritz. The entertain* ment continues to prove attractive. Tho United States Minstrels' performances at the Apollo-hall were well attended last night, and were most amusing. The diorama of the American War, with the additional attraction of the distribution of | gifts, is still well patronised at St. George's Hall. We have received the following additional donations for Mrs. Close and her children, and we may Btate that the sum now iu hand is amply sufficient, and no further subscrip- tions are required ¡-Collected by Messrs. E. J. Brayton and C. J. Kenworthy, £5510s.; collected in the family of M. J. _., Haw- thorn, £2 ; Sir George Stephen, £1 Is.; Charlea Roy, £lls.; W.H.P., £1 la,; Mra. E. Salomon (Sandhurst), £1 ; J. T. Briatow, £1; H.H., £1; Widow M.. £1; A. D. Pasco, £1; F.P., £1; H. M. C. Gemmell, £1; East Riding, 10s. ; J. de P., 10s. Messrs. Bennett and Holloway, jewellers, Elizabeth-street, have now on view a number of rowing trophies, which they havo just completed as prizes for the winners at the late Melbourne regatta. Amongst them are 16 miniature oats, eight being bow oars, and eight stroke oars. They are of silver, capped with gold. They are the prizes to be awarded to the challenge eight and junior eight Sergeant Parkinson, of Prahran station, wishes to acknowledge subscriptions re- ceived by him to the extent of £10 on behalf of the paralytic woman Hall, who was burned out at Windsor on Sunday. The sergeant will be glad to receive further snbscrip. tions. 