ratepayers Meeting On Tuesday evening a meeting of ratepayers, convened by advertisement, was held in the Institute Hall, Moont.a, for the purpose of considering the proposal to borrow £350 for fencing in the Park Lands. His Worship the Mayor, L. L. Furner Esq., occupied the chair, and called upon the Town Clerk to read the notice convening the meeting. This was done, and the resolution of the Council in respect of this question was also read. The MAYOR explained more fully the object of the meeting. Tiie Park Lands granted by the Government to the Coporation in trust for the inhabitants of Moonta were in extent about 120 acres, which it was proposed to divide into two paddocks, to contain respectively 74} and 43 acres. This division was necessitated because of the main road leading to Port Hughes crossing the ground. The matter had been discussed very fully by the Council, and they had come to the conclusion that by fencing in the Park Lands they might bo made sources of revenue, as well as being a matter of great convenience to the inhabitants. They were aware that the Council had power to do this work with money raised by the rates, but they considered itmore desirable to borrow the necessary sum, because for every pound of rate money spent on the town the Government woulti give a subsidy ; and it: was better to get all the rates spent on the town. It was proposed to borrow this £o. r )0 at six per cent., so that the annual interest would amount to £21 ; but it was belived that the fees reserved for depasturing horses and cattle would more than pay that, an I indeed would become a source of profit. In order to borrow the money it was necessary to get the sanctio" of the ratepayers ; and that was the object of that meeting. He trusted the question would be considered purely oji its merits. He hoped it would not be found necessary to take a poll of the ratepayers on the question, as such a proceeding would involve expense. Indeed, if the feeling of the ratepayers was against the project, he would personally prefer that it should fall through rather than that expense should be incurred. He hoped they would discuss the matter m a spirit of impartiality, and give their votes, without reference to purely personal considerations. It was quite certain to his mind that the expenditure of the money would never cost the town one penny, as the revenue received would give such a margin over the interest as would in course of time repay the whole of the loan. Mr. VARCOE wished to ask the Mayor one or two questions. He wanted to know, first, where the Park Lands were situated ? The MAYOII—It would have been more in order if there was a resolution before the meeting ; but he might, in reply to Mr. Varcoe, say that there was a map in the Council Chamber, which was accessible to ratepayers, which would give that information. He could now only give a mere verbal description. (This the Chairman proceeded to do.) Mr. VAECOE : Had the Council any title to the land ? The MATCH : A perfect title by Gazette notice. . Mr. VAIICOE had been credibV informed that the mineral claims came within sixty yards of the present tanks. Was that so 1 The MAYOU : No. Mr. VAIICOE . Before the ratepayers gave the project bheir support, these things should be ascertained, whether they were correct or not. Mr. BEER, Jun.—Were the plans in the Council Chamber ? Tliat would settle it. The MAYOR—The title was as sure as was the title of Mr. Varcoe to his own house. He could not himself say what might be the exact boundaries of the land in relation to the mineral claims and tanks. Or. llossixicft : Speaking roughly, the Park Lands extended from the front of Jeffery's house direct across to the Brewery, and from thence down to Brokenshire's. Woon's, and Biewitt's and that area would be divided into two paddocks. The Tows CLERK : There was also a portion running from the Brewery by the by the Public Cemetery. The MAYOR : But it was not proposed to fence that narrow strip in. lie would assure Mr. Varcoe in respect of the title : itwas proclaimed by the Governor in the Gazette. The TOWN' CLF.RK : And by the proposed arrangement there would be a tank in each paddock. Mr. VARCOE enquired how many cattle would these paddocks depasture the year through? The MAYOR : Five or six head of cattle would by the fees pay the interest of the loan ; but there would be more, and he believed the Council would find it would more than pay all expenses. Cr. HOSSITKR : Five would give £2G a year at 2s. Gd. per head. Mr. VAIICOE would propose " That this meeting be now adjourned until this day two years." (Applause.) He did this because he believed it, was necessary to borrow the money. Tie did not believe that the interest itself could be raised by the fees; and further, if any money was to be borrowed, it should be spent in the township of Moonta. In one part of the town they had everything, the paths formed, the curbing made, and the main streets swept twice a week ; but in other parts the street s were left just as Dame Nature had made them. If the money was borrowed, Jet it be spent in the town and let every ratepayer have his fair share, not spend it outside the town to no benefit except to those who had posts and rails and wire to sell. (Applause.) They would want to go out to Paramatta next, and fence in Captain Jack's sections ! As an individual he had seen waste, and he called it wilful and malicious waste in Moonta, and it became them now to put a stop to it. They must not be giving away their birthright—(Applause.) Mr. STEPHEN THOMAS seconded the proposition. Mr. BEER, jun., said in order to test the feeling of the meeting he would propose " That the Council be authorised to borrow the money." He did not care a pin which way the matter went, but he believed it would be money well spent, and would bring in a fair interest, and would be of considerable benefit to the town of Moonta. Mr. ASSHETON seconded the amendment. W He was just as much and just as little interested in this question as any man in Moonta. But he knew if he himself had that quantity of land in such a neighbourhood l;e should fence it in ; and he believed that the proposfcr of the original resolution, if he had it would do the same. (Applause.) He maintained (hat Councillors, whilst discharging their public duties, should act with the same care as if the public property was their own ; and in that light: alone (hey would do right in fencing it in. lie felt sure that it would pay interest for the money from the very start. Cr. ROSSITER supported the amendment. If it would pay to fence in small sections of land of four or five acres around Moonta it would surely pay to fence in a block of seventy acres. With respect to the five head, which it had been said the land would not carry, he could almost any day count from^thirty ta^forty head on that same land, and for one-half of those nothing was ever contributed to the funds of the Corporation. If fur no other reason he thought it would pay to fence the land for the sake of preserving the native shrubs from the damage caused by the goats. Some of them could remember that twelve or fourteen years ago the grass on that land was up to their knees ; but now the grass was constantly trampled down, and the roots torn up constantly. If the land was fenced there was no reason ,wliy they should not have as good grass as they had in the old time, if not better. He concurred with Mr. Assheton that there was not a man in that meeting who, if he had that Land, would not be prepared to borrow the money to fence it. even if he had to pay 15 per cent, for it. rather then let it go to waste as it was at present. (Applause.) And he was convinced if the Corporation had not looked aft'.:r the matterthcy would have been justly regarded as care less and neglect ful of their duty. He did not know that the proposal would make one penny difference to him. He might probably put a horse in one of the paddocks occasionally; and as to the fees, they all knew it was worth double the amount to have a paddock close at hand, rather than having to send two miles away. Any person taking a disinterested view of the matter would see that the fencing in of that land would be a benefit to the town. It was all very well to speak of spending money in the town itself, but such expenditure they knew quite well would not be reproductive work, and if it was borrowed for that purpose the Government would not lbsidk.e it. He would remind those who irade the outcry that the Wards in question had had more spent in them than they had contributed towards the funds. (• Bosh.' : ) They might say bosh.'" butthefaet was open to proof any day. They could examine the books of the Council, and they would see for themselves. (Applause.) In conclusion, lie could assure those who supported the adjournment that if the amendment was lost lieshould demand a poll. Mr. VARCOE was unde-stood to ask Cr. Rossiter if lie expected to find the wire for the fencing. (Applause and disapprobation.) Cr. ROSSITER replied, if the Park Lands were fenced he expected the work would be done by contract, and the man who would do it cheapest would get the job. He believed the residents in his Ward would give him credit for a little better principle than that of s pporting an expenditure of £3o0 for the mere sake of selling £20 worth of wire. (Hear, hear.) If that was the kind of motive governing his public action-:, the sooner he vacited his seat in the Council the better. (Applause.) The MAYOR said it was a gr: at pity that the ratepayers cculd not hold a public meeting without 'personalities and imputations being indulged in which must be offensive to any man of honor. He believed the gentleman who had moved in the niattei had done so in a spirit of the utmost fairness, and with a desire to.advance the best interests of the town : and to charge them with doing it for the sake of gett ing a j alt y shilling out of it was contemptib'e. Mr. N. D. BKNXETT would support, the amendment. He was very sorry indeed that at a mect'ng of that description, where f.-llowtownsmeu were assembled with the object of benefitting the town, .such expressions as had been made use of should have ever been used. He had no doubt that if the Park Ijrinds were fenced as proposed by the Corporation, the work would be entirely reproductive, There was n great deal of difference between borrowing money for that purpose and borrowing it for improving the streets of the town. Cr. Rossiter had already explained that the borrowed money would not be supplemented by the Government; and whether it was or not. it was not a matter to be brought forward on t at occasion ; and if Mr. Varcoe was grieved, or any other ratepayer in his Ward that was not the place to bring his complaint : they should go to the Council, and not disturb tbe harmony of that meeting. Many present would know that he did not advocaie ibis scheme from personal interest : be was neither a contractor, nor a seller or buyer of posts and rails. He came there as a citizen, and supported the borrowing of the money because the work would be reproductive, would more than pay the interest, bodies trie expense of keeping some one to look after the gates. (" No, no.") Mr. Varcoe might say " no 3 ' as I ng as he liked, but he (Mr. Bennett) was convinced that his own view was correct; and that 120 acres would do more than support four head of cattle throughout the year. If not, what would become of the cattle of those persons who had taken up small sections of land in the neighbourhood of Moonta ? If Mr. Varcoe had consulted one of them, say Mr. Olifent for example, he (Mr. Bennett) was sure lie would not have come to that meeting to make himself such a —(Applause and loud laughter : and Mr. Varcoe : Say it out.) Well it began with the letter f. (Laughter.) He had no doubt if Mr. Varcoe possessed a second horse, he would be glad enough to pay 2s. Gd. a week for it to run on the Park Lands rather than 12-. for it to be kept in the stable. (Hear, hear.) 'i'liev were not called upon to pay a special rate or to take one penny out. of their pockets for this work. The Corporation had fully discussed the matter, and had arrived at the conviction that it would benefit the town, and be a great public convenience,and more than, pay the expenses, besides beautifying the tjwn. They must remember that Moonta was in the centre of what would become a large and flourishing agricultural district; and from the first time he saw it to the. present moment he had never changed his opinion that Moonta would in course of time be surrounded in every direction by nourishing homesteads. It was our duty- to promote this ; and holding the views he had expressed, he gave a very hearty support to the amendment proposed by Mr. Beer. (Applause.) Mr. MABGE pointed out (whether from forgetfulness or not he did not know) that there had not been placed before the meeting any estimates of probable expenses. Interest had been mentioned as being £21 per year, but nothing has been said about the cost of supervision. Some persons present were of opinion that it would cost £n() ov a year for that, and so of course they hesitated to sanction the proposed expenditure. The MAYOR explained that as the tanks (which would be within the paddocks) would require and already had supervision, there would be no extra expense involved. The one supervision would do for both. Mr. ABRAHAM GEORGE had had experience as a farmer and with cattle, and could not see that it would be a paying thing. It might j do very well if the land was broken up and I cultivated, but he questioned whether it would in its present state support five head I of cattle throughout the year. Then there I was one item of expense which had not been j mentioned—the rep;iir and replacement of j broken fences which in course of time would I involve a considerable outlay. I Mr. MADDERX wished to say a word or two in favor of the amendment. The mover 1 and supporters of the resolution had tried to i bolster up their case with some of the weakest and. in some respects, silliest arguments he (the speaker) had ever heard uttered in a public met ting. Captain Varcoe was his very old and respected friend, and he had always held him in high esteem ; but ) that evening he had gone quite out of his track. (Laughter.) It put him in mind of a circumstance which occurred in the old country. A young fellow was going home late at night, when he thought he saw a ghost. He was very much frightened but managed to reach home. Next day, telling of his adventure, he described his intense fright, and said I thought I saw something, and I didn't, see nothing at all !" (Laughter.) Mr. VARCOE—That's nothing at alfto the point. (Renewed laughter.) Mr. MADDEUX believed that, represented the pos tion of Captain A r arcoe in relation to this quesLion. In the first place he wanted to make out the Corporation was going to fence somebody else's ground : then that they were going to fence in Paramatta and Capt. Jack ; and he seemed to be fancying he could see ghosts until he got the straightforward answer from His Worship, that the Park Lands were well defined, and that the Corporation had got an undoubted title. Then with regard to the revenue to come. It had been assumed that onlj T those persons who wanted plenty of feed would put their stock in. Instead of that, many persons would avail themselves of the convenience of letting their horses and cows have a run in the Park Lauds, even if there was nothing but the fences, as a spell- from the sdab'c. He was fully confident that the depasturing fees would produce more than double enough to pay the interest on the loan. There had been no new thing started in Moonta that had not been opposcaby some people " tooth and nail," without reason or argument. The very same thing recurred when it was first proposed to form a Corporation. They could well remember -that opposition ; but let them look at Moonta now, and see whether the town had not. benefitted by it. Nay more. they could all see that they had lost hundreds of pounds, which the Government: would have given them in ai l of their rates, through not having had the town formed into a municipadty three years before the thing was actually accomplished. He thought that instead of postponing this question two years, as Captain Varcoe wished, if it had been possible it should have been done two years ago. It would have been more sensible. (Applause.) Mr. BEER. Junr., had not anticipated so much discussion. He asked anyone who doubted the advantage of fencing the Park Lands to look at the fenced pieces in which the tanks were situated, where there were now growing some nice trees ; and he be'ieved if the proposed fencing were done there would be a nice shrubbery springing up on the enclosed lands. It would put an end to thedamnge now done daily in root-grubbing and by goats, and would be money well spent. He should not have expected any opposition except it might be from the local Poundkeeper. who had a vested interest in stray cattle. (Laughter). He comurred with a previous speaker that the enclosures would more than doubly pay their interest.. Mr. S. THOMAS expressed his dissent., and his opinion that the trees would not grow if the cattle were in the paddocks. Councillor Rowrc, in reply to Mr. George, said the Council had not felt it their duty to propose to cultivate the land, though they might all feel that by taking that step they were securing a better result. He personally believed it would pay well to cultivate the laud. The MAYOR then put the amendment, the voting being IS for and 22 against. The resolution was then put. the voting being 17 for and 2.'S against. lie delcared that both were lost. Mr. MADCE proposed " That estimates be prepared showing the probable expense, witli :m approximate estimate, of the probable return, the same to be laid before a meeting tint dav week." The MAYOR having reiterated the view held by the Council of the revenue and expenses of the project. Mr. N. D. BENNETT suggested that those who had opposed the project might be met this way. Put the interest at £21, and other expenses not to exceed £12—total £">.'?. Could not 1 hat be met? Were there not enough cattle- owners present to guarantee ton head all the year round ? If that could be guaranteed there r-onld not, remain the slightest possible objection to the matter being proceeded with. Mr. MADCE said some persons were under the impression instead of the expenses would brin'j the annual cost up to about £90. The MAYOR : Such an estimate was without foundation. Mr. GEORGE wished to know whether the Council would have power to let the land to a tenant.. The MAYOR replied that nothing rould be done with it that would prevent its use as a place of recreation for the people. He had that moment received a requisition in accordance with section ll'l of the Corporation Act demanding a poll of the ratepayers on this question. He was sorry that in a maitcr which would not cost the town one halfpenny all this expense was to be incurred. Mr. VARCOE wanted to know why the meeting was not closed, as the Mayor had said that the proposition and amendment were lost. He believed if the amendment had been carried there would have been no attempt to prolong the meeting. The MAYOR denied the imputation, and announced that in accordance with tiie notice he had received, and which was signed by Messrs. Assheton, Beer, junr., Drew, Rossiter, Rowe. and Lauder, there would be a poll taken the following, at ten o'clockclosing at four p.m. The proceedings then terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. The Poll was held on Wednesday, according to announcement in the Institute Ilall, and at, the close it was found that there were —for the loan, !(>."> votes recorded by (54 voters, assessed to the value of about £2379; and against 34 votes given by 22 voters assessed to the value of about £571. 