DROWNED AT SEA. Dedicated to the Committee op the Permanent Shipwreck Fund. At a meeting of the Dandenong Committee, held this week at the Town Hall, Dr. Carroll drew attention to the great number of wrecks that had taken place on our coast during the last seasoli, attended , with severe loss of lives, leaving families entirely unprovided for ; I and suggested the desirability of providing a permanent shipwreck \ tund. liie chairman (B. Palmer, Esq.), remarked, that when acting as hon. treasurer for the Dandenong Fund many people had said, " Why should we give to the Dandenong sufferers alone, when there are so many cases of coasters being lost on our shores with sailors who have left widows and children." Hundreds of coasters left Sydney, and some of them were lost without our ever hearing a word : of them. He (Mr. Palmer) would be happy to assist in so good a cause as that proposed by Dr. Carroll, and supported by Mr. J. Davies. When the ways of the waters are whitened with foam, And the anger of tempest is driving Worn sailors away from the port of their home In scorn of their straining and striving, Just think of the watchers with saddening eyes — Of such there is always a host, sirs — Who read in mute terror the signs in the skies, And pray for their loves in the coasters. In summer and winter— by day and by night — For issues but slender and sterile, Brave fellows strive on in their resolute fight With the sea and its manifold peril. Though toiling all watches with wind and with wave, Their gain is not much at the most, sirs, And the deep is too often the flowerless grave Of the heroes who work in the coasters. What homes have been wrecked, and what hearts have been made As old as the moss on the wall, now, Through a boat of a vessel, by thunder way-laid, Going down in the midst of it all ; now, While season by season the heavy wind runs Where the surf is as white as a ghost, sirs, Just think of the brave, the beneficent- ones Who toil for their babes in the coasters. And ah ! if you ever have suffered at all Through a love that has left you for ever, You will feel for the faces that sit in the pail Of the darkness, and listen and shiver ; You will sorrow for hearts that are widowed of light By the storms and their pitiless host, sirs ; And' pray in the day and the depths of the night, For the men who are out in the coasters. 