©crji ;p.crr]r/! BT G. A. \TALSTAB. " Oh yes ; I can remember those days, Tery well, indeed," laid the doctor, as he took down a decanter from the a winging tray, and, with due medical precision, mixed him sell a glass of grog, '? Let me «ee, it's the 2oth of December, 1SG9, and we're down aomowhere in 47 deg. South, which makes it rather cooler than it would be were we on j shoro. I can tell you, Hamilton," to a young inan sitting next to him, "you would be more inclined to ask for ice than hot grog if you found yourself walking up Bourke street just now." " And pray, doctor, what 1b Bourke street ?" " Bourke street;"my dear' fellow, i* to Melbourne a sort of degraded Hay market. At least by night-time. In the day Collins, or the Regent, is crowded- by night, the street of Bourke. There are oys ter stalls, supper-rooms, theatres, and all the other signs of advanced civilisation pos sessed by the Queen of the South." " Then Christmas is tolerably jolly with you, after all t" asked the older man, giving a vicious dig with his spoon at a lump of sugar that would'nt melt. " I don't know exactly what you mean by that, but I think, from my own experience, there is, if anything, too much of the jolly and too little of tne tolerable. In fact, I generally look upon Christmas in Australia as a dead swindle. We okeat ourielves into a belief that it is the old time back again; the old time of roast beef, plum pudding, mistletoe, pretty cousins, tipping uncles, and all that sort of thins. But it isn't, not by a long way. The beef, pudding, and an attempt at mistletoe, are there ; but where the pretty cousins ? where the days of the past! No ; I don't care about Christmas in Australia. There is a hollow sham about the whole thing that makes it almost weari some. As poor liookley used to say, ' It's merry, very merry, indeed !' " "Why did he »ay a* ! " asked Hamilton. "Ah! there goes a very 'marry' story to that," was tha answer ; and the jolly doctor looked positively sad as he railed his tumbler to his lips. "Tell it ua," said Hamilton. "It's not ten o'clock yet, and we are nona of us in clined for much fun, although It is Christ mas, and icebergs Are knocking about to remind us of snow." "Yes, go a-head, doctor," said two or three others. " What is it about ?" " Why, it's about a marry Christmas 1b Australia-a very merry Christmas, Indeed 1 Go on deck for a moment, and as you stand thero, in bodily presence, tha keen wind, fresh from the ice-fields of the south, will soon make you wish yourself down hara again. But come with me in imagination, for an instant, to the land on tha share of which the serf of the great Southern Sea wa are now on beats unceasingly. We hara left Melbourne far behind us, and you ara sitting with me in the small room of . bush hut, with a miserable imitation of a window look ing out upon a wide plain. At the back of the hut the ground slopes gently down ta . croek-a foaming torrent in wintar, now a chain of half-dry water holes. On th«oth«r side of the croek are a few hntfl, little if any better than mine ; a public-house, a black smith's forge, j. general stora, and . pound -the usual make-up of a Victorian township in 1853. Yes, I am telling of as long ago as that. Place yourself in the spot by my slda, as I sit in this hut, and yoa will understand my story better. I am sitting at a llttla table near the window. Os the table ara papers cast carelessly about; near the walls are wide shelves covered with books ; two or three mahogany cases ara lying on tha floor ; a gun and sabre hang over the ohim ney ; two kangaroo dogs ape sleeping before the tire place. It is the hat of a bush doctor, the only one within a larga radius. I have come up from Melbourne to practice, and am cot making such a bad thing of it, especially as there is a ' digging within fifteen inilea of the place.' " It is Christmas day, and I am thinking of far different things than the plum-pudding that an old Irishwoman is wildly endeavoring to make in the cooking hat at tha back. From the window, if I choose to raise my eyes, I can see a wide expanse of plain, dotted here and thero with cluaips of trees, and in the distamce a high range, at tho foot of which lie the diggings I spoke «f. And on that plain the hot rays of the noon-day sun are beating fiercely, so fiercely that the onoe green gragi ia buraed and blaoksned, while over on the ranges there hangs a black cloud of smoke. It is the BuahFire-the Yale Log of Australia. Shutting my eyes, and carry ing my memory bsck, I can see a bright glowing hearth, a long, well- spread table, happy beaming faces ronnd it. I open Ihem, and there is tho squalid hut, tho wretohed apologies for furniture, tho voice of the old Irishwoman singing, probably a keene over the very possible failure of her pudding, the wide plain, the burning sun, and the dark cloud of the distant bunn-fire. Very merry, Indeed! I am roused from my reYerie by the tramp of a horse's feet, and, looking out, I see a horseman coming rapidly towards tho hut, his horse pressed to tha top of hi* speed. "It is a messenger from tho diggings probably some accident; and I take up my Instrument case mechanically. " Are yon in, doctor ?' shouts the rider, reining up his horae, and kaooking with his whip-handle at the doo*. J reoognise him at once as a young fellow from the diggings, the mate of a man with whom I had been a fellow-passenger- Georga Kockley. " On board ship Hockley had been a general favourite ; good-looking, good-tem pered men always are; and he was espe cially both. But if he were popular, his wife was even more so. Poor child ! I think I can see her now, as she used to sit on deck, reading or working, with her large soft brown eyes raised confidingly to mine, aa I asked her how she felt, and how baby wa«. Baby was asleep in his cot below, and she waB well, quito well. " After landing in Melbourne, I lost sight of them for some time ; in fact, though as open and frank as the day, Kockley was reserved and quiet on all family matters, and I only knew, as others did, that he was the son of a rich country gentleman, who had made what is called a love-matfth with the daugh ter of a poor clergyman. One day, how ever, I did see him, for he came to tell me that his child was very ill, and asked if I would come and see him. I did, and. ah ! it was no good asking' how baby was then. Baby was asleep indeed ; asleep in that cot which Providence rocks for the little chil dren it has suffered to oome unto it. I thrught, too, that both his wife and Kockley looked pale and ill, but that might be the effects of grief, and I made no remark about it. " But afterwards, when I mot them on the Dark Kange diggings, I could see too plainly that, brave as the little lady was, she )lad undertaken a task that was too much' for her. Sadder still, her husband saw it" too, and pressed her to returm to town. But no ; where he was she would remain, and, as he could not possibly get away from the claim he was working in, she refused to leave him. Day after day, while he toiled on at the I accustomed work to which he had devoted himself, she sat patiently doing woman's work in the hot close tent, till the gentle heart grew faint, and tho delicate frame more feeble every day. He did his best, poor fellow ; the women about did their best; but it was no use ; the fragile being sank daily under a load she was never meant to bear. " ' Mrs. Kockley '-my friend had always borne his real name-' is very ill, indeed. I didn't tell him so, bat we think sh« is dying. Can you come at once, Doctor ? ' " I made little answer, but in a very short time was riding by his side over the hot plain towards the Dsrk Kang« Rush. "The fifteen miles were Boon got over, and in a little more than an hour I was standing by the bedside of a dying woman. Yes ; there was no use mincing the matter, and had you been there you would hare felt as sad as I did. Poor Rockley saw in my face what I thought, but with an Hnselfiah courage, for which I have always honoured him, he kept down his emotion ; and the firmer pressure of his hand was the only out ward sign of the agony which was tearing at his heart. " She knew it too, poor child, and met it bravely. "'I know I am. dying, doctor, know it well. Iam going to see my little one, where ' no hot, heavy sun, nor toil nor labour can trouble us again. It's very hard to leave you, George, and we are both se young-ao long to wait till we see each other again. Poor George ! " I could hear the grinding of the man's teeth aa he took her hand, but he kept down his sobs manfully still. Only he couldn't trust his voice, but bent down and pressed hi* lips passionately to hers, as the words came faltering forth in tones gradually weak ening. "'Don't draw back the door, doctor,' she , went on, as I moved towards the flap that answered that purpose; 'I don't want to look at those horrid heap* of glaring white pipeolay any more. They haveglared at me all through tke long, lonely days when poor George was hard at work among them, wet and weary, and baby was lying dead In the cruel cemetery, and I was too weak to work, and used to lie and long for George.' "I could tee Rockley's chest hearing under the ooarse blue shirt, but still hs never spoke. " ' Iwould rather hold your hand, darling.' murmured the dying woman, ' and Bee, as I can, oh ! so plainly, the little path running down to the brook behind the vicarage where you first told me you loved me. And the day I went into Canterbury, darling, and saw you on parade, glittering, handsome, bravei And it waa poor loving I who brought all the miaory upon you. Had you never seen me you might still have beon rich and happy. It is good that I am going, my darling ; yonr father will forgive you now, and I can tell baby that his father will never know want again. Ab 1 George, how brave you are 1' "It was just that little word too much. With a courage far greater than would havo been needed for a headlong charge, the hus band had stood by the bedside with hit wife's hand in his, letting her see as little of his grief as he could. But the soft, trembling praise of a show of courage, which waa kept up at snch fearful torture, was the la»t straw, and tho over-burdened oamel' broke down at last. " The features worked convulsively ; tho one hand, free from his wife's clasp, clutched at tho looso necktie round his* throat, and with a sort of swaying motion, indescribably painful to look at, he sank down on his knees by the bodside, his face buried in the counterpane, and his whole frame shaking with sobs. '"Brave, Lilly?/ ha mattered, the words ooming hoarsely up. ' Brave ? I am the veriest coward on earth. I have been a coward all along. It was cowardly of me to marry you to poverty; oowardly of mo to bring you to this hateful country; cowardly of mo to let you know suoh misery, and it is especially cowardly of ma to let. you seo now that when yon are gone I am reckleM for ever, careless alike of wealth or poverty. Darling ! darling ! how mnch have you not to forgive me 1' "The weak, pale hand strove hard to raise tho bended head ; and at last, yielding to the gentle pressure, the weeping man lifted his face, litorally tear-stained, and al lowed tho feeble arm to draw him nearer. " ' Hold me up, George, as you have so often done, and let ma look on your fac» for the lait time. Handsome, darling, as ever. Handsomer to me, darling, than in the days of your bloom, for on it are signs of grief . borne for me. The face I havo so long loved ; the face I have seen in my dreams In the dear old vicarage ; the face that has never worn a frown for me. Bury me in some shady spot, George, if there is one in this hot glaring land ; some spot where the fierce sun may not shine down wifcheringly on my poor head, as it shines on baby'i. And, for my Bake, George, remember poor papa's words, how One passed through far more pain and suffering than we cau imagine, . to make ui happy in eternity. He has taken the little one to Himself; and, whils angel wings aro sheltering it from evil, ho is taking me, and oh, darling ! Ho must take you too. You will not grieve too much, George ; and ! be resigned ; try and aay, ' His will be done,' that we may see each other again. It Is His birthday, George- Christmas day, George and He is taking me to Himself.' " ' His will be done !' muttered Kockley, *o florcsly that the poor, dying girl abso lutely shuddered. ' nia birthday ! taking you to Himself ! Why cannot He leave you with me! If He be good and kind, as you say, why has He persecuted.you to death? why does not He save you now ? Doctor, I shall be a rich man noma day ; even her murderers cannot help that. Save her ; do aomething for her, and I will give you auch a fee-pardon the rudeness of a distracted man-aa you never dreamed-will worship you as higher than the God who leaves hor to die.' "Poor fellow 1 Who could blame him, eren for such words ! Even she only drew him closer to her, and murmured something in his ear. I eould only hear,' You never refused, darling.' Nor will I now, my own ono. I will try-there-" His will be done I" ' "'Thank you, darling. Now, George, let me rest my head on your shoulder. There i* no clergyman here, Georga; but it is Christmas day, and I know that I am going to the God my father preached about the Christmas you came to tho vicarage. Ah, darling, it may be wrong to think of it now, but I can't help it. You won't forget, it, George, or baby, or me.' " I could stand it no longer, but stole gently from the tent, only hearing, as I went, a low murmur of ' Our father.' " I had been outside but a few seconds, Tfhun I was startled by a loud ory. " I ran back, to find Lockley standing in the middle of the tent with his wife's body in his arms. "'Out of my way I' he cried hoarsely. 'Let me pass.' I am going up to the Hall to let them see how the wife of a Lockley has died ! Died, sir, of starvation ! Yes, that's it! She never complained; bat I knew the want of food wa» killing her, and, toward that I was, I spoke of hope and did nothing. Had I begged, borrowed or stole, my darling had not died. Feel her pulse, doctor ; it beats, I'm sure it does, She said, " Dear George, I lore you more than aver," only two seconds ago. She can't be dead. Curse it, sir, stand aside ; call in another doctorif you can do nothing yourself, George Rockley, of Rockley Hall, will pay the heaviest fee you can ask, but she shall nit die.' "1 Novr, Mr. Rockley,' said . woman who bad oom* into the tent, ' do go out andlcATs the poor thing to as. This is no place for yon now.' " The gentleman'* instinct vu stronger even than grief. "With an attempt at cool nom that made me positively sick, he al lowed her to take the dead girl from his arms, and me to lead him from the tent, and his only words, as he threw himself on a bank in his mate's tent, were, 1 His birth day 1 Christmas day! Merry Christmas! a rery merry Christmas, indeed ! !' "We buried her the next day, and Rock Icy stood by the grave, pale as a ghost, but with no signs of a .tear-on his face. - Only whon the earth wa8 shovelled in, and fell hollowly on the rude coftin, he clenched his hand, and looked BO fiercely at the impromptu grave-digger, that the man left off'his task' until the wldowor was out of sight. We went to Melbourne the next day, and in Australia T nerer saw him again * * * But the year before last I dined with Sir George Rockley, in hia country seat- down In Kent. He is not over forty, even now but for all that he sat opposite to me at the table, an old, careworn man. The figure, indeed, was tall and erect as ever, but the hair was thickly strewn with grey, the fore head was soared with wrinkles, and the blue eyes had a wild Bavage look that was not pleasant to gaze on. Over the bloom of beauty the hot iron of grief had passed his ainjily, burning out all the comeliness. '.I never have people bera on thil day, doctor; indeed, I seldom see anyone. I have no heir ; don't want one. And after my death the estate will go to stranger*.' " 'Nice place, iBn't it?' he aaid,with a bitter aneer. ' The rental ia about £10,000 a-year. Not much, perhaps ; but how little a portion would have laved her" life ! Don't say anything, doctor ; 1 have thought It all out long ago. My father even, who has a grand tomb in the Rookley Chancel, died with my forgiving hand in hie. I did it because she asked me, and I live becaute she wished it But of what good iait to me, all thia wealth ? It came too late, doctor too late to keep my love with me, and to me it ia sickening-hateful. Thia day, fourteen years ago, she died in my arms, and now it ia Christmas, jolly old Father Christmas, doctor. Look at the distant village, doctor; there are merry hearta there; look at the wide expanse of field and hill. It is all mine, to do what I please with, and I would give it all, ten times told over, to open the grave at the foot of the Dark Ranges, and take out, Jiving and loving, the form that la mouldering there. But what good is all this? -though you can understand, doctor. Come in ; the firo burns brightly, the wine spar kles in our glasses, my eyes are dim as your*, and it's Christmas-day. Merry Christmas I \- Very merry, indeed !' »*.»?»* " 1 saw him again just before I sailed, and he was breaking fast. Give me down that tumbler, and I think you'll agree that Christ mas is not always merry, even with wealth and land to make it so. Sir George Rock ley, anyhow, would give up all to be able to say in happy earnest, as ho does in blttar jest, that it is TKRT MHKRY, INDBXD !" HERALDIC.-Why is the Scottish lion not to be beliered ? Because he is always a-lyin' on a field of gold; and the Irish emblem is not much better, as it is a lyre too. The English lion and unicorn appear to be the guardians of timber, as they jealously watch over a lot of " quartering." A Scotch jokiat says that" ony soit" of persons can aee the pun, We cannot, aa ytnst do not stand for pung on the Royal Arms, 