TOPICS OF THE DAY. Mr T. Y. Foote, chairman of the Board of Advice of the Emerald Hill State Schools and Mr Whiteman, M,L,A, for Emerald Hill, waited upon Mr Yenables, secretary to the Education Department, this morning, for the purpose of inquiring whether the department would persist in opening the State schools at Emerald Hill, on Monday, as announced, in view of the existence of scarlet fever at the Protestant Orphan Asylum, to which one of tho schools is attached, and the prevalence of the malady in the district generally, Mr Yenables inti mated that the sehools would not be opened on Monday, and probably not till the return of the Ministor of Education to Melbourne. The schooner Isabella, which was wrecked at the Heads on the night of the 4th inat., still remains under water. The captain pro ceeded to the spot this morning with the in tention of getting out and disposing of the cargo, and returning to Melbourne about Wed nesday, when an inquiry into thedisaster will be commenced. The flags at many places of business were half- masted to-day, in consequence of the death of Mr Hogarth, of Gonnell and Hogarth. Imkey and Co, sold at auction this day, the wreck of the schooner Isabella, stran ded at Point Ncpcan. Mr H, Watson bought it for £54, The commissioner of Railways has not taken any action yet in the matter of re letting the Ararat and Hamilton Railway contract, or notifying the acceptance of the tender next in amount to that of Mr. Price who has forfeited. No doubt Mr WoodB will agitate this himself again in Parliament next week. The funeral of the late Mr "William Ho garth will take place to-morrow afternoon. It. is appointed that the cortege will paBS the corner of Flinders and Swanston streets at 3 o'olock. Two respectable lads, named respectively Samuel Crow and Arthur i-errell, were charged, at tbo City Court this morning, with throwing stones in the Fitzroy Gardens. The constable who arrested the boys stated that ho found two shaugliais on them, when ho searched them at the watehhouso, and also a handkerchief full of well-selected pebbles, which were evidently intended for ammunition -for the destruction of the birds in tho Gardens. The bench animad verted very strongly on tho dangerous prac tice of boys throwing stones, which was decidedly on the increase. Tlib boys were fined 10s each, and their fathers were re commended to impress the fact upon their respective lads. It is to bo hoped that tho leniency displayed by the bench will not have the effect of encouraging other young sters to pursue the shanghai nuisance, which, if not stamped out by the strong arm of the law, will most assuredly result in a fatality. A well-dressed man named Charles Peyton was arrested by detectives Potter uu Edel- stone yesterday, on a warrant charging him with passing n valueless cheque. Potter stated that there were about a dozen charges of a similar nature against tho prisoner. Pey ton was remanded to Collingwood to appear on Friday next. Yesterday (says tho Bendigo Advertiser) an"' inquest was hold on the body of the chinamnp whp -was found dead in his bed on Thursday mormii'g at the White HiJls. The evidence gfcreu klmwed that the deceased was much adilWted ty gambling, which was to him an inionso passion. He wns'in partner/ship with three other Ohinmnen. unci the earnings of the four a,t digging was, as one of tliem stated £3 per week. The deceased always spoLf h3 shave of tho money iu " fantan",ai Use Iron- bark Chinese Camp. .Recently in lottery tickets ue hud won about, £29, &t; ho epeou- lateel v.>Hi his winnings nil the deeper, and ns reverses Sellowed fast one upon another he became gloomy mid dte satisfied, arid put an end to his life by swalllowing a doso of opium, " Chat," in the Collingwood Advertiser, tells the following "In "doing" Sorrento, ott New Year's Day, an incident of the early history of that locality was related by one of our friends. In the year 1842, ho was lime- burning at a spot between Point Nepean and Sorrento, filling np his leisure hours with fishing. One day a vessel lay bcealmod in- side tho Heads, waiting for a favorable wind to proceed to sea. On board wns one of the Messrs Hcnty ( to whom the craft belonged), who came on shore and asked our informant to catch a couple of crayfish for him, promising him ten shillings for his trouble. Our in formant scon caught three or four and took them on board, hut declined tho money, say ing that he only fished for amusement, Mr Hcnty suggested that the " boys" on shore would not object to a drink, and our infor mant din't ihink tbey would ; so he took back with him a bucket-full of rum. The limeburners held a grand corroborie that night, and some of them went to their huts completely saturated with rum. One of them (who lived in a hut by himself), in a fit of delirium, sot fire to a lot of axe handles nnil other articles stored in his place, and our in formant was roused by the commotion thus caused. His hut was at some distance from the one in flames, and when running towards it, lie observed the occupant scrambling over the loose stone wall through the burning roof. He got ont, ran round the hut, and then dash ed in by the door. He came out again, and was in tho act of once more throwing him self into the flames when caught by onr inform ant, yhosnys thata stream of flame was blaz ing out of the man's mouth! — one of those cases of combustion we somctimeshcnr about. The man died somehours afterwards, aud our iuforpiant declares that he never thiuks of that night's rum carouse without the fearful spectacle of the burning man vividly recur ring to his miud's eye." From our advertising columns it will be seen that the old-established firm of Ander son and Sandilnnds, has been dissolved, and that the Hon. R. 3. Anderson has entered into partnership with Mr William D. Groker. The style of the firm in future will be Ander son and Croker. As will be seen by an advertisement in another column, Abe Hickin the celebrated Boxer, has opened the Melbourne Gynasium, 38 Bourke street west. The hall was occu- pied by Professor Miller previous to his de- parture for America, and is fitted up complete with gymnastic appliances, dumb bells, Indinn clubs, a roped ring, shower bath, &e;, Wo havo received descriptive notes on "Papuan Plants" by Baron Ferdinand Vou Mueller, No. 1. The pamphlet is undoubtedly valuable to photographers, but to the general public is slightly mystifying. Tho Melbourne ' correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser writes ; — Notwith standing the qualified contraction in yesterday's Argus and the unqualified denial in the Daily Telegraph of the statment respeeing Sir James M'CulIoch's intention as so new State school buildiugs which appeared in my lcttcrof Tuesday evening, I have every reason to believe that, with the exception of a possible mistake with regard tothenumber of draughtsmen whose services have been dispensed with'tlie paragraph in question is substantially coirect tt liuu wuuiu (icuyic uu hi uiiu way ul ux posing their grievances if they had not the columns of the public Press open to them, asks the Sydney Echo. Many a dormant genius has awakened itself to making an attempt to display the grand creative power that lay nascent within only from forwarding an effusion to the benignant editor wbo gave it insertion. What topic is too grand or too insignificant for publication in this manner ? The state of the public finances, the position of the Great Powers, the hypocrisy of the parish bellringer, the larrikins (oh, staple subject I), the mnd in the back lane, the blow on the nose which the correspondent very nearly received when he interfered in a free fight, and so on. What the exact redress is which will be brought about by tliis'beld ventilation of opinion, the writer, in nine cases ont of ten, is not prepared to avouch ; hut there ib a dignity in type. Caxton when he first discovered the art of printing could hardly himself have been conscious of the vast field he was opening up in all directions to aspirants after fame. How delightful a thing it is to find your opinions published to the world. You meet a friend and engage him in conversation. " By-the-bye," you carelessly remark, "that's an extremely sensible letter in this morning's Thunderer—- that one, I mean, about the uni form of the railway officials. You haven't seen it? Well, I thinh I have tho paper in my pocket." Singularly enough, yon have ; you open it, you double it up to the exact circumference, you display the letter, you watch with glowing eyes its effect upon the victim. Then comes the triumph — '"Twns I, sir ; alone I did it.'" That is fame. It was, we (Sydney Evening News) pre sume, purely in his private capacity as genial gentleman and noble sportsman, and not by any means in his public character as King of the Ring, that the Sydney cricketers are said to have been " entertained by Mr Joseph Thompson at Don Juan House." Otherwise that delicate little attention to our conquering heroes might have given rise to more uncharitable remark, as in curious confirmation of tho rumored exten sion of the " Ring's" operations to the cricket-field, which lias given us all so much concern. Don Juan House — so called after u defunct racehorse — is the palatial private residence of the big bookmaker, and if ho likes to entertain dis tinguished strangers there in semi- royal style, we suppose if the distinguished strangers have no objection no one else need complain. Still the Sydney cricketers in Melbourne might, we think, have declined the Don Juan House entertainment with advantage. They were the representatives of the cricketers of the colony, some of whom may fairly object to accept as a " noble patron" even the sporting proprietor of Don Juan House. Mr Joseph Thompson is of the turf turfy, and as such might per haps " entertain" with propriety his Excel lency and tho rest of the " Sydney contin gent" at the next Melbourne meeting. But as the head of the betting fraternity, we don't like him entertaining Sydney cricketers, though they be each and all in that respect " angels unawares," Tho " kinchin lay" appears to have be come acclimatised in Melbourne, A little boy, named John Kelly, about 4 years of age, residing at the corner of Kent and Moorc.streets, Fitzroy, on Thursday last was met by a woman, who took a bundlo of clothes from him, wbiuh ha. wag carrying to the mangle.; The value of the clothes was 28b. The mendicant profession wculd appear to havo struok oil, by enlisting the sym pathies of the charitably inclined Melbourne public, wbo have been still further called upon lo unloose tboir purse strings of late by reason of the bereavements amongst tho poorest portion of the community owing to the decimating effects of the prevailing epidemic— scarlet fever. This morning, an elderly woman named Margaret Kennedy, wns arrested by tho Uarlton police on a charge of obtaining money by means of false pretences. Mrs Kennedy in alleged to have represented herself ns being a widow in destitute oireiiqistances, jaer lone condition being to) a still greater ex- ' tent, augmented by -the fact that she lias two littlo children lying \- at home dead from tho ravages of the aforesaid malady. It is stated that Mrs Kennedy is npl; a widow, but a married wprnim, tewing a largo family of chridrcn, who am fcrtunately settled in life, and doing well. Mrs Kennedy was this morning remanded by Air Start -tjupicl, and will an swer the charge on llonuay morning. In tbo Emerald lIHj rolico Court this owning, J muss "Walsh, a carter ul; North jparlioii, ivn'i prosuairtud by .the police, for catting doi?u trees, with intent to sicnl, under the 94th section of the, Police Offences Statute, on the property of Mr Gob. Godfrey, solicitor, Brighton road, Albert . Park. The g defendant was found iuthe act with a horse jj and dray on the 27th of December, 1875. The jj bench fined the defendant £3 with £2 2s fi damages for the value of tho tree and £1 Is E costs. The defendant asked for a month's | time to pay to which Mr Godfrey consented Ij saying he would prefer his disclosing where I t the whole of the timber had boon carted to. Rather an amusing incident o icnrred the other day in a hotel not far from Armstrong street (says the Ballarat Star). A certain yonng professional man, who hnd been absent from Ballarat for some time, returned and found, greatly to his disappointment, that a lady to whom he had been previously been paying his nddresses hnd, during his absence, gotj married, Ab the disappointed lover continued his soft nothings to tho annoyance'of the lady," tho tatter's husband was compelled to chastise tho intruder, who has for several days worn rather a dejected look- An evening or two since the youug fellow in question was fouud standing boforo a handsome mirror in the hotel with a revol ver in his hand, apparently taking deliberate aim at his own reflection. The parties who discovered the disappointed one in the altti- ude described, quickly wrested the revolver from him aud probably saved the mnrclr from being smashed to pieces. When asked thereason.why he contemplated damaging property, the genius stated that he wisho.i to take a good aim at kimself so as to end his miserable life. This evening will be the last appearance of the St. Yincent Gem Combination nt the Apollo Hall. Mrs St. Vincent's magic is worth seeing. Of the pantomimes, what can be said, ex cept that thoy aro nightly witnessed by large audiences and appear to bo in for a long run. The Fakir of Oolu is about to unfold now wonders to tho public of Melbourne this evening, and it is questionable whether any j of the marvels he has already given to us are equal to what wo will behold to-night. The programme to-night will be indeed n monBter one. The great feature of the evening will be the Falls of Niagara, an effect which has cost the manage ment one thousand pounds. From what we learn of it, it la incomparablo. There will | also be produced the Haunted Forest, the | Talking Hand (young Silvester's clever veil- | triloquial act which astonishes everyone), | the Aerial Suspension, the ever welcome and everchanging Fairy Fountain, tho new ghost story, tho Death Warning or the Miser's Dream, and the spectral pautominc of Sinbad the Sailor. Air Rainer aud the Fakir deserve the support of the public for their efforts to supply novelty. 