DICKY'S GHOST. By Judge Ciabke. Dicky had drawn the first prize—not by a vote of " The Fat Men's Club," but at the Country Fair; for Dicky was only a swine of surpassing fatness. He belonged to Squire Wiggins, of wlios© heart he was the pride. His stye was like a parlor; and no bar ber ever took more pains with the locks of a customer than the squire did with Dicky's bristles to beep them nice and sleek. A trough of savory slop always stood in the corner, and a tempting ear of corn was ever under Dicky's nose. Had Dicky's fattening powers been with out limit, he might still have been spared to waddle along life's pathway. But he reached his maximum at last. Not another' ounce could be added to his weight, and it was only waste of feed to try- Any day he might fall into a decline, and bring disgrace upon his name. Death before dishonor was Dick3''s master's motto and he was determined that Dicliy should die an honored hog, by dying at the zenith of his fatty glory. The countryside flocked to see Dicky butchered. Even Old Whopples, the school master, let out school, that he, too, might come and have his guess at the weight. Of course, Dick Slathers and his brother Seth j were there. They never missed an oppor tunity of minding other people's business. " Isn't he a sniptious shote ?" cried Dick Slathers, with enthusiasm, bestriding the body of his namesake, whom he had claimed the honor of " stieldng," and holding up the bloody knife as Brutus, senior, did the dagger when he harangued the excited Roman populace. And a real beauty Dicky was. When he had been soused in hot water, scraped, | dressed, and gambrelled, his skin looked as fair and smooth as a lady's. His tusks shone like ivoiy, and the depth of lard on Ms ribs exceeded the wildest expectation, as his heft did the most extravagant guess. " I s'pose you never got no hint o' who stole Dicky's brother last year, the night after he was butchered?" inquired Dick Slathers, when all was over, and the parting glass was passing around. No, the squire never had. " I'd take better keer this time," Dick advised. " And so I shall," said the squire. " You see, I let the other one hang out over night to cool, and next morning he was gone. But when it gets dark, Fll take Dicky to the barn and cover him up in a box. Nobody 11 think of looking for him there." "But ye can't well tote him yerself, squire," Dick suggested. "Now here's me'n Seth, we'd jest as leave stay'n help." The squire expressed his thanks, and accepted the proferred aid. So the other neighbors left, and Dick and his brother re mained. After a snack and a chat, and a glass of " something," the Squire, Dick, and Seth, as the evening shadows fell, bore Dicky's remains, now still and cold, to the barn, and laid them in the box the Squire had' spoken of, covering them with a winding sheet of straw. Then they returned to the house, and after another chat, and a little " somethin" more, Dick and Seth bade the Squire good night, and trudged off to their bachelor h&me.; At the 6till hour of twelve, two stealthy figures approached the Squire's back barn door. In them a spectator might have recognised the Slathers brothers. Noiselessly they entered. " Here he is, all right," whispered Dick, approaching the box—a moonbeam, which had penetrated through a crack, failing at the moment on the end of Dicky's snout, which protruded from the straw. " Come," said Seth, "let's take a hold and be off." It was a weary hour's work Dick had, before the box containing their booty was safely deposited on their cabin floor. " Whew! puffed Seth, wiping the per ■ Epilation from his brow, visions of future flitch and gravy floating through his fancy. ." Now for a peep at the darling!" He struck a light, and was about to pull away the straw when, with good swinish accent—" Oigh! oigh ?" came from the box. " What's that ?" exclaimed Dick. " Dog my cat if I don't believe he's alive cried Seth. " Pshaw! that can't be," returned the other. " Didn't I stick him myself, besides seeing all the witals took out on him ?" " Oigh! oigh! oigh!" still louder from the box. The two men started back, their hair standing as stiff as Dicky's bristles ever did. <£ I—I've hearn it said thebeasts hev sperits as well as humans," stammered Seth, through his chattering teeth. " So've I," replied Dick, in a scared tone; "an' why mayn't a hog hev a ghost as well's a Christian ?" Another "oigh! oigh! oigh!" was fol lowed by a loud squeal, the exact counter part of-that which poor Dicky had uttered when Dick plunged the butchery knife into his throat. The brothers stayed to hear no more, but darted for the woods as fast as their legs would carry them. The straw was thrust aside, and, with a hearty chuckle, Squire Wiggins sprang from the box, holding Dicky's head, the only part of him there present, by one ear. Without delay the squire left the cabin, carrying the detached head along with him. It was broad daylight before either Dick or Seth ventured to return. When they did, and saw no vestige of Dicky, nothing but the box in which they would have sworn they had lugged his weighty carcase such a weary length, their belief in the ghost was more than ever confirmed. Many a night after were their slumbers disturbed by dreams of unearthly " oighs! oighs *" One day without note of claim Squire Wiggins sued the two Slathers before a brother Justice. The summons didn't state on what the demand was based. It was a coincidence, however, that the sum claimed was exactly that to which Dicky's lost brother would have amounted at the market price per pound. Dick and Seth appeared, and protested stoutly, that they never " owed the Squire nothin." _" Let the plaintiff put in his proofs,'1 directed the magistrate. " Oigh! oigh! oigh !" was the answer. The _ defendants exchanged glances. A new light seemed to break upon their memories; for, after a short whispered conference, they confessed judgment. It was not till long after that the explana tion came of how the Squire had won Ms case so easily. A young lady who was rebuked by her mother for kissing her intended, justified the act by quoting the passage, " Whatsoever ye would thjat men should do unto you, do you even so to them;" 