Iv, as no doubt Web the case, the special friends and. adherents of the Ministry calculated thai "a veriy palpable hit" in their favour was' to be nade by the speech which theo Attnrneyeneral was selected to deliver at Kiam .weteuspect that they may have experiMcd, sotpo foeliig of disappointment, If, again, among those who figured prominently at the opening of the basin, there was one to whose ease the confession of Falstaff was adnpted,-then,;pn the cn. derstanding that the prooeeeof usinifi. cation was his own work, teiv think that person was the one moat nqorly quali.' fleod to any-likewise w?itli aPtaff "Indeed, I amt in the waipt;two yards about," 'Te speoeh assigned to Mr, DaIley in the S. 11 He',orl, where it will, of course, be read b hose who throughout the colony in eai noral fool saliaiorit'lnteret in the rntttor, differs more of lees'tro em that.wblih hoeattielly delivered 1t' it is publisie 'i, have good reason to' beliheo, in' the .form' which beat 'pleased ' Mr. Dalloy, As neither the faction of thoe ýl nor the foction of the oets seams tho is to be en. titled tormuoh preference over the other, we can spe(ak imnpartially 'vw c we say that the speebh is in our ofination sin gularly destitute of judgment and good taete, andeingularly well furp med with the very opposite of th9 tualities, The Attorney'General paes , bealieovr, for a wi?t,an well us for a fhtyalker: and persons reading the roeport,,and oh. serving how often the notes of combined "cheers'aen'd laughter" oconi', will pro bahbly credit' the Kien'i people, or rather the geosi' is t the notable dinner, with a remarkable' deloriniiatiniY to reoiignio the quality 'of wit in tle lterneoo ,of it person reputed to poeisess it, TIhe luecith, i !tti ; t , ri! io pi tti l iew a frotil,'y atnd allotod o?` uridiin, may he d vidled into two tivtrly quoal1 pi he?rt, "l 'firtt'i, personal. attiack u'n, M' Pttk.kai-,tlih socund I amitiiesitl?, ac(count of the pre: sent state of ithe colony; . This' Inst waie road biy Mr ,Dolllpy ufroc ,po0oiporit previor t ly properoi antt ll the, reator part of one y po' o'tf ct i'ely 'printed columns of the lHerald : That atty.. a alinlid oh tuch an ouiiasioo hifllct ion hil holrers a, mass of i figuris likb titi?' (whether coolckd or t not for his 'pui pl; is of little unseogiinii ei) wiitiet ,?g regarded its ane iiiolnrblo ibore, is w at to atin nman 'Houlhi ex Imooet, Did ,Mi', ;Dlley iumagine that qnyliudy wiuldifotil nt all obliged to him fur dotnilln 'tli6+&' tiieters P Are they, notwr(ittion the blo hoolit i' f 001 ol)byQ,' . iwAvyrt had Mr. Dailey done nothing more0 1h this, it might have been condoned as a' toere examnple of defective taste and judgment: . ' AXnd. on the whole, lees serious is the . offence, To tire our patience than mislead our sense." But Mr. Dalley's attack on Mr. Parked -a portion of it, at least,-was inll. nitely more discreditable. Hle ini?t, indeed, bhove boeen bursting for an op portunity of avenging himself on his old einiiy, whieli hi; com 'liitel-i6lioi'tfrii." geous indiscretion of making any allu sion to what he calls " that dilapidated old Fenian spirit,'' &o.; The .people-of this district have fur several years past been from time to time insulted by syits (?) and politicians' of Mr. Dailldy's' stamp, with the mention of a thing balled the Kiama Ghost, a goblin whose ipvention, we believe, is due mcore to Mr. Dalley himself than to any other person. Does Mr. Dalley think hirse'lf entitled ,to triumph over Mr. Parkes in the mat. tar pf the Kiama Ghost ? Thefb liaive 'als sys, doubtless, been a certain .iumn: number.of persons in Kiama by~whoio the shameless representations and false. hoods circulated in reference to this affair by himself and his set, have been readily and eagerly accepted : ud these we dare say were fairly represented among those who listened to him on this occasion, as he might very well' guess. But the facts of the cease are known in Kiama; and without earing whether these remarks are read beyond the area of our usual circnulation or not, we will bring them to the recollection of our readers. What did Mr. Parkes say on the cocasion which furnished. Measrs. Dalley and Co. with the grounds for so much wretched caricature and so much soandalous falsehood ? Simply this, that in his bilief the attempt on the life of the Duke of Edinburgh was 'the 6e. s~uit of a oonspirady. .,We a're not c.bo-i cerned to vindicate Mr. Parkes's veracity:, butwe maintain that it was and is,,in theavery nature of things, more probiable than not thiat thereowas a conspiracy It there are Any'a?iong our readers who (to go no further), vere'in the habit of glancing through the Freeman's 'Jour-' nal during a number of years before the orime in question wgsipsrpptrated;.they pill probably agree that suchb a conspi" racy.-among those who were: habitually influenced by-that- journal, was compa. r.atively a small thing to expect or to credit, Mr. Parkea, then Colonial So orotary, having said what we have men?. tioued, his,, words were straightway ridiculed, denied, diatorted, exaggerated by his particular enemies, and by those who wished to curry fiavour with that section of the population tp.which Mr. Dailey belongs. Mr. Dailey was be. lieved at that time, and no doubt cor; really, to have much to do with the conduct of the 'Sydney Panelsh ;' and h' does nst hesitate 'to boast of his nc. qgtainttnce with matters concorning de. mcons, witbches, ghosts, and the like. Accordingly, there forthwith appeared in Punoed' a cartoon reprpsouting M1;. Parkees aisa wicked magso:q,.oonjurmng up abhorrible ap[arition bo p an ati. dience in which the people of Kiama were represented bfi; number of"'spty skulls," Of onurse, it now suits' 'AMr. Dalley to speak in, somewhat different terms of pearsnns.whom he wishes to be. lieve favourable to himself and -hie colleagues. But it is anot surprisingthmat he should still feel sore on the subject of the conspiracy; far he cannot fil to remember how, when the matter became a subject of parliamentary'inquiry, the result, so far as the verdict of the As. sonibly end the publio was concernedd, oexhibited the so.to omp.ettduiiphi:;for Mr. Parkes, and unbounded humilation thfr Measrs. Dalley; Maaleiy aid Co,. We 'never thought to recaur to'th'e~se matters again, though we' mike no tafoantation of wishing toforgot' them. But the brazen complaceuoy and the in' ferontial falsehood which chairaaterised Mr. - Dalley's - s'peol, make it im pocsiblo to avoid the topic. Mr. Parkes has since that time been guillty' of follies enough, which, if public dinnere muist be made thesoeue of poli. ticael wrangling, were fair game for Mr,. Dalley. The Attorney.Geuneral thinks that ghostly politicins .oo'ming out' of their graves to sow dissension,. &c;,. "' ought to be banished fromin this l"vely place." lftheo people of Kiasba are of the same mnod,'thev may well, in aspro.' per modiflcatlon of Bully..Bottom's words, 'say 'to thies "domonologloal" tiilker-" We 'shall, aslro' you of 'ci 'mars ' cqumliintranue, .. genii" 'm~iiz 