Miscellanea. THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE ON DOGMATIC INSTRUC . TION IN CHRISTIAN TRUTHS. We are happy in being able to present to our readers the following paper on the above subject, read by the Lord Bishop at a clerical meeting at Tunbridge Wells on the 1 6th June : — The subject on which I have been requested to address you is, ' Our Duty in these Critical Times, with Special Reference to Dog matic Instruction in Christian Truth.' The reason why these times are described as 'critical' I may assume to be, not any unprece dented extent of luxury and worldliness among the higher, nor any increase of ungodliness and vice among the lower classes of the com munity ; but the extraordinary rise and growth during the last few years of that open antagonism to revealed and even natural religion on the one hand, and those false doctrines, superstitious practices, and aesthetic accompaniments of public worship on the other, which are respectively known as Rationalism and Ritualism. My remarks, therefore, will have a special reference to these peculiar character istics of the present day ; and I shall submit to you, in very plain and simple language, my own opinions as to our duty in respect to them. The subject may be considered in three aspects — as it relates to our own peace of mind and growth in grace ; as it relates to the maintenance in the true faith and the spiritual edification of the people committed to our charge ; and as it relates to the benefit of the church at large. But, first of all, I would premise that it behoves us not to exaggerate the evils of the age in which we live, or think that some strange thing has happened unto us. All that infidel philosophy, that perversion of the Scriptures, that sacerdotalism and æstheticism, which so greatly distress and alarm the faithful servants of the Lord, seem to me nothing more than was to be expected from tbe efforts of Satan to counteract the gracious working of the Spirit of God. Until the close of the last century the Church of Christ (I mean the visible church) throughout this country was in a state of spiritual lethargy, and Satan, we may believe, would have been content that it should remain in that condition ; for, while the mass of the people of all classes pro fessed to believe the Bible — and there was little open denial of the truth of Christianity — the sacred volume of the Scriptures was almost unknown, and the fundamental doctrines of the gospel formed no part of men's religious belief. Moreover, while the clergy claimed no undue spiritual authority, they exercised no real spiritual influence ; while the public services were free from all admixture of superstition, they were destitute of all devotional fervour ; while cathedrals and parish churches exhibited no meretricious ornamentation, their bare and comfortless, and often dilapidated condition, evinced the little care which the people had for divine things. There was no acute spiritual disease, because there was no active spiritual life in the church. But when the Spirit of God began to arouse men from their stupor ; when the clergy began to preach the gospel, and the people to be moved by the new doctrines proclaimed to them ; and congre gational worship became the utterance of their hearts, and the Bible found its way into all schools and cottages — then Satan could no longer leave matters to go on as they were. He must exert him self to maintain his own. Since he could no longer keep religion out of the minds of men, he must endeavour either to destroy its authority or to pervert its character. Accordingly he stirred up some to argue from the inducting of a false philosophy or a partial criticism that the Bible was untrustworthy, and Christianity a cunningly devised fable ; while he filled others with a zeal for God, but not according to knowledge, causing them to build upon the one foundation — Jesus Christ — a worthless superstructure of wood, hay, and stubble ; making them to believe the words of Christ, which He declared to be spirit and life, to mean a literal eating of His flesh and drinking of His blood in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper ; and persuading them that costly buildings, and beautiful music, and flowers, and lights, and processions, and gaudy vestments, and bows and crosses, would render their worship acceptable unto God. All these are to be regarded as devices to which Satan has had recourse, for withstanding, if it were possible, the enlightening and sancti fying influence which the Holy Spirit had been graciously putting forth throughout the length and breadth of the land. Now, although a time when such an open conflict between the powers of light and darkness is waging may properly be called critical, yet it is far more hopeful than one characterised by spiritual lethargy. It is far better that some should become avowed infidels and others slaves of superstition, some the zealous teachers of false doctrine and others their deluded followers, than that all should continue in a state of stolid indiffer ence, and religion be wholly banished from their thoughts. Painful therefore as is the warfare now raging between truth and falsehood, between a pure and an adulterated gospel, between a spiritual and a sensual service, the state of the church at the present day is not such as to make us hane: down our heads, and walk on gloomily in the apprehension of coming evil. On the contrary, our duty is to cherish a cheerful confidence towards God, to note the many tokens of the Lord's loving- kindness, and to believe that He will bruise Satan under our feet shortly. Thus shall we be strong in the Lord, our hearts shall be kept stayed upon Him ; and under the teaching and in the power of the Holy Ghost, we shall perceive and know what things we ought to do, and also shall have grace and strength faithfully to fulfil the same. Concerning our duty in these critical times, with relation to our peace of mind, &c;, I would observe, first, that if we are at all troubled about any of the various questions of doctrine and wor ship which are matters of controversy among those around us, it behoves us to search the Scriptures, with prayer for the teaching of the Holy Spirit, in order that our minds may become thoroughly settled concerning them ; but when we have become fully satisfied, then to put them all away, as much as possible, out of our thoughts. I say, search the Scriptures, for from them alone, and not from any ancient father or modern divine, we must learn the revealed will of God. To them our Lord and His apostles always referred, and out of them He replied to every temptation of Satan. Our duty, therefore, in respect to every particular question is to inquire, ' What saith the Scripture?' and, if the matter be of importance, to persevere in our inquiry until the Spirit has enabled us to find a satisfactory answer. But when we have found that answer, and our own minds are at rest about them, we ought not to be thinking con tinually about matters of controversy, which are unprofitable and vain, to the exclusion as it must be of higher and nobler thoughts, whereby we might become more filled with the knowledge of the will of God, in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. Our tendency to think and talk about the infidelity and false doctrine and supersti tion now prevalent in this country, appears to me a trait of our corrupt nature which Satan uses most effectually for retarding our spiritual growth, and interrupting our communion with God in Christ. I would, therefore, unhesitatingly say, in respect to questions on which our minds are settled, it behoves us, with a view to our own peace and growth in grace, never to let them occupy our thoughts, and never to speak about them except with the distinct object of instructing or cautioning others. I would observe, secondly, that it behoves us not to cherish in our hearts an uncharitable feeling towards those whom Satan is employ ing to corrupt men from the simplicity that is in Christ, but to com passionate them for the delusion they are under, and to pray for them that they may be delivered out of it. That disposition which is natural to us all to regard with something like personal hatred any whom we look upon as propagators of error and super stition, is altogether contrary to the mind of Christ. Our Divine Master would have us to mourn for rather than be angry with them ; to believe whatever we can of good concerning them, and to bear them upon our hearts as the Apostle Paul bare the unbelieving Jews before the Throne of Grace. We should also beware of the sin against which our Lord warns His disciples of judging others, and so putting ourselves in the place of God, to whom all judgment belongs. It will suffice to have said this much of our duty with a view to our own spiritual well-being. I pass on to the consideration of our duty in these critical times with relation to the maintenance in the true faith and the spiritual edification of the people committed to our charge. This naturally divides itself under the two heads of our public ministrations and our private intercourse. Concerning our duty in our public ministrations, my deliberate opinion is that we are bound more than ever to proclaim and urge upon the conscience and hearts of those to whom we preach all the principles of Christian truth, in the confidence that now, as formerly, the preaching of the gospel, although it may be to some a stumbling block, and to others foolishness, will always prove unto them that are called the power of God unto salvation. That the old story has lost aught of its convincing and converting efficacy is a groundless assertion of philosophic infidels. That story is still the good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people ; and of this we have, lately had fresh evidence in the wonderful effect which the preaching of it in simplicity and earnestness, without any charms of human eloquence has produced in London and other great cities of our land. The question, however, which .many will be disposed '?; to ask is — Are the clergy called upon in their sermons ; to defend the faith against the various attacks which have recently been made upon it, and to bring under the special attention of their congrega tions the false doctrine and superstitious usages of the present day ? My reply is — The pulpit is not, in my opinion, except on very special occasions, the proper place for entering into matters of controversy —not, however, that such matters should be left altogether unnoticed. From time to time, when the subject of the sermon furnishes an occasion, they should be incidentally alluded to ; but, according to my judgment, the preacher should only point out their unreasonable ness, contrariety to the Scriptures, silliness, or dangerous tendency, as the case may be, briefly and forcibly, and not go into a lengthened argument upon them. If the state of opinion in a parish appear to the clergyman to require that a public address shall be delivered on. some particular subject on which the minds of his people are dis turbed, I would prefer that such an address should bein the form of a lecture at a meeting called for the purpose, rather than of a sermon at an ordinary church service. For this, be it observed, he is per sonally responsible to God, and he cannot transfer his responsibility to another. The principle to be kept in mind in public as well as in private worship is distinctly laid down by our Lord — 'God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in 'spirit and in truth.' All the arrangements for divine service must therefore be made with a view to rendering it a spiritual service ; a service of real earnest prayer, and praise, and thanksgiving. May I venture to say to a company of my brethren in the ministry that this appears to be too much lost sight of, even by some of the Lord's faithful servants at the present time. From a desire to make the services in their church attractive, clergymen are apt to overlook the danger of rendering them less spiritual. I refer particularly to the practice, now so common, of superseding the responses of ' the people' by the trained utterances of the choir, usually consisting of persons hired for the purpose. _ Hereby, as appears to me, not only are the injunc tions of the rubric violated, but the minds of devout worshippers are disturbed, and the name of God is continually — I might almost say systematically — taken in vain. That music is a very Valuable acces sory to public worship, and that pains should be taken to render it as effective as possible for its proper object, probably no one of us will deny ; but what I contend for is that it ought not to be introduced into parts of our services for which it is not appropriate, and that it ought always to be of a character suited for congregational worship. In these critical times it behoves us not to attempt to compete with our Eitualistic adversaries (for such they are) in rendering divine service attractive to the natural man. Our duty is, not to draw men to the worship of God by providing therein for the gratification of the senses, but, by using all means for calling forth the spiritual affec tions and emotions of the heart, to assist those who come to worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness, and make them feel that it is good for them to be there. With regard to divine service, it is also important for us to observe thedistinction between what is, as to principle, a matter of perfect indifference — and therefore may be settled as shall appear most expe dient on the ground of convenience or conformity to the wishes of those to whom we are bound to have respect — and what is super stitious, and therefore altogether indefensible. Of the first kind is the preaching in a surplice, which is in many cases convenient, and quite unobjectionable. Of the second is turning to the east in the saying of a creed, for which no good reason can be assigned, and which is, to say the least, a silly, unmeaning practice. In my judg ment our duty is, when circumstances seem to require it, to wear the surplice in the pulpit, but on no account whatever to adopt the latter custom. _ One more remark before I pass on. It is plainly our duty to avoid giving occasion of complaint to those who seek for occasion against us, and therefore we are bound to observe as strictly as possible the directions of the church in our Book of Common Prayer, and to avoid committing any irregularity by which our adversaries might gain an advantage over us. It behoves us to set them an example of unreserved obedience to the law, even although we may find some things which it enjoins to be inconvenient, or think them to be inex pedient. Concerning a clergyman's private intercourse with his people, I would observe that in these critical times we ought to note the first signs of a tendency in any toward either Rationalism or Ritualism, and to take an opportunity of pointing out to them'how inconsistent with the written word of God are the particular tenets or precepts which they seem disposed to adopt ; being careful, however, not to stir up the spirit of opposition, and especially refraining from harsh language respecting any persons whose opinions to the contrary may have undue weight with them. Except in cases where such a ten dency exists, the wiser course appears to me to avoid introducing controversial subjects in conversation ; but if spoken to upon them, plainly to express his opinion, and his reasons for that opinion. ?; To the question — How ought we to deal with a -Rationalist or Ritualist, when brought into direct contact with one ? -I would ariswer-r-^ ' Do not argue with him. To do. so would, I believe, almost surely prove utterly futile, for argument serves only, as the poet Cowper. has observed, to confirm an opponent in his own opinions. Sometimes it may be useful to the listeners to it ; but seldom, if ever, does it produce conviction in a person engaged in it. Hence the admonition or the apostle to Timothy that he should avoid, i.e. refrain from dis? puting about ' foolish and unlearned questions, knowing that,' &c.; There is, however, a mode of gaining an influence upon men whose minds Satan has blinded, and, by the help of the Holy Ghost, open ing their eyes that they may discern the truth. And this is indicated in the apostle's further instructions to his beloved disciple: 'The servant of the Lord,' he adds, ' must not strive, but be gentle,'. &c.; Our duty therefore is to try by the manifestation of these essentially Christian graces, gentleness, patience, and meekness, to gain the ear of any one whom we desire to convert, and then to instruct him in the truth. .The task is undoubtedly a difficult one, but we should not therefore, when God gives us the opportunities, shrink from under taking it ; for we may be assured, that, if we enter upon it in faith, ?keeping always in mind the apostle's directions, we shall be able at the last, notwithstanding, it may be, many failures, to give thanks ?unto God for the amount of success which He has vouchsafed to. us. .;. '? There. still remains to be considered our duty with relation to the. 'benefit of the church at large. This I regard as twofold : to unite, cordially with one another in the use of all right means for, exposing the devices of Satan, and for promoting the cause of. truth and godliness ; and also to meet the adversaries of the truth, in any area where there is afforded us a field for fair discussion,, The duty of all who love the Lord to strengthen one another's hands by agreement in prayer, by mutual counsel, and by hearty, co-operation in carrying out such plans as may be determined iupon. for the defence of the truth and the extension of. the kingdom of Christ, appears so clear that I need not enlarge upon lit. I would only remind you of what Malachihas told us concerning ithe remnant of devout Jews in his day — ' When they feared that,','. ;&c.; (iii. 16, 17). Plain, however, as the duty of speaking one to another is, I fear that not a few, from one cause or another, neglect, ! it, and so practically isolate themselves, to their own loss, of ?strength and comfort, and to the injury of the church. Upon t/he, expediency of meeting the adversaries of the truth whenever they offer us the opportunity of free discussion, there prevails, I believe, considerable difference of opinion among the Lord's people. For myself, I have never had any doubt concerning it. A public dis cussion differs from an argument with an individual ; and. when carried on, as we may expect it will be, with good temper and Christian courtesy, instead of stirring-up strife, it tends to promote mutual kindliness in those who are honestly opposed to one another. Moreover, the arguments in defence of the truth, will, We may assume, be more weighty than those against it, and therefore cannot but sway the minds of many hearers and readers whom they would meet in no other way, and who had previously been deceived by the plausible reasonings and misrepresentations of its assailants. I do not know of any means of refuting the erroneous statements, and correcting the misapprehensions, which are so common respecting the character, opinions, and practices, of those who are called ' the Evangelicals,' so effectually as an open disputa tion in the face of the world. We may think ourselves sometimes unfairly treated on these occasions, but even if we have real cause of complaint on this ground, we ought not to be unduly troubled on account of it ; for while we are faithful to our Divine Master, the conduct of a particular chairman or committee cannot do the, cause of truth any permanent injury. Only let us be careful, with God's grace, never to give our opponents any just cause of offence, but always set them an example of forbearance and self- control, and. not be provoked to speak unadvisedly with our lips. Thus shall we both be approved of God, and also commend ourselves to the con sciences of all who hear us. Besides these, there is another duty which you may wonder that I have not already mentioned, but which I have postponed noticing, because it does not seem to come properly within any of the divisions which I have adopted for the arrangement of my remarks. It belongs equally to all, having relation alike to ourselves individually, to the people committed to our ministerial charge, and to the church gene rally. It is our duty, in these critical times especially, to manifest the practical efficiency of the truths we are contending for in our character and lives. It behoves us all, my brethren, to show the Rationalist that our belief in the God of the Bible— in a reconciled Father, a crucified and risen Saviour, a quickening and sanctifying Spirit — makes us not only devout worshippers, but also kind and friendly neighbours ; not only holy, but happy ; that it makes us frank and manly, generous and obliging, good-tempered and cheerful. It behoves us to beware of giving any one cause to say that the evangelical clergy are mean- spirited and narrow-minded, gloomy, and morose. Again, it behoves us all to show the world that we are not inferior toany Ritualist in real sanctity of life, self-denying diligence in our, ministry, and zeal for the salvation of sinners. It cannot be denied — God forbid that we should should wish to deny — that many of those, who, as we believe, are corrupting the minds of men from the simplicity that is in Christ, do nevertheless exhibit very great fervour of devotion, are very laborious in the fulfilment of their duties, and. manifest much earnestness in their exertions to deliver those who are in bondage to the devil. It behoves, therefore, not to suffer ourselves to be surpassed by them, but be stirred up by their example to take heed every one of us to the ministry that we have received of the Lord that we fulfil it to His glory. I have now almost finished the task which your committee has imposed upon me. You will observe that I have not spoken to you . with any excellency of speech, nor aimed at displaying any origin ality of thought, but have simply submitted to. you the ideas which have suggested themselves to my mind, and which may probably have. occurred tpjall of you who have reflected on the important practical subject proposed for, our discussion. I am happy to think that my reverend brother, who is to address you further upon it will, particu larly with ' reference to '-dogmatic instruction in Christian truth' supply my deficiencies. ? . One other observation I desire to make before sitting down. I have already remarked that from the Scriptures alone, and not from any' ancient father or modern divine, we are to learn 'the revealed will of God ; but I cannot conclude my address without emphatically' repeating this, and adding, that in my opinion, our great duty is to keep in mind ourselves, and , whether in our public ministry or our private conversation, whether in conference with brethren who are in ona mind with us or in discussion with men opposed to us,' to 'declare our conviction, not only that ' all Scripture is given by inspiration,'! but that it is the only standard of truth by which all doctrines and all practices are to be tested ; that it can be understood with the help of the. Holy Spirit, by men and women of every class who will atten-, tiyely read or listen to it ; that although it may be elucidated by historical remark, arid scientific discussions and critical scholarship, it needs not to be supplemented by tradition, but is sufficient by itself ? both to make the sinner wise unto salvation, and also to thoroughly furnish the man of God unto every good woik. To the question therefore — ' 'What is our duty in these critical times ?' I would answer in a single sentence: it is to believe and obey, 'to preach' and teacn unreservedly, always and everywhere, without subtraction and with out addition, the Word of God proclaimed to us.by the, Holy Spirit in the sacred Scriptures. 