CHRISTMAS TALE. AN ISLAND PEARL. BY B. L. FAR J EON, Author of ' Blade-o' -Grass,' 'Grif,'' Jessie Trim,' &c.; rite right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the L proprietors of this j ournal. ] Chatteu VII. — Steady yorusELF, Motheh. I had strong need to apply to myself the advice I gave to her. It was as much, as I could do to keep steady, so as to get to the heart of this mystery. Although I was terribly shaken, I proved myself equal to the occasion, and by dint of tenderness and firmness, and a good deal of coaxing, I managed at length to convince my mother that I was alive. Then, to my amazement, part of the story was told and made clear to me. The Blue Jacket that went down with oil Viands, -when within two davs' sail of the Aus tralian coast, was believed by my mother to have been the Blue Jacket in which I served. To arrive at this understanding occupied me fully an hour, and by that time my mother was sitting on my knee, soothed and pacified, and filled with a feeling of awe and gratitude at my escape. I could now turn my attention to those matters nearest my heart. The whole mystery was not yet cleared. Being supposed to be dCead was a sufficient reason for my wife not being at home to welcome me ; but I had written to her, twice from. China and twice from Mel bourne. What had become of those letters ? Surely, if if she had received them— and why should she not? they were addressed to her plainly ,at her mother's house — she would not have kept the good tidings of my safety and promotion from my own mother. The first thing I had to do, plainly, was to question my mother upon this point. ' Now that I have convinced you, mother,' I said, ' that I am not lying at the bottom of the sea, and that I am no ghost, you must satisfy me upon some points that are dark to me. Mabel ? why, what's the mat- i ter with you, dame, that you shrink from me : Are you ill again ? I will light the candle, if you will tell me where I can find the matches. We can talk better in the light.' But she clung close to me again, with something of terror expressed in her manner — which I set down to her not having entirely recovered from her fears — and murmured that she did not want a light ; that the darkness suited her best ; and that sitting there 'with me, with no other soul in the house but ourselves, brought to her the memory of the time when I was a child, and when we two were all in all to each other, with no one to step in between us. These sentiments she expressed, not in so coherent and concise a manner as I have written them, but in a way that rendered them not difficult to understand. I humoured her, and continued — ' There is no one between us now, mother, and never shall be. Mabel and I are both your children, and my love for her makes you dearer to me ; for with certain thoughts in my mind that I have been long cherishing, it seems as if, having a wife of my own, I can better understand what a mother's love is. How shall we break the news to her, so as not to alarm her ? Mother, I want to ask you a hundred questions about her, but I am so eager to see my darling that I doubt if I shall be able to control my impatience. But before I go to her, there are some matters I mu6t understand more clearly. I am groping about like a blind man. Mother, I wrote four letters to Mabel.' I paused here, but my mother did not speak. As I held her in my arms she clung closer to me, as though she were fearful of losing me. J ' Bear up,' said I, with a fond pressure ; ' things . have come round happily, and it is our duty to be thankful.' ' I humbly thank the Lord,' I heard her whisper, 'for my dear eon's safety. Bring peace to him, Lord!' 'Amen,' responded I, kissing her. 'But all is ?well, thanks be. There shall be no more partings be tween me and my dear wife. She shall sail with me, if she will, wherever I go ; and you shall keep the house warm for us to return to. Yes, four letters I ? ?wrote to Mabel. The first from China, telling her of j 4)ur going to Australia ; two from Australia, telling ' her of my escape and promotion ; and one from China again, just before we sailed for home. Do you mean to tell me that Mabel did not read those letters to you r' ' I never knew you had written any, Amos.' ' Could she not have received them ':' I asked, dis mayed and wondering. ' I addressed them to her, and posted them with my own hand to her mother's house. And for her not to have read them to you ! Mother,' I cried, impelled by a sudden fear, ' has there been foul play somewhere r' Her tears and moans were my only answer. ' Nay, nay,' said I, with a cold chill at my heart, ' if I can't learn from you, I must go elsewhere. I will see Mabel at once. * There must be an end to this mystery.' I rose to go, but my mother clung to me with con vulsive sobs, and strove with feeble hands to restrain me. But they were strong enough ; they clutched my very heart-strings. A deadly faintness stole upon me, and would have overpowered me, but that I wrestled, desperately with it, and overcame it. ' In the name of God !' I cried, when I recovered my speech, ' do not torture me any longer with your silence ! Tell me what is in your mind.' The agony of my tone compelled her to obedience. ' Amos, my son,' she said, in a weak wandering voice, 'it is late ; it must be 1 o'clock. And see, Amos, what a wild night it is.' Mechanically I looked towards the window. The snow was coming down thick and fast. I went to the door and opened it, my mother following me, still with her hands upon me. White surfaces, pure and unstained, met my eye, whichever way I turned. The virgin covering imparted a rare loveliness to the pros pect. The white outlines of the shells which formed the dear device of ' Beecroft Mariner,' above our cottage window, were delicately quaint and beautiful, and the memories associated with, the sign, and the cold wind blowing upon my hot skin, canned me somewhat. But still I seemed to be moving in a dream. I turned my eyes to my mothers face, and saw that it was as white as the falling snow. ' Come in and rest,' she pleaded. ' Wait till the morning, Amos ; then I will tell you all.' ' Wait till the morning ! ' I echoed, with a laugh that sounded strangely in my ears, it was so harsh and bitter. Heaven knows I had no cause for merri ment. 'Wait till the morning! That is good counsel at such a time as this ! No ; love calls me elsewhere, and I must go. If there is anything to tell, tell it quickly, and without further paltering. I can scarcely believe it is my mother who is speaking to me, bidding me linger here, while love is tugging at my heart-strings ; or has she forgotten that I have a wife, and perhaps a child ? ' I felt my mother's form, sliding from me, and I caught her in time to prevent her falling to the ground. ' Keep your senses about you,' I muttered roughly, between my clenched teeth, ' if you do not wish me to go mad before your eyes ! It cannot be that you are purposely torturing me, and yet 3-ou cannot know what I am suffering. Great God!' I cried, staggering at the agony of the thought, ' is Mabel dead?' ' No, my son,' she said faintly, ' not to my know ledge.' A sob of thankfulness escaped me. 'Thank God!' I exclaimed. 'Then what cause is thJIre for this mystery ? Mother, did you heat what rsaid just now ? Am I a father r' ' Amos ! ? ' ' Answer me in one word.' 'Mabel is a mother, my son.' ' And my child lives !' ' When I last heard of Mabel the child was alive.'* I placed my mother in a chair, and covered my eyes with my hands. All doubt, all fear was gone. Then, kneeling by my mother's side, I 6aid in a tone tremulous from joy, wliile the happy tears ran down my face — ' I must go to them at once, mother. What would you have thought if, when my own dear father, your husband, came home, never having seen his son, he had dallied with the time, as I am doing now, instead of hastening to your side to embrace you and your child r Ah, be just to me — and to Mabel ! Can you imagine that I am not hungering for a sight of my child and my darling wife ? Ah, you have filled my heart with joy ! liemember what we said to each other when I was last at home. There is no happi ness without love — none. It is true, it is true ! The world would be a hell, if love did not exist in it. It is heaven to me now. So you see that I must go without a moment's delay. Be happy till I return. I will run back soon, and tell you that all is well Nay, do not fear for me, mother. I will be cautious with Mabel ; I will take care that I do not frighten her ; though it would be a thousand times better if you would go in iiret, and break the news gently to her. Are you equal to it ? Will you render this service to the son tJiat loves you as I love you, my old mother — will you be strong for my sake ? You will — I know you will ! Here — here is your bonnet and shawl. Never mind the snow ; I'll carry you through it. I'm strong enough to carry two such fond, foolish mothers, and never feel the weight. I have a child — thank G od, I have a child ! Come, mother, hasten, hasten ; or I must go without you.' She made no movement in response to my appeal. The bonnet and shawl I had thrust into her hand fell to the ground. ' Gracious Lord !' I hear her murmur, ' how shall I tell him ? How shall I break the news to him ?' A film came into my eyes, and all my fears returned1 with terrible force. In another moment my mind had. changed. ' Mother,' I said, in a savage, impatient tone, ' in the name of my dead father, I command you to speak plainly to me !' -* ' 0, Amos, my son,' she asked, with infinite ten derness and pity, ' are you stroug enough to bear it?' ' Go on. My wife ! ? ' ' Was not worthy of you — was not worthy of my son ! Ah, me!' she moaned, wringing her hands. ' Why did I bring her into this house ? But she was a child then, and I thought her innocent and pure.1* A strange calmness came upon me. ' If you do not wish me to curse the tongue that casts a doubt upon my wife's purity, be silent, and speak not another wosd. Ay, if an angel on this holy Christmas night said to me what you have said, I would curse him as he stood before me. I am going now to Mabels house.' I made for the door, but my mothei strove to hinder me from my purpose, crying — ' Stop, for mercy's sake, Amos ! Your wife is not there.' ' I'll see for myself,' I muttered doggedly. ' I'll give neither Mabel nor my child cause to throw Te proaches in my teeth for lack of faith or love. I'll stop to hear no more enigmas.' I walked swiftly through the snow to Mabel's house, looking neither to the right nor the left. It might have been the brightest summer's night, instead of the bleakest and dreariest, for came upon some of the backbiters one day, and saw Mr. Drucc among them— but he ?walked away, and would have nothing to ear to me. It was Mabel's face turned towards the rock, and in her anus was a child— my child, Bob ! The two points of rock which the vessel had struck formed the entrance to a huge water cave, into which we were now fatally working our way. f all the notice I took of it. \ knocked loudly at the door, and almost immediately more loudly still, in my impatience; and presently I re ceived a rough greeting in a voice that was strange to me. A dog in the back garden began also to bark furiously, and I heard h.*') tearing at his chain. 'Who's there?' cried a man from the ?window above, -which aad been partially raised. 'It is I,.Axnos Beecroft,' I answered, bewildered l-y the strange voice. ' Interesting to you, doubtless,' said the man, ' but not so to me. If you, Amos Beecroft, don't take yourself off instantly, I'll let loose the dog, and rouse tie police. You've mistaken the house, my man.' ' One moment,' I cried — 'one moment, for pity's sake. You seem not to know my name ? ' 'I do not.' ' I am a seafaring man, and have just arrived home after an absence of three years. I was supposed to be drowned ? ' ' What is that to me r' ' Nothing, I know. But listen,' I implored, for the -window rattled as though he were about to dose it in Jtny face. ' My wife shared the general im pressionl and believes that I am dead. I hare only just come home, do you hear r My wife lived in this cottage when I left — I have come here to see her? ? ' I had no strength to proceed further. 'That may or may not be,' was the reply. 'But I am the owner of this house now, and have occupied it for a year and a half, and no woman lives with me. Women ! I have had enough of -women ! A false, brazen lot ! You've got your answer, and be off with you! No wife of yours or any man's lives in this place, nor shall, while I am in it.' The window was slammed to violently, and I was left, dazed and bewildered, alone in the wintry night. There was no doubting the truth of the man's words, nnd 1 walked 6lowly back in the direction of our cottage of shells with a sort of dumb despair settling upon me. Midway I met my mother, who had toiled after me through the heavy snow. She was panting for breath, and looked inexpressibly sad and woe begone, but I had no pity for her — indeed, no feeling whatever with respect to her. I was absorbed in my Own grief and amazement at this unexpected shatter ing of my cherished hopes. I took her arm, and led her back to her home. No word passed between us on the way. She glanced up at me many times timidly, pityingly, imploringly ; but if her features had been carved in stone her entreating looks could not have made less impression upon me. How bleak and dxear the night had grown ! The wind chilled me to the marrow, and I trod the white snow with eulleu steps. It suited my mood to tear and deface it as I walked. What beauty for me was there now in the unstained carpet ? I took a savage pleasure in marring its purity, and I dragged my feet through it vindic tively, as though it were my enemy, and could feel the wounds I was inflicting upon it. In this way, and in perfect silence, we reached the cottage of shells. 'Sit there,' I said sternly to my mother, pointing to a chair. She sat down obediently. ' Now,' said I, lit a hard tone, ' tell me everything plainly, and let no tenderness for me induce you to put a false coleur upon what you have to say, and I must hear. Speak the truth without reservation, as you would on your death-bed. If you value my love, do exactly as I bid you.' I turned my face from her, and stood thus while ehe tald her story, keeping a strong restraint upon myself, steeling myself, as it might be, and speaking only necessary words, though it was hard to do ; but you -who have sustained heart-shooks will understand my feelings and what torture 1 endured during the recital. ClJAPTElt VIII. — I Go TO TUT. EnT- OV THE WoitLD to Seek my Wive axd Child. ' The neighbours,' said my mother, ' began to^talk soon after you went away. Before that they always «poke well of you, but now their tongues 'were all against you. I couldn't make it out, and I quarrelled with them for slandering you. And when they told me you had a wife in another country, I threw the lie into their teeth, and asked them how dared they set their tongues to it. ' Oh, we know what sailors are!' they .said ; ' and your son's no better than the rest.' Then it began to be whispered about ? how shall I teil you, how shall I tell your It began to be whis pered about that you had laid a base plot to ruin Mabel's character ; and those I quarrelled with — I did not use gentle words to them, you may depend — be- came more bitter than ever, and said worse and worse things. I came upon some of the backbiters one day, and saw Mr. Druce among them ? ' I held my breath ; I liad been waiting to hear his ivune. ' ? But he walked away, and would have nothing to say to me- He had a letter in his hand, which I think he had been reading to them. It got into my wind somehow that he was the mischief-maker, and I went to his office the next day, and asked him about it. There was a boy in the office, and I had no sooner commenced than Mr. Druce sent him for a policeman. * Your son's a low-bred scoundrel,' he said to me, * and I'll be the ruin of him and you.' There was no one by but us two when he said* that, and though I luiew I had no business to be in bis place, and was frightened of the policeman coming, I answered that you would make him smart for his words when you came home, and that he was a mean creature to'try and take away the character of a young woman. - A pretty thing you are,' he cried, « to speak of taking away a woman's character ! Let Amos Beecroft deny that lie was seen, while Mabel's mother was away, breaking into her house late at night, when no one was about.' ? He'll deny breaking into the house,* I «aid, ' but he'll not deny the rest. He had the key of the place, and Mabel stopped with me, to escape being insulted by a -wretch she despised.' He got furious at this, and I don't know what more would have been said, for a policeman came in just then, and I was turned out of the office, Mr. Druce telling me to be thankful that I wasn't taken to the police court. I thought I should have died, Amos. I am getting old, and I have had a long, long illness ? ' , Her voice faltered, and her tears compelled her to pause. I bit my lips and dug my nails into my hands to keep myself from sympathising with her. I knew if I did so that she would break down, and she had not yet come to that part of the story which I burned yet dreaded to hear. Life and death hung upon her words. ' But where was Mabel all this time '' I said, coldly. ' She was at home to give this man the lie.' ' Iso,' answered my mother ; ' the day after you left, Mabel went into the country to her mother, and I did not see her for a great many weeks. I have lost count of the time, Amos, but it must have been quite three months before I saw her, and then I did not see her to speak to. Before she came back all the mischief had been done, and I was not on good terms with a single soul in the neighbourhood. I can't tell you how unhappy I was, all alone as I was, and with my son that I loved so far away. Well, one night I happened to hear that Mabel and her mother were at home, and, without waiting a moment, I ran to the house ? ' She paused again, and passed her hands across her eyes, striving to recal something which had slipped her memory. I did not help her by a word ; even when she held her trembling hands imploringly towards me, appealing to me by that action for even the slightest sign of encouragement, I made no move ment. There wa6 no room in my heart for compas sion at that time. She continued, but in a weaker and more uncertain voice than before. ' Forgive me. Amos,' she eaid humbly, ' bjit it is hard for me to remember what came after that. You will know why presently, and then perhaps you will pity me. I went to the house, and saw Mabel's mother outside. Amos, she waited till I got close up to her, and then turned her back upon me, and slammed the door in my face. At that, of course, I went away, all of a tremble, thinking that Mabel would come to me. I stopped at home till 10 o'clock at night, but Mabel didn't come. I didn't know what to think. I couldn't make out the reason of her keeping away ; she ought to liave run to me the moment she came home — you know that, Amos. If she had loved you ? ' I interrupted her sternly. 'Go on with your storj-, and tell it straight. Never mind what ought to have been done. Let me know what was done,' 'Waiting for her who should have come, but didn't, was driving me mad, and I couldn't abide it 'any longer, Late as it was, I went to her house asain. They were not abed, as I could tell by the light, and I was going to knock at the door, when, happening to peep tlmmgh the window, who should I see in the room, with a glass before him, but your enemy and mine, Mr. Druce. Both Mabel and her mother were with him, and they were talking to gether, as the best of friends might do ; and Mr. Druce was sitting there as though he had a right to be in that place, and as though he did not intend to go away in a hurry. Amos, if I could have found heart and strength to knock at the door, I am sure they would have turnf d me from the house. But I had no thought of anything or anybody but you, my son, away on the seas, while your enemy was laughing and joking with her who should have spit in his face for daring to speak to her ! I turned from the win dow, more like a mad woman than anything else, in tending to come home to our own little cottage here, where we had spent so many happy years ; but I was blind with grief, Amos, and I missed my way. To this day I don't know where I got to, nor how it happened, but all of a sudden I heard a shouting and. screaming, and I was knocked downinthe road, and run over by a cab. I lost my senses then, and don't know what was done to me that night, nor for many a long, long night afterwards. It would have been better for me if I had never risen from my bed. rather than that the son I suckled and worshipped should show me, as he shows me now, that all love for his poor old mother had gone from his heart ! ' The appeal softened me, and with a sudden impulse of remorse and pity I took the old mother in my arms. With her head on my shoulder, she sobbed, her thanks, and continued her story, calmer now because of this little act of sympathy. ' Amos, my son, i was in the hospital for more than a year, and most of that time I was like a woman in a dream. I was told that for months I didn't know a soul about me, and. it was never expected I should rise from my-bed. But the Lord was good to me, and I got well slowly— oh, so slowly, Amos ! For a long time I could not remember what had taken place, but little by little it came back to me. Then I was told that when I was taken to the hospital they did not know who I was, and that there was nothing in my pocket by which they could have found out my name. They suspected, they said, that I had sailors for my relations, for I talkedagreat deal about thesea; but that was all they could discover. No one came to see me all the time I was in the hospital, and when I was strong enough they let me go home. When I got back to the cottage I found a neighbour living in it, who thought that I was dead, as I believed you to be before to-night, my dear son. The neighbours had heard nothing of the accident, and they all believed me to be dead ; and they came about me, now that I was risen from the grave, as it might be, and those who were hardest upon me before made it up to me in. kindness. Then I heard that I had lost my Bon — that the ship he was in had foundered,* and that not a soul in her had been saved. I heard more, my son ? shall I tell it?' 'Tell it,' I said, steeling my voice. ' Don't blame me, Amos, and bear it like a brave man, for my sake, my dear. I asked after Mabel, and the first thing I heard was that she had a baby. ' Go and bring her,' I said to the neighbours who were about me — ? go and bring her and my son's child to me. Tell her I am living, and am yearning to em brace them both.' They looked at one another, and gradually the story came out. Shortly after the news of the loss of The Blue Jacket with all hands reached the neighbourhood, Mabel and her mother went away.' ' Where to - Where is my wife and child :' ' They left England altogether, for Australia ; and since then nothing more lias been heard of them.' Consternation at this startling news struct me dumb for a time, and my mother was frightened to break the silence. This night, which in my eager an ticipation was to have been filled with joy, had brought desolation and despair to my heart. ' Have you anything more to say r' I asked faintly, when I could muster strength to speak. I had to repeat the question before my mother replied, and then the words fell like drops of poison from her lips. ' Amos, Mabel did not go alone.' ' You have already toid. me so. Her mother and my child were with her. My child '.' I stretched forth my arms in an agony of disappointment. ' Some one tlse 'wa6 with her, mv son..' ?Whom:' It was long before ehe replied, and then she said — ' Mr. Druce, your enemy.' The words might have conveyed a doubtful mean ing to my sense, but the tone in which they were ut tered allowed no room for doubt. My mother be lieved Mabel to be false to me. I shook her from me roughly, and stood upon the threshhold of the room. The snow floated in, but I did not heed it. I heard my mother's step behind me. 'Stop where you are!' I cried fiercely. 'Don't approach close to me, nor look into my face ! You have hardened my heart towards you. * It is for me to speak now, and for you to listen. You believe that my wife is unfaithful to me. You, my mother, have said so to me—to my face. It is a lie ! Do you hear mer It is a He!' My vehemence shook her to the soul. ' You made me speak,' she faltered, ' as though I were on my deathbed. I have obeyed you, my 6on — I have obeyed you. O, Amos, my heart is breaking !' ' And mine is filled with joy and happiness at what you have told me,' I retorted. ' A loving mother you have proved yourself to me on this bitter Christ mas night.' ' Amos, Amos !' she cried, in an agony of grief. ' It is not my fault. I know what you must suffer. I would not dare to tell you what the neighbours said of her' ? 'You would not dare,' I 6aid, 'for I should not stop to hear. It needs no telling; you yourself have made me acquainted with the slanders their false tongues spoke respecting me. Well, you knew them then te be liars, but you were willing enough to listen to them afterwards when their tune was changed. But what does it matter what a lot of gossiping tittle-tattling women say about a man ? He is strong to bear it, and can laugh at them for their pains. And you! well, you could defend me in my absence, but you could find no word in defence of her who is dearer to me than my life — than a hundred lives, if I had them ! You hated her from the moment I spoke to you of my love for her. Why did you do so? You' threw doubts then upon her goodness, as you have thrown doubts this night upon her purity. If you had done what you should have done when Mabel returned home, if 'you had gone boldly into her house, and spoken to her plainly, all this misery, all this torture, might have been avoided. But you had condemned her in your heart from the first, and were only too willing to believe all the bad things that were said of her. You, a woman who, for my sake, if not for her own, should have defended her, a young and inexperienced girl, from the malicious tongues of slanderers and liars, who were striking at my life and my happiness, sided with them against her, and had no word to speak in her defence. What could have been in Mabel's mind on that happy Christmas night, three years ago, to cause her to win from me a sacred pledge of trustfulness in her faith and love, I cannot with certainty say ; but some shadow of fear was upon her. Perhaps she suspected you were not her friend ; perhaps, with the knowledge that her own mother was against me, she dreaded that circumstances might occur in my absence to cause a breach between us, and she wished to strengthen both herself and me. Any way, she dreAv the pledge from me, and she gave me hers, and I believe in her faithfulness with all my soul. « The harder task of faithfulness is yours,' she said as she kissed me ; and she told me that while I was absent from her she would have three talismans with her— hope, faith, and love. ' I should -never doubt,' she said. ' My love for you and faith in you have become a part of my life.' Listen now to the words I spoke to her ; they are graven on my heart : — ? Henceforth this good season holds a more sacred place in my heart because it has brought me the priceless blessing of your love ; because, also, of the lesson it has taught me, the lesson of faith, to live for ever undimmed in my soul.' Well, whisper ing these words to her from my heart of hearts, shall I, on this anniversary of that happy nieht, bitter as it is to me, prove them, even by the shadow of sus picion, to be false? No'. Henceforth I have but one task before me. When that is done, and not till then, you and I, mother, shall meet again.' She crept to me, and laid her weak hand upon me. ' What are you going to do, Amos ?' ' I am going to act towards my wife and child as my father, Amos Beecroft, would have acted to wards you and yours had you been slandered in his absence as my wife has been in mine. I will never put foot inside this cottage again until I find her ; and when she is before you, and you are face to face, you shall ask her pardon for the wrong you have done her.' ' I ask her pardon, now,' sobbed my mother. ' I have been weak and wrong — I see it ! I ought to have done as you Raid. No, no, Amos ; do not leave me without a word of pity and forgiveness ! As I kneel to you I will kneel to her, my son !' Her tears choked her utterance. ' God forgive you tor what you have done !' I answered, not looking at the prostrate form at my feet ; ' and send comfort to us both. I go away to night a crushed and desolate man, and there will henceforth be no light in my life till I have found my wife and child.' Thus in the blindness of my grief I spoke, throw ing, in my unreason, all the blame upon my old mother ; and as I stepped out into the wintry night, her mournful cry, ' Oh, Amos, my son ! ray son !' crept after me like a wailing wind. I knew that a ship was lying at Gravesend. ready to sail for Aus tralia, and for that I was bent. I trudged doggedly through the snow, halting but once outside a house in which, notwithstanding the lateness of the night, merry-making was done. What caused me to pause was a woman's voice singing the very song my wife had sung on our wedding night : Though friends be chiding-, An* vaves dividing, In faith nbidinp, I'll still be true. I'll pray for thee, love, On the 'stormy ocean, In deep devotion— That's what Til do. The hot tears this reminiscence forced from me relieved me somewhat ; but a gnawing pain was at my heart as I repeated the words, ' In faith abidine. I'll still be true.' The tone in which my mother had . informed me that Mabel did not go away alone had haunted me from the moment the words were spoken* and I strove in vain to deaden the poisonous thoughts they engendered. The two themes, 'In faith abiding, I'll still be true,' and ' Mr. Druce, your enemy, is with Mabel,' came alternately to my mind, mocking each other and adding to my misery. In two days I was again on the sea, on my way to Australia. CHrATBR IX. — Night's Joy and Agony. Stirring scenes are now before me — scenes which are woven in the history of my life, and which will lead me naturally to the end. ' But before they com mence there is a blank, so far as concerns the proper business of my story. A blank of six or seven years. I have lost count of time, and to this day, although I have been ten derly and playfully assisted by one who is very, very dear to me, I cannot fix the exact number of years I was at the other end of the world. Being there, I had but one object before me, and in pursuance of it I travelled thousands of miles on foot. Wherever I heard of a woman and child who in any way resem bled the description of those I was* in search of, thither I directed my steps. This will not appear so strange to you who have not travelled in those regions when I tell you that on the gold-diggings at that time there were fifty men to one woman ; therefore a woman could be more easily tracked than in a big city. Neither weather nor distance deterred me. I tra velled through flood, and literally through fire ; for I was in the Black Forest on that 'awful Black Thurs day when scores of miles of silver and ironbark trees were blazing fiercely. You may walk through the forest on tins day, and follow the track of that ter rible fire. Many a false track did I follow, only to be disappointed, after miles of weary wandering. Over and over again I was in Forest Creek, Tarran gower, Bendigo, and Baliarat. In the last place I was a witness of the terrible riots, and took part in them, being compelled to do so to save my life. I went to every new rush, to Maryborough, Dunolly, Avoca, but never found those I was in search of. * One time I followed a ' woman and child for six months, losing them whenever I reached the place I was bound for, and following them on to the next, where I lost them, again. I could fill a volume with my adventures during this time, but the telling of them would not forward my story. I must here record a certain change of feeling which came over me at about the expiration of a couple of years. The desire to find mv wife became weakened ; the desire to find my child became more and more intense. Soon I thought almost entirely of my child, and I pictured him in mv imagination growing up year after year, with fair hair a»d blue eyes, and with features resembling those of my father, Beecroft, Mariner. This change of feeling led to another impression as the years went by. I got it into my head that my wife might have died^ but that my 'boy was certainly alive. Curiously enough, instead 'of becoming disheartened by my want of success, I never once lost the conviction that the day would come when I should hold him in my arms. I had to work for my living, as you may guess, and I was 'generally fortunate in finding more gold than my necessities required. I was sober and steady ; and I take some credit to myself that I was not wrecked, as hundreds of better men than I were, in sly grog shops and public-houses. Drink was the ruiu of many a fair life on the gold-diggings and in the cities ; but there was no temptation in it for me, and I escaped. I did not escape another temptation. I was bitten by the gold fever, and I had my dreams of finding a big nugget of gold, and the day afterwards of finding those I was in search of— and then all of us going home, and living happily together. I dreamt that often, and always regretted the waking up. One thing I pushed resolutely from my mind, and would not think of— that was, what I should do if I met Mr. Druce. When it got into my head unaware, I brooded over it until I came to myself, when I thrust it from me in fear, for there was always a mist of blood in my eyes as his image came before me. Having no money at one time, I was compelled to make a longer stay than I intended at a new gold fields, where I fell in with a mate after my own mind. We sunk a shaft, and got more gold than I had ever pos sessed ; my share of a fortnight's work was two hun dred and seventy ounces. I didn't like to keep so much gold about me, nor did my mate, so we gave it into the charge of a man named' Richard Fairly, who had opened a deposit bank. My mate took the gold to him, and brought back the receipt. I never set eyes on the man. He didn't act fairly to us, for one fine morning he made himself scarce, and I, and my mate, and a lot of others had to whistle for our gold — and then it didn't come. We vowed Death to him if he ever crossed our path ; and I got a description of him from my mate : a short thin scoundrel, with iron-gray hair on his face, hanging almost from his eyes — to hide his villainy, I suggested. However, we got more gold, and I saved, over a hundred ounces, which I was not fool enough this time to part with. Well, we had pretty nigh worked out this claim, when I had a dream — not of my wife and child ; no, of my old mother. It seemed to me that she was dying before my eyes, and when I woke, and found, thank God! that I had been dreaming, the last sound I heard from her poor old lips, ' O Amos, my son, my son !' came to me with mournful significance. She had been a good mother to me, and I had but ill re pafd her by leaving her in her old age with no pro vision (as I now remembered for the first time, God forgive me !), after these many years. I awoke in the dark, and I lay awake thinking until the sun rose ; and in the dark of that night I saw my duty clear before me. I resolved to go home, make the old woman comfortable (all my unjust and bitter feelings towards her had melted away), and then come back again, if necessary, and renew my search. You may say that I might have sent money home, and that would have answered the purpose. So I might have done ; but I thought that by going home I might perchance hear news of my wife and child. I had not written a line to my mother all these long years. Not that she could have read it, but she would have got a neighbour to read it for her ; and it occurred to me all of a sudden that in my haste and hotheaded ness I had neglected the chance that might have re stored to my arms those who were so precious to me. I astonished my mate in the morning when I told him that I was going home. No inducement that he could offer was strong enough to hold me back, and that very day I was on my road to Melbourne, with my gold in a belt, buckled round my waist. When I reached Melbourne I was in no difficulty about a ship. Hobson's Bay was full of homeward-bound craft, and after running my eyes over the names, I selected The Rising Sun, a twelve hundred-ton clipper, then lying off Sandridge, and to sail in a few days. How often have I thought that a special destiny must have led me to select that ship out of the large number that were advertised for London ! I don't believe, as some believe, that our lives are ruled by chance. The Rising Sun was a passenger ship, and was to take home, besides passengers, a cargo of wool, hides, and gold. I thought I might as well save passage money ; I had no mind to set up as a fine gentleman, and if I had shipped as a saloon passenger, as I might have done, haying a few hundred pounds by me, I should not have been able to keep my Hands off the ropes. Knowing that homeward-bound sailors were hard to get, I went to the shipping office, and glad enough they were to obtain an able- bodied seaman like me among the crew. They took any cattle in those dayp, men were bo loth to leave the gold-fields. So there I was once more at my old trade. I was soon at work, and set to with a will, and with a lighter heart than had beat in my body for many a long day past. Though, mind you, I was not the man I had been before the great grief of my life had broken upon me. But I was glad to think that in a few months I should see my old mother again, and that it might be in my power to bring comfort to her bruised spirit. For the more I thought of my hist interview with her, the firmer grew the conviction that I had deeply wronged and wounded her. Not that I ever believed for one moment that my wife was false to me. No, no ; I clung to that anchor of faith iu her love and truth. It kept me from stranding on the rock of utter disbelief in human goodness. At the appointed time we sailed out of Port Phillip Bay, with a fair wind. Nearly all the passengers came aboard the last day, and I saw but little of them, .having enough else to do. We had aboard a hundred and sixteen souk, all told, made up in the following manner: Passengers ? fil men. 11 women. 18 children. Crew ? 26 For the first two or three days all went well, but trouble was marching upon us. ' We got into light easterly winds ' about that time, also, the weather' pot slightly foggy. Scarcely any of the passengers were about as yet ; the majority of them were below with sea-sickness, and not one of the women had put in an appearance on deck. The fog beginning to in crease, and continuing to do 80, a sharp look- out for land was kept. We had been out now ten days, and I observed that the skipper was getting anxious, ? Neither was I easy in my mind. We were in the vicinity of dangerous rocks, not Laid down as yet in the charts, and the fog growing thicker and thicker made our position more perilous. For myself, I -had fear of -death, but a heavy weight was on my mind th respect to my old mother at home ; and the de ke to see her once more, and mate amends to her for my harshness, grew stronger because of the danger V^tVas at this time that I made the acquaintance of two of our passengers : they were children, a boy and ffirl I was standing near the look-out, straining mfeves to the eastward, where we supposed the ocks* to be, when, looking down, I saw these children hv my side. They were about the same age— nine vears old maybe. I placed my hand on the boy's head, and, stooping, gazed at the little fellow. He returned my look, frankly. ''Well, mv man,' said I, 'and what may your name be?' 'Bob,' said he. jr , His voiced startled me, and I gazed more search in«rly at him. A beautiful face was his, with fair curling hair and bright blue eyes that made mine dim, and caused my heart to beat more quickly. All the old memories flowed back upon me like a strong tide ; and, but that I felt such a supposition would be akin to madness, I might have encouraged the thought that by some miracle my own son was standing by ' And yours, my little maid r' I said to the girl. 'Pearl,' she answered in a voice clear as a bell, and which to my fancy resembled Bob's. 'Then,' said* I, with a strange palpitation, 'Bob and Pearl are.brother and sister.' ' Oh, no,' they both replied in one breath. ' But you ought to be,' said I, kneeling by them, so that my face might be on a level with theirs. ' Bob ?has blue eyes, and so has Pearl ; and you have light hair, too, both of you.' They stood with their arms round each other's waist, Bob being the shyer of the two. We prattled together for as many minutes as I could spare from my duties, and I learnt that they were in nowise re lated. Both their mothers were on the ship, they ijld me. ' I haven t seen them on deck, said I. 'Oh, no,' said Pearl, 'they have been ill, and are not yet well. I hate the sea— I hate it !' And the little maid stamped her foot, and tears came into her eves. 'And you, Bob, I asked. 'Do you hate the 'I'm fond of it,' said Bob, ' and I want Pearl to like it, but she wont. She says she wishes there wasn't any sea in the world. That's foolish, isn't it ? But I wish it wasn't so dark.' Stronger and stronger grew the spell upon me. ' Would you like to be a sailor, Bob ?' ' I should,' he replied, ' if it wasn't so dark.' I kissed the bright little fellow, and he kissed me. Wrapt up as I was in him, I saw that Pearl was hurt because I did not offer to kiss her. I would have kissed her then, but she kept me off. ' No,' she said, petulantly, ' you love Bob best.' I had no time for further parley. I rose to my feet, and, taking the children by the hand, told them it was not safe far them to be on deck, and that they must go below. ' We crept up,' whispered Bob gleefully, ' with out anybody knowing. Pearl was frightened, and didn't want to come, till I made her. But then Pearl's a girl, and I'm a little man — so mother says.' The whole of that day, no figure but the figure of Bob was in my mind, and I indulged in the maddest speculations. If my boy lived, he Mould be cf the same age as this little fellow ; and Robert was my father's name. I should have asked Bob further questions about his mother, but that I was afraid to shatter the unreasoning hope which a wild fancy had engendered. I saw no more of him or Pearl during that day, and when next I saw him—— Ah, me ! let me not 'think of it. ^niust tell my story straight. The weather got worse instead of better, and at night — it was four bells in the first watch — ' Land !' was called. I was in the watch below at the time, and we were summoned on deck at once. The course we were steering was east by north, Mind being about north-Avest. Orders were at once given to square away the yards to clear the vessel for the land, and then for about half-an-hour Mre hove away south east, and after that hauled up again to the east ward. In less than forty minutes, however, we beheld the treacherous rocks straight ahead of us. As I saw the white Avaves — wliiter because of the ?darkness which surrounded us — dashing against them, I had no shadow of doubt but that we were loBt. Pitch dark it was, but a sailor can see rocks without a light to guide him — for the matter of that, I believe he can smell them — and it does not need a sailor's eyes to see the white foam from a raging sea -dashed from an iron-bound shore back into the black waters, Many's the time I have seen the spotless spray leaping up the sidea of the rocks that line the foreign shores, and curling back again in beautiful showers, laughing in the sun sparkles that filled them with light, and made them look like millions of living silver stars ; but then the days Avere fine, and the sun M-as shining. It was different now. There was no sun and no moon, and the swell of the sea towards the shore came to my ears like the sound of muffled drums. The task we had before us noM- was to prevent The Rising Sun from setting bodily towards the land ; but the task was too much for us, and though we M-orked with a will, we could not avoid our fate. The vessel hardly had steerage way, and the heavy south-west swell M-as driving her nearer and nearer to the black rocks. By midnight she had become perfectly un manageable, and all the passengers, being now alarmed and aware of their peril, were on deck, keeping their feet as well as they could. I looked out on the lee-beam, and saw the land, like a fog-bank, creeping nearer and nearer to us. In the midst of my duties I had striven hard, but without success, to discover Bob and Pearl, and it was while I was thinking of the lad with a feeling of agony that a woman's voice, falling on my ear, sent a shock through me which curdled my blood. ' Hush, my child — hush !' were the spoken words, and it was my wife who uttered them to my boy ! Dumb with a fearful joy and amazement, I turned towards the voice, when The Rising Sun came crash againBt a sharp, jutting rock, and, if you will believe it, carried part of it away. In the midst of the cries of depair that accompanied the crash, I myself called out : ' Mabel ! Mabel ! give me my boy !' But my voice only added to the general terror and confusion ; and, before we had time to recover ourselves, the ship lurched oh to another point of rock, which carried away her spanker-boom and rudder. And now, dark ^s it was before, it grew darker. Ay, it was like the Egyptian darkness, for it could almost be felt ; and The Rising bun seemed to be slowly cutting her way through it, as if it were a substance. The two points of rock which the vessel had struck formed the entrance to a huge water cave, and into this we were now fatally working our way. This accounted for the increasing darkness, for above us and before us^were savage rocks, from the walls of which the thick slime was crawling down to the sea. Thus much I knew, and thus much I saw ; but I was mer cifully, spared from the conscious knowledge of a great deal of the agony and terror of that awful night, the mizen top-gallant mast coming down with tre mendous force, I was struck prone to the deck by it, and for a tune I partially lost my senses. The dark hours passed like a disturbed dream. Cnes, and sobs, and prayers, I heard, but indistinctly, as though I were in no way connected with them ; they scarcely seemed to form part of the tragedy which was then being enacted. When I recovered my senses my first endeavour was to get to my feet, but I found that I Avas pinned to the deck, by reason of the mast having fallen across my bodv. I believed that I was otherwise unharmed, for it did not appear to me that any of my bones were broken. But I was in this miserable position : I was lying with my face to the deck, and I could not see a yard around me. A faint light betokened that the 6un was rising, and was making its way even into the dismal cave in which our ship was snared ; otherwise our ship would have been in total darkness. I sighed in bitterness of spirit ; the cup of happiness was dashed from my lips; all hope M-as gone. I should die without a Avord of love from my Mife — for no power in the world could at that moment have convinced me that she, with my boy, M-as not a passenger in The Rising Sun. Had I not seen the likeness in little Bob's beautiful face ? Had I not heard my wife's voice in the dark terror of the night? I believed myself to be the most miserable of men. All my efforts to raise the weight which held me to the deck were vain, and I groaned aloud. ' Are you alive then, mater' a voice asked. 'I thought you M-ere dead.' I managed to stretch forth my hand, and it reached the hand of a man who Avas pinned to the deck by the mast, as I was. ' Can you see ? ' I asked. ' Yes ; and that is all I can do.' ' Have you been conscious all the night ?' ' All the night, worse luck. I have been envying you.' ' You need not do so. In what position are we ?' 'The ship is sinking} in a few minutes we shall reach the waterline.' ' And then ?' He laughed bitterly. ' You're no sailor, or you would not ask. And then? Why, then, Death— and I shall be glad to meet it. My two legs are broken.' 'I pity you, I pity you!' I sighed. 'Are you strong enough to talk to me ?' 'Talking does me good. I shan't do much more of it in this M'orld. What is it you Mrant to know ?' ' Where are the passengers?' ' In the sea, half of them, — out of their trouble. I Mish I M'as out of mine. I've seen them M'ashed away by twos and threes and half-dozens, all through the night. The sea Mould have taken me too, but this cursed mast wouldn't budge an inch. All's well with them. Good night.' In his dare-devil, defiant mood, the man, Mrhoever he M-as — for I never saMT his face — actually sang these words. ' For Heaven's sake !' I implored, ' do not answer me in that reckless M*ay. You have been conscious all the night, you say. Has anything been done with the boats?' ' Yes. One quarter-boat M'as launched, and got safely out of this hole, I think. The other quarter boat was also launched, and it isn't knoAvn what has become of it.' ' Any passengers in the first ?' ' A few.' *' Women and children ?' ' Not likely. Men. Those M-ho could scramble in first.' ' Mate, do you understand the position I am in ? I can't see a yard around me. I have a wife and child on boird. The brutes ' the brutes ! Not to save the women and children first 3 There are women and children still on deck, are there not ?' 'Yes. You M'ant to know if your wife is among them. What sort of a woman ?' ' Fair with light auburn hair and blue eyes.' ' Yes, yes— I knew* her — Bah ! what's the use of thinking, now that everything has come to an end ! ' ' Look, mate ! ' I cried, for I felt that we were sinking fast. 'Look, for God's sake ! Do you see such a woman among those still left ? And has she not a child with her ?' ' What business is it of mine ?' he replied, groan ing with pain. ' My eyes are getting too dim te see. Stay, though. I can just make out a woman with fair hair ? But the world's full of them !' His pain must have been very great, from the Mray he dragged out his words. ' If I could relieve you, I would do so. Go on. Tell me what the woman is doing.' ' She has a child in her arms ? ' ' A boy ?' ' I should say so.' ' My boy — my son ! Thank God ! There may be still a chance for them. Ah, if I could but speak one word to them ! Go on — go on.' ' She is leaning over the bulwarks — ah, I see M-hat for. There is a spar in the water, and a man, with one arm over it, has lashed a little girl to it. I see — I see ! He intends to try and save the lot of them. He is calling out to the woman — I can't hear what he says — ah, I suppose he is telling her to throw the boy to him. She bends tOAvards him. Lord have mercy '. ? And at that moment we were down into the sea. With the last M-ords he spoke, the 6hip had reached the water-line, and sank in a 'wild M'hirl of waters. A prayer passed through my mind, for I believed my time had come. But the mast which had held me fastened to the deck noMr proved to be my salvation. Immediately the deck was below the water the mast floated off, leaving me free, and with the instinct of self-preservation I struck out lustily. I am a good swimmer, and shortly after I rose to the surface of the water my hands came upon a small piece of rock jutting up from the sea. Not knowing the size or extent, I obtained a risky foothold upon it, and dash ing the waters from my eyes, I looked eagerly forward. Surely it was a special act of Providence that, amidst the struggling heads and limbs of the hapless drowning persons around me, I saw but one face, which rose like an apparition from the water. It was Mabel's face turned towards the rock to which I clung, and in that one awful moment we recognized each other! A look of convulsed joy, amazement, and terror — terror, as though she were gazing upon a being from another world— flashed into her eyes. Her arms were raised aloft, and in them was a child — my child, Bob ! What was to be done in that dread moment of my life ? If I plunged into the sea it would be fatal to all of us, for th« drowning persons would inevitably clutch at me and carry me down with them. I decided instantly upon my plan. With one arm round the sharp rock, which cut into my flesh — but I did not feel it — I partially lowered myself into the water, and held out my other arm, which I judged would just reach Mabel, in the ex pectation that she would seize my hand, and that I should be able to draw her to my rock of refuge. But, as I laid my hand upon my boy, Mabel fell from me, or was torn from me by a fierce wave, and sank before my eyes. With my boy pressed close to my bosom, I dashed forward in desperation to rescue her; but I was swept away by a rush of whirling spars from the wrecked ship, and without knowing how it haDpened, I found myself being drawn into a boat ?which was lying off near the cave's mouth. 