LOCAL NEWS. COMPLIMENTARY TESTIMONIAL TO THB RBV. DB. CRAIG -Oa Monday evening last a meeting was hold in the sohoolrom of St Jamas' Church, Morpeth, for the purpose of making arrange- ments for the preparation and presentation of a testimonial to the Rev. Dr Craig, who for soma time past has been in obargé of the .parish, in the absenoe of the Rev. Mr Child. There were nearly thirty persons present ; but it was thought that if a more lengthened notioe had . boen given, the attendance would have bees maoh larger, because during the comparatively short residence of Dr. Craig at Morpeth ht» has endeared himself to a groat many of tho resident«. Mr. Cloee was voted into the chair ;, and then a draft oopy of an address was read. Mr. Sherwood moved, and Mr. Mausen Booondid, that the oopy of address as read be adopted ; and that copies be forwarded to Hin- ton, Woodville, and Seaham, together with. subscription lists, and that the residents ia those looalicies be requested to contribute towards the testimonial. A committee 'waa then appointed to see that the matter was car- ried out correctly. Mr Porteus waa appointe* ,, treasurer; and it was arranged that, the conti I mitteo should hold their final meeting on tfau/ evening of the 1st proximo, and that the pre-^ sentation should be made on the,evening of the 2nd proximo, in St. James* schoolhouse. " THE AUSTRALASIAN SKETCHES "-An ex- cellent number for September has been issued. The reading matter is varied and interesting, but the illustrations are, as usually, the strong point in the publication. Two pictures, deal with the effects of the late gale, as felt by the City of Melbourne,, and, more disastrously, by the Dandenong, The scone en the, deck of th» City of Melbourne makes a very effective engrav- ing, and though it is of coarse, parkly an im- aginativo sketob, it serves to realise more vividly to tho observer than any verbal description, tho inoidents treated of. The transfer of passengers from the Dandenong to the Albert William, over a troubled sea, is shown; and the effect ia heightened by juxtaposition, which must have been intentional, to a view of Port Esperance, Tasmania, with the three islands Faith, Hope, Charity. There is such a mirked contrast be- tween the oalm waters of the Tasmanian bay, and tho turbulent ocean, upon which tho steamer, the boats, the barque, and the strug- gling human beings are floating. The thies islands aro of varying size, and the " greatestof these is Charity," we presumo Two very pretty landsoape views are given : the junction of the rivers Clyde and Derwent in Tasmania; and "Dead in the Queensland bush," in wbioh a poor wayfarer's body is seen lying on the banks of » stream, in a haunt of quiot beauty There »re other effeative engravings, and a large double page pioturo, representing the birthday ball at Government House, Melbourne " AN ENTEBPIUSÍNG SQUATIHR -Many olí Yiotorian and Riverine Bottlers will regret to hear, says Friday's Argus, of the death of Mr. Desailly, who was buried in the Brighton Ceme- tery on Wednesday last. Mr. Desailly'« career in Viotona was a stirring and eventful one. In 1839 ho arrived in Pora Phillip Bay in the brig Britannia, with a ship- ment of sheep from Tasmania, his intention, being to take up country on th» Campaspe. , The vessel, however, was wreoked near Mordial- loc, and with what sheep were saved be took-np a station near Arthur's Seat, and afterwards hold some stations in Gipps Land and on the Billabong. After several years of changing fortunes be realised a large fortune, and in 186$ he took up an immense block of country on the Willandra in the Lachlan district, whioh was» at that time considered baok oouotry. In com- pany with his brother he expended a large sata of money in fencing in tho runs, making tanks, and sinking wells. He introduced the plan of using steam-power for rising water, instead of using the old fashioned horne-whims. The long years of drought whioh ruined so many graziers proved too much for his energy and enterprise, and he found himself obliged to give up the stations just as the seasons changed. Since that time the properties held by Mr. Desailly and his brothi-r have yietd d immense returns to their successors. Mr Desailly was greatly esteemed by all who knew him, and his death will be muoh regretted by a large airela of sincere friends .Wv* THB WEATHER AT AIBURY-The -R^V week has boon most favorable as regards ypk weather, to the pastoral interest. Loud com- plaints were being made of water, and had the rain kept off much longer tho consequence would have been most serious On Thursday Sjpt 21, however, a gentle rain set in, whiott continued during the day, with oeeasional heavy showers. Towards evening the rain beoama heavier, and during the night there was a very heavy fall indeed We have not been able to ascertain the exaet amount whieh fell, as there is no gauge available, but it must have been far in exoess of any downpour experienced dar- ing the year, and should prove of immens» beDefit to the distriot -Albury Barnier. ' .* ADVERTISING- -A correspondent writing to a Victorian journal says:-Many curious in- stances have come under my notice from time to time of how far- reaching and useful a short advertisement may be Some years ago a gentleman from the south of Ireland, who had been a long time in Australia, bat "where" was unknown, was anxiously desired by his widowed mother to return home. I was con- suited, and by my advice was an advertisement repeated for a few days in the "Notices to Friends" column. Four months afterwards the wanderer appeared in person at the address advertised Ho had been away long in the in- terior, and coming down with a mob of horses, he picked up a fragment of an old Argus on the Black Range diggings beyond Albury, and there saw the advertisement addressed to him. A few days more, and he was on his way to Old Ireland. TELEGRAPHIC MATTERS-The Hon. J. F. Burns, Postmaster General, has reoeived a Cál- vate letter from Mr E. 0 Cracknell, Wj!fls now in Europe, stating that during his visit te the Unitod States he was afforded every facility for inspecting the telegraphioinstiumonts of the Western Union Telegraphic Company He had purchased a set of instruments for working a system of fire alarm and diatriot messenger ser- vice. Mr Craoknell speaks in high terms of of the attention whioh he reoeived from the, authoritica of the United Sta.teg.-t-.£cAo< ^ g-1- -?-' ITALIAN IMMIGRATION.-A deputation, con- sisting of Sir Alfred Stephen, Sir Deas-Tbom «on, M.L C , the Hon James White, M L O, JîCjd M. Simon, Consul of France andltaly, waited Wm the .Colonial Sooretary, yesterday after Moon, says Saturday's Herald, in reforenoo to Italian immigration. Sir Alfred Stophen said the objeot of the deputation orginiated at a < jublio meeting, held for the purpose of consider- ing oertain positions, made in Italy by distin- guished men, who suggested that there was a -number of persons in Italy acquainted with ¡agricultural movements in Australia, and who f«rere anxious to emigrate to this colony They desired to know whether facilities of any kind would be given, and, if so, what. The first thing to oonsider was what oould be done to protect these persons in the colony, and this '«deputation was appointed to wait on the t «Government for the purpose of ascertain ing whether any facilities would be given io these persons, and what would be .done with them when they did oomo out "-whether they would be turned out of the ..depot if failing to find employment within five .or six days, or whether they would bo allowed to remain a reasonable time until they oould g^t . (employment. Mr. Robertson said there would ile no difficulty about bringing men who under- stood tho culture and care of olive trees, silk worms, or anything else. Under the regulations '*aey would require to bo approved of as to v -eharaoter, health, and suitability for the oolony. Sir Alfred Stephen suggested that the Govern- ment might sanction the appointment of an agent -In one or two of the Northern Italian towns , .Mr Robertson said they never oontemplated so iiarge an expenditure of publio money. If there ^as one agent in Italy, he thought it would be "¿Bough. IndeedhedidnotthinkthattheGovern tnent contemplated having one there at all ; but .<ît would not comport with their views to have C .«gents in two Italian towns. Tho duty of the agent would be, in any person applying to him, to mako inquiries, and if satisfied, to give tbe yerson applying an order to go by the first t ^rastel from whatover port that person seleoted. Usually tho agents would be in seaport towns The Government would only pay the same for s person from the Continent as for a person .from England They would give no more '--privileges to foreigners than they gave to our own people. Sir Alfrod Stephen said that ?these immigrants might oome out here in num- bers and settle in communities. Mr Robert eon expressed a deoided objeotiou to anything of the kind. He was not in favor of having foreign settlements in this oountry. He would uko the immigrants to mix with our own people. The deputation then withdrew. AN INVENTION IN SHIPBUILDING -The cor- respondent of the Argus at Philadelphia writes : -There is an invention whioh promises to be «seful to shipbuilders, ond may bring the hard -woods of Australia into inoreased demand, viz , a machine for bending ships' timbers and ships' IneeB. Oak 9 inohea by 10 inches is bent to a .«arve with a radius of only 4 feet. The beams «r planks are fitted into holders on a metal ' table. These holders, when started, pursue a «curved motion, and compel the timber to follow in the same course. The work is done by hydranlio pressure whioh amounts to ninety tons. Oac would suppose that in bending the wood the outer edgo would be Btretohed, and thereby fraotured, but the ends are so confined that there is no 'longitudinal strain. Indeed, a reduction of length takos pl»08, due to oora /proBsion, whioh drives out air and mois tare. Where the sharpest bend oooars there the wood oomes out perceptibly thinner. The model is shown of a ship built .of timbers (bent by maohinory), in one piece from keel to rail. The knees are put between the frames on the sides of the beam, one pair to each beam end. This gives greater strength and more stowage room Knoes are bent somewhat ^differently from timbers The ends aro oonfined -in holdens, and held back by pins, and the ' middle pressed forward by an instrument ""'pointed like the tongue, and moved by a sorow _^ All timber is heatod by steam before it is opo jafced on. Tho inventor is John W. Griffith, of -(Philadelphia. Spcoimen timbers were bent by means of a model of the large machine to show low tho hardwood of Australia was acted on A metal band, brass in the model, is put on the outer sido of tho wood, and if it completely . -eovors the surface no fraoture takes plaee But -fractures wero notioeablo in a kneo bent by the modol, where the 16th of an ineh had been left free. The wood was substantially undamaged ANOTHER EXODUS FROM RANDWICK.-Two anore lads, named respectively Arthur Forstor and Josoph Jaoobs, have made their escape from -tho Asylum at Randwiok says yesterday's Herald 'They were brought to this offioo last evening by Mr. J. W. Smart, who Btates that they wero Ntíníoun<l wan^oriD8 aDOut tn6 streets. They were fjï%<>th iu a condition verging on filthiness. They i jî'were not dressed in the Asylum uniform, but ia ^ -clothing takon from a store in tho institution, where it appears the clothes of new arrivals are deposited. Both were as pitiable objeots as oould be imagined. One of thom, Forster, had marks like tho impression of a gridiron on his ¿left hip, aud an ilMooking sore, whioh ho said was oaused by the flogging. He staten that for goirg out of bounds-that is, for going without ?the limits of che institution grounds-he was laid on a table, and held faoe downwards by two as- sistants, named M'Pherson and Walker, while Forster, the sohoolmastor, applied a bundle of iJj willow switches to his posteriors. He docs not \ know how old ho is, nor how long ho has boon in the institution. The other boy Jacobs is 11 years of ago. Ho was not beaten, but he states that he ran away to avoid a flogging for being ?out of bounds They made their escape on Mon- day, by jumping over the fenoe surrounding the Asylum Mr. Smart intended taking oare of them for the night, and returning them to ¡Randwick this morning BRAVE WORDS-At a banquet given to ' -Messrs M'Elhone and Day at Jindera on Wed- nesday, Sept 20, Mr. M'Elhone is reported by the Albury Banner of the 23rd, to havo »said:-"Cases of oppression had oomo under his notice where, if the selec- tor had shot down his oppressor like a dog, ho (Mr. M'Elhone) would havo gloried in the ootion As lpng as he lived ho should fol- low tho course he had taken until he suooeeded in wringing from the Government justioe for the people. If thoy did not move in the direo *ion of Iand lttw amendment their ohildren ' oW*°uld 0urs0 their memoriea far bowing down ' "*$?* beinS Blaves t0 tDQ wealthy squatters of the ^Äfid. Ho loved tbe man who would go oo to his land and hold his own, and if neoessary lose his life rather than part with it " MORPETH POLICE COURT.-On Monday last Catpain T. F. Dye attended at the above court, , and disposed of one OBSO.-Yesterday, Mr. Addi- son, P.M, was the only magistrate on the bench and adjudioated in a summons ouse, the onlv one ' «n tho sheet. 3 RESERVES.-A number of reserves are pro- claimed in the Gazette, dated Saturday, Septem- ber 23 They are in various distriots. THK DANDENONG REME* FUND ENTER TAINMENT -Tho gon tlemen who are interested in the praiseworthy work of augmenting the DandenoDg',ReliefFuud,and especially the Hon Scoretary to the local committee (Mr A J Griffi hs), must have reoeived some of that gratification whioh is the reward of virtue, upon witnfssing the SUCOOBS of the entertainment at tho Viotoria Theatre on Monday evening Wo montion Mr Griffiths by name, beoause, beyond taking no small share in the programme, be was an indefatigable manager, and respon- sible for failure It is therefore pleasant to bo able to «ay that the opposite of failure was rcolised, both as regards the money reiult of the entertainment, and the amuse mont given to the publio Indeed as to the lattor, on »he whole the programme was an impovement upon that of last Tuesday night week, and it is creditable to the performers the Hunter River Amateur Minstrels chiefly, that in so short a time, they wero able to in troduce so many new pieoes Part this first began with the overture to " Tanoregi,'' played with great taste and rffeat'veneks by the eompany, whose pluok in attacking a whole overture was rewarded by the appreciation earned by tbe beautiful musio A varied selection of songs followed, interspersed with jokes and wit tioisms oleverly jerked in by B^nes and Tambo, m my of them beiog new and original, or skilful adaptations of old jests applied to looal oiroumstauoes The finale was the "Mulligan Gaards;" and the second part introduced a gentleman unknown to Mait- land audienoes, who 'sang two songs very pleasingly. A recitation, "tbe ship on fire," delivered by Mr. R Jaoob with much spirit and feeling, was well reoeived, people recognising the propriety of seleoting it, on such an occasion The rendering of " The heart bowed down" by Mr Maonamarà, was loudly applauded and properly so The remaining part of the entertainment consisted of " Boones from Hamlet," and the " Area Balle," this portion being therefoto the same as on the previous occasion. Mr Hedley's reading of Hamlot was very satisfactory for an amateur, and it is neither just nor kind to oritioise it farther. The gentleman who sustained the oharaoter of the Ghost gave a refined and intel leotual rendering-the rendering of an enthusi- asts student of Shakespeare-of those lugabri ousliues. In tho farce, all the characters were ad- mirably sustained, and the little pieoe had "go" in it from beginning to end The Penelope could soaroely have been bettered by a mern bor of the sex who had the right always to wear petticoats instead of bifurcated "continuations," and that is no small praise A very enjoyable performance dosed at about eleven o'clock We believe the addi- tion to the fund by its aid, will be about £25 After the Hamlet soenes, Mr B idgery, Mayor of West Maitland, appeared before the onrtain, and thanked the audienoo for its patronage, and asked them to signify their obligation to the Hunter River Amateur Minstrels, and the other performers, by aoolamation. A hearty round of applause was tho response. We may add that the u*o of the theatre was given free of ooit, by Mr John Bennett, and that the gas was not changed for. SALE OF A STATION -Messrs Sullivan and Simpson report having sold by private con- tract tho Tomo station, in the colony of Queensland, in the district of Maranoa, on ao oount of MeBsrs Buoknell and Winten, toge thor with about 2000 head of cattle without muster, and 4000 sheep, belongings given in, for the lump sum of £12,250 cash. Messrs York, Walsh, and Rennie purchasers.-Herald CORRECTION-In our report of the annual meeting of the Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association, an omission was made in the report. In the paragraph'in the oom mitteo's report, containing the names of sub seribers to tbe Secretary's offioe, the following donations were omitted:-Messrs IM and R Soobie, £2; W C Dangar, £1 Is; J B Christian, £5 ; J G Doyle, £2 ; S Cfift, £5 ; R. W. ThompsoB, £2 2s ; J T Junor, jun £3 ; R Wyndham, £5. In the same paragraph the item of 10s. appoared in connection with the firm of Wolfe and Gorriok ; the item should not have appeared, as it was for rent of tho show shed, on the oooasion of a cricketers' dinner, and not a donation. HINTON PUBLIC SCHOOL.-We have been in- formed that the publio school at Hinton has bsen dosed since midday on Friday last, for the want of a teaoher, and the parents of ohildren attending the sobool are naturally dissatisfied therea*. Tho late teaoher, Mr. Cameron, has we understand been appointed to a sohool just opened at Coogee Bay, and no one has yet been sent to supply his plaoe. Blame must rest some where that this should have happened-that a sohool ia existonoe, having an attendance of some 70 or 80 pupils, should have been closed for the purpose of opening a new sohool, whioh no doubt oould have been delayed till a suooessor to thu teaoher about to bo removed was appointed, and ready to take his plaoe. " COBDEN CLUB ESSAYS "-Mr Henry Parkes, M L A , has added to the valuable gift made recently to the Maitland Sohool of A^t«, by the presentation of a volume of Cobden Cmb Essays, scoond series, 1871 2 The EasavB aro -"Oa the causes of war, and the moans of reducing theirnumb°r," by Emile de Laveleye; " The law and ouatom of primogeniture," by the Hon George 0 Brodnok ; " The present aspeot of tho (Eoghsh) land question," by William Fowler, MP ; "Finanoial Reform," by T. E. Oliffe Leslie ; " A now commercial treaty between Great Britain and Germany," by Julius Fdiuohpr, of Berlin; "The English oomage question," by John Prinoo Smith, mem- ber of the German Parliament; "Trades Unions, and the relations of oapital and labor," by Joseph Got tick; " The oolonial question," by James E. Thorold Rogers ; " The reoent finanoial, industrial, and oommeroial experiences of the United States : a curious chapter in politico economio history," by tho Hon David A Wells, LL D, of the United States ; appen- dix : " Commercial policy of Franoe, and the treaty with England of 1860 " TIN ORE -The following is the return of tin ore received from New England by the O and N E S N Company, for shipment by their Bteamers to the metropolis, during the week onding September 16 :-Vegetable Creek Tin Mining Company, 320 bigs ; 16 tons 2 owts ; Dundee, 126 bags j 7 tons 19 owts 2 qrs. ; Sun I Kee over Sydney, 29 bags; 1 ton9owts 0 qrs 10 lbs Total, 475 bags ; 25 tons 10 owtB 2 qrs 10 lbs- Ó and R Examiner, Sept 19. DRUNKENNESS.-Thomas Kerr was brought before the Morpeth polioe court on Monday last on the charge pf drunkenness. He was convie ted, and fined 10s, with the alternative of forty eight hours' imprisonment. THE LABOUR MARKET IN VICTORIA - Owing to the drifting away of our adult popu- lation across the Murray (remaiks the Argus), and the stoppage of immigration, the labour market in this colony is beooming so deranged that there is every probability of a portion of one of our native industries being transferred bodily to the mother oountry. Hitherto, at the shearing season, a considerable amount of em- ployment has baen furnished to men at liberal wages as sheep- washers But this year, io con- sequence of the difficulty experienood in procuring hands, and the exorbitant wagos askod by those persons who are available for the work, a squatter in tbe Western distriot whose clip has always fetched the top prioe in the London markat has determined upon sending the , whole of his wool home in the grease, as he has reason to believe that the IOBS which he will sustain by so doing will not be so great as the ooat of washing the sheep would bo under tbe oiroumstances of the case. If his calculations should bo verified by the result, most of tho squatters in the Western distriot will follow his example, and it is not unlikely to bo generally acted upon throughout the colony. Ia previous years the squatter referred to has employed two dopen men, on thoaverago, for, six or eight weeks, in wool-washing, and it is easy to estimate the money wbioh has been thus put in oiroulation in the shape of wages Multiply this by somo hundreds, and it will represent the aggregate loss whioh tho working classes of this colony will sustain should the praotioe of sending home wool in the grease bo found more economical than shipping it olean. In that case, every pound subtracted from the squatters' returns will find its way into the pook eta of woolwashers in England ; while the not re suits to the woolgrower will not be affected by the obange. Thus the tendenoy of our legislative and fiso&l; policy will actually be to wards the protection of the working olasBes io the mother oountry, to the serious disadvantage of those who are here. Instead of expanding, we are contracting the looal ehanoels of employ- ment, and aro orippling what is admitted to be one of the most important of our truly native industries, and compelling the Viotoriaa wool groAors to export dirt as well as fibre, and to pay the same freight on both. THE VAGARIES OP FASHION.-The wriler of "London Town Talk" in the Melbourne Argus says :-The lengths (in trains) and straits (in tightness) to whioh ladies of fashion are prepared to go-and do go-in tho matter of dress are inoredible. I aaw a tight young lady endeavour ro run round a four-horse drag the other diy, and then asoend to the box seat by a ladder, and both actions afforded a surprising apeoUolo. Tho Mayor of Bristol entertained the Lord Mayor of London last week, and the ocoasion was of oourse an important one- important enough for a young Bristol lady to send for her , dinner dress from Worth, of P*ris. The dress carno, and was all that could bo desired, only she couldn't get into it. She had to discard under garment after under-garment - for- tunately it . was very warm weatbor -until there was little else but herself and the dress Then it was laood up, and she looked beautiful. But when she carne down to dinner she ould not sit down. It was so tight ia the skirts and elsewhere that it was only with a dead lift that she managed to take her ohair. She was not comfortable, because of the servants that must need pass behind her but she looked, in faot, to admiration. Only after dinner she couldn't get up again. Her dress would't come down I am telling you tho truth when I say that the gentlemen on both aides of her had to pull the skiit to set her free. But this is nothing Aa old lady,of my acquaintance, who tolls m . everything, was taken to see a young lady's wedding trousseau. Tbe dresses were splendid, and all necesarios to match. Bat " where," said she, " is the uodor olothing ? ' " Ladies do not wear underclothing now, madam," said the milliner. " The dresses OTO too tight to admit of it. They wear suits of waahleather" And sure enough there were three ohamois suits of " dittos," fitting oloso to the frame as any glove. MR TENNIEL OP LONDON "PUNQH"-Mr. John Tenniel, it is understood, regrets that he ever drew a cartoon for Punch. The geniu« that is developed by hard work (and that is the only kind of genius I knew) is always modest. It has raised so high a standard for itself that on the way upwards it only feels that it is far away from the goal. Mr. Tenniel has none of the personal affeotion of art, and never had. He shaves, and his hair does not make a grease Bp .t of his coat colar. He is not seen at the West end in a velvet coat and a crimson neok-tie. He does not pose either at home or in society. See him riding his quiet olbin the Park, or tak- ing his Sunday constitutional at theZooJyou woald only notice him as an intelligent-looking gentle- man-a oountry soáoitor perhaps, oran eogineor with a new railway bridge in his mind. There aro two artists who appear to be peculiarly fond of the Zoo-Tenniel and DOTÓ The moment the French limner oomea to London be rushes off to the Zoo. Mr. Tenniel has used pretty well all the most notable animals in his cartoons and elsewhere In the present day it is d moult to keep artists from the more profitable paths of ' art whioh lead through the Exhibitions to fame and fortune. The Graphic and Illustrated London JSews find this an increasing difficulty. Most of the men who drew for Once a Weok in , the palmy days of that publication have given up book illustrating, and are selling pictures for , more than their weight in gold No wondor ttut, Btandirg within the walls of the Academy, John , Tenniel wishes he had used his brush instead of , his pencil. From a finanoial point of view, he , would have done better if he had never drawn oartoons for Punch or piotures for books. The world would have been the worse for suoh a change in his career. That faot should oonsole bira for the viotories he would have won had he entered what is regarded as the higher arena in whioh Millais, Faed, Niool, Leighton, and Fides oontest the golden honours Mr Tenniel's biography might bo written on » pago of note paper. He was tbe son of Mr. John Baptist Tenniel, was bom in London in 1820, and educated at a private sohool. He was preoooi ous with a penoil He is a perpetual example of the triumph of industry. Toe oleverest writer on Punch was self educated. Douglas Jerrold was his own schoolmaster. Tho greatest artist that ever drew for Punch, or posslbiy ever will draw, is John Tenniel. He is a self-taught draughtsman -London Society -[Tenniel has been for years the artist of the cartoon in Punch Those wonderful cartoons ! iu whioh there are the most felioitons politioal suggestions, the keenest satire, a conciseness of meaning, a grandeur and a width of view, and a refinement of idea hitherto unequalled io that kind of art.--ED. MM. A YOUNO MusiorAH -A musical genius in embryo, in the person of Master George All press, is (says the Daily Telegraph) at present on a riait in Melbourne. Master George is little mora than ten years old, and is a violinist and pianist of extraordinary oapaoity. His father, Mr Charles Allpress, of Kangaroo Flat, Sandhurst, noticing his -very early bias for music, has had him for the last two or three years taught the violin, and ha plays oa a tiny one made for him, with wonder- ful skill for so small a child, hil bowing and fingering are specially noticeable for their easo and finish, and as he is a fluent reader, his appearance, as he stood in Messrs. Allan and Co.'s rooms, before a select number of musioal people, playing a brilliant fantasia on airs from " Luorezia Borgia," waa that of a little maestre. About twelve months sinoo he oommoooed to display a predileotion for tbe piano, and his father at once placed him under the tuition of Herr Edward Calon, a Sandhurst teaoher of note, who has advanced htm in his studies so rapidly that, although he did. not know anote of bass when he oommenoed, ho is now able to execute Beyer, Lange, Farmer, Oesten, and other authors' compositions. Hisexeoution of Beyer's " La Fille du Regiment," and West's fantasia on Bira from " Guillaume Tell," was astonishing, the great feature being the extraordinary amount of expression introduced by him, and the judg- ment ho evinces in his use of the pedals Herr Calon is very proud of his ohild-pupil, and he may well be so. There is a great future in store for the little fellow, if he is treated wisely A DOUBTFUL TESTIMONIAL.-Considerable amusement was oroated in the local Police Court on Tuesday, Sept. 19 (says the A bury Banner) in the ease of a blind man who had been arrested by the polioe as muoh for bis own protection as anything else, as he was, when taken' into oujtody, in a helpless state of intoxication. When called upon to anBwer to the oharge the accused produoed a testimonial signed by a number of persons at Wagga Wagga and else- where, to the effeot that the bearer was a deserv- ing object of obarity on his way to Melbourne to obtain medical assi-tanbe. Appended to the paper was a list of subscriptions given to help the man on his road, and sundry remarks certifying to his bona fides. Some wag, however, bad availed himself of the opportunity to add a memoran- dum whioh the bearer probably did not antici- pate, but whioh oironoaataooes certainly appear to warrant It was a note written in a bold legible hand to the following effect :-" Poor blind man; very fond of drink." When this waB read out in oourt after the other certificate, there was a regular, roar of laughter in whioh the Bench joined as heartily as any one else. The prisoner was admonished and disoharged, and on being told by the police magistrate to oall upon tbe latter for a few shilliogs to help towards travelling expenses he invoked all sorts of bledinga upon the Bench. A CnARGE OF PERJURY -Before the West Maitland Police Court, on Monday, the ease of Thomas Prindle v. Ann Nesbett, for perjury, was called on for hearing, but there being no appoaranoe of either party the information was dismissed. USING OBSCENE LANGUAGE.-At the West Maitland police court,on Monday,GeorgeTurner was charged with having, on the 15th instant, used obseene language inside a house'in St Andrew-street within the hearing of passera by Constable Cruise said he was on duty in St Andrew street on the date in question, and beard the language complained of used He did not see defendant at tbe time the language was used, but reoognised his voice and had not the slightest doubt but de- fendant used the words -Senior-sergeant Smith said that frequent eomplaints were made about defendant's oonduet- he was a troublesome neighbour -The bench reprimand d the defen- dant, and warned him that if he again appeared before the bench on a similar ohargo he would be severely dealt with. On thiaoooaaion a fine of 10H or forty-eight hours' imprisonment would be inflioted -Charles Klein and George Waite wero. charged on summons, with having been guilty of committing asimilar ßffenoo in a publio plaoe The informations, however, having beef found imperfect, were dismissed Mr Levioa appeared for defendants in the above oases. USING OBSCENE LANGUAGE -A young man named Albert Button was oharged, before the East Maitland polioe oiurt, on Tuesday last, with having, on the previous night, used obsoono language in a publio plaoe, and also with having resisted tho polioe. Constable Barnes provod the offanoo, and stated that the prisonor was drunk at the time, noisy, and violent. The neighbours were disturbed, and many of thom carno out to nee what was the matter. The prisoner had been before the court on two or three previous occasions for «imitar offences, and his character was anything bat reputable. Mr. Addison said the bench had some difficulty in deciding whether they would send the prisoner to gaol, without the option of a fine, but in tbe hope that he would reform ho would be more leniently dealt with. For the first offence be would be fined £2 or one month's imprisonment, and for the second £1 or seven days. LUNACY.-The unfortunate man who was remanded last week on a oharge of lunaoy, was again brought before the ourt, and after Dr Pierce had given his evidence regarding the state of the man's mind, he was committed to the receiving-bouse at Darlinghurst The name of the man is Jioob Hetoh, and from the e?i dence it seems that he is suffering from disease of the brain, caused by a fall from a h orso. INDECENT EXPOSURE.-On Monday last, at the East Maitland poliee court, before Dr. Wilton, J.P., a man named George Gardener was oharged with having been guilty of indeoent exposure in a publio place. Senior Constable Hogan proved the offence, and prisoner was fined 20s or the alternative of seven days' imprisonment. Tbe prisoner waB then charged with having used obscene language, to whioh he pleaded not guilty. The offenoe however was proved against him, and it was also shown that be waB an old offen dor. The bench ¡DÜioted a penalty of 20s. or seven days in gaol. STEALING TIMBER -At the Morpeth polioe court yesterday, Michael M'Cann, was oharged at the instanoe of John M'Phie, with stealing a quantity of wood, whioh was lying on land be longingto complainant on the Green wattle Estate Mr, C. F. Soiling appeared for the complainant The defendant pleaded guilty. The wood was valued at Is. The bench fined defendant 4B. as the value of the wood, with 6s. 6d. oourt, and 21e. professional costa, with the alternative o? two days in gaol. 