'NOTES ON RELIGION AND LITERATURE IN FRANCE In a little work called " L'Auteur du Maudit ", (Conte- - Vraisemblable), .published this- year in; Paris by Victor Palme, there is a, libel worthy -of the Jesuits- who tried to ruin the- Port-Roy- alists, and silence Pascal. An elaborate scene is depicted;. in which the author of " Le.Mau- dit '.'- is represented as being a dishonoured -priest; who was under the deepest obligation to. !his bishop; but nevertheless allowed himself to be bribed by a Jew to write this work as a spe- culation, against his conscience, and contrary to truth. Pascal, in his fifteenth letter, exhibited and exposed the Jesuit tactics of systematic calumny long ago, but it. seems to.be a favourite weapon still. He relates a story of a Capuchin assailed- by them: by insinuations aud taunts, ; who 1 at last challenged them to the proof, de claring that they " lied most impudently," and then he avails himself -of the same expression, as the only' answer he could make to false and vague chatges, specifying no place or time, sup- ported by no authority, but avowedly resting only on suspicion and hearsay. In these days 'they cannot poison public opinion as once they 'could, and for the most part their books are not read except by a very limited number. But \- it is surprising how many they publish. In a ' catalogue before me of new. publications at the, "Librairie Girard et Josserand," there are more than -a! dozen: a morithirom May, 18G3, to last -ApriL J 'The!titles;of: these will suffice to indicate ' their- -characters. " "Legends: of Paradise, to derive towards a history of: Paradise, of Purgatory , and- of Hell :" 400, pages, 4 francs ; " The Temporal Power of -Ithe Popes Justified, by History,". 970 pages, 7 francs ; " Irish Legends and -Histories,' 930 pages, 2 francs; "Satires riy- L. 'Veuillot," 350 pages, 3 francs 50 centimes; "'Panegyric of Joan of Arc," 1 franc 25 centimes ; "Essay on the Origin, Sanctification, and Privileges of the Medal or Cross, of St. Bene dict," 1 franc.; "Exercises of St. Gertrude," 2 francs ; " The Mercies of God : the history of my- Conversion to Catholicism," translated from ihe" German of Dr. Liemmer, 1 franc 20 centimes; "The Letters of Lacordaire to the. Countess Eudosia de la Tour du Pin,;' 5 francs ; '( The -Month of the Souls in Purgatory," 30 centimes ; " Liberal Catholics," 5 francs ; "A Free 'Churcb iri a Free State," by Count Mbn- ' ' talemberfc ; " Notre. Dame de Foursibre;" "On the Decrease of The Priesthood1: its causes and. effects, arid the means to remedy it;" The: Granduer of the Mother of God," 2 vols., 8 francs ; " Defence of the Church against the Historical Errors of Messrs. Guizot, Thierry, Michelet, Ampère, Quinet, Fauriel, Aimé, Martin, &c.; "Amende- Honorable to the Kind Heart of Jesus, in the Holy Sacrament, in the form of Litanies ;" " Correspondence of Lacor daire with Madaine Swetchine ;" " Pastoral Letter of the Bishop of Nimes on the Perils of the Faith hidden under the deceptive words, Modern Ideas," 1 franc ; " The Freedom of the Human Spirit in the Catholic Faith," &c.;, &c.; The catalogue of the library of Charles Douriiel, - in Rue de Tournori, is still more formidable. One part of it contains publications by the Jesuits, commencing with a series of their annual essays or studies, religious, historical, and literary, and this list is followed by a large number of their other publications. The catalogue then contains a list of "Brochures Diverses," of which eighty-three are on the Roman Question, eight on the Polish Question, six on the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, and fourteen on M. Renan. Among the rest are pamphlets on Syria, on the poor Catholics' of Ireland ; on England and democracy ; on the martyrs of Japan, and the bishops of the nine teenth century ; on the Jusuits, in answer to a history of their downfall. A subsequent list in the catalogue gives the names of cheap public ations iri octavo, at 4 francs the volume, in cluding the life of Lacordare, by Montalembert ; an essay on Ireland; a history of the League'; and, "La Comptesse de Baiueval," a history of the.time of Louis XF.V., by Lady Georgina Ful- larton. Theu comes a list of books at 3 francs' the volume, another of books at 3 . francs, the volume, another at l .. francs, another at 1 franc, another at 80 centimes, aud another at 50 centimes. The titles of many of these are significant1 of the activity with which' the priestly party is : using the press — such as A Protestant converted to Catholicism by his Bible and Prayer-book ; A banished priest of the Revolution of 1792; Madagascar and King Radama; Historical ' Notices of some members of the Society of Fathers of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, a'nd'of the company of Jesus; On the principles of authority in the Church, by R. I. Wilberforce ; On the existence and the institution of the Jesuits, by Ravignan ; Conversion of a Russian Lady to the Catholic faith ; Charles the First (of England) and the Parliament ; Margaret of Anjou, by Miss Strickland. The alphabetical list at the end, extending through thirty pages, affords a remarkable variety of polemical and political works, from " The Irish agitation since 1829, the Trial and Condemnation of O'Connell," and the Life of Cardinal Maurv, to a work on - ecclesiastical celibacy and a defence of Dante against the charge of heresy. But probably a , small work written for the young by Monsieg- neur de Segur (published in Paris by Tolfa and Haton), and entitled " La Revolution," will supply a sufficient specimen of the sort of instrriction which zealous Romanists have re-': cehtly prepared for the public mind. Montal- embert and a few more. combine with their zeal for the Church a certain kind of Liberalism, and such persons may serve the purpose of the Church- in their measure, but the 'true and genuine style of ' Romish teaching is much betper illustrated by bpoks' of this kind!'": The work, the author states, was blessed by 'the sovereign Pontiff at the momPrit he undertook it. Revolution he defines to be revolt erected into a principle and a right. Satan is the father of it. The Pagan Renaissance, then Luther and Calvin, then Voltaire and Rousseau, have revived the cursed power of Satan their father. The Anti-Revolutionist, par excellence, 'is our Lord Jesus Christ in Heaven, and on earth the Pope is vicar. Is conciliation possible between these and Satan ? Impossible ! for Vol- taire wrote " Crush the wretch;" and Luther, " Let, us wash our hands in their blood." No Authority is cited for this quotation. Literal quotations of the most alarming character then follow without a reference as to where the " secret instructions", so quoted are to be found, and without any clue' to the correspondents in London, Ancona, Vienna, whose words are given. But then there is a quotation from a correspondent supposed to be a Revolutionist, at Leghorn, confessing to a failure in the attempt to corrupt the college of Cardinals and the Jusuits ! Page after page of this kind of thing follows. The eleventh section is on the prin- ciples of 1719. Most men think now-adays that if the French Revolution had rested there, it would on the whole have been a very noble and beneficial work. It was by adding to these principles, rejecting all control and authority, allowing weak and wicked men, and the passions of the multitude to gain the ascendancy, that such frightful consequences ensued. ' And Mon- seigneur de Segur condescends to adopt the principles of 1719 in respect of "true liberty, true equality, and fraternity ?" but when he advances to the declaration of the rights of man, he is startled by finding among others, the tenth and eleventh, " No one ought to be dis turbed for his opinions, even his religious opinions, provided that their manifestation do not disturb the public order established by law, and " The free communication of thought and opinion is one of the most precious rights of man ; every citizen ought then to speak, write, and print freely, subject only to being bound to answer for the abuse of that freedom in cases determined by the law.". In a section on the sovereignty of the people and democracy, he declares that the former principle is the doctrine of the Church, and that if a ruler gravely and evidently fails in his duty, he may be deposed ; but, '" I am bound to add, " he says, " to avoid any revolutionary interpretation, that the'' Church being the sole impartial judge in these great cases, of conscience, can alone, by a solemn, decision, sanction an act so grave after having recognized the weight of the offence." These cases, he says in a note, are rare : " they are, for example, the case when by the conduct of the prince, the people would be liable to lose the true faith, &c;," To apply his system, which he proceeds to develope in a manner that fully accounts for the blessing of the Pope, he admits that all the world shbuld be Catholic. " Certainly," he says, and it is as desirable that, all the world should be Catholic, as it is desirable to see applied to society the peaceable and specific system of , which i we havejust .spoken." . The system that is, , of ; yielding everything up to the ' . supremacy of the Church as represented by the Pope, " all the ! world ought to he Catholic because all the world ought to believe and practice the true religion." In liis 17th section on liberty, he speaks at first in general terms, and then he proceeds: "In re ligion, liberty consist in the power to know and practice fully religious truth, that is to say, the religion Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman. For the Pope and the Bishop full and entire power to teach and govern the faithful, and for them, the power to obey them without restriction." The Liberals, he says, advocate liberty to do good and. to do evil, according the same pro tection , to the good and the bad, to truth and error,' to the faith and to heresy. They deceive themselves, he says, mid erect into a principle that which is but "a necessity of a transition state." He then supposes the Liberals, saying, " Then be logical, and dp not ask to be put on the same footing as your adversaries." We do that,. now, says his Lordship, because we may ask for what all other citizen have, but, "that is -no reason-why. we should not desire better things." The Church has, like her divine Master, but one weight and one measure, she loves, she favours, but right, and the truth, and good ; she rejects and detests everything erroneous, everything evil and unjust. Who is the Christian who will ever dare to say that Satan has in the world the same right as Christ ? But that pretension is at the bottom of Liberal ism. The Church, and we all .with her, we claim the rights of truth, because the truth alone has rights ; we deny that which they call the , rights of error, the rights of heresy, the rights of evil, because error, heresy and evil have no rights. There are necessities in point of fact which often compel' authority to shut the eyes to the ravages which it cannot check, , but its duty is to extirpate the evil as completely and as soon as possible, and so on, hoisting as Lacordaire said, the banner of the Inquisition and Philip the Second. In page 100, he de- , clares with triumph, that "Gregory the Six teenth condemned with energy, wholly apostolic, the same false principle of liberty in its two principal applications— Mberty of conscience and the liberty of the press." There is more to this effect. If a sovereign cannot extirpate error, he. must wait ; but, he must do so when he can. An error, of coifrse, is that which Romanism pronounces to be such. But, coining to the point, the author proceeds : — '"And the Jews and the Protestants, what will you do with them? There may be one of two cases ; either they have already introduced error into a Catholic country, or they are not yet established there, and they wish to enter. In the first case the duty of a sovereign is to tolerate them, to guarantee to them— as to the Catholics — all their civil rights ; but, at the same time, he ought to prevent them propa gating their deleterious errors. If he caD, he ought to procure their conversion in facilitating the work- of the ministry of the Church in respect of them. His is, in fact, the duty of a good father in respect of his children. In the second case, the duty of the prince is quite different, though, at the bottom, it is but the accomplishment of the same duty. He ought, if lie wishes to be faithful to his high mission, to prevent at ' all risks (it tout priz) heresy infecting the faith of his subjects, and to treat the propagandists as unjust aggressors. Heresy has not any right in such circumstances." "And, in a Protestant country, what would be .the duty of the sovereign ! A Protestant .sovereign in protecting a false religion makes a false application of a true principle. This is not the fault of the principle, and the misfortune- of the sovereign and of the people is simply that they are Protestants. It often happens that , men make a wrong application of sound principles. Satan thus turns to his own profit the most excellent institutions. Christ, more over, has the right to drive away Satan, because Satan is a rebel, an usurper, and a sacrilege. Satan, on the contrary, has no right as against Christ, because Christ is the rightful Lord, good, just, and holy. So it is with the Church and heresy." And this is the kind of instruction prepared -under the blessing of the Pope for the youth of France, and the outlines of policy which Mon- seigneur de S6gur would restore with the elder Bourbons in France, and which now flourishes raider the younger branch in Spain, and recently' bore fruit in the case of Matamoros. That it flourishes no longer under other Bourbons at Naples, and lias been overthrown in Tuscany, Modena, and Lombardy, and can scarcely sup-, port itself even with the help of French bayonets in . Rome itself must be a terrible and lieart- i rending truth to this class of outspoken priests. . What effect such writing can have beyond raising up an active but small body of zealots, blind to, the signs of the times, deaf to the lessons of experience, and enslaved by a most ; unscripfural superstition, it is difficult to say. It may also tend to irritate and exasperate the masses., It ought to open the eyes of such Liberals as Montalembert, and of all in Eng land and Ireland, w ho have faith in Cardinal Wiseman s soft speeches as to the true character of Romanism. ' But its effect is limited. Tlie general character of the literature in France :is very opposite to all this, and in an opposite extreme is just as bad. But there are works published in France which appear to have a good sale, and which indicate that there must be a considerable' class of readers of a very hopeful order. I allude not merely to the avowedly Protestant works and periodicals such as the . "Rev.ue Chretienne " and Merle d'Aubigne's " Histoire de la Reformation ;" but: also to such works as " L'Ouvriere," by Jules Simon, which is, a very interesting inquiry into the condition of the workmen in France, and; "Histoire de la Renaissance de l'ltalie, 1814—1860," by Rudolph, Rey (an admirable work which should be translated into English), and the republication, in cheap and popular forms, of standard works. The catalogue of Carpenter's library containing the list of works published at, three francs and a half (about three .shillings), is very interesting. These inclu&e;, in one volume each, the Thoughts and the, Provincial Letters of Pascal, Racine's Plays, La; Fontaine's Fables, Laboulage on Religious Liberty, Lamprey's Political History of the Popes, and'De Staol's Cdrrinne, iuid others of the same stump, hi two or m-e volnmes of the same price. Among the translations from the English are works' by Macauley, Mrs. Beecher Stowe, Paradise Lost, Shakespeare, Gold&mitli;, and Lingard, and the translations from the Italian include Dante's works and Silvio Pellico. But, after all, it is' confessedly difficult to judge the variable French mind, and it is very difficult, at the present moment, to determine its current. On the one hand, there is a very large class who desire peace ; and this leads to submission to the Imperial rule, if not to the love of it. Too often it leads to gross servility and adulation, so that the tone of the speakers in public as semblies, and of some of the papers, is quite abject. On the other hand, there is an under current of bitterness. The press is overawed, and few papers dare discuss freely any matter unless they adopt the government view, and society itself is overawed, so that men1 do not speak to one another as we do in England. The result of this is great humiliation among men who are ashamed of not being free, and drives them to the extreme length of desiring another overthrow of the dynasty. The election of republicans like Carnot and Garnier-Pagis, in Paris lately, told something of the mind of the people. As to the priests, on the one hand the friends of order are likely to favour them ; on the other, the enemies- of- despotism, in every form, have found to their cost, that the priests are its friends everywhere. In France, probably the priests have lost so much ground with some classes as they have gained with others. Their boast, however, is of their success in England. They either believe, or wish to appear as believing, that theirfaithismakingsuch rapid strides in England that its ascendancy cannot long be postponed. The reception given to Garribaldi gave a rude shock to the building of their hopes ; nevertheless, the fact that there have been many perversions to Romanism, and the presence in various places ih France, occasionally, of some of the more zealous perverts, who are them selves full of confidence, keep up the delusion. When religion is presented to the people, not in its great central life-giving truths, in the simple language of the New Testament, but accompanied by legends at which credulity itself revolts, the effect must be prejudicial. There is danger of the whole of the priests' message, that which is true and that which is false together, being hastily rejected with con tempt and indignation. The impudent stories of winking Virgins, and the like, do more than excite a smile. The spirit of Voltaire has infected the French mind, and all this sort of thing gives it food to feed upon. Nevertheless, the priests have now much influence. Religious observances not being absolutely out of use. they have abundant opportunities of turning them to their own account. The men of France trouble themselves but little about sermons and masses ; but they require the services of the priests at baptisms, and at marriages, and at funerals ; their children are commonly at schools at which priests (some of them sincerely de voted to the work of education) teach ; and it is decorous to allow the youth of both sexes to be "prepared" for their first communion. Add to this the influence of the confessional, so far as the priests can bring it into action, and the all-powerful, gold-extracting doctrine of purgatory. When life is escaping, and a man's earthly goods can profit him no longer, it is not difficult to extort something for masses for the repose of his soul, even if lie doubts the whole theory : it may be true, and there is a sort of chance of a prize in that lottery ! It is said, however, that the number of priests cannot be kept up. There was a time, before the Revolu tion, when (it has been lately declared by a Roman Catholic Bishop) that there were ten thousand in Paris alone; but those were days of immense endowments, and political privileges and power. At present money and pleasure are the two ruling passions of France. The eigliteeu years of Loui3 Philippe's government gave peace to the country, elevated the middle classes, strengthened the spirit of commerce, and prepared the foundation of . the present prosperity. There is now great activity in trade, and not a little sanguine speculation. The youtn of the country have temptations now to move about and to embark in trade, and the ranks of the priesthood afford few attractions to men of ambition, energy, or active minds. It is observable, that no one pretends that the priesthood has of late distinguished itself, ex cept in the case of Lacordaire, by eminence of genius, or by any remarkable production, (and it is remarkable how true this is also of the Romish priesthood of England and: Ireland). The youth of the country are drawn in a con trary direction, and the tendency seems to be 1 towards an exhaustion of the priesthood, or the necessity of recruiting from the ranks of those who have very few mental qualifications . for anything. And the effect of the present con troversies on Scripture, in reference to physical science and biblical criticism, is exceedingly adverse to Romanism. It - is quite Idle to meet everything that is said and written by a . decision of the Council of Trent, or anything else which is inapplicable to existing difficulties. The boasted "non possumus" of the Pope may have its effect in politics, but it cannot arrest the progress of discussion ; nor will the priests succeed in inducing the French people to keep silern e, . as Monsieur Renan's work and its, popularity sufficiently prove. The opposing influence of Protestanisin in France, it may be feared, is not very great. Its work in Paris is interesting arid hopeful in a high- degree ; but generally, the French Protestants themselves, and others who have resided long among them, are not sanguine of producing great effects on ' the public mind. If there are gains from some conversions, there are many losses from mixed marriages; That which would speedily alter the whole moral aspect of the country is lacking — a revival in the Protestant Church. Were men of might raised up, men full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, to preach "as dying unto dying men," to commend the simple Gospel as the animating principle of their own devoted lives, very soon would the lively and susceptible French mind respond with joy. , Snch men : there are, 'and in the whole -Church' of Christ perhaps thene are few believers who more truly adorn the doctrine of Christ their Saviour, than . some French Christians ; but such men are , the first to acknowledge that there is a lack of G od's Spirit in flheir assemblies, and that the valley all around them still seems to be full of dry bones. Maclkop Wylie. 