PAPAL CLAIMS. The claim of the Pope to rule Christians outside the Papal Church seems to have startled Englishmen, as. if it were a new thing, when expressed in Pius lX.'s letter to the: Emoeror of Germany some vears ago. .'-The act was so'greatly at variance with' the caution and subtlety by which Papal: documents are usually characterized, that we do. not wonder that so large a portion of the Popish newspapers should, at first sight, have regarded it as a forgery, for they could not conceive that his Holiness would be so far left to himself to issue so weak, imprudent, and unsatisfactory a production. . Even Cardinal Cullen de nounced it in his Dublin official organ, the Evening Post, and declared that " at first sight the correspondence might be seen to be an impudent and ridiculous invention of the enemies " of his Holiness. A rch bishop Manning also appears to have taken a similar view of it ; for in his ser- mon delivered in St. .Edward's Chapel,. London, on Sunday the 19 th of October, 1S73, and reported at length in the Times of next morning, he speaks of the two letters as " two documents, neither of which could he admit as genuine." Neither of these two eminent dignitaries of the Romish Church could allow himself to believe that the Pontiff had actually written so undignified and imprudent a letter, which, instead of adding to his character for wisdom, afforded another fresh proof of the dotage into which he is unquestionably falling. Of the genuine ness of this pontifical epistle there did not long remain a single doubt ; and if current ' report is to be believed, Cardinal Cullen was told this by the Pope himself, in terms' not very , complimentary to that im perious and pretentious hierarch. To a goodly number of newspapers this claim was spoken of as a perfectly new one, and now for the first time put forth by the Roman Pontiff. But this is a great mistake, and arises from want of ac quaintance with the dogmatic history of the Papacy ; for there are few points in the whole system of Romish doctrine that have been more plainly and persistently taught for generations past than this one. In the decrees and canons of the Couneil of Trent, the authority of the Church over all baptized persons is clearly implied and taught. In the fourth canon, baptism although administered by Protestants, is, with wonderful liberality, declared to be true baptism : " Whosoever shall affirm that baptism when administered by heretics, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, with the intention of doing what the Church does, is not true baptism, let him be accursed." But the liberality of the Tridentine fathers is only apparent, and was intended to pave the way for claiming all baptized Protestants, whether children or adults, as members of the Church of Rome, and, as such, subject to her authority and laws, so that they can be compelled by penal enactments to submit implicitly to her authority. And that this is the meaning of the Council is clear from the thirteenth canon, which declares that " children are to be reckoned among the faithful by the reception ot baptism ;" in other words, all baptized children are declared to be mem bers of the Church of Rome, no matter when, or where, or by whom they may have been baptized, although it was by heretics, schismatics, Jews, Pagans or in fidels ; if those performing the rite in tended to do what the Church does, their baptism is Christian baptism. That this is the authoritative doctrine of the Church of Rome on this point is clear from the decrees of the Council of Florence in 1437, which declare, that " in case of necessity, not only a priest or deacon, but also a lay man or woman, nay, even a pagan or heretic, can baptize, if he observes the forms of the Church, and intends to do what the Church does." (Concil. Flor., Labbe, torn, viii.) It is illustrated by the treatment of the little Mortara in Rome, who was surreptitiously baptized by his nurse, and then because of this, torn from his Jewish parents by law, and brought up a monk. In the eighth and fourteenth canons, again, an anathema is fulminated against any one who shall affirm baptized persons are not bound by all the precepts of. the Church, whether written or tra ditional, or are not obliged to observe them, whether willing or unwilling, or may not be compelled to do so by other punishments than suspension or exclusion from Church privileges. In the catechism of the Trent Council, the authority of the Church over baptized heretics is still further and more fully defined. In dis cussing the question, " Who those are who are excluded from the pale of the Church," the fathers thus describe them : "Only three classes of persons are ex cluded from her pale,— first, infidels ; next, heretics and schismatics ; and lastly, the excommunicated ; infidels, because they never belonged to and never knew the Church, nor were they ever made par takers of any of the sacriments of -a Chris tian people ; heretics and schismatics, be cause they have severed themselves from the Church, for they no more belong to it than deserters belong to -the army from which they had deserted. It is not, how ever, to be denied that they are still sub ject to the power of the Church, seeing that they may be cited before her tribunal, punished, and condemned by anathema." In the Maynooth class-book the came doc trine is taught in equally clear and express terms. Delahogue, in his Theology, says : "The Church retains its power overall heretics, apostates, and schismatics, though they may no longer belong to its body, as a. general may have right to inflict pun ishment on a deserter, though his name is no longer on the muster-roll of the array." (Delabogue, Tractatus de Theologia, p. 404.) Many Protestants find it difficult to understand the Popish nomenclature. The terms used, however, have all a defi nite signification. By heretics, Protest ants are meant ; by schismatics, the ad herents of the Greek Church ; while by apostates or rebels, are meant those who were once connected with the Church of Borne, but have left it, and allied them selves with other communions. In most of these quotations it is affirmed that baptized heretics, though subject to the discipline to the discipline and laws of the Church, are not members of it. But we find that even on this point there is a diversity of opinion among the authori ties ; for no less a personage than Pope Benedict XIV. affirms, with equal posi- tiveness, that all baptized heretics are members. In his constitution concerning the validity of a marriage that had taken place between a Jewish man and a Pro testant woman, both of whom, however, had afterwards conformed to the Church of Borne, that Pontiff gives the following deliverance : " Hence this also is ascer tained, that he who receives baptism from a heretic becomes, by virtue, thereof, a member of the Catholic Church ; , for the private error of the baptizer can not deprive the person of this felicity, if he confer the sacrament in the faith of the true Church, and preserve its institutions on those things which belong to the validity of baptism. Suarez confirms this with great ability, in his defence of the Catholic faith against the errors of the English sect, when he proves that every baptized person is a member of the Church; adding this also, that if a heretic, as often happens, baptize an infant who is unable to exercise an act of faith, there is no im pediment tq the child receiving a habit of faith with baptism. "We have also fully ascertained that those baptized by heretics, if they come to that age in which they can of themselves distinguish good from evil, but adhere to the errors of their baptizer, are to be re pelled from the unity of the Church, and be deprived of those benefits which mem bers enjoy ; but they are not to be freed from its authority and laws, as Gonzalez has wisely shown-" This judgment, infallible doubtless, as having been uttered ex cathedra by his Holiness, is certainly not very consistent in its statements, for the first part of it is clearly not in harmony with the latter portion. Still it is regarded as a deliver ance as to the baptism of heretics of great authority with Popish casuists. In the examination of Dr. Nicholas Slevin, Pro fessor of Canon Law inMaynooth in 1827, as contained in the eighth Beport of the Commissioners of Irish Education, he was asked several questions about the foregoing decision of Pope Benedict, and he gave the following explanation of the principles on which the decision was founded : — " The Pope," he says, " contends that the female, being a Protestant, was a Chris tian, and as such was subject to the laws of the Church of Christ ; and the Boman Catholic Church, being, of course, con sidered by him to be the true church, he infers that the Protestant female was sub ject to the Boman Catholic Church." In a subsequent part of his evidence Dr. Slevin thus Syllogizes it : — " A Protest ant is a Christian ; all Christians are sub ject to the authority of the true Church of Christ : the Boman Catholic Church is the true Church of Christ ; and therefore a Protestant is subject to the laws of the Boman Catholic Church." " The Pope," he further says, " claims authority over Protestants, on the ground that though the Protestants have separated from the Boman Catholic Church, and declared themselves independent of her, yet, having been baptized, they are subject to her laws." He compares them to rebels under a civil government : a citizen who rebels against the government under which he lives, is still liable to be punished by the . laws of that government. Such, then, is the authoritative teaching of the Papacy in regard to the claim which the Pope and Church of Bonje arrogate over Protestants of subjection to the laws and- discipline of their Church ; and had they the political power which they once possessed in British countries, and which they are now straining every nerve to regain, we should very soon be taught practically what they mean by our " being subject to the laws of the Church." We are well aware that Bomanists are usually in the habit of maintaining that the jurisdiction which their Church claims over Protestants is entirely spiritual, and that the only punishments she inflicts are ecclesiastical censures ; and every effort is put forth to lull suspicion asleep on this subject. Dr. Selvin, in his evidence on Education asserted over and over again that "the Church inflicts no temporal punishments but only spiritual censures." But when pressed on the subject, he was forced to acknowledge that jbhis was the case only "only in countries that are not Catholic, and where the ecclesiastibal laws are not supported by the arm of civil authority ;" plainly admitting that in countries where Popery is dominant, and where the civil authority aids the spiritual, Protestant heretics may be subjected to temporal punishment. As a specimen of the way in which the Popish clergy treat Protestant heretics, afid how the Church's censures carry temporal effects with them, we shall take a case in Ireland, which occurred only a few years ago, when a priest cursed from the altar one of his own flock, who had been guilty of the great crime of teaching some poor neighbours to read the Irish Scriptures. The priest appeared at the altar with bell, book, and candle, and said : " I will give my curse and God's curse on M'Laughlin, and every person that will hold communication with him shall share in the same excommunica tion ! and every one who will work beside him in the field, or eat at the same table." He then rang the bell, and going to the sides of the altar, extinguished the candle, " in token," he said, " that M'Laughlin's light was put out in the presence of God." As soon as this was done, the man's neighbours shunned him, and when they met him on the road, they passed him on the other side. His debtors, too, for he was a miller by trade, refused to pay him what they owed him. On one occasion he went into the house , of a neighbour, whose wife was a renegade Protestant. The moment he entered, this woman said to him, "My curse and God's curse be on you; and on your family, and on all that you have." To which he nobly replied, in the better spirit of the gospel, " My bless ing and God's blessing be on you, and on your family, and on all that you have." But such, at all events, was the effect of the priest's curse — this Spiritual censure, as Dr. Slevin would call it — on this man's temporal interests, that he was literally ruined. He, however, brought an action for damages against the priest in a court of law, and although the case was tried by an Irish jury, he obtained a verdict in his favour, and the priest was fined ,£70. But bad as this is, it is only a specimen of the way in which the Church of Borne exercises her spiritual discipline over heretics ; and it is by no means the worst specimen that we could adduce. ' "We shall just take one instance more from the writings of one of the most famous of her theologians, viz., Peter Dens, whose works have for many years been the standard guide of the Bomish priests in Ireland in all matters of faith and morals. In this most authoritative work we find the fol lowing questions and answers : — " Q. Is it lawful to tolerate the rites of un believers and heretics ? A. No ; they are not in themselves to be tolerated, unless there be some prudential reason for their toleration. — (Vol. ii., p. 84.) "Q. Is it the duty of the Catholic Church to compel heretics by corporal punishment to sub mit to the faith ? A. Yes ; unbelievers, who have been baptized as heretics, and apostates generally, and also baptized scnismatics, can be compelled by corporal punishments to return to the Catholic faith and the unity of the Church. " Q. What is heresy ? A. It is the unbelief of those who profess, indeed, that Christ has come, but who reject His doctrine, as to any part as proposed by the Church, such as Lutherans, Calvinists, etc. ' ' Q. What are the punishments decreed against those infected with the stain of heresy? A. They are justly punished with exile. and im prisonment ; their property may be confiscated; and, like forgers or other disturbers of the State, they may justly be punished with death." — (Vol. ii. pp. 79, 80.) Such, then, is the teaching of the Church of Borne about us Protestant heretics, and such is our just punishment for separating from her communion ; and Dr. Dens tells us that what keeps her from so treating us, when she has the power to do it, is the mere question of ex pediency. Our readers, we trust, will take note that these are not extracts culled out of records which belong to the dark ages, when intolerance was almost universal, and when the rights of con science were neither so well known nor so generally acknowledged as they are in this age. They "are taken from Boman Catho lic works of the present day, and these, too, of the very highest authority with the Bomish priesthood; and were it neces sary, we could easily confirm them, by adducing a whole " cloud of witnesses," whose veracity and authority in such matters would be altogether irresistible.' In his letter to the Emperor, the Pope, while claiming him and his people as subjects because of their baptism, does so rather in an incidental and by-the-way fashion. He asserts the claim but he does not condescend either to explain or vindi cate it. To " define," it more particularly would, he thinks, be out of place in such a correspondence. And, moreover, he might feel that it was one of the preroga tives of the successors of St. Peter in the Pontificate to have their utterances accepted, not questioned, by those to whom they were addressed. He might also hope that, in the hurry of correspon dence, a claim presented in so few words might escape challenge, and be tacitly acquiesced in. But his Holiness had utterly mistaken the character of the man with whom he was dealing. The Emperor was too independent, and too thorough a Protestant, to allow even the infallible hierarch of Borne to claim him as one of his subjects. He at once repudiates, in language most decided yet dignified, the false and impudent pretension ; and in the lofty tones of one who felt that his own faith as a Christian man had been assailed and ignored, he thus addresses the Pontiff : " The evangelical creed, which, as must be known to your Holi ness, I, like my ancestors and the great majority of my people, profess, does not permit us to accept, in our relationship to God, any other mediator than the Lord Jesus Christ." In these few simple but pregnant words, the Pope's -grand official designation as the Vidar and Vicegerent on earth of the Lord Jesus, is at once ignored, and the Emperor refuses to acknowledge him, or any other mortal man as authorized to intervene between himself and God, but the one Mediator, the Lord Jesus Christ. . Funeral op the late S. S. Goold, .Esq., M.L.A. — It is with the deepest re gret we have to record the death of a man so eminent in every virtue, public and private, as our late respected brother, S. S. Goold. An Orangeman, and the Grand Master of the Order, he had the testimony of Boman Catholics that his administra tion of justice, and of every public office, was characterized always by the most strict impartiality, so that the Bomanist when accused looked on fair play as secured if the Orangeman was on the bench. He was a man thoroughly imbued with Christian principles, which he made the guide of his life, and which he carried into his family and into business, and into his public duties. As Alderman, as Mayor of the city, and as a Member of Parliament, he won and wore modestly the crown of public approbation, while in his home circle he showed the example as the head of a Christian household. His advice and assistance were ever at the service of persons consulting him, and they were many. We do not wonder at the large number of people who thronged the streets with sympathy while his funeral was passing to Carnperdown on Wednesday ; had his brethren of the Orange and Oddfellows' made a procession, an immense gathering would have been there ; but this was wisely omitted. There were about one hundred and fifty carriages. The pall bearers were Benjamin Palmer, Esq., Mayor .of Sydney ; the Hon. G. W. Allen, Speaker of the Legislative As- b<3iuuiy j xiuxs nun., o . j-vuneimuii, x itjimth ; and B. M'Coy, Esq., W.G.M., L.O.I. The service at the grave was read by Bevs. Dr. Barry and B. Taylor. We shall not say requiescat in pace — " may he rest in peace ;" but requiescit in pace — "he rests in peace," for this with him is cer tified. 