A VISIT TO THE DAVEjSTPORTS AjST) "WHAT CAME OF IT. A visitor to Melbourne hands us the following narrative which our readers will probably be disposed to join us in taking for what it is worth, as cautious people say :—" We had been (friend and self) to see the Davenports, and got home to East Melbourne, after some beer and oysters, thoroughly suffused with mystery and blown out with astonishment, We sat talking over the hanky-panky for a couple of hours and then my friend turned out with cold feet and a heated imagination to get a stroll in the Fitxroy Gardens before he went to bed. Soon after mid night lie came hurrying back to say that he had seen ghosts, or, at any rate, some very extraordinary and phe lionumicul appearances, and was evi dently in a state of considerable scare. My friend deposed oil oath, that is he swore with all liis might, how he had seen a cypress, a Daniel Lambertiana, get out of the ground go waddling down the winding gravel walks, loading a little arbor vitoi tree l»y the scrulf of its foliage. This unusual circumstance, supervening so quietly on the wonderful Brothers and the beer and oysters and exciting contro versy, had produced a state of mind which was not exactly halcyonic. Isow, this was one of those situations in which there appears notliing better to be done tlian to take some prompt and intrepid action, so I pocketed a six- shooter, hastily hid away a nip of P.B. and started for the garden alone. Between one and two in the morning, and amid the silence of the catacombs, was I calmly awaiting on a garden seat any spectre or goblin that might tliiuk proper to take pedestrian exercise in that direction. Beneath the tranquil shadow of the Bishop's Palace I sat wondering why bishop's lived in palaces and wore aprons, and also who it was that crowned David Blair with a tambourine at the Davenport seance. And just as I was getting lost in a maze of mixed reflections a huge form that would have looked gigantic by the side of the fire-bell tower came softly round a curve hi the walk. I drew my breath quickly, and then drew my pistol in the same manner. There was little light from the clouded moon, arid at the first glance it escaped my attention that a human figure walked by the side of I the strange object. To a mind so steeped in the marvellous as was mine it was not difficult to imagine that the human figure might he one of the plaster statues phil andering about the gardeus. However, . the said figure suddenly stood on -one leg and began to rasp a match on the sole of his foot, and from this it became apparent that the object wove boots and smoked tobacco, which heathen images don't do. i " Hey!" saitl 1. " Hollo!" said he. And then by the faint blue radiance of a wax match I saw that the big apparition was Chickabiddezee, or whatever they call liim, the Chinese swell lately exhibiting in Bourke-strcet. " Its a merciful thing I didn't put six bits of lead hi that big fellow's jacket," said I, concluding a ; conversation with the small one. '' Well, it wouldn't have hurt liirn much," he replied, "for he has got half a dozen padded coats on." As Mr Dickens' show-man laid it down, "make giants common and they won't draw." Here was food for moral reflec tions. What an unwholesome possession is human greatness ! Behold there stood before 1:10 the greatest man hi the southern hemisphere—the only man I sincerely looked up to for many minutes at a time —and he w:is obliged to sneak out hi the night time for a little air and exercise jnst like a rat from a sewer. And lo there rose hi my peripatetic bosom a feel ing of thankfulness that in 110 conceivable sense, physically, mentally, morally or re ligiously, had nature qualified me to oc cupy even any approach to the character of a great man. 