DISTRICT COUNCIL. WATERLOO. SATURDAY APRIL 22. Present—Councillor Harris. No quorum. The Hamilton Spectator writes A con siderable sensation prevails in the neighbour« hood of Macarthur owing to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which has been seen by several persons an the estate of Mr. Car« micbael, at Hartón Hills. If appears that four men, working at a job of fencing, were camped about, two miles from the head station, where they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seeing a figure, draped in white, stalking backward^ and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened were they that they beat a retreat to the station, and communicated the particulars to Mr. Towart, the overseer, whilst a dog they had with them participated in the alarm, and ran away howling piteously. Next night a party of eight, including a policeman from the township, bivuuacked in the haunted spot, and five of them were rewarded by getting a sight of the ghost. The news began to spread, and we understand that a large party is to be made up from Macarthur with a view to solve the mystery, if possible. Tradition states that the locality in question was, many years ago, the scene of a fatal affray between the early settlers and tbe aboriginals, and that in these encounters the blacks came off second best. Of course, the supposition is that one of the natives so disposed of has'jumped up whitefellow" in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonish ment of the nerves of the fensing party by his ' counterfeit presentment !1 It should be men tioned that the ghost has already one casualty to answer for, inasmuch as one of the intended interviewas, in his hurry to get a sight of the apparition, was thrown from his horse and'broke his leg. VFe trust some of those who may have been fortunate enough to have seen the thing will sent us a progress report/* With reference to the Reice outrage, the Ballarat Star says that the most intense excite- ment prevailed round the country side about Burrumbeet. Mrs. Reice's condition up to Wednesday, 12th inst., was a most pitiable one. She was described to us by one of her friends as being literally black and blue all over, the flesh having been torn from portions of her body. As showing the brutal outrage, it may be mentioned that Mrs. Reice has told some of her friends that her assailant displayed an open knife when struggling with a second time, and she, fearing murder was about to be added to the other crime, cried out, asking that she might be spared to see her babe once more. Upon this the ruffian, brandishing his knife in a threatening manner, told her with an oath that he'd let her see her baby if she didn't keep quiet, and that soon. It was not until the crime had been repeated twice that the fiend let his victim go. She was then, as has been related, almost in a nude condition, and states that the man was in a similar position, having divested himself of nearly all his clothing. As may naturally be expected, great indignation is felt at the Lake regarding the outrage, an opinion being expressed that ere this the Go- vernment should have offered a substantial re- ward for the apprehension of the offender. It is whispered that " there are parties about Burrumbeet who are looking for a reward to be advertised." Beyond the fact of Mrs. Reice being able to identify her assailant, and, as is said, one of his mates knowing something about him, the ruffian and his movements seem quite a mystery to the Burrumbeet folk. A man named Thomas Fitzgerald was arrested in Ballarat East on 13th inst., by Constable Doyle, on a charge of being the perpetrator of the Burrumbeet outrage. The accused in some points resembled the man wanted, but the arrest seemed to be somewhat hasty, and the prisoner was, some hours after his arrest, dis- charged. Said a distinguished politioian to his son j— " Look at me ! I began as an alderman— and hers I am at tbe top of the tree. And what is my reward ? Why, when I die my eon will be the greatest rascal in the city." To this the young hopeful replied " Yes, dad, when you die—but not till then." 