MURRUMBURAH. from a corrbsfondent. March 22. — The last fortnight aud more have been barren of incident at this place, everything being very dull and quiet, iu so far as my obser vation coes. Occasionally the street has been pretty well orowded with horsos and vehicles, and that is all I can say. Loads of bricks passing through the town toworde the creek, keep us alive to the fact that there is to be a bridge erected there for the railway crossing ; and, after pay-night, we have a moderate influx of navvies. St. Patriok's day came in nicely, being ushered in by a most welcome fall of rain on the preceding night; but for sports or amusements, the day might as well have been Sunday, except from the fact that not one of our stores was closed, as I believe they are iu most otber places. I know no reason myself why stores should be closed on St. Patriok's Day and not cn St. David's Day, except, perhaps, that the Welshmen are few and indifferent on the subject. Possibly it is all for tbe best that these old world observances (super stitions, I was almost calling them) should be per mitted to die out quietly.- They don't exaotly suit the antipodes (speaking from an European stand point) ; tbey don't exaotly harmonise with the times. Still, when the old superstitions die ont, what are we to do for new ones ? I ask this in all seriousness. St. George, the patron saint of England, has been extinguished, as far as com memorating his day is concerned, a long time since. What Englishman ever gets excited on St. George's account? And if St. George was really, as Gibbon describes him, "the infamous-- George of Oappudocia," thore is good reason why his memorial day should be dropped. My recollections of this famous saint, however, are drown from my early reading of tbe "Seven Champions of Christendom," but more emphati cally from the glorious Red Cross Knight of Spenser, who accompanied Una, in order to over throw "that fire-breathing dragon, horrible and bright," which wasted the lands of her parents. "Sweet St. George" also appears grandly in the battle scenes of Sbakspeare, and very pictures quely in his effigy on the old sovereigns and crown pieces; if bo, if he be a myth, or worse than a myth, I am sorry for it. What is to re place our old world myths and superstitions ? We haven't a ghost in the country, nor a decent old rnin of a house that any respectable, proper- minded ghost would think of haunting; and un less we give in to Mr. Tyerman and the spiritua lists of Sydney, and elsewhere, and accept their astounding " revelation " as facts, we must, I fear, stick in the mnddy ruts of plain practical life, without a spioa of imaginary joys or sor- 1 rows or fers or r hopes Ynpematnral to vary i the even tenor of bur life.'' : ' Bnt I am forgetting. Marrumburrab, and fael already as if I were: foisting a 'long rigmarole letter on your patience under false pretences. Except that one or two persons of note in' this small town have left, it is still pretty maoh as it was. An addition has been made to our trades men, in the shape of a saddler, a person who was greatly needed. Otber trades would follow if there were a possibility of getting a vacant house, but there is no snoh thing. Yon muy see vaoant spaces (town allotments) staring you in the face here and there, but tbe ownerB cannot, or will not, pat buildings on them. PerhapB they are biding their time for a high price for their land, or perhaps they don't desire more neighbours in the town who might possibly be rivals in business. It has frequently been rumoured that some Chinese mean to start in lbnsiuoss here ; if so, tbey will have to buy their and and build their shop premises. 1 don't think they will ever come, nor are they really, wanted by the present inhabitants ; but there is no telling what the enterprising celestials may do, when they think they see a chance of making money. Tbe Chnrch of England parsonage is nearly completed, and will soon be ready for the new minister, when he shall make bis appearance. With the exception of the first' introductory service held by him, the services hitherto have been oondncted by tbe Rev. Mr. Doukin, a gentleman resident in the neighbourhood. Concerning tbe public school movement, I learn that it is progressing moBt favonrably. Some £60 in subsoriptions have already been realised. The oredit of this movement is mainly due to Mr. Wm. Barnes, who has been untiring in bis efforts to bring it to a suooessfnl termina tion. From a plan of the proposed building sent np by the Counoil of Eduoation, it would appear that they intend it to be no mean one. The plan exhibits a handsome gothio structure with ne cessary fittings— one which will cost hardly less than £1000. The Council have instructed Mr. Leader, of Young, to prepare tbe specifications and see to the exeoution of the work. The ground Bet apart for the school lies at the west end of the town, and comprise five acres, situated con veniently on a moderate rise between tbe main- road and tbe railway. The weather continues dry and hot in the day time, but cool at night. For days the thermo meter stood in the shade of a verandah at 104 or thereabo uts. No signs of rain. 