MACAULAY ANECDOTES. Ah! (says a writer in Harper's Monthly) what chat there must have been at those dinners mentioned in the Macaulay, memoirs! "What a party, for^ instance, was this: " Dined at the olub. , Dr. Holland in the chair. Lord Lansdowne, Bishop of London, Lord Mahon, Macaulay, Milman, Yan de "Weyer, Lord Carlisle, David Dundas, Lord Harry Yane, Stafford O'Brien. The bibhop talked of the wit of Bow land Hill. One day bis chapel, with a thinner attendance than usual, sud denly filled during a shower of rain. He .said, " I have often heard tell of religion being used as a cloak, but never before as an umbrella." In his latter life he used to come to his chapel in a carriage. He got an anonymous letter rebuking hitn for this, because it was not the way his heavenly Master travelled. He read the letter from the pulpit, said it was quite true, and that " if the writer would come to the vestry afterwards with.a saddle and bridle he would ride him home." : On another occasion at a breakfast given by the Bishop of Oxford, Macaulay told a story about one of the Preach. prophets of the seventeenth century", who came into the Court of Queen's Bench and announced that the Holy Ghost had sent him to com mand Lord Holt to enter a nolle prosequi. If," said Lord Holt, "the Holy Ghost had wanted a mile prosequi, he would have bid you apply to the Attorney-General. The Holy Ghost knows that I cannot enter a nolle prosequi. But there is one thing which I can do; I can lay a lying knave by the heels," and thereupon he committed him to prison. This, told of Thomas Campbell, is also very neat as illustrating the senti ment with which the authors of olden days regarded their publishers. At a literary dinner Campbell asked leave to propose ,a tosat, and gave the health of Nappleon Bonaparte. The war was at rits height, and the very mention of Napoleon's name, except in conjunc tion with some uncomplimentary epithet, was in moBt cases regarded as an outrage.. A storm of groans burst out, and Campbell with difficulty could get a few sentences heard. ." Gentle men," he said, " you must not mis take me. I admit that the French emperor is a tyrant. I admit that he is a monster. I admit that he iB the Bworn foe of our own nation, and, if you will, of the whole human race. But, gentlemen, we must be just to our great enemy. We must not forget that he once shot a bookseller." The guests, of whom two out of every three lived by their pens, burst into a roar of laughter, and Campbell sat down in triumph; : Lord i Holland gave Macaulay an account of a visit which he paid long ago to the court of Denmark, and of King Christian, the madman, who waB at last deprived of all real share in the government on account of his infirmitv. " Such a Tom of Bedlam I never saw," said Lord Holland. " One day the Neapolitan ambassador came to the levee, and: made a profound bow to His Majesty. His Majesty bowed still lower. The Neapolitan bowed down lis head almost to the ground; when, . behold, the king clapped his hands on his Excellency's shoulders and jumped over him like a boy playing at leap frog." Alas! thata gymnast was there lost to the world in that lively poten tate ! In a foot-note is given this pungent extract from Macaulay's famous article on Barere, in the Edinburgh JSeview: \--"As soon as he ceases to write trifles, he begins to write lies; and such lies !? A man who has never been! within the tropics does not know what a thunderstorm means 5 a man who has never looked at Niagara has but a faint idea of a cataract; and be who has not read Barere's " memoirs " may be said J not'to know what it is to lie." Macaulay was always willing to accept a friendly challenge to a feat of memory. One day, in the board-room of the British Museum, Sir David Dundas saw-him hand to Lord Aber« deen a sheet;'of foolscap covered with writing, arranged in three parallel columns down each of the four pages. This document, of which the ink was 6till wet, proved to be a full list of the senior wranglers. at Cambridge, with their dates and colleges, for the hun dred years during which the nameB of senior wranglers had been recorded in the University calendar. On another occasion Sir David asked. " Macaulay, do you know your Popes?" "No]" was the answer, " I always get wrong among the Innocents." "But can you say your Archbishops of Canterbury ?" "Any -fool," said Macaulay, "could say .. biB: Archbishops of Canterbury backwardand he went"off at"a Bcore, drawing ? breath only once in order to remark-on the oddity of there, having been both an Archbishop Sancroft and an Archbishop Bancroft, until Sir David stopped him at Cranmer.. 