th mW dfitEliiHEd* A VERY WOMAN,* BY M. F. O'Mallet. '?'?'. . ClIAPIER II. 'A rose-bud set with littlo wilful thorns, And sweet' as lingliBh air could make her.' Tennvbos. An old red-brick hall of the Elizabethan era, with mullionod stone casoments. Ivy, climbing rooes, Virginia creeper, cling to the walls, and half Lido the great stacks of cLinmeya. Before the windows is an old-fashioned bowling-green, whoro croquet balls and mallets aie lying about. A. ha-ha and a wire fence separate thia bowling green from tho park, with, its groups of fine elm trees and chesnuts. The sunbeams lie golden and level on the smooth lawn. Beds of scarlet geraniums flame in tho yellow light. The trees, and the quaint old sundial, cast long shadows across the grass. A clock is strikiug from that grey church-tower in the distance. Round tho olm trees wheel and caw the great black rooks. A dog is barking somowhere near by ; children's voices aro sounding gay and blitho. Such was Crofton Hall on that bright June evoning on which we would introduco it to our readers. On the atop of one of its windows sat a young girl with a. swoet, fresh, laughter-loving, kissable ? face, an impertinent little nose, big blue eyes, and curly light-brown hair. Beside her lay a splendid deer-hound, with his great head resting lovingly in her lap. On one of her shoulders was perched a black kitton, and on tho other a white fantail pigeon. But Frank Willoughby wa3 not thinking of her pets ; her eyes were fixed dreamily on the western sky, against which the solemn rooks were cawing. ' Holloa, Frank !' called out a boy's voico from within tho window j ' A penny for your thoughts !' Frank started, and turned round to look into tho schroolroom, whore the children wero all assembled at tea ; Miss Primrose, tho governess, at the head of tho tablo. There were Reginald, Cecil, and Jim, threo school-boys of fourteen, thirteen, and eleven, at present home for tho Hammer holidays ; then came Nelly and Ethol, two littlo girls of nine and eight, and Maurice, a boy of six. ' Will you como fishing with 03 to-morrow, to Burton'n Pool, Frank ?!1 continued Regio. ' I Can't ; you forgot papa and our cousin Angcli are coming this evening.' 'Oh, botber Angela ! Angela, what a name to call a Christian by ! A Frenchified little inisa, I ?ippoaa, full of airs, and graces, and affectations. We'll soon take them out of her !' 'Now, look here, Regie, and Cecil, and Jim,' Said Frank solemnly, ' if you aro not perfectly kind and polite to Angola, I will never go out fishing with you again, Novor ! as long as I livo!' Tjero was a pause of awe, for Frank was famous for being as good as her word. ♦PuUijlicd by special arrangement with tho author. All rights reserved. Then Regie ausworcd, 'Oh,, never fear, we'll behavo all right ! Hulloa ! Miss Primrose, 'do you call this straw-colored liquid tea j' ' Well, my doar Rogio, if you will have five cup3 you can't expect to find tho last one as good as tho first. Frank my dear, what is the namo ? !' But Frank waa not attending. ' Hush!' eho said unceremoniously, ' I do bbliovo- 1 hear them coming now, and I moant to have gone to tho lodge to moot them !' At this moment thoro was a Bound of voicca and steps in tho passago, the d6or opened, and Mr. Willoughby entered, followed by- a Blight, palo, dark-eyed girl, who must bo the unknown cousin. There was a general shout of ' Papa !' audinono momont Frank was in her father's) arms, exclaiming joyfully, ' 0 daddy dear, how good it is to have you home again j' . ; ' My darling !' said Mr. Willoughby kissing her repeatedly ; then ho drew the dark-eyed girl forward, saying, ' Hero is your cousin Angela/ Angol, this is my Frank. Frank, bid bir welcome to Crofton, my doar.' And this was Angel Witloughby's first introduc tion to the pleasant English. Lome - whore her father had passed his boyhood, Tho etatoly house and beautiful gardens wero rather overpowering to the shy, convent-bred girl, and she folt bowildercd by tho overwhelming number of all the now cousins. There was some thing re-assuring, howovor, in Frank's bright faco and in tho docidod tones of her young voice ; and it was pleasant to seo lior with her father, they saemod so fond of one anothor. Mr. Willoughby had a number of questions to ask about, all tho horses in tho stable, about tho farm and the villago news, and Frank was ready with answers for evory question, and chatted away paily with one arm round her cousin's waist as an outward and visible sign of welcome and sympathy. - Tho younger children had lost tho use of their tongues at the sight of their new ' French cousin.' Regio and Cecil showed their sympathy for tho black dress, and admiration for the pretty face by much alacrity in drawing forward chairs and footstools, and in ringing the bell for fresh tea. Miss Prim rose asked mild little conventional questions as to whether Angel wsb fatigued with Lor journey. At last, aftor a littlo pause in the conversation, Mr. Willoughby said, 'And how is your mamma '(' Angela listenod rather curiously for the answer, having wondored before where the mistress of tho house- might be. 'Oh, mamma isn't well ; sho has one of her bad beadache3 ; sho is in her morning- room,' was the reply. ' Well, I .suppose we must go and see hor. Come my daughters ;' and Mr. Willoughby led the way, tho two girls following, through tho green liaizo doors which shut off the schoolroom nurseries from tho rest of the house, into a great hall, down a long corridor, at tho further end of which he knocked gently at a door. A sweet, languid voico, said, ' Come in,' and they entered a dainty and charming boudoir, where a faded looking, but still young and pretty woman, was reclining in a graceful attitude on tho sofa. ' Well, luy dear, I am sorry to hear you aro so unwell,' said Mr. Willoughby, in his strong, hearty voico. ' It is nothing now for me to suffer, George,' was the reply ; 'and indeed it is little wonder aftor the fatigue and anxiety I have had. ;Is this your nioco ? Forgivo mo for not rising to icceivo you, my dear, I am suffering so very much. Havo you had a very tiring journey ? I hops Frank has given you somo tea, but she is generally too thoughtless to remember such things.' 'Indeed, sho has beon very kind,' said Angel, in a sweet low voice with a slight foreign accent. 'I have had somo tea in tho schoolroom.' Frank was standing bolt upright, looking out of the window, with rather a defiant expression en her face, and seemed not to hear the question and answer. Mr. Willoughby glanced at b,or rather anxiously. ' i'03, yes,' ho said, ' wo have been to the schoolroom and seen all the children except Put. They all seem perfectly well.' 'Well!' repeated Mm. Willoughby/ with a smile of sad sweetness, and in her gentle voice — in vittue of that voice and smile Mrs. Willoughby had many admirers — 'indeed they aro well, if noise be a sign of health. My nerves are com pletely shattered with the fracas. The boys, too) always in mischief, and Frank, who should bo a good influenco, encouraging them by her. oxamplo ! Do you know 'what she has been doing in your absence !' — Frank did not move a. muscle — 'Sho rodo that new chestnut horse of yours the othor day, and it ran away with her, all across the park.' 'Frank,' said Mr. Willoughby, turning round quickly, ' you should not havo done that ! You know I did not wish you to ride that chestnut.' ' I am verry sorry, daddy,' said Frank, hor expression relaxing, but it hardened again as hor mother said—' I am glad to find, George, that you can see Frank is not always right. 'Woll, well,' replied Mr. Willoughby sooth ingly, ' I am back again now, my dear, so you will have no more trouble, Tako your cousin up stairs, Frank, and introduco hor to Pot; and mind you aro not late for dinner with your chatter, for I'm as hungryas a hawk,' 'I am afraid I must say good-night to you now, my dear,' said Mrs. Willoughby languidly, ' as I am suffering too much to go in to dinner. Frank, be sure your cousin has everything comtoriauio, ana— wny aon s you iook at me whon I speak to you, Frank ? your mannors aro not at all protty. I hopo you will take example by your cousin'a nice, quiet ways.' 'Well, well,' broke in her v husband, iu an impatient tono this time, 'wo shall all bo lato for dinner, if wo don't go at once. Bo off, girls !' So tho cousins loft the room, Angola feeling much inclined to echo the sigh of relief with which Frank closed the door bohind her, 'Will you como and seo Pet now before I show you your room ?' asked Frank, and she proceeded to lead tho way up tho great staircase, along corridors, up steps and down steps, Angela following in uttor bowildennent, till at last tho nursery was reached, whore a littlo child was being washed by a fat, old nurse. 'Holloa, Frank'' called a baby voico, a3 tho two girls enterod tho room, and in one second tho mito of two years old dived under tho nuiso'e arm out of the bath, and, with th? wator streaming from hor littlo white body and {joldon curls, ran into Frank's Arms with a shout of j triumph, '.Did you over boo auch a child ?' said tho old nurse. ' Como back diroctly. Miss 1' Frank caught up tho litto soft wet thing, and holding lior high in tho air ran across tho room and put hor into tho bath again, tho child laugh.- - ing gleefully. ? ' ' Well, I do doclare, Miaa Frank, you'ro as bad a3 tho baby horself ! ' said the nurso. ' Just look how you've messed your nice clean white frock !' . ,*'0h, you cro33 old woman!' replied Frank laughing. ' Coss old 'ooman,' ochoed Pot. ' Frank, bing Pet tobeddiea.' ' Yes/ you shall havo eomo atra wherries my Po$, Now kiss this lady, and say, ' How do you dot dear cousin Angol.' ' ' How do dear to3in Andsel,' echoed Pet obediently. ' Pet doin' to have tpbbedies.' Angol laughed, and kissed tho protty littlo thing, while the nur30 said — 'You'll make that child ill with all them ' tobbedie3,' as Bhe calls 'em, Miss Frank. And is this Miss Angela ? I hopo I soo you woll, Miss. Why you'ro the vory moral of your poor doar .Par !' , 'Papau3ed often to toll me about you, Mrs. Smith,' said Angela. ' You are Mrs. Smith, aro you not?' ' Yes, Miss, I am ; and Mr. Francis told you about me, did he ? Why, I remember' — — ' You must tell Angela all about it another timo^NurBOy, or we will bo lato for dinner,' broke in Frank, ' I know we shall stop here till to-morrow morning if you begin with your 'remembers;' come alone, Angol ;' and amidst 'shouts from Pet of ' Frank'1 and 'Tobbodios,' )the girls loft the room. ' Tho next morning Angel awoke to an uncertain recollection of where sho was. The great stable clock was striking six, and for a moment she fancied it tho convent bell. Then came a clearer : remembrance of her whereabouts. Sho sprang out of bed and was standing at the window look ing out at tho bright fresh morning, when Frank softly pushed open the door, — ' Up already, Angol !' she exclaimed. ' Oh, I am accustomed to convent hours,' said Angel laughing. ' We always got up at half-past five in summer, and at six in winter.' ' Well, that is oven earlier than I am used to. Aren't you tired this morning? Hadn't you better stay in bed ? or will you come for a walk, and sec all about thcplaco !' ' Oh, walk please,' said Angol. ' I am not at all too tired ;' and accordingly Frank went off to dress, recommending hor cousin to 'hurry on her clothes,' a process which somewhat accu rately described her own way of making her toilette. The two girls wero longing to make friends, yet .each a little shy of the other, as they went out into the park together. They made a pretty con trast ; Frank so f re3h and bright and fair, Angol with a lovely pale pure faco, like that of some sculptured saint, and great dark eyes gazing out timidly from beneath their long curving lashes at tho new world around her. It seemod vory strange to her convent notions to go out like this into the free morning air without leave asked or permission given, but it was as pleasant as strange ; and soon tho cousins wero chatting gaily as they scrambled in tho wet grass, gather ing wild flowers, listening to the birds, and watching the doer, which, as the girls approached, rose from their coverts in the brachen, and bounded lightly away. ' Ob, how beautiful and pleasant every thing 13 here !' said Angel, as they, stopped to rest on an old stone bridge over the river, and watched the grey glassy water swirling beneath. ' May we often come out to walk like this, Frank ?' ' May we ? Of course we may, if we like to. What did you do at this time of the morning in the convent, Angel?' ' Soven o'clock ? Woll, I will toll you. I will tell you our day. Wo got up at half-past five in summer. In three-quarters of an hour we must be dressed. Then I played on the organ, or on the piano sometimes, till it was time for the niaas at seven o'clock. Then we had breakfast, and after that recreation for an hour, then wo went en dassc till twelve o'clock. Then came dinner ; then again we had recreation in tho garden till two. Then en clasie till four ; then we had our cafe de quatre heurcs ; then camo tho salut ; then again recreation for an hour ; then en classe till eight, and then wo had suppor, and then we went to bed.' ' What a curious life !' said Frauk. ?' How I Bhould hate it ! I like to como in when I like, and go out when I like ; aud I always do, too, what's more !' ' That must bo vory pleasant,' said Angela ; ' but I was very happy at oho convent, too,' and sho sighed a little. ' How long wore you there ?' 'More than five years, I think. Yes, it was before dear papa went to Mexico I entered thore.' ' How did you come to go there ?' ' Woll, we were at Spa one summer. Papa went to the ' liedoute' every night to play, and my bonno Theroso used to go out and leave me all alone. I did not tell that she did bo, because she 'said it would be selfish of me to provent her from seeing her friends ; but oh, what terrors I did Buffor all alone ! Well, one night that I am alone, as of ordinary, I sec a droadful white thing moving, moving up to me. I thought it a revenant, what do you say ? a ghost ! I screamed and -screamed, and at last the landlady heard me -and camo running up, and thon I had fainted.' 'What was it ?' said Frank, breathlessly. ' Oh, it was only tho moonlight on a white curtain. I was a very silly child to bo. afraid; but Madame Foasotto told papa that I had been all alono, and then papa saw Thercse could not bo trusted, and besides ho bfgan to seo I should be educated ; so ho sent mo to tho Filles de la Croix at Liege.' **Aud before that whore did you live ?' ' Oh, wo wandered about. We wero at Baden twosummers, and tho wintors in Homo. Before that, beforo mamma diod, wo wero mostly in Italy. Thon after I wont to the convent, I spout tho first holidays with papa in neidelberg, at Profossor Scblcirmacher'a, arid that ivaa almost the last time I ovor saw papa. The noxt spring ho'cann [to say good-bye to mo, and wont away to Mexico, and it wa3 good-bye indeed, for he ia doad !' and the girl finished with a sob. Frank folt warm sympathy, but waa entirely unused to tho sight or oxprcsnion of emotion, and was therefore too Rby to any anything. ' Angel felt for a momont chilled by her cousin's want of effusion, but had— fortunately for horself — an elastic) cheerful temperament, and Boon recovered her serenity as sho gazed around her at the lovoly scene. The dow was glittering on the grass and on tho tall forn ; tho rooks wore vory busy cawing and fus3iog and flying about ; the loaves of tho olm trees fluttered in tho morning breeze ; tho birds wero singing and twittering ; all the world Boomed bright and fresh and alive. Impossible not to be happy on such a summer morning ! Aftor a charming walk through the park and through a little booch-wood whero stood an old grey-stone, ivy-covored chapel, the cousins came homo by another way into tho stable-yard, as Frank had to pay her usual morning visit to all tho animals. First, sho went into the stables and gave a caress and a lump of sugar to every horse, from tho big carriage horses to the little rough pony, and Benjamin's portion to her own protty bay mare. Meanwhile Angola, amazed at hor cousin's temerity, stood at a respectful dis tance from tho satin-coated, dangerous creatures, who wero stamping and snorting and turning round their graceful heads and great dark eyes. Then out came rushing all the dogs, Mumboand Jumbo, tho two pugs ; Sandy, the little Scoter torricr, and Duke, tho big Newfoundland, Frank's especial property, the great deer-hound Roswal, had accompanied them on their walk. Then Angela was taken to visit the rabbits with their soft, fluffy coats, and then to collect the eggs from the hen-house ; and lastly the pigeons had to bo fed, and a very pretty picture the two girls made as they throw tho handfuk of grain, and the graceful birds fluttered down from dovecot and stable roof for their morning meal, while the dogs barked and jumped about, and Smut, the black kitlen, with many purrings, called for her share of attention. From tho stable-yard Frank conducted her cousin round to the schoolroom window, and there at the head of the table sat Miss Primrose, looking as if sho had not left it since teatime the night beforo. 'Where are tho boys?' inquired Frank, for only the littlo girls and Maurice wore present. ' Gone off fishing,' said Evhel. ' Thank goodness !' ejaculated Frank, ' Now I can havo my day to myself in peace.' ' But Frank,' said the governess iu a tone of mild dismay, ' I thought you said you would begin lessons again to- day. I daresay your cousin can help you with your French and Gorman.' 'I daresay you'd like it, Priuuny dear! As if I'd do lessons oa the longest day of the year, and Daddy just home and all ! Why, I am going all over the farm with Daddy, and I am going to help Angol unpack, and take her for a drive, and teach her croquet. No, my Primrose, you are too early a flower in the year ; much too innocent !' Frank throw her arms round tho governess's neck and nearly strangled hor with kisses, while Angel looked on amused but much surprised at the absence of all discipline. ' But, Frank' — began Miss Primroso again. ' No, Mrs. Olivia Wakefield,' interrupted Frank, 'I am wof going to do any Ie3sons to-day. You can catch Angel and teach, hor if you like ; she- is j ust come from a convent, so perhaps she will be obedient ; but as for me, ' Britons never, never, never, will bo slaves !' ' and Frank Logan to sing Rulo Britannia, in which the children joined, until poor Miss Primrosa was half dis tracted with the noise. Presently Angel broke in with an exclamation of dismay, ' Do you know, Frank, it's nine o'clock?' ' Yes, I know,' said Frank, ' there goes the gong. 'Aren't you hungry ? lam.' ' But wo can't go to breakfast liko thi3. My feet aro all wet, and my dress is dirty, and my hair is coming down !' ' Well, since you are bo pirticular,' said Frank, serenely indifferent to the precisely similar condition of her own toilette, ' come upstairs and put it all to rights.' Mr. Willoughby's kindly morning greeting was very pleasant to Angela, and the comfortablo English breakfast seemed to her extraordinarily luxurious. Frank presided over tho tea and coffeo, as hor mother never appeared on the scone till tho middle of the day, and Frank also kept the basket of keys, and did all the housekeep ing. During breakfast the post-bag was brought in, and Mr, Willoughby exclaimed, as he ex tracted from it a letter on thin Indian paper, ' A lotter from Vivian, Frank !' ' Read it quick, papa, and tell mo what he says,' said Frank, ' as I suppose I shall have to go in a minuto and talk to the 'Butt-cher,' as Simpkins calls him.' ' Woll, ho seems to bo going on some wild goose-chase up to Western Thibet, to study Buddhism. After that, however, ho says ho must come hack to Europe, as thore is some infor mation he want3 to hunt up for his book among the learned poople in Germany ; so wo may ex pect him early next year.' ' Oh, be joyful !' said Frank ; ' I hopo he's had enough of ' India's coral strand,' and won't go out there any more. Dear old Vivian ! It will bo awfully jolly to ihave him horo again !' ' By the way, Frank, I was very Borry to mis3 Harry's flying visit. When is he coming back again?1' ' I don't know, Daddy.' ' And whore has hegono to no*? ?' 'ThoCurrftgh,Ituink.' ' Did you aeo tho beautiful lockot Harry gave Frauk ?' broke ia Ethel, who was eating straw borrioa from her father's plate. ' No ; whore is it, Frank r' ' Upstairs ; I will get it by-and-by. Now I must go and order dinner ;' and Frank wont quickly out of tho room, while at tho same moment the old butlercntered with a request that ' Miss Angola would be so kind as to go and sco tho mistress.' 'Woll, I aiUBt bo off,' said -Mr. Willoughby, lookiug at his watch. '.Aogol, will you toll your aunt that I havo have had a lotter from Vivian Vane, and that he is going on 'an expedition to Tliiliot, and U coaling homo noxt year.' Angol delivered hor message, and then with girlish curiosity asked, 'And who is Vivian Vane ?' Woo betide the person who ovor asked a question of Mrs. Willoughbyj' for aho always had such a. flood, .of -infonnatipn to pour out in rolurn, all doliverod in a monotonous ,and plain* tivo voice, and mpsb probably of a -perfeotly ua« interesting Btyle. ..„.,.' ' ? ??? She now proceeded to fa vox, Angol- with a ; long family history, apropos to, ;Vivian- Vane, inter* sporsed with personal recollections and opiniona, Angela was a good listener, and on this and othor occasions hoard a great deal about Vivian and Harry Vano, of which thia wa3 the gist : — They woro sona of Mrs. Willoughby's first cousin, who had been brought up with hor as a sister till sho married Sir Richard Vano. Sir Richard had a fine place in Devonshire, but was a crotchety - tiresome, stingy, old man, and his sons woro happier and more at homo at Crofton that at St. Miohael's, their fathor's place. Vivian was thfl oldest son, but at present Harry was the be3t off; for an uncle had left him a nice place, and £6000 a year. He was still in the cavalry, which Mrs. Willoughby considered absurd now that ho had such a good property ; but he was do* voted to his profession. Vivian was very brilliant and talented, but not enough like othor people. He was a sort of universal genius,1 there' wan scarcely anything ho hadn't done, or didn't do. When ho was quito a boy, for instance, 'be had volunteered with Garibaldi. Then ho bad gone to Cambridgo, and taken high honors ia classics. Then into tho cavalry ' And -out to India with his regiment. Aftor about a year there, ho had como home on leave, had gone into society a great deal, and had published a book of poems which made a good deal of talk. After that, to the astonish ment and scandal of his family, he had declared hi3 intention of loaruing somo profession that might make him of use in tho world, had sold out of the army, gono to Paris, and regularly studied medicine for two years, walking the hos pitals, and all that. A3 if that were not wild enough, he had said next that he was going out to India to writo a book on tho literature and religions of that country, and he had been thoro now nearly for two years. Ho did not get on very well with his father, which was not sur prising, for Vivian had such odd Radical notions ; ^ and imagine a man of his family and position be coming a medical student ! The conversation was interrupted by Ethel's voice outside tho window — ' Mamma, is it true that coimu Angol is a Papist, and believes iu the Virgin Mary, 'and burning people alive, and all that? — O-d-o-h ! I didn't know you were here !' and Ethel tldd in horror. 'I hopo you will forgive these wild children, my dear,' said Mrs. -Willoughby ; ' iu my State of health it is impossible to keep much order ; and I fear it is a very unruly household. Whero can Frank be? Oh, hore she is- Frank, mind you make your cousin happy and at homo ; and ask nurso to look over her things, and see what dresses mnst be got. Now my dears, I must ask you to go, for my head requires some rest. 0 Frank ! by the way, your grandmamma is coming noxt week, aud she has heard of a really good finishing governess for you. Don t bung the door, mind !' 'Grandmamma coming; and a governess !' exclaimed Frauk, as soon as the door was shut. '? Angel, I think I shall be ill and go to bed.' ' Is your grandmamma mcchante, then?' asked Angel, astonished at the dismay in hor cousin's fuce. ' Wait and see,' was the mysterious answer? 'But a -finishing governess— and of grand mamma's choosing ! I won't stand it. It's bad enough to have gradmamma here bullying every one except Nolly, and turning her into the most affected little pus3 that ever walked. But a finishing governess to botber us from morning till night ; and in the boys' holidays too !' Frank's disgust became too strong for words. ? ? ' Well,' said Angol consolingly, 'perhaps sho will not come after all.' 'No, perhaps not,' said Frank, brightening.' ' Any way, thero's no good bothering about it. Come and seo all over tho house, Angel,' and Frank marched on singing, ?' ? For it's always beat to take things In a quiet sort of way !'' 