110I3EHTS, THE UILLIAIiD CHAMPION. FIUST EXHIBITION MATCH. (From ilie Argus.) The first billiard match played in Victoria by Kobcrts, junior, the English champion o£ the. game, and beyond all question the first living player at " Knglish" billiards, took place oil Thursday night, at the Athemuum Hall. The event excited very groat interest among not only the regular billiard circles of the city, but also iu many quarters outside those charmed lines. The latter fact is easily accounted for by the circumstance that but few of our suburban mansions arc considered complete unless they include a billiard-room, and that the game is liald in high favor by a very extensive class of the community. |n consequence, Huberts' first exhibition of his skill was witnessed by a large number of spectators. The hall was fitted up as a kind of amphitheatre, of which the table formed the arena. The seats were arranged quadrangularly, one above the other, each ulford iug nil excellent view of tile proceedings, and tlicy were filled by an assemblage which was highly representative of nearly every class of billiard amateurs amongst U3. From 500 to GOO persons must have been present. The play sur passed anything ever seen in Melbourne, even when the elder Huberts was here, and was watched with an eagerness that frequently found vent in enthusiastic applause. The ex traordinary speed with which the champion scored-making bis 1,000 points in one hour f>3 minutes-deprived the least excited spectator of any sense of weariness, and the evening passed deligb: fully. At the conclusion of the game Huberts was warmly congratulated. With the experience of only ouc match to go upon, it is diilieult to pronounce decisively upon the leading features of Roberts' play. We may, however, without presumption, dwell upon so many of its characteristics as were exhibited last evening, and compare them with those of his father, who is, of course, the only standard of comparison we in this country are able to set up. In the first place the two are essentially dilierent, both in style and execution. The elder Koberts, when in Victoria, brought to bear upon his per formances remarkable visual power, and an enormous strength of wrist, and iu consequence his play was ina-kej by brilliant variety and wonderful lours ile force. His sun, on the other hand, plays with extreme softness, depending mainly upon his precision and good judgment. His fertility of resouree is so great as to make his actiou seem to the superficial observer al most tame, but that impression disappears the instant notice is taken of his exquisitely mea sured force, aud scarcely qver failing accuracy. An instance of the distinction between the two players is afiiorded by the faot that last night Hoberta never once attempted to make a suc cession of winning hazards oil the red into a middle pocket - a favorite practice of his father - but devoted himself more parti cularly to cannons, nursing the bails together, and, of course, the spot stroke. .Furthermore, ho rarely played with great force, except onca or twice, when, iu cautioning, he drove tho red ball up and down the table so as to make it re tu 11 to nearly its old position aud come near the white ball, read/ for auofher cannon. Again, Ill: ai.lclilpU'd very ffcW Ot tlUMO ionjr, curling, forcim; camions which his father's prodigious muscular power made so easy to him; but he Ri.'viiiiln'if-i i'l'f-i.pi -uily nmde his ball slide shiiiiiiii/'lv or iniftlv along the cushions, jifiniits, above :ill curried out his preconceived play in a style never before seen i;i this country. His spot strokes were also beyond nil compaiison better llnin his father's, and, which is even more remarkable, he be trayed no eagerness to indulge himself in that line, for lie frequently distinctly declined to recur to them, prefer rug to rely upon his splendid cannoning facility. Further remarks in this direction we will not now venture upon. The subjoined figures will give an idea of the speed of his play. He scored as follows: 100 points ill 11 minutes 200 300 400 500 GOO 700 800 UU0 1000 Totals ' ... 118 raiuutes I lis leading breaks wore . S° points, including 13 spot strokes 59 .. 1G » m » 38 » . » jq0 i( 13 nursing cannons j59 " 51 spot strokes .1" points, without ft spot stroke. The "ame was played with Mr. Albers, of the Theatre ttjyal Billiard Saloon, a performer oE merit, who, singularly enough, never in his life look a billiard- cue in hand until after he saw the elder Roberts play in Melbourne 12 years ago. Ue received 400 out of 1,000 points. The usual misses were given at the start on both sides, and Roberts soon commenced to score with cannons and losing hazard* so quietly made that the spec tators hardly took notice of them until they discovered alter a few minutes what that, sort of thing meant. Wben, however, the saw his b-Us -lipping slowly along the side cushions and then cur g sharply, by the force of an hitherto un suspected t-vist! into the pocket ; aud further more, when the succession of not too difficult cannons that presented themselves for csccu o i were fouaJ. to be the simple result of a subtl, preconcerted arrangement, and most exqmstU, > judged pace and direction, a very different fee lu" was exhibited. Applause frequently broke out and the champion scored lus first 100 amidI lou cheers At about this period he made us bicak of 82, including 13 spot strokes. Ihe bitter were greatly relished by the ^ecta.tor^., vl " looked anxiously for a great display °{ slv U ,1 respect to them. At the «°<>clus10" thc break the game stood-Roberts 10J, Albou 417. While the next 100 were being SLOicd by the champion, he made breaks o ~~ and 59, tho latter including sixteen cou «oc»Uve snot strokes, tuvd some marvellous cannons. The latter were not forced with any brilliant display of dexterity, but ma< e* by strokes so devised and performed that tile balls frequently went up and down the table be ore coming to the exact place they were intended to oceuuy. These triumphs in the matter of pate were? perhaps, the feature of the evening. When the gam'e stood-ltoberts 232, a.u A bers 4'io the latter, who was vei y nervous, began to improve, and during the following 40 »'1»u^3 ana-cd several breaks of between 20 mid 30 Nevertheless at no time had he the .lightest chance ot the game. When Roberts stood at 245 He made a superb break of 113 points m eUuiiu" 38 spot strokes. The winning hazard with which he began seemed to the quite a miracle of delicate softness. At tins stage many of the spectators began to spccula c whether Albevs would be caught up before 500 was scored, but the local player fought stoutly and successfully to prevent that catastrophe. His efforts did not, however, avail bun long. When Roberts's score stood ?<-' 405 against 503, he made another great break of 120 points, in cluding 3S spot strokes, and it would probably have been longer but for thc fact that when the champion reached 500 both players adjourned for a quarter of an hour for refresh ment-an example which was followed by the spectators generally. For the next ten minutes the play, although tremendously fast was tolerably equal, and, at about the score of GOO all, the two antagonists repeatedly passed each other. That state of things did not last however, and when his score stood at G-9, Itoberts made the break of the evening, viz., 109 points, including 54 (or 162 points) spot strokes. At its conclusion the champion was enthusiastically applauded by theonluokers, who betrayed really intense interest iu the progress of the play. From that time out the hero of the ni.'ht had it all his own way, scoring, as the figures given above show, with extreme rapidity, lie made several fair breaks of 35,32, 27, 29, 28, 42 and so oil, and at 20 minutes after 10 o clock the game (which began at 7 minutes past 8 » m.) stood-lioberts, 1,000; Albers, 6SG. We may add that the arrangements of the room were wholly under lloberts's superinten dence, aud thev were found excellent, ihe marking was well done by Charles Ilcarn lue table was manufactured bv Aleock and Co. ex pressly for the occasion. To-day Roberts will play two matches. Ihe lirst, whifli ladies are invited to attend, anil during which no smoking will be allowed, will be"in at three p.m. In the evening, the cham pion will play Bergiu, giving Uim 350 out of 750,and two balls in each of a series of games of pyramids. - The Courier says-We understand that Mr. Fry intends to present a gold cup for competi tion at the forthcoming rain show ill Ballarat. ANOTHER New Plan'ist.- The small planet, No, 160, the telegraphic announcement of which was mentioned in the Atltenmm of 4th March, was discovered by Dr. C. II. I', leters, of Hamilton College, Clinton, United Staets, on 21st February. It has since been observed at Paris and other places. A curious accident, says the Star, happened on Thursday to a little daughter of a boatman named Priestley, living near Lake Wcndonrce. The girl, with several others, was playing in a paddock where a cow was grazing, and without .inv warning thc cow rushed the group of chil dren and kneoked little Priestley down, break inIT her arm. The child was taken to the bos pitiil, where her arm was set, after which the parents took her back home. Ah.uuan HORSUS.-The Singleton correspon dent of the Maillunil Mercury writes:-It may not be generally known we have amongst U9 two veritable children of the desert, viz., a horse .i,id a mare, bought from their breeders in the desert These valuabU auimals are the pro perty of Mr. W. J. Dangar and Mr. A. A. Dun gar, respectively, of Neotsfield and Batoona. They were selected and purchased for the Messrs Dan,rar by Citptain Upton (author ot Newmarket and Arabia), who vent out speci ally commissioned for the purpose, and from first to last was occupied ten months in pro-, curing them, having at the last some difhculty in .retting the ivuimtvls out of the country, neaoMi talmcr an order irom Lord Derby to accom plish" it The horse, named Alif, now rising four years, is a beautiful dark brown, with black points, and the smallest possible star on the forehead; he was bought some time before tho mare, and is a strong, well-knit colt showing a great deal of blood-that sine qua nun of a pure-bred Arab. The mare Jemima is a bay, witli a little white on face, and near hind foot white. Captain Upton, iu advising Mr. A. A. Damiar of the purchase, says:- I have boimbt for you in the desert, from the Goiuassa tribe of the Sebaa Anezi, who are the Bedouin of the Nedjid, iv bay mare, lite years old, stand ing nearly Ut'teen hands high. She is of the most esteemed blood, she has a love y head, eye, and fine nostril, and very beautiful action, and what is very rare out here, is free froii) bleach -for it is difficult to hud horses uublumished after three years of age.' Again, he says, sneaking of tho difficulties of purchasing in the desert: 'No Aral, will ever take his horse for sale- even iu their encampments, they don't care about selling. l'lcasc to quite understand that your brother's eolt and your mare are per fectly pure-bred Arabs, and hud nothing to do with Syria until I took them there to get them home * The horse and mare first saw the sea and were shipped at Iskeiidevouu, on the surf of the same, name, for Marseilles; thence they were t iken across France and the Channel to Lng laud, when, after a rest, they were shipped for the Ion" sea route, and both landed in Sydney in excellent health aud condition. Messrs. Dangar .ue to be congratulated oil their good luck so f ir and it is to be hoped that it may continue, and "ive them som? return for their enterprise, for we are assured tli.it these two Arabs repre sents a goodly sum of money. Lastly, Captain Upton advises that they are both catered iu the Kiidish Stud Book, together with two mares named Kezia and Kerenhappuch, tint he brought over at the same lime for a noted Lngli=u 'wi-n-i-iNQ A. GIIOST.-The following is related by the Southern Argus: -A wag, in endeavoring to play off a practical joke, was well "sold a few nights ago. It appears that, since a man named" Jeffrey was drowned in a creek some time back on the Gundary Plains, a ruilior has prevailed that a ghost has shown itself to tra vellers along the Bungotiia-1'oad, at or near the place where the unfortunate man had been drowned. A resident of Buugooia, riding home from Goulburn the other night, found that his horse could not be persuaded to pass the haunted spot, aud, looking forward, he saw something white swaying from side to side on the road. Thc Butigouiaite dismounted, and succeeded in leading his horse up to where the supposed ghost was displaying his terrifying powers! and then, suddenly mounting his annual, he at tne same time gave a sharp cut of his whip across the face of the ghost, who emitted, not a blue flame, with the attendant dissolving mto thin air, hut a painful sound, perfectly human, and made a rush for an, adjoining fenco, which the gho t ninthly, got over before the horseman, who closely pursued him,' was able to administer another cut of the yrhip. I THE VICTORIAN HIW-EMUN.-A private letter received from one of the Victorian riflemen on bimt'd the Bangalore savs:-'. Our fellows are all very well. We rigged up a kite to day, with 200 yard'; of twine to it, to practise the No. 1 American match at. Being standing position v/e are not very ait fait at this shoulder position, so are going to practise it during the voyage at a flying target. Other amusements on board we have instituted to keep the fellows in good train ing, and they have plenty of walking exercise, three times a day, so that we trust we shall ar rive fit to shoot for a kingdom. We shall go straight to practice on arrival in London, and shall telegraph Captain Jiildmay, the secretary o£ N.R.A., from Aden to have our rifles ready, and a range for practice secured, prior to 5th July."-Telegraph. 