'CUSTOMS" OF. 'DAHOMEY. The annual " customs!' of. Dahomey are three in number, the =So-sin, the watersprinkling; and the Ato. At the watersprinkling.custom, which -means in the Dahoman sense of the word bloodsprinkling, the -king sacrifices one or two slaves: and pours their blood on the grave-ofrhis ancestors. This is done as mark , of-respect, and, moreover, is considered as necessary for their welfare by the Dahomans'as-masses for the soul of the dead are by the Homan Catholics. The So-sin, which takes place about the end of December, is the most curious of- Dahoman customs, and is opened, as all African-festivals are, by loud discharges of musketry, The victims to be sacrificed are ccmfmedm a wattle hut, called •the victim-house,: in the. market-place. Each prisoner is bound to the stool on which -he .sits, and is prevented from attempting to escape by Jong ropes fastened--to his limbs,. and: stretched tightly to the.beams, roof, and uprights of the building. They, are- attired in long' white -,-nightcaps. adorned with festoons of:blue ribbons, and swear, white shirts -decorated -at the .neck and sleeves with red,, with a large . red patch sewn on to the' left breast over-the .heart.- The-long, escorted by a bodj-guard of Amazons,- walks -round the. town -and ' examines the victims. This generally terminates the- proceedings of the first day,. the custom-- itself lasting : three days. O11 the second day the relics of the preceding monarch-are -exhibited"in:' a shed:, in; the- mavket^ilace, and all present pay devout -obeisance to them, believing that the spirit of the departed king is presentj -and that-he would 'fear-- fully resent any want of respect 'Then various idances,-symbolical of charging; in battle, decapitating prisoners, <fcc, are performed by the Amazons, the. king himself sometimes joining 'in. One dance follows another in qnick succession till a late hour, when all retire to refresh themselves" for the exertions of the next day. On the morning of the third day the, king displays all his wealth, :to impress the populace with his superiority and power: Processions of fetish men:and- women, then -pass 'before the king, bearing with them liumerow ;small :fetish ' images .of "clay. These having passed «n,.the king munificently throws strings of cowries among the crowd to be scrambled for. The mob fight, scratch, kick, and .bite to obtain possession of even -one single cowrie and men frequently get .maimed, and even killed 'in the melee; but if «his< should happen ^10 notice is taken ^fit. take place. At. night the victims are sacrificed, amid the loud booming of the death-drum and reports of muskets. The numW of men sacrMcedinlpiiblib': is about twenty, and the same number are put io^death-by-the iamins i ^ h ^ f the precints -of the palace, where. 310 man is present to inquire- too inquisitively into their peculiar rites. It has. been - said, though I know not 'with what : .truth, . that the . unfortunate 5 wretches are .made intoxicated so as to :be heedless :of. what- is^going on ^aiound; them, and.to make them-die pleasanfly.- Most of. those ; execntediin public iare killed simply by. decapitation, the king himself generally. Betting the example by -striking off the head -of a kneeling victim with a sharp sword. . A few, however,' are .beaten -to death by/blow3 .with cl«V)», and are.then Iron^; by ifce heel s irom rough gallows, wh ere they remain - for- several j days . naked arid mutilated in-a-horrible' manner. The human "sacrifices -which. Stake place in •Dahomey;.are bad. enough, but they are Jnot :-qmte. f so horrible as .those of Ashantee; yet, strange to say,"-the ^former nation-has the -worse jreputation. of the two, vand is considered the more bloodthirsty r and barbarous. . 1 No.doubt; ;this arises from the,,faci that Dahomey was, • until - lately, - better known to Europe than Abhantee, : and . consequently, while the fulLatrocities: of the former iv«re published, those of the latter were- haTdly ::guessed. The number of human beings annually put to death in Dahomey does not, J believe, usually exceed eighty,-while in Ashantee they may be numbered by- hundreds;' where also they are subjected to greater refinements of cruelty,-which the victims, of fetishism in-Dahomey-escape. - Contrary to what :takes place in : Ashantee, where such numbers are killed at -the decease of any person of rank, only one slave in Dahomey is sacrificed at the demise of the persons next in authority to the? king himself. . The king, of Dahomey considers it necessary, however, to- communicate, any event of importance to his ancestral ghosts, and a. man or woman is always put to death to. act as a spiritual messenger on these occasions. At the grand custom, which takes place :&t; the death of a king, the blood of the slain is collected into shallow pools, about 3 feet square, and this circumstance may-have given rise •to the story of the "Jake, of blood,', wherein the king's canoe might float, as it is universally acknowledged that, the early travellers were more, inclined to exaggerate than idepreciate the wonders they discovered.—Sunday Magazine; ? ? 