WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1876. The grounds of opposition taken against the present Ministry were, that they had no policy, that they were incompetent and untrustworthy, and that they were re- sponsible for the acts of their predecessors. On all three issues the Opposition broke down most ignominiously, and the Ministry have come out of the debate triumphant. The speeches delivered by the ministerial side of the House were remarkable for calmness and deliberation, whilst those of the Opposition — with the exception of Mr. McIlwraith's and Mr. King's — were characterised by a gross personality and offensiveness of tone hitherto unpre- cedented in our Assembly. That the Ministry have a policy, is abundantly proved by the measures already introduced by them, and the estimates they have sub- mitted for the construction of a general scheme of railways. It is of very little consequence to the country whether this policy has been the result of the pressure brought on the Ministry or not. When the Ministry took office, the uncertain position of affairs in Europe rendered it inexpedient, in the opinion of the directors of the Union Bank of Australia in London, our Government Bank, to put another Queensland loan in the market, and the Ministry, guided by their advice, hesitated to undertake any large loan ; since then, however, the Colonial Treasurer has been advised that things have im- proved, and he intends asking the House for another loan. Without a large loan no extensive works policy could have been undertaken, and once that fact became a certainty, the policy of the Ministry as- sumed firmness and consistency. No fair allowance was made by the Opposition for the unavoidable difficulties meeting the Ministry on entering office, and the delays in drawing up a regular policy, consequent on the re-election of several members of the Ministry. The Opposition wished to rush the Treasury benches, and, in their mad haste, set aside all decency and self- control. Mr. King complained that the Ministry had stolen his policy, but he was disposed of by the Colonial Treasurer effectually. Mr. King's policy was to borrow £350,000 out of loan for the con- struction of a railway from Maryborough to Gympie, and £500,000 out of loan to construct a railway from Bundaberg to Mount Perry ; to borrow £850,000 to construct two lines of railway. Neither side of the House would have supported such a proposition. The policy of the Government is to construct, not only those lines, but others as well, not out of loan, according to Mr. King's proposal, but out of the proceeds of land sales in the districts through which the lines run, on the principle of the Roma extension, and to borrow only what would be neces- sary to cover the surveys and preliminary work on those lines. This policy is likely to be approved by both sides of the House, and commends itself to the common sense of the whole colony. The policy of the Government on the land question and on the other measures laid on the table of the House is liberal and progressive, and even Mr. Macrossan is forced to admit he has no fault to find with it. The real attack on the Ministry was on purely personal grounds — there all the spite and malignity of the Opposition gathered, and broke in a stream of foul vituperation on the heads of the Ministry. The two great Dirt-Throwers of the Oppo- sition were Mr. Palmer and his man, Macrossan. They rolled in filth, and scattered it in bucketfuls over Thorn, Macalister, Griffith, and Hodgkinson. Nothing was too hot or too heavy for those men of foul mouths. Mr. Palmer looked down on Thorn "with contempt." Again and again he repeated the insulting words. Twice called to order, the Bully of the House could not be brought to a sense of shame or forego the use of the low language of his bullock days. The Speaker at last, driven to despair, gave up the ghost and resigned his post in dis- gust. Not to be outdone by his chief, the member for the Kennedy attacks a man behind his back — a brighter and better man than himself ; he piles up calumny on calumny on the absent Hodgkinson ; bursting with bile, he opens the sluicegates of his dirty vocabulary and spares no vile epithet to lower the character of an inno- cent man. Mr. Macrossan is in nice company now ; he believes in the squat- ters ; he is the bosom friend of De Satge, Ivory, and the ultra-merinos ; the old squatting party is dead and buried, he says, and he is the coming man of the pastoral tenants, Disowned by the Liberal side of the House as a malignant and con- tankerous irreconcileable, he sought the ranks of the Opposition — the foes of all progress, all settlement in the colony, and secretly dispised by them as as one of the canaille, he will be used by them for their own selfish purposes. The charge brought by him against Mr. Hodgkinson was tri- umphantly refuted by the Attorney- Generul, and it was shown by him that the enterprise in which Hodgkinson was engaged was a bona fide and honest mining speculation. Perhaps some of Mr. Macrossan's mining speculations might more properly come under the head of "bogus," than that he so unwarrantably and unjustifiably denounced. It is well that the question, "Whether the members of the present Ministry can be trusted" has been raised. Judged by their ante- cedents, there is not a man amongst them who cannot offer good promise of honesty and fair dealing, and Mr. Thorn has already inspired more public confidence than Mr. Macalister ever could com- mand. Mr. Macalister was a man of words, often false and deceitful ; Mr. Thorn is no wordy debater, no bouncing orator of the Palmer type, but a quiet worker, and the change to a man of action from oceans of talk will be a welcome relief to the country. The old members of the Ministry, Douglas and Griffith, are tried and experienced in debate, and the public place great and well-deserved confidence in both. The stand both made in defence of the Education question has intensified. Mr. Macrossan's hatred against them, and driven him to join the ranks of the Kanaka cultivators in pursuit of vengeance. Mr. Dickson, the Colonial Treasurer, and Mr. Stewart, the Colonial Secretary, have given evidence, in their speeches on the Want of Confidence motion, of considerable powers of debate and of sound practical sense and ability. Altogether, the personnel of the Ministry is above reproach, and, though lacking in the power of dirt throwing monopolised by the Opposition, promises to do a satisfac tory amount of useful work for the colony. The charge against the Ministry of being responsible for the acts of their prede cessors, though it occupied a large share in the debate, was the weakest and worst supported of the three issues raised. The Thorn Ministry must stand or fall by its own deeds, and cannot fairly be charged with the shortcomings of its predecessors. The verdict of the country, Press and people, with the exception of the Brisbane Courier, which appears to have gone squatting mad, is in favor of the Thorn Ministry getting a fair trial. If they bring forward good measures and pass them through the House, they will give sufficient proofs of their ability as a Ministry. As men, they are more en titled to public confidence than any Ministry that could be formed out of the Opposition. Out of the eighteen who voted in support of the Want of Con- fidence motion, eleven are squatters, and whatever Mr. Macrossan may affect to believe, the public lands of the colony would not be safe in their keeping. The outside squatters and the Northern squat ters may have no direct interest in the land question now, but they know their time will come to "move on " and make room for settlement, and they would sup port the Merino Ministry to a man against liberal progress. They helped the Darling Downs squatters before to enact a code of land laws for their own benefit, and they would do the same again if the opportu- nity were given them. It is better that even a Queen- street Ministry should remain in power until the ten years leases are settled, than trust the colony to Messrs. Palmer, De Satge, and that mob. We regret there is no Northern man in the Ministry ; but we have a strong hope that the present men, seeing the absolute necessity for great and sweep ing reforms, will prove equal to the occa- sion, and address themselves honestly to the redress of existing evils. 