[?] WHO KILLED JOHN CAMERON ? A Nl£>," NATIONAL AUSTRALIAN I STORY. CHAPTER. XXV 11. 1 n" which 11 antjng8 and v aug han ! Make a Hkholvk. " Where is Katie I" asked Harry as I he refctiraerU Vauglian's hand-pressure. | " What will she think of me for not hurrying to her presence directly I was acquitted? The fact is, those fellows pounced down upon me, and I could not get away from them . " " I'm afraid you will not bo able to see .--Katie even now," said Percy Vaughan with a sigh. " You saw her carried out of court in a swoon while your counsel was trying to shift the crime from your shoulders on to mine! Katie loves me as dearly as though I were her real brother, you know and the accusation was too much for her. She is very ill indeed at the ' Blue Lion in tied, in fact, and ere this I hope lulled te sleep by sedatives: The doctor says that any fresh excitement might bring on an attack of brain fever." "Gracious- Heaven ! and I am the cause of all this !" exclaimed Harry. Do you think she is in any real danger, old friend ?" " The doctor says no if she is kept perfectly quiet, but that he will answer neither for her life; nor her reason if she is excited either jileasureably or otherwise. But come along to the hotel and you can ask the doctor yourself . " , .He took Harry's arm as he spoke, and proceeding by back lanes and streets, so as to avoid the crowd, the two young men at last reached the hotel in que.s tion. Peicy Vaughan -led- his friend, now looking as dejected as though he had been found guilty instead of proved inno cent, into a private parlour, ami, ringing the bell, ordered two glasses of brandy- and-water, inquiring of the dapper little waiting-maid at the same time how Miss Cameron was. " She has at last gone to sleep, sir," was. the reply. "Is Dr. O'Splint still in attendance on her " He has just gone into the billiard- | room after giving instructions to be called instantly should the young lady wake up." Will you ask him to step this way a minute 1 Bay, the lady's brother wants a word with him, and you may bring in a third glass of braudy-and- water," said Percy Vaughan. The doctor and the three glasses of grog entered together. Of course Harry quickly and eagerly questioned the medico about the state of Katie's health. "She has had a severe mental shock, sir — a very severe mental shock — she trembles on the very brink of brain fever, from which only the greatest quietude will save her. She is in a darkened room, and she has taken a strong dose of morphia to produce sleep," was the answer. "ThenHeaven aloneknows when I shall be able to see her," exclaimed Harry Hastings in tones of anguish. " She may be well enough to see you in a week, or she may not be well enough for a month. She raves about you both, so that it would be dangerous for her to see either. Excess of joy would produce in her as serious ill effects as an . excess of sorrow. She needs a lady relative or friend in constant attendance, and who, as she slowly recovers, will gently and gradually break to her that you are both safe, for her lixed idea is, and for some days will be that both suffer 011 the gibbet for the murder of her father," replied the doctor. "Oh, it is horrible !" exclaimed Harry with a shudder. "Very terrible," echoed Percy Vaughan; " and yet not so horrible as we are inclined to think, for Dr. O'Splint says that if all excitement is. -kept from her for awhile she will recover. Now, Katie has not a single relative that she cares about, but there is a young lady now in Goulburn who is amiable and cheerful, and an excellent nurse. For my sake, as well as for my foster sister's, I am sure she will attend on Katie ami with the happiest results." " And who is this young lady 1" asked Harry. " One of your own witnesses, Miss Matilda Garlick. I have known her from a child. I always board at. her mother's house during my stay at Melbourne." " Oh! she is the young lady I presume to whom you once told me you were en gaged, "said Hairy. " Well, she looks a good-tempered, cheerful, amiable girl, and I should think she would do very nicely, if she is charitable enough te accept the office" " Oh, I'm sure she will do that," said Percy. " She doesn't lead too happy a life at home with her mother and sisters, and she will be glad of. the change. Directly Katie is well enough, she shall be driven by easy stages and in a comfort able carriage home to Illawarra, and there Matty shall remain with her until your arrival." ." That would be an excellent plan," remarked the doctor. " A city hotel cannot be kept quiet at all hours, 110 matter who lies ill within. But I know my patient willpiot be well enough to bear removal for fully a week." " Very well, then, she shall stay here a week, doctor. Her bedroom opens by folding doors into another. I will at once retain that other for Miss Garlick. What do you say,. Harry?" " I think that nothing better can be done under the circumstances," answered Harry with a sigh. " Very well, then old fellow. Yon just stop quietly where you are for lialf- an-hour — for 1 know you aren't very- desirous of showing yourself again in public — and by that time I'll have secured the bedroom, installed my volunteer sister-of-chariiy therein, and put things in as good and proper training as ever they can be put in- Come, doctor," and Percy Vaughan and Surgeon O'Splnn quitted the room togther. "Well, he is a noble- hearted fellow after all," thought Harry Hastings to himself. How glad he seems that 1 have established my innocence. I wish Sir David Ireland hadn't tried to shift the guilt from my shoulders on to his. I hope he won't think that it was by Katie's or my sanction or approval that he did it. One blessing, nobody believed him. They could see that he did so because it was his last chance of saving his client. It would have had no effect, though, if the snagger hadn't turned up." So he continued to meditate and solilo quize, until the sound of voices iu the adjoining room attracted his attention. It did so chiefly because the voices were raised in contention, and his own name was frequently mentioned. The partition, too, was a very alight one, so that nearly every word was plainly audible to the" involuntary listener. " Well, I don't see that the snagget proved that the prisoner didn't connnir | the crime," said one voice. I "Nor I," remarked another. "Bome j one must have done it, and he was j more likely to have done it than anyone else." " Anv fellow would come forward and ) . . . swear to anything for a thousand pounds," ejaculated a third. " If. the girl marries him, even though he has got off by a fluke, I should think: she'd be afraid of her father's ghost rising from its grave to cttrse her," said a fourth. The conversation continued for some time, and out of the half-dozen men who took part in it onfy two stuck up for Harry being innocent. The agony of mind of the involuntary listener was terrible. He had fancied that acquitted by the jury, and asssuredby the judge that he left the court without a stain upon his character, all men would deem him innocent. So they had seemed to do at first ; but already a re-action was evidently setting in, and he saw: that in the opinion of many men the brand of Cain would still remain upon his brow. Whilst he was thus reflecting in sorrow and despair,: Percy Vaughan re-entered the room. His face was flushed, and his brow lowering. What is the matter ?" asked Harry. " Oh, nothing," was the reply. "Matty Garlick has entered upon her duties" al ready, and Katie is in a deep sleep." "Yet. nevertheless, you have met with something to annoy you — to annoy you very much," persisted Harry. " Yes, that's true. Impudent fellows in the street have three times hallooed out affcerme, 1 Who killed John Cameron?' 1 suppose I have to thank that precio us barrister of yours for making some of the slow-witted bumpkins think that I com mitted the crime. 'Tis enough to drive one mad." | "I am as sorry as you can be that he I took up such a line of defence Did you. | not see me try and check him once or j twice I I did, I assure you." "I saw you — I saw you," rejoined Percy Vaughan, seizing and pressing his hand. "Yon are not to blame, and I suppose he only used the ordinary license of counsel ; but if it's hard to be pointed out as a mere murderer, how much worse is it to be regarded as the treacherous assassin of a man to whom I owe every thing in life— of a man whom I loved as a parent, and who was as kind to aie as any father '?" "None but the most ignorant or the most prejudiced will think it, old fellow, and they will soon cease to talk of it." " I'm afraid not, Harry, I'm afraid not. This case will be -more than a nine days' wonder. Do you know what I've resolved to do ? Yres, resolved, so do- not try to shake my determination." "I will not; but tell me what it is, Percy." " Well, it is clear that for a month at the very least Katie had best be left alone with Matty Garlick, and the old and sincere servants of the family at Illawarra, who are all warmly attached to her. I should be de trop altogether, and I am resolved that, such being the case, Twill start on a tour of discovery after the murderer of my benefactor. His -appre hension, trial, and execution will alone now clear my name from suspicion:' I feel it, I know it." "I feel and know the same," exclaimed Harry, grasping his friend by the hand. " Suspicion rests still on me too. Would you believe it, out of six men who have' just left the inner room four still think me guilty of the foul crime. I, too, will hunt up the murderer of poor- Mr. Cameron. But we must take different routes, Percy, and that will double our probability of finding him. Which way j will you journey ?" "Well, suppose I- take New South | Wales and Queensland I" i " All right, then I will take Victoria i and South Australia. But should wo both ! fail, what then ?" said Harry. "Why, I will cross over to New Xea- ' | land, and do you extend your journey to I Swan River and Tasmania. Even then j six mouths at most will s"e us both Koine 1 again, and we can write Katie frequently, . telling her what we are about, leaving it ; to Malty Gurliek's discretion when it is ; wise or prudoufc to show her the letters," | replied Percy Vaughan. i " T like the idea., " said Harry, after a ! moment's thought. ".When do you pro pose that we should start I" " 1 shall start at once, for as the doctor says I may not see Katie it is agony to to stay here where everyone-' or nearly everyone st.li regards me as a murderer.'' " Very well, write a letter to Katie, j which 1 will undertake she shall read, or hear read, as soon as ever it is safe for her to do so, and then get you gone. You know f she hat not been taken ill, she would not have liked the wedding to come off until a decent time after her father's death, nor until the idle gossip connected with you both had in some measure subsided," said Percy. "No, no, of course not, of course not," agreed Harry. " Ring for pen, ink, and paper, will you, old fellow ?" The bell was rung, and they were brought. Harry indited a long aaT: mast -loving- epistle to his lady-love, full of earnest and heartfelt gratitude for the assistance she had rendered him, and declaring that but for her he would have been assuredly condemned to death. He proceoded-'to say, that as he was debarred from seeing her for a month by the doctor's orders; he was going to spend that time in an attempt to d scover her father's murderer and bring him to justice, and his friend. Percy 'Vaughan was going to help him in the enterprise. We will not tell all the sweet things that the letter contained, but this was the general purport of it, and when it was finished, he sealed it, and gave it to Percy Vaughan for delivery at a proper mo ment. Then Percy Vaughan told him that he should start the next day but one, and they arranged at what towns and villages each was to expect a letter from the other. They agreed upon a cipher in case tele grams were at any time expedient, and I in fact marked out a systematic plan i which was to be followed out in its en tirety. And an hour later Harry was seated in the night mail for Melbourne, and dashing at a rapid rate towards to metropolis. CHAPTER XXV 1 11. The Fate of the Robespierre, Let us shift the scene from the fertile plains of Victoria to the troublous waves for the great Boutheru ocean. A mighty gale is blowing, and a gallant ship is sti uggling, and to all appearance stuggling hopelessly, to. reach the narrow entrance to Port Philip Bay, her only chance of escaping certain and inevitable destruction by being dashed to pieces upon the iron-bound shore. It is the " Robespierre." ft or weens and weeks she has been essaying and essaying in vain to quit the turbulent chopping seas of Bass's Straits, but contrary winds and boisterous gales have ever prevented her getting to the eastward of "Wilson's Promontory, or to the southward of the Devil's Tower, and at last, encountering a terrible Ixiirrieano she has been so knocked about thereby, that for days and clays, and nights and nights her chain pumps have been clash ing ami clanging all round the twenty- four hours in order to keep her afloat. With her fore and main top-gallant masts carried away, many of her saih hanging in tatters, and great rough jagged holes iu in her bulwarks, where the solid planking lias been shivered into match wood by the force of the hurling - waters, she staggers o'er the seas like a drunken | man, obeying her helm so slovenly that she keeps falling off, and the captain is fearful that -even if he succeeds in reach ing the heads before she founders he will never be able to take her through the narrow gap without her dashing and breaking to pieces agaiiist one of the giajit cliffs that gtiard, like gritn Titans, the entrance to the world's most gigantic and, at the: same time, most landlocked bay. Bhe had floundered past Westernport at daybreak, despite every effort to force her to enter, and now with night coming: on, if she missed entering Port Philip she would scatter her skeleton on the pitiles rocks of Cape Otway, or bury her self to her.: crosstvees in the shivering sands of the Horse-shoe shoal. The captain has been on deck for forty hours, and is almost worn out with anxiety and fatigue, his first and second- offl cers are in no better conditon, and the crew are exhausted with their hard labour at the pumps. '?'! 1 .rue maie passengers, witn one ex ception, have rendered the hard-worked sailors every assistance that lay in their poweiu That exception is John- Clark. \- who, whenever urged to join the pump- gang, answers with a profane oath that he means to husband his strength against the time cctaes to turn it to better accouiit. Amid the wailing of women, the piteous cries of children, wild shriek of the wind, and the fierce roar of the sucocsivo seas that come sweeping over: the bows in avalanches of pale green foam-topped water, flood the main deck to a dop h o" three feet for fully a minute, and I hen rush out through the ghastly rents airl fissures of the shattered bulwarks to leeward, the carpenter comes from, below with a face as white as any ghos j "There are nine feet of water in the j j hold, sir, and the pumps are choke I." he j says to the captain. i " That means that we shall 'founder in j half-an-hour at the most, a id it w ll take I us double that time to beat into ; Port Philip Bay with the ship crippled as she is," ejaculated the second mate, loud enough for some of the streerage. pas sengers, who had taken shelter under the lee of the lofty poop, to hear. "We're sinking, we're sinking,": these people cried, frantically rushing forward : "the second mate says we: shall founder." "Fool i" exclaimed the captain, turn ing angrily on his subordinate; ."see what your incautious speech will lead to. Scarcely had lie uttered the words when a wild cry arose of, " Out with the boats. Out with the boats. They are our, only chance of safety now." American sailors are not so much under control as English ones, and this, appeal found a ready answer in:: their hearts. They cared neither for their officers, nor for their ship, their only thought was for their own safety ; and so, despite the com mands of the captain, they set to work with a will, and the jolly boat was soon over the side. " Will she float, do you think ?" asked John Clark of one of the sailors who was lowering her way. j "Float, yes, if she's not overcrowded ; j she's buoyant as a cork, the jolly boat." I answered the man. j " Stand back there,; stand back, I say." : roared Clark, -drawing- a revolver from: his belt, and threatening the surging, | struggling crowd with it. ' ' Stand back, | or I'll put six bullets through six skulls, j at any rate. Here, Essens and Dawson, j you are two of the strongest and most j experienced hands aboard, go down into ! that boat and halloo back if every requisite ; is in her." j He spoke in such a loud, .stern voice I of command that the two sailors instinc tively obeyed him. i "All right," they shouted a minute later. " See if yon can make the people I come "down one by one master. We can't carry more than a dozen with : nv safety." . " 1 can regulate their descent best from j the boat," answered Clark, and with his revolver still in his hand, and his stern, cruel eye3 menacing the helpless crowd, ho crossed the bulwarks, and with sure foot and head gained the boat. "Now then," he said: with a laugh to the two rowers, " for your own lives if not for mine, out oars. I'm going to cut the tackling. Belt- preservation is the first law of nature, you know." His- revolver was between his teeth and a knife open in his hand in a twinkling. An .instant latter the jolly boat was drifts ing away from the "Robespierre's" side. " Monster— demon exclaimed one of the rowers, whilst a perfect shriek of rage, fury, and despair rose to the dull leaden heavens from the "Robespierre's" decks. " For God's sake let us return and rescue some of those poor helpless wretches There are mothers and young girls and little children amongst them, " said the: sailor. " Then let them all go to — together," retorted Clark fiercely. "The fewer the boat holds the lighter and safer she will ride. 1 would not risk losing my life for: all the '" women and children in creation, so row and row with a will, my tine fellows.'? "Splash splash," there came two heavy falls into the sea. "A man and a woman have sprung overboard. They are trying- to swim to the: boat-. Let us pick: them up, at all events," urged one of the rowers. "Try it on, and, by heavens, I shoot you," roared Clark. "You have only me and yourselves to think of. Land me safely one mile the other side of the Quarantine station inside Port Philip Heads, and I will give you ten pounds each. " "May a blight rest on you and your money," said the sailor who had before spoken. " See, one of the poor wretches has seized hold of the gunwale of the boat. Help her in if you are not an incarnate fiend. We cannot leave our oars." It was the woman who had reached the boat-- she was young and beautiful— her long black hair floated on the water ; -her face was corpse white ; her large dark luminous eyes full of agonised horror ; the white hands that so frantically clasped the boat gunwale gemmed with rings. But neither her youth, sex, nor beauty had any effect on Clark. "With one blow from the butt end of his revolver he dashed her ou the skull, when she instantly let go her hold and sank . " It might have upset the boat, fools, dragging that young woman into her Now pull steadily, for I've shown you what sort of a, man I am. Other boats will be afloat presently, and I've no wish j that any should over take us who saw me do that little job. Do you hear me, rascals ? I swear I will scatter your brains to the four winds of heaven unless you row shore-wards as if you were running a race." His eyes glared like those of a hyena or a tiger as he spoke, and the two men raw that he was terribly in earnest. ; They pulled at the oars, therefore, until ! the veins stood out oil their muscular j anus like whipcord, and Clark steered i skilfully with his left hand, whilst his right continued to grasp the stock of his revolver as it lay across his lap. They had got about four miles away from the ship when they saw her shake I and quiver for an instant, and then plunge I bow foremost under water, j But four boats were seen spotting the i surface of the angry sea, though these I were very soon diminished to two. | The sailors still rowed stubbornly on. j At last Port Philip Heads rose to the | heavens on either side. I ive minutes later they were shooting obliquely across the comparatively calm waters of Hobson's Bay. They landed Clark at the loneliest spot of the entire Eastern coast - -a spot where there was not an inhabited house for a dozen miles around, hut that was where he had expressly ordered: them to ptit .him ashore. " Now our ten pounds each, master'/' ; said one of the two man. . , "A bullet each, you mean, idiots," was the retort. "I am Thunderbolt, the bushranger, and I kill the witnesses of all my crimes." Tw o shots rang shrilly out and pierced one through the brain, and the other through the body, the sailors fell back, the one dead and the other mortally wounded, into the bottom of the boat. With superhuman strength Thunder bolt then pushed it from the shore, mut- tering, ' ' The farther it drifts the better.?' and then walked steadily away into the grim and silent bush. ( To be Continued. ) In the Bedfast. Gazette of Friday last, we find the following : — " The Hampden Shire Council being much dissatisfied with the decision given last year by Mr Justice Skinner in the appeal cases with respect to the a valuations of the property rated by them, did not fail to cry down the learned judge as much as in their power; Tli«y- attributed the fact that the valuations in : most, or all, of the cases, were lowered, to m >tiv"es quite the reverse of those « hi h honld actuate an administrator f juti.'-. an 1 from Judge Skinner they appealed to Cse ar. That is, they petitioned t e Ait >ri icy-General that he would have the app "d casus this year tried by some o.lr-r judge. They ga ned their wish. In- st.-a" of the : decisions being given by .ludge Skinner at-AVarrnambool, they were 1 s week-'givenwby- Judge Rogers at Gee- o g. And the ri3iilt proves that the ' a up. leu 8 hire Council have jumped out of fh - frying jail into' the lire. The telewivii-ih' lins has been extended to ( Vo'h.uwll, Queensland A Oolirainc correspondent informs the Hamilton Sjiectator that lamb marking at H gr, Kouong-Wootong, Konong-Wootong Creek, Wootong Vale, and other places in the neighborhood, has shown an average of 84 to 94 per cent. Among, the- wills:-. proved in the Supreme Court oft Thursday last, was that of the late Mr. Charles H. Armyiagc, formerly of Como, Toorak.' The amount of property in Victoria was sworn at' £137,750. With respect to the expedition which has left Sydney to attempt the recovery of the large quantity:, of gold which went down with the General Giant, off the Auckland Islands, the Mount Alexander Mail writes : -'"This is not the first attempt made to recover flie lost treasure. A Mr. Wallace, of Winter's flat, Oastleiuaine, essayed to get the gold. He left Victoria with a party of men, on board a ship he fitted up for the pu rpose. They ueared the spot of the wreck, ami Mr. Wallace put off with some of his men in a boat to observe the shores of the island, in the hope of finding the precise spot where the gold went down. His ship, and i those on it, waited several days for liis return, but he never was seen again. The | help with tlie remnant of his crew, returned to Melbourne, and liis widow after some time obtained letters of administration, the Court considering him dead. The expedition must be a: highly perilous one ; and if the enterprising men who have set out to this Eldorado at the bottom of the deep, deep, sea. have taken enough dynamite to blast' sufficient rock to make a breakwater at the mouth of the fatal cave, they may succeed, no doubt many pe s ms would prefer letting the: gold — estimated at half a mil lion poundssterling — lie undisturbed, rather than be one of this novel prospecting party." The operations of the river trade, writes the Riverine Herald, are at present in a state of stagnation owing to the low state of the Murray and its tributaries. The activity which we noted a few weeks ago is now suc ceeded by an almost entire suspension of the river navigation and its-carrying operations. The Murray, never high this season, is falling and the minor streams of the Mnrrumbidgee, Edwards, and Goulburn are at almost sum mer level, and the steamers which left Ecluica for the various parts to be reached via these rivers, have beeii.u'nable to proceed, and are lying idle with their cargoes at various places. The Echuca wharf and goods sheds which were at this time last year the busy emporium and: centre of the Riverina trade, strikingly reflect the less happy: and prosperous condition of the present year's operations. Large consign ments of merchandise, stores, and hardware are piled within and without the sheds, which it is -impossible to send on to their destina- tions;a.nd the wharf is marked by a woeful dul- nessiand lack of commercial life, most uusual this period of the ' busy season.' Boat owners materially suffer by this deplorable estate: of affairs, and the trade and well-being oi' Echuca generally is indirectly militated against: fro m the same cause. Rain, which would, by causing the river t > rise, electrify the inert powers of the "river interests" into life, is anxiously looked for. At Hovvloug, ou the Murry, there has been a hundred mile race, for £50 a side, be tween .Mr' Everett's horse Viking and Mr. reBrowffis John Sullivan. The start was effected at 5 minutes to 7 on Tuesday morn ing. The pace was a erackar at the com mencement, 10 miles being accomplished in 37 minutes. The distance round the course is one mile and 100 yards. 40 laps were done in 3 hours 45 minutes ; 43 laps or 45 miles and 780 yards, in 4 hours ; 44 laps: or 46 miles in 4 hours 5 minutes ; 47 laps in 4\. hours 24 minutes ; 50 laps in 4 hours 38 .minutes; 53 laps or 56 miles sin 5 hours. Average time— 11 miles and 352 yards per hour. 55 laps or 551 miles in 5 and 14 minutes. Adjournment -for refreshment. Another start was made at one o'clock. 61 laps occupied 5 hours 49 minutes ; 47 laps, or 70 miles 1420 yards, 6 hours 22 minutes ; 70 laps, or 84 miles less 40 yards, 6 hours 41\. minutes ; 73 laps, or 77 miles 260 yards, in 6 hours 58 minutes ; 78 laps, or 80 and 5 miles, 7 hours 16 minutes ; 79 laps, or 83,miles less 20 yards; 7 hours 33 minutes ; S3 laps, or 87 miles and 1260 yards, 7 hours and 54 minutes. Previous to this John Sullivan had given unmistakeable signs of : distress; and instructed by his owner had .-..pulled-.: up, Viking finishing . as. above in a strong gallop, and was evidently prepared to go double the distance. If Judge Skinner, says the Warrnambool Standard, had made an order concerning the disposal of the sheep seized from Mr. G. P. Barber, and alleged to have been stolen from Mr. T. P. Cummmg by Neil Clarke, it would have saved the complications which have now arisen. The matter at present stands thus. After tl e trial, Mr. Gumming took the sheep 95 in number, from a paddock at Russell's Creek, where they were placed by the police. Shortly afterwards, the police applied to the Bench to be absolved from responsibility in reference: to the sheep, and were ordered to haml them over to Mr. Barber. A minute of this order. was. sent to M r. Gumming,: but he would not deliver up the sheep, and the police were thus unable to comply with the order. Mr Barber looked to tne police for his property, and states that he will enter an action against them for their recovery. The ease was. again brought before the Court on Tuesday last,: when Mr. Lane advised Ser geant, Archibald to forward a statement of the whole ease to the Chief Commissioner of Police. In- his opinion, the sheep might be considered as having been taken from the custody of the police; and might be followed and re-taken in the same manner as an escaped prisoner. , 