POETRY. A F0B8AKEN GARDEN. BT A. C. Swihbdeue. (FBOH SHE ATHKHf UH.) In a coign of tbe cliff between lowland and highland, At tbe cm down's edge between windward and lee, Walled round with rocks aa an inlaid island, Tbe ghost ot a garden fronts the sea. A girdle ot brushwood and thoin encloses the steep square slope of the blcesomleti bed, Where the weeds that grew green from the graves ot Its roles How lie dead. The fields fall southward, abrupt and broken, To the low test edge of the long lone land. li a step should sound or a word be spoken, ^Woaldagfaratnotriseatthestr»ye guest's hand? Through branches and briers if a muTnukeway, Be shall And no life bnt the sea wind's, restless Sight and day. The dense hard paassge is blind and stifled That crawls by a track none turn to climb To the strait waste place that the yean have rifled Of all bnt the thorns that are touohed not of time. Tbe thorns be spans when the rose is taken ; The rocks are left when he wsstes the plalo. The wind that wanders, the weeds Wind shaken, These remain. Not a flower to be prest of the foot that falls not; Ab tbe heart of a dead man tbe seed plots are dry; From 'the thicket' of thorns whence the nightiogale calls sot, * Could she call, there were never a rose to reply. Over tbe meadtws that blossom and wither Sings bnt the note of a sea bird's song; Oisly the son and the rain come hither All year long. Tbe son barns sere and the rain dishevels One gfcunt bleak blossom of scentless breath. Only the wind here hovers and revels , In a round where life seems barren as death. Here there was laughing- of old, there was weeping, Saply, ot lovers none ever will know, - Whose eyes went seaward a hundred sleeping Tears ago. Heart handfait in heart as they stood, "Look thither," Did he whisper? "book forth from the flowers to theBea; For the foam flowers endure when the rose^blonoms wither, And men that love lightly may die-bnt we " And the same wind sang and the same waves whitened, And or ever the garden's last petals were shed, In tbe lips that had whispered, the eyes that had lightened. Love was dead. Or they loved their lite through, and thai vent whither? And were one to the end-bat what end who knows 1 Love deep m the Bea u a rate mast wither. As the rose-red seaweed that mocke the nee. Shall the dead take thought lor the dead to love them? What love wii ever as deep as a grave ? They are loveless sow as the grass above them Or the wave. All art at one now, rases and lovers, Hot known of the cliffs, and the fields, and the set. Not a breath of the time that has been hovers In the air now soft with a summer to be. Hot a breath shall there sweeten the seasons hereafter 01 the flowers or the lovers that laugh now or weep, When as they that are free now of weeping and ianghter We shall Bleep. Here death miy deal not again for ever; Here change may come not till all change end. From the graves they have made they iha'l rise op never, Who have left nought living to ravage and rend. Earth, stones, and thorns of the wild ground growing, While the ton and the rain live, these shall be; Till a last wind's breath upon all these blowing Boil the sea. > Till the elow sea rife and the Sheer dJff crumble, TiD terrace and meadow the deep gulfs drink, liU the strength of the waves ol the high tides humble The fields that lessen, the rocks that shrink, Here now in hi* triumph where all things falter,. Stretched outon the spoils that hie own hand spread, As a god self s'ain cn hie own strange altar, Death lies dead. 