IATHOUG INTELLIGENCE^ VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. FATHER O'MALLEY'S SERMON ON THE FUST OF ST. PATBICK. {Concluded.) We hear a good deal about the refinement of the Elizabethan age. Beside these "good" queens, and "gentle" poets, and great statesmen, who " were clad in purple and fine linen, and feasted sumptuously every day;" the poor Irish " ghosts, through whose naked sides and legs the sharp and bitter wind of winter blew, and whoBe mouths were green from feeding on nettles," would have made but a sorry show, Tet, which were the barbarians ? Which acted barbarously ? Dives—who not merely refused to succour Lazarus, but who robbed him of his food and raiment, and then mocked hia hunger and nakedness—or Lazarus—who allowed all else to go that he might hold the Treasure of liis Faith ? True civilisation consists in the culture of the intellect and will; and the poor peasant whose mind is richly stored with the supernatural Truths of Religion, and whose will is guided by tbe precepts of the Gospel, is civilised, gven though savage invaders despoil him and make him an outcast in his own land. And falsehood, meannesss, selfishness, and cruelty are not one whit the less barbarous for being seated on a throne, and surrounded by every luxury and refinement. No! The Irish though steeped in misery and ignorance never lost their Faith, and consequently never lost their civilisation. There is no nobler spectacle than that of suffering virtue, and there is no people that has suffered for virtue more faithfully or more courageously than the Irish. Spenser was right. Utter extermination could alone outroot their Religion. Thus bave they held the Faith. And how do they hold it in death ? Some men keep off the unpleasant thought as long as possible, and up to the last moment persuade themselves their " sickness is not unto death," and BO they die. Others meet it with a stoic firmness. It is an unavoidable calamity, and should like any other, be encountered with fortitude ; and they either school their feelings into indifference or at least endeavour to conceal their anguish, under a philosophic caVmneBB. There is a sort of conventional propriety to be observed. " Each one is to die with as much decorum, and as little trouble to others as possible. He has had his share of the feast, he has crowned himself with roses," while others were dying, and now that he must go, he is to depart quietly without spoiling the enjoyment of those who are to remain a little longer. Some hold out in life the hand of fellowship to the brute. They endeavour i to raise him to a level with themselves, but in reality they sink to his. Do they believe what they say ? Can they persuade themselves ? Do they die like the brutes 1—And then ? This is the direction of "modern thought" and " modern civilisation. "When a beast dies we utilise its carcass, and it is now proposed to turn the dead bodies of men to account just like those or the animals ? Why not, if they are nothing more 1 They axe to be burned to give back to earth and air the particles of which they are composed. Why bury hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of hydrogen and oxygen, and carbon, and liine which could be made to fertilise, the land! The residue (being useless) may be preserved for the gratification of sentiment. (Religion does not enter into consideration at all.) But there are others, again, who look on this world merely as a place of trial, and on death as the solemn act -which decides their fate during all eternity. They meet it with the grave concern that so awful an event demands, with a well grounded apprehension of the severity of God's judgment, but also with great confidence in His mercy. And instead of seeking in nature a false strength, they fortify themselves by the powerful aid of the Saramentb which JESBS CHBIST instituted. The resignation of the Irish is wonderful. So clearly do they understand that the consolidating of . religion will smooth ayray the terrors of death, that it is rare that either prieBt or doctor need have any difficulty about announcing it to them or speaking to them about it. Jfll. The zeal of the Irish in spreading the Faith. God not only rooteel the Faith deeply In the Irish heart, but He inspired' the nation with & zealous miasldnary spirit. T-hey»ent abroad holy- men in ;all directiobsfo carry to others the flame 4hat devoured t&emselves.; But it seemed ;as" if God'srdesign were.jto be thwarted by. the crueltyof inen. Hour could a race so poverty-stricken, so decimated, so con- stantly on the very verge.of extermina- ; tion give itself up to missionary labours 1 " By th? help of God !" Each one clung to his sacred trust, looking straight to God for comfort and assistance, and died nnconsciouB of the great work in which he was taking part, unconscious of anything save the simple duty of dying in, and t if necessary, for tbe Faith. If Cromwell did not succeed in exterminating the Irish, no one was likely to do so. But exile (and frequent famines) promised to do a good deal towards " relieving" us. For years the Irish left the Irish ports at the rate of a thousand a day. Firet they directed their steps to Canada, though the climate and soil were inferior to those of the United States. The children of the "pilgrim fathers" who had fled from persecution in England had not yet discovered that the liberiy of conscience which they demanded for themselves should be extended to others ; so the Irish—ever the same people—seeking as usual, religious freedom before ail else, selected the harsh climate and inferior soil, because the liberty they prized before all earthly advantages, wasjto be found there. But no sooner was religious freedom proclaimed in America than the tide of emigration flowed south. The English, with their enterprising commercial spirit, are spreading everywhere, and the Irish are following them everywhere, atid intent only on their own individualjsalvation, are unconsciously performing the great work God has assigned them. I They are spreading the Faith of Christ steadily in England, Scotland, America, Xfrica, and .Australia; and according as England penetrates into the vast kingdoms of Asia, the Irish will follow on their mission. ' But if such be the inflexible firmness of the Irish character in following 4ut its end unconsciously, surely the knowledge of the high privilege of spreading the Faith of Christ, at the moment: when such prodigious efforts are being mbdo to extinguish it utterly, should redouble our zeal. ! And it will, if the present inic/uitous system of robbery be persevered ii. We are used to robbery and oppression, and can bear them with the same fortitude as our Fathers, " with the help of G id." We've held the Faith through pangs in told, We hold it as we held of old, ' And we'll hold while time shall bfc. [NOTE.—Two magnificent works, '"Th<£band's Irish Race," and Dr. Moran's "Memoirs of Oliver Plunket," hate just been added to the St. Francis' Circulating Library. They Bhould be not only read but studied by all Irishmen.] CATHOLIC LIBBABIES. Perhaps the majority of Catholics living in Melbourne are not aware of there being a circulating library attached to'St. Patrick's Cathedral. We, therefore, with great pleasure, apprise our readers of its existence. There ate, at present, in the library, some 2000 volumes of the beBt Catholic and general literature by all the most approved authors. The selection is exceedingly good, and reflects great credit oi1 the judgment and good taste of the honorary librarian, Mr. T. Fields, The library has been recently visited by the Ree. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., and the Revj W. Hughes, S.J., and the stock of books examined by'those reverend gentlimen. They found the stock to consist tf the very best works on Catholic subjects, and an infinite variety of light reiding, of a wholesome character, for thj lady members. We understand thatso hdartily do both reverend gentleman approve of tbe books, that they recommend allreading Catholics to join the library without further delay. The expense to join is small, being only a shilling entrancb fee and threepence per week afterwards/ or a guinea a year with the option of hkving as many books out at a time, as any reasonable subscriber would wish. In addition to the general library, there is alBo a juvenile library, the fees of which are threepence to join and a peiiny a week subscription. Some of the'most costly books have more than paid for themselves. As a limited example, " The Life of the lamented and beloved la*e Dr. Thomas Grant, Bishop of Southwark;" "My Clerical Friends/' by Dr. Marshall; " Our Lady of Lourdesand nearly all Dr. Newman's, Cardinal Wiseman's, and Cardinal Manning's works iare freely sought for. The number of subscribing members has now reached 200. The weekly circulation is from 130 to 150 volumes. The library is open ton Sundays after the last Mass, - and' during the afternoon, from S o'clock..- We should n'ot omit to mention here that.thereia also a library attached to St. F^andis''Church, which • is increasing in 'importance and deserves a large patronage. ; ; > • ' f ; • " * THE CRUSADES. ! The "weekly meeting of 'this society was held-in the Ghiild r Hall, Richmond, on Tuesday evening. ; The president, Mr. Beachamp, occupied the'ehair^ -The Ser. JV Dalton, S.J., wias present, and administered the pledge to. several new members. A committee was formed.to report on the advisability of the immediate formation of a band. The secretary announced that 160 members had been enrolled in the society. A letter received by Father Dalton, from Bright, making inquiries about the society with the view of forming a branch, was read. The secretary was instructed to send copy of rules as soon as they were printed. KILMOBE CONVENT. The contract for the erection of the first portion of this convent has been accepted. Messrs. Reid and Corrigan are the contractors, for £1100, and the contract is to be completed by tbe 1st of August next. CHILDREN'S PICNIC. A largely attended meeting of the delegates who are making preparations for the Children's Picnic, was held on last Sunday evening, in the vestry of St. Francis' Church, Mr. A. E. Hughes in the chair. The reports from the schools were very satisfactory, considerable progress having been made in collecting the necessary funds. Owing to the difficulty and danger attending the conveyance of the children from Emerald HU1 by train, they have decided not to join the general body, but will hold their picnic on the same day in the Albert Park. The children attending tbe Convent of Mercy, Nicholson-street, and probably those attending the Christian Brothers' schools will join in. Should the weather prove favourable, the Picnic of 1876 will surely be a great success. (From our own Geelong Correspondent.) CATHOLIC TOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. The usual weekly meeting of the members of this association was held on Friday evening, the 31st ult.- The president, Mr. P. Wiley, occupied the chair, and there was a full attendance of members. Correspondence having reference to the combined picnic to be held in Geelong, on Easter Monday, was read from the secretaries of the Melbourne and Ballarat societies. A balance-sheet in connection with the entertainment given by the members of the association on St. Patrick's Night was submitted by the secretary. The total receipts amounted to £70 Is. 6d., the expenditure to £16, thus leaving a balance to credit of £54 Is. 6d. The announcement was received with applause. After the transaction of the routine business, an original essay, on " Charles Dickens as a Novelist," was read by Mr. M. B. Byrne. In a very able manner the essayist criticised the works of England's great novelist, adverting to the good results they produced, and pronouncing a high eulogium on their author. The thanks of the association were awarded to Mr. Byrne for his exellent production. LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE. In the course of a sermon on the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, preached at Vespers, in St. Mary's, on Sunday evening last, the Venerable the Archdeacon took occasion to refer to a practice in which many masters and employers of labour are wont to indulge. These people are very loud in their professions of " liberty of conscience," yet, notwithstanding their professions, they do not scruple to deprive their Catholic servants of an opportunity of hearing Macs on Sundays. He had felt it his duty to refer to this matter before, and he was glad that his remarks had been productive of good results. Before entering into tbe service of others, Catholics should make an agreement that no obstacles should be placed in the way of their complying with their religious duties. 