FICKFiqN. (fETrom Eußllib, A in r rica D, and other Farlodlrnli, LADY EVELYN'S FOLLY, BY THE AUTHOR OP A Woman'« Temptation» CHAPTER XLTII. Was it a jcat ? Society paused to ask itself the question, then decided in the affirmative, it was a jest. Madame Doboii had made a con- quest. At first, society held a fan before its feco and whispered) then spoke openly, with em irking, smiling lips, wondering bow the proud yoting countess liked it, how muoh sbo knew of the truth, whether she would try to avenge herself, and society took more interest than ever in fair Lady Evelyn. There was something nt etako now, while madame wore the xai st fcnp-rb diamonds, and drove the finest heroes, and laughed in her graoeful fashion at the blindness of English women. Perhaps Lord Knoban heard the rumour, for Lo oamo uno day to call upon his daughter j ho was shown into the drawing room, where sheÍat, superbly dressed- the most luxurious pioture of Wealth and beauty. "_ 4-ftor he had talked to her for some time, he wenjt 07er to her, and laid his hand caro^iagly op the ¿olden hoad " You are looking very well to-day, my dear," he said "I think you drcBS with greater tatte tbiin any other woman in London Are you happy, Eve?" Perhaps for one half moment she was tempted to throw herself on his breast, aDd sob out the wearisome- story of her married life ; then pride carne to the resoue. " Happy," she ropoated with a cold, graceful laugh. " I suppose that I am as happy as people who marry for motioy generally are" Lord Knoban said no more ; he flattered him Belf that, after all, the real thing to make women happy, was pim ty of diamonds and money; Lady Evelyn had both of these. 1 Lady Courteney, who was then in town with her husband, thought, for the honor of the family she was bound to make some protest She would not take Sir Boden's advioe. He told her uo good ever carne of iaierforenco in such cases; it would befar better to leave it alone. But Lad} Georgiana looked very grand and very stately ; she bade him understand that she was the best judge of what was most proper. So she drove in state to the magnificent man- sion where her sister rosidod, and the countess, feeling more honored than charmed, rose to groct her Lady Evelyn had so much to say, Bho had a marvelous costume for the approaching ball, a ridiu g habit from worth ; sbo had a Parisian hat that was wonderful. L«dy Conrtaney listened with a grave face. ' " You fill your life with trifles," she said, at last " You always did." " Thanks to those who taught mo to raino trifles," retorted Lady Evelyn. 1 " It is useless to reflect upon others," sajd¡ La3y Courteney; "the fault lies in your own disposition. You were brought up as 1 was, and I value trifles at their proper worth.", ( " You, Georgie ?" laughed Lady Evelyn, good humorodly ; " why, you, would prefer the light of a diamond any day to the light of a star." 1 Lady Courtney shrugged her white shoulders They had just as muoh. chance of understanding each other, these two sisters, as a Greek would have of understanding a Freooh woman. | " Evelyn," said Lady Georgiana, " I want to speak to you seriously ; since you have been married, you must acknowledge that I have never in the least degree even interferred ia any of your affairs " Lady Evelyn opened her beautiful oyes " Ne, certainly not," she said. " But now I think it incumbent on me to ask whether you do not think it possible for any- thing to be done with your busband ?" " With my husband ?" eried Lady Evelyn, in surprise. " What do you mean ?" '» [t is not possible to prevent bim from making a simpleton of himself, as he is doing now ?"' Lady Evelyn laughed. *' Sinoo you ask the question," she replied, " I answer it jutt as candidly. I do not think any power in the world can prevent him from being what nature has made him." " No levity, Evelyn-this is not the time for levity " "Nor would you be likely to inspire it, Groorgie. I do not mean to treat yon with levity. You ask me if it be possible to make my husband other than he is. I answer ' no.' But in- what particular manner is he making a simpleton of himself now ?" " Is it possible, Evelyn, that you do not know it ?" 1 " Well you -see, Georgie, bo is always mote or loss ridiculous, iu a geuoral kind of way ; but I know of no particular reason why he is more absurd just now than usual. Is it his drink- ing ?" " My doar Evelyn, howooolly you speak ofthat torriblo tendency." " And if I spoke hotly of it, what better should I he ? But you have made me curious over my sovereign lord, the earl. What is he doing ?" " If you really know nothing of it," said Lady Courteney, rising, " I shall not be the one to tell you ; but I advise you to look after your husband and keep him at home." " Nay, that is expecting too muoh ; I should not like him to be always at home. Mine waa not a love-match, like yours. You must always remember, in talking to me, that I married for money Well, I have money j what right have I to ezpeot more ?" .\ "" Sou dight at least, try your best te keep people from speaking ill of bim or you." "'.'«'Ob, Georgie!" signed the younger sister; " I gare BO little my dear ; my life seems such a tsrrible mistake " "Nay," said Lady Goorgyana, holding op her hands " I wi!) not listen ; it is all nonsense Be a sensible woman, Evelyn, and make the most of a sensible position " ' So Lady Courteney went away, and she re- membered tho ocoasion as tho first in her life on which ber oourago had failed her. Speaking afterward to her husband, she said ; " I oould not tell her, Roden ; ' her faoe looked so fair and childlike when she raised it to mine, her eyes were BO tender and dear, like stars shining on a dark night, I could not tell her ; L could sooner have branded a orimson letter on her brow " And Sir Reden, as he listened, inwardly wondered at the touoh of pity enkindled in his wife's heirt. Lady Evelyn did not know muoh of it ; ehe 'fancied the earl had boen gambling, perhaps betting heavily, and losing-perhaps staking some minons sam on a horse which was, af er all, "nowhere/' She wap profoundly indifferent It was strange th;at, although she had delibera tcly married for rnoDeyT'Ntbe oared less for lit every day-it had not brought her happiness But, thinking of her sisters words, she began to note something of her husband's habits, and then she was startled She found that he was never at home; be did breakfast there oooà sionally, and then he was gone He never ap- peared at lancheon, and only at dinner when friends were expected. Once she saw a favorite play announced, with Madame Dubois as the, chief actress, and she expressed a wish to her husband to go " No, no/' be said " I do netware for the Atlas Theatre ; we will go when it is played Somewhere else " x j- - - - - " But I should like to see Madame Dubois in it," she oontinued. "I Bball go* this evening, Talbot" ' ¿' " Youiyill ao.rjpthin&rf; the kind," he replied with a angry flush upon*his face, " at least, if you do you will go alone " " That will not be unusual/' she replied Yet when evening came she did not go. - She waB losing, in some .measure, the spirit of re- bellion wbioh had led her through BO many perils She'Sat thinking that same evening of her sister's words ''When R«x was announced -it was not often that he waited on the young countess-but he was-1 growing fearful for her; so young, so beautiful, BO neglected. On this evening he knew that she was at home, and he wont She was unfeignedly glad to see him, her aveet faoe flushed, her hands trembled, her clear voice thrilled »B ehpwoloomed bim She wa9 alone in her magnificent drawing room It was brilliantly lighted) tho warm-soented air woe filled with the .breath of hyaoinths. She wore a plain white evening diesB, without jenola of any kincS K * "lam gradi to she you, Rex," she said. " You seo I am all alone " ~ " Yes ; how is it, Lady Evelyn ?" i " I had no less than six invitations to different balls this evening," ebe replied, " and I could not deoide which to accept " " So resolved the question by aooepting nono," said Rex. 'I " That was it. I did not feel quite woll ; the idea of danoing, instead of filling me with delight, as it generally does, tired me! I Oould nbt imagine myself bowing, laughing, talknig, danoing to night." I He looked more closely at her, this woman whom he loved so passonately, yet respected, honored and i révérer.oed. The beautiful face waB paler, the graceful figure thinner She locked ill, despito her smiles and Brightness , " Lady Evelyn," he said gently, " you are not well I a ai here ; what oan I do to amuse you ? I have brought you Blowing's new poem ; shall I read it?" _ " Yee, if you will,", she replied. I " It was a beautiful home picture ; whatever thoughts it mightsuggest to' Rex, he controlled them It was not his home; the beautiful woman seated there was not his wife Evoljn thought with a better sigh that but for her own fully it might havo been so Sbe listened attentively at first ; thó music of the dear familiar voice lulling her to rest, then somothipg in the st°>7 led her thoughts baok to her sistcjr, and her sister's words. Rex knew her so well ; was so accustomed to) her different moods, that he knew at once when her attention began to wander, and he gently closed the book. , " You are looking very thoughtful, Lady Evelyn," he Baid ' " Yes," she replied " Rex, I know it is not good taste to ditouss one's husband with any one else, but you are a true friend and. a, tried friend. You are my rook-my refuge. Will you tell me one thing? Have you heard anything1 lately aboutiL ird Chesterleigh<-any particular folly, or extravagauoe, or whim ?" , In his surprise at the question Rex almost lot his book fall ; his faoe flushed hotly, and his eyes fell before the steady gnus of hers. As though he oould be living in London, aBd not hear of'Lord Ghesterleigh's infatuation for the beautiful aotress ?-the story that formed the subjeot ¡of every meeting Toat day he had hoard it die ouseed in all its details, with all recent additions ; he laughed confusedly i " I know that the earl won a large sum of money last Derby day," ho replied. I « Won I" she repeated ; " that oarinot be it, Rex My sister would not have called it folly if she had known of his winning anything. She told me be was making a greater simpleton of himself than usual. What is he doing, Rex?" " I really-I do Mt know." ' " Hush ! ' she interrupted j' *' my great truBt in you is that you have never spoken falsely I to me. You do know ; whatever it may be. I sjoe that you know-your faoe flushes, your eyes droop from mine You know, and you will n|ot tell me, Rex " I She had risen in her agitatment, and had oome nearer to him ; she < laid one hand on his shoulder: '_ " You must not be cruel to me, Rex; what is thia störet which everyone appears to know except myself!" , I "Lady Evelyn," Baid Rex, "I, your rejeoted lover, am the laBt person in this world with whom you should discuss your huahand " ! " You ara 'ruy friend," she «aid-"my only friend, Rex ; you know-tell me." " I know," he replied, " but 1 will not tell you ; I would give tho beat of my heart to see you happy with Lord Ohesterleigh; butH, who reverenoe and honour youj will never be the one to traduce your husband to you; ask lof me something more noble than this." ! " I will ask you nothing " she said, slowly " If there is anything,^ me to know, I shall^ find it out soon enough." KI " Remember this, said Rex, " the tongho of scandal is forked} iffom everything you hear, take one-half and then believe only half that ; do not oondemn your husband, t>f any ope else on hearsay." " But what scandal ¡B there about him ?" she oried. " There is scandal about every pno," was the prompt reply. "Let us fioi-h this atoiy, and, dear Lady Evelyn, try to follow what I read " OHAPTBB XLVIII. An unusnal degree of amiability marked the heavy oonntenanae of Lord (Chesterleigb He bad-nir obj»ot in view, a concession to win from his wife, and he knew he ahould have some little difficulty in winning it "Indeed, the task was so unpleasant to him, that but for the winning of the wager laid upon it, and the glory of showing that he could bave own way, he would bave given it'up He entered his wife's dress ing-room with many compliments upon ber appearance, and then, with an assumed exprès sion of indifference, looked over the oards on the table " We have a dinner party next Tuesday, and a reception afterward." \ " Yes," replied his wife. " It was your own arrangement, you know;" "Oh, yes, I know ; bnt I say, Eve, those* reoeption affairs drag most terribly I thought the lost one very tame and stupid " " Did you ? ' asked his wife " / thought it very spirited "i " Beoaupc you enjoyed yourself I assure you that I beard several people say the same thing it dragged most tamely. I have been thinking of an improvement " She might have wondered why his breath oamo so quiokly, and his lips grow hot " I thought wo should have a little music Lady Templeton had an evening reoeption last, week, and some of the finest opera singers ID; London were there. I hear that It was a graildf' suooesB Now, as we have not the talent to¡ originate, we oan at least/imitate;'and if you are willing, I should* like to offer our guests thet same attraotion." ' She was too muoh surprised at the great) oivility of his words to think muoh of his re ; quest ' " How oan I objeot," she said, " if it pleases you ? I am quite willing Jt is quite immaterial " rHo walked to the window, and stood there for a few minutes looking out. He had the graoe not to look at her. Then he hummed a few bara¡ of a popular air. " We may consider it settled, then," he said' at last. " I will abk Sigoor Itollio and Madame Dubois " ; Lady Evelyn repeated the names. ' " That beaatiful singer I If her singing be! like her faoe, we shall all be ravished, I supposo," she said, oarelossly, ' " Without doubt we shall," he said, hurrying1 away. She never gave the matter another thought, while her graceless lord congratulated himself oo his suooesB " It has been a narrow esoape," be said to himself. " I will never get into the same mess again. It waB too bad of Beaufloner and Harri- son " » . I The fact being that during a champagne dinner at Madame J Dubois's, one of the'above named gentleman had laughingly suggested that madame should be invited to Chester House to sing The earl had frowned upon the idea, but madame had fallen in love with it ' Nothing else oould satisfy bor--neither diamonds nor dresses Her heart was bebt on this one iden. She must sing at Chester House. She declared that her bappinoiS depended upon it, and the earl remonstrated, pleaded, prayed, in vain. " You oan please yourself,," she said, looking ooldly at him " If you do not arrange for me to sing there, I will never speak to you again " And he knew that she would keep her word. But when the dinner was over, and something like common sense returned to the guests, one of them remonstrated with Lord Chesterleigb It needed only that to fix bis resolve unalterably "My wife is a baby," he said, soeeringly,' " and I am master in my own bouse Madame DuboiB has sung this season at half tho best houses in London-why Bhould she not in mino ?" " You know best," said his friend. ¡ " Indeed," eontinued the earl, working him^ self into a rage, " I think it would be far more; remarked if she did not sing at my house thun if she did She has sung at all the state oonoertB) and at ever; place worth naming-why not at Chester House, pray ?" "You please yourself," said his friend, and there the matter ended Now he had aooom plished the desire of his heart ; his wife hack not raised the least objeotion ; madame had bestowed on him her brightest smiles ; she had pronouneed him a man of spirit; nothing re- mained to be done Stoiety might hold a fan before its faoe, but what harm could there be in a fashionable singer ? { It so happened that on the day before thif memorable entertainment, Lady Evelyn went into her husband's dressing-room. Som« diamond Bleevo linke that belonged) to her hari been put by mistake into his case, and she went? to find then, In the' ease tay a large morocco'^ 0u8e-a lady'sjewel case She opened ithastily, and then uttered a little eiy of delight ; forj there lay the most magnificent set of ooral that { sbo had ever seen " How beautiful 1" she oried There was the ncoklaoe, just brightened with a few diamonds ; and a tiara, that was also enriched with diamonds Lady Evelyn bad never seen anything so be au ti fal ; they were beautifully arranged-the setting was qui)tevnbvel Woman-like1, she could not* resist the temptation ; she lifted nptho"necklace, and laid it on her soft,-white neck; she placed! tho tiara on ber golden hair,, andr then smiledi at herself " They vcoulS not -suit me better,"! she said "After all, it is something to be the! wife of a rioh man " , Then she carefully replaoed them, and horf heart opened toward her husband! After all,j ho did think of her, and, &a; muoh as his coarso graceless nature permitted, ho loved her She< oould not doubt that he had planned this sur-; prise for her ; he intended to give her this mag- nificent present; perhaps ho intended her to wear it for the dinner party. " Fink ooral always suited me," she said ; for vanity is the last thing in a woman to die. She did not mention tho fact of her discovery to him : it never even entered her mind that they oould be for any one else, Bbe never thought of snob a thing. She did not tell him she had seen them, beoause she thought he wished to surprise her; she said nothing about having looked for the diamond sleeve links She made so sure that the beautiful Bet of coral was to be hers that, muoh to Lisburn's annoyance, she ohaoged her. mind about ner dregsr- It had beeni prepared, a jHumpli.ia.art, in "pale pink satin/ Now she rang hastily for Lisourn, and told her she would not wear it. Y ', S <. But, my lady," remonstrated the maid, " nothing will go so we.l with the diamonds " i -/'lum not going to wau diamonds," replied my lady, with a smile. " I Bhall wear the finest set of pink eoral that was ever seen." - " Then you will want fine wbite, silk, my lady ; brocade would bo too heavy " "Fine?white silk then let it be," «aid my Ja% ; « bw Lilburn, you must not mention the «oral, as it îâ-tp be a surprise from my lord " The day passed, and he did not present it. Still Lady Evelyn never dreamed but'that it was for herself; she faneiod he might have for- gotten it, and after dinner-the earl dined at home-she went ttp to him playfully. " Talbot, have you anything to give me ?" He looked up at her iu surprise » . » " To gjivo you, Eve ? No ; but you may have anything on earth you like. Is there anything you want ?" ' " No,", she replied. She Baid no more, fully believing moro than ever that he meant to surprise her on the follow ing morning. But tie morning dawned, and the expeoted present Sid not come The earl was not at home to lunatic nor did his valet expect him until it '-would be Hme to dre9S for dinner. "I will ge and take them," she thought to herself j " they are for mo, ho will not mind it " However, a wholesomo reoolleotion of what a British nobleman could say in bia anger, pre vented hor from making this mistake ' When it was time to dress for dinner, she said to her maid : " I will wear tho pink dress and diamonds, after all " And Lisbnrn was too well trained to make any oomroen's Lady Evalyn was slightly disappointed; she was yoting, and loved novelty Á, set of pale pink coral, set with diamonds, was a novelty ; but dressing always raised her spirits, and ehe looked more beautiful than ever this fatal evening ; the diamonds gleamed in her golden hair, the arrriB and fair «shoulders roae from the pink dress like a pale flower Sho seemed to be the centre of light, drawing it all to herself. One thing she oould not help remarking that night, and it was that while the gentlemen of the party paid her the groàtest possible respeot, they see mid in some vague way to look coldly upon ber husband > Rex was there, but no Lord Knoban ; he was prevented from coming, while Sir Boden and Lady Courteney had declined the invitation. The dinner passed off brilliantly, and when Lady Evelyn went into the drawing- room she 'bought, in spite of her disappointment ovor the coral, that she was going to have a pleasant evening. CHAPTER XLIX. The silvery laughter of fair women, mingled with the deep voioes of men. The young Coun- tess of Chcsterleigh looked round her with a sensation of triumph. There seemed no laok of spirit or amusement hore. Indeed, her own bright présenos was sufficient to keep any room in a stace of animation. Light seemed to ripple ' round her, and to centre round her. The sheen i of her golden hair, the light of her diamonds, the lustre of her dress the dainty bloom on her fair >faoe, were irresistible She was seated on a low .ohni-j talking gayly enough to two gentlemen, ' when a stir among the gueats gave signs of fresh ? arrivals \- " Madame Dubois," she heard whispered on .every side, and suddenly, in the dark eyes of one Íof the gentlemen to whom she was talking, she | saw a gleam of pity and oom passion ; then Bex , oaoie up to her, and took his station in silence j by her Bide A hush fell over that brilliant 'assembly, as the magnificently beautiful woman, ¡leaning on her host's arm, went rip to Lady Evelyn. To Lady Evelyn herself, the whole scene was like a troubled dream j she saw a crowd of faces ; all seemed turned to- ward hers. She saw her husband, flushed, almost breathless, yet with a certain half oonfused truimphant expression She saw Bex, pale j grave, and stern ; she saw Lord Beauflower, with a broad smile on his foolish face, she saw one or two ladies keenly, shrewdly watohing her, and then she saw the beautiful singer, whose least glance set men's hearts on fire She saw a bei wildering, beautiful face ; dark, wioked, glorious eyes ; and rioh brown hair. She saw a tall, graotful figure draped in blaok velvet, and then she saw shining on the queenly head, on the wbite breast, from the blaok velvet, the set of pink coral and diamonds, that she had felt so sure were for herself. She could not repress a slight start of sur- prise, but there was no time then to think ( Madame Dubois was bending before her, and she must say something to her ; she greeted her in a oold voice. Even supposing she were one of the most beautiful women, and one of the finest siogers in the world, it was no reason why Lord Chesterleigh should confer upon her so vaia »ble a gift. I Then, after some little preparations, madame went with Signor Rollio to the piano, and the little group closed once more round the oountess But she did not seem to hear clearly what they were Baying-the voices were oonfused ; she be1 oame conscious that Ilex had said something to her, and was waiting for an answer. She looked at him with a smile that was almost pitiful. , " I did not hear you," she said, simply, and the compassion in his oyoB deepened Then the beautiful voice of Madame Dubois rose and filled the room It is a gift direot from Heaven ; thai, gift Of a divine Voiae, and the pity is when it is made an agent of evil Madame knew the power of bert- ; she could sing a man's heart away, just as sjae could, laugh away his good principle, or talk away.his virtue. She was bent upon plead- ing this evening, and she sang like an angel Sd.ng with a rioh pleasing voice, that reaoued the very depths of OWB heart, and wrapped every sense in eostasy. r > ' Tfeere was deep silence when she had finished: looking rouund, madame was perfeo ly satisfied with her work. She saw emotion on every face1, and »he knew exactly what impression B&e; had made She Bang again, alone, then with Signor Rollio ; and then Lady Evelyn thought herself bound to speak to her, to congratúlate her. She wanted to be nearer to her, to see if there oould I be any mistake about the pink ooral. She had been thinking a groat deal about it > it seemed strange to her that her husband should make 'such a magnificent present without telling her (?about iv ; if he had intended to make such a I gift, why had ho not told her? She knew it i was fashionable to make gorgeous gifts to great ''artists; she had read of kings and queens .doing so. But then they were women ;of blameless life, and stainless Bame, and good, repute; if her husband wished to be equally lavish, why had he not told her-oonsulted with her , Perhaps after all she -was mistaken ; it might not, surely it oould not bo, tho same set' At all events she would satisfy herself, so she crjoBsed the room Madame Dubois was speaking to the Dowager Countess of Harley, one of the most misohicTOua old ladies in England; tho very air she lived upon must be filled with scandal before she possibly oared for it. She had desired to meet madame, and now that she had done so, the keen shrewd eyes seemed as ¿hough they would search into'every thought; but the dauntless beauty only smjled ; all' the dowagers in England would not have awed her Up oirne the fair young countess, smiling in her graooful manner, and the thrre formed a trio somewhat apart 'Asisbe spoke to'madame she looked hard at the pink coral. Ah, yes, it was the same, she could not possibly be mis taken,; she remembered the setting, the par- ticular way in which the'diamon'da were arranged so as to light np the coral Then she oommitted the great error of her life ; no thought of wrong bad dawned across her True she had lived in the world, and was of it, worldly; but Lady Grange had not altogether been untrue to her obarge. She had impressed worldly maxims, mercenary motives, upon her, but ehe had kept her pure from her knowledge of evil ' Lady Evelyn kne* very little ofthat dark side of human life ; had she known more she would have boon less prompt to epoak She oommitted tho fatal error of her life with- out waiting to think whether the question was right or wrong, well or ill-bred ; she looked up to the singer's faoe. " How beautiful that coral is," she said " My husband presented yon with it, did he not ?" The effoot of the q íestion was electrioal ; the dowager countess held her fan before her face and said : " Oh, fie !" then laughed aloud. Madame Dubois raised her fine eyes to Lady Evelyn's face ¡ " Your husband, Lady Cnesterleigh ? What a singular question. No, he did not give them to me " " I am euro he did !" oriod Lady Evelyn, impulsively " I saw them in his dressing-room yesterday " ' " This is capital," laughed the oounteBS dowager. "I must find the earl j he must defend himself" And delighting in the idea of mischief, glorying in the notion that a storm was browing, she sailed away in search of Lord Chesterleigh. He was unfortunately quite elose at hand, and before madame had finished her eloquent denial he had joined the group Madame'a bsiutiful eyes flushed angrily into his. i " My Lord Chesterloigh, here is some mis take," she said " My lady has bee H pleased to compliment me upon my singing. She has also asked if you presenten mo with my jewels; oertainly the most extraordinary question that ever oame from any lady's lip's." " There must indeed ha, some mistake, madame," said the earl, politely. He turned to his wife with a black frown, from which ahe shrank trembliogly. " What on earth baa caused you to say snob a thing as that ?" he asked ' " If I have made a mistake I am sorry for it I intended no rudeness; I spoke without thinking " "I will teach you-to-thiok later on. Why did you Say suoh a thing ?" Sho raised her eyes to his, and saw a faoe ÍLAimed with anger " I said it beoiuoc I believed it I saw that same set in your dressing room yesterday." " What were you doing in my dressing room ?" he naked, angrily. "I had gone there to find some diamond sleeve-links," she replied " You went there to spy/f he said, fieroely. Sbe was too proud to retort before étrangère ; sbe waa too innately a lady to care to dispute. Sbe said, clearly and slowly : "It happened just as I tell yo», Talbot Looking yesterday for my sleeve links, I saw these, and I thought tbem,, very beautiful I was so much astonished «h ni saw thom again that, really without thinking, I a»id, ' My husband gave you the» 7"/ " Even supposing it >JçCTû^true," ho said, angrily, " it would be no business of yours " " Certainly not," she replied, promptly. " Still, let me tell you> my lady, olever as you think yourself, this tims you are mistaken." The young countess made no reply ' Madame, snre of the hnsband, could afford to be insolent to the wife-. She drew herself up haughtily, and turned to the earl " I shall expect," she said, " tho countess to apologize to me." / " Most oertainly," said/the earl. Lady Evolyn smiled contemptuously. ; , " I shall do nothing ot^ho kind," she replied " It is no affair of mine»; you, my lord> are quite at liberty to give what you will ; I have nothing to say on that soore.',' "But I tell you I did not give the jewels" The quiet contempt on ber faoe deepened " It willbe better," she said," to say no more w " But you must apologize to Madame Dubois/' he said, brusquely. < " I muBt deoline doing anything of the kind/' said Lady Evelyn. " TheBe are the same jewel*; I oould never be mistaken in thom-I tried them on." ' . ' Madamo oould not repreqa a smile of triumph ; it waB very sweet to her to think that the wor- shipped young Countess of Gbesterleigh had longed for jewels which had been given to her. " It would be absurd for me to apologize for what I know tobe true," continued Lady Evolyn' " That is the same set of pink ooral that I held in my hands yeBterduy, anti you, Lord Chester leigh, have undoubtedly presented them to Madamo Dubois. Why apologize for saying so?' " She is a simpleton," thought madame, as she rose from her seat. " I am sorry this has happened," she said. " My lord, permit me to. withdraw ; I oannot remain to fulfil my engagement, nor oaB I eon sent to enter the house again until Lady Ches- terleigh has apologized to me." " Then I am sorry to say, madamo, you will forevor remain outside," said Lady Evelyn With a strong effort madame controlled the anger that flashed in her dark eyes "I say farewell to you, my lord Until i$ pleases the countess to apologizo to me I shall not speak to you again." She moved away, and he followed her. " You ought not to be angry with me," he said, humbly. "My lord," she flashed out, "you should have been more careful ¡ Until I hold that apology in my hand, or hear it from your wife's hps, I shall not speak one word to you." CHAPTER L. Never had the Powagery Countess of Harley enjoyed an evening so greatly-her eyes shone with delight ; she went fro ¿a one group to an- other whispering : > \- " Have yon heard4 Lady ObeBterleigh has found out that her husband has been giving a ^mr yet of jewefe to?Madaino Dubois-"such,irsoénêl -such a discovery I"* J - " ' _ People began to look about, but there waa.no> sign of any domestic fracas Madamo, oeatcfyf ng *. the most wickedly fascinating glances and the $V most ôharming smiles, had gone away, erpréás- w ing her regret that an imperative engagement did not permit her to remain ( Lord Chssterleigii W>B, playing,piquet; the coantest was talking with her usual animation y those who looked on little dreamed of the tempest brewing-of the tragedy impending; they did not know that Lord Cbesterleigh bad made the greatest efforts at .controlling himself^ while Lady Evelyn was suffering any torturer rather than betray herself. Whon madame» withdrew sbe had gone at ince to Rex/ and. looked at bim with piteous/pleading eyes. I " Rex," Bhèvflaid,:'^fill me the truth at once-. What is there between Lo'rd .Xfbosterleigh and that terrible, beautiful woman ? Rox had leoked with ii finite love at the* childlike faoe; he waB as true to her as the« mariner to the day star, as the needle to the pole, * i j " Nay, dear Lady Evelyn, ' he said, hurriedly, "let me speak one word to you here} let-us look at these photographs ; look at tbem ; listen to me Something unpleasant baB ooourred be- tween Madame Dubois, your hasband, and yourself These aro malicious, scandal-loving people; do not give them the satisfaction of seeing you look annoyed; laugh, talk, keep up appearances before them, and afterward we will talk over what is to be done ; do not,, I entreat you, ei ve way either to sorrow or to anger before» thom " " I will not," she replied, humbly, " if yon. , J will keep near me, Rex " *- Jfaa " I will not leave yo*; I know the oAiel eon- ^« soriona wotld better than you do It would only gloat over your troubles if it knew them ; show it a brave faoe; laugh tonight, even if yoa should weep to morrow " " I will," she replied ; " but Rex, what is there between my busband and her " < " Do not ask me. I honor you too mach to say one word against him. Now, Lady Evelyn, there has never been a coward among the Knobans. ' It ia far harder to bear menta] tor- ture than pbyaibial pain " . " I will bo brave if you will keep near me," she said And then leaving him she went among her guests ' But though R x would no1) breathe dne word against bim, there were plenty who were only waiting an opportunity of doing so Lidy Landon said afterward that it waa a perfeot charity Ita open the poor thing's eyes So Lady Lindon watohed her opportunity, and when she saw Lad j Evelyn alone she immediately darted upon her. " You are so muoh younger than I am, my dear, that you must really excuse- me if I speak plainly to you No one else seems inolined to open your «yea, so I must. What induoed yon to allow that woman to enter your house ?" " What woman ?" asked Lady Evelyn, astonished at the question. ' " i . .' . " Madame Dubois. Is it possible, Lady CheBtorleigh, that you aro ignorant of the gossip that all London is laughicg over 2", " I never listen to gossip/' was the bain» reply r " More the pity, iu this caso, at least; London laughs beoause Lord Ohesterleigh' is never away from this woman's > side--they are> alwaya together ; in the party at Riohmond, the theatre-be is ni ver away from her." The young faoe grew deadly pale} she bad borne eo muoh-drunkennoss, neglect, unkind nes« ; was she to bear this orownmg sorrow nbame, dishonor, and infidoilty V Lady Landon looked with some little pity at the pale face. " Sou muBt not take it so to heart, my,dear. Do not think it ia oruel of me to tell you ; yon would have had to know it some day,rand perbapa it would havo been told you in a mora unkindly fashion. I tell you. beoause for your owp sake I am' indignant Your friends ought to interfore That wornanya your rival " " I<\- tbanff you for tolling me," said-Lady Evelyn ; " it may not be true/ after ki), but'ifc is just as well for me to bo on my guard." "Just as well" said Lady Landon. "Da net take it to heart} you are not the only wffo who has this to bear, and has to be*r "it ia silonoi ; though few, I must own, are compelled to Bubtnit to the ind'gutty of having a rival in- troduced to them, an- she haa been introduced to yoi*' Tho white faoe Hotbed. c ti " Whether it be trne or rot, Lady t&nd6n;I will not diaouss it What did you think of tha ball last evening ? B saw you there "i ra With self-command that was heroie, itali« turned the conversation, leaving Lady Landon»! v quite nndeoided ae-to whether what she said badi M been believed or not. , : f_ , 'Jam There were a few minutes during which she W sat alone, Rex watching from the distance every change in ber Cace ' > , ' " I know what is between them now," »h* stid. " I havo tasted the tree of knowledge, tha tree of good and of evil; now Qkaow the worst," Not by word or sign did she betray herself j even RUX^WM forced to own that »he was a con- summate actress Yet to him it waB so pitiful -the lovely, negleoted, betrayed young wife -that he was- half besido himielf She con- trolled hersolf so well ; she would -rather have died of hidden1 pain that those sear her should bave discovered iven the leasttraoe of it.11 One«, even, in pasi-iog by her husband, she tnrned'andu made Bomo casual roraark to bim. Ho was so completely tifcon by surprise that ho positively smiled again ; and when the idle lookers on safer that it waa universally agreed that the Dowager Countess of H *rloy had madoagre&t; mistake*. The tina» carno for their ghosts to leave them, and, as the smiling fucos-vanished one by Uno", s> ser sation of- fearVandJonelihcss oana© over Lady Evelyn She longed WRO^ to remain What if the earl should, aa he had often done-before, grow furious and violent, who weis there to take» her part or even befriend ? Sbe shuddered art she remembered his angry frown, and then, thought of being alone with him I ? " Oh, R x !" she said, as he cam» to shake* hands with her, " I wish I dared go book to my father's house ; I am so frightened here '* " Frightened !" he ropoated Bishandsoma faoe flushed, tiis oyes grew dim-the beautiful, golden-haired woman whom ho loved' go, ^ frightoncd! . .& *3L " What at, Lady Evelyn ? If I thought there? J? waa any danger near you I would not leave yon. jr What frighten* you ?" She trii d to laugh, hut bor lips trpmbleo. "I am friflhtened\ali shadows," she said. " On, R x'fl knoV tye truth ; they have told mt. the truth, and I wish that I were dead !" He tore himself away, no? oaring to tru9* himself to Bpeak, the longing upon him,sias¡«r> great to take her away-to take her iromithw wretched home ; but Rex WBB a gentleman.^er was a man of honor ; he would rathe* tatty »way than say one word better Jett unsaid to the woman who honored and revered When he «a gone she felt quite alone. The last of the visitors bad disappeared ; the earl had gone as ¡natani to the smoking-room. She was quite rj^°> "ia shuddering after the fashion of «ensitive people, with nervous dread. Strange «badows seemed to lie in the corners of the room, strange noiseB sounded in her ears. ' "What am I frightened at?" she said 41 What folly and nonsense ; 1 shall bo frightened -at my own shadow next." But nonsense though it might be, it waa none the less terribly real. ' She trembled ; her heart "beat ; ber brain throbbed ; and she owned to herself, a few minutes aftorward, that there was some cause, for the door opened, and her husband -entered, oarefully dosing it after him. One glanoe showed ber his face, blaok with anger j his eyes bright with a lurid light. Ho stopped before her, and looked at hor, with a muttered ourse between his lips "Now, my lady," he said, "for an explana tion. The woman you hovo offended and driven from this houBe is worth twenty thousand of jou !" " I do not deny it," she said, oalmly. She had trembled and shuddered at the dangor beforo it oame ; now that she was to faoe it, her .courage rose, and she looked dauntlessly at him. " " Pew words go the farthest," said the earl " You must apologize to her, my lady I do not wish to proceed to violent measures. I tell you, you are mistaken. I will show you, to morrow, the same jewels you saw in maroom. Will that. convince you ?" *' A light oame over ber faoo J " I have no wish to quarrel, Talbot," she said are married-bound together for life. (\\}$ ß°°d oan oonie of disputes* I have beard tho truth to-Digbt""aboutVtíiB-this singer and you ; I have heard it all ; thero need be no more deceit " * His face flushed a dull red. "Somo old woman has been telling you a -whole book of untruths," he oried. " I reBt all on one ehanoe," she Baid. " If you; can go to your room now, and fetch the pink coral I saw yesterday, I will believe you ; I will apologize to Madame Dubois j I will disbelieve the story I have hoard " "I swear to you/' he oried, " that I will show ?them to you to-morrow !" " No; that wi>l not do, my lord Before,the dawn of to morrow, you would have had time to '.send for them back j^tovhuy more ; to ohest me in'a hundred different ways. Fetch them now, Talbot-now, and there will bo no apology too humble for me to make." He Btood for some time in moody silence, 'biting bis lips ; then he oried out : " I could fetch thom now, but I will not ; I -will not givo into your whims and oaprioes. If I produce tbem at all, it shall be at my own ~time, at my orçn discretion, my own pleasure, inot yours " " That is answer sufficient," she said ; " I -vant no more " He siezed ber arm BO rudely, that his fingers made a red mark on her tender skin. " Yon must apologise," he oried ; " I insist, I command thatyou apologizetoMadame Dubois !" She raised her eyes-olear, bright, and daunt less-to his face. " 1 never will," she reblied j " I would rather -die " \ » He stood quite still for a few moments, then he said : ' " You have too much sense to oppose me, Evelyn, Apologize-not humbly, of oourse, thero is no need oí that ; but just say that you find you were mistaken-and I will do anything *©n earth for y ou" " I will not do anything of the kind, my lord I wonder that you, an English gentlomen, by birth tat leaBt, should insult me by asking me to «do any such thing." J Then for some minutes they stood, eaoh measuring the other's strength. (To be continued.) 