MUSIC AND DRAMA. ' Nothing extenuate, nor set down aught in malice.' Theke have been several 'events' (to use the sporting phrase) since my last article, at each of which I must endeavour to glance as briefly and comprehensively as pos sible. ''Sensation has been fairly pitted against sensation at each theatre ; but the Victoria has held its own — which, indeed, was not to be wondered at, for the'piece will not give the actress. On Thursday and Friday evenings there was plaved at the Royal a comedy by Mr. H. J. Byron, entitled ' Married 1 in Haste.' From a literary standpoint this iB an excellent piece, replete with keen satire, and having a dialogue not only pungent but natural — a quality not always found in dramas. The only fault I can see in the comedy Is that it is rather too quiet for these unappreciative times of song and breakdown. The plot turns upon the fortunes of a young couple who, having married in haste, are left to re- pent at leisure. Mr W. Horace Lingard's part was Gibson Greene, one of those lounging characters that Byron sketches for his own delineation - a gentleman who has little or nothing to do with the real action of the piece, but assumes a role somewhat analogous to that of the old Greek chorus. He saunters upon the stage whenever he is required to help out the details, and has a plentiful stock of repartee, sympathy, and even hard cash when requisite. All this Mr. Lingard portrayed very adequately, indeed; and in point of costume must as usual be congratulated upon his taste. His acting was extremely realistic ; and, in fact, notwithstanding the quietness of the part, he was considered by some persons to have best dis- played his histrionic ability in it. In this I do not concur, because I think that he had more scope both as Perkyn Middlewick and David Garrick. The other leading parts were evenly sustained by Mr. W. J. Holloway, Mr. J. C. Joyce, Mr. W. Andrews (whose pathos, however, is not ex- cruciating), and Miss Augusta Chambers. On Saturday evening the management made a concession towards the pronounced taste of the public by producing a melodrama entitled ' Dead to tne World,' by Messrs. D. Ennery and Carmen, the authors of ' The Two Sisters,' introduced to the Sydney stage by Miss Alice Dunning and Mies Dickie Lingard. It is cleverly constructed and well-written, as such pieces go, and has genuine strength ef situation in so far that (except in the last act) the effect iB conveyed rather by the intensity of the idea than the nature ot the position. The plot runs (in outline) thus: — ! Old Lombard (Mr Danielle) is a city merchant, crusty in 1 manner but soft of heart. His clerk, Alexander Idleton j (Mr. H. A. Douglas), is a rakish, worthless fellow, and his messenger, Bob Sossidge (Mr. W. H. Lingard), is a Lon don 'gent' of the conventional type, with a taste for poe'trv. Now Idleton had an old friend, Brandon (Mr. W. J. Holloway), who in years gone bv got into trouble (I could not determine satisfactorily whether he was really inno cent or not) and was transported. Before taking his depar ture, however, he confided his two daughters to Idleton's care ; but that worthy, finding a passion he cherished for Ruby Brandon (Miss Tilly Andrews), the elder of the twain, unrequited, was brutal enough to leave thetn to shift for themselves. The action of title play opens at the time when Brandon has managed to make his escape from penal servitude, and returns to London to find his daughters starving. Idleton has become hopelessly in volved, and determines upon a robbery on a large scale. He succeeds in obtaining £7000 from Lombard's iron safe, but when making his escape encounters Brandon, who had been seeking him, filled with fury at his neglect of his (Bran don's) daughters. The remainder of the play is occupied with Idleton's attempts to corrupt Brandon and obtain the hand of the latter's daughter, and Brandon's vacillation. They are overheard by Lombard when conferring in the eating-room of a public-house ; so Idleton murders him, and they convey the body to an old mill hard by, where they bury it beneath the snow and icc. But Lombard is recovered safely, and proves to have only been stunned. Tho last act contains the grand sensation — the escape of Brandon's younger daughter, Daisy (Miss Emma Marsh), over a frozen mill-stream, the ice oracking and breaking at every footfall, and ultimately giving way with her. This is really an excellent scene, and was well executed. I have not much to say as to the playing. All the honours of the piece were divided between Mr. W. J. Holloway and Mr. H. A. Douglas as Brandon and Idleton respectively; and I have no fault to find with either of them. Mr. Lingard as Bob Sossidge had a p»rt of which either nothing was to . be made, or of which he did not choose to make anything. As presented it might have been played by any intelligent 'utility-man' in the theatre. In 1 any case* it 'went for nothing, and on Tuesday night the part was allotted to Mr. W. Andrews. Mr. j Darnells played cleverly as the rough-diamond j old merchant, 'and Mr. E. B. Russell's impersonation of I Ward, a locksmith, upon whom the guilt of Idleton's j robbery is cast, deserves commendation. Miss Tilly Andrews made the most of Ruby Brandon, and youthful Miss Emma Marsh was passably good as Daisy. * Mr. A. Andrews was a landlord who waits upon his customers, and wears a costume adapted for a farce ; but there is nothing . in the part. Miss Maggie Oliver is, as she always is, arch and amusing as Totty, Bob Sossidge's sweetheart. The piece was very well put upon the stage. I am sorry to say that the Lingard- engagement terminates on Fridav, after which Mr. C. Wheatleigh, of 'Shaughraun' celebrity, reappears in ' The Lottery of Life.' 'The Little Detective' is the present 'Nell' piece at the Victoria Theatre, and in saying that it is fully as well received as its predecessors I can add nothing in thiB respect. 'Crowded houses,' 'thun- ders of 'applause.' 'roars of laughter,' ' enthusiastic encores,' that is the plav-bill language, which sums it ail up. It is really wonderful what an ascendancy 'Nell' has acquired over 'the public. The crowds that fill every part of the theatre from the aristocratic dress-circ'.e to the abode of the 'gods' seem to hang upon her every motion; they stand on tip-toe, crane over each other's hewls, and double themse'ves into all sorts of uncomfortable positions, in erdei not to lose one single attitude, one flicker of the countenance, ftistori was never more attentively listened to ; in this city she never attracted such audiences. Everything that ''Nell' says or does is 1 appreciated to the utmost, and applauded to the echo. Her repartees, however pointless, elicit peals of sympathetic laughter; her jokes, however stale, convulsions of meiri ment. Her songs are rapturously encored, and her d&rca-; and instrumental solos (there are none in thiB piece, by th; way) received with an enthusiasm that any 'original silver-belt jig' performer or Italian artinte might envy. She is undoubtedly the presiding divinity of the ttay. At least she is a merry one. The ' Little Detective ' has a plot which, may with some attention be comprehended and followed — not that there are no incongruities, for there are plenty, but they do not inter fere with the narrative of the play, which proceeds for better or worse. In some parts it is really very ingenious ; and the piece presents this notable difference from its two predecessors, that whereas they contain plots fitted upon 'Nell's' ' variety business, in this the variety business is really subordinate to t he plot. There is of course a heavy villain of gentlemanly exterior, Bany Mallinson (Mr. H. fc-. Jerdan), and his object is to commit bigamy. ' Nell's' function, on the other h«nd, is to foil him, and with this view she ap pears as an Irish servant girl (in which, by the way, certain vulgarisms might without disadvantage be curtailed), an ancient nurse, an intoxicated young man,and a' Deutscher' girl, besides her first entry as a young lady in a fancy costume. She sings a song in each — two, as a matter of fact, for the cncorc iB not only inevitable, but undeniable ; and her acting is funny and good in all ex-?ept the mascu line assumption. A young lady cannot, of course, be ex pected to manifest great familiarity with the style of a tip&y; young man; but 'Nell's' tipsiness is very ideal indeed*. The villain Mallinson, it is needless to* say, is th waited; he does not succeed in his designs of bigamy, but he does succeed in drowning his lovely and amiable wife, Stella (Miss Emma Austin), who, notwithstanding his brutality, is devoted to him. She is drowned in the ihke et Baden, but is revenged in the spirit, for her ghost rises through the water just as her miserable husband is about departing in a boat with Una Langton (Miss Kate Douglas), the heiress whom he desires to wed. The result is a double fit. the lady lying- with her head over one end of the boat, and tbe gentleman with his over the other. The greatest circumspection has to be used in faint ing; for the beat is not much bigger than a good -si zed parking-case. It 4b propelled punt-fashion with a pole, which the gondolier seems to stick into the bottom, though this would militate againBt the assumption of Stella or any woman of spirit consenting to be drowned in so shallow a place. However, Mrs. Mallinson was ap parently a milk-and-water sort of lady after all. The third and last act comprises, according to the synopsiB, ' The fast voung man and the detective — The drugged glaBS — Put him to bed— Die, traitor — The Dutch girl m-mVarmany — The villain's escape — Reach my heart through hers— Save my sister — Fire on him — Death and retribution.' All this is realized to any extent. Mr. H. S. Jerdan h&s;, in reality, the leading part of tho play as Mallinson, and he pusses through its varied eccen tric* phases with much equanimity. Mr. B. N. Jones is an adequate detective ; but his assumption of white trousers in London during the month of November is a novelty in costume. Mr. J. J. Welsh as Sir Gervase Langton is a singular specimen of the aristocracy who affect a moustache. Mr. J. South as Phoebus Rockaway and Mr. Giddens as Ludovie Stuyvesont are two caricatured swindlers who execute a good deal of buffoonery. Miss Emma Austin as Stella played with much feeling, and is too pretty and graceful a spouse for such a fellow as Mallinson. Miss Kate Douglas, whom I was glad to see on the stage here again, made the most of Una, and Mre. C. Jones was all that could be expected as Madame Ritzdorf, though she did not convey the idea of a foreigner. But perhaps this is not intended. It is hard to determine any thing in these pieces ; in one of them I recollect there is a Spaniard named Josey Jarez. The Civil Service Musical Society's concerts are always agreeable reunions. The music is nGt too Beverelv classic ; and there is an efficient orchestra and chorus. The latter might be greatly improved if its ranks were recruited from the fair sex ; as it is there are three gentlemen for each lady, which prevents that proper unison of both classes of voice o essential for the due harmonizing of choral effects. Still, unquestionably, both the choristers and the instrumentalists acquit themselves very creditably and must be frequent and attentive in their practice. The society ought, however, to be much stronger than it is, considering the number of Civil servants in Sydney. I was sorry to observe on Mon day evening (when the first concert of the ninth season was given) that some of the band of the New South Wales Artillery were required to augment the brass instruments in the orchestra. I was glad to notice by the printed programmes two very salutary regulations — one a prohibition of encores, and the other an interval of five ^ minutes to allow such of the audience as felt disposed to do so to depart before the final songs. It is not very pleasant either for the vocalist or the more patient of the audience to see people leaving in detachments during the last quarter of an hour or so, as if there were some weighty inducement for this small saving of time. If the people addicted to this practice were aware how it disturbs everyone else, I feel convinced that they would put a stop to it. ' Eveleen the Rose of the Vale ' is a so-styled operatta, by W. H. Birch, but cantata would be the more appropriate designation. It is a succession of light and jovial pastoral mel69ies, con taining, besides the overture, some pleasant orchestral music, noticeably an ' andante pastorale ' and ' Maypole Dance.' There are also some pretty solos ; the character of the melody being 'light and lively throughout. It is a work not calculated to produce a very lasting impression, nor indicating great originality in the composition, but yet agreeable relaxation for the hour that it occupies in performance. There is also a quaintness about the airs that carries itB own recommendation. The second part of the concert Comprised a miscellaneous selec tion, commencing with the overture to 'Semiramide' — a , piece very formidable when rendered on the piano by two young ladies, but always pleasant as given by a competent , orchestra. Gluck's chorus of Furies ('Iphigenia'), which followed, is a wild and fanciful composition, liberally inter larded with orchestral 'smashes ' on the cymbals, to indi cate the supernatural. The triumph of the' evening, in my opinion, was the rendering of 'Ah ! foree e lui,' from ' l raviata,' by a lady who has a soprano voice of much melody and timbre, and interpreted the various phases of this exquisite melody verv felicitously. Master's ' Cottage Far Away' (tenor), 'Ernani Involami' (soprano), and ' The Love Test' (basso) were also amongst the best exe cuted pieces of the evening. The programme was too long, it being nearlv half-past 11 o'clock before the concert teiininated. 'From two hours to two hours and a half are quite sufficient for any musical entertainment, except indeed an opera, and even* that ought not to extend ? over three hours. j ? REIMA. ! 