AMUSEMENTS. WHITE'S ROOMS BENEFIT OF MADAME CARANDINL Madame Carandini took her benefit on Friday evening, it being the last appearance but one of the company at White's Rooms prior to their second country tour. An inauiEiti^e public is asking why Madame has accorded benefits to herself and to Mr. Biicke and not to her talented assistant, Miss St. Clair; but this is a purely private matter of arrangement, with which we thick the public has nothisg to do. _ The attendance on Friday evening was but limited, and the same may be said of tae amount of enthusiasm displayed. Sometimes we have to record with regret the noisy demonstrations of inconsiderate persons, who think they are justified in encoring half the programme. Last nignt, however, the audience was as sedate as a procession of nuns at a funeral. The only instance of anything like a thorough appreciation of the music was that of Madame Carandini's " Auld Robin Gray," which evoked a redeaiand, in response to which tbe gifted cantatrica favoured her admirers with the "Irish Emigrant." ^ The programme contained an excellent selection of almost every olass of genuine music, from the simple ballad to the intricacies of Rossini and Donifetti. And thsugh the stolidity of the audience occasionally communicated itself by the mysterious magnetism of sympathy to the performers, a good many of the pieces were rtndered superbly. Madame Carandini hersalf, with all her experience, has not yet learned the art of even ^partially failing either in solo or soli. Her singing last evening was marked by all the style and finish which so invariably characterizes whatever she undertakes. The pretty duet " O, ye voice?," as sung by Mits St. Clair and Miss Carandini, was hardly so effective as we had expected. Later in the evening, however, both of these ladies more than made amends for such deficiency. The former sang the very elegant song "When sparrows build" with touching pathos, and Miss Temmie quite surprised her auditors by her arch rendering of the part of the Grand Duchess in the celebrated duet " The Regulation," in _ which Mr. Sherwin took the part of Fritz. The least meritorious of the concerted pieces was, we think, "The Rover's Joy,"_ and certainly the most artistic was tne beautiful chorus from the second aci of "Luriine"—"Peace to the memory of the brave." It will be remembered as the elegant " concerted ensemble" sung by the followers of Rudolph as they sail down the Rhine. This evening will be the last opportunity the public will have of hearing this talented company in Adelaide, at least for some time to come. We referred the other day to a new song by Alberto Zelman, entitled " The Miner." Mr. Biicke has engaged to sing it this evening. It is precisely in his style, and will, we are sure, be a treat to hear. THE FAEIP. OF OOLU.—This deservedlypopular illusionist will begin a short season at the Theatre Royal thi3 evening. Those who witnessed Doctor Silvester's wonders whan he was last in Adelaide will not require much inducement to caiuse them to make a point of attending his entertainment again. We notice, however, that the Doctor is determined to leave no stone unturned to ensure popularity. In addition to his beautiful "prismatic foantaia" and mysterious "entranced lady," whfch b» exhibited when last in Adelaide, he has several novelties. Amongst these is one term ad "Doctor Silvester versus the Davenoort Brothers," in which the performs is * of the latter gentlemen is said to be imitated very eioEely. The Fakir's manifestations in this line include something in the style of Maskeplene & Cook's levit ition ast, Mr. A. Silvester being floated above the hairs of the audience without any visible suspending power. There are ako some ghost effects, presumably Pepper's astonishing illusion, which has never been properly produced in this colony.. A panorama of tbe voyage of the Ssrapis with the Prince of Wales, and vocalizations by Mr. and Mrs. Empson—who hive before visitsd us—and Madame Silvester go to make up what caano'; fail to be an interesting programme. THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS.—The seance of the Davenport Brothers at the Town Hall last night was patronised by a large assemblage. Mr. Peterswald and Mr. Anthony formed the Committee of the evening. The performance was essentially the same as that we have already noticed, and those of the audience who had evidently witnessed it before were apparently as much mystified as those who saw it for the first time. The hands were, we think, more obtrusively visible than on ordinary occasion*, although Mr. Anthony, who tied Mr. Ira Davenport, and Mr. Peterswald, who manipulated his brother, both performed their tas t in a very exemplary manner. The dark seance, in which Professor Fay tabes so prominent a part, was as successful as UI"al—instruments playing, and the Professor's coat flying in most mystical fashion. During the evening between the seances Mr. D&vies; entertained the audience with his wonted ventrilcquial ability. This evening the performance will be under the patronage of Hi3 Excellency the Governor and Lady Musgrave. ENTERTAINMENT AT GAWLER.—A musical and literary entertainment in aid of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institution was giv n in the Insitiute Hall, Gawler, on Thursday evening, Nov. 23. The large hall was crowded with well-wishers to the charity, there being about 500 people present. Mr. J. M. Bailey, the President of the Institute, in a few well - cho-en remarks, opened the pro: eedings. He then introduced the Misses Nash and Warren, who in an able manner performed the overture. The little blind girl, Alice Brooks, then recited in a very feeling manner the pidce " The Blind Girl to her Mother." Tnis wa3 followed by a short address from Mr. Wm Townsend, M.P., on Benevolence and Money, their Use and Abuse." He handled his subject in a very masterly manner, and many of his sentiments were heartily applauded. The song "The Village Blacksmith,'' by Mr John Limb, followed, in whieh difficult piece he was quite at home. Mrs. F. Perjman in the song " Wrecked and Saved" carried tha audience with her. and was loudly enc rod. A reading entitled "Calum Dhu," by Mr. Wm. Malcolm, J.P., followed, and was listened to with breathless interest. Mrs. Beadnall was well received in the "Blind Girl's Song," and had to return to an enthusiastia encore. Mr. Sarnt in the song " Holy Friar" was well received. The second part of the entertainment was begun by Miss Nash playing the evarture, which she did proficiently. Mr. Sanderson in " The Old Saxton" was well received, his deep bass voice being heard to gcod advantage in all parts of the halL The blind boy, David, gave a reading from "The good old book." Mcs. Beadnall in the song '-'Give to me those early flowers" met with a well-deserved compliment, and retired amid a floral offering from the audience, and again appeared to the imperative demancs of the audience. Mr. F. Harris recited the "Battle of Ivry" in fine style, "Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee," by Mr. H. J. Garrood, elicited an encore, and he replied with "I love the maid for loving me." Mrs. F. Peryman, in "Tell me, my heart," was much admired, and had to respond again. Mr. Townsend, M. P., then gave a sketch from the "lights and Shadows of London Life," and wound up with reciting a part of Longfellow's " Psalm of Life." A hearty vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had taken part in the proceedings was carried and "God Save the Queen" by the company brought a most enjoyable evening's amusement to a close. LITERARY AND MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT.— An entertainment, consisting of solos, duets, glees, and a lecture upon " Oddities of Genius," was given in the Baptist Church Lecture Hall, Fiinders-street, on Friday evening, November 24, before a moderately large and thoroughly appreciative audience. The Rev. S. Mead, LL.B., presided. The most prominent feature of the evening's proceedings was the lecture referred to, which was delivered by the Rev. James Henderson, and which has already been somewhat fully reported in these columns. It was divided into two parts, so as to admit of musical pieces beir? gone through prefatory to each part. ..bounding as it did with numerous spr.-U'.-ig and humorous anecdotes, and illumini.L'-u i.-jre and there with not a few brilliant flashes of eloquence,the lecture proved deservedlysuccessful, frequently evoking the unrestrained plaudits of the auditors. Of the muidcal eelectiops by Mi,f8 Ev!iret t « and th e favourite glee Oh, music," which was joined in by some seven or eight lady and gentleman amateurs. This glee, we understand, is the composition of Mr C. A. Howard, R. A.M., but has not vot been published. It is in three parts, and "is set to the well-known stanzis of Elizi Cook, "Oa music! gentle music." CONCERT.—On Monday evening a mnsiial entertainment is to be given iu White's Rooai, by Mr. T. W. Lyons's singing class, assisted by several ladies and gentlemen. The first part o the programme comprises selections from the " Bohemian Girl." The specialty of the entertainment, however, will be Offenbach's comic operetta "The Barber of Bath," which has never been performed iD Adelaide. It is com prised in one act, and the performance does not occupy more than about three-quarters of an hour. There are but four characters, namely Mr. Gilbert, a retired tradesman, aged 63 • Young Curlew, a hairdresser snd barber; Mr.' Silvester, an apothecary; and Gsrtrude, daughter of ilr. Gilbert, a maiden of eighteen summers. The period of the scene is the beginning of the eighteenth century. The libretto flashes with wit and humour, and the situations afford ample scope for acting. The " Barber of Bath" opens with a lively overture. The curtain then rises to a pretti'y-finished sitting-rooai. Mr. Gilbert is discovered reading a latter from Silvester's father regretting that a severe attack of the gout will prevent him from being present at his (Gilbert's) daughter's wedding with his son Silvester—a person whom the damsel has not yet seen, and therefore does not know. The Barber Curlew presents himself for business purposes, but soon becomes puzzled at Gilbert's brainless hospitalities. The young barber, however, finds relief to this perplexity by singins a sweet romance, "Angel of Beauty," when "he is startled by the presence of Gertrude in bridal costume, and imagines himself a victim of a delusive dream. Gertrude however, proclaims " 'Tie he for whom this heart is sighing." Her soul overflows with jov, and he, throwing aside his lethargic feeling, becomes filled with supreme bliss. Their happiness, however, is of short duration, for at the close of a duet, where tbe key changes from A flat to F the gawky and timid apothecary Silvester arrives and discomforts the happy pair. A smart altercation ensues between the discontented trio, which ia heightened by the sudden appearance of Mr. Gilbert. Mow comes a scene of indescribable merriment. Every one is at cross purposes, and the banter at this juncture is scattered broadcast. The quartet finale hurries the plot to a close. The banns had been published in the name of Silvester,_ and Curlew's patronymic was the same, he being the son of the apothecary's uncle. Gilbert gives his daughter Gertrude to the hairdresser, invites the rival to the wedding, and thus the operetta ends as merry as a marriage hell. The music throughout is bright and cheerful, and judging from the rehearsals the concert will qufte equal in excellence any of Mr. Lyons'^ previous entertainments. 