FAOETI.E. Nothinu tellf on a man bo muoh as a gossiping wif*. Topsail—When the auctioneer rortoboi the garret. When ib a youug l&dy; like a whale t —When ahe'a you'tny. Tub favourite king OAbbiea.—Fare! oh (Pn*iu.'->b). What ought a skipper to do after weathering a gaW—Wby, thank hie {*)tars. The girl who s»id 14 Hand me my fan, Tom/' is supposed to have believed in ghosts. " What flower of beauty shall I marry r" said a handsome yonng spendthrift to his miserly governor; to which the governor replied, " Siari gold." Dean Swift says, *' It. is with little.souled people as it is with narrow- necked bottles—the less they bave in them the more noise they make in pouring it out." " My d*er, I love thee!" as the benediot said to Ma wife when she helped him to a slioe of venison. Delightfully did she smile; bnt how easily women are hnmbogeed. Ddejnq a Westminster election Fox was opposed by Sir Cuuil Wray. One of the adverse party, when a dead oat wa« thrown upon the hustings, observed that it smelt worse than a Fox. " That is not at all extraordinary," taid Fox," oonsideriag it is a pole oat." i A COUPLE of gentlemen, strolling along a turn-' pike, o»me to a toll-bridge, and one of them said, "1 wonder when that bridge was ereoted, and who built itP"—"I don't know," responded the other; " but let's go over, and we shall be tolled." The brother of Beethoven signed his name, to : die'ioguiah himself from his landless relative, " Vou Beethoven, land-owner." The other signed his same " Beethoven, brain»owner," to be equal with him. The Uflt case of indolenoe reported is that of ft man named John Hole, who was bo 1 aty that in writing bis name he simply need the letter J, and then tranobeda hole through the paper. ' No fashionable lady ever goes to bed withont first looking in ber glass,'' 41 And no fashionable gentleman ever goes to bed withont first drinking out of his," retorted a lady* " What you been a doinP" asked ft boy of bis playmate, whom be eawooming oat of the house witb tears in his eyes. "I've been ft ohasin* ft biroh-rod round my father," was the snarling reply. Advice to Ladibs.— It you your lips would save from alips, Five things observe with oare; Of whom yon speak, to whom you apeak, And hew, and when, ftnd v>he*e* Wisdom is better than physical power. Better have, like Argus, ft hundred eyes to see with and only one pair of bands to work with, than, like Briareus, a hundred hands to work with, and only two eyes to see with. A Sukdat school teaoher was giving a lesson on Ruth. Sbe wanted to bring out the kindness of Boas in commanding the reapers to drop large handfnts of wbeat. " Now, children," ehe said, " Boas did Another kind thing for Enth. Can you tell me what it was ?" " Married her," said one of the girls, A faumf.e asked ft provinoUl editor for the best way to get rid of weeds, was responded to in the editor's oolnmn thus: "8qneez* the band of ft plump young widow all in blank." The next day she was in half mourning, and a second kindly pressure resulted in a pink gsra with a white bonnet. The weeds bad disappeared. A few nights ago Mr. Bodkins, who had been out taking hia glass and pipe, on going borne late borrowed an umbrella, and when his wife's tosgae was loosened he sat np in bed and suddenly spread oat the paraobnte. 44 What are yuu goiog to do with that thing P " said she. M Way, my dear, I expected a very severe stora to-night, and so I oame pre pared." In less than five minutes Mrs. Bodkins was Cast asleep. A family has In it a little girl about four years old and a little boy about six. They had bees cautioned In their strife about hnns' eggs not to take away the neat egg; bat one morning the little girl reaobed the nest first, eeized an egg, anti started for the house. Her disappointed brother followed, crying " Mother, mother! 8my she's been and got the egg the old hen measures by." Henrt Erseinb, the famous Sootoh barrister, a great frag, was oooe pleading before a fanny Sootoh judge, with whom he was on the most intimate terms; and happening to have a female client of the name of Tickle, he commenced his epeeoh In the following strain: " Tiokle, my client, my lord." The oonrt was driven into hysterics of lao»hter by the judgn replying, ** Tiokle her yoa reelf, Henry I" A touno man at a sodal party was urged to sing a so&g.; lie replied that he woold first toll a story, and then, if they persisted in their demand, be would exeoate a song. " When a boy," he eatd, " be took lessons Is singing, and on Sunday morning he went into his father's attio to praatioe by himself. When in fall play he was suddenly sent for by the old gentleman. 'This is pretty conduct,' said the father; 1 pretty employment for the eon of pious parents, to be sawing boards on Sunday morning, loud enough to be beard by the neighbours. Sit down and take your book.'" The young man was excused from singing the proposed Bong. " Cobb here my little mini," said * reyerend oate ohiat," and let me bm if you can repeat the Fifth Cod mandment." The aeholar bang hie bead, bat managed to repeatthe •never rery oorreotly. "Now what u meant by hotonring yonr father and mother, my boy f" Silenoe waa the only reply on the part of the eaholar. " Do yon always do what- your parent* bid yonf" Still so reply. "Oome now;! do yon always do what your father bidi yon f" " Tee," waa the ready answer. " And do yon do all an yonr mother bide yonf" " Na, Dae fear o' me I" " And why not f" "Govie 1 if I wia tae dae a* that ehe bide me ahe wid keep me oarryin' water »' day." A certain Amerioan deaeon, who waa a eealona adrouat* for the eanae of tempemnoe, employed a narpenter to make aome alterationa In hie parlonr. In repairing a oomer near thefireplaoe it wai found neoeeauy to remove the wainsoot, when Rome thinge were brought to light which aatoniahed the workman most marrellonaly. A braoe of deoastere, anndry battles—all containing " something to take"—a pitoher and tnmblera, were ooaily reposing there in song quarters. The joiner, with wonder*trieken oonntananoe, ran to the proprietor with the intelli gence. "Well, I dealare," eiolaimed the deaoon, " that {a oariona, eure enongh 1 It mnat be old Cap tain Bnnoe that loft thoae things there when he ooon plod the premleea thirty years since " " Perhaps he did," retained the disooverer; " bnt, deaoon, that ioe in the pitoher most hare been well frown to re mam solid. Avert learned and oompaaaioaate judge in Tern, on paaaiug s«ntenoe on John Jouea, who had beenoon vioted of murder, oonoluded hiaremarke asfollowet " The fast la, Jones, that the Court did not intend to order yon to be executed before next epriug, bnt the weather i« very oold ; our gaol, unfortunately, ia in a Tory bad oondition; mnoh of the glass in the windows ia broken; the chimneys are in *noh a ] dilapidated state that no fire can be made to render yourapartmenta comfortable; betides, owing to the great number of prisoners, not more than one blanket can be allowed to each; to deep aound and oomfort able, therefore, ia out of the qneation. In conaidera tlon of theie oircometances, and wishing to leaaen jour anffaringa aa muihaa possible, the Court, in the exeroiee of ita humane oompassion, hereby ordera yon to be executed to-morrow morning, aa soon after breakfast as may be convenient to the sheriff and agreeable to von." Oh a bot evening in the month of July, in a tauet ingof Assembly, aa a member, much distinguished by his attitudinising and vehemenoe, c'a led bis speech, with his gesticulation be was naturally warm, and largely used his handkerchief. A member in reply ing, said, " Moderator, I never till now truly knew the meaning of that aoripture whioh saveth that * bodily labour profiteth little;' bat when I saw the apeeohjnst delivered, it minded me of a story of a Bootoh wife home from kirk, who declared the sermon was the finest diaooorae ever she heerd. ' What waa it about P* 'How should I ken P' 'But what was the subject P' * I'm no sure.' ' But what was the text, and how did he divide it P' 11 dinna mind the text, bnt oh, it waa a grand disooorsej the beat ever I heerd; for first he dang with this han', and then he dang wi' that han'; and then he stamped wi' this foot, and then he stamped tri' that foot i and aboon a' he swat maiet vicious!' " , 