T&mbo; Christmas Races. (FBOM A COKEESFOKXtEXT.] THETambo Christmas Eaoes cune off on the days named— the S7th and 28th December. I ] have seen many Ouistmas meetings in Tambo, , but Done equal to tha one. In the first place, tbe stewards did their utmost to make the meeting a success— though justice com pels me to say that nearly all the work fell upon two of them, the others tji^ilrmg the weather too hot for any extra exertion. The : secretary did his utmost in assisting the | officials. There was a good sprinkling of the i fair sex, and the course looked very lively. I am sorry to see so mncb protesting as is now common, as it causes a great deal ox ill- ^ Ceding when such things take place in a small j commanity like ours. A protest was made j in tbe Maiden Plate. The hone Lnnatici coming in first, the boy got off of him before ; coming to tbe scale through ignorance, and the \ Stewards would not disqualify him. Ibeheve i there was a lot of money on the race, and the Stewards' decision did not give satisfaction to I some of our townsmen. I was glad to see our ' Doctor pull off the Maiden Plate withLeaatic ? and he won it easuy from start to finish. He wffl make a good horse when he gete some age j on hntt. I The Subscribers' race brought out a good . field of horses, and this race fell to our Doctor I again by his hone Stump Iron; be is a nasty | horse to ride, but his rider handled him nrst Tnen came 43k great event of the meeting— the Christen Handicap, which brought out no ! fewer than seven horses, and all the cracks this side of fiUckau. The Iv^i-r^n did not look wen on paper, bat to the surprme of nearly everyone, but the winner, of enu, (he black gdding, Harpoon, came in first, after a good struggle with the cock and {avourite SlopmHk ; the well-kmnrn Gneue only getting third place. The next on the cards was the SeDra Baee. This was a lame affair, and fell to W7 Whit man's mare. She was immediately pot op to asetasn. and bought in {or £14 10i_ thus pnttia££4 10a. totbefnngS. ? Thelftt race was theTCaiden Hurdle Baee, when seven faced the starter : they aU more i or less baulked or ran through the hurdles, ! and by that means itidl to the bates! home, but not the best jumper, and thus ended the fint day's races. In the evening we aU enioyed wu SttWia at Mr. Iiememrs Theatre, and a penon em qo wDrse urn spend Ss, sritii t****'i tor I think we got the worth of oar money. A gnat many came onton the seconddasjpr (he parnoseofseemg the great M'Gregor soever the bksticks-and a splendid-sigB itio= which ae accomplished exactly in half -an- hottz. When the Sag feO his first rider took him np to the fint jump which he refused, and no periuasion coiild indoce him to go over. After several attempts, another rider, TeUowBOly, got oq fma; Mac could not «e it then ; but BOly, bemg a game rider, nribedlrjm at it, and sueaeeded m taking a wingoff_tfae first fence. He then went at ihewxt, and after some dozen taaals, he sot over somehow ; at the third he imr -m t- the jump and smashed it It was a good thing for his owner that the jumps had been up so long, or it would have-been all np with him warning the double (this and BuckaH). At tiaefonroL jump the Scotehman again said 'No you dont,' bat after repeated trials BOly walked him np to it and by continuous spurring got him to fairly climb over it The other four jumps were a repetition of the former ones, and the only cheers given were for his rider. Mr. Whitman gare him £10, and' there was a 8obscripb*m got np on the coarse for his pluck. I de not think Mac win have the ghost of achanee at BlackaD. (after what f nave seen of mm,} where ne wffl nave to meet hones that not only can jump and not bulk, but Oat are a great deal faster than he is. His owner U plucky to send him down after the open show he made of himself. He may jump Better down there, but 1 doubt it. The Cigar Bace came next, which Crying Billy's Fiatcatcher won after a dead heat with Boss's Ely, through the good riding of Crying Buly. The next on the cards was the Flying Han dicap, which brought out five of Urn cracks. This was a splendid race, and does great credit to the handicapper. Coming down the straight a blanket would have covered them. Gratis not caught die Judge's eye, with Orrelle second. The Donkey Bace came next, and Mr. Woods was tbe locky winner of £5 by the race, his horse being splendidly ridden by old ruij^fwrnw. Then came the Consolation Stakes, won by Sopmflk, who never was asked to gaHop The last race of the meeting was the Forced p»w^i.»pp Four accepted. This was a crest boil over .for the much-despised Ueweuyn, who won after a game struggle with the black bone. This was the last race, and the company aU went home, and had a good qniet night I took particular notice that both booses were ?but np about 12 o'clock. I will also shut np. The mnninc was as onder :— FIBST DAY. Matdek Pute of £10 ; for aU maiden hones ; ooe mile. Dr. Horden's Umatic, 3 yean ... 1 Mr. Whitato'e Ueweuyn^ years ... 2 Mr. Carroll'e Brunette, aged ? 3 Three others started, but were not placed. SosacBTBEBs' B&cx; of ; t or all Sub scribers' hones ; one and a-half nnles ; welter weight for age. Dr. Haden'aVe. Stirrup Iron ... 1 Mx. Cane's SprSiK-Wl Jack ? 2 Crying fifty's ratcatcher ? 3 Taxbo CHRismis Hakskjlp of ISO, with* sweep of £1 each for second hone; one andaialf mOe. Mr. Canon's Harpoon, 9 St. Jibs. ._ 1 Mr. Whitman's SLjanilk, Sst 7Ths... 2 Mr. Blytfae's Orvetfe. 10 st ? '3 Mr. Whitman'. Big awjac,9st.rfbs. 0 Dr. Haden's Lunatic, 9 at ... 0 Mr. V 'dean's Gratis, Sst lOJbs. .- 0 Mr. Whitman's IieweIIvn,8at. ... O Selling Bux,£8; to be sold for C10; 3-mSe heats ; weight for age. Mr. Whitman's Wittown ? 1 Dr. Herden's Harkaway ? 2 Matdes Hdedix Bace of £16 ; for all maiden hones; one and ajialf mile; over six jumps 3 feet 6 inches ; welter weight far age. Mr. Morrissey's West Country Dick... 2 Mr. Storretfs Storrett ? 2 Mr. Bell's Sweep ? 3 Four others started but were not placed. 