THE MERCURY. WEDNESDA Y MORNING, MARCH 8,187C. To thoughtful persons, a speech from the Earl of Derby is always welcome. More especially is this the case when the occasion that calla it forth is non- political. There is a certain charm about the cool, dispassionate mode in which he treats debateable questions, the caution which induces him to take nothing for granted, and the shrewd common-sense remarks which he dis- tributes so freely-a charm which is refreshing after the rash assertions, hasty generalisations, and incomplete reasoning of some other equally* eminent, but more fiery-minded, orators. On topics affecting the ordinary relations of life, Lord Derby is exceedingly felicitous, and his advice is invariably sound and weighty. Many of his best characteristics, we have no hesitation in affirming, are to be found in the address (reproduced in Monday's .Mercury), recently delivered by his Lordship in his capacity as Lord Rector of the Edinburgh University. It is not bo much a speech on education, using that much abused term in its ordinary accept- ance, as a series of profound observations on life and conduct, which cannot be disregarded with impunity, and which are as valuable to our Tasmanian youth as to the audience of Edin- burgh students before whom they were uttered. One or two points of the Lord Rector's address are well worth dwelling upon for a few momenta, because they seem to us to bring out truths which are often lost sight of in all countries, and in none more than in young-go-ahead colonies where everything intellectual is tested by what it will fetch, and where culture, consequently, is accounted of infinitely less value than manual dexterity or good business qualifications. Almost at the beginning of his speech, Lord Derby announced that he was not a believer in the "gospel of getting on." Now, this is pre- cisely the gospel that clever and ardent lads especially Scottish Btudents-have always believed in ; and his hearers must have felt aa if cold water were being poured down their backs when their chosen chief gave utterance to such a heterodox dogma. But the Lord Rector's expressions were dictated by the experiences of middle ago, not by the rash impetuosity of youth. Doubtless he, like most persons of advancing years, has seen his boyish hopes blighted, and the visions of that sanguine period gradually fade away into thin air ; and he has felt the fetters which the iron circumstances of life put upon men the moment they leave the safe harbour of school or college and launch out into the stormy sea of the world. Without being blind to the advan- tages of honourable ambition, Lord Derby is not of opinion that success is a good thing in itself, or should be pursued for its own sake alone. Most men, on the contrary, worship success, in whatever guise it may appear ; they set it up as a fetish, and bow the knee to it, and elevate it almost to the dignity of a god. Even Tasmania is not free from this form of idolatry ; but here, tlie success aimed at is generally success in money making, because of all others it is the easiest to acquire, and is worshipped the most de- votedly. The Forbiun Secretary, however, has analysed this fetish, and tells us what it is. " To be successful in the world's sense," he told his hearers, "neans to have got over your neighbours' heads ; to be riöh, as the word is used, means to be richer than your neighbour ; and by the very nature of the case these are results which, if everybody aims at them, involve failure and disappointment to nine out of ten." Lord Derby does not look upon the art of making money as a very intellectual occupation, and warns the students that the highest literary, or artistic, or scientific culture does not always lead to " what the vulgar call the substantial prizes of life." He repeats the lesson, much needed in these days, that devotion to study, if real and sincere, must rest on motives far stronger, as his Lordship felicitously puta it, " than can be drawn from a calculation of chances in the great lottery of the world. " This is a lesson which students, and even men of mature years, are too often apt to forget. They confine their attention to branches of education which will hereafter have a value to them in hard cash ; throw aside all other subjects as worthless ; and look upon worldly prosperity as the summum botwiii of earthly happiness. Such men are not cultured, in tlie true sense of the word, however learned they may be upon some particular little spot in the wide field of know ledge. In the early port of last century, Pope, who was wiser than most men of either that or this age, said that a little knowledge was a dangerous thing ; to wliich the general run of men ever since have replied, with parrot-like iteration, that even a little knowledge was better than none at all. Looked at broadly, there is a good deal to be said in support of the poet's dictum ; and a similar conclusion seems to have been reached by so close an observer as the Earl of Derby, " There is nothing more common," he remarks, " among those who have read a littlo and thought a little than the union of strong convictions with very narrow intelligence." Nothing can be more truthful. The world is full of such people, and the mischief they do is i alarming. Ab one solitary example, let us point | to the protectionists ovor in Victoria, who are pre- eminently distinguished for "the union of strong convictions with very narrow intelli- gence." These are the men of one idea, and their chief characteristic is intolerance of all opinions that differ from their own. Lord Derby indicates for us this dangerous, but very common, human being. "Sometimes," the Lord Rector says, "he is the politician who thinks the British Constitution ought to be extended to all countries and all races ; some- times the theologian who believes that his own especial form of faith is destined to pervade the whole earth ; sometimes the social reformer or philanthropist, who h,olds that the acceptance of lüa particular theory is all that is wanted to accomplish what such persons are apt to call the regeneration of mankind." We can all recognise the truth of this description, for every reader can doubtless point out scores of persons to whom it applies. Such is the result of that "little learning," which, as Pope said of old, "is a dangerous thing." The speaker then enlarges on the benefits which true culture confers upon its possessors. The cultured man, when tempted into momentary enthusiasm, is called back again to reality as he "remembers how many burning questions have grown cold, how many immortal principles have not survived their authors ; how small a space the great social or political problems of a few centuries ago take up in the record* of our race ; and he learns a lesson of wise and not unkindly scepticism." Another advantage of culture, on irhich his Lordship lsya special stress, and with which he concludes this branch of his address, is that it destroys'"cant" and "rant." The essence of cant1 Lord Derby takes to be the using of " cut-and-dry phrases without attaching any definite meaning to them," and rant he defines as the treating of very little matters as if they were big ones. If these definitions are accurate, we fear that a great many persons in our midst are given to canting and ranting, and we ore sadly afraid that, despite all the Lord Rectors and universi- ties in the world, a large proportion of mankind will go on ranting and canting till the end of time. Perhaps of all kinds of cant, sancti- monious cant is the most dißgusting, and this is nearly as common amongst men who have hud a university training as amongst the illiterate preachers of obscure sects. In both cases the reason is undoubtedly the same, want of culture. The remainder of the Lord Rector's address is devoted to a warm commendation of the study of natural science ; in the course of which his Lordship points out that " the most enduring and valuable work done in the line of pure science will not bring a shilling to the man who does it," and recommends the endowment of schools and professorships of science to the notice of rich men who intend to bequeath a portion of their wealth to public institutions. The whole of his remarks on this Bubject will have been read w itli great interest ; and our purpose will be served here by quoting one passage, mainly because it indirectly reflects credit on those who have had charge of public education in this colony. Speaking of educational reform, Lord Derby remarks, " The ideal of educational reformers I take to be this-that whenever in a village school any lad, however poor, has shown really exceptional ability, he may be enabled by some moderate pecuniary help to go on with his education at a higher class school ; and. if he still continues to dis- tinguish himself there, that he may be passed on to one of these Universities, either to take his chance in an open profession or to devote himself to a life of learning and teaching, as his circumstances and hil character may lead him. This is an ideal which to the full extent has never been realised in any country, nor, perhaps, will it be." We in Tasmania have made some approach towards realising this ideal, and in this respect are ahead of every other nation in the world. But our educational system is only in its infancy, and, doubtless, in a few more years, the clever lad of the village [ school will have an equal chance of getting to I an English University with the pupils of Mr. Buckland or Mr. Poulett-Harris, In con [ elusion, we cordially recommend Lord Derby's address to the careful attention of all our J readers, and trust that the lessons it teaches will not be lost upon the class for the special behoof of whose fellows in Edinburgh-though with an eye, doubtless, to English-speaking students all over the world-it was delivered. The English Mail.-The Tamar, with the English mail on board, passed Low Heads yesterday afternoon at 2'33, and lauded the message for The Mercury containing an abstract of the news by the mail published in another column. On entering the river the steamer had to contend with an ebbiug tide, and only the greatest care could have got her up without sticking. Captain Young, however, was equal to the task, having reached the bar at 6*10, and delivered the mails at the Launceston Post Office at 6 30. The coach with the Hobart Town portion of the mails left at 0 50, and may therefore be expected here this morning at 9, io which case the delivery will be commenced about 11 o'clock. Walch'» Literary Intelligencer.-We are in receipt of the March uutuber of this periodical. It contains a favourable review from the Spectator of "Ouida's" last novel, "Sigua;" some interesting literary table talk ; an amusing poem from a new volume by Mr. Fisher Simpson ; and the usual announcements of new books and periodicals. Statuary.-We had yesterday the pleasure of looking at some more of Mon». A. Simonetti's work as a sculptor. It will be remembered that some time since we noticed a plaster-of-paris bust of Mrs. J. K. Clark, of Elizabeth-street, wbicb has been the admiration of all who have had the privi- lege of inspecting it. Beside it are now ranged busts of Mr. Clark aud his two children, aged respectively 3 years and 15 months. The likeness of Mr. Clark, whether a front or «ide look is taken, is complete. Many artistes are pleased with their work when the likeness is caught, even though it may somewhat painfully impress the onlooker by its death-like attitude. Mons. Simouetti lias, how- ever, acquired a higher triumph. He lias succeeded in imparting a life-like conception, every feature repeating the expression of original. The bust may, therefore, be truly said to be a " speaking likeness." With the childreu Mons. Simouetti has been equally happy. The elder girl's winning smile has been caught, while her little sister's classic features are admirably brought out. These are, perhaps, higher gems of art than the busts of the pareuts, as it requires no artist to know the difficulty of catching the expression of a child's features. A steady sitting is impossible. The skill of the artist is admirably brought out iu the manner in which the eyes of the children are managed. We understand that Mons. Simouetti is about returning to Sydney, where he will execute in marble what ia now in plaster-of-paris, when we doubt not that, admirable as the work is now done, the busts will be a still greater triumph of art. Sunday Traui.no.-Janies Garrard, the landlord of the Royal Oak Hotel, Watcborn-street, was charged yesterday at the City Police Court with a breach of the Sunday clause of the Licenslug Act. The evidence of a mau named James Whittaker (who had been robbed in the house), and Detectives Connor aud Simpson, proved the charge con- clusively. The defeudaut stated that he had supplied Whittaker with drink on Sunday, the 27th February, as he represented himself to be a traveller. Whittaker, however, deuied this asser- tion. Garrard then called a blind man, named Wormald, who, in answer to a question put to him, stated that he did not tee any drink sold in the house ou the day in question, though he lived there. The Bench, in Suing the defendant £3, with coats, regretted that the opposition which was raised towards the granting of his license at the last licensing meeting bad not been successful. It was evident that the house was a most disorderly one, and frequented by bad characters. Assaulted by Lakbikins.-On Monday evening between 9 aud 10 o'clock au old mau nama 1 John Service, aged CO years, was proceeding to bis horne in upper Liverpool-street, when he was assaulted by a crowd of larrikins at the intersection of Molle and Liverpool-streets, who knocked him down and kioked and abused him in a most brutal manner. He waa severely cut and bruised about the head and body. Detective Connors has the case ia hand, and baa obtained warrants for the arrest of two of the gang. Amono the Philistines.-A man named James Whittaker, a farmer from Peppermint Bay, who arrived in town on the 24th of February, was un- fortunate enough to fall into .the meshes of a net which seemed to have been especially prepared for his reception. Ou the 20th February he met Thomas Winter, a drayman, in a public-house, and after driuking together, Whittaker proceeded to Sharpes butcher's shop, in Liverpoobstreot, where he purchased 471b. of meat. Whilst in the shop Winter put in an appearance, and offered to carry the bag of meat to the wharf. On the way down Liverpool-street, Whittaker missed his friendly porter with the bag of meat, and did not see him again until next morning, Sunday the 27tb, when he brought the bag down saying, "There ia your meat." Whittaker, on opening the bag, discovered it to be filled with rubbish, and threatened to give Winter into custody, when that worthy exclaimed " Oh, some one has played a trick upon me. Come up to the Royal Oak Hotel, in Watchorn- street, and you will get your meat." Tbey accordingly journeyed thither, and had dinner, during which Whittaker drank a glass of ale, and remembered no more until he found himself lying on a bed with his purse, containing £12, missing, the pocket in which it was deposited haviug been cut out. No trace of either meat or money ha« been found, but Winter received a sentence of six months' imprison- ment yesterday at the City Police Court for steal- ing the former. The Royal Oak Hotel seems to bo a favourite place for law-breakers to abide in, as will be seen by reference to our report of the pro. ceedings of yesterday's court. Hospital Casks.-The man Joseph Cooper, who was found in an iusenaible condition in the yard of James' Hotel at North Bridgewater op gaturday night last, died iu the Hospital yesterday afternoon at five o'clock. He remained in the same condition as whsu found uutil his death. Au inquest will be held on the remains. A man named James Stewart fell downstairs at his lodging in Morriaoq-street on Monday morning between the hours of one and two o'clock, whilst in a state n( intoxication, and frac, tured his lower jaw. He went to the Hospital yesterday and had the injury attended to. A lad named Edward Dobson, whilst working on Monday last at a thresting machine belonging to Mr. Robin- son of Jérusalem, sot one of bis feet caught in 'the cogs of a wheel and had three toe»«overly crushed. He was brought to town yesterday and had his foot dressed st the Hospital A man named Edward Oillighan, who had been arrested by Sergent Dorsett for being of unsound miad, »as received into (be Inquest Adjourned.-The City Coroner, Mr. Tarleton, and a jury of seven assembled at the Royal Exchange Hotel yesterday afternoon to hold an inquest upon the body of the old woman Caraline Bolwin who was found dead in her bed on Monday morning last. After the body had been viewed by the jury it was decided to postpone the inquest for a week in order to allow the police time to make inquiries as to an alleged fall down a staircase, which is said to have occurred to the deceased. Memorial Church Sunday Schools. -On Sunday .next sermons will be preached in the Memorial Church, by the Rev. R. McLaren Webster, in the morning, and by the Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, in the evening. During the afternoon, the Rev. W. C Robinson will address the children of the Sunday schools, ia the Memorial Hall. On Monday evening, a tea and public meeting will be held. Mr. Saudford Scott will preside, and several ministers and friends will address those present. Tea will be served at 6-30 p.m. Haste to the Rescue Lodge, I.O.G.T.-The usual quarterly tea-meeting of the Haste to the Rescue Lodge, I.O.G.T., was held in the Alliance Rooms last evening. The room was tastefully decorated, and about 200 persons sat down to a tea, provided by the ladies connected with the lodge. The chair was occupied by Bro. H. J. Cox, W.C.T. Addresses were given by the chairman, Revs. C. Anthony and J. W. Simmons, Captain Fisher, and Messrs. Lodge and P. Facey, senr. Some instrumental and vocal music was also rendered by several ladies and gentlemen. Masonic.-A meeting of the Tasmanian Union Lodge (536 E.C.), will be held at 7 30 this evening, at the Freemasons' Hall, Murray-street. Visiting brethren are invited. Manchester Unity Hall Company.-A general meeting of members of the Order favourable to the formation of a hall company, will be held in the Hobart Town District Chambers at 7.30 this evening. Lower Sorell Road District. -Apublio meeting of landholders, convened by requisition, will be held at Ward's, Albert Inn, at 4 p.m. on Saturday, the 25th itiBt., for the purpose of considering the advisability of electiug a new trust, and other important business. Agricultural Society of New South Wales. It is notified that the intercolonial exhibition of 1876 will be opened on the 25th of April. Live stock entries will close on the 21st of April ; non agricultural entries on the 15th. "A Strange Visitor."-About noon on Satur- day, just before the desks of the fraternity of Stone Buildings began to siam and the keys turn for the week, there was heard a thundering, accom- panied by a peculiar kind of suorting, in the passage of the offices of Messrs. Gravea and Crisp. All tongues were still, all eyes stared, and every one held his breath, as if afraid of something un- earthly. "What's that?" exclaimed one of the firm ; " The Devil ! " replied another ; while a clerk, who had peeped carefully around the archi- trave of his office door, exclaimed, "Oh! Moses in the bullrushes ! " And sure enough, there was a fine fat brindle and white cow, with a pretty black calf by her side, in full possession of the premises. There she stood, moaning to and licking her calf, while every now and then she stamped her foot, glared with her eyes, and looked death at the terrified neophytes who stood on the first landing, whither they had ascended out of the way. " Put her out, Bul ; that's a good fellow ! " cried a whistle-like voice from above to Bill, who had locked himself up in his room below. "How?" " Moliter manu» impmuit, of course ; you ought to know." "Blowed if I do!" replied the other " not that way." " Well, vi el armis, if she won't go." " Come and do it yourself ! " And bo it went ou, till " bang " Polly's heel rattled through tho bannisters as she shook her head and stared at an Insurance officer or two, the Father of the Bar, and a Building Society attaché, all of whom happened to be amongst the multifarious crowd that had by this time gathered around the office entrance. " Put her through ! " was a stentorian command from within. "How?" "Why, oue of your boys drop from the window on to the wall outside, then into the yard, open the back passage door, and then run like a redshank." " All right !" And in a few moments up went the latch and out scampered cow and calf, with tails aloft, aud into Webbs passage in the rear. Making towards Murray-street, she made a call into the small yard of Mr. Peter Smith, of the Victoria Tavern. Peter | stared for the tenth of a second, with the watering, eau in bia band ; then shying that article with some effect, but not sufficient to turn back his visitor, he took to his heels at such a rate as he had not attained since he was a boy, and obtained refuge iu his bar parlour, where he pantingly gazed at the enemy through the window. Presently Polly, having taken breath, gathered her calf by her side, aud peacefully wandered her way down Murray-street. The fact is, the poor animal had been over driven by some boys from somewhere on the Huon Road, and being sorely distressed, she innocently sought rest and protection in the quarter above indicated. Vice-regal.-We (Chronicle) are indebted to Mr. Edwards, of the Vine Grove Hotel, Scottsdale, for the following particulars of the tour of His Excellency and party through the north-eastern districts. The residents of Scottsdale being de- sirous of paying proper respect to His Excellency, and expecting he would arrive at the River Brid on Wednesday, mustered in force on horseback, and the cavalcade proceeded to the Brid to receive him there. They waited patiently until 8 o'clock in the evening, when they reluctantly returned to their homes, some of them having ten miles to ride baok. On Thursday his Excelleucy, accompanied by Captain Stourtou, arrived at the Vine Grove Hotel. The Minister of Lands did not reach there until Friday morniug ; Mb horse having thrown a shoe, he had to remain behind to have it re-shod. After breakfast the Governor visited the school, and obtained a holiday for the children. He then pro- ceeded with the Hon. Mr. Moore, Minister of Lands and Works, Captain Stourton, and Mr. Frith of the Public Works Department, to Bridport, from whence they returned to Mr. Edwards' hotel in the evening. On Saturday they proceeded to Ringarooma, Mr. Edwards accompanying the party and officiating as guide. They halted at Mr. James Scott's country residence, Legerwood, and took lunch there. After lunch they proceeded to Pearce and Co's tin mining claim at Ruby Flat, and in- spected the process of sluicing. The men presented the Governor with some fine specimens of tin ore, and his Excellency gave them a sovereign to drink his health. The partvy then returned to Legerwood, and passed on to Mr. George Fry's residence, Sunny- side, where they remained that night and yesterday (Sunday). They intend to proceed this morning to the Belmont and Atlas Tin Mining Companies' claims at Ringarooma, from whence they will pass on to Thomas's Plains, and stop there tonight. From there they will go out to George's Bay and after visiting the tin mines, they will proceed to Fingal, and thence to the main road, coming out at Willis's Comers, [The information contained in the last sentence is a mistake. The party intend proceeding from Avoca to the East Coast.-Ed. M.] Fire at Cressy.- A fine stack of wheat, says the Chronicle, supposed to contain about one thousand bushels of grain, the property of Mr. William Bird, was consumed by fire on Friday night. The fire was first seen by Constable Stubbs about 20 minutes past 9 o'clock, and he immediately hastened to the spot, accompanied by some neighbours, giving the alarm to Mr. Bird and family, who had retired for the night, anticipating the arrival of Mr. Jen- nings threshing machine pn the following day. The helping hands were busily engaged until 4: o'clock in the morning in preventing the flames from ignit ing other portions of property, and were successful in preventing much further injury. There is every reasonto believe that the fire was the act of an in cendiary, but an enquiry having to be made, and the municipal police being on the alert, we forbear at present from giving further particulars. We are glad to add that Mr. Bird was a prudent man, having taken the precaution to insure his grain. Death or Lincolnshikk Hero. -The Chronicle of Monday reports that Mr. G. B. Stronach, of Breadalbane, sustained a very heavy loss on the morning of 23rd ult., through the sudden death of his fine sire horse Lincolnshire Hero. On the morning in question the horse appeared perfectly well, aud, although very late in the season, he hod been at tho stud that morning. In the afternoon ho was .noticed to be unwell, and every remedy . that could bo thought of was used, but without avail, for be gradually sank, and died early next day. On au examination being made, it was found that a stoppage had taken place inside. The animal will, as a cart siro, be a loss to the colony generally, and a very haavy monetary one to Mr. Stronach, who was offered a long price for the horse for exportation two days before he died. The Victorian Cricketers.-Referring to the recent match with New South Wales, the Mel- bourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator (Victoria) writes :-" We thought Victoria knew something of cricket, and at one time our players did ; but it would now appear, from our numerous recent defeats, that we have to begin to learn the game over agaiu. A Tasmanian friend of mine asserts that eleven Tasmanian girls would beat our Sydney eleven, and invites a challenge." 1 Something New About Leicester Sheep.-An astonishing discovery, made by Mr. Justice Ward, of New Zealand, is recorded iu the Wellington j Evening Pout. The learned gentleman has ascer- tained that crime is attributable, in a great measure, I to the consumption of Leicester sheep, and he sets forth this theory ii) tbß following words :-" As a machine for the production qf wool and tallow I believe the Leicester sheep to be unrivalled ; but the creature (s utterly unfit for human food. The human stomach was not intended te be turned into a tallow vat, except in the Polar regions. I attribute a large proportion of tho crime in the colony to that ahpiniuable animal, the Leicester sheep. In its beat form it is simply an animated mass of tallow. Its consumption leads inevitably to dyspepsia, and dyspepsia to drink. Drink takes a man direct to the assizes, and the assises luad him to lower depths still." The Pout suggests that "if eating Leicester sheep leads men to drink, and to oommlt assaults, burglary, forgery, and murder-because that in truth is all implied in the assertion of Mr, Justice Ward-then an aot of Parliament should be passed forthwith, "providing that Leicester sheep should' henceforth be disposed of solely for being boiled down." An Ancient Tasmanian.-A correspondent of the Ballarat Courier writes :-" Amongst the residents of Gong Gong there is a man whoso name ia Mr. Thomas Bullock. I believe he is the oldest resident in Victoria. His age is sixty-one years. He is strong and healthy, and he landed in Victoria in the year 1835. He carne across from Tasmania with Mr. John Batman, as carpenter, and helped him to build the first house in Mel- bourne. The name of the ship he came across in was Vancehart. He has been employed, until lately, for some time with Messrs. Young and M'Guigan, the well-known contractors. I have known bim for some considerable time. Perhaps this little bit of newB might be interesting to your numerous subscribers." Gas From Sewage.-The following appears in " A lady'slctterfrom London " in the Australasian : -" Yesterday was a great day for science, in one of its humble but useful applications. The extrac- tion of sunbeams from cucumbers, which was one of Dean Swift's happy thoughts when ho set himself to that grim laughter of his at the learned follies of his age, Beems, at first sight, not much more impos- sible and ridiculous, than the production of gas from sewage ; aud when Mr. Bray, from Lanca- shire first announced that he had discovered a means of producing gas of 20-candle power from a combination of nine-tenths of ordinary liquid sew- age with one-teuth of the commonest and coarsest oil, the announcement waa coldly regarded. Hitherto no success has attended the many attempts to produce gas for illuminating purposes from material cheaper than coal. The experiment has, however, been made in London, and is favourably reported upon by the morning papers of to-day. The light procured by Mr. Bray's process is quite satisfactory, and it is confidently asserted that gas can be supplied, made from sewage, at lesB than Is. per 1,000ft., inclusive of labour and material, as compared with 1b. 10J., the cost of coal gas. Oue cannot help thinking it is a pity Lord Palmerston did not live to wituess this triumph of his favourite theory." I Hops.-The Gardener's Chronicle says:-"The history of the introduction of the hop into general use, as given in our public records, is by no means devoid of interest. It is stated that in the fourth year of King Henry VI. (1425-1426) an information ; was laid against a person for putting into beer ' an unwholesome weed called an hopp ; ' and that in the same reign Parliament was petitioned agaiust 'that wicked weed called hops.' In the reign of Henry VIII. their use seems to have been fully j established, although the brewer of the Royal household was prohibited from using it in his ale. < In the Statute book for 1552 the cultivation of hops is distinctly sanctioned ; and in 1574 Reynolde . Scotpublished ablack-letter treatise, with woodcuts, . expressly on the cultivation of hops, which is called 'A Perfite Plat Forme of a Hoppe Garden.' , In 1603 English-grown hops were extensively I used, as appears from an Act of James I., and, ? although their use was petitioned against, and nominally condemned in the same reign, this pro- hibition was but little attended to. Another article which " the famous City of London " also petitioned against would be now-a-days regarded as being even more indispensable than hops. Blith, in " The ; English'Improver Improved" (published in 1653), Bays, " It is not many years since the famous City i of London petitioned the Parliament of England against two nuisances, and these were Newcastle cosIb, in regard of their stench, etc., and hops, in regard tbey would spoil the taste of drink, and endanger the people." But from this time forward the general use of hops was thoroughly established. An Act passed in the reign of Queen Aune inflicts a penalty of £20 upon all brewers who shall use any other bitter than hops in their malt liquors, and a similar enactment under George III. imposes a fine of £5 per cwt. upon those who shall adulterate hops by giving them Bceut or colour by drugs, while the cutting of hop-bines growing in a plantation is made felony "without benefit of clergy." Although the chief use of the hop is that connected with our national beverage, it has bee» put to other purposes of some little importance. Cloth of considerable strength is rnado from the fibrous stems of the plant in Sweden, and the Society of Arts in 1791 awarded a premium to a Berkshire farmer who had succeeded in a similar manufacture. The attention of paper-makers has also been tlirected to this as to most other fibrous plants. The young Blioots are sometimes cooked and eaton like asparagus, and are said to be very i good ; in Gerard's days these "buds or firet sprouts" were used in salads, although that authur regarded them as " more toothsome than nourishing." j A Venerable Claimant, or an I.mposter? A singular case has come beforo the Dublin Vice Chancellor. It was au application on the part of a person uanied Catherine Caffrey, claiming to be next of kin of Aldermau Carty, of Drogheda, who died intestate, leaving property to the amount of £200,000. The Vice- Chaucellor, after considerable litigation, mado a decree that five persons who were cousins of the deceased were entitled to the ' property. It was sworn in the course of tlio pro- ceeding that if Catherine Caffrey, the maternal aunt of the deceased, were living, ahe would be entitled as next of kio, but that she died in 1S20._ The per- son for whom the application is made claims to be the identical Catherine Caffrey, aud has filed a bill to get back the assets which were paid to the par- ties in the suit. . Counsel who appeared for one of the persons interested remarked that if she was the real Catherine Caffrey she must be over a century and a quarter old, as she was said to be seventy years old at the time of her reported death. Her case is that she went to New Zealand in 1818, and lately teturned to Ireland. The motion was allowed to stand over until December 13, the parties who obtained the decree undertaking not to withdraw tho funds in the meantime. A Heavenly Study.-The Qla&tjow; Herald says :-"The young man who had always manifested an interest in the beavens above him paid his quarter and was told to pick out any star he pleased and feast his eyes on it. He glued his optic to the small end of the tube, and after shoving the machine about for some seconds, suddenly became wrapped in the study of something which appeared to give him the highest satisfaction. For several minutes ho stood as immovable as a statue. ' Guess he's goin' to grow there,' growled aman waiting for a chance. ' Perhaps he never saw a telescope before,' said somebody else. 'Young mau,' remarked the owner of the tube, ' if yoi) propose to monopolise the instruiront, you must pay more.' Tho only answer made by the fellow was to put his hand in- to his pocket, and without taking his eye away from tho opening, hand the mau ten cents. For fifteen minutes tlie student of astronomy kept up a rap- tured and uninterrupted gaze upon the heavens, and paid his regular assessment every time he was called on. The owner of the telescope was taking in a rich harvest. Suddenly there was a longdrawn sigh, and, rising from bis stooping position, the young mau stood np. ' Master, that « a good telescope, and I am satisfied with the show.' Then he walked on, aud the next mau who went to look at a heavenly body didn't see it, from the simple fact that tho house ou Telegraph Hill, which had been in the focus of that telescope for the past fifteen minutes, waa no longer illuminated, and the girl whose chain-1 bor had been peered into so steadily had goue to bed." An- Eccentric Ghost.-The London Globe Bays that ghosts have recently become much more varied in their manifestations than in the old times, when they always appeared in the same garb, and went through the same sut of dreary performances. Mr. Crookes, it is well known, has made quite a frieud of Katie Klug, who reveals herself to him and a company of admiring spiritualists with the most ebarmiug freedom, not oven f]ying from thp glare of the electric light. He also grasps mysterious bands, which fade away in his grip sometimes leaving How- ers in his possesion. lu America a ghost has taken to displaying its presence in ways even more impressive than those with which Mr. Crookes has made us familiar. Every reader oí Alice in Wonder- land" must remember the cat which astonishes the little lady by vanishing into space, its grin alone remaining. According to the jVeie York Times tho ghost which is now Tilling American spiritualists with delightful horror has taken a hint from this peculiar animal. It appears before " circles " as a pair of eyes resembling balls of fire. These eyes " float through the air of a croweded room, and i produce such a sensation among tho spectators as no ' previous ghost has ever produced." There is evi- dence that the eyes are not solitary phenomena, but belong to a body, for " the ghost is in the habit of dropping into a lady's bed-chamber at untimely hours, and fif carrying away the bed-clothes, and occasionally also the unfortunate occupapt of thp bed." Of course no one knows why tho strange being should manifest itself by its eyes alono. Th« fact is curious, but all religions have their mysteries and this particular mystery is left unexplained by the spiritualists. 