It jis remarkable that whenever Mr. Parkes makes a tour into tho country to 'blow his own '..trumpet/'.- , ho is alwnys' accompanied - by a i reporter, whose reports fill; many columns in the | Sydney - Morning Herald. ,We have read the \- speeches that appeared1 in the Herald oil Thurs day last, and it requires the utmost stretch of. I charity to forgive Mr. Parkes for the valuable time we lost, in doing so.' Tlie stale old plati-'; ? tudes about schools and education were hashed up at 'Mummmdi usque ad nauseam, and liis stereotyped abuse of tlio Government was con tinued at West Maitland. The speeches were doubtless delivered with all his usual pathos ; and pretended sincerity. Who could doubt Mr. . Parkes' sincerity7 when he said to the people of West Maitland, — ' Whatever people may think, I do not care the toss up of a penny about i. i office, so far as it can aft'ect me, . 1 . My, tastes, rn3r personal desires, my associations in ' life, would never lead me to the- Legislative ' Assembly. I much prefer my home.' And again when he said, ' I would rather be' shot ? than be concerned in holding office in this, country on the terms and under the penalties i ?which are borne at the present moment.' Of j course the credulous Maitland people believed in Mr. Parkes' sincerity to become a political martyr by being shot rather than take office at ? £2000 a year, with the Ministerial privileges of picking the ejfes out of tlie country, and as a member of tjie Executive Council advising the Governor to grant the pick of the. Crown Lands to him and his colleagues. (All Grants of Crown Lands are invariably made, as stated in the Grants Act, by. the advice of the Execu tive Council,) 1 Mr, ^arkes must have taken j „ ' loavo of his sonseis when/ in speaking of the ; disgraceful scene that took place in tho Legis lative Assembly, on Mr. Fitzpatrick's want of ' confidence motion, he said, ' To his judgment, ? that, scene was one of tho most creditable ex hibitions of the present session.' But the most startling portion of Mr. Parkes' speech is that j . wliero. he. is reported to have. said (with respect ' to Estimate fora railway from Sydney to Wollon- ! gong), ' The only case in my Parliamentary life wlicii any overture was made to mo at all ap proaching to corruption was made to inducts mo to support this line.' ? Every member of the community, and especially every Member of Pari i man t, is interested in knowing who made this ' overture' to Mr. Parkes ' approaching to corruption.'^ We suggest that a Select Com mitt.ee of tlie Legislative Assembly should be at once appointed to investigate this chargc. We scarcely need to say that we do not believe one word of it, and that on investigation we fool certain it. will be found to' bo as unsubstan tial as his notorious Kiama Ghost. Mr. Parkes said, ' The time cannot be far oft' when a final appeal must be made to the electors.' He, evidently intended the people of West Maitland-to think that he was anxious 'to make this ' final appeal to the electors,' but is it not a fact that only two or three months since Mr. Paiikes actually voted for a repeal of the Trien nial Parliaments Bill, in order that' lie might re tain his scat in the Assembly for live years, or au additional two years. The fact is, lie dreads to appear again before the Sydney electors, whose best interests he. has sacrificcd by his unscrupu lous opposition to the Illawarra Hail way. But i this tortuitous policy will do liim no good. The Jnmberoo coal-fields and the city of Parkesport, Jervis Bay, which were to make him a million aire, will all disappear ' like the baseless fabric ; of a' vision, and leave not a rack behind.' 