Melcctcd Poetry. THE 'CLOSING SCENE. The following is pronoimccd by the II?/- mintcr Jierirw to lie' unquestionably the finest American poem ever written : — Within the sober realm of leafless trees IUU 1UNM jUII IU1UUUI IUI. »ii , Like. sonic tnuued tenjrer, in hi hour of ease, iien all the field ore. looking brown and bare. . Tlie grey barns looking from their hazy hills, 0er (lie'dun waters widening into vale, Sent,dl)Tvntho airh grcctirtg to the mills, Onlh'o dull thunder of alternate flails. HV sights wcro mellowed and all. sounds sub-, ducdt- . . ' The hilts -.seemed fm-tber nud the streams rang low, - .x _ As in a dream the distant woodman hewed Ills miner log with nuuiy a muffled blow. ' The embattled ; forc.-t; crcwhile nrmed with Mii '< gold;! v«i j.-H Tlie Ismucr bright with. ever) martial hue, .I>pw>tp(xl liHo some Wd bcatcu host of old, ' 'Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. -» -j. .1 . , . Ore' sombre .Ivipgs tlie vulture tried his flight ; ,,/Ilio,itqveii;aree heanl liis sighing mates , complaint : ' " ' ' / And lfkb'astiir."sh»w dromiing' iu tho light. The village church vane M-cmcd to pale nml ; ;.»ifamL<||l -lf|l , , u: - '.Theiithicf 'cuelc'up iii the hill sldc'crew— ' 1 Crew thricc-ahd all was stiller than lie-. ' t;i>>''rforo; h t— Eileutr<tiU soma replying warden blew. . , ,"(,,Hiti aUeiL. horn. aiid then was Heard no ' ""morel-' ' Where erst the jay, within the elm's tall crest. Made garrulous trouble rouiidhcrunficdged young ; And when the oriole swung her swaying nest, ' ' By every light wind like a censer swung. 'When' rang the noisy martins in tliu eaves, ; ' The busy swallows circling ever near — Foreboding, ns the rustle mind believes, j An early harvest nud u plenteous year. Where every bird that waked the vernal feast 'bbook'-tlie sweet slumber from its wings at lnoru, - - To warn the retqicr of- the rosy East — And'now was suHlcss, empty, and forlorn. Alone,1 from oat the stubble, ni|>cri the quail. Anil' croaked 'the (erow turough nil the dreqry gloom ; ' ' jAloue'tbc iiuoaraiit 'drumming in the vale, '3Ia(jd eypo in the dUtuuee to the cottage V / There wq-s'iiti cuil,' no hlooin u|xmtliel>owors, v 'The 'spidoiv hioved their thin shrowds night by nighty. , The thistle-down.' the only ghost of flowers, Saifert'slmvly'by — jmssetl noiseless out of .""..'j ... Amid ull this, iii this most drcniy nir, And where, tlie woodbine sheds upon the jioreli' Its crimson leaves, as if tlie yenv sbxxl there, Firing lie floor -with its inverted torch; Ainid all tills, the centre of tlie scene, lite white-haired' matron, with monotonous , _ tread. , Plied tlic swift wliccl, nnd with her joyous Sat like fate nud. wateliedthe llyiug thread. Sh9 liud known sorrow. He had walked with 'lier; 1 Oft supped, hnd broke' with' her the nshcii crust, ( And in the'dead'; 'leaves she still heard the stir . ' Of his thick nuiutlc trailing in the dust. While vcl Her cheek was bright with Mimmcr bloom, Hereimiitry summoned and she gave her Ml? .. And tvice war Ixvwed to her liis sable phunc — . Degave the sword to Iinng iijam the wall. llcgavc' tlie , sword but not the luind that drew, , . And struekfor liberty the dying' blow ; Nov him who. to liis sire and country tiue, I Fell laid, the ranks of tho invading foe, Tung; biit'.'iVot luuil. tlie dreniiig wheel' -went on,' IJkc that low uiurmer of h hive at iukui ; g, I.oubut 9i«»| loud, the uiciiiory the gone Breathed. Hiipugli herjips a sad and treia- uloits' iouc. At just the thrcuii \\\ie> 'snapped, her haul was ' IwSved : ' ' Lifc'driipjicil the distaff through her linnili 'Anil loving ueighlwra nmmtlied her careful sliroud.(mn - While dcathnndwinter clorod (he autuum scene, ' ' ; T. B, HEAD, 