THE REV. T. F. BIRD'S LAST SERMONS f At the time of the death of the late Mr. Bird, it was mentioned that a series of sermons, the preparation and delivery of which formed the last act of his ministry, were to be published. They are now iSBued in the volame before us, and are preceded by a sympatheti cally written memorial sketch by the Rev. W. H. Fitchett. They are grouped under the title '* Christ," and are eleven in number, each discussing a special aspect of this central theme. They have no pretence to systematic method or exhaustive treatment, each sermon merely .forming the development, in fervent, eloquent language, of one particular class of considerations linked with the general sub ject The method in which the subject is treated may be shown by the titles of a few of the sermons, such as Sermon 1, "Current Opinions about Christ2. "The Early Days of Christ;" 3, "The Tempta tion 4, " Christ, the Friend," &c.; They all bear theimpreBS of Mr. Bird's devout feeling, his sincere faith, hiB warmth and richness of nature, his cultured intellect and afflaent command of language; and as for their liberality of view and breadth of sympathy, we can beet illustrate these qualities by quoting the following passage from the final sermon, " The Christ of To-day" " I should be erring against my convictions did I hint by any phrase or assumption that the Christ of to-day is a monopoly of the churches. It is true they have sometimes forged chains that have fettered the hands of human charity, but they cannot bind Hjp free spirit They have mannfaoKJi-stl/ '0>o often, a stereotyped verfjpntrf His teachings, but His life know? 'ub trammel?, and weds itself ever^t»nere to the pood it has in pruscti. In vain we prescribe ecclesiastical "etiquette to the spirit of liberty; or think of caste and circle in the presence of a life that scorns convention, and cries, " Him that cometh to Me I will in no wise cast out.'. . . " Has He changed; and does He sit now only in cushioned pews, hearing the sighs of sentiment and weariness, listening for the faint tinkle of the temple gifts; gratified by the incense of music, by the ripple of speech, by the still pomp of formal prayer, and count ing free-thinkers accursed, and spiritualists demented, and science as the foe of faith ? Does He lurk in the orthodox phrase, in the clerical tone, in the historic form, in the sacred perfect creed which of course contains no " ' Vacant chaff, well-meant for grain?' Does He never visit the sceptic, and make his honest doubts the path to faith ? Does He pass by the man of science, who has leagued himself with law, and is labouring bard to puzzle out the secret of life? Does He reject the economist, who is toiling to harmonise social inequalities by finding and swaying the complicated motives of man? Does He turn His back upon the creedless philanthropist who is hammering asunder the chains of a slave—upon the churchless radical who is muttering fiercely against throned injustice, and social tyranny, and legal wrong—upon the misanthrope who has ' dashed his angry heart against the desola tions of the world,' and fallen back stunned into the pit of despair? Does He shun the shame-faced drunkard, and hurry past the fallen," and avoid the dens of vice, lest the censor-world should suspect Him, and the tongue and the pen of scandal blacken His name ? Does He turn from these to find a congenial home among those who pray to God, nursing envy, malice, and all unchari- tableness within—who make outward har monies of praise, with which the heart makes discord—who eat the Supper of the Lord, and yet fail to serve Him—whose mis sion is to divorce religion from practical morals and nobility of character, and whose highest delight is to dote about questions and strifes of words where of cometh envy, and "' To cleave a creed in sects and cries?' " If these be the methods by which the Christ-Spirit is manifest in these, one of two things is clear, either that many representa tions of Christianity are not representations of Christ, or that Christ has changed, and is not now what once He was-gentle to the *Ilte Histochemistry and Pathogeny of Tubercle, by W. Thomson, F.B.O.8., Edio. Melbourne: fltUl well and Kolebt. 1876. t Chriat: a Seritg of Sermons by" tbe lata Ber. 7homu Fa'rtoot Biro. Oforte Bobertioo, Melbourne, ejdney, and Adelaide. 1876 ' erring, patient to the doubter, tender »nth every distress; fierce only with tae uifle. Yet my text names him 'JeBua Christ, the same yesterday, and to- day, and for ever ! The alternative is painful; but, after all, it is better that man should fail than that the one stay of hnman spirit should break, ana Jesus cease to be the Friend of Sinners. .' The truth is that the Christ of today makes His home wherever there is a will to do God's will. Wherever pure sympathy and true charity are the leaden of the heart; wherever freedom, curbed by principle and enlightened by love, gives the law to life; wherever speech is true, and action loyal; wherever trust in man or God lifts a life op into unselfishness and power; wherever the will wars with evil, and conscience holds the standard of right; wherever love bears a cross, and sacrifice trampling self beneath it wears a crown,-there is the Christ-Spirit breathed into men to whom Jesus has s&id;, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost;' the Christ Spirit, poured out in flames of inspiration at Pentecost, and ever-dwelling in all who say to law, God's delegate; to duty, God's voice; to love, God's angel; to Christ, Gods Son-' Not as I will, but as Thou wilt I " To all who are desirous of either forming a closer acquaintance with or preserving an appropriate memorial of the able and gentle thinker and pastor whom the church lost too early, the present volume will be a desirable acquisition. 