THE RAINFALL. The following are the quantities of rain recorded at the plaoes mentioned for the 24 hours ending on Thursday, December 21, at 9 a.m.:— Tennant's Creek 0'060 I Wallaroo ... 0*050 Barrow's Creek. 0*235 | THEATRE BORAL^-The Fakir is certainly not fairly treated by the amusement-loving public. His clever entertainment really deserves to be better patronised than it has been of late; and although those who do attend are thoroughly satisfied by the programme presented, still their heartily manifested approbation—pleasant as it may be—is but poor compensation for the beggarly array of empty boxes. On Wednesday evening the business was gone through by all the performers in a manner which left nothing to be desired. The Fakir's various mysteries were as cleanly and cleverly carried out as usuaL Madame Silvester's charming vocalization in the recitative and song, " Scenes that are brightest," and " Oh, how delightful," was, as it ever is, a musical treat; whilst Mrs. Empson deservedly brought down the house for her arch manner and correct rendering of the sparkling "Caller Herrin." The ghosts walked with wonderful fidelity to life in the Christmas drametta—came like the shadows they were and so departed, to the evident mystification of the audience. Visitors to town during the holidays cannot do better than pay the Doctor a visit, with the certainty that they will be thoroughly amused, and as thoroughly deceived by his illusionary effects. There is another strong point in favour of this entertainment, which is that during the hot weather the play of the beautiful fairy fountain, which is put in motion for half an hour before the performance begins, so cools the theatre that it is quite a pleasure to sit therein at one's ease. THE £ CHOOSER POSTBOY.—At daylight^ on Wednesday rooming, December 20, the Receiver of Wrecks proceeded in tho steamtcy Sophia as ne:'-r as could be judged ta the spot where the suslren vessel lies. The Fairy was cruising about in th3 same locality too, and keeping wateli; but although a rco?fc diligent look-out was kept 110 sign of lbs craft co-Id ba discovered, and it was almost determined to relinquish the search for a time. However, at extreme low tide one of the Echooner's mastheads was descriod just poppiug above the surface of the water. A kedge was then dropped from the stesmer in expectation of being able to lift the craft, but she proved too heavy. The Fairy was therefore left in charge of tbc spot, and the Sophia steamed back to the Port, where Captain Bagg chartered a couple of ketches. They will be towed down this moaning, when it is hoped, should the water be smooth enough, the venture will prove successful. • F AT HOME' T AND " .ABROAD."—"It is doubtless desirable," observes the Pali Mall Gazette, " that we should sprpad the healing influence of the softer human feelings over the wide3t possible area, and tho present ' tidal wave'_ of the enthusiasm of humanity that is surging throughout England will, we all must hope, bear blessings to distant lands and strange populations. At tho name time some little domestic inconvenience may be the temporary result of this philanthropic crusade. The high minded British elector, be he workman or shopkeeper, has no great store of kindliness and mercifulness tither for home or foreign consumption, and when he has used up his stock at an anti-Turkish demonstration it is out of all reason to suppose that he should be kindly and merciful in his Own household. The other day, according to a provincial journal, John Cawdron, a publican, after seconding, at a meetiDg held at Norwich, a resolution expressing horror at the atrocities committed by the Turks in Bulgaria, went home and knocked bis wite about, with a clock-weight till she was coTcr- ri vritL: 1 :roi=es from head to foot. He v. JS ic ntcuced lo six months' imprisonment by tie M.igutratoE." 