FUNERAL SERMONS. CLAYTON CHURCH, KENSINGTON. The announcement that the Rev. F. W. Cox would on Sunday evening preach a funeral sermon in this church—which was once presided over by the deceased—caused a very large congregation to assemble, every seat in the building being occupied. The rev. gentleman preached, from the words (Romans xiv. and part of 8th verse), " Whether we live therefore or die we are the Lord's." He spoke of the twofold term " living" and " dead as intended to intensify the thought of thedivine lordship, that Christians: must be so completely Christ's through both worlds as to leave no room for any other lordship, whether of man over man, or of church over church. He next dwelt in eloquent terms upon. the real harmony subsisting between life and death—two apparently irreconcilable extremes, perfectly harmonized by the life and death of _ Christ. After speaking at length on this point• the preacher referred more especially to the death of Mr. Harcus, and said—Aid now, brethren, the call of death has come to us once more. One who has been so near to you, as a Church and congregation, and who has stood so often in this place and spoken the word of eternal life, has now passed from amongst us. Yesterday we stood at his open grave, committing those lifeless remains to their kindred dost; but he who had stood here and spoken holy words to you, who has led your devotions heavenward, who has stood at your bedsides in sickness, who has knelt with you in prayer so often, has passed away. Ah, my brethren^ many of you can remember the instances in which the consolations of the Gospel have been brought home to your hearts by Mm— by those wise and guiding counsels impressed upenyour minds by that voice so lately audible among us, but now silent for ever. 'His voice shall be heard no more. Oh! I would say to those who have heard his voice so often in this place—Remember the words of one who had the rule over you, and who spoke unto you the words of eternal life. Recall those utterances as if it were a voice from the grave which spoke to you. Some of you have lost one so near to you by the tenderest tie that can bind hearts together. Some of you in his place have lost a wise and a loving father, who has often led you to a throne of grace. At the family altar he has taught you to bow the knee and lift up your hearts to your Father in heaven; he has often striven to guide you with wise and loving counsels, and to train your youth in the path in winch you should go— in the ways of wisdom and righteousness and truth. And he has now gone; never more in this life shall you listen to his words. But your Heavenly Father still lives. Jesus the 8aviour still is listening to your voice, and He is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever—the same in | His mighty power, the same in his loving care j for you, now that you have lost your guide and i protector and friend, as well as your father. Oh, i make the Lord your care for life and for death, j And society, too, has loBt a prominent member { and a valued citizen—one whose post in his special department of labour will not be easily filled. I say this without hesitation, remembering as I do the varied capacity and the ready facility that he possessed for that work to which he was called. With respect to myself, I may say I have lost an old friend, known by me long before the arrival of either of us in this land ; but a friend with whom my intercourse has been interrupted of late yeais from the fact that our courses in professional life have not run together have not run in the same line as they once did. And we have both in our respective walks been too busy to see much of each other, as we had done in days that were gone by. As to the cause for that divergence bear with me just for one word. I did not ajjree with my brother that our paths should so diverge, and I faithfully told him of my disagreement. But at the sam? time not a particle of .my respect or esteem for him was then lost; for 1, brethren, have no idea of what is called in ecclesiastical circles " the indelibility of orders." I have not the slightest idea of such a thing; and I have known many retain the position of ministers to whom I should have said, " It would be a happy release for yourself and the Church if you coald find seme other way of getting an honest living; both you and society would be the better for the change." Nor do I for one moment think that a man may not as usefully and acceptably serve his Lord and Master in secular life as in the ministry of the Gospel, if satisfied in his own conscience upon the point or if forced by circumstances to take such a step. I admit also this—that the profession into which my brother was led is among the very highest and the very noblest which a man can follow—when the profession and the carrying out of the duty in connection with it are governed by high principle—that high principle, by which I mean the continual recognition of Christ's lordship over the editorial pen as well as the tongue of the preacher — to guide that pen into the upholding of whatsoever things &T6; true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, are pure, lawful^ and of good report—in all those matters which oome within the scope of current journalism. And if that calling had its special perils so have all callings, and I suppose each one in his own calling knows its perils better than those who are outside. Every calling, whether sacred or secular, has its special perils, and every heart that is subject to them feels them most intensely. But if there be those special perils then I say there is the more need that men of the strongest moral fibre should be found to fill in secular life the posts of special danger. I believe that post was filled by our deceased brother with honour to himself and with advantage to the whole community. I rejoice in the fact that in this land there has been no separation between the exercise of the Christian ministry and the secular Press around us ; that we stand in what I might call an enviable position among the oolonies of Australasia in this respect; that there has been perfect harmony between the secular Press and the highest forms of Christian life and activity around us; and I have no doubt that our brother has contributed bis full share of powerful influenoe to maintain that beautiful harmony that we now see existing, and which I pray God may never in the subsequent history of this land be broken. But his voice is now silent; his pen is still. We yesterday committed his remains to kindred dust, to rest there in silence until the thunders of the Judgment shall awaken the sleeping nations, and the dead shall arise to immortality. The preacher concluded with an appropriate reference to the uncertainty of life, the folly of men " who think all men mortal but themselves," and the true happiness and future reward of those who live a faithful and useful Christian life. STOW CHUBCH. At the morning service the Rev. W. Roby Fletcher, M.A., made special reference to the sad events of the week. He chose as his text the words—"Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death and hath brought life and immortality to light through the Gosper—2 Timothy, i. 10. In the course of an earnest and impressive discourse Mr. Fletcher said he little thought when he committed himself to a course of Sunday evening sermons on the nature and destiny of the human soul that events would give such practical meaning _ to his words. Rebson and intellect might yield to a strange fascination for the themes that hung around the mystery of death, and might indulge in speculation, or in reverenoe might learn the great lesson that we could only go a very little way on the mystic pathway that led to the unknown yet brilliant future; but when real sorrow came over us, or actual events caused us to confront the terrible fact of life's unoertainty, then reason gave way to emotion, and the logic of the heart was felt to be more keen and more comforting than the cold logic of intellect. Like the psalmist they were compelled to say, "I was dumb, I opened not my mouth because the Lord did it." Since last they met in that sanctuary they had been called to commit to the grave the earthly remains of one of the oldest members of that church, and the widow of one of its founders— the late Mr. Wm. Giles. In a ripe age she passed away, having fulfilled her course on earth, but so suddenly that none of her friends knew that her hcur was so hear. That day, too, in the city of Melbourne, the church under the pastoral care of the late Rev. A. M. Henderson was called to do the duty of commemorating his departure. Though belonging to another colony, he had his place in the history of Stow Church, for when their reverence for the name of the late Mr. Stow had caused them to erect that sanctuary to his memory, they asked him to come over from Victoria on the occasion of the opening services. He went away from his field of labour in poor health, in the hopes that a rest from toil and the pleasing incitements of travel might restore him to vigour,but it was notto be. The telegraph had borne acroas the world the news that, tar away from home and friends, in Toronto, in Canada, he passed to the other world. How he died or who was with him was not yet known, for only the bare hard fact had come to our knowledge. ' But this colony had been called upon to pass through what they must call a public bereavement in the sudden and unexpected death of one of the leaders of its common life. No man was better known in Adelaide than him whom they must that day call " the late" Mr. Harcus, and no man's departure from us could cause a gap more keenly felt or more difficult to fill. Though not favoured with a long acquaintance with him, yet what he did know of him led him to deem him a personal friend, and what he had seen and heard of his work had induced him to esteem him highly for the work's sake. In our day, and especially in a young land like this, no man could over-estimate the importance of the Press in moulding opinion, in checking false sentiment, in nnTniytripg social shams, and in guiding the commonwealth of the nation. Mr. Harcus felt the truth of this, and obeying his cause, devoted himself to this modern mode of uttering the convictions that stirred within him. He did his duty wisely and well. He preached with his pen against all that he deemed hostile to the political and social progress of the colony. He feared no foe in the discharge of his duty, and in the high consciousness of what he deemed right, felt, as he personally knew, the burden of his calling as a sacred thing. He was not there to defend or to call in question the course which he pursued in politics, but he did wish to utter his protest against the idea that because a man was called of God to the ministry of the Gospel that therefore he was to cease to feel, to speak; and to act in the grand drama of the nation s work. Because a man was a minister was he any less a man and a citizen? He did not argue for a race of political clergymen, for unless under peculiar circumstances, one called of God to the holy duties of the pastorate, felt that that work was enough for any man's heart and brain and energy; but he did think that in all questions of public morality, in all political struggles in which the ethical purity of the national cause was involved, that the preaoher of the GoBpel had no right to be silent. Because he was a student of the Bible, because he was a man of prayer, because he was fired with a holy ardour of Christian patriotism, he was called to exercise as wide an influenoe as he could command. Like the prophets of olden times, he must take up the burdens that be to hand and bear them bravely. The most fervent piety was the parent of the purest patriotism, as all history would prove. It was the love of God that inspired the political orations of Isaiah and Jeremiah, and it was the same love in the days of his boyhood that banded together 700 ministers to work a repeal of the iniquitous corn laws of England. But it was rather the fact that he who was so- recently among them, bearing the heat and burden of the day, Lad been suddenly called away, that impressed them all, than any other thought that enchained them that day. He was gone, and that was enough gone to his Maker, his Saviour, his Friend, and biB Judge. In the grave at Clayton they left his ashes; and of his spirit they said "God accept him, Christ receive him." Death was a solemn thing, but the Bible enabled them to see light amid the darkness. Were they weeping over the dead? Was sorrow in their hearts as they thought of son, or daughter, or husband, or wife, or parent, as goae from them, Ir-aving a vacant seat at their tab'e, a vacant place in their memory ? lie found no fault with their tears and their tor row, for Jesu wept; but with the book of Christ in his haud he would say, as Jesus did t" the widow of Naic, "Weep not." Death was but the gateway ti life. Blefcsed, not. lost, were the dead which die in the Lord. Were they alatmed as the idea enme over them that they too must die, and at the dresd of sudden death ? He did not wonder at it, for there were times when one felt like a soldier under fire who saw his comrades on either hand falling victims to the iron hail of the musketry. Were they tempted to drown the ugly thought in oblivioD, in business, in pleasure, or in stoical submission ? Was that wise ? Was it not better to see in the mystery a joy in the thought that thtir intelligence and being were not bound by the grave, but extended beyond. Would they not be happier and feel stronger against the world, the flesh, and the devil if they were certain of that? He invited them in the midst of the fear that naturally hung around the community just now to give their whole hearts unto the blessed Christ. If any had backslidden He would take them to His arms again. If they had never loved Him they should seek Him without delay, for Christ was the only one who could give them any light npon the great mystery of eternity. CEALMEES CHUBCH, NOBTH-TERBACE. The Rev. Professor Davidson, on commencing a very able discourse upon the 15th chapter of the 1st Epistle of &t.; Paul to the Corinthians, at the evening service of the above place of worship, briefly alluded to the death of Mr. Harcus. He said he had discovered that he had been expected to make special referenoe to a subject lying very near to the hearts of many of his congregation. He had not intended to make any speoial allution to the sad event, and would not have done so but for the fact of a very strange coincidence—a coincidence well worth remembering. On that day, ten weeks back, the pulpit in which he then stood was occupied by him whose death they now mourned. At the morning service Mr. Harcus selected for his text the two opening verses of the chapter upon which he (Professor Davidson) was about to deliver a discourse, and at the evening service he selected for his text the 14th verse of the 14th chapter of Job. It was from no lack of affection or esteem that he had considered it advisable _ to maintain silence upon the sad event of the past week, for of all men occupying pulpits in Adelaide no man was under a greater obligation to Mr. Harcus than he (Professor Davidson). He had always found their deceased friend uniformly kind, courteous, and obliging, and he had special cause to remember the greeting which he had accorded to him when he first came to Adelaide. On his first landing in Adelaide he had heard Mr. Harcus preach, and his text, as he remembered well, was, " I have planted, Apollos watered, but God gave the increase." Mr. Barcus had occupied a position surrounded by difficulties and requiring infinite tact; but he was always found faithful and just in the discharge of his obligations. The character of his life, so far as he (Professor Davidson) had been permitted to observe it, was such as _ had drawn forth the cordial admi- ration of those who knew hi™ best. It was strange indeed that just ten weeks ago Mr. Harcus should have preached in that pulpit upon the verses which they had heard read that evening—" Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the Gospel which I preached unto you, whioh also ye have reoelved, and wherein ye 6tand; by whioh also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preaohed unto you, unless ye have believed in vain." The evening text on the Sunday to which he had alluded was still more suggestive, and was taken from a chapter full of pathos—" If a man die, shall he live again ? All the days of my appointed time will I wait tOl my change oome." And now the change had come, and doubtless by this time the preacher was fully informed of all the difficulties whioh belonged to the strange mystery which formed the subject-matter of the chapter before them. PRESBYTERIAN CHUBCH, FLEHDEBS-STBEEE. The Rev. J. Lyall delivered a most impressive discourse on Sunday morning,' taking his text from the Epistle to the Romans xiv. 17—" For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Hely. Ghost." The rev. gentleman urged that the various dogmas and doctrines were subordinate to the true spirit of religion. In his concluding remarks lie alluded to the lamentable bereavement which not only the community but the newspaperftress of the colony had lately sustained in the demise of the late Mr. Harcus. He stud:— "Let us remember that the time is short, and that our opportunities for glorifying God in this: world are being rapidly abridged. How impressively this consideration has been set before us of late in the_ sudden removal of several of our pro-: minent citizens. -Yesterday some of us assisted' in showing the last tokens of respect to one held in high estimation, and who wielded a powerful influence in this community, who has in the course of a few short days been laid prostrate by a fell disease. This is not the place to speak of his cliaracter or the value of his work; yet this I will say, that for the highly creditable way in which the newspaper Press of the province is conducted, and the respectful manner in which: it treats of moral and religious questions, this community is greatly indebted to him and his compeers in that department of literature. It is something for which we cannot be too thankful to have a newspaper Press ever ready to expose abuses and defend the right." ST. PGTEB'S COLLEGE CHUBCH. On Sunday morning Canon Farr, at the close of his sermon, referred to the loss the community had sustained in the death of Mr. Harcus, and said it had been a great pleasure to him and to his congregation to see Mr. Harcus at their ' church and at the communion-table with them. He looked upon his presence there aa an indication that the lines that separated different bodies of Christians were drawing nearer together, and that there was hope in time that they would be bridged over. He considered the work of a writer for the Press was one of special difficulty because it was anonymous, yet still every one knew or guessed in such a small community as this who was the author of articles. Mr. Harcus was ever foremost in denouncing corruption and in assisting to promote everything that was good, and even in his last hours there was still the one prevailing thought in his mind, viz., how to do good, and how to best serve the interests of suffering humanity, when God called him to his rest. PIBIE-STBEET CHUBCH. At the morning service the Rev. S. Knight alluded to the death of Mr. Harcus in the following terms:—" During the past week the city has been bereaved of one who was long known among its citizens as a leader of public opinion. On Friday week he looked in his usual health, though somewnat sombre. On Sunday we heard Mr. Harcus Is ill; Monday, Mr. Harcus is worse; Tuesday and Wednesday, sinking; and on Thursday, Mr. Harcus is dead—dead in the midst of his days, with every natural gift matured for public usefulness, speaking through an organ increasing every day in circulation and influence. Ever friendly to the religious Interests of the colony, he had obtained a status which gave boldness to all his utterances, and we hoped to see him step forth from his chamber strengthened in the ugher aim which oomes of sanctified suffering; but he is taken away, and Christianity In South Australia has lost a friend—one who never penned a line inimical to its interests, who nobly helped to give to the Press of this colony its unexceptionable tone, who never dealt in inuendo (more dangerous than fiat denial), and never sought to violate the sanctities of moral law by breaking down reverence for the Sabbath day. The Press of South Australia owes much to such men, and the community owes much to such a Press. Whatever signs of political animus we may find in our journals,_we cannot complain of denominational prejudice or injustice to what is godly and pure. Temperance, morality, religion, and order find equal championship, and if not as positive on all subjects as some would like, they are not adverse and unfriendly. To such men as the late Mr. Harcus we owe it that the newspapers of South Australia are free from that vicious inteference with conscientious scruples that characterises some organs ef our neighbours. Some of us may deplore the fact that gifted ministers forsake the most sacred and unworldly of callings for any secular pursuits, but we have known communities afflicted with such a partisan Press, so insidious and baneful as to jubtifv tbe separation of the ablest pastors from their "boly tffie t« tave the Lational convictions from being indfrmined by scepticism and irreverence for vtbat is godly and religious. Let ua freely own our debs to Mr. Harcus; and while we may not indulge in panegyric of his talents or his social qualities; where the cause of religion and (.morality receives service, let the Christian societies freely acknowledge the debt, »nd pay willing tribute to those who work for God and humanity in any sphere. We have prayed for the comfort of those bereaved of their'tenderest earthly friend. Let us commend them to the loving-kindness of God, and the kindly offices of sympathising friends, who will stand in the place of God as far as earthly friendship can sol&ce; them. In the evening the Rev. EL T. Burgess said— " One event which has transpired during the past week I cannot dismiss with a mere passing allusion. I refer to the loss which the city has sustained in the death of Mr. W. Harcus. The position which Mr. Harcus occupied as editor of a daily paper rendered him a prominent and influential member of the community, and one whose loss will be deeply deplored. The importance of his position can scarcely be overrated, for public characted is swayed for good or evil to a large extent by the current literature which prevails in its midst. It is not only modified by the kdired and formal utterances of those who guide public opinion, but by the general tone which is adopted. It is matter for thankfulness that the conduct of the secular press of this city has been for many years in the hands of those who have employed it in the interests of religion and morality. In this respect it compares most favourably bcth with some of the other colonies and with many other parts of the world. No one can tell how much of Sabbath desecration, open immorality, and avowed disregard of saored things has been prevented by the attitude of the leading newspapers towards these subjects. Atheistio literature and immoral newspapers in other countries have vitiated the moral atmosphere and poisoned their social life. Perhaps as a people we have not much to boast of, but we have no doubt been spared much humiliation. I gladly embrace the opportunity of expressing my conviction that the cause or religion owes much, not only to the absence of any hostile Bpirit on the part of the daily journals, but to the fact that the principles of truth and righteousness, purity and virtue, usually receive from them powerful support. Among those who have endeavoured to imbue spciety with a healthy moral tone, the late Mr. Harcus occupied an honoured and honourable position. Of Ms general character I need say but little. It will be sketched elsewhere by other and abler hands, but I may say that those who knew him most intimately were those who valued him most highly. His strict adherence to what he believed to be the truth, his fearlessness in exposing abuses, his unblemished integrity, and his boldness in advocating what he deemed to be right, are traits which wD] long be remembered.". METHODIST HEW CONNEXION CHUBCH. At this place of worship the Rev. M. J. Birks said:—" I shall ask the members of the congregation to ddpart for a few moments from the usual form of service. Before delivering the sejmon prepared for this evening, I would call your attention to the great loss sussained by this city in tbe death of Mr. W. Harcus, J.P. We are constantly reminded of the ravages of death, and those filling positions of high responsibility and trust are called away as well as those walking in humbler spheres of life. Unfortunately for me, having only been in the oolonyfor a short period, it was not my pleasure to be intimately acquainted with Mr. Harcus. In fact, I never spoke to him, but the mere seeing of him impressed me favourably, I do not know that the death of a comparative stranger ever produced sueh an effect upon my mind. Ever since his death my thoughts have frequently turned to the loss tiiis city has been called to sustain, and I think it only fitting that we should pay a tribute of respect to one so highly esteemed, and justly esteemed. We think of the departed one as a man of moral worth as well as of intellectual ability. The Christian Church has loat one of its pulpit ornaments, aa the Press has lost one of its trusted and trustworthy Editors. His manly bearing, and his beaming, open, cheerful countenance will be sadly missed from our ranks. May God raise up many worthy successors! God buries His workmen, but carries on His work. The veil of inscrutable mystery often falls before UBJ still we are confident that He doeth all things well. In these : matters we cannot fathom the depth of the Divine proceedings, so that we must wait until a future state enlarges our vision and dispels jur ignorance. The work of the departed one on earth was finished, and he has gone to reap his reward and to perfect his being in heaven." 