SHADOWS ON THN'sNOWt A CHRISTMAS STORY. "r t. viwmy. " -rsoR of Euide-o'-Ghass, Gi\tp, Joshua rvel, Tire Duchess op Rosemarv La.se, An Island Pearl, Ac. '—How the Shadow. Appeared ".GLEVCOKBE, AND WlUT TlIEV 'XD Dll). , 'i Harrild had left his guests for to their own devices, and had "> ' to his xtudy, where ho «,-,t '/ ercn.--.ly oat of tho window. Old fljonc- vu;o passing through his mind, s.jiiu; mm la look older than ho svas, .ac 'ires, tilled with vain strivings and :ental struggles, are prolific of wrinkles ; 'hers, free from those wild storms which s too frequently self-created, scarcely ie a furrow on the face. Too often, alas! a the pages of a lifo blotted with tears ; ,d Memory, as she scans the record, lives vet again, with bitter brevity, tho shedding >f each tear. Around Reuben Harrild overed the ghosts of past joys and griefs— vei«hsdowed all by one pale speotro whose ADgiblc presence raised frowns upon his jo and shame and sadness within his satt. Nor was his gloom dispelled by the pesranco of the child whose pure spirit ned the light of happiness upon s lifo and home. He drew her to his jjnes, and with licr head pillowed npon his shoulder ther sat for a brief snaco in silent communion. "Did you come to seek me, Laura ? " he <d. "Yer, father." "I shall Ioso you soon, dear child. Doctor ix asked mo to-night what I should do thoufc you. 1 do uot know ; I shall bo .it a lost man. But I must not repine, It it tho way of life, to love and lose !" " You will- not lose me, father. Our home will be yours,- aud we can live to gether always if you wish. Do not cpoak so sadly. If we love and lose, memory re- — mains. of "Remains to stab us," ho replied, with a shiver ; "to bring thamo and sorrow to us, to the last day of our lives," She was too well acquainted with his mood to coutinuo the theme, and aim strove to lead h:m to gentler thoughts, with eo much love and .tenderness asr to partially succeed. Pressing hie lips to her cheek, ho said fondly, "'You are like, your mother, child. She never failed to win ms back to cheerful- 'ness." " It is good to bear that. Rather, I do so wish I could ho brave, and sneak to you what is in my mind." "You may say what you please, dear child, on every subject " "On' evory subject?" she interfupted, with sudden earnestness. Some meaning iu her tone, unexpressed in her words, put him on his guard, and bo auswercd, gravely, "On every subject but one, which you araawsro must never be mentioned between us. You know me, Laura ; you know how deeply I lovo you. No father could bettor lovo a (laughter ; aud I havo striven most earnestly to do my duty to you. There, fare, dear child, you must continue to eboy me in this, as you have done in all other things, and bo to me what you have evor Veen — a child I can love without shBmo or reproach." As he spoke she saw outside the shadow o£ the man upon tho snow, and drawing hor fitbor hastily away from the window she stood between him and the night. Suppos ing that by this action she wished him to rejoin his guests, ho passed his. arm around bar, aud led b»r out of the utudy ; eaying as they walked slowly along the pnessgc, "I havebeou thinking of what I know is in your mind. But I would rather risk my lifo than my honor. A stub at the one may be cured ; at the other, never. Dear to my heart as you arc, Laura, if you committed an act which reflected dishonor upon our name, I could iievar, nover forgive you. Nay, dear child," he said, kissing tho palo face which was raised plead. .Dgly to his, "do Iuot'know bow irnpos- jiiblo it ia for you to do a wrong ! I only wish to provo to you how irrevocable is my resolution. Evory man has a skeleton in bis house, and I must not grumble at mino. I would like to lock it in an iron safe, and throw the key into the sea " " What, what !" cried Doctor Ban, who, coming iuto the passage with tho household cat upon his shoulder, hoard the last words of the uncompleted seutonce. " What do you want to throw into the sea?" "Thek6yof the Eafo in which I would like to lock iny skeleton," replied Reuben llarribl with a smile. "Trying to get away from your skeleton ! " exclaimed Doctor Bar, tickling the ears of the cat. "Pooh ! Enbbiah ! as if you or any raau could OBqape it ! No, no, my friend, it will stiok to you while you can draw breath, and as likely as not, it will follow you into tho other world. Just now you havo a house fall of old invisible bones. I warrant you every man's skeleton has stopped out of its cuplioard to accompany it3 owner to your Christmas party, an J that there are a score of thou jostling up against us, if we could only see them. For curiosity, now," he said, motioning Laura aud hor father to tho half-opened door of tho room where some of the elderly people were playing cards, and qicst of tho young ones playing forfeits and making love, "look at Stephen Winkworth there, easing by himself— what a skeleton he has got ! A perpetual day and night- mare! It never leaves him. It perches upon his shoulder, like the bird of ili-omea we read of : Leave my lonelioer-5 unbroken ! Quit tbe bust above toy door ' Take Ihy bek from out my be»r:. And thy form from off my door Qu?th tbo rTeu» Kevcnuow '' And Stephen's daughter, poor child ! has not tho a skeleton ? Heaven help her ! hers is the saddest of all, for it stands at tbo portal of a giirl'H brightest hopes; shutting out the 'light; "took" at h'ttte Mr! ' Itamagb— Airs. I; ainage is 'his skeleton— and is not she an awful one, hanging round a man's neck ? Aud you, my dear," he said to Laura, "you litve yoiir akeletou ; and I have miuo— hero : hero !'' and be smote his breast theatrically, and upset tho cat. " Your akeletou, Doctor Bax, " said Laura ; "why what kind of a ouo can that be "A tearing, staring, horrible, malicious wicked skeleton cried the doctor, so loudly that the eyes of every person in tho ioom were turned upon him. " A fearful, hideous, monstrous, hobgoblin kind of skele tal. I will tell you wbalit is— in confidence, si that nobody shall bear !— (he raised his voce to its highest pitch)— " I love you, anl you are going to marry another ! If t, be not true, may this kiss I am going to jve yon under the mistletoe be my last"' Eu . Laura darted away, cud the little doctor, pursuing her, turned all tho card- 1 ablos t'yay-tiuvy, and set the whole room l\ r.n upi nr. K biiti. ws ' u.iiry i.'hris.iua-" unity, .i :.pito lb-' i , Ict'ju and litfte Doctor -1! v i-» tJ>« >ir'« Soul of it ! Had au nc.-ouia been kept, it wo.f.l hiva been proved that he kissed every female (a the house at lewd half a dozen times over, 'do was, indeed, a pri vileged Don Juan. Ev-n Mrs. Eamago sub mitted to tho saints-, and as for Miss Wymer, she stepped nndei the misletoe like a willing lamb, ' and eniaeL-d her lips afttr tho operation. There wore two or three cos; little rooms on the lower floor of the house, u which tho ; unsts found themselves almost L; chance if thoy happened to s'-roll out of tho larger apartment where tie 'chief merrynaking was carried on. Is one of these, anijetu later, were Stephen Winkworth and his daughter. "Take me home, father," said tho girL " I am weary of this ; I want to be at home," " I thought you wished to he here," he re- turned wistfully. "It is gayer than our dull house." "I know it is, — but how can I be merry, seeing what I see?" she exclaimed, fret fully. " I am like a baby crying for a toy which somebody else has got." "Child," whispered Stephen, bcudiog lev, 'if William Fairfield loved you, you would be happy." " Do uot speak of it, father," sobbed Alice. "It can never, never bo ! Love can- nut be bought." "But it can be won auil lost," hu mut tered, in a tone so low that his words did not reach her ears. " if it can bo proved to a man that the woman ho loves is false ! — " Jle stepped a few pacer,: from his daughter, aud closed the door to prevent interruption. "My girl's hjppi- ness may hang upon the discovery I 1 nve made to-night. Shall I let the opportunity slip from me? It was destiny that led me from the house an hour ago, to see— what ? To sec this immaculate, spotless woruau vho is engaged to marry William Fairfield in the anus of another man, and to hoar her miko an appointment with him at midnight. At midnight, by the Lord ! . when no third person is nigh to witness her disgrace !" A low scornful laugh floated on tho air, in.' heard by tho weeping girl. "This fair creature, so outwardly honest, this park! gou of modesty and virtue, is litis the rest of her shameless sex— falsi, t'nlse to the backbone ! O my ladies ! shank upon you ! Not for me, whoso lifo has beea blasted by your treachery, not . for me to spare you 1 I would whip your false bodies with whips made of your own delicate hair, —ay, every mother's daughter of you !" There , was a bitter, biting ring in the mau's muttered tones, inspired by memories which it was tortnre to recall. "But for my daughter," he continued, with a glance at the bowed, distorted form, " he ohould merry this paragon, aud discover her treachery when it was too late. It would boot a piece with tbo rest, and would add one to the many. But my child loves him ! 0 God ! grant her soino compensation for her life's torture— give her a recompense for her long misery !" Despite his unpitying mood, the prayer came from his heart. " Yon are suffering for my sake." said Alice, raising her head, - aud noting tho i signs of troublo in hor father face. " I will strive for the futuro to bear my pain alone. But i hoped this night was to be so happy " "it may be yet; child. I love you, 1 Jove you !" Aud he pressed her passionately to his breast. " I would lose my soul for you ! " "Hush, father!" sho cried, putting her uaon to 111s ups. "I would, as truly .as I live, to securo your happiness ! We will not go home yet ; we will wait another hour." As tbey entered the passage they saw Laura pass swiftly from tho bouse, with tears in her eyes, and William Fairfield looking after her with an oxpressiou of annoyance. Stephen was about to address him, but, checking himself for a moment, allowed Alice to enter the room where tho company was assembled. Then he said, " You don't seem over-well pleased, Wil- liain Fairfield, " " What business may that be of yours ? " returned William, in an ungracious tone. "Attend to your own matters, and leave me to mine." " Hard words these, lad, upon Christmas eve," said Stephen, with no show of anger ; ' ' but perhaps I was in the wrong. L '—u your pardon." ITumblenesBdid not sit well upon the man, but it was so unusual an exhibition in him that it stum: William into remorse. . "Is is I who should beg paraon, Ilr. Winkwortfi. There is my band. Do not refuse if." ' ' Not likely I should refuse your hand, my lad, though many another man's 1 might." Ho paid no heed to the look of surpriso with which William received this expression of goodwill. "Can you spare me a few minutes I havo that to say to you it may bo well for you to hear. No, not in tho house, with prying eyes about. What I havo to say to you is private. Come iuto the open sir." Ho led the way, aud iu silent wonder William followed him. The snow-fall had ceased, and had loft a thick, soft carpet upon tho earth. Tho moon was shining forth, and ' tho heavens were bright aud pure in tho light or the glorious prospect beneath them. As far as eye could reach every object was mantled in loveliest white. The tall trees stood like white sentinels of the night, erect snil watchful. The sloping roofs sloped v. hitely down to the eaves, and the chimney-pots reared their heads wliitoly to tho skies, the cowls upou them resombling tbo shrouded heads of wbito monks bending in prayer. The solemn jicacefuluess of the beautiful night impressed its loving lesson upon both ibe met., aud for a little whi' they w»» silent. William Fairfield was the first to speak. " Do' you wish to speak to me about my farm?" "No, lad. Of something of far greater importance to your welfare. Though, for the matter of that, I am ready at any moment to fulfil my share of the bargain. If you go to the lawyers' to-morrow, you will find the money ready for you. You have but to sign your name." " Mr. Wymer has told me so a dozen times ; but I have no intention now of sell ing my land. Yon must be a well-to-do man, Mr, Wink worth, to allow sixteen hun dred pounds to lie idle fur so long a time. I should not mind being in your shoes." " So far sb regards money ?" " Yes ; not in any other way particu. jerly." " I am better than well-to. do ; I am a rich man. If you, with your youth, and strength, and taleut, had my money, you conld hold up your head with tho best in the county. My daughter will inherit every penny I possess. Inherit ! It is hers now, while I live. She will bring a rich dower to the man who marries her." " I trust she will marry one worthy of her," said William, with ' a sharp look at Stephen. "My child will bring what is bettor than beauty tn him who wins her love. With riches, she will bring a faithful heart ; with riches, sho will bring a soul stainless as an angel's.'' There was no mistaking tho meaning Stephen intended to couvey, and William Fairfield paused long before be could com. maud himself sufficiently to speak with cool ness. " This is not tbo first time to-day that you havo uttered words to which I should not listen. What do you mean by them ?" " Fair and softly, my lad, It ib your in- tr.vcr.t f b ivo at heart." 'r-pe-ve plainly, then." 'I v.ili. Would, you— would any man v. itli '.i3 eyes opon — marry a woman who is playing a double gams — a shameless wench " By heaven — : — !" " Hold off your hands, and listen to me. 1 oould be your father, William Fairfield, for the years I bear. . Be stil', aud hear meout. From the depths of my own life I havo that to say which, if you are not utterly blind, will prove to you how false fair things may be. When I have done, yuu can judge for yourself." . Hie stern impretsiveuess made it3 mark. William Fairfield did not reply, but stood with bis back against a tree, clenchiog his bands, and beating his foot mpatiently agaiust its trunk. Thoy had wandered some little distance from the hone, and tbe notes of merriment from within fell hut faintly upon their ears. Othorwie, not a sound but that of their own voics broke tbe stillness of the night. "You know what I am," Staphs said ; "you know the estimation in whicllam held. If any man, woman or child 'nail Dovoushiro were asked who in all Dvon- shire was most disliked, most hated, lost shunned, the reply would be— Stepicn Wiukwortb. If auy dumb animal in Dov n- sliire desired to show its dislike to one p.r. sou more than all olhcis, it would is to Stepheu Wiukwortb. Children tun from him ; beggars avoid him ; not a human being has a smile of wel come for liiiu. Were ho to bo de prived of his wealth, and wcro he lying parched and starving by the roadside, no one out el love would, fur his sake, give him a cup of mill: — no oue out of compassion would offer him a bed of straw to lie upon. Wero Stephen. Winkworth to die to-morrow, no one bnt the undertaker would attend his funeraL and even he would bo glad when tho job was done. Not a tear but those shed by his daughter would fall upon his grave." The picture he had drawn was true. Ho spoke iu bis usual bitter tone, with a full consciousness that it would be futile to en deavor to avoid the penalty he had earned and invited. "Such is div fate." ho continued. "I do not complain. I have brought it upon my self, and I must bear it. But it was not always thus with me, William Fairfield." " It was always thus within my remem brance," said William, resentfully. " Y.ou speak the truth, lad. Yet I once had a happy home — I once had friends. Friends !" he echoed, fiercely, "lfad I my will, 1 would send the word to hell, to I burn .out its false meaning! It was one lof these friends— vultures— lies— call them what you will, who made mo what 1 am !" He took off his hat and bared h)3 bead jto the cold wind. In this man's heart was raging a tragic lire, tbo fury of which time was powerless to dim. The memory of an early wrong was burning within him as fiercely as when it was first perpetrated. For years had he been bugging it close, fanning it into a blaze which death alone could extinguish. " Years have passed over me, like tbB rest of men, and loft their marks upon my frame, But fresh within me, as in the hour it was done, burns the wrong which set mo against ny fellow-men for over and for over. When Iforget it, may a palsy strike me dead !" |Ue stooped and took up a handful of snow ritli which bo bathed his fevered head. No sn iu Nattiro sympathised with him. The wiive-v..i„„, mlij sJi 1 her pure light upon hp form ; the solt wtute snow cnvi.'fopeu'u,_ fet ; graceful devices in tree and hedge net his eyes whichovcr way ho turned. Ho siod alone, in antagonism with the symbols a luveuuess ami purity- uy wiiica ue was sirrouudcd. I " You, in tho heyday of youth— you, with the dream of life spread before you, woven in bright colors, as it once spread before me — you love. All men do, at some time iu thoir oarly youth. Each man, in his time, sees a woman whom he sets before him as an idol, aud falls down and worships, poor bliud fool ! as though sho wore heaven-born. Xhi3 wctuau to this man is a saint ; angelic vir tues dwell in her ; she is clothed iu a celes tial armor of innocence, truth aud simplicity. 1 u my youth came within this influence. I in my youth act up within my soul' a painted sham, a beautiful lie, and wor shipped it with all the strength of my man hood. 1 havo read books wkoreiii woman's love is described as a >li vino i.l«n .-I--.-...' ., a niche in woinnu'- hearf is said to sanctify a man's life, ind make him better and Utter for the lifo !o come. Woman's love I What wo man loves as a man too often loves ! Her "nature Is too pretty to comprehend the infi nite tenderness oi a man's devotion. Tho uian ees upon tho face of tho woman he loves a smile which Nature gave her, a smile of heaveuly sweetness which intensifies the adoration in his soul : and this trick of the features, which she practises in his abseuco a hundred timos a day, he be lieves to be a heart- welcomo . to him, aud f»r bim alone. Ij who before my marriage went courting as you have done to-night, would often meet her with such a smile upon hor beautiful face, and my heart would luugh within my breast as the sun shine of her eyes fell upon me. This smile, thought I, is tho outcomo of her luvu for tna aud, mo alone ; tho tenderness which 1 behold in it is the soul of love, and it is I who have given it birth. Thus I interpreted the magic silence of her grcotiug, and endowed it with spiritual life." Beneath the spell of this bitter rcmem- branco,' his voice grow softer. " Shi was all in all to me ; she was my life, my hope, myprizo in the world's lottery — the rthest, dearest pirize that evor fell to man's let. 1 was always a scheming, money- making (man ; but after I knew her I did not yearJ for wealth for myself — I yearned for it for hor. Every frosh success I gained was dourly good because sho wonld share it. I woild rub my hands gladly, aud thank God I succeeded, for her sake. 1 whispered her name for luck If I entered into a new specilation. With her imago in my heart, evejy step I mounted in tho ladder of life brougltme nearer to heaven. I took this pieco of play, this image of duct, and I foshionedit, and piainted it, and beautified it, I filld her face with innoceneo, her eye3 with Ive, her heart with faithfulness. My devotia gave music to her voice, sanc tity to her:oucb. And I loved her, 1 loved her as inanievor loved before !" There wa such a depth of tenderness in the man's voice and action that William Fairfield, frgettiug for a time his own uu- happiness, impulsively moved close to him, and wouldhave takeu his hand in pity ; but Stephu repulsed bim, aud con tinued i — i ! " We wes married. Thoro is a heaven upon earth or some men at oueporiodof life. Manyif us can remember a few weeks or months wicb shine out from the past as though theyielouged to another and a hap pier life. I lok back to the first months of my wedded life, and marvel at myself. It is not ofte) that 1 am stirred to emotion ; but when I tlnk of tho glory of liappiucss which was miie during that brief space, and look at my jome as it is now — shunned, dcBorted, col and joyless — I am lost in miserable wojrler. 1 had a smile for all men then— ay, evb for one whose name would blister ay tojgue were I to mention it— for one tbe Very thought of whom drives my blood frota itl natural channels, and inspires inc with \ mJtldening thirst for everlasting revenge If In his j ssion he raised his hand and struck the tree, s he would have struck his enorny had he st id before him. ' " He v :s my friend, and ho sat at my hearth lit my brother. He was my friond, and was o witness of my love aud happinoss. He was tip friend, and I landed him to my wife and nng his praises in hor ear in oar momenta t! confidence.' He was my friond, and he htrayed mo. Curse his suul, for ever and f - ever I " Again in struck tho tre?, aud waved his bloody hs d defiantly to tho, . beautiful clouds, " J will hint tliat man through all the wor d. Wjiktever may he the life we live when this is dono with — in whatever sphere or shape I inlet liim — he shall expiate tho | blight ho cast upon mo aud mine! I pray' that the po(vor may he given mo ! I havo prayed for i\ on my knees : ' But for that thirsting hope, I should not believe in im mortality." j The ' crimen blood dropping from his wounded hand upon the snow seemed to William Fairchild a fateful witness to the curso of the wronged man. Gazing upon it in fascination, a lurid light floated before his oyos, distortiug his outward and inward sense of sight. "My wife boro mo a child, a daughter, perfect in form and feature, beautiful as the d»y- This lovely and wondrou9 creature opened out to mo a now world of which I had hitherto no conception. Higher and bolter thought than that by which I had hitherto been animated began to 6tir within mc ; a spiritual sunrise duwncd upon my soul. 1 declare that I never returned homo aud saw my darliug in her mother's lap asleep, or drawing nourishment from hor bosom, without being impelled to blors God for his goodness. Even as her little fairy fingers would entwine themselves round one of mine, so did iny lovo for her cntwino and ;tow about the roots of my heart. You yould scarcely believe, William Fairfield, wire it not for my assurance, that tbs exquisite baby beauty — straight- bailed, bright. eyed, rosy-cheeked — and my datightor Alice are oue. But for mo she might have been tlio flower of Divonshirc. It is I, her father, who mado her what sho is, who havo deprived her of .ife's best seasons, and who, if love's light douot 8liino upou her, havo condemned her throigh all her days to a cold aud chccr. less winter. Let me recall tho fatal day which led to my act of madness. I had left IDV DOU fi AH n mnff nn #\f K,«Mt,iAan nt\d tn bo absent only twenty-four hours. It was the iirflt night 1 had passed out of my house since niy marriage, \VJiy did not my horse fall down with ii,c and hill me, instead of bring ing ihe safely back to tho homo I hml left, honored and hupy ? But what some men call fato, others chance, others deotiny, or dained that I should live and grapple with my misery. For vhen my journey wab over, nud I reached ny house, with my heart pulsing with tender anticipation, I found that my wife had ited—had lied with him I called my friend. ' 1 learned that 8ho whom I loved faithfully aud truly liad betrayed mo ; that he whom 1 trusted with tny whole soul had played the 'ludfi.9, No letter was written to guido mo \- to this couclusiou. Aly wife was gouc, aud that was enough ; my friend was gone, and that was enough. I had not boon in my house live miuutos before the truth Hashed upou me, as might n picture suddenly re vealed. For a moment 1 was dm:cd and stunned ; then came the despairing reality, rLhe past years spread out before me like a nap, aud every glance and word that had passed between us came to me with a now signification. Her Jovo hud been a simulation, :t cheat; hor heart had never been mine. Sho had been to me a living lie, and.all a, woman's artilico had boon had she succeeded. What would you have done, William Fairfield, had you been stricken with such a blow? What would yuu uuvtt iiuuu inui juu iuuuu your me a nap- piness thus suddenly burnt to ashes upon your household hearth ?" He did not wait for a reply, but went on : — "The thoughts and memories which citing about mo during those few moments would niaka an cpio. Amidst them all, one picture straggled to the foreground. I saw in my fancy the faoo of my wife lying upon the pillow in tho early morning— a face of child like, augoliu beauty— a face which, could an artist paint, and call it Innocence, would immortalise his narao through all ages. She had fallen aslcop iu my arms but a few hours before, with words of lovo npon her lips. I gazed upon her with a heart full of worship. I saw her face, attd it was heaven to me. But her inner lifo im hidden from mo ; sm-l - — lk wa3 AIa i— - _n iu, nuiied' deformity, faith, love, religion, belief in human goodness, fled from me affrighted. I was as one suddenly and unnaturally maddened. Iufuriated, 1 looked around and saw her child .lying in bar cot — her child ! She opened hor oyes and smiled upou me, and as in that inuocent smile I cauglrt tho reflek of her falso mother's beauty, 1 raised her iu my arms and dashed her to the ground ! " The memory of tho torriblo .act raised thick beads of perspiration upon Iris face ; and again, in a wild, reckless manner, ho scooptd up a handful of snow, and scattered it over his head. " I scarcely remember what followed ; I do not know whether I ate or drank or slopt ; I only know that I (led from the house with tho intention of pursuing them day and night. From that moment tny lifo was compassed by bnt one intense, ntaddoLiug desire— to over take and kill them, 1 was soon upon their track, and J flung mouey about like a mad man, bri, still with an instinctive method in my madness. I followed thom from place to plac., through England, out of England into foreign countries, aud liaolc again. Hearing that I was in pursuit, thoy schemed and bailled me. I was always ndny too )»'o; I reached every spot in which they, tarried in time to hear of their departure from it, but they could not for ever escape mo ; I knew it — 1 felt it — Fate v/a. on my side, and would- bring mo to ; them as suro sr. (here was a heaven ' above us. Every sign that made itaelf visible to me— iu human face, in clouds, in trees — bade me pursue and kill them, and I never faltered, never wavered in my resolve. Diet urea formed themselves for mo in tho luude — in tho plains as 1 dashed past them in train or carriage — in tho full sunlight as it gleamed on clear waters— in the night, with shadows and darkness around me — pictures which imaged falso wife and friend crouch ing before a desperate and dishonored man. Blood was in the air, in tho fields — it swam before my eyes, and made mo oblivious of all else." William Fairfield shuddered at the vehe mence of the man's speech, aud almost imagined ho saw flying through the air the dark shadows of the picture drawn by Stephen. " At length I came upon them. When I had lost' trace of thorn, and was standing in doubt as to which way to turn, their faces flashed upon me oue night at a railway sta- tiou. Despite all warning cries, I jumped with a triumphant laugh upon the step of a carriago as the train was moving away. I did not think of my own danger as I was whirled along — I only thought that they wero there, and that I must get to them, if I had to tight my way through a hundred deaths. The window through which I had caHght sight of their faces was far in front of me, and witli frantic impatience I worked my way along tbo side of tho train. How I escaped being dashed to pieces was a mystery which some persons wonld call a providence, but which I recog nised as the working out of a suro retribution. It was not long before I reached the window of the carriago ia which they sat, and, peering in, 1 saw them nestling side by side. Never could I forget the moment when in the glance came mutual recognition. I tore at the door liko a wild animal, but it was locked, and all my strength was powerless to open it. I ehonted — I raved — I was truly mad ; and all the white their white faces — they wero alone in the carriage — glared at me, con- vulscd with fear. Even at that dread time the beauty if i ay wife stabbed me, and I groaned 03 though a poisoned dagger had been thrust into my heart. It in- futiatad me the more, and I renewed my efforts to tear open the door— iu vain. TJ10 cngino was before me; aud almost on tho thought I fouud myself upou it, straggling with the cng ncor, who strove to prevent my mad purpo.-:c. I remember nothing mora. A sudden crish — an upheaving that heralded Ihe violent cidiug of theAVorld.-7-ihe II V'ng oi a myriad fitly particles in the.6irnaud t.hcn, oblivion. Nhea 1 fecoYCfgd my eeasts I heard that a terrible accident, inexplicable io all but me, had occurred, end that my wife aud her paramonr wore killed, with a' Bcore cf other persons. Upon earth I was nover to see their faces again." At this moment William, looking towards tho house, saw for tho third time the mys terious shadow on tho snow. In some unac countable way it inspired him with un reasonable resentment, and nothing but the ' strong interest he took in !£t. plion's story j would have deterred him from pursuing it. " When I arose from my bed of aiehness I was a changed man. 1 bad tasted the swsetness of lifo, and it had poisoned my blood. I clc.scd my door npon all my for mer frienda and associates ; I closed my heart upon ill humanity. The shadow of death was hanging over my house— for, O William Fairfield I when in my despair I had dashed uy baby beauty to the earth, I liad not killed her, but I hod maiuicd, de formed her beyond all mortal cure, and sho grew iuto what you sec her now. She does not know that it is I who inflicted this bitter grief upon her. Mercifully it i3 hidden from hor, as it has been hidden from all others until this night. It was supposed that she met with an accident for which no human baud was aocountablo ; bnt I, her father, made lmr what she is. J, her father, wrecked her young lifo upon the rock of my despair — and I, her father, hour after hour, day after day, bear within me tho seeds of a remorse so strong and agonising could I atone for tho blight I havo brought upon my child." Tbe night had grown very still ; 110 sound of merriment floated from tho house. The shadow had disappeared. As William noted this, there stole into his heart a suspicion which made bim shudder. " Do yon wonder now that I am morose, sullen, uncharitable ? Do you wonder now that X shnn my fellow-men— that 1 hate them all, scorn, distrust them all ? But not to 1 excuse myself have I spoken. Take warning that you are not betrayed as I was betrayed. It is tho soul, not the face of , a woman, that constitutes the bappincts of man. I f yon ask why I havo told you my story, I may in some part truly answer that it is to savo you from a fato similar to that which fell to my unhappy lot." "To savo me !" exclaimed William. "Ay," returned Stephen; "you love Lama Harrild's face as 1 loved the faeo of my wife, She is fair and beautiful— as was my wife. Learn from mc, that every fair woman is alike in this — that she so thirsts for admiration that the lovo uf ouo man will not suffice licr." . "Yon wrong them. «" " " murmured vvu"-"'- „ Relieve so, and dream your dream till it Tills woman that you adore plays love and devotion to you when youaro together ; gives you honeyed words xvhon you and she arc alono ; smiles upon yon, presses your band, yields to your embrace — sue uocs an una 1 warrant; ana yet to night " "To-night!" echoed William, looking around with a bewildered air. " This very night," said Stephen, in a tone hushed perhaps in compassion tor the misery depicted in tho young man's lace, "this very night 1 saw her clasped in another man's amis " " You lie ! " cried William, in an agouiscd voice, " Y011 lie ! As there is light iu Heaven I " " I speak tho truth. Ijy tny child's life, I swear it !", It was a solemn oath solemnly uttered, and it was accepted as direct testimony by tho younger man. He held up his hand me chanically in a pitiable appeal for silence, and Stephen obnv.-J — ouxuu lew" e. lei moments that ensued all the glory of tho night faded away in William Fairfield's sight. Tho moon lost its brightness, the clouds their beauty, tho white snow it3 purity. Stephen's whispered defilement had defiled the place and season. Yet a duty had to be performed — bis manhood had to ho vindicated. But first ho would make sure ; perhaps I10 bacl inistakeu the purport of Stephen's accusation. Kepcat, ho said, in a set dogged tone, "and briefly, what you liavo already said concerning Laura Harrild." "Two hours since, I saw her yonder," said Stephen, in measured tones, pointing to tho spot where William bad seen the shadow, " pressing a man to her heart with as fond affection as falso woman can show. You can best say whether that man was William Fairfield." It was true, then. He had not mistaken tho meaning of tho accusation. But two hours sinco ! What was ho doing at that time? With an efl'ort ho collected his thoughts. It was at that vory tfmo he had seen tho shadow of tho man on tho snow, and had called Laura's attenviqn to it — and sho had implored him not to go out, and had then loft him for fully half an hour. For what purpose? To meet her secret lover, to weep and smite over him, to yialff to his embrace. Had not Stophon soen them ? This man, whom all the world condemns i and looked upon with aversion, had proved his truest friend. Utterly blotted from his memory was the pledge he had given to tho woman of hie choice: — "Put me to a severer test, and seo me smiling at yon with perfect trustful ness, as I do now, loving you, believing in He looked vacantly into Stephen's face, " Have you anything more to tell me "Yon will not be pleased to hear it ; but you should know, for it may lead yon to evidence that cannot be shaken." "Say it, then," " I heard your fair woman make au ap pointment to meet her man an huur alter midnight, behind the honsc." William staggered against the tree. An appointment at midnight ! His love, whom he had believed to be us pure as she was beautiful I O shame ! shame ! What Stephen said was true. All fair and beauti ful women wero alike ; the love of one man cawot suffice ; thoy trick and lie to their lovers' faces, and laugh nt them behind their bajks. In what way did his manhood call upon him to act ? To go to Laura, and pro claim her shame in tho midst of her gay com- pmy, and then fling her from him for over ? Slould he in this way openly disgraee her ? Nt, he would watch first ; this night he wluld play the spy upon her, and satisfy hinself if Stephen's words were true. If ttey wore, and if at midnight this falso girl md her lovor secretly, why, then lut he could think no further. A dozen ines his thoughts carried him to this point,' anc thcro he stopped, dazed and confused. Hd glanced at Stephen Winkworth. Was it possible that he should ever grow like this mai — hated by and hating all ? Lovo had made the world beautiful to him: it love wen false, in what or whom could he be lieve? IJ love were false ! Was not the prooE Strang enough? Already, in his heart, love's pure spirit was defiled. " Gh," he groaned, clenching his Hands in agony : " 0 Lnura, Laura I How could yoU thus deceivo rio? " He had judged hsr. Weak as he was, he bad condemned her. The first whisper of uniaithfiilness — it mattered not from what lips— had been to bim a proof of her guilt. But ho wonld watch to-night. To this, amid much confused wandering, his mind was nctlle.1 ; and so resolved, ho moved mechanically towards tin house. " Don't grieve too much, inv lad," said Stephen, as ho walked by William's side ; " she is not worth it. it is hard to hear ; but it is better now than after." " Be silent !" exclaimed William, moodily. ' ' You have told me to-night that which may blast my life." Yes ; this mas had poisoned the well which had sweetened his existence. Th: man had made him donbt. Ho met Laura in the passago. Uneasy ah his long absence, she hpd been looking fdr him about tho house, but had never thought that he had been , out in the cold night for such a lougtli of time. ller faco lit up gladly as sho stepped towards him. Conld he not see that there only purity and inoo- ccncc dwelt? Could ho not look into her truthful eyes aud sco the reflex of her state less soul ? No. Doubt and jcnlousy had blinded hiin. Maddened by what he had heard, ho pushed rudely by her, aiul then, with sudden re morse, stoopad aud kissed her, despising himself the next moment for the impulsive tenderness. Sho drove back tho tears that had welled into her eyes, and, laying her head timidly upon bis shoulder, nestled fondly to bim. "I havo missed you over so long," sho said, sweetly, " aud poor Alice has been asking after you so noxiously, that she must havo been afraid you were lost." " Laura," he said, with a fierce passion in his voice, " do you lovo me ?" " You frighten uio, William," replied tho girl, shrinking timidly from him. Ho observed the action, and misconstrued it. " Answer mc," he said sternly ; " do not : shrink from 1110, or evade my question? You know I love you, do you not ?" " Yes, William." I J.VWJ i i.i 1 > 1 1 wuru uu UfJUKO IO ucr wounded him as though it wero a dagger's point. Ho was conscious of tho suffering ho was inflicting upon licr by hiB own pain in tlio infliction, hut he sebuis teeth close, and did not flinch. ; v-. " Yon know how perfectly I lovo you, Laura. You know the bold you liavo upon myheart. Youknowthat f'bad bettor bo dead than live in the belief that yon loved me, and discovcrtoo late that 1 had bccndcceivcd. You know this, do you not ? Answer me." "1 believe it," eho answered, with tremb ling lips. " And now answer me again," he said solemuly, " do you love me ?" "Yes, William," she replied, with ao ap pealing look. "Honestly, purely, without deceit?" " Indeed, indeed ! it is so ! O, William, what changd'has come over you ?" Did this ' content him ? No. Tho doubts that haunted Lira were phantoms that played about every word sho uttered, and boro it to bis sense with distorted meaning. What had Stephen told him ? In another man's arms but an hour agoue ! Shame ? Sliarao ! <juefc bitter ness, "it is tho usual way. iu .wiiioU >. i answer their lovers.11 " William, William ! " she cried, her aobs now breaking into a paroxysm- Ho was frenzied with love and jealousy, but be could not bo entirely indifferent to her emotion. That slio was raise ho bad proof m woras, out not yet m deed. Be would wait for this conlirojation, and then would decide how to act. In ungracious spirit he strove to sootho her, and, although she was almost heart-broken, her sweet, ioviug nature oouqueped, making excuses fur his sullen tuuud, aud after a time sho looked up through her tears and smiled. 