'THE ST'ORY-TiE.LLER. \- - - TRACKING A MURDERER. BY A LOEDON DETECTIVE. I have shown that danger of the dead litst kind often awaits the detective. in the ordinary execution of his duty. I have no wish to trumpet it forth or pile up any sham sentiment about it. I gave it as a stern fact, that is'all. Desperate criminals, when fairly hunted out, can turn, and fight, and even kill, in the race [for dear I life or literty. Very little lets out a life in this world of ours, and it's not very little that a detective has to face. For a :ample of the difficulties that sometimes beset us, take the following: One dark.wintry morning in November, I was sent for in hot haste, and the folloiv ing telegram placed in mS hand: "Woolaich Pier Police Station, 8 a.m. "A sailor found' killed on the railway line between S- Street arnd B - Square-the head completely severed frbm the body. I have had the body brought here. Please send down to inivestigate Reynolds, if you can spare. " JAMES DoaWORTIL" I stared and stared at the flimsy in my band, and read and re-read in vain. I knew the sender well-a quiet, unoffi cious man, who could think and see a great way before opening his mouth once-and 1 was utterly at a loss as to what he could see in such a simple occnrrence to demand any presence and assistance. The sailor had just been drunk, I thought, and had by some means wandered on the line, and the, got killed for his stupidity. I say so I thought, and I dar: say every one might have thought, had jot James Dunworth been Station-master at Woolwich. It would he a curious io -estigation-and one of no small magnitude -to try to discover how many "accidents" are in reality no accidents at all. However, there was something under it all. I had to go, and the sooner I was stirring the better. Such was my con clusion, although I had taken some time to get. at' it, just as the man sometimes dallies with a letter, when he could at once tear it open and see. .liMeanwhile Losan had dropped in, and as he had nothing better on hand, I took .im with me. As we got out of the oce. and were crossifig towards the Thames, to get the boat to Woolwich, a trifling incident occurred, which Inoted' and communicated o my companion. It was that we were being watched and followed by Jack E;lward, one of the most daring and des perate cracks-men that ever infested the metropolis. What could bring him out so early, and on such a cold morning, and then set him on our track, puzzled us both. Watching and following isgenerally'on ourK own side, not that'of the criminal Of course we did our best to keep him under the delusion that we had no. taken more' \- than a passing notice of him; and thus we progressed until the landing-place was reached, when we found our broken-nosed gentleman just behind us. as if resolved to go by the same boat. But no.. We got two for Woolwich, and then making some demurring inquiry about a boat which did iot start for some time, and then slhnk off without spedding a penny. •. A look and a wink was enough between tis 'Hle only wanted to know ivwhere we were going,' I. said with quick decision. ' He must have some interest in us. Let as reverse it.. You must follow him while Igo to Woolwich, and hear what Dunworth has to.say,' With a significant lowering of the left eyelid Logan was off. The boat took me next, and I soon reached my destination. ' Well, Jem, what's wrong now ?' I said, as I shook hands with the station-master. 'That's just what I want you to decide,' lie replied. 'UBut you'd better see the body first,' and'he led the way to where he was lying. Iexamine it attentively. 'ihe ear has Been cut clean offl by the wheels, but be yond a few scratches and cuts about the face, and a dark, round indentation on the top of the head, I could detect nothing uncommon about it. It is true the said indentation did catch my eye parricuilarly, and I favored it with a pretty long and curious stare, but beyond that I had no suspicion, and l opened my eyes a little, when Duuworth eagerly cried ' Well, what do you think of that ?' 'That'" so evidently meant the. strange indentation in the forehead, that I examined it again. 'Nothing particularly. 1 suplpose has been done by the wheels in passing.' 'I think not; have you ever seen a blow given by a'crack.man's neddy?' 'Ay, and felt it too, as you may well know.' ' Well, that's one.' This was a great deal for him to ven ture, and I stared'at the mark more in tently than ever, quite sure that more was coming. And I was right. 'Listen while I giveyou the facts,'.he 'continued. 'James Rice, the lecea4?d, left his ship with thirty-eight pounds and a silver watch in his posses.ion. When his body was discovered not a ghost of coin or a watch was to be found on him. But more I was at the railway station syself in the morning, and distinctly remember sothing this man for two causes. In the Arst place, I was watching a notorious cracksmani, who was loitering and hanging about near him; in the second place, when * the sailor took out a first-class ticket, the other I was watching immediately had his changed for one of the samne kind. The sailor after standing treat to about half a dozen at the bar, got ino the train at * last, and then Jack Elward slunkin after him.' 'iWho?' I cried with great start. 'Jack Elward. You know liim well, at least you have cause to know him.' 'I do-go on,' I cried, with sudden interest and feverish haste. From Mr. Dunworth I after elicited the' following facts-that they'were seen drinking together all the previous after soon, and that early that morning, long beford the ticket-office opened for the first train, the two men came in wanting tickets for London. On beiing told they were too saoon they wandered about the station, occasionally breaking out in an altercation between themselves, about something or onother, aid then they were lost sight of. 'J'he first train that passed after took off the sailor's head, and when his body was found the watch and money had both gone. Another thing I elicited-that the two men had been quarrelling,. about money, Jack Elward. no doubt, having designs on the parse of his companion. Everything Sthat turned up pointed strongly to Jack llward as the murderer of theunfortunate seaman. HIis' suspicious movements at an earlier hour came more forcibly than ever to my mind. Many would think that the evidence was conclusive enough. And I must con fess that in my own mind I thought the same. But there was something more to be done yet. The difficulty"would lie in proving it. 3utI could see now that our business was to hunt thenmurderer. Bidding the genial jtation-master good-day, [ made my way back to London-in fIhct to the office, hoping to hear something from Logan. Nr was I disappointed; on entering the following.scrap of paper awaited me. It ran thus: "B- Street, Drury Lane, 2 p.m. "I'm waiting-patiently waiting-for you here. The vagabond's gone in, and doesn't seem in a hurry to come out again. He has had his dinner, I smelt it, but that's .the only bit of it I tasted. If riu're not back yet, look alive about it, as I'm both cold and hungry. *. LOGAN." And here was where the wonder came in; a man sent down to inform him that I had not yet returned, could find no trace of him high or low. ' He wasgone, apparently spirited off the face of the earth-for neither at his home nor'any here else could they hear of Logan. Thinge were beginning to look queerish. My fist step was to send a description of Elward to the railway stations, with or ders to detain.him if--as I feared--he would' endeavor to steal a march on us. Then I changed my clothes and got down to Drury Lane, as the early darkness was stealing over the houses. I soon got into the narrow street where Jack Edward lived; and here I pushed my enquiries for Logan. 1 began with an old woman, a. green grocer, who kept her little shop opposite.; But she could give no information, only that she had seen Etward coming out of his house a short time before so thoroughly disguised that she haidly recognised him; and would not have done so but for his broken nose. ' How was he dressed ? I asked. - ' He had on asilk hat and a black suit, with false whiskers and a monstache; and carried a senall carpet bag and a silk umbrella.' 'An:d he went? 'Towards the Strand,' was the reply. Idid not'wait to hear any more. My friend Jack Elward was for a journey thenl Arriving in the Strand, I got some more information from a policeman,; who had seen that villaiibus personage pass as described. "Which way did he go P 'In the direction of Waterloo Station.' i ?as not long crossing the bridge or reaching the station. One of the guards, however, collered me- roughly as I was passing in, and then smiled at his mistake as.he recognised and let me go. I ran hastily over nearly the whole train, and at last stopped at a first-class carriage, in a corner of which a sickly looking gentleman.was reposing, his hat on the wire-cage overhead, his carpet-bag on a seat before him, and" his. head and shoulders completely enveloped in a comr fortable travelling plaid. 'Show your ticket,' I said sharply and gruffly. lie obeyed at once, holding the plaid up above his mouth with the other haid, as if sorely troubled with toothache. Isaw at once that he had no gloves on, showing an exceedingly dirty paw. If he had shewn the right hand I would have known him at once, for I knew that Elward's right hand was partly de formed. 'It won't do,' I cried; 'show -your face.' 'Toothache-excuse me.' le answered in muffled tones. shrinking a little. * Quick!' and my hand was on the plaid; 'quick! the train is beginning to move.' There was no time for delay now. With a wrench I had it off, and the false whis kers came with it. Jack Elivard and I stood face to face, glaring into each other's eyes. A curse from him, and a triumphant exclamation from me, and then I sprang backwardsto the door to shout for them to stop the train, Which was actually moving. But in the moment's pause he was not idle. The window of the opposite door was open, and, leaving hat, plaid, and carpet-bag to their fate, he bounded right through on to the ground. It.was a dangerous jump, and might have cost him his life, for.the guard had either not heard or misunderstood my cry, and the motion of the train was quicken ing; but the moment I saw him spring up unhurt, and dashacross the rails, nothing would save me, but I must be after him by the same aperture. But I was as successful as Edward. I camine down with an awful crash to the ground, which, for the moment,struck me senseless, When I recovered. Elward was nowhere to be seen, and, what was more, he had ample time to get away ; and it seemed to us that night heevidently pro fited by it, for, wherever we looked, we could get no tidingeof him. Logan didn't turn up till next morning, and, by that time, we, too, heard of Elward. An astounding piece of intelligence came to the office that the murderer had been acci dentally drowned while crossing the Thames in a boat near Woolwich. I could not believe it at first But it was true; for I afterwards identified the body with my own eyes, 