SEIZURE OF h. STEVENSON AND SONS' WAREHOUSE. 1 , • : A FORCIBLE DEFENCE. Melbourne was thrown into commotion on Safcufdiy b|L a ec6ne which occurred at the warehouse Cz Messrs. L. StcveuBon and Sons, in Fliudera-Iane. During last week the warehouse had been seized by the Customs authorities, on the suspicion that the fim had defrauded the revenue by passing false entries at the Customs. The Customs officers, numbering five in all, under the charge of Mr. Tide waiter Gordon, remained quietly in possession according to law until about ten minutes to 1 o'clock on Saturday last, when Mr. Stevenson came up to them, and told tham that he had received advice to the effect that they wore illegally on the premises, and he therefore requested them to leave. Mr. Gordon replied that he was in chaise by order of MB superior officer, Mr. Guthrie, and that without the authority of that gentleman he would not move from the building. Hereupon Mr. Stevenson, having previously placed his subordinates in possession, took him by the shoulders, and led him to Mr. Brind, the manager of the firm, who passed him on to another employee, who again finally ejected him from the premises. The same process was adopted towards the other four officers, and for the nonco the warehouse was out of the possession of the Customs authorities. The officers did not of course show fight, but made the usual legal resistance—that is to say, they pushed back and remonstrated, and allowed themselves to be thrust out through the door without using any personal violence. Mr. Gordon immediately proceeded to the Customhouse and informed Mr, Guthrie, the Collector of Customs, ol what had occurred, and that officer said he would come up at half-past 2 o'clock. In the meantime, about twenty wharf lumpers gathered about the front of the premises, for what purpose is not accurately known, but the general belief is that they were engaged by the firm to resist the Custom authorities, should they attempt to regain possession of the premises. Indeed, one <tf the men openly stated that he and his mate^ had been promised 10s, each to " come up,f and prevent the Customs officers getting inf the building. The news of " something up Stevenson's" quickly spread over the city, au& a crowd collected in Flinders-lane, which viewed the subsequent proceedings with grea^t interest, and the yells, and cheers, and groanfc given indiscriminately as each new incident occurred, startled the town from its propriety. So sensational an afternoon, indeed, has never been experienced in Melbourne before. I At the time appointed, viz., half-past fe o'clock, Mr. Tyler, the Assistant-Commissioner of Customs, and Mr. Guthrie, arrived at th/e scene, when they found all the doors of warehouse locked. Mr. Stevenson and several of his employes were standing at one of the windows. Mr. Guthrie demanded admifisioh in the name of the Queen, and being refused, sent for the police, having previously obtained from the Chief Justice a " writ of assistance/' which is a document empowering any and a! to assist tho authorities, and resistance t which is at a man's own peril. Shortly afterwards fourteen constables came upon the scend, and Mr. Guthrie formally demanded admittance from Mr. Stevenson. " What do yoji want to come in fori" queried Mr. Stevenson. " Never mind; I'll tell you when I come in,f' replied Mr. Guthrie. " Show me your authority," said Mr. Stevenson. Mr. Guthrij produced the writ. " Hand it up to me," saii Mr. Stevenson. " Not if I know it," replid Mr. Guthrie. " By virtue of this writ, I demand admission to your premises ; and if you do not let me in peaceably, I shall bfe compelled to use force, I hold the necessary power in my hands to break the door openl and I shall do so unless you admit me quietlyl' To this Mr. Stevenson made the rejoinder. " If you do so, you will do it at yout peril." After some further parley, Mri Stevenson asked Mr. Guthrie whether, hfe would give him a quarter of an hour to enable him to _ consult his solicitor. Mr. Guthrie replied in the affirmative, and a messenger was at once despatched to Blake and Riggall, fch legal advisers of the fiwn. After the lapse or about twenty minutes, Mr. Riggall made hit appearance, and was cheered by the crowd], and was admitted by a back door, which was strictly guarded. After a consultatioii Jiad taken place between Mr. Stevenson and Mr, Riggail, tli^-} two gentlemen came to th<i front, ?tfudow,vfmd just at that. time Mr! Inspector Ryall jnarched on the spot with a reinforcement of police, One of the twenty roughs who had assembled on the front step? of the warehouse immediately put himself in fighting attitude and tucked up his sleeves, upon which Inspector Ryall gave instructions to clear away the mob in front of the buildiug! The police acted immediately and tho roughs; moved away with an alacrity that caused a considerable amount of amusement to the crowd, which by this time numbered at least 2000 persons. In feet, tho whole traffic of the street was stopped by the crowd that had assembled. Inspector Ryall got himself lifted up by two constables to the window where Mr. Stevenson was standing, and suggested to that gentleman that it would be better for him to see Mr. Tyler and Mr. Guthrie privately, and settle the matter amicably. Mr, Stevenson replied that he was acting under the advice of his solicitor, who had obtained counsel's opinion, and that whatever the Collector of Customs did would be at his own risk. Mr. Guthrie then again formally demanded admittance, and being again refused, proceeded with a crowbar to break open the door. The attempt being ineffectual, an axe was procured and amid loud yells — whether of delight, disgust, or encouragement no one could tell—a lusty Customs officer laid on to the door, and sent the wood flying. But it was then found that tho door was lined with iron, and that it was backed up by a barricade of bales of wool. Upon this the Customs officers changed their tactics. A ladder was procured, and an officer having mounted it, endeavored to effect an entrance to the premises through the fanlight over the door. Ho smashed the window in, and was met with such a warm reception from the men inside, that he was obliged to beat a speedy retreat. Mr. Guthrie then ascended the ladder, and tried to effect an entrance. Several of the employes of the firm, who were stationed inside, did their utmost to thrust him down, but he called for a stick, and a great piece of quartering was handed to him. With this he began to hit about among the besieged, and was doing some execution, when one Harry Wilkinson, an employe of Stevenson's, seized it, and with the assistance of others wrested it from him. Wilkinson then caught hold of Mr. Guthrie by the hair of the head, and after shaking him severely thrust him down the ladder. He then, with the view of making a clear space for action, proceeded to break up the window, and, unfortunately, a large jagged piece of the glass fell upon the head of Mr. Guthrie, and inflicted an ugly wound. Mr. Guthrie was immediately conveyed to the hospital, where his injury was attended to, and he was subsequently taken to his own home. On Saturday night it was thought that erysipelas would ensue, Mr. Guthrie being of full habit of body, but yesterday he was pronounced by his medical adviser out of danger, and the only thing he has to get over is the weakness caused by loss of blood. Previous to the ejection of the Customs officers, the Messrs. Stevenson served a writ upon Mr. Guthrie, claiming damages for illegal seizure of their premises, and immediately upon the ejectment of the officers, the following notice was posted on the door of the building:— " Take notice, that we have been advised that the recent occupation of our warehouses, and the seizure and detention of our stock by persons acting under the instructions of Sir. Guthrie, are illegal, and that we are justified in ejecting all such persons from our warehouse, and forcibly resisting any further attempt by any person to take possession of our warehouse, or any of the goods therein, and also any attempt to interfere in any way with such goods, or the control or management of our business. And that, in consequence of such advice, we shall resist any such attempt, and shall hold any person making the same personally responsible, and shall take proceedings against him. And further take notice, that we have commenced an action in the Supreme Court against Mr. Guthrie to recover damages for the recent illegal seizure of the goods in our own warehouse. Dated 8th April, 1876.—L. STEVEN- SON and SONS." Finding no possibility of effecting an entrance through the front door, the Customs officers made an onslaught on the iron gratings which guarded one of the basement windows. The bars being of cast-iron, soon gave way to tho successive blows of two crowbars wielded by powerful men, and Mr. Tyler, accompanied by Inspector Ryall entered the building, the front of which was guarded by the police, Stevenson's people 1 tried to resist, but finding the police ready to support the Customs authorities, they gave way. Inspector Ryall, having told off a number of constables to guard the entrance, ; went upstairs with Mr. Tyler, the Assistant-Commissioner of Gustoms, and had an interview with Mr. Stevenson and Mr. Riggall, his solicitor. In the course of a conversation that took place/Mr. Stevenson reiterated that he had acted under advice, and that the opinion given by his counsel was that ho could eject the Customs officers from his establishment with impunity. Inspector Ryall remarket! that blood had already been shed,• and that murder might take place unless an amicable arrangement was arrived at, and the law allowed to take its course. In answer to this Mr. Stevenson reiterated his statement that he was acting under legal advice, and that tho Customs officers were simply trespassers on his premises, Mr. Tyler observed, " We are in now, Mr. Stevenson, and with tho assistance of the police I intend to keep possession." It was then mutually agreed that five Customs officers, five employes of the firm, and two members of the police force should remain in possession of tho premised Mr. Tyler said that as a matter of duty h!e would have to give Mr. Wilkinson in charge for assaulting Mr. Guthrie, and resisting hiin in the execution of his duty. Mr. Stevenson said that of course he could offer no objection to such a course of action. Wilkinson was then arrested and taken to the city lock-up, but was subsequently released on bail At one time the affair was considered so serious that the Mayor of the city was sent for and asked to read the Riot Act, but the Mayor declined to do so until an emergency actually arose. He, however, put in an appearance at the scene of action in case his services might be required. Fortunately they were not. The affair was not without its amusing incidents. As before mentioned, the street was blocked up by the crowd. An individual on horseback desired to ride down Flinders-lane, and found himself obstructed by the crowd. He was rather "elevated" from drink, and, as British subject, demanded, as a right, to use a public thoroughfare. The crowd, goodnaturedly, gave way to him, and after he had ridden through it two or three times, lie felt that he had maintained his rights as a Britisher, and retired from the scene. Another incident of a laughable character was that of carter trying to dislodge from their position a number of people who had seated themselves on a number of empty cases in a yard opposite the premises of the Messrs. Stevenson. The carter was using his whip pretty freely, when a burly fellow came down from his perch and gave him a blow in the stomach, which caused him to retire, amidst the jeers and laughter of the crowd. How the affairs of the Messrs. Stevenson will end it is impossible to say. The Customs officers remain in possession, and it will be for tiie Crown law officers to decide what further steps shall be taken. In the meantime, tho Messrs. Stevenson, acting under the advice of eminent counsel, are determined to prosecute their action agatnst Mr. Guthrie, the collector of customs.—T RUSSIAN PROVERBS.—When Peter the Great ordered his subjects to shave, these conservative Nonconformists besought him to cut off their heads rather than their beards, and not " to destroy Christ's likeness." From the penalty then exacted from them arose the saying, " Without a rouble thou cans't not let thy beard grow." Among ordinary mortals two conflicting proverbs are current. As the moujik is always bearded, he says, " A beard is honorable, but even a cat ha6 moustachesto which a Zapadnix, or Western, may reply, " Moustaches for honor, but even a goat has a beard," While alluding to the schismatics we may mention that, according to them, "Tea, coffee, tobacco, and potatoes have been cursed by seven General Councils ;" that " He who smokes tobacco drives out of himself the Holy Ghost;" that "Who drinks coffee, him shall thunder slay ;" and that " He who drinks tea must not hope for salvation." With respect to the latter beverage, a moTe poetic saying laments the fact that " Into Russia has flown a Chinese dart, and fixed itself in the peasant's heart." More consolatory than these statements is the schismatic's opinion that "In the other world every pockmark will become pearl." Similarly conservative, but conceived in a rational spirit, are the moujik's opinions with regard to the deference due to age, the respect to be conceded to parents. " Even in the Horde are old folks revered," is a time-honored adage ; and a sad picture of unrespected age is suggested by the statement that " The Devil is old, yet he has nojbirthday"—or rather no nameday, for the Russians honor not the anniversary of a friend's birth, but the day of the eaint whose name he bears. As a general rule, age and wisdom go together, and a greybeard's advice commands respect, for " An old crow croaks not for nothing." Sometimes, however, a man becomes vicious in advanced life, and of him folks say, " There's grey in his beard and the devil in his ribs." As regards the trcatnieut of a wife by her husband proverbs differ. " Love your wife like your soul, and beat her like your shuba " (overcoat of furs), says one of a stern class, to which another responds in the same spirit, "Not long hurt the bumps from a loved one's thumps." Wives have undoubtedly been subjected to much ill-treatment in Russia, where many husbands have always been of the opinion that " He who gives his wife H liberty robs himself;" or " Liberty spoils a good wife." Some proverbs are cynical as to the advantages of matrimony. If " The bachelor cries, ' Oh, ohV the married man cries ' Ai, ai!'" and those who " Wed once, wail always." Nor can the marriage yoke be got rid of, however much it may gall. "A wife is not a guitar; wheii your playing is done, you can't hang her up on the wall;" nor is she " A saddle which a man can fling off his back." One of the brief dramatic proverbs tells a mournful tale. " Why sal blithe ?"—" I'm going to be married." " Why hangs your head ?"—" I've got married." But this is one of the skits on women familiar to all lands. More complimentary to the married state are such remarks as " God help the bachelor! the housewife helps a husband" The master is the head of the house, the mistress its soul;" or the statements that " The cuckoo complains be-j cause she has no nest," aud " It's a bore to go alone, even to get drowned ;" oi tlm recommendation—" A good wife and rich cabbage-j soup ; other goods things seek not elegraph'. Quarterly ? 