THE PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH ~ AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of this body was held in the Class-room of Flinders-street Church on the foieboon of Tuesday, May 2. Present—The Rev. Professor Davidson, Moderator; Messrs. Gordon, Lyall, W. Davidson, Law, J. Hender son, Macbean, Maelaren, Mitchell, and Angus, ministers; and Messrs. Murray, Brown, Johnston, Robertson, Kennedy, and Gooding, elders. The proceedings having been opened with devotional -exercises, the minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. Commissions in favour of Messrs. J. Hawkes and E. Gooding as repre sentative elders from the congregations of Wal laroo and Clare were read, and the names were -added to the roll. The Moderator then delivered 'the annual address, which was as follows " Fathers and Brethren—While I attempt to act consistently with the custom whioh since the union of the Presbyterian Churches in this -colony has been observed, allow me at the outset to acknowledge gratefully your uniform kind ness and courtesy. The office is unquestionably much more honourable than onerous, and the generous consideration of all the members of this Court, without exception, Is such as to leave nothing but pleasant memories with any one who may occupy chair. But while I admit that, generally speaking, the duties are not onerous, I -am bound to make an exception m connection with the duty which I have now to discharge. Retrospection is always more or less difficult, -and where one attempts anything approaching to a comprehensive view of the story of a year which has gone he must be very •conscious of this truth. So far as our own ecclesiastical history is concerned, I do not know that there is much to note beyond the fact of our having established at least one congregation in addition to those previously -existing. The circumstances connected with it are in many respects extremely interesting to -most of us. None who have visited Belalie can fail to experience a very pleating recollection of the visit, as well as to desire a repetition of it. The honest hearty enthusiasm for what is good and true on the part of those who have migrated northwards must be gratifying to all who witness it. Let us hope that in the years which are to come there may be found in other areas not /1 few who ^re able and willing to follow the example of those who reside near Jamestown. And let us also hope that thosepn the old country who are led to know and to feel the pressure of our necessity will not fail to send suitable men, or to come themselves to our help. "In reviewing the story of the year you will -allow me to refer in distinct terms to the obvious growth of a desire on the part of many denominations to reduce to a minimum the points of recognised difference. I had at once the pleasure and the privilege, along with Mr. i Lyall, of representing yon recently at the meeting of the Congregational Union. It really seems as if the difference between them and ourselves were becoming ' small by degrees and beautifully less.' Their Union is to all intents and purposes a General Assembly, ! -and although they may refuse to acknow ledge their possession of administrative autho rity in some directions, their virtual possession of it appears at least to be conceded. On the other hand, we seem to be approximating to their views and methods. I speak, of course, on my own responsibility in this direction, but so far as I am able to judge of feelings and -opinions prevailing and growing among our own people, it seems to me that a wise latitude of creed, such as is recognised by our brethren of the Union, is being greatly longed for among ourselves. Some of you mil readily enough think of the difficulty you experience in obtain ing office-bearers willing to subscribe even to bur modest formula ; and this leads me to speak •of a matter over which I have been thinking a little during the last few months. I wish 1 could bring to bear upon it the amount of thought -and clearness of utterance which it deserves, bat in lieu of this you will perhaps be pleased to listen for a little merely to some suggestions of a practical sort. " I have been led to think in connection with various recent movements of the complete revolution which has taken place in the aocepted 'Theory of Education.' When the .Education BUI was recently before Parliament I felt prepared to urge that a measure of public instruction should be adopted; in short, that the State should not attempt to * educate,' but merely to 'instruct.' The essential idea of 'instruction' 1 believe to be equivalent to the patting of implements in the possession of those who are intelligent and likely to become more so. To adopt the somewhat trite formula, they are to be instructed in the three B's and the art of using them. But this is by no means the idea which obtained among odr fathers and grandfathers, or even during the period of the youth of some of us; still lesB is it the idea which ruled in the minds of the founders of our Church and of the whole parochial system of Scotch education. In the old Scotch schools children were taught what to think. The idea of mathematical exactness was applied to all the branches of information. In the study of Euclid, they were taught what to think and what to believe about plain figures. In arithmetic they were taught what to think about numbers, and what to think about modes of reckoning according to rules, which were to be implicitly accepted, but not necessarily under stood. In history they were taught what to believe about the character of any w»n or any nation; in natural history what to believe about any classification ef organic or inorganio matter, however arbitrarily the classification might be made. But the present idea of education means the training of children 'to think,' not neces sarily * what,' but simply ' to think' and discover for themselves the ' what.' The ancient Sooratie method has of recent years undergone a wonder ful resurrection, and nearly the whole history of modern education describes the character of it. " But this ruses a question of very peculiar interest to ub as a Uhureb, involving, as I venture to think, something scarcely less than a revolu tion in our constitution. The fact must be faced some day, and the sooner it is faced, and the smaller the area on which the preliminary dis cussions are to be -conducted, the better mil it be for the Church at large. The question to which I refer is that which touches the compara tive value of belief on authority, and belief which is the necessary outcome of examination and conviction. The old educational forms absolutely required the pupil to believe whatever the -teacher taught. The new educational principle forbids the pupQ to believe -whatever either the teacher cannot prove, or what can not be positively and abso lutely demonstrated to be consistent with truth. -Our existing pulpit arrangements mean that we profess not to be priests in any sense, not media of communication between humanity and the .Most High, but simply that we are public instructors, trained to a certain extent to con duct the devotions of those who adhere to our ministry and approve our mode of thought and expression. And within the limits thus plainly suggested we are ourselves subject to this law. * We must preach what is consistent with the prevailing belief—based upon authority, and not upon personal examination—and mature eon notion. Or else we must alienate ourselves, more or less, from those whose respect and affection we desire most earnestly to retain, or those in whose unintelligent acquiescence we find -slender satisfaction.' " It would be altogether inexpedient and un justifiable to raise questions of the kind at present, if one were not prepared to look at -them from some practical' points of view. But I am thoroughly convinced that such questions will emerge in a very practical form before long. I do not at all propose to raise them and lay them at once; but I do think that our Church, as well as others, will need to be on the alert, and be ready to give some measure of reasonable satisfaction to those who ask us for the reasons of our belief. It is often said that certain -questions have been answered over and over again, and no doubt this is said quite truth fully. But the answer which satisfied the •question of our fathers does not necessarily satisfy us. Nor does the allaying of curiosity in one generation quench the desire for know ledge and reasons in the generation which followe. " I think I am prepared to assume on the part of the educated ministers of our Churches an inteUigent belief in the doctrines which they preach, in the convictions by which they abide, and in their power of defining to their own satisfaction the truths which they profess to hold. To do less than this would be equiva lent to admitting that there was some measure of truth in the ancient dogma that ignorance or stupidity in some form was essential to a high cast of religious life. Suoh a notion, as a matter of course, we utterly repudiate when stated as a general proposition. But when we pass from the consideration of the case of those who are specially qualified by edu cation, training, personal experience, or peculiar clear sightedness to the case of those who accept the pulpit ministrations as the present and most expedient form of the old idea of education, i-e., the telling people «hat to think, instead of teaching them to ' think' and conclude for themselves, the general issue is of a very different kind. Our children are being trained to ' enquire.' Their basinets—their very duty—is to ask questions, and the right which, they are sure to claim is that of either being answered by us, or being allowed to discover the answer for themselves. If we were to take into account the entire credenda accepted by ourselves, it would not be at all difficult to take up points sure to be questioned by early enquirers. But, supposing we take up only those which are most generally received in the Evangelical Churches, I am disposed to think that the new methods of education will force upon as at an early date the necessity for at least revising certain matters, with a view to the modification of the terms in which some necessary beliefs are ex pressed. I pray you to bear in mind that, in speaking of such contingencies, I am impelled solely by what appears to me to be the inevitable necessity of their being raised by-and-by, and of the correspondingly inevitable (though not neces sarily unsatisfactory) result of our near national conception of the proper character of national education. - " And first of all this question, I think, will be raised—On what grounds do we maintain the Divine and absolute authority of the whole existing and recognised canon of Scripture? How shall we deal with our children when they make enquiries about the different modes of stating the same belief in the Confession and in the Shorter Cathechism? Shall we give them the benefit of the implied doubt which Is sug gested by the latter, when it states that * the Word of God is contained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments V Or shall we absolutely require of them an utter and unhesi tating belief in the whole Scriptures of both Testaments, including the genealogies in Chronicles and Nebemiah, and the institution of the feast of Purim in Esther? Or, on the other hand, shall we say to them that whatever in the Bible reveals God to your soul, or your own nature and necessities to your own self, is the Word of God to you; ana whatever does not do bo may perchance be the Word of God in some sense, but to you an altogether inaudible and non-intelligible Word? Or must we fall back again on the old doctrine of belief on authority, and tell those who nnder modern systems are to think and to ask that they must study for their profit and satisfaction the whole of Home's Introduction to the Study ef the Scriptures, or of Professor Gaussen's voluminous work on the Plenary Inspiration of the. Scrip tures? I profess myself at present somewhat unable to answer the question; but I should like to be assured that the Church was prepared with an answer when the question from without be comes imminent. " Another difficulty of a somewhat similar kind will soon make itself felt. I mean it will make itself felt again and in a fresh form, for it has quite often enough been felt before. The lapse of generations is always oo-ordinate withthe lapse of terms from their original signification. And so it has come to pass that the term ■ Person,' as applied to the * Trinity,' has undergone very considerable change in the course of time. It is a term by no means easy' to define, and when defined, by no means easy to reconcile with the recognised view of the doctrine. Allow me to quote one of the most recent definitions of the word, from one whom we all respect—Dr. Henry Calder wood, Professor of Moral Philosophy in the University of Edinburgh. He says (p. 12, Handibook of Moral Philosophy, §_ 14) — ' Coneiousness - of self-determination is con sciousness of power, exercised by me over my mental activity, and oyer physical organs which belong to me. Self is thus known, not merely as intelligence, but also as power. I am a self-conscious, intelligent, self-determining power. I am a person, not a mere living organism, and not a mere thing. Personality thus involves self-conscious being, self-regulated intelligence, and self-determined activity.' I do not need to quote further from him, because in what follows he deals with the mere human personality; but it is not hard to perceive that if the definition quoted be even approximately accurate, we must be somewhat at sea with regard to the terms of our dogma. I do not at all mean that the dogma is inexplicable or unintelligible, but only that the terms of it are not now happily suited to the existing meaning of the word 'person,' and the same thing holds true with regard to the word 'substance.' When we speak or think of the three Persons of the Godhead being the 'same in substance,'we do not literally mean what we say in the ordinary sense of the term, and we shall some day soon require to tell our children precisely what we do mean when we use the word. Similarly, also, we shall require to deal with the terms in which the doctrine of the 'Procession of the Holy Ghost' is expressed. The doctrine itself is, or appears to be, so important as to warrant the division which subsists between the Eastern and the Western Churches; and yet among the Churches of the Reformation it is doubtful whether one per cent.—I might almost venture to say one per theusand—of the lay members are able to attach an intelligent meaning to the expression. " I might also refer to the somewhat ambi guous sense in which the word ' atonement' is used by ourselves and others ; but this has been so freely discussed in comparatively recent years that it may possibly be better to omit it just at present. " Tet there is one other subject to which I should like to refer before closing, and which also bears very directly upon the change which has occurred in our educational revolution. -1 referred before to our professed character as instructors, rather than priests. We reject the idea of mediation on our part between men and God. We do not profess to reconcile men to God in any other way than by teaching them what they ought to be, and what they ought to do when once they are what they ought to be. Eut our sacramental institutions have always seemed, somehow, to be at least suggestive of the thought that they helped to make men, by an easy method, what they eugh.t to be. I do not for one moment suggest that any honest man in the ministry has cultivated the idea or in any wise fostered the superstition among his people. But, as a matter of fact, some people do believe that christened children are safer for eternity than those who are un christened ; and Borne also believe that they themselves are in a more wholesome way of life when they communicate thpn when they do not. These ideas are manifest remnants of pre-Refor mation times, but in some quarters they con tinue to exist with considerable force. They have, however, received a fatal blow from the recent revival movement at home. If one were asked to indicate the most conspicuous pecu liarity in connection with that movement, I think he would indicate the peculiarity which was conspicuous by its absence. There were no baptisms, and so far as my reading has informed me, the occasions of sacramental communion were few and far between. I do not feel pre pared to pronounce a judgment on this matter, but the fact is plainly a very significant one in the face of that widely prevalent disposition to teach persons 'to think' instead of .teaching them what to think, "The mere one looks at these and similar matters, the more one must feel compelled to try to understand the signs of the times. If we ourselves do not keep—I shall not say thoroughly abreast of our time, but thoroughly ahead of it —and act our proper part as leaders of thought so near us, we shall lose, and we shall deserve to lose, the respect and the Influence for good which we happily at present possess. But & we hold ourselves intelligently and actively ready to exercise sympathy, judgment, and Ghristlike consideration, there lies before us a career of honourable usefulness, to which I know nothing second." At the close of his address, Professor David eon nominated as hie successor the Rev. P. Maclaren, of Port Adelaide, and this proposal having met with unanimous concurrence Mr. Maclaren took the chair, and briefly thanked the brethren for the honour conferred upon him. The elevation of Mr. Maclaren to the Mode rator's chair left vacant the office of Clerk, which he had held for several years. The Rev. James LyaLl was unanimously elected to the office, and at once entered on its duties. On the motion of Mr. Macbean, seconded by Mr. W. Davidson, cordial thankB were ten dered to the retiring Moderator for his valuable address, various members taking part in a brief discussion on- various points raised by the addre&B.; The Treasurer's balance-sheet was laid on the table, and Messrs. Robertson and Johntson were appointed Auditors. They afterwards reported that it was correct, and that it showed a deficit of £36 Is. Id. The same Auditors examined the balance-sheet of the Home Mission Fund and found it correct. It showed a credit balance of £46 10s. Id. Mr. Lyall read a letter he had received from the Rev. Peter Hope, Convener of the Colonial Committee of the Free Church, with reference to the cost of passage and outfit of Mr. and Mrs. Mudie, and stated the reply he had given. The Presbytery approved of his action. Mr. Lyall reported that in accordance with the instructions of last meeting he went to Belalie on the 18th March; that he met with those who were desirous of being formed into a congregation, most of whom had been previously members of Presbyterian Churches. He ad dressed them, on the leading principles of Pres byterianism and upon the responsibilities of a Christian profession, and by solemn prayer com mended them as a Christian congregation to the care and blessing of the Great Head of the Church. He further reported that on the following day the newly-formed congregation observed the Lord's Supper, and that he preached morn ing and eveniBg at the opening of the new Church at Jamestown, when there were large congregations, and much interest manifested. The report was approved of, and Mr. Lyall was authorized to take the necessary steps for the formation of a session. Mr, Henderson gave an interesting account of his recent tour in the Northern Areas, stating his impressions of Caltowie and Georgetown, in which latter place he found that a large propor tion of the Protestant population were Presby terians. He preached at Koolunga twice on Sunday, April 23, and lectured neat evening to large gatherings. He considered the field there particularly promising. _ The question as to the adequate supply of religious ordinances to the Presbyterian settlers in the North was discussed at some length, and it was felt desirable and necessary that a quali fied minister should be obtained without delay to labour in the field. MentioE was made ef a minister who had recently visited Adelaide on his way to Queensland, who was highly thought of by the brethren, who had met him, and who it was believed would be willing to undertake this work. After full consideration it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Lyall, seconded by Mr. Gobdon, that the Rev. F. D. Mitchell be invited to undertake the work of an evangelist in connection with the Presbytery; that he be guaranteed £300 per annn^ for two years; and that £20 be allowed for passage money from Brisbane. The state of the Home Mission Fund was next considered, and the necessity of throwing additional energy into the scheme in view of extended operations was urged. It was found that from various causes delay had taken place In the formation of Congregational Associations. The various ministers were instructed to use diligence in urging the subject on the attention of the congregations. The Moderator, Messrs. Benderson, Lyall, and Murray weTe appointed a Committee to watch over the interests of the Home Mission scheme. Professor Davidson laid on the table printed copies of the trust-deed of the Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund, and reported that the amount now to the credit of the Fund was £687 17s. 6d., which with the donation of £106 from Mr. John Riddooh, payable in January, and other Bm≪ sums, makes a total of £79814s. 10d. He thought that with a little effort the Church might easily in the course of next year increase it to £1000, the amount required before it could be operated upon. Cordial thanks were tendered to Pro fessor Davidson for his efforts in connection with this scheme. Professor Davidson made a statement of his present labours in connection with the Adelaide University, and mentioned that those efforts did not in any way interfere with the discharge of his pastoral duties. Regret was expressed that in consequence of his having been detained in Tasmania the visit of the Rev. J. G. Paton to this colony had been delayed. The Committee appointed to prepare a letter to the Pan-Presbyterian Council laid on the table the following copy of the letter, which they had forwarded to the care of the Rev. Dr. Dykes, of London:— "The Presbyterian Church of South Australia to the President and Members of the Pan Presbyterian Council, to be held in Edinburgh in July, 1876, sendeth Christian greetings and fraternal affection. "It was with great satisfaction that we received an invitation to send delegates to the first meeting of the Council of the General Presbyterian Alliance to be held in Edinburgh in July next, and as at present we cannot spare men from our Christian work here for this pur pose, we heartily respond to the invitation by sending this letter to express our fraternal regards as well as our warmest sympathy with a movement which has for its object the linking together in closer visible bonds, both of fellow ship and of work, all those throughout the world who hold Protestant principles in connection with the Presbyterian system. V We hope and believe that valuable results may flow from the discussions and proceedings of the Council; that its labours may prove powerful means of promoting the further exten sion, prosperity, and spiritual life of the Chris tian Church; that it will place before the world fuller and corrector information respecting the extent, the scriptural character, and the Chris tian liberality of the Presbyterian Church, showing how large a portion of the Christian world acknowledges her government, how ex tensive is 'the work that she is doing, and the great spiritual influence produced by a Church which, whilst combining simplicity, efficiency, and Christian liberty, with a pure and well regulated discipline, stands in point of members first of Protestant Churches. " Beloved brethren in the Lord, we wish you all Comfort and joy in the labours in which you are engaged, and we pray that the blessing of the Great Head of the Church may rest on you and guide you in all your deliberations. - "We have written to our dear brother the Bev. Dr. Dykes, who from having visited this far off portion of the colonial vineyard is well known to us, and of whose visit we- still cherish the liveliest remembrance, requesting him to present this, our letter of brotherly sympathy and adhe rence to the General Presbyterian Alliance, and to speak in our behalf, and act as if he were our commissioned delegate. And now, brethren, dearly beloved in the Lord, we commend you to God and to the good word of His grace, and bid you farewell. "John Davidson, Moderator. "Peter Maclaben, Clerk." UNION COLLEGE. The following report on Union College was received and read. Professor Davidson, Messrs. Macbean, Henderson, G. Young, D. Murray, and T. G. Brown were' appointed to epresent the Presbytery at the meetings of the Committee of the College during the present year:— "The work of Union College continues to be prosecuted steadily, and, so far as it goes, most satisfactorily; but it is to be regretted that the Churches do not manifest a greater amount of interest in this important institution, and that a larger number of young men, even of those who do not purpose to devote themselveB to the Christian ministry, do not avail themselves of the advantages which it offers. The Council of the College recently by a special address sought to commend the institution to the sympathies and prayers of the Churches, and it has been arranged that every individual or Church con tributing to the funds of the College shall have the privilege of nominating free of charge for the session one student to any one class for each guinea contributed. This privilege has been already exercised, and as it becomes more gene rally understood will probably be exercised to a much greater extent. The liberality a I®w wealthy friends, chiefly members of the other Churches who united in originating the College, has enabled the Council to discharge all liabili ties up to the close of the past year, but it is desirable that the basis of support should be widened, and it is hoped that the Presbyterian Churches throughout the province will ere long each appear an an annual ccntributor to the advancement of an institution, on the success of which so much of their future existence as Churches may depend. It is also much to be desired that the interest taken by the Presby terians of the province in Union College may lead to a larger accession, than heretofore to the numbers of those who engage in study with a view to the work of the ministry. " The current session opened last month, the Greek Testament Classes being resumed by the Bev. 8. Mead, the Church History Class being still conducted by the Bev. J. Jefferis, and the Theological and Latin Testament ClasseB by Bev. P. Maclaren. The able, earnest, and laborious services of these gentlemen in previous sessions merit the warmest acknowledgments of eveiy friend of the cause. The total number of students enrolled this session is 20, of whom five attend two classes each, and 15 attend one class each." Mr. Henderson reported that the circulation of the Independent and Presbyterian .is being maintained, and urged the ministers present to contribute to its columns, as well as to interest themselves in farthering its circulation. The Committee appointed to superintend the students gave a report of the arrangements they had made. Their report was approved. Mr. Lvall stated that along with Mr. Hender son he waited upon the Baptist Association and the Wesleyan Conference, and that with Pro fessor Davidson he tendered the greetings of the' Presbytery to the Congregational Union, and that from one and all they met with a most warm reception. Messrs. Gordon and Angus were appointed to represent the Presbytery at the annual meetings of the various religious bodies during the ensuing year. A letter was read from Bev. J. P. Henderson requesting that an Assessor be appointed to assist in the election of Elders at Strathalbyn. Mr. Law, of Mount Barker, was appointed. Mr. Bobebtson stated that a manse was in course of erection for the Bev. J. B. Ferguson at Golden Grove, and asked that some assistance might be given to the object from the Home Mission Fund. After some discussion, it was agreed that while the Presbyteries rejoice in the erection of the said manse, such an object did not come within the scope of the Home Mission Fund. The annual report on statistics was submitted. The following are its principal items:—Elders, 40; communicants, 1,280; average attendance, 2,340; sittings let, 1,720; Sabbath-schools, 20; teachers, 179; scholars, 1,407; preaching stations, 13; average attendance, 263; prayer meetings, 1G; average attendance, 245; income, £5,111 10s. 2d.; missionary and benevolent objects, £202 16s. 3d. At 2 o'clock the Presbytery adjourned. The Presbytery resumed at 7 p.m.; the Bev. John Macbean Moderator. The Com mittee reported the result of their examina tion of Mr. Gray as most satisfactory. Report was received, and Mr. Gray was encouraged to prosecute his studies. The Committee was in structed to meet with Mr. Mudie, who had been unable to attend in consequence of illness in his family, at as early a date as possible, and examine Mm on the subjeots preseribed. Mr. Gbat read a paper on " The Internal Evi denoe of Christianity, which having been criti cised by various members, he was farther encouraged to continue his studies. The Presby tery then adjourned to the church for The Public Meeting, which was presided over by the Moderator, the Rev. P. Maclaren. There was a numerous attendance. After the usual devotional exer cises, The Chairman said they might fairly take the comfort of the belief that their Church had during the past year held its own, done its duty, and made perceptible progress. Their whole body was not large, but during the year they had raised two congregations from mere preaching stations to organized Churches, and all the settled congregations were perceptibly advancing. There was room in this good land for them, and provided they held fast the form of sound words, and spoke the truth in love, they might expect that Cod would maintain their cause. " Their progress was, however, cramped and their growth hindered by two deficiencies. They wanted funds to aid and encourage the stations to become separate Churches and men to become ministers. They had plans for meeting both these wants. They had their Home Mission and Church Ex tension scheme, and they had Union Col lege. He hoped that a strenuous effort would at once be made throughout their congregations to help the Home Mission Fund. It was now some tune since the Presbytery enjoined all its congregations to form Associa tions for aiding the Home Mission Fund, and he earnestly urged that this injunction should be attended, to. One in every congregation would produce immediate results, such as they wished to see. The want of ministers they saw no hope of meeting, as it must be met, save through Union College. They could not get the men they wanted from Britain. For Union College, therefore, he claimed the prayers and liberality of his bearers. It had sent out some excellent young ministers, and there was a number of young men now under training there of as fine a spirit and as well gifted as they could wish to see. That their educational attainments were not equal to those demanded by Presbyterian Churches at home was likely enough—how could they be so? For the four years' course in Arts and another four years' course iu Divinity a three years' course in Union College was but a poor substitute; but in this matter they could not do as they wished, but must do as they eeu'd, and if thore who were able to help would resolve to do what they could they could do much better through Union College than ever they had yet done. Now tbat our _ University was established, Union College might be able to provide for theological training; what the quantity and quality of that should be must be determined very much by the liberality of the Christian people. Leaving the College, he would now say something upon union, which was very near his heart. Whenever he reflected on the mischief resulting to those without from their disunion, he could not help pleading our Lord's petition to the Father, " that they may be one, that the world may believe that thoa bast sent Me." They all thanked God for the measure of brotherly kindness displayed by our evangelical denomi nations. It was one of the most delightful things he knew, and the very happiest omen for their future usefulness to this land that different sections recognised one another by sending depu tations. They were glad to see respected brethren in their midst -on such an errand. Gladly they welcomed the worthy followers of that great and good man John Wesley—a king of men every inch of him, but withal a child like disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ. Gladly, also, they welcomed their Baptist brethren, who were in the eye of the law m England Presby terians. In the case of some property in Norwich, bequeathed originally to Presbyterians, but now held by Baptists, the Vice- Chancellor a few years ago decided that the word " Presbyterian" was large enough to cover the three denomina tions of Puritans. Presbyterians could respect their conscientious differences. They could admire their energy and zeal, and they wished them God speed in winning souls to Christ. None would wonder, however, that they pro fessed a still warmer fraternal affection for their Congregationa^ist brethren, between whom and themselves there was so little difference. They remembered that in England there was once a very general union between the Independent and the Presbyterian Churches. The articles of a£ reement were nine in number. All of them he believed would be cordially accepted by the two denominations here as a basis of .union. But, until pastors and people were fully prepared on both sides it were folly to urge that point. That their union would come about he felt assured. Might the Lord hasten it in His time. The main theoretical difference now between them, that of adherence to a written creed, was thus got over (Article 8). *' As to what appertains to soundness of judgment in matters ef faith, we of teem it sufficient that a Church acknowledge the Scriptures to be the Word of God, the perfect and only rule of faith and practice; and own either the doctrinal part of those commonly called the Articles of the Church of England; or the Confession; or the Catechism, Shorter or Larger, compiled by the Assembly at West minster; or the Confession agreed on at the Savoy, to be agreeable to the said rule." The Rev. S. Knight, as a delegate from the Wesleyan Conference, apologized for the absence of his colleague, the Rev. W. P. Wells, and then expressed the true feelings of brotherly love which were entertained by the Wesleyan Church towards Presbyterianism and the Presbyterians. He was also able to express his belief that the Presbyterians wished every success to that Church of which he was a minister. (Hear, hear.) If Baptists and Independents were one by their congregational principles, he might say that Wesleyans and i Presbyterians were one by their presbyterianism | —by their form of government. (Hear, j hear.) Presbyterianism would long be looked up to as'one which had been a great bulwark of | defence for the holy Sabbath Day, which had I been honoured not only in the literature but ; also the actual usages of the Presbyterians. 1 (Bear, hear.) Then, in its history there was : something of which they might .be proud. The i history of Presbyterianism hallowed itself and glorified its name. He rejoiced to think that j .their hopes for the future union of the Churches were somewhat similar to those entertained by the other evangelical Churches, and without in any sense diminishing their individual liberties he believed Churches would thus be able to present a thoroughly united front to error and to all those influences against which it was the duty of the Christian Church to wage an endless warfare. (Applause.) The Chairman, in introducing the Rev. J. Gordon, said he was sure they would all be glad to hear an address from him on such an impor tant subject as that of the Pan-Presbyterian Council, towards which the eyes of the world were at present fixed. Ihe Rev. J. Gordon then addressed the meeting on " The Pan-Presbyterian Council." He said on July 4, 1876, it was proposed to hold at Edinburgh a Council of the various Presbyterian Churches throughout the world. The idea of such a Council occurred to several persons about the same time, and to persons living remote from each other. It was from America that we got most of our useful modern inventions, and it was from that quarter that we derived most of our fresh ideas, if not ef Church organization, at least of Church action; and this idea and the first step towards making it a reality originated in the United States. In 1873 the General Assembly of the Presby terian Church in the United States unanimously adopted resolutions in favour of an (Ecumenical Council of the Presbyterian Church. In the same year the General Assembly of the Pres byterian Church in Ireland cordially expressed its approval of the overture presented to them on the subject. In 1874 the matter came before the Supreme Courts of many of the Presby terian Churches, aDd in every instance with marked approval. At the meetings of the Synod and General Assemblies of Scotland in May, 1875, the subject was again under conside ration, and continued to be regarded in a favour able light. Finally in July, 1875, a Conference was held in London to consider the whole ques tion, and propose some definite line of action.j The Conference was attended by delegates from Scotland^ Ireland, America, and many parts of the Continent of Europe. Those Churches that could not send a representative forwarded a letter of sympathy and approval. At this Con ference rules were drawn up, a constitution adopted, and the whole scheme put into working order, and at the close of its meetings it was decided to hold the first General Council at Edinburgh on July 4, 1S76. Geneva, Phila delphia, and London were severally proposed, but the majority ruled that the fittest place for this Council to hold its first diet was the Scottish metropolis—the city of John Knox. The object of this Council is briefly this:— Churches holding the Presbyterian system were found in various parts of the world. From the statistics of the Presbyterian Church, drawn up by a Committee of the London Conference, it was found that there were 9,105 Presbyterian congregations in the United States of America, 3,127 in Great Britain and Ireland, 4,832 on the Continent of Europe, 348 in Australia, 10 in the New Hebrides, and 99 in Africa. Among Churches so widely separated and so differently circumstanced there could hardly fail to obtain considerable variety in matters of opinion and custom. With the view, then, of bringing these widely-scattered groups of Churches together, of linking them in a closer bond ct anion, of securing among them & more cordial co-operation in the maintenance of ■the distinctive principles of the Church, and for which any Church should exist, was this Council desired. The benefits of the proposed move ment were stated thus in the address of the Committee :—First—It would exhibit before the world the substantial unity, quite consis tent with minor diversities, of the one great family of Presbyterian Churches. Second—It ' would greatly tend to hold up and strengthen weak and struggling Churches by showing that . they are members of a large body. The Protestant Churches of the Continent of Europe, for example, feel the great need of sympathy and support from Churches more favourably situated. Third—It would enable Churches which are not inclined to organic union to manifest their belief in the unity of the Church, and to fraternize with those whom they love, while they still hold to their dis tinctive testimony.' Fourth—Each Presbyterian Church would become acquainted with the con stitution and work of the sister Churches, and their interest in each other would be propor tionately increased. Some might be led in this way to see in other Churches what they would choose to adopt. Fifth—The Churches may thus be led to combine in behalf of the truth and against prevalent errors; as, for instance, to ^defend the obligations of the Sabbath; to resist the insidious efforts of the Papacy, especially in the matter of education; and to withstand infidelity in its various forms. Sixth— Without interfering with the free action of the Churches this Council might distribute judi ciously the evangelical work in the great field, "which is the world;" allocating a sphere to each, discouraging the planting of two congre gations where one might serve, or the establish ment of two missions at one place while hun dreds of other places have none. In this way the resources of the Church would be husbanded, and her energies concentrated on great enter prises. Seventh—It would demonstrate to the Christian world these great facts in the working of the Presbyterian system: That, by its reasonable polity, it consists with every form of civil government; that, by the simplicity of its usages, it is adapted to all the varying conditions of the Church upon the earth, and that, by its equal distance from licence and arrceance, it is best prepared to recognise the kinship of all believers. Eighth—It would manifest the proportions and power of the Presbyterian Churches, and thus offer effectual resistance to the exclusive pretentions of Prelacy and Ritualism in all their forms. Ninth — From such a Council, hallowed and quickened by the Redeemer's presence, there might proceed, as from a heart, new im pulses of spiritual life, bringing every member of the Church into closer fellowship with his Divine Master, into deeper affection for his brethren for hm Master's sake, and into more entire consecration of all bis powers to the Master's work. After referring to the great benefit the Chorch was likelv to derive from such a Conference, the rev. gentleman said they belonged to a Cburoh that had a history, and a history that took in the sweep of centuries. They belonged to a Church that had through out maintained a firm and uncompromising testimony for great principles, for precious truths; the Divine origin of the Bible, the sanctity of the Sabbath, the independence—the spiritual independence—of the Church, the sole supremacy, of the Lord Jesus Christ. They also belonged to a Church that could boast, if she were disposed to boast, of not a few great names. The rev. gentleman concluded an excellent address by remarking that while they held their own distinctive principles and stood firm by their own Church they. should not be lacking in charity of feeling and courtesy of bearing towards other Churches of the land. He hoped that the day of jealousy and envy and wrangling had passed away. Life was too short and too solemn for that. They should let the 'world see how they loved one another. The Rev. J. Henderson delivered an address on the subject of Home Missions and the Church Extension scheme. He said they some time ago formed a scheme, drew up an appeal, and soli cited the various congregations belonging to the Presbyterian body to form themselves into Associations for the promotion of the great objects they had in view. As a denomination they had made very slight progress indeed during the past ten years. The population of Adelaide had doubled during that period, but the Presbyterians had just the same three churches, and there was even a talk recently of shutting the doors of one of these and dividing the congregation between the other two. Such an idea as that was, he believed, unworthy of them, and would, if adopted, be a stigma and a disgrace to the denomination. (Hear, hear.) In a young colony like South Australia such a policy was not by any means wise, neither in view of the present nor the future of Presby terianiem here. They had hitherto done some little towards establishing new congregations, as they were now doing at Jamestown, Belalie, and Koolunga, and he trusted that these would but be the beginning of a more strenuous effort to spread the cause of Christ throughout the colony. (Hear, hear.) In some parts Presby terians bad not hitherto displayed so much anxiety as they ought to have done to promote the development of their own particular Church. He spoke as a member of the Presbyterian Church and a minister, but also as one who sympathized with all sections of Christian Churches, when he said that up to the present time Presbyterians had not shewn as much energy as they ought to have done towards extending the denomination to which they belonged. (Hear, hear.) In the districts he had named efforts were now being made to plant Churches, and in behalf of these causes he urged the earnest help and sympathy of all who were interested in the extension of their Church. (Hear, hear.) At the same time he was not one of those who wished to perpetuate the indescribable folly which had led various religious denominations to plant churches far too thickly in a new colony like South Australia. In small districts where other religious bodies were already established it was far better not to go, as there were other fields large and important enough to require, and almost fully to maintain a Christian Church. (Hear, hear.) As to the mode of Church extension he might say that a good example was set them by Victoria. There the elders were drafted off to these newly-established Churches, and as they constantly sent in reports to the Presbytery it was always known how the work was proceeding. For the guidance of the elders they had a book prepared, hymns arranged, and sermons (prepared by Victorian ministers and appropriate to the colony) printed. He was not speaking in favour of a liturgy, but he believed that these books had been of great service to the elders, who had by this simple help been enabled to do a great work towards building up these small Churches in scattered country districts. (Hear, hear.) The Presby terian body in these colonies was only small, but it ought not to be allowed to Btay in its present position. Now there were in Victoria 145 ministers and 170 charges, in New South Wales 72 ministers and 80 charges, in New Zealand and Otago the figures Were 85 and 96, in Tasmania 11 and 13, and in South Australia 10 ministers and 14 charges. Presbyterians had a noble history to inspire them, noble men had guided the Councils of their Church in all ages of its history, and these things ought to call forth the warmest sympathies and prayers and their most strenuous efforts towards its spread in the land of their adoption. (Applause.) He hoped that their Church in South Australia would take a new lease of life, stretching forth - all its energies, and that ere long they might be able to number among them new stations and new congregations, not by the half dozen only, but by dozens and by scores. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Jeffebis, LL.B., as a delegate from the Congregational Union, ex pressed the true-hearted sympathy which was felt by his Church for Presbyterianism. There had never in the history of the colony been any antagonistic feeling between Presbyterianism and Congregationalism, but of late there had been most gratifying evidences or a aesire on both sides to become still more closely con nected, and to take a more hearty Christian grip of each other. (Hear, hear.) Only the other day the Rev. Mr. Henderson had ventured to say that there was no doctrinal difference be tween the two Churches of which he was speak ing ; but although he could not fully agree with that, he felt that there was very little difference between them; and as to the difference between the Congregationalists and the Baptists, he might say that he regarded it as absolutely infinitesimal. (Laughter and applause.) There fore, he did not see why they should not all three—Presbyterians, Baptists, and Congrega tionalists—join together in promoting the salva tion of men and the glory of God. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. R. Fletcheb. M.A., followed Mr. Jefferis in expressing the sympathy of the Congregational Union for the Presbyterians, and said that such meetings as that and such desires for union as were expressed at them were by no means useless. Such speeches must necessarily precede union, and he believed they were a good sign of the feeling which was necessary to union, and which must be intensified ere the wish to which Mr. Jefferis had given utterance could be fulfilled. He said he had long regarded it as a sort of ecclesiastical suicide for several Churches to put down their little organizations in the same small townships when there were other fields of usefulness open to them. In order to further the unioD which the evangelical Churches seemed to desire the first thing that should be done would be for them to form a sort of Common Council or Synod at which te decide upon taking up missionary work in ike more scattered parts of the colony, (Hear, hear.) He suggested that as a beginning, "and hoped thatsomething good might oome out of It, as he felt sore it would u some such arrangement could be made between the Churches. (Hear, hear.} He personally had had the honour of being one of the delegates appointed by the Congregational Union of Vic toria to meet certain members of the Pres byterian Synod for the purpose of conferring :with them on similar topics, and believed the discussions that then took plaoe &a; the arrange ments then made would to some -extent promote 'the object in view, (Hear, hear.} He sug gested some such conference as this with a view to arranging preliminaries, arid thus preparing the way for a closer unity of action between the two bodies, and for their presenting a more united front to the Australian world. (Applause.) The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B , as a deputa tion appointed by the Baptist Association, said he would like to go a step further eventhan Mr. Fletcher. He did not see why we should in a new colony like South Australia contemplate a perpetuity in ages to come of the three denomi nationsnowrepresented oathat platform. (Hear, hear.) Only let them allow each other full Christian liberty for opinion and practice, and then he was in favour of their joining absolutely, so that they might, as Mr. Fletcher had said, present a more united front to their common J enemies. This had better be done at an early period of our history as a colony, or in a com paratively short time it would become almost as difficult of accomplishment as it was now in Scotland, England, or any old-established country. (Applause.) As years rolled ou, and our colonial experience advanced, so : would difficulties increase, and therefore it was time the matter was taken up in all serious ness. (Hear, hear.) He tendered his heartiest, best wishes to the Presbyterians—who as a deno mination throughout the world now numbered no less than 30 millions of members—who were spread over the face of the globe far beyond Scotland, and extending to his - knowledge as far as America, Palestine, Constantinople, Egypt, and even Rome. (Hear, hear!) The Rev. T. Piper, as the representative of the Bible Christian Church, also expressed fra ternal greetings, and suggested the advisability of the future united Church taking the perfectly unobjectionable name of the denomination of which he was a minister. (Laughter.) The Rev. J. Macbean proposed a vote of thanks to the members of the various deputa tions, and expressed himself much pleased at the hearty interchange of affection, which he hoped would lead to hearty co-operation and finally end in incorporation. (Hear, hear.) He said that Presbyterianism had made Scotland what it is; and Scotland was not ashamed of it either. (Hear, hear.) But it had outgrown Scotland, and had spread itself abroad through out the world, so that at tire present time it embraced a larger number of adherents than any other section of the Protestant Christian Church. It had done great things in the past, and ought to be earnestly helped forward as one of the greatest powers more and more to rege nerate society, promote .Christian liberty, and elevate humanity. (Applause.) The vote having been carried by acclamation, a collection was made in behalf of the Presbytery Fond, and the meeting was closed in the usual manner. 