A' GHOST STORY. nYi MALK TWAIN. I Toor a large room, far up Broadway, in a huge old building whose upper stories had booen wholly unoccupied for yoars until I came. The plane had long bneen given up to dust and cobwebs, to solitude and silence. I seenmed groping among the tombs and in vading the privacy of the dead, that first night I climbed up to my quarters. For the first time in my life a suporstitious drond camoe over me; and oas I turned a dark anglo of the stairway and an invisible cobweb swung its lazy woof in my faco and clung there, I shuddered an one who had oncoun. terod a phantom. I was glad enough when I reached my room and looked out the mould and the darkness. A cheery firo was burning in the grate, and I sat down behfore it with a com forting sonna of relief. For two hours I sat there thinking of bygone times ; rooealling old nscnes, and summoning half.forgotton faces out of the mists of the past ; listening in fancy to voinoe that long ago grow silent for all time and to once familiar congs that nobody singe now. And asno my roverio softened down to i sadder and nadder pathao, the shrieking of the winds outside softened to a wail, the angry beating of the rain egainet the panon diminiahod to a tranquil patter, and ono by ono the noises in the streeot subsided, until the hurrying footstop of tho laot belated ntragglor died away in the diltamnice and loft no cound behind. The fire had ullrned low. A aense of lonoliness cr)lpt over mo. I arose and utn dressed, movilng on tip-too about the roon doing stealthily what I had to do, na if I 'wore onvironed with sleeping eneomion whoso ellunborl it would bo fntal to lbronk. I covered lup in ied, and lay linstning to tIhe rain and wind and the faint erakhling of distant ashutters till they lulled IuI to eloop. I slept profoundly, but how long I do not know. All at once I found myself awake and filled with a shuddering expectancy. All was still. All but my own heart-I could hear it beat. Presently the bed-clothes commenced to'slip away slowly toward the foot of the bed, as if some one were pulling them! I could not stir; I could not speak. Still the blankets slipped deliberately away till my breast was uncovered. Then with a great effort I seized them and drew them over my head. I waited, listened, waited. Once more that steady pull began, and once more I lay torpid for a century of dragging seconds till my broest was naked again. At last I roused my energies and oatrched the covers back to their place and held them with a strong grip. I waited. By-.and-by I felt a faint tug, and took a fresh grip. The tug strengthened to a steady strain-it grow stronger and stronger. My hold parted and for the third time the blankets slid away. I groaned. An answering groan came from the foot of the bed ? Beonaded drops of sweat stood upon my forehead. I was more dead than alive. Presently I heard a heavy font. step in my room--the step of an elephant it seeoomed to me-it was not like anything human. But it was moving from me-there was relief in that. I heard it approach the door-pass out without moving bolt or look -and wander away among the dismal corri dors, straining the floors and joints till they creaked again as it passed-and then silenooe reigned once more. When my exoitement had calmed I said to myself, "this is a dream-simply a hideous dream." And so I lay thinking it over until I convinced myself that it was a dream, and then a comforting laugh rolaxed my lips and I was happy again. I got up anod struck a light; and when I found that the bolts and 'looks were just as I had left them, another soothing laugh welled in my heart and rippled from my lips. I took my pipe and lit it, and was just- sitting down before the fire, when- down went the pipe out of my nerveless fingers, the blood forsook my cheeks, and my placid breathing was out short with a gasp I In the nehoe on the hearth, side by side with my own bare footprint, was another, so vast that in com parison mine was but an infant's! Then I had had a visitor and the elephant tread was explained. SI put out the light and returned to bed, palsied with fear. I lay a long time, peer ing into the darkness, and listening. Then I hbard a grating noise overhead, like thes dragging of a heavy body across the floor; then the throwing down of the body, and the shaking of my windows in response to the concussion. In distant parts of the building' I heard the muffled slamming of doors. I heard, at intervals, stealthy foot steps creeping in and out among the corri dors, and up and down the stairs. Some times these noises approached my door, hesitated, and went away again. I heard the clanking of chains faintly, in remote passages, and listened while the clanking grew nearer-while it wearily climbed the stairways, marking each move by the loose surplus of chain that fell with an accented rattle upon each suooceeding step as the goblin that bore it advanced. I heard mut tered sentences; half-uttered screams that seemed smothered violently; and the swish of invisible garments, the rush of invisible wings. Then I became conscious that my chamber was invaded-that I was not alone. I heard sighs and brenathings about my bod, and mysterious whisperings. Three little spheres of soft phosphorescent light ap peared on the coeiling directly over my head, clung and glowed there a moment, and then dropped-two of them upon my face and one upon the pillow. They spattorod, liquidly, and felt warm. Intuition told me they had turned to gouts of blood as threy foel-I needed no light to satisfy mynoself of that. Then I saw pallid faces, dimly lumin ons, and white upliftod hands, floating bodi less in the air,--loating a moment and then diarippoaring. The whispering ceased, and the voiones and the sounds, and a solomn stillness followed. I waited, and listened. I felt that I must hIave light, or die. I was woneak with fear. I slowly raised myself toward a sitting posture, and my firace came in contact with a clammy hand! All etrongth wont from me, apparently, and I fell back lilke a stricken invalid. Thin I hoard the rustle of a garment-it seemed to pass to the door and go out. When everything was still once more, I roept out of bed sick and feeble, and lit the gas with a hand that trombled as it it were aged with a hundred years. The light brought some little cheeoor to my spirits. I sat down and fell into a dreamy contompla tion of that great footprint in the ashoe. By-and.by its outlines began to waver and grow dim. I glaneood up andi the broad gas flame was slowly wilting away. In the samo moment I heard that elophantino tread again. I noted its appronalh, noarer anrd nearer, along thie uiristy wall, and dimrior and dirmmor thie lighit waloell. Tire trtnd ranohod miy vry dloor and inpaurd--telo light Ihald dlwitndlld to a aiokly rblue, alId tll tlhinga about me lay ira n alpoeitral twiilight. 'iTe door did not open, nird yet I felt a fainlt gurt of nrir far rmy chlook, r'ud i'ronontly wAnl con niioua oif a huIrio, olhtidy ipro tenro beforo mae. I watchod it withl faninatod oeyea. A prale glow ntiolo ovrr thie tlhing; gradually ita oloudy fohld took Rlapo-an arm -i ttr rlord, then logs, thern a haody, and last a grart nld face looked out of the virapour. Strippeod of its fihuy lhousingir, nakird, imntrullior, sand comnly, tlie mtajstio Oardiff Ciant loomed arove ri i! All my minaery vanilnhodl--for a lchild mright Iknow thiat no harm could coetrnu with thlat Ioenignant countonanco. My chleorful tipirits returnoled at once, anti in symnpathlry willt themin tihe gas flatnod up briglhtly lgaint. NToVor a lonely oatouat wasn so Ilanl to woloonioio ornl pany as I was to moot tihe frioldly giant. 1 snil, " Why, is it nobody bit yoiu ? )n you Irknow, I have bIarnri norod tio deathl for the lhinst two or throe Ilourri? I Ita toriit hIrirtly tladl to soe you. 1 wiih I had a chair--. Ilore, hero, ldon't try to tit dowi in tlrhat thirg I" IBuat it wnre too ianto, Hlf wna in it Irnforn I oould stop himn, nand dowin Ihe wonit --I tnever saw o!hlair ln hivIorod or in mrry lifit. " Stop, rtop, you'll rIin ov--" TrioI hIato rgaurin. T)ortrn wrn aitothttr rarnh, and nriothor chalir wasU reoiverd into ito origintl ilorernsa. " OCnforund you, hnay t;r't yon got any iludgmor t art nllt )r o y :,'ilwant to rutir atl the furnriturn ie trhe prlrci ? In[oro, hiro, yrou ptrtlllnd firol.--" hut it wta ro noe. io• lueo I ootld rrr'ent him he had sat down on the bed, and it was a melancholy ruin. "Now what sort of a way is that to do? First you come lumbering about the place bringing a legion of vagabond goblins along with you to worry me to death, and then when I overlook an indelicacy of costume which would not be tolerated anywhere by cultivated people except in a respectable theatre, and not even there if the. nudity were of your sex, you repay me by wreck ing all the furniture you can find to sit down on? And why will you? You damage yourself as much as you do me. You have broken off the end of your spinal columns, and littered up thefloor with chips off your hams till the place looked like n marble-yard. You ought to be ashamed of yourself-you are big enough to know better." " Well, I will not break any more furni ture. But what am I to do? I have not had a chance to sit down for a century." And the tears came into his eyes. " Poor devil," I said, " I should not have been so harsh with you.. And you are an orphan, too, no; doubt. But sit down on the floor here-nothing else can stand your weight-and besides, we cannot be sociable with you away up there above me: I want you down where I can perch on this high counting-house stool and gossip with you face to face.", So hbe,set down on the floor, and lit a pipe which I gave him, threw one of my red blankets over his shoulders, inverted my sitz bath on his head, helmet fashion, andi made himself picturesque and comfortable. Then he crossed his anoles, while I renewed the fire, and exposed the flat, honey-combed bottoms of his prodigious foot to the grate ful warmth. " What is the matter. with the bottom of your feet and the back of your legs, that they are gouged up so."' "Infernal hilblains -- I 'caught them clear up to the back of my head, roosting out there under Nowell's farm. But I love the place; I love it as one' loves his old home. There is no peace for me like the peace I feel when I am there." We talked along for half an hour, and then I noticed that he looked tired, and spoke of it. "Tired?P" he said. "Well, I should think so. And now I will tell you all abdut it, since you have treated me so well.. I am the spirit of the petrified man that lies across the street there in the museum. I am the ghost of the Cardiff Giant. I can have no rest, no peace, till they have given that poor body burial again. Now what was the most natural thing for me to do, to makelt men satisfy this wish? Terrify them into it-haunt the place where the body lay! So I haunted. the museum night after night. I even got other spirits to help me. But it did no good, nobody ever came to the museum at midnight. Then it occurred to me to come over the way and haunt this place a little. I felt that if I got a hearing I must succeed, for I had the most efficient company that perdition could fur nish. Night after night we have shivered around through those mildowed halls, drag ging chains, groaning, whispering, tramping up and down stairs, till to toell you the truth I am almost worn out. But when I saw a light in your room to-night I roused my energies again and went at it with a deal of the old freshness. But I am tired out entirely figged out. Give me, I beseech you, give me some hope! " I lit off my porch in a state of excitement, and oxclaimed "This transcends overything every tling that over did ooour l Why you poor blundering old fossil, you have had all your trouble for nothing-you" have been haunt ing a plaster cast of yourself--the real OCr diff Giant is in Albany ! Confound it, don't you know your own remains ?'" I never saw such an eloquent look of shanmeo, of pitiable humiliation overspread a countonaneo before. The Petrified MAan rose slowly to his foot, and said " Honestly, is that true ? " " As true as I am sitting hero." Heo took the pipe from his mouth and laid it on the mantel, then stood irresolute a moment, (unconsciously, from old habit, thrusting his hands where Ihin pantaloon pockets should have boon, and meditatively dropping his chin on his broast), and finally said - " Well-I never felt so absurd before. The Potrifiod Mian has sol ovorybody olhio, and now the moan fraud has ended by seoll ing its own ghost ! My son, if there is any charity loft in your heart for a poor friond loss phantom like me, don't lot this got out. Think how you would fool if you had muldo such an ans of yourself." I heard Ihis stately tramp die away stop by stop down the stairs and out into the deserted stroot, and felt sorry that he was gone, poor follow-and saorrior still that ihe had carriedl off my red blanket and my hath-tuih. 