Oian American Letter. THE PASSAGE TO COLUMBIA. Bnrrisr COLUMBIA, Nov. 1, 1875. TIVE next began to examine into our sleeping and ,eating acom,,nodation, and found the cabin'.fdbd ad conveniences better than that .upsaly obtained in' British steamers of the same class; but the' steerage accommodation, both as to ,sleeping and eating, was simply sliaimefal. In the first place, the ill- ventilated hole that *ais, for courtesy sake, named a steerage, was completely filled with bunks, three tiers high. There were neither lockers nor forms to sit down upon, nor any table or convenience below for the use of the p ssete gers whatever, only sleeping berths. There was no separate apartment for ladies, the only attempt made at the separation of the sexes being that one end' of the steerage was given up to the married people and single women, and the other end given to the single nmen. The reader can better imagine than I can describe the scene on board of a steamer the first night at sea-crowded with passengers, and many of those passengers at sea for their first time, with no space to stand upright in, save the narrow gangway between the bunks; some frantically rushing, pale as ghosts, with their mouths firmly shut towards the com panion ladder, as if they were in dread of their dinners bursting out of their mouths; chil dren screamed, women groaned, and men swore While from the bunks were kept up a perfect deluge of American provisions, dis charged with catapaultic force, from the stomachs of the inmates. Were it not for the smell of.the bile, one would have imagined that there was a run up loft among the gods, and they, had capsized their dinners. The unlucky individual who attempted -to get along the gangways was sure to have his head amid shoulders drenched by the geysers from the top bunks, all his cost pockets would be filled from the middle bunks, and his boots from the bottom ones. Oh I it was a glorious and never-to.be-forgotten:scene, and one calou lated to cling to the memory when all reminiscences of a less startling nature are forgotten Before midnight things became h nmixeixl eneralgle , Kat?l?Yn'us'tu'rned in &niwhere; they found a vacant berth, always taking care to lay their heads in opposite directions from that of their next door neigh bour-for the bunks were so close together that they could lay in their bunks comfortably and spout.the contents off their stomachs into their neighbours' faces. Of course the oppo. site party could return the compliment. But sometimes the parties were unevenly matched, and a single individual with perhaps but little in his stomach might find himself matched against a large, full stomached man, backed up by a healthy wife and children, who could spout their discarded dinners with the precision of a rifle ball and the force of a sperm whale right into his face. In such a cris discretion was 'the 'better part of valour, and' it were better to turn, as the sailors say, end for end, and let the bombadiers pelt away at your boots. All things mundane must, however, have an end, and so must the oblations due to the god Neptune. The contents of a man's stomach cannot last for ever, and generally after the first night at sea the raging volcano within a man is too feeble to emit much lava. He contents himself with just a very slight offering indeed at the shrine of the god, and that with the air of a man who does not care a straw whether the god takes him along with his offering or not. About the third day men are generally up and looking for something to replace that waste in their system consequent upon their three days' vigils to the sea god; land'let us see what fare they find to replace the good provisions so wantonly thrown into each other's faces. Just imagine a cracked old bullock bell ringing, and you are told that's for breakfast. You ask ' Where away P' On deck the steward tells you, so you elbow your way on deck, and there, in the raw, gusty, open air, close alongside the vessel's bulwark, and subject to the sheets of spray that ever and anon plays over the vessel's bow, is slung pendant from the hurri cane deck an apology for a table. A crowd of hungry men, women, and children eagerly gather round it, and cling to its frame; and as the ship rolls and lurches, the whole mass sways backward and forward with the motion of the ship. You are at first, sight disgusted at this scramble after food, but the keen cravings of nature within you will not be gainsayed, and so you are perforce constrained to join in the scramble. You secure a place at what we shall call the table, and then con template well what is before you. You see a heap of biscuits in a large dish, and you think you can go a iurciler so nicCel ; out alas I your oraoker won't crack; it is as hard as a whin stone, and as tough as a pieco of horn-blcndo, and you begin to conceive that it is a piece of somne description of rock quarried out of the .mountaini. :Your teeth refusing to miake any impression upon this: production of nature, you next turn your attention to what has the semblance of pork. You manage to get a piece on your tin plate, and remark that it smells rank. You next try the potatoes, and after rejecting some hundreds of rotten ones, you secure one you think you ean eat.' You then again turn your attentiou to the p6rk, and find that it might have been pig once, but if ever it was it must have been when you were a very small boy indeed. You try to cut it, and find the skin is the only piirt of it that will out, the rest simply bruises like mush. You then come to the conclusion that it is not pork at all, but a piece. of flesh of the Leviathan or Mastodon preserved in the glaciers of Siberia .for these past 300,000 years or so. You next try the coffee and find it warm water, minus coffee you prefer cold water. There is no soft bread, no tresh meat (at least none after the first day), no butter, no salt beef any better than the pork, and so your breakfast is made The only thing you have got is a thorough wetting from the spray 'coming in at the open side of the vessel. - You will find dinner and supper the same. You then curse your im providence in throwing into your neighbour's face a stomach-full of good provisions, without first knowing were you were to get more. Your'next question is as to the distance you have travelled from San Francisco, and find that in three days' steaming you have made about' 100 miles per day. You know you have other 450 to go to Victoria, and then you swear. I lh ve said before that the cabin fare was', something better, but the passengers odila not get enough of it; they were so uncivilly treated that they often had to go hungry. After paying so much attention to our individual wauts, let us have a look at the land. As has already been indicated, our boat was a slow coach-three knots an hour was her speed at most times, and if she managed six we fancied her flying. The weather on the whole was flue, and going so slow, and what. wind there was being a head one, we, huggedthe .land' all. the time, and thus had an excellent view of the coast from the Golden Gateiright up as far as California extends. The coast range of mountains abut upon the Pacific Ocean-indeed, the coast line is little else than a succession of steep declivi ties and abrupt crags. The whole contour of the country is utter barreness, some places being even devoid of scrubs and bushes. There is occasionally a level spot and a landing-place, but the former is only of very limited extent, and the latter is anything but commodious. But wherever there is a level spot or an approach to it there is a farm, or as a farm is termed here, a "ranch.' Indeed, there are houses and fences in such positions along the coast line as to gire one the idea that good land is scarce, otherwise the present sites would not have been occupied for many years to come. Of course, we did not see all the coast, and may have passed some good looking country in the night; and, again, there are such places along this line as Bodyer Bay, Petaluma, and the H?umbolt district, that we know are good farming localities. After leaving the Borders of California the habitations become less and less, until at last the signs of civilization almost cease. The Oregon country is of the same rugged aspect, though not so barren-looking. The hills, though steep, are hooded to the very tops, and, in such places as have been cleared by bush fires, a beautiful green sward caps the hills. There are a few small settlements scattered here and there along the coast, such as Ellensburgh, Port Orford, Coquille, Ran dolph, Marshall, and othera. A great part of the coast of Oregon is, however, as yet in a state of nature, and such is the formation of the country that it must remain so for ever. There is, however, in the 3rl ?rf',*^n" rio tle ~~fIbmfi-l. A fog, which hangs during the summer months along the whole coast, effectually shut Washington Territory coast line out from our view, but I am informed it partakes of the same character as that of Oregon and California. (To be continued.) 