CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE^ VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE, si. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAX. On Sunday last, the Rev. D. P. Barry, O.S.B., preached a sermon in the Church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond, at the eleven o'clock Mass, on the subject of the Vitality of the Church, in aid of the building fund of St. Patrick's Cathedral. The preacher commenced by speaking of the sacrifice of Christ upon Mount Calvary, and the smallnees of its immediate effects upon mankind, most of whom knew absolutely nothing about it. The work which the ApostleB of Christ had to undertake was, humanly speaking, a vast one—to bring the CseBars from their thrones to the foot of the cross. There were three classes of unbelievers which the preachers of the gospel, after the Church had been established, had to contend against, viz., atheists, who could not see God in Nature ; infidels, who did not recognise the Son of God in the person of Christ; and heretics within the Church, who revolted against her doctrines and authority. ID speaking of the first of those three classes, the preacher said that God speaks so apparently in Nature that anyone who denies His existence must be ignorant or illogical. He related incidentally an anecdote of an atheist who undertook to deliver six instructions in the house of a Catholic countess, before an assembly of ladles. They began on a Monday and were continued till the Saturday, but with a totally different end from that which he anticipated. At the close of the series of instructions, the lecturer said, " Madame countess and ladies, I erceive I am the only person in this Eouse who enjoys the distinction of not believing in the existence of God." The oounteBS replied that he was mistaken ; " the cats, dogs, and horses were of the same mind with him." The preacher, referring to infidelity in the divinity of Christ, quoted the testimony of even J. J. Rousseau, in favour of the excellence of the life and nobility of the death of our Saviour; and alluding to true religion as it was to be found in the Catholic Church, cited the words of Pascal, who says: " Religion is of suchvastimportance for man that those who will not honestly and industriously find it out for themselves deserve to have it hidden from them." God speaks abroad in Nature unmistakeably; in His adorable Son Jesus convincingly; and in His Church most clearly. The external vitality of the Church was not testified to by those alone who held membership with her, but by men of thought and learning outside her pale, like Guizot, Lord Macaulay, Leckie, and James Anthony Froude, who spoke in unmeasured terms of her majesty, beauty, and admirable construction. The Church grasps the whole man—his reason, intellect, and affections ; and thus it was that she attracts daily to her bosom men the most profound, learned and honest—men like Professor Phillips, who filled the chair of history at Berlin; some of the foremost mental philosophers in Germany; and the most eminent students of political economy; whose investigations of history, mental philosophy, and the economy of nations brought them out good and sincere Catholics. As Pascal said, men could not fail to find the truth if they sought it earnestly, although they had not always the grace to embrace it. The preacher referred to the order and economy of the' government of the Church, and then said that the fate of those heresiarchs who from time to time rose up against and separated themselves from the Church, was the disruption of their party, diseentions amongst their followers, the deoay and death of their new tenets. On the other hand, the fathers of the Church •were unequalled in the history of the world for their learning and sanctity, and were equally remarkable for their submission to the authority of the Church. The common spirit of those great men was exemplified in the well-known dispute between St. Augustine and St. Jerome ; the humility with which those great contending intellects received the decision of supreme authority ; and the declaration of St. Augustine—"Rome has spoken; the cause is at an end." The Church is a mighty living fact, and it is the part of reasonable men to deal witir her as such. The cause of this vitality of the Catholic Church is this, that the promise of Christ that the Holy Spirit of God should for ever remain with her has been fulfilled to the present, and will be fulfilled to the end. The preacher compared the creation of the Church by Christ to the creation'of man by Almighty God. God created man from the earth, and then breathed into him a living spirit; Christ, in creating the Church, took as it were the clay of mankind—the fe&ble; and ignorant—and see what a wondrous foundation Se gave it! And then breathing upon it He imparted to it a spirit which it had not known before, and sent that spirit into the whole world to " preach the gospel to every creature." The success with which this command of Christ was carried out was miraculous. Only one hundred years after the teaching of our Lord, St. Ireneus declared that the Church had extended to parts where the Roman eagle had never flown. The. very means which Christ selected for the foundation and extension of His Church was a proof of her divinity. From a worldly point of view, if Christ possessed the smallest share of wisdom, prudence, and philosophy, He would not have selected the means which He did : as man, it was the height of folly, but as God, it was the depth of wisdom. At the present day was to be found the same fatal diversity of opinion regarding the character of Christ as existed when our Lord asked His disciples, " Whom do men say that I am ?" Behold the answer of him who was to give faith to the world for all time to the ends of the earth—" Thou art Christ, the Son of the Living God." It wps the custom amongst the ancient Romans, as well as it is amongst ourselves, for men who did remarkable deeds, or were raised to important positions, to have their names or titles changed, and our Lord, on this occasion of Peter's profession of faith, changed the name of Peter from the " Son of John" to a rock or stone. Here was the formation of the Church, and the chain of Peter's successors had never been broken. There had been, sad to say, bad patriarchs, bishops, and priests, who had taught false doctrines, but if his hearers couid point out to the preacher the definition of one Pope, which was contrary to faith or morality, he wouldacknowledge that the church had failed. There had been some Popes whose private lives had not been what thay ought to be, but if the Lord Chancellor of England propounded sound law from the judgment Beat, was it any reason that it should not be accepted because he did not live up to it ? The Pope for his faith is accountable to the Church, and for his morality he is accountable to God and his conscience. The Church might be compared to a lighthouse {which Almighty God had plaped upon the shores of time. Its base was buffeted by the spray and foam of a thousand human passions; but let us raise our eyes to its pinnacle, and then over the ocean of time, and we saw that it burned clearly with the spirit of God. "A pillar of fire by night, arid cloud by day," to guide us to the Land of Promise. Take God away from the Church and the converse of Lord Macaulay's famous prophecy would soon be verified —the traveller from New Zealand would take his stand in Rome to sketch the broken arch of the Papacy. Referring to the object of the collection about to be made, the preacher said that when a, photograph of St. Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne was shown at Rome, the authorities were astonished that such a splendid testimony of faith should be rising up amongst us in this young colony. The other day, when the preacher was showing the church to a Protestant gentleman, the latter, when he viewed the noble pillars supporting the magnificent edifice, exclaimed, " What a wondrous faith ! what a wondrous faith !" The building was going on very slowly, and the people were not much troubled with appeals for it. The Vicar-General, who had charge of the building, was very delicate in making appeals for it. There was na society and no combination to obtain funds for it; the Vicar-General left it entirely to the Catholic sentiment and the patriotic feeling of the people. The collection amounted to £20. It is anticipated that after Father Barry has waited upon some of the residents of Richmond, a handsome sum will have been subscribed by the congregation of St. Ignatius' towards the building fund of the Cathedral. THE CHRISTIAN BROTHERS. We regret to learn that the four Christian Brothers who sailed from Liverpool for Melbourne, on board the Melanope, on the 23rd September last, were obliged to put back into port, as the vessel was dismasted and almost wrecked in the Bay of Biscay. Fortunately, no lives were lost. The Brothers again sailed on the 20th October, by the Marpesia, and may therefore be expected to arrive in Melbourne about the middle of Januarv. 1877\. ' " THE QUAKANT ORE AT ABBOT8FORD. The solemn oeremonies of the Quarant Ore, or forty hours devotion, commenced at the Convent of the Good Shepherd, Abbotsford, on Friday morning, Feast of the Immaculate Conception. Mass began at 10 o'clock, his Grace the Archbishop presiding ; the Very Rev. Archpriest O'Meara was oelebrant, Rev. T. Donaghy, deacon; and Rev. W. Kelly, S..T., sub- deacon. The procession, in which the inmates of the various institutions under the charge of the Nuns took part, then moved from the nothern gate of the church through the convent grounds; the array of children of every size, the penitents, the banners, and the admirable order with which all was conducted, presented a sight edifying and interesting in an unusual degree. The devotions were brought to a close on Sunday at 2 p.m. ; the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., officiated in the absence of his Grace, who, as elsewhere notified, was engaged giving Confirmation and dosing the mission at Epping. The Rev. J. O'Malley, S.J., delivered an eloquent discourse. There were present also the Very Rev. the Archpriest, Rev. M. Carroll, master of the ceremonies; Rev. M. Watson, S.J., and Rev. W. Kelly, S.J, The numerous inmates availed themselves with great fervour of the opportunity thus afforded them of adoring Our Blessed Lord in the Sacra ment of His love, and attended with constancy and devotion at the church during the forty hours. EMERALD HILL CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. The above society held a very successful meeting last Monday in the S.S. Peter and Paul's schoolroom, Mr. J. C. Dillon, the vice-president in the chair. One new member was admitted, and several proposed. A programme for the ensuing two months was submitted for approval by the hon. secretary, Mr. J. Sheehan,~and unanimously adopted. The most important item is a debate to take place on next Monday, on the question "Is novel reading beneficial." It was resolved to request the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan to lecture on some future occasion. After some routine business and a cordial vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting closed. EPPING. For some time past the people of Epping have been preparing for the coming of his Grace the Archbishop to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation. The Very Rev. Dean O'Hea had suggested to the Epping portion of his flock that they would best show their affectionate welcome to his Grace by completing the interior decoration of their church BO that it might be rendered more fit for divine service. They set to work vigorously, and have effectively carried out the wishes of their pastor. In order that the day might be a day of benediction not only for the children but also for all the people of the district, Father Cahill was called on by the Dean to give a mission during the week in Epping Church. Two instructions were given each day, and were well attended. The fruit of the spiritual exercises was manifest from the numbers that thronged during the week to the altar rails. On Sunday, after his Grace had arrived, accompanied by Father Donoghy, the children were assembled by Father Dowling, and entered the church in procession. The sparkle of their white dresses and flowers gave the scene a festive air, which was enhanced by the lively strains of the Coburg choir commemorating the faith of our fathers, the Blessed Sacrament, and the glories of Mary Immaculate. Then the well-known voice, heard for so many years in city, town, and village through Victoria, was raised once more to tell of the first descent of the Holy Ghost, and to explain the mystic rite by which the same divine spirit with His sevenfold gift is imparted to the faithful in the Catholic Church, even to the end of ages. The ceremony was then proceeded with, and confirmation given to 165 persons, Mrs. Frewen and Mr. Eugene McLoughlin acting as sponsors. His Grace was greatly pleased with the efforts the people are making to beautify their church, which now, indeed, must become dearer to them, since it will be the remembrancer of the many graces they have just received within its hallowed walls. After exchanging congratulations on the success of the day, the congregation slowly scattered to their homes, bearing away joyful recollections, which will never fade from memory. DAYLESFORD. Friday last, being the Feast of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary (though not a holiday of obligation), was observed as such by nearly all the Catholic people here. It was the occasion of a number of children approaching Holy Communion for the first time, and I was glad to hear that on the two succeeding days an equal number received First Communion at Bullarook Forest and Mount Prospect churches. These children have been under instruction during the past twelve months. The great feature of that day was the presence of the Children of Mary, numbering 70, who formed a nice prooession after Mass, singing the Litany as they marched round the church. Sunday last was Hospital Sunday at Mount Prospect. It had been previously announced and advertised, and the weather being all that could be deBired the church was crowded. .The Daylesford choir attended and sipig Haydn's first Mass in excellent style, Miss Dyer,' with her well-known ability,, acting as organist. .The following ladies and gentlemen performed then: parts well:—Misses Long and Devlin Messrs. Bellengraph and Dyer. Father Gough preached an effective sermon from the gospel of the day, and his strong appeal was liberally'responded to by the good people of Mount Prospect. (From our Geelong Correspondent.} FEA8T OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION. Friday, the 8th inst., being the Feast of the Immaculate Conception cf the Blessed Virgin, was observed as a day of special devotion. A large congregation assembled at the eight o'clock Mass at St. Mary's, which was celebrated by the Venerable the Archdeacon. The number of communicants was also very large. CHRISTIAN DOCTRINE SOCIETY. There was an excellent attendance of members at the monthly meeting of this society, which was held on Wednesday evening, the 6th inst., the Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., presiding. The reports from the various Sundayschools for the month of November, showed that the attendance of teachers and children during the month was very satisfactory. Final arrangements were made for the successful carrying out of the annual pionic, which is to take place on the 3rd January next. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. The members of this association assembled as usual on Friday evening, the 8th inst. ; the president, Mr. P. Wiley, in the chair. The desirability of revising the library catalogue during the Christmas recess was brought under the noticfe of the meeting, and a sub-committee was appointed for the pui-pose, with instructions to report generally upon the condition of the library. Messrs. Murphy and Trait were appointed auditors for the ensuing session. The routine business having been transacted, readings and recitations were indulged in, the elocutionary efforts of several of the members being deservedly applauded. 