THE HAUNTED HOUSE, OR THE SHADOW AT' RIVER HALL, BHr ns, J. H. I?DsolL, AUTrno or F A Lre'B AsslZr, Gruaos GErrU, &c.; CHAPTER XII (CONTINUED). "'I DnoN'T think he can" I replied. 'He has seen the usual appearances which I believe it is correct to see at River Hall; but so far, they have added nothing to his previousaknowledge.' "' He as seen, you say ?' " ' Yeas; all the orthodox lions of that ohbeerful house." "'And still he is not daunted-he is not afraid ?' " ' Heis not afraid. Honestly, put ting ghosts entirely on one side, 1 'should noe care to be in his shoes, al alone in a lonely house.' " ' And you would be right, sir,' was the answer. 'A man must be mad to run such a risk.' " ' So I told him,' I agreed. "'Why, I would not stay in that house alone fo, any money which could be offered to me,' he went on eagerly. "'I cannot go so far as that.' I said, 'but still it must be a very large sum which could induce me to do so.' "'It ought to be pulled down, sir,' he continued; ' the walls ought to be razed to the ground.' " 'I suppose they will,' I answered, when Mliss Elmsdale, theo owner, come', of age; unh is, indeed, our modern Don Quixote runs tho ghost to earth by that time.' "' Did you say the young man was ill?' asked my companion. "' Ile has got a cold,' I answered. "' And colds are nasty things to got rid of,' he commented, ' particularly in these low-lying localities. This is a most unheslthy part; you ought to or der your patient a thorough change of air. "'1have, but he won't take advice,' was my reply. ' He has nailed his col ours to the mast, and meaons, I believe to stay in River Hall till he kills the ghost or the ghost kills him.' "' What a foolish youth." "'Undoubtedly; but, then, youth is generally foolish, and we have all our crotchets.' " 'We had reached the other side of the bridge by this time, and saying his road lay in an opposite direction to mine, the gentleman I have sketched told me the nearest "say to take, and bade me a tivil good night, adding, ' I suppose I ought to say good morning.' " " And is that all ?" I asked as Munro pnn,,rsl. uBide a weeo, as the So tch say, my son. I strode otl along Lee road he iu dicated, and then instead of making the detour he had kindly sketched out for my benefit, chose the first turning to my left, and, quite convinced he would soon pass that way, toon up my position in the portico of a house which lay well in shadow. It stood a little bhack from the side-path, and a poorlittle Arab sleeping on the stone step proved to me that the policeman was not over and above vigil ant in that neighbourhood. * I waited, Heacen only knows how long, thinking all the time I must be mistaken, and that his home did lie in the direction he took; but at last, look ing out between the pillars and the con cealing shrubs, I saw him. He was looking eagerly into the distance, wth such a drawn, worn, painful expression, that for a moment my heart relented, and I thought I would lot the poor devil co in peace. " I otws only for a moment, however, and touching the sleeping boy, I bade him wake if he wanted a shilling. ' Keep that gentleman in sight, and get to know for me where he lives, and come backl to here, and I will give you a shilling and perhaps two for your pains.' "VWith his eyes still heavy with slumber, and his perceptions for the moment dulled, he sped after the figure, limping wearily on. I saw him ask my late companion for charity, and follow the gentleman for a few steps, when tthe latter, threatening him with a sliok, the boy dodged to escape a blow, and then, by way of showing lhow lightly his bosom's lord sat upon him, began turn ing wheels down the middle of the street. oe passed the place where I stood, and spun a hundred feet further, then he gathered himself together, and seeing ino one in sight, stealthily crept back to his porch again " L You young rascal,' T. said, ' I told you to follow him home. I want to know his namne and address particularly.' "'Come alone, then,' he,answered, 'and I'll show you Bless you, we all knows hinm- better than we do the police, or anybody here shabouts. He's a beak and ward up at the church, what ever that is, and he has building yards as big,.oh I as big as two workhouses, and " His name, Munro-his name?" I gasped. " Harringford." I expected it I knew then that for days and weeks my suspicions had been vaguely connecting Mr Hlrringford with the mystery of the Haunted House This was the hiding figure in my dream, the link hitherto wanting in my reveries concerning River Hall. I had been looking for this- waiting for it; I underitood at last ; and yet, when Munro mentioned the name of the man who had thought it worth his while to watch my movements, I shrunk from the conclusion which forced itself upon me. " Must we go on to the end of this affair ?" I asked, after a pause, and 1m voice was so changed, it sounded lilj that of a stranger to me. 'o be continued Jesting a Posteriori.-A Brooklyn bill col lector, who had been kicked off the front stoop by a debtor's wife, explained his sensa tion by observing that it wasn't so much the quality of the thing that astonished him as the ,quantity. 