THE TERRORS OF CHILDHOOD. in the nature of many children exists capacity of terror equalled in its intensity only by the reticence which conceals it. The fear of ridicule is strong in these sensitive small souls, but even that is inadequate to account for the silent agony with which they hug the secret of their fear, enduring a martyrdom which recalls that of the Spartan boy with the fox gnawing Kia entrails. Nursery and schoolroom authorities, fonder of power than of principle, find their account in both these tendencies, and it is marvellous to what a point tyranny may be exercised by means of their double influence over children, the sufferers never having recourse to the higher parental authority by which they would be delivered from the nightmare of silent terror imposed upon them. The objects that excite the fears of children are often as curious and un I accountable as their secret intensity. A child four years of age, who was accustomed to be put in bed in a dressing-room opening into her mother's room, and near the nursery, and was left to go to sleep alone, from a desire that she should not be watched and lighted to sleep (or in fact kept awake), after a very common nursery practice, endured this discipline without a re- monstrance, and only years afterwards informed her mother that she never was so left in her little bed alone in the darkness, without a full conviction that a large black dog was lying underneath it, which for rible imagination she never so much as hinted at, or besought for light or companionship to dispel. Miss Martineau told me once that a special object of horror to her, when she was a child, wore the colours of the prism, a thing in itself so beautiful that it is difficult to conceive how any imagination could be painfully impressed by it but her terror of those magical colours was such that she used to rush past the room, even when the door was closed, where she had seen them reflected from the chandelier by the sunlight on the wall. A bright, clever boy of nine, by no means particularly nervous or timid, told me once that the whole story of Aladdin was frightful to him, but he never was able to explain why it made this impression upon him. A very curious instance of strong nervous apprehension, not, however, in any way connected with Supernatural terror, occurred to a young girl about eight years old, the daughter of a friend of mine. The mother, the gentlest and most reasonably indulgent of parents, sent her upstairs for her watch, cautioning her not to let it fall ; the child, by her own account, stood at the top of the stairs with the watch in her hand till the conviction that she certainly should let it fall took such dreadful and" complete possession of her that she dashed it down, and then came in a paroxysm of the most distressing nervous excitement to tell her mother what she had done. The most singular instance I over know. however, of unaccountable terror produced in a child's mind by the pure action of its imagination was that of a little boy who overheard a conversation between his mother and a friend upon the subject of the purchase of some stuff, which she had not bought, "because," said she, ('It was oil wide." The words '< ell wide," perfectly in- comprehensible to the child, seized upon his fancy and produced some indigo of terror, by which for a long time his poor little mind was haunted. Certainly this is a powerful instance, among innumerable awL striking ones, the fact that the fears of children are by no means the result of the objects of alarm suggested to them by the ghost stories, bogeys, etc., of foolish servants and companions ; they quite as often select or create their terrors for themselves, from sources so inconceivably strange that all precau- tion proves ineffectual! to protect them from this innate tendency of the imaginative faculty. This oil wide horror is like something in a German story. The strange aversion, coupled with a sort of mysterious terror, for beautiful and agreeable, or even quite commonplace objects, is one of the secrets of the profound impression which the German writers of fiction produce It belongs peculiarly to their national genius, some of whose most striking and thrilling conceptions are pervaded with this peculiar form of the sentiment of fear. Hoffman and Beck are especially powerful in their use of it, and contrive to give a character of vague mystery to simple details of prosaic events and objects, to be found in no work; of all-'.' fiction. The terrible conception of the Doppel- danger, which exists in a modified form as the wealth of a Scottish legendary superstition, is rendered infinitely more appalling by been. taken out of its misty Highland half-light of visionary indefiniteness, and produced in frock coat and trousers, in all the shocking distinct- ness of commonplace, everyday contemporary life The Germans are the only people whose imaginative faculty can cope with the homeliest forms of reality, and infuse into them vagueness, that element of horror most alien from familiar things (for even the copy-book knows that familiarity breeds contempt"). That they may be tragic enough we know, but that they have in them a mysterious element of horror, of quite indefinite depth, German writers alone know how to make us feel. Their power of allaying the profoundly awful with the perfectly commonplace seems akin to their faculty of combining sentiment and sausage eating By Fanny Kemble in the Atlantic Monthly. 