The Death Cry. Upon- tho last night of my visit, not feel ing inclined to sleep, I went down stairs to read again in the library, when tho rest of our party had all, as I believed, gone to their rooms for the night. It was one o'clock, when I at length began to feel sleepy : so I then went softiy upstairs; Upon reaching the gallery, how ever, all desire for sleep vanished, for — I was now facing the door of my own room , remember —to nay utter aniazmcnt, I saw O'Neill omcrgc from the door of the boudoir. Ho wns careful to noiselessly close it behind him, ho was in his dressing gowD. and his shoeless feet made not the faintest pound upon the BOft carpet. I confess that the sudden sur prise, and tho suspicion which just swept through my mind, made, me almost giddy. Ho must have scon mo quite as soon as I saw him, for I osrricd a light and so did ho He cnmc on to meet me smiling. " Whore in tho world havo you been, Hugh 7 1 ho said, without a shade of embarrassment, "I have just been to your room to look for you. What's tho matter 7 you look quite pale 1" " To look for . me f " I said, bewildered, and wondering in my own mind if my sleepy « eyes had deceived me. " To look for me 7 You did not oome out of my room surely 1 It was the other door ; Miss — " " Good heavens, D' Alton, are you mad or nslcep ?" he cried in an angry whisper, and seizing me by the shoulder, "take care how you mention a lady's name in that mannor. I was in your room — yours, and no other. Good night ; you must he more than half asleep to make .such a blunder." And lie passed on with a glance which seemed to me to say, " take oare how you contradict me." I went to my room, noxious to beliovo my- se'f uuder a delusion ; but there I found nothing to tell if what Harry had said was true. Had I gone to the boudoir, I wondered ' should I have found" any trace »f Ms pK- senco? I went into th c r.gatn, just as if by looking about me there I should be able to satisfy myself. Of course I found nothing except a withered rose, which had been dropped at tho dressing-room door, How came tho flower there 7 I do not know to this hour. Harry had on his dressing-gown, a garmont which gentlemen do not usually de corate with flowers. I went to bed, and gave tho matter ap as ono of the thousand un- revealed mysteries which daily. occur in onr lives. The days went, and at Inst, to my infinite joy, Adelaide Lomax and her mother left tho Manor. O'Neill went with them to Dublin, but ho stayed away ono night only, " just to sec them off," he said. Then tho bright soft spring weather hurst upon us suddenly, and it was welcome after the severity of tho winter : and I heard that the wedding day was fixed for (ho end of April, I heard the news with that Bud- den contraction of the heart, nnd that whirl round of the brain, which wo all know so well. But what could I do 7 I loved Norahwitli a love strong cnongh to havo led mo willingly to death for her sake, but could that avail. Silent I had been and silont must I bo for over ; but heaven and my ownjhcarl knew what Isuffered when she looked from thecarringo window in which sho and her husband were about to start upon their wedding tour, and waved her last " good bye " to the friends who crowded at the door of the Manor House to see tho " happy pair off." " Will sho smile like that a year hence 7" I said to myself bitterly, ns I recalled the strange nnd still nnexplnined cry which had so frightened her, and O'Neill's mysterious appearcnco at tho door of his guest's bou doir. The maninge took place iu April ; in May, Mr. and Mrs. O'Neill were in London, Norah was presented nnd I heard from Lady Mary that Bhe nnd Harry were enjoying themselves immensely, and also that they siV? ilrd. hbd Miss Lomax freqtlfcntly. Thnt.pnrtieular item.ofnewa did rot delight me j but still less was I pleased to hear that in October tho mother and daughter wore to pay a second visit to Randleston Manor, In July the young people came home, and I thought Norah waa looking jaded, anxious ani ill ;she appeared too, to be decidedly low spirits. I said as mnch to Lady Mary : but I was given to understand that she had felt the heat and fatigue of London rather over- Sowcring, and that Harry had brought her omo ns there were " reasons" why sho should " for the present" be kept as qpiet - as possible. I supposed it was with a view to tho proper carrying out of that Harry _ went to London alone a week or two after his re- turn with Norah ' but his absence had not a very soothing eflfetJ'' upon her, for every time I saw her, tho alteration in her looks for the worse became mOre perceptible. Moro than once she asked, w'ti. . an earnest ness in which there wns no hiddeii jest, if I had ever heard theBansliee since that even ing. I was able with perfect truth to ossurd her that I had not. At last, in August, Harry enmo back ; I. bad the miserablo pleasure of seeing how his young wife revived in his presence, and! I tried not to think ho was a hypocrite when I saw him humoring all her invalid fancies as a devoted lover husband should do. As October drew near I asked her if Mrs. Lomnx and her daughter were expected j nnd I shall never forget the expression of her face a3 she answered : " I believe i I do not foci quite equal to visitors just.: now but Horry does not wish to have them put off, ' So they came,' Adelaide looking more radiantly lovely than ever ; such a contrast to poor pale Norah. I frankly admit that' I felt a most unchristian-likc aversion to that brilliant-looking woman, so full of health nnd spirit, so condescending in her kindness to " our poor dear invalid," as she would persist in calling Mrs. O'Neill. As to Harry himself, he wasoompletely infatuated' I saw his state of bandage if ether eyes were blind. But the end was at hand. We were all at luncheon tqgether one love ly afternoon towards tho end of October, whoa a telegram came to Harry summoning him to town, 11 What a bore I" he said, with a quick glance at Miss Lomax | he never looked at his wife ; she was lying on _ a sofa drawn up to one of the windows, with her luncheon untested upon n small table beside her, and her thin white hands folded listless ly upon tho scarlet shawl which covered her, " What a bore 1" O'Neill repeated. " I must go up by tho last train ; and wo had planned such a glorious ride to morrow." 11 When can you he back, Harry 7' said Norah'slow voice from the sofa. " As soon as possible, you may be sore, he answered, with another quick glance at Miss Lomax. - ' And thon luncheon was over and theparty j;'tw ,-sed. A portiere separated the dining room frdiu the library, nnd through this ifis. Lomax disappeared alone. I went with a bob to a distant window; my back was to Norah'" sofa, and I facedthe portiere. Harry went /way to give some orders, he said. Lady Mnrystajed for a mo ment with her daughter-in-laW, and then she So, went away. I do not think Mrs.ONeill knew or remembered that I was in thw room, for she never spoke. , In about half an hour Harry enmo in again. " Well, little woman," he said, going over to the sofa and taking the hand so eagerly stretched out to him by Norah, " how goes it 7 Do you feel pretty jolly this after noon 7" , ,, . , . _ ' As he spoke my eyes were attracted by c|v utious movement'' of the drapery of the mm tiCFCt , J should bs jollier if you were not going away, Harry," the sweet voice re plied. ' . " You gooBe I" he answered, stooping 'and kissing her in a brisk friendly manner: upon the forehead. " Haven't you learned to do without me yet 7 You will know bet- kNcvcr |" she said with quiet distinct ness, and theM were tears in her voice.' Then presently she added, /Oan you really- come back soon, Harry 7 How S M), in a day or two j I'll teldgrpph '. We have a big dinner on tha 31st, yoK know ; so I must be hero. Don't you get into a fright and think I'm kilt, and never mind if your friend tho Banshee screams. Naught waa never in danger yon know." ' ' "Harry," sho cried earnestly, and as' she spoke she rose and flung her armB about him "do not talk like that ; you have alwnyB laughed at me about that awful cry. I have heord it twice, I know I have ; nnd if I hear it again now, while' yon are away, it will come to tell me that I shall never see you again. Do not laugh, Harry; I- feel sure that the the third time, let it come when it will, the blow will fall in Borne shape or other, Heaven grant that it may fall upon me." My eyes were still upon the portiere ; how I longed to pull it aside and reveal an unseen listener I Harry's answer to those pathetic words was another laugh. " You are a goose 1" he said. " I suppose you mean to throw yourself into the lake if you ' hear a disconsolate oat caterwauling while I am avrny, and — " " Prav, pray do not laugh," sho interrupt ed pleadingly." " I may be a goose, aB you say : but I' have a presentiment, which nothing can dispel, that I shall hear that cry a third time, nnd if I do, Harry, :we Bhall never meet again. I hope you will be left, dear ; you would get on better without Norah than Norah would without you. Ah I know it but too well 1" " My poor little darling I" he answered, wjth unusual tenderness ; ho scorned really thuehed, and he did not repulse- her as she clung to him and sobbed upon his breast. Without seeing me he passed through tho portiere, where tho woman was awaiting him whose presence was blighting tho hap- > piness of his young wife. That evening I dined at the Manor ; but I Norah did not appear ; she was tired, Lady Mary Baid. Mibs Lomax was in excellent 'spirits, and marvellously civil to mo (sho generally treated me with indiffer ence) ; challenged mo to a gamo of bcziquo, won with A triumphant score of over 1000 in two deals and then threw up the cards. When, half an hour later. i said good night to every one, she was not in tho room. , It wns a lovely night, calm and warm, with a bright moon. I stood on tho.steps of the terrace for a few seconds before start ing on my homeward walk to admire the the shimmering light upon Longh Ncngh, and the soft radiance which brightened the old walls of S — 's castle, the ancient home of the O'Neills. The manor' was on the opposite side of tho lake from the castle, and I had fallen into a fit of. musing, when I was startled by what seemed to mo a faint and subdued imitation of tho wild cry which had terrified Norah some months be fore. I listened ; it was repeated still more faintly, and it seemed to come from the angle of the house at my right hand. I went quickly round, and to my intense sur prise, almost rati against Miss Lomax. She was sitting on the low step of a glass door, which led from the dining-room, and had I not seen her I might have been excused for taking her for a ghost, for she was wrapped from head to foot in a large whito shawl. " Good gracious, Mr. D'Alton, how you frightened me I" she said almost crossly, and sho did look very pnlc in the moonlight. " Do you nlways go literally mooning about in this way, instead of going homo like a sensible man. 7" " And may I ask what you are doing hero alone?" I replied. "I waa on my way home when I heard a strango sort of cry ; it was faint. Did you hear anything 7" " I never hear cries," she answered pettishly. " The Banshee again, I suppose. Well, let her cry ; she will not frighten anv ono." " Except Mrs. O'Neill." 3b be continued .) 