FEMALE MINISTRY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-We are met on every hand by the enquiry, " By what authority doest thou these things ?" and public opinion is opposed to "women speaking," upon the supposition " she has no divine authority." but is forbidden by an apostle. Allow me the privilege of publishing through the columns of your journal upon what grounds " Woman's right " to preach the Gospel can be proved. Those passages of scripture generally quoted to prove women's prohibition from preaching are contained in St. Paul's epistle to 1 Corinthians, xiv., 34, 35, and 1 Timothy, ii., 12, in which the apostle declares that women are commanded " to be under obedience," " not to usurp authority over the man," but to be in subjection, Now these words plainly indicate that women are to hold no office, neither exercise any power in the government of the church, or have her voice in church matters, but to learn of her husband at home. But will any in the light of other scripture affirm that these words forbid women preaching the truth, and bearing her humble testimony to the power and grace of Christ? If so, how thou shall we reconcile the teaching of St. Paul with that promise of the Father, found in the book of Joel, ii., 28 and 29, in which distinct mention is made of prophesying by "Daughters and handmaids." This promise was fulfilled at Pentecost when the " women," with the brethren, made prayer and supplication until they were all " filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues," Act i., 14, ii., 4. Lot no one suppose this is the only recorded instance of " women preaching." St. Paul and his company a few days previous to going up to Jerusalem, visited the house of Philip, the evangelist, " and this man had four daughters, virgins, who did prophesy." But no mention is made of Paul forbidding these women from preaching, although he carried there many days, Acts, xix, 8, 9. But does not the apostle Paul " authorise" women to preach when he gives direction? as to her retirement when praying or prophesying ? 1 Corinthians, xi., 5. And does he not also require that " Priscilla and Aquila " be greeted as "Helpers in Christ Jesus ?" also " commending Phobe " as a servant of the Church at Cenchrea," Romans, xvi,, 1, 3. Did not our Saviour deliver to a woman the most precious and important of all commissions, viz., to publish his " resurrection and ascension," John, xx" 17, 18. And does not her ministry in the Gospel bear the broad seal of heaven's approbation ? Many believed for the saying of the woman," is not only true in the case of the Samaritan woman, but of hundreds who since then have extended the Redeemer's kingdom, by their ardent zeal, burning sympathies, and self exhausting labours in the Gospel. The names of Fletcher, Fry, Hooper, Booth, Guinness, and a host of others are names of women who have laboured with success in preaching the Gospel. So that, however little " public opinion may favour this work, there are such encouraging facts upon record, and such plain revelations of God's will as may prevent any sister in Christ from being hindered in telling the story of the cross. I am, dear sir, yours etc. THOS. W. CAMERON, City Missionary. 