THE HAUNTED HOUSE, on THE SHADOW AT RIVERFHALL BT Mae. J. H. HRIDDELL, AUTOB or A Lire's ASSlZE, GEOROE GrITa, AC. CHAPTER XI (COOTINUED.) IT wqs of no use for me to express any further opinion upon tihe matter. Ifelt if I talked for a thousand years I should still fail to convince my listener there was anything supernatural in the ap pearances beheld at River Hall. It is so easy to pooh-pooh another man's tale; it is pleasant to explain every phdnomenon that the speaker has never witnessed; it is so hald to credit that anything absolutely unaccountabls on natural grounds has been witnessed by your dearest friend, that, knowing my only chance of keeping my temper and preventing Munro gaining a victory over me was to maintain a discreet silence, I let him talk on and strive to account for the appearances I had wit nessed in his own way. " Your nequaintanco o1 the halting gait and high shoulder may or might have some hand in the affair," he finished. My own opilnion is he has not. The notion that you are being watched, is, if my view of the matter may be cor reet, only a further development of the nervous excitement whieh has played you all sort of fantastic tricks since you came to this house. If anybody does wander through the gardens, I should aet him down-as a monomanian or an intending burglar, and in any ease the very boat thing you can do is to pack up your traps and leave River Hall to its fate." I did not answer; indeed I felt too sick at heart to do so. What be said was what other people would say. If I could not envolve some clearer theory than I had yet been able to hit on, I should be compelled to leave tile mys tery of River Ball just as 1 had found it Miss Blalke had, I knew, written to Mr. Craven that the house had better be let again, as there " was no use in hiskeeping a clerk there in free lodg ings for ever": and now came Nod Monnro, with his wordly wisdomn, to as sure ome mino was a wild-goose chase, and that the only sensible course for me to pursue was to abandon it altogether. For the first time I felt disheartened about the business, and I suppose I -showed my disappointment, for Munro, drawing his chair nearer to me, laid a friendly hand on my shoulder and said : " Cheer up, IHarry I never look so downhearted because your nervous sys tem has been playing you false. It was a plucky thing to do, and to carry out; but yon have suffered enongh for honour, and, I should not continue the experiment of trying how much you can suffer, were I in your shoes," "You are very kind, Munro." I answered; " but I cannot give up. If I had all the wish in the world, a will stronger than my own would bring me back here to-morrow. The place haunts me. Believe me, I suffer less from its influnence, seated in this room, than when I am in the office or walking along the Strand." "Upon the same principle, I suppose that a murderer always carries the memory of his victim's face about with with him; though hlie may have felt cal ously indifferaut whilst the body was in satual presence." "Precisely," I agreed. " But then my dear fellow, you are not a murderer in any sense of the word. You did not create the ghosts supposed to be resident here." "No; but I feel bound to find ost who did," I answered. " That is, if you can, I suppose'?" he suggested. "I feel certain I shall," was the ans. wer. "I have an idea in my mind, but it wants shape. There is a mystery, I am convinced, to solve which, only the merest hint is needed." "There are a good many things in thesame yoitiln, Ishou:d sly," answer ed Munro. " However, Patterson, we wont argue about the matter; only there is one thing upon which I am de termined-after this evening, I will come and stay here every night. I can say I am goming to sleep out of town. Theon, if there are ghosts, we can bunt them together; andi then if they are none, we shall rest all the better. Do you agree to that ?" and he hold out his hand, which I clasped in mine, with a feeling of gratitude and relief impossi ble to describe. As he said, I had done enough for lionour ; but still I could not give up, and here was the support and help I re quired so urgently, ready for my need. SI am so much obliged," I said at last. "Pooh I nonsense !" he answored. " You would do as much or more for me any day. There don'tlet us get senti mental. You must not come out, but following the example of our gallant Colonel Morris, I will, if you please, smoke a cigar in the garden. The moon must be up by this time." I drew back the curtains and unfas tened the sheitter, which offered egress to the grouods, then, havinig i5ng for Mrs. Stott to renoee thu supper trsy I sat down by thile fire to await Munro's return, and betualn musing concerning the hopelesssess of my poIlsitiou, tho gulf of poverty aed prcjudi?u nnel struggle that lay between Helena an:d myself. I was determined to win hor; but the prize seemed unattainable as the Lord Mayor's robes must have appear ed to Whlittin?ton, vben he stood at the foot of Htighlgatoe Hill; and, pros. trated as I was by that subtle malady to whichb as yet Munro had given the naoe, the difliculties grew into moun tailes, the chances of success dwarfed themselves into molehills. Whilst thus thinking vaguely, pur poselessly, but still more miserably, I was aroused from reverie by the noise of a door being shut cautiously and care fully-san outer door, and yet one with the sound of which I was unacquainted. Hurrying across the hall, I flung the hall door wide, and loolked out into the night. There was sutfficient moonlight to haveenablcd me to discern any ob ject moving up or down tihe lane, but not a creature in sight, not a cat or dog even traversed the weird whiteness of that lonely thoroughfare. Despite Munro's dictum, I passed out into the night air, and went right down to the very banks of the Thames. There was not a boat within hail. The nearest barge lay a couple of hundred yards from the shore. As I retraced my steps, I paused involuntarily beside the door, whiah led by a soperate entrance to the library. " Thatis the door which shut," I said to mysolf, pressing my hand gently along the lintol, and sweeoplng the Ilithero unbroken cobwebs away as I did so. " If my nerves are playing me false this time, the sooner their tricks are stopped the better, for no human being opened this door no living creature has passed through it. Having made up my mind on which points, I reentered the house, and walk .d into the drawing-room where Munro, pale as death, stood draining a glass of neat brandy. " What is the matter ?" I cried, hur riedly. " What have you seen, what " Let.me alone for awhile," he inter' rupted, speaking in a thick, hoarse whis per; then immediately asked, "Is that the library with the windlows nearest the river ?" "Yes," I answered. "I want to go into that room," he said. still in the same tone. "?' Not now," I entreated. " Sit down and compose yourself I we will go into it,if you like, before you leave." "Now; nowr-this minute," he persisa. ted. "I tell youe, Patterson, I must see what is in it." Attempting no further opposition, I lit a couple of candles, and givring one into his hand, led the way to the door of the library, which I unlocked and flung wide open. To one particular spot Munro directed his steps, casting the light from his candle on the carpet, peering around in search of something he hoped, and yet feared, to see. Then lie wont to the shutters and examined the fastenings, and fluding all were secured, made a sign for me to preceded him out of the room. At the door he paused, and took one more look into the darkness of the apartment, after which hlie waited till I turned the key in the lock, accompany ing me back aoroses the hall. When we were once more in the draw ing-room, I renewed my inquiry as to what he had seen; but he bade me let him alone, and sat mopping greant beads of perspiration off his foreheod, till, un able to endure the mystery any longer, I said: "MIunro, whatever it may be that you bave seen, tell me all, I entreat. Any certainty will be better than the possibilitios I shall he conjuring up for myself." He looked at me wearily, and then drawing his hand across iais eyes, as if trying to clear his vision, he answered, with an uneasy laugh : " It was nonsense, of course. I did not tlhink I was so imaginative, but I declare I fancied Isaw, looking through the windows of that now utterly dark room, a man lying dead onthe floor." "D id you hear a door shut ?" I in quired. " .istintly," no answererS; " and what is more, I saw a shadow flitting through thie other door leading out of the library, which we found, if you re member, bolted on the inside." " And what inference do you draw from all this?" " Either that someone is, in a to me unintellgablo way, playing a very clever game at River Hall, or else that I am mad " " You are no more mad than other people who have lived in this house," I answered. " I don't know how you have done it, Patterson," he went on, unheeding my remark. " I don't, upon my soul, know how you managed to stay on heore. It would have driven many a fellow out of mind. I don't like leaving you I wish I had told my landlady I should not be back. I will, after this time; but to night I am afraid some patient may be wanting me." " My dear follow," I answered, " the affair is now to you, but it is not new to me. I would rather sleep alone ip the Ihaunted house, than in a mansion filled from basement to garrett, with the unsolved mystery of this place hauntirng me." " I wish you had never heard of, nor soon, nor come near it," he exclaimed bitterly; " but, however, let matters turn out as they will, I mean to stick to you, Pattorson. There's my hand on it." And Ihe gave me his hand, which was cold as ice--cold as that of one dead. "I am going to have someo punoir, Ned," I remarked. "That is, if you will stop and have some." " All right,''" hie nswo,?led. S no thinog ' hot and strong' will huti't ueitl'r of us, buit vor ought to have yr urs ini bed. May I give it to, yot thIero ?' "Nonsuense!" I exclaimied, and we drew our chairs close to the fire, and, under the influnce uto adecoution whicl. Ned insisted on makilg himself, and at making which, indeed, he was much more of an adept than I, we talked valiantly about gbosts nod their doiugs, and about how our credit and happiness were bound up in finuding out the reason why the HoIloue was hbonted. "Depend upon it, Hal,' said Munro, putting on his coat and hat,preparatory to taking his departuro, "depend upon it that unfortunate Robert Elhnsdale musthavebeenbadlycheatedbysome one, and solely exercised in spirit, before he blewv out his brainse." To this remark, vhioh, remembering what he had said in the middle of the lay, showed the wonderful difference that exists between theory and practice, I made no reply. Unconsciously, almost, a theory had been forming in my own mind, but I felt much corroboration of its possibility must be obtained before I dare give it expression. Nevertheless, it had taken such hold of me that I could not shake off the im pression, which was surely, though slowly, gaining ground, even against the dictates of my better judgment. " I will just read over the account of the inquest once again," I decided, as I bolted and barred the lchain after blunro's departure; and so, by way of enoing the night pleasantly, I took out the report, and studied it till two, chiming from a neighbouring church, reminded me that the fire was out that I had a bad, cold, and that I ought to Rhave been between the blankets and asleep hours previously. CAIPTERa. XII " LIGHIIT AT LAST. Now, whether it was owing to having gone out the evening before from a very warm room into the night air, and, after wards, into that chilly library, or to having sat reading the report given about iIr, Elmsdale's death till I grew chill to the very marrow, I cannot say, all I know is, that when I awoke next morn ing I felt very ill, and welcomed, with rejoicing of spirit, Ned Munro, who arrived about mid-day, and at once de olarod he had come to spend a'fortniglb with me at the Haunted House. "I have arranged it all. I have got a friend to take clharge of my patients; slated that I am going to pay a visit in" the country, and so forth And now, how are you ?" I told himn, very truthfully, that I did not feel at all well. "Then you will have to get well, or else we shall never be able to' fathom this business," he siid. The first thing, oonsequently, I shall do, is to write a presoription, and get it made up. After that, I mean to take a survey of the house and grounds." "! Do precisely what you like," he answered, "This is Liberty Hall to the living as well as to the dead," and I laid my head on the bacnok of the easy chair, and went off to sleep. All that day Munro seemed to feel little need of my society. He examinnd every room in the house, and every square inch about the promises, He took very short walks round the adja coat neighbourhood, and made, tohisown satisfaction, a map of River Halland the country and town thereunto adjoining Then he had a great fire lighted in the library, and spent the afternoon tapping the walls, trying the floors, and trying to obtain enlighltenment from the pas sage which led from the library direct to the door opening into the lane. After dinner, hlie asked me to lend him the shorthand report I had made of the evidence given at the inquest. He made no comment upon it when he finished reading, but sat, for a few minutes, with one hand shading his eyes, and the other busily engaged in making some sort of a sketch on the back of an old letter. " What are you doing, Munro '?" I asked, at last. " You shall see presently'," he an swered, without looking up, or pausing in his occupation. At the expiration of a few minutes, he handed me over the paper, saying;: "Do you know anyone that re. sombles ?" I took the sketlch, looked at it, and cried out incoherently in my surprise. " Well," he went on, "who is it ?" "The man who follows me I The man I saw in the lane I" "And what is his name ?" " That is precisely what I desire to find out," I answered. " When did you so? him? How did you indentify him ? Why did-" " I have something to tell you, if you will only be quiet, and let me speak," hle interrupted. "It was, as you know, late last night before I left here, and for thant reason, and also because I was per plexed and troubled, I walked fast faster then even is my wont. The road was very lonely; Iscarcely met a croa ture along the road, floodeld with tihe moonlight. I never was out on a lovelier night; I had never, even in the country, felt I lhad it aso entirely to myself. " Every lhere and there I came within sight of the river, iind it seemed, on each occasion, as though a great mirror had been put up to make every object on land-every house, every tree, bush, and fern, more clearly visible than it had been before. I am coming to my story, Hal, so don't look so impatient. At last, as I oamo once again in view of the Thames, isith the moonl reflected in the water, and the dark arches of the bridge loioking dark and solemn con trmasted against the silvery stream, I saw before me, a long way before me, a main whose figure stood out inl relief against the white road-a man walking wearily and with evident diflliculty-a man, too, slightly deformed,. I walked on rapidly, till within a score yards of him, then I slackened my speed, and taking care that m, leisurely fotsatop, shouldho heard, overtook him by degrees, at'd then when I was quito abrceast, asked if ho could oblige me wit h a light. " He looked up in my tine, and said; with a forced, painful smile and studied courtsoy of manner: " ' I am sorry, sir, to say that I do eot smoke.' - "I do not know exactly what reply I made. I know his countenance struck me so forsibly, it was with difllioeuly I could utter some commonplaeo remark concerning the beauty of the night. "' I do not like moonlight,' he said, and as he said it, something, a conneo tion of ideas, or a momentary specula tioer, came upon me so suddenly, that once again I failed to reply coherently, but asked if he could tell me the short est way to Brompton Road. " To which end ?' he inquired. "' That nearest Hyde Park Corner,' E answered. "' As it turned out, no question could have served my purpose better. "'I am going part of the way there,' heo said, 'and will show you the nearest route-that is,' he added, 'if you can accommodate your pace to mine,' and he pointed, as he spoke, to his right foot, which evidently was causing him con siderable pain. " Now, that was something quite in my way, and by degrees I got him to tell me about the accident which had caused his slight deformity. I told him I was a doctor, and had been to see a patient, and so led him on to talk about sickness anddisease, till at length lhe touched upon disease of a morbid chareao tor; asking me if it were true that in asome special maladies the patient was haunted by an appatition which ap peared at a particular hour. . I told hins it was quite true, and that such eases were peculiarly distress ing, and generally proved most diticult to curo-moentioning several well authen tieotted instances, which I do not mean to detail to you, Patterson, as I know you have an aversion to anything savor ing of medical shop, "Your doctors do not believe in the actual existence of any such apparia tionst, of course ?' he remarked, after a pause,. " I told liim we did not; that we knew they had their rise and origin Tololy in the malady of theb patient. "'And yet,' hie said, ' some ghost stories-I am not now speaking of those associated witlh disease, are very extra ordinary, unaooountabloe-" "! Very extraordinary, no doubt,' I answered; '-but I.should besitato before saying unaccountable. Now, there is that River Hall pnlace up the river. Tliere must be some rational way of explaining, the appearancesin that house though no one has yet found any clue to that enigma.' " ' River Hall-where is that ?' he asked; then suddenly added, 'Oh II remember now: you mean the Unin habited hlouse, as it is called. Yes, there is a curious story, if you like. May I ask if you ars interested in any way in that matter ' '5 Not in any way, except that-I have boon spending the evening there with a friend of mine.' "'Has he seen anything of the re puted ghost?' asked my companion, eagerly. 'Is he able to throw any light on the dark subject ?' (To be Ooutinlesd.) 