SELECTED POETRY. THE CLOSING SCENE. [The followiop Is proaoaneedbfthe IVtBtminehT Jttrtew to be unquMtlouaby tUe liuuet American pom tvsr writt«u.} Within the sober realm of leafless tree, The russet year inhaled the dreamy air; Like some tanned reaper, in bis hour of case, When all the fields are lying brown and bare The gray barns looking from their hftry hills O'er the dun waters widening in the vale*, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds subdued. The hils seemed further and the stream sang low, As iu a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a inutiled blow. The embattled forests, ere while armed with gold The baiiner bright with crery martial hue, Now stood like some sad, beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight j The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's com plaint. And, like a star slow drowuiug iu the light, The village church vauc seemed to pale and faint. The sentinel cock upon the hillside crew— Crew thrice—and all was stiller than before ; Silent, till some replying warden blew His alien horn, and then was baud no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm's (all crest Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged young, And when the oriole swung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung. Where sang the noisy martins of the eaves, The busy swallows circling ever near— Forboding, as the rustic mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year. Where every bird that walked the vernal feast, Shook tbe sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the reaper to the rosy east— All now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked the crow through all tUe drearygloom ; Alone the pheasant, dramming in tbe vale, Made c-c-lio in the distance to the cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom upou the flowers, Tbe spiders moved their thin shrouds night by night, The thistledown, tbe only ghost of flowers, Sailed closely by—passed noiselessly out of sight, Amid all this, in this most drtury air, And where the woodbine seeds upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing tbe floor with Its inverted torch ; Amid all this, the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheel, and with her joyless mien bat like Fate, and watched the flying thread. She had known sorrow. He had walked with her, Oft supped and broke with her the ashuu crust And in the dead leaves she still heard the stir Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom. Her country summoned, and she gave her all And twice war bowed to her his sable plume— Regave the sword to rust upon the wall. Rcgave the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck for liberty the trying blow, Nor him who, to his sire and country true, Fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, but not loud, the droning wheel went on, Like the low murmur of a hive at noon ; Loug, but not loud, the memory of the gone Brcathiug through her lips a sad and tremulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, her head was bowed. Life dropped the distaff through her hands serene: And loving neighbors soothed her careful shroud While death and winter closed the autumn scene! 