""THE PEERYBW6I.E PA'PEBS. What a fiasco ! What a tumble-down ! — to Which the fall of the eminent Humpty-Dumpt Was nothing ! Poor Mr. Berry ! I could alrnc st pity him. He, at least, preserved some decencv under circumstances that of themselves owned very little. But for his ragged regiment ; his men of buckram ; his bully boys — tis well these swashbucklers and political Alsatians should be brought to bite the dust. And where are their Joyal supporters of the Eastern Market ? Why turned they not to the rescue as the stone- wallers slunk from the House with such down cast air? Ah, Mr. Berry, your experience should have taught you that what you term . popular opinion is but a sorry straw to which to cling when out of your depth, These mouthing demagogues care no mofe io t yon or the merits of your quarrel than I care for the Grand Turk. They would sell you to-morrow to serve themselves. Wash your hands of them, Mr. Berry. You are a man of some parts, and should keep better company. Mr. Frederick Cope Smith, a gentleman who was a few days back fined £5 for an infraction of the postal regulations, pleaded ignorance of the law, and was recommended to memorialise the authorities for a remission of the fine. Now, Mr. Frederick Cope Smith was at one time postmaster-general of \ an Diemen's Land, and ought to be tolerably-well informed upon the subject of which he professed ignorance. The other day, a lad ax Emerald Hill was fined £10 for such ignor ance as Mr. Frederick Cope Smith's ; but h< wasn't recommended to memorialise the authori ties for a remission of the fine. But then, you see, there is a vast difference between a swell who has forgotten the law which he was at one time paid to administer, and a hoy who never knew any to forget. Things aren't equal some how, and the Frederick Cope Smiths get the bitter of the plain John Smiths; they do in deed. Mr. Munro, with characteristic impetuosity, Raj's that pronunciation is an indifferent matter. This may be so. I suppose that, in the large consideration of large questions, legislators may reasonably scorn the trammels of pronunciation, as indeed they as airily set aside other arbitrary rules of grammar. But to a simple-minded per son it occurs that this liigli-handed treatment of prosody is likely to lead to considerable coil- fusion. The barbarous dialect of a certain hard- headed people of North Britain presents an example. We will suppose Mr. Never- never- never Munro as he appears after dinner — " A'm fu' wi' guid things," he exclaims, patting his bread-basket. This would be well, and we should understand (supposing we were familiar with the tooth -wrenching lingo aforesaid) that the genial legislator had enjoyed a good dinner. But if he were not particular in observing the differential delicacy in pronunciation ol the barbaric word " fu'," which means " full," and "fou," which means "drunk," what an awful error might we fall into. We should perhaps assume — taking the gentleman at his word — that Munro, the patriot and stone- waller, and Good Templar, was drunk ! and what a go that would be. Here then we perceive how careful all should be to observe the rules laid down by prosody for the proper pronunciation of words. Mr. Munro says that calling the Doge of Venice a dodge of Venice didn't matter. Maybe he was nearer the truth than he thought for ; for, if I mistake O ' 3 not, the Doge was elected by the people ; and Mr. Munro, no doubt, meant more than appeared upon the surface, and spoke with a grim humour, unhappily lost upon his hearers, when he re ferred to the magnifico as a dodge. Most creations of the popular will are strongly tinged with the spirit of " dodge," as Mr. Munro may be aware. For all this, it hurts one's sentiments to regard the splendid bridegroom of the Adriatic as one might regard Air. Munro, or any other stone- waller. The type, I fancy, is different. Munro is wrong. Pronunciation makes all the dif ference. ' The Doge of Venice, who, "tis said, In Palace grand was lodger ; Muuio, a tone -waller, deeply read, Declares no Doge, but dodger." tir.ii ii i -i ii _ i a. >» eu, we an Know tnat we may spoil xne uruuu by an extra pinch of salt. So, on the other band, we may bring irreverence upon a brilliant jewel of history by proclaiming it paste. This baa Munro the Celt done ; by declaring that the Doge of Venice was, in fact, a dodge, and that, anyhow, it didn't matter what you called him. This is rough on history. Mr. Lalor, of stockade renown — and really this may be a fate still further reserved for him — is likely to get himself in a mess. Wife war like character, allied to his one-armed physique, has no doubt kept people from thrashing him for his insolence. But, my faith ! if Captain MacMahon is the same flesh and blood he was in India, he should pull Mr. Lalor's .graphic proboscis until it rings again. It is not because a man occupies a dignified official position that fa W to be supposed superior to the promptings of natural indignation. I'm a common person and suppose that Mr. LaJor, of stockade renowil (please keep m nnnd the s -ggestiveness of this historical honour), would not soil his hand upon a common man; hut, by George, sir ! if I were Mr. Lalor's equal — in so far as being a member of the House could make me his equal — 311 110 other sense, I beg— I fa 11c j I could find a way of teaching him, and such as he, the literal definition of the word decency. I own that I don't think mucli of a community of (paid) lawmakers which permits an individual of its body to insult the whole body by insulting its President. This, Mr. Lalor (of stockade renown) has done ; and for this Mr. Lalor (of stockade renown) ought to be kicked. I have an old and degraded pair of boots at the service of Order. Mr. Gaunson has a brother ; Mr. Gaunson's brother held a situation in the Civil Service ; but he has given this up to serve his country (if his country will let him) in another direction. He is going to "put up" for a seat in Parliament. If Mr. Gaunson, the candidate, is at all like Mr. Gaunson, the fact, let us hope that he will be ' ' put down, '' and that his good intentions will he frustrated. One Gaunson in the House is as strong a dose as a peculation of 600,000 en lightened electors can stand. Two Gaunsons on the pedestal of representative government would capsize the whole structure. Nature would re assert herself; and man, disheartened by an excess of civilisation (as represented by extreme merit in the shape of Gaunsons), would turn his attention once more to woodcraft and the open air system. No, no ; too much of a good thing is notoriously good for nothing. Too much of the Gaunson family on the legislative stomach would prove, I fancy, an active vomit. The Black Death would be as nothing to it. The committee of the Melbourne Hospital have at length arrived at the conclusion that "the necessity for a connected and complete history of all important cases is so obvious that it is desirable to call attention to the omission." I don't suppose that a working man's observations upon the matter would have any effect upon such a lot of swell philosophers, hut the con clusion they have come to is the fact I referred to a month ago. When all the medical jackals rushed poor Dr. Beaney, I asked for the records of their failures. I wanted to know some particu lars of what one doctor called "a good average. " I thought it desirable that other scapegoats than Dr. Beaney should he looked after. Perhaps they will be noticed now. Perhaps we shall hear of some very eccentric surgery, vastly more speculative than the genius of Dr. Beaney ever prompted him to attempt. It's a nice old dead-house is that hospital, and I, for one, would rather give up the ghost any day in my humble crib, and unassisted by medical science, than oblige "philanthropy" by submitting my car case to the probes and problems of good average hospital doctors. And talking about doctors, the youthful Lawson must be a nice young man, if all they say of him be true. Mr. Joske is sent into hospital with a cracked skull. Mr. Lawson, though he sees Dr. Beaney very shortly after the admission of the patient, says nothing of -the matter. He contents himself with sending a formal written notice to Mr. Beaney 's house ; the thought, of course never entering his mind that it was pos sible Dr. Beaney was abroad attending patients. I wonder ii this youth and my good friend Ishmael of the many diamonds are on good terms. And poor Joske ! while this youth ob serves "official etiquette," can't stop to see the matter out. JOHN PEEItYBIN GLE. 