THE GERMAN ARMY. Now that European affairs are in such an unsettled condition the armies and navie3 of the various Powers acquire a greater interest than they can ever com mand m less troublous tunes. Among tlu military forces the German army stands 1 foremost. The Franco - Prussian war ; aroused Europe from its peaceful slumber. ! and in 1871 army reorganization beca:n 2 one of the first cares of every nation, j England and France both set to work to ; put their forces on an entirely new , footing. None, however, were more ' thoroughly examined and remodelled '? than that army which showed itself in 1870-71 to be the first in Europe. Many j victors are content to rest upon their laurels, and, as England did in past years, ; to let their army sink into a state of medi ocrity and even inefficiency ; but«a spirit the very opposite of this animates the German Government. There are always improvements which they perseveringly strive to effect. Numerically the forces of Germany and Russia do not differ greatly, and tho Austrian and French armies are nearly equal to them; but because of its superior efficiency the German force fairly claims for itself the first position. The Com mittee appointed to report upon the reor ganization of the French army took the German army for their starting-point, and the Czar has copied the military system of the German Emperor as thoroughly as his great grandfather Peter HI. did that of Frederick II. In short, the Germai army is the model upon which all European armies are being more or less reconstructed. No country has copied in exactly, for the very obvious reason thaL, the military system of a nation must be in harmony with the character of tho people and the constitution under which they live. In the late war the scientific strategy of the Germans was throughout aumiralile. It is not every country, how ever, which possesses a' Moltke,. though much may be done by every nation to encourage the officers to attain the high pitch of excellence which is' tho rule in Germany. There so much atten tion is paid to military history, that the average German officer knows the reason of every advantage gained or lost by every eminent commander since the days of Miltiades. But their knowledge is not bounded by an acquaintance with tho theory of military science. Not only do they excel in tactics and in the art of inarching divisions and entire armies, but they are pre-eminently practical soldiers. They can go upon sentry, light their camp fires, or construct a bivouac. The German officer is, in fact, a thoroughly well- educated man and a practical soldier. But if the officers of the German army excel those of similar rank in the armies of other nations, the German noncom missioned officers are still more entitled to claim the first position in their own department. They are, in fact, the very pith and sinew of the forces. To them is entrusted the care of tho minor points, and of the apparently trivial and unimportant details winch go so far to give the completeness essential to every armed force. It may be urged that their method of procedure is rough, but tho result is certainly most satisfactory, and to the non-commissioned oilicers is mainly due the perfect discipline in tho ranks for which the Prussian army ha? ever been famous. Every inducement is held out to a good soldier in Germany tr» stay in the amiy after he has served his time. Little Government appointments in country post-offices, in the police, or as railway guard, await tha retiring sergeant, anil ho h at any rate sure that after he h:is served his country faithfully it will not have hint to shift for himself, for after lie has acquired military habits he would nob easily find employment congenial to hi* tastes. It has often been said that in 187(1 was the battle of the schoolmasters, ami that the result was the victory of tho educated man over the man of less culture ; indeed, one of the most, useful results of the Franco-Prussian war is the fresh impulse it gave to edu cation throughout the world. Therein lies tho source of the superiority of the German soldier over his foreign brethren. The obedience of the Russian soldier is that of the serf to his lord: than of the Englishman is due to his high senso of duty and of national honour; that oE the Frenchmam to a belief that if he wcru in command he probably could not do as well as his oflicers, and in many cases t«i personal affection; but that of tho (iermau rests on the sounder basis of perfect con fidence in his superiors, and a knowledge (not a iiiere belief) that whether victorious or defeated they .'ire sure to be in the l'ight. He is not a mere creature of impulse, carried away by each changing wind, Iiutai thinking reasonable being who acts upon a firm conviction. Germany is divided for militaty pur poses into eighteen districts, each repre sented by one corps d'armt-c, and this division is eminently adapted to the peculiar character of the empire. Hitherto the greatest unanimity ancX friendly feeling have prevailed between the regular army, commanded as it ia by a scientific military aristocracy, and tho Landwchr, which is chiefly ofiicered by a middle class who have been sufficiently educated to be able to pass through their; military service in one year. We have) net spjice here to go into the particulars ; of the improvements which have been effected in the German army since 1871, but in one branch of the service — tho cavalry — it was very marked in tho nisuueuvres of both 1875 and 187-i. That the German cavalry of 1870 was not ineffi cient is shown by the world-wide renown attaching to the name ' Uhlan,' which in many parts of France became ;t synonym for any kind of Prussian soldier, whether on horse or foot. A German officer of high rank who witnessed tho English manoeuvres says that though thu English cavalry, which we have generally looked upon as the finest in the world, displays in many instances a brilliancy which is wanting in the German cavalry, the former has not that average) excellence which is tie prevailing characteristic of everything German. His impression is that it would be less effective) in the field than the German cavalry— an opinion from which many Englishmen will probably dissent. No one in Germany is allowed to be absolutely inefficient. If he docs not learn willingly ho is taught by an iron discipline. Hence* all are brought up to a certain standard. At no former time has the German army been in such u state of perfection as it is now. Tha milliards which France paid up in 1871 have been utilized to secure thi3 result. The Geimans are no spendthrifts, and wo may be sure that every penny tU:vt has: gone out of the treasury is money well spent; but the country is poor, poorer than it was before the war. and it* military system is draining it more and more every day. Fresh ?milliards arc nob forthcoming, and i* is doubtful whether the army can be kept up to the pitch it has now reached. But in any caso in tha event of a general war in Europe n'» countiy will be more valuable as an ally and none more formidable as an enemy than Germany. If Bismarck u in earnest; in his recent assurance that the German Empire desires peace and will maintain a neutral position, the influence of no ona can be greater than his to prevent a war. Tiie California^ 3&=-l News.— We publish in another column telegrams from Auckland of a portion of the news brought by the Californian maiL As no dates are given it is necessary, in order to under stand the news, to bear in mind that the mail left London on October 19 and San Francisco oa November 8. The earlier parts of the message refer to \- ctober 19. and the latest telegraphic dates mentioned subsequently are, we pre sume, November 8. The news has been anticipated by telegrams previously re ceived, though the details differ in seme important respects from the messages already published. An English telegram i.f October 18 stated that Russian Stccks had fallen 5 per cent. The Californian news says 20 per cent. It also states that Lord Napier had been ordered to hold himself in readiness for the occupation -if Egypt Thore can be no doubt that this would have been necessary if the designs of the Czar had been such as they were thought to be six weeks since. Supposing, however, that such an order had been given, itispro haUe that the later declarations of Russia will Live led to its being countermanded. If the mail news is to be relied upon, it is evident that the purpose for which the fleet was stationed at Besika Bay was more in the interest of Turkey than was implied by Lord Derby's statement in September. The later news brought by tbe mail confirms the intelligence received by cable up to that time. The French Minister of Foreign Alfairs lias declared that France will remain at peace whatever may be the result in Eastern Europe. In Spain affairs are again unsettled. .Further restrictions are placed upon Protestant worship. That unhappy country is apparently drifting back to the old rvjpiue, and we are not surprised to learn that a conspiracy to re-establish the Republic has been discovered in Madrid. The Polar Expedition was not ouly a failure. Uit it seems that it may now be regarded as proved that it is absolutely imi*ossibie to reach the North Pole. The sufferings of some members of the expedi tion were very great, and it is said that the thermometer once fell to 100: below zero. The result of this last attempt will be a sore discouragement to those who have maintained a strong belief in the possibility of reaching the Pole, and it is a disappointing conclusion to the repeated attempts that have been made. The Chief Secbetaby.— We regret tc ham that Sir Henry Ayers is confined to his hous j by indisposition. Tee Socth Australia!?.— Mr. Ban. Gernuin, who is generally supposed to be about the b jst pilot in the service, is to accompany this vessel during the Parliamentary trip. Mixistehial Visrr to.tee North.— The Com mistioner of Crown Lands, accompanied by taa Surveyor-General, intends starting to-day for (.Lire and Gladstone, where he will attani the opening ceremonies in connec.ion with tha Port Fine iJjiuway. Ho will afterwards visit several of tbe northern farming districts from which oj plicitionB hare been received for remission of rent 03 credit selections. Important Mail Service.— We note from our Sydney telegrams that a mail sanioa between Batavia and Adelaide, via Port Darwin, Sjdcej, and Melbourne, has been entered into lor a period of lire yaara between the Dutcl Government and the' Netherlands-India Steam Navigation Company. Tha service will no doubt t» hailed with satisfactioa by tha settiers in the Northern Territory. KABEIT-MEAr PBESEBVIXQ COSIPAXT. — The prospectus of a Company wtrich it is propose 1 to eataolish at Kapuuda is advertised in our bun ness columns. The promoters have made arrangements with Mr. Forbes, who has Urge experience in Victoria in trapping and preserving rabbits. The capital intended to ba raised is JEl.iQQ in 2,cG0 6barea of 'Iva. each, acd tats r. is expected will be ample to establish th9 -Company and make it a profitable undertaking- as well a3 bt» the means of reducing a terrible ntusano9. OtstcBS. — The steamer Glenelg arrived on Monday morning from Port Lincoln with a cargo of oysters, the tir=t of the 6eagon. Disoreerlt Pkrsos3.— At the Police Court on Monday morning ten men. acd one woaian ?were brought before Mr. Beddome charged with be'Dg idle and disorderly paraxs. The majority ?were uiscbareed on promising to get work, and several were ordered to ba imprisoned. In the evidence, Detective Doyle stated that these jeopk were part of a gdsjf of men and womon who lived in the western purt of the city, aad not infrequently assaulted acd robbed drackon busbrren who fell into their hands. Supreme Cocrt.— Tha Civil Sittings wfli Vegin ttia (Tuesday) momirg at 10 o'clock, the Chief Justice presiding. The calendar is rather a LrEgthy one for the clo?e of tha yaar, bat none of the causes are of public interest. The oxiia down for hearing on the first day are Lewis v. Thomas Micheimore, Lewis v. John Taomis Michtlmore, Scrutton 7. Bateson and Austin, King v. Puttman, TiLer v. Condiey. In conse quence cf the Sittiuga the Primary Judge will not sit in Equity on Tacsiay. AJiss SfESCE os Gborgs Eliot.— 'Juries ' -n the Australasian, puolishts the folio wine fcratifjirg piece of intthigance :— 'Sometime ajjo an article from the pan of ML-s Speuce on the writings of George Eliot appealed in tho Mtllournt Riviiw. Now, although this sketch did tot particularly entrance Australian critici, it has attracted the attention of the brilliant authoress h^rs-elf, and she has written to MUa fpecce in flitttrin? terms, adding that in the or. iuon of her hutbaad ( ttr. G. 11. Lewes) the article was one which would do credit to any English periodical. Mrs. Lewes, aa a general rale, reads nothirr written about herself, but bsr husband reads everything, only in rare instances drawing her attar* tien to short t-as3age* which he thinks evidence eep-?c?al insight or sjrxpathy, and this cocip'imeut he paid to her Australian reviewer.' TV5TE- STHEET LECTURE EUJL.— A Seri33 of dissolving views, illustrative of tho overland loute, will be exhibited thu evening in the abjve hall ia aid of the Organ Fund. Mr. W. Shakes peare will lecture on 'The Journey Home ward.' Bazaab.— A sale of useful and ornamenta goods will be opened to-day at St. Peter's Schoolroom, Glenelg, to clear off the debt on the building. In the evening there will ba a promenade concert. The Davehfobt Brothers.— The private ft-'itce which was to have taken place last evening at the Town Rail Exchange Koom wa3 postponed to a future date. The Lysch Family of BEtLBEfGKBS — This Company are s'ill meeting with great success in the country. At Georgetown and Crystal Brook they attracted crowded aidiencas, and thoir performances were greatly appreciated and admired. On Saturday they opened to a fall house at Port Pine. Ths Davesfobtsat Kapunda.— On Saturday -dvecicg, December 2, the Davenport Brothers peve one of their entertainments &t; the Institute Sail to a large audience. The two gentlemen whs were elected from the aa&ance; to act as a Committee and inspect tbe c&biusc; were Mr. J. Coles, M.P., and Mr. J. White, M.P., the latter y.eing iavited to visit Professor Fay and Mr. W. Davenport in his cabinet This created some little amusement, for in lfl«3 than a miaute he w«3 distinctly heard calling, ' Will §ome bedy let xaa out? Let me out!' In reply ho receiced seT&ral; iind salutations from the audience. Be, however, had to remain until the docra were opened, when he appeared with a tfcmbo'jri£orcucdb.i8Deok,andon landing himself safely on the stage declared he would never go into that place again. The ventriloquism of Mr. Davies and hia pupped created conadsrable *musjrrent and waa highly applauded, also ?to fcttor Fay's teacce. The Adklatdb Firb Brigade.— The Bvpsr hlt^odent had two horse-reeli and two haai leela out for practice with 12 of the Adelaide *5remen and two Glenelg firemen on Mesday ?morning, December 4, at 6 o'cImJc Tne Toll (i3viDg been called, four firemoa were placed 'with each of the horse-reela and three firemen 'with each of the hand-reals. The reels were 'then each stationed at separate -tire- plugs, and instructed to start at the first sound of the Superintendent's whistla to exchange places, open the fire-plugs, 6crew down the atacd-pipes, run off three lengths (150 feet) of hose-pipe, attach the branch-pipe, and turn on fee water. In thia trial No. 3 Reel had the water on first, and the others very quickly followed. Tney were then ordered to reel-up and stow away all the implements, and start again through tha «ame work against time. No, 7 Real was the first in play, occupying one minute and a half; and the others In quick order thus, No. 1 second, and No. 3 third,- No. 2 was last. Our Adelaide firemen are forbidden to leave the city nnleBB epeciaUy called out by the Superinten dent. Glenelg hss shown agoodeximole by Btaiting a Volunteer Fire Brig*de, tbe Fire Insurance Companies hating supplied them with a reel and 250 feet of 4-ply 2 itch hoae-pipe. Should a fire break out in Glenelg they are now quite ready to do their best to extinguish it. AccmBKTS. — On Friday, December 1, Frederick Dircka, a storeman in tha employ cf Messrs. J. ^tilling & Co., at Mannuu, had his right-arm broken by the falling upon it of one of the iron supports of a crane with which, he and others were lifting a bale of wooL He imme diately started lor Mount Plea3int, where the broken limb was set, and he was admitted into the Hospital on Saturday afternoon. A lad named Charles Rees, about 11 yean of age, broke his arm whilst playing on a house in Carrie street on Monday, December 4, in company with several ethers. He fell from a height of about nine feet with bis wrist doubled up under him. His father took him to the Hospital, where the limb was set. Oa Monday, December* 4, a man named Edward James, in the employ of Messrs. Jas. Cowan k Co., millers, Two Wells, w* assisting three otter men to more a wagon loaded with wire when one-cf his feet slipped, and before the vehicle could be stopped one of the wheels had gone aorobs the poor fellow's toes, just escaping the big one. He was taken down ta tbe Hospital as soon as possible, asd his injuries attended to. Bowing up thb Mchbay.—' Mr.. Delay and Mr. Van der Poorten, the two venturesome tourists who started in the early part of August to row up the Murray from Echuoa to Albury,' states the A&ury; Stouter of a late date, ' com pleted their rather laborious task and arrived safely in the federal city, where they were the guests of Mr. Swyny, the Collector of Customs, durirjg their brief stay in town. Mr. Delay is an EnglL-hman and Mr. Van der Poorten a Bel gian, and both have mapped out for themselves a pleasure triD on a really gigantic scale— a tour in which the trifie of re-wing up the Murray, over 300 miles against the current, may be regarded as a mere preliminary canter. Taey propose, we understand, in the first instance going down the Murray to Adekide, which they eipect to reach a few weeks before Chrhtmas. Af tor this they wfli proceed to Tasmania, Now Zealand, Queensland; first, however, exploring tbe GippsJand lakes and other parts of the neighbouring colony accessible by water. Tbe Australian Colonies done with they intend visit ing Java, South Africa, and India. The boat in which they have pulled cp the river ia a craft about 20 feet long and 4 feet in breadth, aud contains a sufficient supply ef provisions to carry its ventursome owners from one township to ano ther. Tha commissariat department is, however, frequently replenished by different varieties of game shot on the way. and at almost all of the stations on the river Messrs. Delay and Van der Poorten have been hospitably entertained.' Sugar Cultivation. — Amongst tbe passengers by the mail steamer Taojore, from Melbourne, on Saturday, December 2, was Mr. Edward H. Snellgrove, who informs us that he is connected with the Department of Agriculture and the Central State Ferest Board of Victoria. Mr. SneUgrove states that he is conversant with the growth and cultivation of the sugarcane, and also with regard to its after treatment for the manufacture of the marketable article, based upon knowledge acquired by him at Mauritius. In view of the offer of £5,000 boous whieh was made by the Government to tbe Srat producer of 500 tons of sugar grown and manufactured in the Northern Territory before September 30, 1S7P, an opportunity bow presents itself to those who may feel interested in the matter of communicating with Mr. Saellgrove, who will be glad to afford all the information in his power ur-on the subject daring his ahort stay here. Mb. Tatlob in Victoria.— The Argvj thus comments upon the treatment which Mr. Henry Taylor has received at various meetings recently held in Victoria :— ' The men comprising tbe Agricultural Labourers' Union in England, oa whose behalf Mr. Henry Taylor is now visiting the Australian Colonies, will doubtless ba surprised to hear of the way in which he ha3 been received in Victoria. Mr. Taylor, like every other man who bolieves that two' and two make iour, and has no selfish interests to serve, is an advocate of free trade, and the Frea Trade League in this city, thinking that addresses oa the subject by one of themselves would prove in teresting and instructive to the working classes of tbe colony, made arrangements for hi an to address public meetings in the various centres of population. At Prahran he was subjected to a great deal of interruption, but still managed to obtain a hearing; at Rich mond he was yelled at and insultsd by a Protectionist crowd; at Castlemaine the pro ceedings had to bo brought to a close prematurely, owing to the disturbance made by opponents; while at Fitzroy it was only by the exercise of the greatest patience that he was enabled to enunciate his views. If fear of argument be a sign of a weak cause, then assure lly the Pro tectionists of Victoria occupy an utterly un tenable position. They evidently feel that free speech would be fatal to their monopolies, and therefore they meet every attempt to discus; their doctrines with senseless clamour. Ur. Taylor has very strong claims on the forbearance and courtesy of the labouring claES. He belongs to it, and has frequently given evidence of his sympathy with its viewa and aspiratiope; he is a stranger, and has no personal interest in the welfare of the colony beyond such as springs from a desire to contribute to the prosperity of his fellow-men. But considerations of this sort have not been sufficient to procure him a patient hearing. He is a m3n wholly and utterly hateful to an 'intelligent' democracy one who dares to think for himself, to advocite bis own views, and refuses to adopt the popular shibboleths, or flatter the ignorance cf the mob. When he returns to England he will be able to tell his fellows that he has been ia a country where the principle of manhood suffrage has been practically recognised for years, but that the rule of mere numbers has not yn6t nf?™!?™?. ^ bt° a Paradif*. He will be obliged to assure them that tyranny intolerar.ee, stupidity, and selfishness are not confined to the privileged classes, but are defects and vices which flourish luxuriantly amongst people where government is ultra- republican in all but name. He will have to vouoh for the marvellous fact that there is an English com munity in existence at the antipodes, the working men of which are afraid to listen to reason, preferring to go en cutting their own throats rather than have it demonstrated to them that the operation is bofa unprofitable and unpleasant In short, he will have so many curious tales to tell that he will be lucky if he escape the ordinary fate of commuiicativa travellers.' Akglo-Frksch Breeding 8tud. — A new Stud Company, called the Anglo-French Inter national Stud Company, has bean formed (s*y3 the European Mail), with a capital £120.000, raised by private subscription of £10 shares) half the amount contributed by residents in France, and the other half from our own island. Admiral Bous and Count F. de Lagrange are tha f enior stewards for England and France respec tively. It has been determined to fix the coai pany's head-quarters on the other side of tha Channel, and probably for £30,000, the frt-3hold estate of St. Pierre de Oursin will be purchased by the Association. It is proposed that the mares should foal in Normandy, and that thair progeny when yearlings should be sold in Eag land at Sandown Pars, or some other suitable place within easy access of London, while a depot will be established at High field Hall, near St. Alban's, for facilitating the transit of blood Btock between the allied coHntries. TheaTRB Rotal.— Dr. Silvester may ooa giattvate himself on the fact th»t as his ad mirable entertakment becomes better known, it ia a1 so more widely appreciated, which u mire than can be said for most of the puoli; per formances with wh ch amusement-seekers hava to put op now - a - days. On Monday the Fafcii'e first change of programme was welcomed by a really excellent house, tbe box attendance being again an improvement on that of former evening;. If matters thus continue to improve, the result mutt shortly be a scarcity of accom modation for tbe would-be -Isitors. Tto new portions were first a ' seleot parlour entertain ment' — we quote the bills — by Mr. and Mrs. Empeon, the selectness of which was not startling nor even very striking. The same performers manifested a great improvement in their second effort. Mrs. Empeon first gave an -excellent imitation of Maggie Moore's 'Bis fader keeps a brewery' in character, which, if it fell a trifle short of the original ia archness, was an improvement from a musical standpoint, as Mrs. -Empson's voice far excels that of Mrs. Williamson. Mrs. EmpsoB was loudly applauded, and for an encore gave ' The Flower -3irl,' a patriotic ballad with a pretty catching air, in which she displays the floral emblems of England, Ireland, and Scotland. The song was received with thunders of applause. The mare we see of this lady the more we-are assured that with her natuial advan tages—a good presence, expressive face, a mutical «7oice, and considerable histrionic and mimetic talent — she would succeed ia a more legitimate line of -business than that of a music hall vocalist. Mr. Empson followed with a burlesque song, in which he exhibited the national food of the three countries— roast beef, potatoes, and porridge. The trifle had, at least, tbe merit that it was humorous. As an encore he eang, in character, the pseudo -'Chinese Bontc first introduced, if we mistake not, by Barlow, of ' Blue-tail fly' celebrity. Madame Silvester's charming voice was heard again to great advantage in the beautiful song 'Tell me, my heart,' and she was greeted at its termination with the tokens of approbation which she merited. The great event of the evening was the introduction of what i« -commonly -known as Pepper's Ghost Elusion, but which is claimed by Dr. Silvester in his advertisements as his original invention and property. 'The ghost' — who ever maj He the inventor— is without question the most wonderful and most scientific of fctage effect?. A figure is produced -on the open slage, which is perfect in all parts, and which speaks and acts to the living performer, bat which can yet be slashed through with a sword, and even walked through in full view of the audi ence. It also fades out of sight and grows plainer again without any percen tibia agency. Dr. 8ilvester has employed Mr. Garnet Walsh, of Melbourne, to write him a sketchy drama in order to illustrate the effect. The various spirits which are seen are supposed to appear to a young officer who for a bet of £500 has agreed to sleep in a bain ted room. Monday was a first eight, and as is always to be expected there were a few little hicohe*, but none at which the spectators hod much cause ta com plain. Doubtless tbe -Fakir, with his usual care in these matters, will see that the gho3t walks perfectly on succeeding nights. We again cordially recommend those in search of a full evening's entertainment to pay a visit to The Fakir of Oolu, with the assurance that they will not be disappointed with the far* poseated. North Adelaide Yoohc Men's Society.— The closing of the seventeenth session of Asso ciation was celebrated by an entertainment in the Lecture Hall, Brougham- place, en Monday evening, December A. The President, the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., presided, tnd as usual there was a large attendance. The Chairman, in a few remarks, referred to the ccutinuei existence and vitality of tbe Society, acd to the advan tages of such associations whor properly con cocted. The programme comprised an excellent selection of duets, song^and glees, combined with several readings and recitations. The musical division was rendered by several lady friends and Messrs J. W. Daniel, W. J. Back, and H. Turner ; while the literary portion wa furnished by Messrs. H. T. Fry, J. T. Fitch, B. Whmham, F, Johnson, A. H. Neile, and B. Brooksnau. Special mention deserves to b9 madecf the successful effort* o! the two lady friends in the duets, and th&y; ware deservedly rewarded for their endeavours to piea3e and entertain. Much amusement wa3 created by Mr. J. Andersen's humorous reading descriptive of a Dight spent by a young father in nursing the baby in the absence of its mother, aad the audience were not sparing in their thanks to each and all of the performers. It was certainly one of the most enjoyable entertainments yet given by this energetic Society, and was a fitting termination to a most EUcoeEsful year in its history. Diseask in Cattle on the Lower Brouch TON. — Our Port Pirie correspondent states that ' a new disease has appeared among tho cattle running on the Educational Reserres neir the Lower Brougfcton Station, and they are dying fa%t, It appears to affect the brain firct, as their movement-i are very singular; the body and head gradually swell up, and death quickly follows. The usual bullookdriver'a method of curing swelling, viz., to stick a knife once or twice between the beasc's ribs, does not avail here. I was informed to-day on good authority that two horses bad shown signs of the disaas?. It is to be hoped that it will not spread.' The Ikquest on the Late Mb Stbakeb — In reference to the rider of tbs Jury on this inquest, complaining- that the police in charge did not, when Mrs. Straker reported that her husband was missing, authorize enquiries to ta instituted, the Superintendent of Police has in formed H3 that the explanation of the officer in charge is to the following effect: — 'Mrs. Straker did not ask for assistance to look for her hus band, nor did she express any fear as to his safety. I told her that if he did not return within a reasonable time she could take out a warrant for hia arrest for desertion, or report him as a missing friend. I don't recollect her coming on Sunday. It is a frequent occurrence for women to cone enquiring for their hus bands.' Entertainment at Port Adelaide.— There was an excellent house to witness a performance given by the Port Adelaide Amateur Cnristys at the local Town Hall, on fie.onday night, Eecember 4, for the benefit of the Queen and Albert Oval Cricketing Association. The pro gramme, which contained a good selection of pieces, consisted of the usual variety of sonps, music and dances, and concluded with a bur lesque called ' Mesmeric Seance, or the Doctor Outdone.' The company were successful in pleasing and amusing the audience, whj frequently repeated their applause. (From yesterday's livening Journal.} Oub New Govebnob.— A telegram from Melbourne intimates that the Hon. W. _W. Cairns intends leaving Queensland on tbe arrival of the January Torn? Straits mail, by which opportunity Sir A^tbur Kennedy, his successor in the Governorship of Queensland, is expected. Death of Mb. B. F. Laurie, S.M.— We have to record the death of Mr. Boston Forbes Laurie, for many years the presiding Magistrate in the southern Local Courts, who expired at his residence, Port Elliot, on Saturday, December 2, at 6 p.m. The deceased gentleman waa the son of an Independent minister, and was born at Reading, England, but before coming to South Australia he resided for a number of years in Camberwell, London, where he had relatives, two of whom were medical practitioners. Mr. Laurie himself was educated for the medical profession, but for family reasons did not pke his degree. He was well connected, being related to tbe well-known faailie3 of Fowell»Buxton and Fortes. Mr. Lanrie arrived in this colony in December, 1848, and for some time was employed in superintend ing the dredging operations on the bar ia the Port Creek. ' Ia January, 1853, he was apoointed Stipendiary Magistrate at Port E .iot, where he has resided ever since. Mr. Laurie was over 5J years of age. He las bean in a dolijata ttat3 of health for some years past, and recently obtained leave of absence in order to visit EaJ iand, but was not much benefited by tho chac£). Be leaves a widow and eight children— three sons and five daughters— one of whom is married to tno Rev. F. William?, M. A., Oxford, one of the teachers at St. Peter's Collegiate School, uud another to Mr. E. Bwry, of the Civil Sarvise. Mr. Laurie was an able Magistrate and a well educated man of good general attainments. He was widely- known and much respected, and hia Iofe will be felt beyond the mere circle of hi3 private friends. 