Varieties. Tbe inhabitants of the little town of Shoebury are at the present moment strenuous advocates for the substitution of arbitration for war. The 81-ton gun has not be?n actually brought to bear upon them, but the damage it has indirect ly inflicted on their dwellings is of a most serious nature. There is, it Is stated, scarcely a building within a mile radius from the spot where the firing has taken place which has not been dam'aged in windows or ceiling, ho great has been tbe atmospheric disturbance cans d by the interesting experiments with the gun that the compressed air in the cellar of a neighbouring hotel has actually blown up the hearthstones on the ground floor. Of course the owners of the damaged houses natnrally look to the War Office for com pensation. England, they urge with some show of reason, is not at war with - Shoebury, and it is bard on that place that it should be the first to bear the. brunt of the latest improvement in the engines of destruction, which, moreover, tbey had been led to believe will never be required. How far these arguments will be of avail with the authorities remains to be seen ; but iu the meantime a serge ant of engineers has been taking observ ations at the various houses. He does not seem to have br. ughtany money with him, nor to have given even a hint as to his objectj which may possibly be the utter demolition of the injured houses. His presence has, however, excited a ;gleam of hope, and it speaks well for tbe victims of these ' Shoebury atrocities' that he was not detained as a hostage. It seems that a spook-tester has been invented (or rather adjusted to circumstances) that is more effective than a gunshot. Sweet Katy King might have been killed, you inow, if there had been a naughty person with a gun wicked enough to interrupt the proceedings with a gunpowder test. But there is a tack that saves life and yet has a veryhappy in fluence in making apparent the material element in the mediumistic. See this little brightness in the records frta the editorial page of the JV. Y. Times: — '? There is nothing which is more revolt ing to a sensitive ghost than the sharp, flat- headed tacks known to artists as * drawing-tacks.' When one of these tacks is tossed on the stage where ma terialised- ghosts disport themselves, it in variably remains with its point upwards. It may readily be conceived that an nn suspecting barefooted ghost who treads heavily on such a treacherous and pene trating tack would have right to mani fest a hearty and violent indignation. In deed, almost any amount of lang age on the part of the injured ghost would be pardoned by all humane men. But what did the ghost of Daniel Webster do when he recently tried to walk over a BtRee strewn with drawing-tack- during a ' ma teriaizing seance* in a Wisconsin town ? When the first tack entered that ostensible ghost's right foot he calm'y lifted np his injured limb and undertook to withdraw tbe intrusive bit of 6teel. It was not until, in his «ff=rt to balance himself on one leg, he ran another tack in his left foot, t iat he broke silence by softly remarking ' ouch/ and it is d'ubt- fal if he would have repeated that state ment, or ventured upon any other, bad he not incautiously sat down, and thus inserted two more tacks into his person. In these circumstances he might have totaUy lost his tpmper, and no man could have had a word of blame for him ; but instead of letting his ghostly passions rise, he merely expressed his view of the matter by the 6imple and touching remark, * Well ! by gosh !' and hurriedly withdrew into the mystic cabinet.'' A Lady Feeemason. — There is an old Masonic tradition or story to the effect that the only lady who waB ever made a Freemason was an inquisitive damsel who, anxious to become acquaint ed with the mystic rites and caremonies of the ' Ancient Craft,' concealed her self in the body of an old-fashioned clock in the lodge room, from which she obtained an excellent view of what went on during the initiation of an candidate. A few particles of dust, however, on^nded her delicate nostrils, and caused her to sneeze, upon which she was dragged from her hiding-place by the indignant breathren, an-), as she could not be allowed to leave the lodge free to divulge what she had seea, was com pelled to herself submit to the ceremony of initiation, and thus became the first lady Freemason ever known. We question the authenticity of this story , but we have now the authority of the Freemason itself for stating thai, the ranks of that illustrious Order now contain the name of one of the gentler sex, in the person of a Countess Hadich, who has been received as a Freemason in an Hungarian lodge under the Grand Orient of Hungary. The coun tess, we are told, is a highly educated lady, and, having studied and become well versed in Masonic literature, she was regularly proposed and seconded in open lodgo, balloted for, and in dae course was duly initnted. The Gran-i Orient of Hungary, however, declare the initiation to be null and void on the ground that a woman is disqualified from being a Freemason, and the curious question now arises whether, as the counte-s was actually initiated, she can be refused admission to her lodge. How this delicate point will be settled by the Masonic elders it is impossiDie to eay ; out it toe ixrand Orient can destroy by anj edict of their own the value of the old adage, ' Once a Mason, always a Mason,' they will have performed a feat that appears to be quite as difficult a per formance as it wonld be for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle. — ? European Mail. 