Whatever may be said of the passenger traffic on the Avoca line, and it seems to be very fair con sidering the little convenience offered to the public and the fact that two coaches also run on the same road, it would appear that the soods traffic exceeds all previous calculations. Since the new goods shed has been opened it has been crammed with goods, and a large qnantity of flour, wheat and wool has arrived from the North for transmission by the line. The forwarding agents, however, state that trucks are not to be obtained in sufficient number to carry away the goods. This, however, is a matter which will probably soon be rectified. We hear that one of the agents here has the order to forward from Si. Arnaud via the Avoca railwav, 68,000 bushels of wheat, and a large quantity of flour is also expected from the same neighborhood. The greater portion of the wool, we notice, still goes through the town by bullock drays, so we suppose the squatters find the railway tariff too high. It is hoped that the department will shortly give the second train to Avoca, as mueh loss must be occasioned to the department by withholding it, not to mention the inconvenience caused thereby to the public. The immigration returns for the month of Octo ber, shewing that 2,471 persons arrived hy sea and 2,289 took their departure from the colony during the month named, the colony having gained 182 for the month. New licenses under the Land Act are to be issued to the following persons 'Thomas Hanlev, William Hogan, William Rahilly, and Thomas Shunny, Landsborough ; Andrew Law, Edward Miller, - Frederick Miller, J. W. McOanie, Donald McKenzie, and John Coone, Bung Bong ; George Cartwright, Glenmona ; Patrick Fahey, Antonio Fabriette, and Thomas O'Brien, Wareek ; Henry Kay, Avoca A.JSimpson, EVersley. The applica tion of John H.Sibbritt, for a grant of land at Glenpatrick has been approved. We'have received a neat little volume suitable for the waistcoat pocket entitled "The Pocket Medical Almanac" issued by Messrs Francis and Swift, dispensing and family chemists, Bourke street, Melbourne. In additiou to the calendar for the year this little work supplies a deal of informa tion of a character highly valuable to those who have charge of invalids and children, with directions upon cookery for the s.ick, hints for the sick room, poisons and their antidotes, -etc. - It is also a very creditable specimen of printing, from the establish ment of Messrs. Griffith and Spaven, Fitzioy. The mining manager of the Band and Lake Company, Homebush, reports under date of Satur- day last A drive has been put in during the week to cut the water in a different part of the old drive to stop the sand from running so much, which so far has proved of great benefit, and the works will be carried on at greater speed. Hospital Sunday in Avoca is appointed for the 3rd Ufecember, Sunday next, when a special service will be conducted in the Shire Hall, at three p.m., by the Revs George Mathers and James Norton. A collection will be made in aid of the Marybo» rough Hospital, Mr William Morley, of Gleulogie, has. been elected a member of the Board of Advice for the West Riding of t he Shire of Lexton. \- « Tell Me Again, Dear," is the title of a sbng we have, receivd, the- words by Mr Charles P, Wil liams, and the music by Mr A. T. M. Johnson,- Melbourne, who, is also the publisher. The words are on the subject of love, a subject that is getting rather old but never seems to become tiresome, and the music is. suitable to the sentiments ex pressed, ' ' It, will; be observed that the Ardmore Estate, at Carisbrook, part of tlie property of the late D. C. Simson, and comprising i373 acres, will be offered .by auction on the 13th proximo; at the rooms of jMessn Gemmell, Tuckett and. Co., Melbourne. ' We remind our readers ..that the English mail closes at the local post office to morrow. « Old Bony" duly received, but the lines are not up to the required standard. The children's railway excursion to Balarat takes place on Thursday next. We have not ieard how many children are going ; probably then will be a good number, but many parents seem to be indis posed to allow their offspring so far awayfrom their protection. A good few adults will prtbably take advantage of the opportunity to attend the sports in Ballart on that day. By the new Electoral Act the time fo-Uhe com pletion of the general electoral lists is emended'- "to 1st December". All" persons taking oif electors' rights oh or before that day will be entiled, to. have their names placed on the general roll fjr 1876-7. A fee of one shilling is payable on takbg out an elector's right, which must be paid by a fee stamp. The Donald Times inquires, respecting the new Publican's Bill, " If no new houses are to be licensed for three years, what are nevly settled districts to do for hotel accommodation ? A curious and painful instance of the depre dations made by the insect known as the aphis came under the notice of the Sydney Retos a few days ago. A piebald horse was driven into town from Quirindi in a buggy— -the poor atimal pre senting a dreadful appearance. The wiole of the white hair had been eaten off, and the trown hair left intact — some portions of the aniual's skin exhibiting an appearance of the great irritation. This case is the more remarkable, as tar had been used over the white hair before the attack, to pre vent anything of the kind taking pla;e. The remains of something resembling this substance could be seen on the surrounding hair. Nothing however, could be more complete than the clearance made of the white hair, while the suffeiii.g the ani mal endured by the irritation caused to Us skin roust have been intense. The boarded-out children in and about Mel bourne have been looked up by the Argus " Vaga bond," and his verdict is as follows " My ' experiences are a confirmation that the boarding out system is a success ; that many foster parents have proved themselves well-qualified to fulfil the duties they have undertaken, and that the children are generally well cared for, properly fed, clothed, and educated. The regulations framed by the authorities are very comprehensive in apparently protecting the children from all chance of illtreat— merit. In some things, perhaps, the act is too comprehensive, and does not leave sufficient dis crethnary power to the committee. A law of adoption, as in France, seems to me to be badly wanted in Victoria. Great complaint is made of the fact that parents will often claim their children when they arrive at an age that they will be useful to them, and after the foster parents have had all the tnuble of rearing, and have become attached to their charges. Of course it will be held that it is unnatural to separate a child from its parents, but when from the fault, rice, or crime of such parents children have become charges of the State, I think they should remain so, and be legally transferred to the sole care of foster-parents." About 80,000 salmon ova, received from Cali fornia, have been deposited in the hatching-boxes at the Makarewa Ponds, Invercargill. The ova were shaken from the fine gauze nets on which they were placed into the hatching boxes, instead of being taken out singly as before. Not a single ova was unfecundated. Some of the ova hatched pre maturely, and all the little fish from these died. The loss does not, however, amount to more than two per cent. The ova are longer, and about half as large again as those of the English salmon. It is not often (remarks the Geelong Advertiser) that a common looking half-penny piece is con sidered to be worth £50, yet a mistake in giving one away, having that value placed on it, was made on Tuesday at Winshelsea, by the private secretary of Sir Hercules Robinson, A hoy had performed the office of porter at the Winchelsea station, and the secretary, in rewarding him for his trouble, gave the lad a coin, thinking that it was a shilling. When the train was starting, the donor discovered that he had given a halfpenny away on whioh he put a great value, declaring that he would not have Inst it for £50. As the train moved off a shilling was given to a bystander for presentation to the boy in exchange for the smaller coin, and sixpence left to pay for its transmission to Melbourne by the post. The three prisoners charged with stealing goods from the wreck of the Geltwood, John Kerr, John Lamand, and Andrew Cameron (says the Border Watch) have been committed for trial. No fresh arrests have been made as yet. The proceedings at the inquiry were conducted with clcsed doors. Some time since, a paragraph pullished hy a Cincinnati paper, to the effect that Mssrs Moody and Sankey had quarrelled over the division of certain collections, went the rounds of Depress, the Rev Dr Hepworth being quoted as the authority. It now appears from a letter published in the Southern Gross, from Dr Hepworth, thit the whole scandal was a pure fabrication, A denial from Mr Sankey also accompanies the letter an! leaves no doubt that the tale was a malicious fabrication. Yesterday (says the M. A, Mail) a number of boys were out at the Butts, with dogs and a gun, wiien they were suddenly attacked by a hrge snake; the reptile bit two of the dogs, which riled within a few minutes. Eventually his snateship was killed by a well directed shot from the gun, much to the relief of the boys. It is rumored in political circles (says the Ballarat Courier) that, in the event of the Railway Management Bill becoming law, Mr Langton, M.L.A., Mr T. T. A'Beekett, and Mr Thos, Finlayson respectively, chairman and secretary of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company, will be the three commissioners appointed to manage the Victorian Railways under the newsytem. Dr. Macartney sounded an electioneering note of war (says the Benalla Standard) on Wednesdsy night, at the temperance meeting, when he said that he did not again expect- to appear in Benalla as a lecturer, as he hoped that, he should soon represent his former constituency in Parliament, when his work as a Good Templar would commence in earnest. He also attributed the non-success of the teetotal party in the House to the want of a proper system of operations. The Ovens Spectator writes— " A hen belonging to Mr Impey, of Spring Creek, to her own surprise, we have no douht, and still more 'o that of her offspring, hatched a chicken which had two heads with two complete beaks, but only three eyes. Whether the mother was so puzzled as to which mouth she had to feed that she supplied neither, or that the chick did not. know which head properly belonged to it, or whether two heads were really better than one, it seems to have come to the con elusion that it was "all a muddle," and gave up thequefction and the ghost together." According to a New Zealand paper, a man named Woodg8te was brought up on remand at the Picton Police Court on the 11th, to answer a charge of child murder. His neice Susan deposed to having had two children by him. The first was born dead, and the second she heard cry. Woodgate alone delivered her, and said before and after the child's birth that he would smother it, and threat ened to shoot her if she told anyone. She declares that she never saw the child after its birth. The other neice has not been examined yet. Woodgate was remanded. A man named Dixon has been heavily fined at Beaufort for opening a railway gate after it had been closed by the gatekeeper, and while a train was in sight. The magistrate said the man had laid himself open ,to a penalty of £20. The Eyneton Observer records a thrilling inci dent of true bravery. On Saturday last a child five years old, named Joseph Grant, accidentally fell into the Campaspe River, and was borne down the stream, which was much swollen from the recent :rains. Mr William Charles, hearing the cries of some speoiators, sprang in to the river, gained the, child, and after battling bravely with the current and drifting fulling 150 yards, landed safely with his unconscious burden. Drs Smith' and Langford werespeedily called, and through their efforts the iboy was soon restored to consciousness. At the great convention held at Dunedin, it was stqted that the revenue of the province of Otago amoun's to a million yearly, and this was. used as an argument, for the creation of the province into a separate colony. It was resolved to petition the Queeu for this boon, A letter has been recently received by a gentle- I man resident in Melbourne from a friend at present at the Cape of Good Hope, who had. very i consider able experience in mining pursuits, and whose opinion therefore as to the South African fields is of value. The writer after describing- his journey to Pilgrim's Reef. isays that '< the Dutoh abhor the sight of Englishmen coming into their country, and will not give them anything on the road either for money or begging, . . . All our party -spread about prospecting, or fossicking about the i "creek. Fortune seems to favor none of us so far. . - , . - -. '-Provisions are ' very dear here. We generally feed on. yellow meal burgoo. Bread is 2s. per 3.1b. loaf (Boer's meel) . No flour; sugar, Is. per lb ; tea, 5s. ; butter 4s. per lb. ; and everything dear in proportion." The population is described as scarce, but the writer believes it would soon increase if the war scare was over ; and the letter goes on to say, " Matters are very dull on these fields owing to the war. No parties will venture to push out to prospect, fearing the Kafirs might come on them. Some are doing very well, but they are few. Water is very scarce. In a few words, I may tell you there are no inducements to bring people to this place ; and, if you should return to New Zealand, do not induce any of our friends to come here. You can't even have a horse to ride. The horses die like rotten sheep here of disease. Very few recover. Also with cow9 and bullocks disease is very prevalent, A white man could t o get a day's work here. All the labor is done by Kafirs and if you can't get gold you may starve. What may be considered a singular, if not a natural, curiosity, can now be seen in the very centre of Walhalla, says an exchange, This. is no less than a Worthy Chief of the Walballa Pride of the Mountain Good Templars' Lodge, acting as | landlord in one of our most respectable hotels during the absence in Melbourne of the proprietor and his ' wife. As the hot weather and the fruit season are com ing on diarrhoea in children will probably prevail, and to meet the case Dr M'Crea, the chief medical officer, has issued a circular in which he says .The precautions that I would suggest for the prevention of death from diarrhoea during the coming summer are 1st. To exercise great caie in excluding from children's food all unripe fruit, vegetables, and other articles which easily ferment. This need not exclude the moderate use of ripe fruit for children who have teeth to masticate it. 2nd. To subject all the food whioh children eat to a boiling heat. In the case of infants, their milk particularly should never be given without having been pre viously boiled. 3rd. Whenever a child shows first symptoms of diarrheal, it should be at once stripped, inveloped in a cold wet sheet, and wrapped in blankets for some hours. The suggestions are very simple, and may be carried out in the houses of the poorest person in Vicferia. A recent number of the Engineer has the fol lowing : — "The first American steam engine in Holland was sent there some six months ago. The firm which received it has since ordered seven more; and, says the Moniteur Industriel Beige. American engines are competing with English ones, not only in Holland, but all over Europe; and not with English ones only, but with all Europeon makes. So that it seems as if American engines would soon be found in all European markets, while no European engine will be found in an American market." The S.M. Herald writes .—To improve the breed of horses fabulous sums have been spent in England, and no trifling amount in ludia and the Australian colonies. But if the accounts of Mr Valentine Baker are trustworthy, we have all hitherto failed to meet with the finest breed of horses in the world. This equine prodigy is to be found on the Perso-Turkoman frontier. It is capable of galloping forty or fifty miles without stopping, and will then amble at the rate of five miles an hour for a hundred miles more, with only a few intervals for rest. In four days it can per form a journey of 550 miles, not as an extraordin ary trial of endurance, but in the regular course of business. It has a pedigree going back to the days of Tamerlane or Timour, the great Mogul conqueror of the fourteenth century, whose career is so graphically narrated in ;the pages of Gibbon, and who is said to have introduced 14,000 of the best Arab mares into this part of his immense domin ions. The Geelong Advertiser reports that a desperate encounter took place in the bush, between German- town and Waurn Ponds, on Thursday night, be tween Mounted-constables Hamilton and Moun'- ford and a mad man, whose name could not be ascertained. The lunatic is supposed to be a tramp and on Thursday he was engaged amusing himself by burning brushwood and other fences in the locality mentioned. He also threatened to take the life of a Mrs Pannell, living in the neighbor hood. On receiving this information the constables went out to arrest him, and discovered the lunatic dancing around a large fire which he had made in the middle of a paddock. As soon as the madman observed the police, he armed himself with a stout stick, and then a fight for the mastery commenced, the lunatic dodging his would be captors from tree to tree. Hamilton incautiously got too near him, and received a heavy blow on the head, but es caped injury on account of his leather hat affording good protection. In dealing this blow, the mad man lost his balance, and both constables making a rush, he was knocked down, A long and fierce struggle took place on the ground, the lunatic kick ing and tearing in the wildest manner. The con stables ultimately succeeded in handcuffing their man, and bringing him to the lock up. The line from Geelong to Winchelsea, which forms a portion of the celebrated Black line from Geelong to Colac, was formally opened for traffic on Friday by the Minister of Railways. There was a large party of visitors from Geelong, and the occasion was celebrated by a luncheon in the Shire Hail, at which about 100 gentlemen were present. In responding to the toast of the Ministry, Mr Jones defended the action of the Government in proposing the purohase of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, and pointed out that if this was not done an expenditure of from £240,000 to £800,000 would be necessary for the purpose of connecting the Gippsland Railway at Oakleigh with Melbourne, and if this was the case it would necessarily delay the making of 76 miles of country railways. At the conclusion of the luncheon the majority of the visitors returned to town by special I train, reaching Melbourne at 9 o'clock.— Argus. An inquest was held at St. Arnaud on Thursday by Dr Briobano. district coroner, at Marnoo, Oil the body of Flora M'Lennan, wife of John M'Lennan, a farmer, who died on Tuesday last from shock caused by rupture of the bladder. Deceased was attended in her confinement by Dr Charles Turner, of Rupanyup, who ordered two women to put a sheet round the woman's body and twist it as a tourniquet. This caused the rupture. The woman gradually sank, and died after Dr Volfenden, of St. Arnaud, had delivered her of a dead child, A post mortem examination was made by Drs. Wolfendon and Harrrison, and a verdict of manslaughter against Dr Turner was returned. The summons , not being answered, the coroner iasued his warrant for Turner's arrest. An old bushman writes the Herald:- It acci dentally came to my knowledge that an old com panion de voyage of Sir Thomas Mitchell, Mr William Crabb, was interred on Wednesday, with his only son and another friend as mourners. He has only been in town a few days, after an overland journey from Queensland. He succumbed to an old disease of the lungs, brought on from his early travels in the then unknown region of Queensland. He it was who brought in, af er great, difficulties, the remains of Stapleton, who was killed by the blacks in 1840. Mr Crabb was well known in Queensland, where he has some children, besides his son here. 1 write these few lines to you, so that it may be known that another of Australia's great bushmen has gone to that home whence no travel ler returns." ; It -is stated that Terra del Fuego has been tra versed by Lieut. Masters.R.N., who Las discovered, that the natives "believe in devils, and hold them to he the departed spirits of /members, of the medi cal profession. The main object of their, religions ceremonies; "is to keejp' these devils at a distance from them. — London Medical Record. 