TALES &. SKETCHES IN THE GOLD AVENGE. I.—A. MYSTERIOUS LETTER. Fiunois Ieedell prepared his own break fast, which consisted of a cup of smoky tea aud a dry biscuit. The battered kettle on tlic gas fixture and the box of biscuits wider the table represented the lowest ebb ever attained in tho lido of-'Mr* Iredell's resources, and there had been many fluctuations in his finances of late . years. • Poverty may have a picturesque side as well as a droll or a lugubrious one! The poverty-of this artist's studio sat lightly on room as well as occupant. One read tho man's character and history in all his surroundings. A large window admitted a wealth of daylight, which fell alike on a beautiful jardiniere, dusty draperies, a broken lay figure, heaps of paint brushes, rare specimens of Daimio bronze, and a tropical butterfly poised on sap phire wings, flecked with silver, above a collec tion of pipes. The very 'walls took up the thread, and reflected tho inmates in as many separate mirrors of mood, from the half completed clay model of a classical head, the glimpses of dreamy Mediterranean skies, and the hasty copies .of Titian's flesh-tints, to the realistic farm scenes lacking the poetry of the Flemish and French schools of art. A desultory fancy had always led Francis Iredell to pursue; the latest whim, and here and there the sketches had caught a sunbeam of true in spiration. He was too proud to solicit patron age or propitiate critics, aud then he took re fuge in the superiority of the unappreciated. To the public ho was known as a promising artist, if ho would settle down to any one thing. This very settling down was the bane of his existence, and in the mean while he made smoky tea for his own breakfast. TTi« slight repast ended, he kindled his meer schaum, and prepared to set about the day's labour, when he was aroused by a knock at the door, and the janitor passed in a letter. . " "Who the deuce has written to me r" solilo quised Mr. Iredell, turning the small envolope in his hand. "A woman's chirography evi dently. I am not a lady's man." He was in no haste to open the missive and H solve the question; time had never been pre cious to Francis Iredell. "Perhaps I have found a patroness of art," he said with a little grimace. The sheet contained these guarded lines " Mr. Francis Iredell is earnestly requested to visit Holmcroft immediately.- If he will be in the summer-house at the end of the maple avenue, on Mrs. Meston's property, at five o'clock this afternoon, he will have no cause to regret the step. "AFbiend." "Shades, of romance! Why, my respected aunt, Mrs. Meston, lives at Holmcroft. To be sure! I bad forgotten; and if I had remem bered, I fancy the old girl would think I wanted something of her—the sale of a picture, or to be mentioned in her will. Bah! she is surrounded by todies now, no doubt." He laughed and tossed aside the letter, then tc ok it up to read again, with a frown. " Whom am I to see in the summer-house ? Pooh! I am too old a bird for this sort of chaff. Somebody wishes to make me ridi culous."' He leaned out of the window. The October day was perfect, with a cloudless sky, radiant sunshine, and a soft south wind. Nature lured him away from the studio; tho element of curiosity, which combines self-love, also began to exert an influence. What if any person at Holmcroft did wish to dupe him, might it not be amusing to afford the unknown an opportu nity? He formed a sudden resolution. If Spofford could lend him ten dollars he would make tho journey. He crossed the hall to another door precisely like his own, which opened on an atelier also impregnated with the pathetic atmosphere of waiting. A man wearing tho same mask of cheerful bonhomie over patient heroism was tracing the ghost of some future groat work on a canvas with red chalk. " Hard up, eh ? Oh yes, I can let you hare ten dollars as well as not. I only wish I had ten thousand, my boy V1 * Mr. Iredell returned to his own quarters, brushed his hat, and surveyed himself in a cracked fragment of a looking-glass. A faint sensation of pleasurable excitement was beginning to infect him, all due to a few lines traced in a slanting feminine hand. The glaES reflected a large, well-formed man of thirty, with, a massive head, broad, open brow, calm, penetrating grey eye, and a luxuriant brown beard. The hair worn rather long, the beard and attire were unconven tional, but thero was about him the easy grace which stamped unmistakeably the gentle man. May not the negligent costume of a man forgetful of his coat bo charming in a word which owes so much of painful self-conscious ness to the tailor ? Still yielding to that guidance of destiny which captivated him this morning, ho took tho next step. 3f he wore not too lato for a train which would hear him to Holmcroft before live o'clock", ho would keep the appoint ment. A tide of humanity streamed through tho opeu door of tho great depot. Too lato! No; tho ten o'clock train, hound cast, was there, panting witli suppressed steam, and ready to start. Fleeting miles strung liko heads on fleeting moments; past shining rivers, past wido stretches of lull-sides draped in autumn's gorgeous liven*, the awakened thoughts of Francis Iredell keeping pace with flying motion. He reached Holmcroft at four o'clock and fifty minutes. The locomotive swept on, and he was left gazing about him a trifle blankly. "Why had be come ? Surely he cojild not tell. Tho sta tion was a pretty Gothic structure, with the mune Holmcroft placed prominently* ahovo the door. A telegraph girl with a pink bow in her hair, glanced coquettishly through, tho window of her oftice: a lank youug man with a large cigar leaned against the wall; throe barefooted urchins pattered away in search of other excitement: a rusty waggon, containing a cider barrel, creaked slowly by. Tho stranger climbed the road toward the Hall, a red house overlooking tho village, and by no means equalling tho prctensiou of its | name. A little brook, spsmncd by a bridge, | flowed at the foot of the hill, and to the right 1 a steep path branched from the drivo leading up to the door. Following this path he found i himself in the summer house us his watch pointed to the hour of five. In the peaceful stillness of earth the smoko rising from the village chimneys seemed to pause before melting iuto ether, and the balm of silence bathed all his jaded senses. From the rose-flushed horizon, where tho sun was setting, a purple bloom veiled tho hills—at his feet the sumac glowed iu fiery splendour —on the air floated the last fragrance of expir ing summer — the aromatic scent of dying leaves. He turned to tho maple walk, which the season had converted to an avenue of gold, where each tree stood in perfect- symmetcry, yellow merging into russet-rcd, and beheld a figure advancing towards him. Tho last rays of the sun made for her a path of glory, with tho maples arching above, her uncovered head catching tho gleam of reflected light as she moved. Somefliing stirred within Francis Iredell at sight of her, as if tho wings of his genius were unfurled for the first time. "A saint in black garments against pale gold after Fra Angelico," he muttered. Then he removed, his bat as she stood before him. 11 Have I tho honour of addressing one of Mrs. Heston's household ?* "I sent for you," she replied, in & low, firm voice. 