THE ; FiRSTconciL ; AT JERU SALEM'; AND' THE ,LAST COUN CIL AT-iROME. The history ,of .the- former. is' recorded in. the fifteentb . chapter' pf( the Acts of the' Apostles,: and the proceedings of the latter .ate 'matters' of recent history. It seems important and 'useful to compare the first and latest of all councils, arid to give heed to the subjects discussed, as well as to the spirit in which the discussion was carried- on. We shall then see that the meeting at Jerusalem was presided over by the Holy Spirit and tended to the glory of God; .whilst that at Rome was rightly called ." a place .of : intrigue, and most, assuredly did' not promote thhhonbur of the Father in heaven. , At the beginning the Church appears as the happy bride rejoicing in her bridegroom singing His praises in a noble chorus, in which the voices of the different nations \- are harmoniously . blended. The world .trembles at the sign of the last days, and she, in beautiful simplicity, looks forward to the day of the marriage-feast of the Lamb. Such is the peaceful beginning, but ere long we behold the Church involved in labour and struggle. She can call' nbthing her own that she has not obtained by a serious conflict. She possesses all things, and possesses nothing ; she was full of joy, and is equally full of sorrow, and trembles at the severity of the struggle. She fights the good fight of faith, and blesses. God .who gives Her the victory through Jesus Christ. . , . The Church is like unto Him who is her head. He is the brightness of the Father, and' the express image of His glory, but He is also sorely afflicted unto death, and in the hour of darkness He .exclaims; "My God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me 1" There is, however, this, difference : that people realise more the humiliation than the glory of. Christ, while they are more alive to the original excellency than the painful struggle and great poverty , of the Church.; they look more at her triumph than at her conflict.; But the Council — -the first ever held — which met at Jerusalem, presents unto us one of those momentous . battle-fields the Church has fought under the Great Captain, hoisting anew the flag known .and honoured in ancient days, " Jehovah Nissi, the Lord is my banner." We cannot, and need not for our present purpose, enter into a detailed account of the relation between Hebrew ; and. Gentile Christians as they were represented by the respective churches of Jerusalem and Antioch. It is sufficient to call to mind that the Church at Jerusalem was greatly agitated when she learnt what had hap pened at the house of Cornelius ; but then the frank , declaration of Peter and the wonderful, signs of God's teaching and presence convinced the Church that it was the Lord's doing, and " they held their peace and glorified God; saying, 'Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life." (Acts.xi. 11). Ere long only few Jevrs and many Gentiles were added to the Church. . .; i- A large Gentile church sprung , up... at. Antioch without the aid of an apostle .and immediate connection with Jerusalem; and this church; from which proceeded in a special manner 'the missionary work among the Gentiles, developed, Itself inde pendently of if not in antagonism to the Jewish Church at Jerusalem. Jews that believed in Jesus as the Messiah, but could not acknowledge any other form of Christianity than that which recognised the claims of the ceremonial law, and pre served all the features which in the dis pensation of the law , distinguished the Jews from all other nations) went down to Antioch and taught the brethren, "Except ye bei circumcised after the manner of Moses ye cannot be saved;-' Paul and ' Barnabas had with - them1 no small disputation, and it was decided to, refer, the whole matter to Jerusalem. In , these_ days, 'then, . Jerusalem, .and not Romp, was, the mother-church; : the centre. ;of union. Oluriim, not of - authority, > for that Church never claimed infallibility, though presided over by Peter, and John,; and James. /S7ib' fcnew that the Lord alone is the King of truth; and would have indignantly rejected and: resisted every claim which detracted anything from the soZe glofy of Jesus. ' - : How was the council constituted .1, The ambassadors of the church at Antioch w;ere received of the church, and when the whole matter was brought up for discus sion, not only the apostles and elders were present, '""but also the. members of 'the church, or laymen, as is manifest from the words, " " Then : all the " multitude kept silence." (v. 12), and " Then it pleased the apostles, and elders with the. whole church " (v. 22), and once more, " The apostles and elders and brethren greeting unto" the brethren which are of the Geri- tiles " (vr 23). Ibis, then, manifest that the council- was . (composed of apostles, elders, and' brethren) all, it would seem, having an equal right to speak and to takexparb in' :the discussion; '.which was neither carried on . under the seal of secresy nor under the bondage of restraint ; for we are expressly told that there was " much disputing " (v. 7). After that " Peter rose, but lie does not for a moment claim' infallibility, nor does he in" the least degree impose his authority upon the as sembled brethren ; he simply appeals to God's merciful and marvellous dealings ,,with the Gentiles; whereby his own re luctance to enter into the house of a Gen tile had : been previously, overcome ; and having given glory td the Holy -- Ghost£ who bore witness to the Gentiles' even as .to the Jews, he magnifies ' faith f 'whereby' their hearts are purified ;(y..,fi),| and'yrace, through which Jew and Gentile.<areJto,be . saved (v. 11). "' f' This declaration of Peter is remarkable in many ways. It shows that- he Aid not claim .superiority above'f others, for it may be fairly be doubted ; "Whether he presided on this momentous occasion. Then he adduces .no other authority '.than that of the Holy Ghost ; then he tolls us that the only means of purifying tlib heart is Jaith, apart from and in direct opposition to all ceremonies and rites ; and, lastly, he'posi- tively states, that for Jew and: Gentile, one- thing is required, and one thing is quite' sufficient, to be saved—even ke grace pf the Lord J ssus Christ. The Spirit teaches, faith purifies, and grace saves ! How simple and beautiful ! — one feels almost inclined to add, how evangelical ! Not a word about the Church and the sacra ments, and.; vestments, and candles, and '-in? cense and the Virgin, and saints : and cardinals, and a Vicar of Christ ! " How little Peter knew !" a Popish priest might justly exclaim. And is the Pope to be his successor ? For we must frankly ad mit Peter looks very little like a Pope borne on the shoulders of soldiers ; and ' his plain garments as a fisherman differ, greatly from the pompous' attire of his so- called, successors. Peter neither presides, nor decides the question at issue. If anyone stands out prominent it is James, the 1 brother of Jesus, who appeals to the Scriptures, supplementing the. experience of Peter by the teaching of the prophets. The Spirit taught Peter to understand God's designs with the Gentiles, the Spirit inspired the prophet Amos, the Spirit opened up the Word to James, the" Spirit enabled the apostles, elders, and brethren to be of one accord (v. 25), and the decision was taken because it seemed good' to the Holy Ghost, who led them into -all truth (v. 28). And now the council at Rome. One is quite safe in saying that it was every way the very opposite to all that is great and good in the first coiincil- at Jerusalem. It lacked all the elements which would secure liberty to its members and promote the real interests of the true Church of Gfod. The very fact that , .those who differed from Rome— as; for example, all Protestants-- Were excluded, and / that none of the decisions, the,: Popish '.Church had till now arrived at, were to be ques tioned, clearly proves that the council was as little oecumenical as the Romish Church, is catholic, and that the council/ did not meet in order to ask the light of the Spirit, and to be guided by His teaching, but simply to adopt and approvAof ' fore gone conclusions, and, to submit to the intrigues of. the Jesuits, who were the real instigators of the whole meeting. - :"The chief reason," Janus tells us, " why nobody any longer desired a council (after that of Trent, held three - centuries ago), lay in the conviction that, if it met, the first and 1 most essential condition, freedom of deliberation and voting, would be wanting. In the Papal system— which knows nothing of true bishops ruling inde-- pendently by virtue of the' Divine 'instittt-1 tion, but pnly . recqgnises' ; subjecy ',- and vicars or offimals of the Pope, who exercise a power lent them . merely during his , pleasure — there is no room for an as sembly which would be called a council- ;-r in; the Sense ! of the ancient Church. . . An oecumenical assembly; " :of the1 Church can have no existence; ' properly1 speaking, ' in presence of an ' ' ordinarius ordinariorum and infallible ; a teacher of faith, though, of course, the ' pomp, ceremonial, speeches, and votings of''"' a council may be displayed to the gaze' of' ' the world." And then once more ; r ; " Complete and reill freedom for everyone,"; ; freedom from moral restraint, from fear and intimidation, and from corruption," ; belongs to the essence of a council. An; ' ' assembly of men bound in conscience by their oaths to consider the maintainance ' " and increase of Papal authority their;; main object— men living in fear of in- cur ring the displeasure of the curia, and .' with it the charge of perjury, and the most burdensome hindrances in the dis charge of their office — cannot certainly be' Called free in all these questions which1'/, concern" the 'authority and claims of the / See of . Rome, and very few, at most, of ' the questions that .would have to be dis- ' cussed, at a council do not come under this J 1 category. None of our bishops have sworn ''' to make the good of the Church arid' of " religion the supreme object o f their actions ',' and endeavours ; the terms of the oaths provide only for the advantage of the curia , l (The Popish Court)." And now more es-" peqially with regard to the council asseffi- bled :' " The recently proclaimed council ! ;is to be held not only in Italy, but in Rome . /itself .(in the negotiations about a ' council v - :in the sixteenth f century, two demands were urged— first, 'that 'it should not.be held | 'in Rome, or' even' in Italy, and1 secondly, that the' ' bishops ' should be' " ' absolved from their oath of obedience); ' 7 and , already it has been announced that, ad the sixth Lateran eouncil, it; will adhere" 1 faithfully to the , fifth, „ ; Tha,t is .quite enough ; ; it means this — that iwbatever- . course thb synod may take, .one quality can \ never be; predicted of ' it, namely, that; it ' ;, has been a really free ! council,. Theologjans , ; and canonists declare that without complete : freedom the decisions of a council are not" '- binding, and the assembly is only a pspudo, '; ; synod. .. "'Hf These statem ents were made by a Roman Catholic of high standing, and after1 /a"," minute and thorough research ; and though, the book, " the Pope and the Council" , has been put on the index, it has never : :been refuted. But if Roman Catholics _ thus condemned and rejected the ' arroganfi j' claims of the meeting, are we not fully . warranted . in saying that it as much differs' from the council at Jerusalem as the bondage of unrighteousness fiom the liberty of Christ? We know that Peter" and James, with . , 