"THE WHITE DOVES." The Russian Government has been unsuc cessful hitherto in its attempts to stamp out a religious sect known as the Skoptzi, or "■white doves," the chief tenet of whose faith is the duty of celibacy. It is not very long since a large number of these people, including their chief, ivoudrinc, were put upon their trial, and now a fresh association of Skoptzi has been discovered in southern Russia, and 300 of their number are about to be tried at SimpheropoL The strength of this sect is to he found in the wealth of several of its most zealous adherents, and in the mingled ignorance and superstition of the people among whom converts arc sought. To illustrate this combination of two not very attractive qualities, the Si. Pcterdmrij Jour nal meutious a case recently tried at the Moscow assizes. A peasant accused of mur dering an old woman who was upon a pilgri mage, was asked by the judge why he had committed the crime, and replied that he was driven to it by hunger. The judge pointed out that the provisions were not touched, upon wliieh the prisoner exclaimed, in quite an indignant tone, "Doyou take me for a heathen? It was a Friday, and you surely dout suppose I should eat meat on that dayIt is upon imaginations such as these that the Skoptzi work, and the number of conversions which they effect is so great that tile Government is getting alarmed as to their progress. Each sectiou has its prophet who presides at religions meet ings, which are not held upon any lixed day or any particuiarplaee, ill order the more elfuo tually to elude discovery. The service takes place at night, ami commences by tiie sing ing of hymns composed by the propiiet aud committed to heart by liis congregation. Men and women take it in turns to sing after which they dance till they are exhausted The Greek Church they consider to he the receptacle of every sort of sin, and is termed by them the " Church of Babylonbut some of the Russian emperors, including Paul I. aud Alexander I., and also the Em press Elizabeth, are claimed as memiiers of their sect aud raised to the ranks of saints. They reject the sacraments, and express their opinions of priests by the saying that ample sleeves—the Russian priests wear them very large—hide a deceitful mind. Neophytes are only admitted after the celebration of elaborate rites, chief among which are invo cations to their saints, and especially to Akoulina Fvanovna, their Holy Virgiu. After this, singing aud dancing takes place, as at the ordinary religious meetings, the prophet puts on white stockings, and, with a Bible in his hand, prays for strength to work miracles. He then tells different members of the congregation what fate is in store for them. These doctrines are said to be accom panied by other practices of the grossest im morality. The following is related by the Southern Argus:—A wag, in endeavouring to play off a practical joke, was well " sold " a few nights ago. It appears that, since a man named Jeffrey was drowned in the creek some time back on the Gundary Plains, a rnmour has prevailed that a ghost has shown itself to travellers along the Buugonia Road, at or near the place where the unfortunate man had been drowned. A resident of Bun gonia, riding home from Goulliurn the other night, found that his horse could not he per suaded to pass the haunted spot, and look ing forward he saw something white sway ing from side to side on the road. The Bun goniatc dismounted, and succeeded in lead ing his horse up to where the supposed ghost was displaying its terrifying powers, and then suddenly mounting his animal, he at the same time gave a sharp cut of his whip across the face of the ghost, who emitted, not ar blue flame, with the attendant dis solving into thin air, but a painful sound perfectly human, and made a rush for an ad joining fence, which the ghost nimbly got over before tbe horseman, who closely pur sued him, was able to administer another cut o: the whip. 