TACKS AND (i HOSTS. It seems that a spook-tester has been - invented (or rather adjusted to circuui Htanees) that is more effective than a gun shot. -Sweet Katy King might have been killed, you know, if tbore bad been a naughty person with a gun wicked enough to interrupt the proceedings with a guu powaer test, liut mere is -u taclc mat saves life and yet is a very happy influ ence iu making apparent, the 'material element iu the mediuiuistic. See this little brightness iu the records from the editorial page of the A'. lr. Tinux : — 'There is nothing which is more revolt ing to a sensitive ghost than the sharp, flat-headed tacks known to artists as 'drawing-tacks.' .When one of these tackB is tossed on tbe stage where ma terialised ghosts disport themselves, it in variably remains with its point upwards. It may veadily be conceived thsit un un suspecting barefooted ghost who treads heavily oil such a treacherous aud ponQ tratiug tack would have a right to uiaui fest a hearty and .violent indignation. Iu-, deed, almost any amount of language on tho part of the injured ghost would jbe pardonod by all humane men. But what aid the ghost of Daniel Webster do when be recently tried to walk over a stage strewn with drawing-tacks during a \inu torlalitfng tioJuxMn a WisoonsStownS Wto.tbei««fc tick (Snteroa ':'(%$' oWiteifbosl's r|^ fo* bTcalto^, self on one leg, he ran another tack in his left foot, then lie broke silence by softly remarking 'ouch,' and it is doubtful if he would have repeated that statcraant, or ventured upon any other, had he not in cautiously sat down, and thus inserted two more tacks into his pers'in. Iu these circumstances he might have totally lost his temper, and no man could have had a word of blame for him ; but instead of leaving his ghostjy passions rise, he merely expressed his views nf the matter by the simple and touching remark, * Well ? by gosh !' and hurriedly with drew into the mystic cabinet.' Tut-: Wi/aiid and his Umbrella.— Mr. frost, in his recent book about con jurors, tells some amusing stories about Anderson, the 'Great Wizard of the North.'. Anderson had an umbrella, on which was engraved the words — ' Great Wizard of the North.' This caused apprehension frequently among tin- country folks. On one occasion, while he was staying at an inn, , no onu coulil be found to enter bin room, | and his meal* were placed outside ; the j bill was also delivered in the same fashion, j and great was the relief when the awful ! wizard took his d'-p irtnre. At another j time Anderson li.nl taken lodgings iu Fnrres, when the fatal inscription on the I umbrella caught the eye of the landlady. .1 weez.iiil are ye ( moil the attributed widow. 'Thou lor the love o gudeness gang oot ii' my house. I wadna lodge ye fur ae niglit uinW. luy rool', nac for a' the world ! l-'or the love o' Heaven gang ! awu, and t.-ik' your umbrella alaiiK wi' ye!' ! Anderson did not escape from the old lady '? f:ii easily, fur on throwing him the money i be bad deposited, -lie exclaimed that it burned Inr fingers, and full down iu a swiiou. In her fall she cut her face and causal it to bleed. Tlie neighbors declared Anderson had murdered the woman, and it was not until after spending a night in g.iul th-.il lie nbl.'iiiied liis release. ini.i noil. n ,-hihm; — a arcauim stnry re^ii'.iin,' the headmaster of a. wt'll kiinwii public seliool is ai pro~e.nl extant, lie I .itely had Mime qiie-l.- to dine with him. and ,-if'ii-r diiiin-i -. line one was graee 1 s- «_-?-? m_: Ii in Mi;_v.'i :i cigar. The li.-a.l iirisii'i- w.,s not a sniukor, but anxi 'iis in ai-'oniinodate liis guests, he pro p is.'.l iheir retiring t - some remote I'OOIll oi the iuiilding. ;iddiu,', with a stricken' iioi i.- -ienee. that the i;ily i-igars that he ci'iii ! oii'er them were some he Iml (.'iiiili-.ralcil l'roni one of the boys. Ni'tiiin'.' daunt. -.1, hi- giiesls went off l' i imJov ihe foibiil.li.-n luxury, and the i-i-'iii's nl; iii. Sn,iiii'iilv ;i uemeiidous expliisiou v. i- lieaiil, ;;in] one iVightened g'-iilii-iu in ?.?..is M.L.ii ti be ivgardiiig the sliattwed end .if Iii, cigar that bo still held in hi- iingii.-, while lie .seemed very ii.icertaiii whellierlii.s eye- had been blown ? 'It. The eiLj.ir was that mischievous soil which contain an explosive cracker. 'j'ii.-.v were abruptly thrown away, and a j silent vow regisieied by each and every j ? iiii' ol the party iii-vi:;- t-i receive cigars ; : -T. i i 1 1 from a iion-.siuoi;er. Moral. Don't j smoke i.vnliscited wunds.— M'aLru liok ,„ -..I. ,,i. A -i c'-i--i i l. cremation was (says the Sfln /-',v///r/.v.-,, \~eil--- Lt-1t,-r ) intYilxr /if. lecn-il iii tiiis city which bus not yet been mentioned by the Press. It was not the will ot' the deceased to have his remains so di-po-ed ot1, but his friends, sifter cut ting the head oil', stitching up the neck and removing all thft organs of the stom iich, placed the body in an oven specially prepared for the purpose. The legs of the (k'.Mised were drawn up against his sides, and broken at the knees, and the in terior of the breast was filled with a peculiar preparation of aromatic peppers. The body lay on a large iron vessel, in which was placed a little water, and the hunt of th« furnace was kept in the com partment by closing it securely and adding tuel lioni tune to tune. On opening the apparatus at the end of two hours the body was found well roasted, but not con sumed, and we grieve to say that the as sembled company cut portions from the flash and ate .liein in an adjoining room. This is not the hint time that a turkey has been thus treated in this Christian land. Imi-ohtaxt to AnriiiTKCTs.— There is a story on record of an architect repu diating any connection with the building fiateriiity, in the case of the lute eminent Mr. Alexander, architect of lSochester liridge and other linn buildings in Rent, lie was under cross-examination iu a special-jury cause at M;iidst--m;, by Ser geant -afterwards Jiaroil— Cjai-rnw, who wished to detract from the weight of his testimony, and after asking him what was his iiaiiie, proceeded : 'You are a builder, I believe !' 'Xo, sir, 1 am not a builder. J am an architect.' 'Tiley are iniich the same, 1 suppose V '1 beg your pardon, sir, 1. cannot admit that ; 1 consider them to be totally ilillerent.'' 'Oh, indeed! Perhaps you will state wherein this great diH'c'ieiiee consists.'' 'An architect, sir, prepares the plans, conceives the design, draws out tho specifications— in short, supplies the mind ; the builder is merely the bricklayer or the carpenter. The builder, in fact, is the machine ; the architect the power that puts the machine together, and sets it going.' 'Oh, very well, Mr. Architect, that will do ! And now, after your very ingenious distinction without a difference, perhaps you can inlorm the Court who was the architect of tbe Tower of Babel 1' The reply, for promptness and wit, is not to be rivalled in the whole history of rejoinder : 'There was no architect, sir — aud heuco the confusion.' 0--N.sisrj:.vcv. - 'My name is Carson— Ma'ry Carson,' remarked a very shadowy woman, as she grasped the railing and leaned forward till her nose was only sik inches from His Honor's eyes. '1 sus pected as much,' he replied. ' 'Tis sad t(i hear that you staggered into a wood yard and fell down in a drunken lit.' ' I never full down in no wood-yard,' she hotly replied ; '1 fell on the walk, and was carried into a wood-yard.' ' ' Odds is the difference, Sirs. Canon.'' -'Well, I don't want no one .U- slauder me. Mister Judge. I've got folks here, aud how'd they fuel to bear that I fell down in a wood-yard ? Wheu you put me on trial you ought to be consistent' 'Mrs. Carson, 'wore you intoxicated V 'I guess I was pretty near it.' 'Well, then. whnt's the difference whether you fell down on the wnlk or in a wood-yerd J' ' A great deal, sir ; and if tho mutter isn't set right I'll raise a fuss about it' ' But I'm. going to send you to the House of Correction.' -'1 know it, but you' vo got disgrace for mo to go'ther&: fftbe supdr- - inteudeut, who is a very -nice man, ca» ' staud it «jp tUoro, 1 guess! can.' 'fim^ glad fotffeA ihat *afc|i^a. Ctawffci Some women, iilapod^a your -ctrcum' Making an Hojnttr WoiUH.-fTt£, '.* following story was told me by a fetondflf ' the clergyman to whom it n&ffj-A; clergyman'sdaugbter, » litfle aim {¥*«, \ was reading a newspaper case in flrjiieh.* , woman complained thai a nan tdfawdio make ber an bouest womAD. 'fimr could be make ber ao honest woman, papa? she inquired. 'Bvmarryingjier, my dear,' soul her father, taking away the paper. That evening some parish ioners were taking tea st the parsonage. and the conversation— as is not nnnsuH at tea tables— turned on matrimony: Tbe little girl, to air the knowledge she had acquired in the morning, tamed to her mother, and asked aloud, 'Mamma, how long ago is it since papa made an honest woman of you?' She hag not since beeu allowed to sit when there are . visitors in the evening.— 'Atticus,' in tlie Leader. An old gentleman went out to shoot partridges, accompanied by his son. Tbe gun was charged half-way up the muzzle. and when at last theold gentleman started some birds he took a rest, and blazed away, expecting to see some fall, of course; but not so did it happen, for the gun re coiled with so much force as to 'kick' him over. The old man got up, and while rubbing the sparks out of his eyes inquired oi ins son, ' lmck, ma i point the ngtat cud of the gun to the birds V Hiou and Dry.— The Dutch have built a splendid ironclad, and cau't get it into the sea because they have not a canal big enough to float it. Let our Dutch friends keep their big ship where it is ; they will be able to see it occasionally — which is more than we, not being a nation of divers, cm say about some of ours.— Fun, 