[?] The engagement of Mr. Maoder and Miss Rcna at the Theatre Royal terminated somewhat abruptly on Saturday evening last. These artists are not by any means devoid of merit in small parts, bnt their venture- to Australia as stars proved a lamentable failure. It is to be hoped that the ro3iilt will be' regardod pour encourager . les aulrcs in America, where an impression seeins to prevail that any sort of rubbish will cir\ rliinm in f.lio rw\1nnma * MolHfMirnft nlf*.irrmni*a now-a-days, however, have a trick of under standing what a good thing is, and will not . accept the counterfeit and inferior article at any price. Under the circumstances, and pending the arrival of Mrs. Scott-Siddons . from Sydney, the management of the Eoyal were -thrown upon their own resources in order to fill up the gap. The result was the . production of a series of Shakspearian and standard plays, with which the intelligent public are more or leas familiar. This was a bold and enterprising stroke, and deserved all the success with which it was attended. The first play performed was Hamlet, with Mr. Dauipier in the title rol\ Mr. Dampier for many years has ' been identified with the Itoyal as stage manager, and during that time has proved himself a competent aud versatile actor. So might Mr. Harwood write if this artist were to sever his connection with the theatre, and carry with him credentials as to his antecedents. But Mr. Dainpior, deserves more than the stereotyped formula of re commendations, and it is but justice to him to say that the superior style in which pieces have been of late years placed on the stage jat the Royal is greatly pwing to his excellent taste, sound judgment and ex perience in such matters. He is as modest as he is capable, as unassuming as he is versatile. Without pretending to be able to take any and every part at the shortest notice— after the fashion of Bottom the weaver — he has never been found wanting when an emergency arose. We might enumerate many of the parts he has under taken, and in few has he been unsuccessful ; in none has he entirely failed. He has his faults, and they have been frequently, andseverely, commented upon. Thestrictures so applied have been taken, as they should be, in good part, and where judicious, acted upon. His style is essentially melodramatic, and at times stilted and artificial. At one time it seemed that the defects peculiar to the transpontine school were irremediable, and that no matter what character waa imper sonated it would be painfully apparent. The performance of Hamlet on Monday evening gives hope of much better things, and, consi deriug Mr. Darnpier's comparative youth, ho may yet achieve successes on the stage that will bring him to the front in his profession. He should not, however, be led away by the over-kindly advice of friends, and bec;iu to think himself capable of shooting forth as a star of the first mngnitude.v He is said to contemplate a tour through the colonies, and severing his connection with the Royal in the course of a few months. Such a stop we believe to be prematuro, and attended with' more than ordinary risk, not ao much pecuniarily as professionally. Few people arcs more sanguine than those connected with theatage, and tho prospect of starring engage ments hns a peculiar fasciuation for a young man, so that it is quito possible ho may persist in his resolution. In the colonies and ia provincial towns, judged by his Ham let. Mr. Dimpier may hope for a largo measure of succeBS ; but with most metro politan audionccs he might find matters not quito bo roseate. Beyond all doubt his im personation of the Prince of Denmark was a' capital one. Considering that it might be Huid to bo almost his fust C'.sar.y iu the part, it took 'tho public by surprise, it was evidently a labor of love with Mr. Darhprer- to think out the character Yfor himself, taking advantage of what he 'had previously witnessed of the interprota 'trono given by others, In figure and age he was weil suited for tho role, and the con ventional dress became him admirably* He hns, in addition to a good stage presence, a ^flexible and sympathetic voice, with a com pass not often found even with the best elocutionists, and he is complete master of the organ. He is an accomplished reader, and his recitations have always been woll -received. Again, he seems to have thopower of abstracting himself, and thoroughly identifying himself with a part, although, as we hinted above, a mannerism is apparent ?in biff mode of enunciating his words. With stage business he is perfectly conversant. -With suoh qualifications it wob only natural to expect that he would have given some thing' more than a mere respectable render ing of Hamlet, nor wero the public and his friends disappointed. The scone upon the ramparts with the ghodt appealed at once to the feelings of the audience. It conveyed uomething of the vague superstitious terror of the Prince as ho half prostrates himaolf in doubt and fear before the awful object 'that meets hl3 gaze. The bated breath and ? agonised tone of the eon who would glean 'something of the mysteries of tho dread *pristo house beyond the gravo was but the natural prelude to the horror evoked by bis wolat suspicions being confirmed as to his 'tmolG's guilt. The scene throughout was solemn and impressive, affording one, at ?least a glimpse of what Shakspearo intended to 'convey in this great drama, perhaps his noblestc.creation. The play scene) was a trifle boisterous, without boing effective at the '^loae, while in the opening -he omits :4nuch of the by-play with Ophelia. The ^closet scene with his mother is finely ren dered, and introduces some new business. 'His last scene with Ophelia is also deserving 'of pfaise. Gauged by the acting, we should Imagine that Mr. Dampier is not a believer in Hamlet's madness. The balance of his mind, though not by any means perfect, is still sufficient for the purposes of life, and the paroxysms of passion and inconsecutive ness of thought are simply assumed for the purpose of more surely avenging the murder of his father. In several of the soliloquies Mr. 'Dampier turned his elocutionary powers to very good account. ' What a rogue and 'peasant knave am I ' was, however, com menced in too high a key, so to. speak, eo that as he progressed, and the intensity of bis feeliuga increase until they carry him away, he is obliged of necessity to indulge in what seems very like rant. Some of tho best actors deliver this sitting soliloquy in a pensive attitude at first, until gradually -overwhelmed by the thoughts that arise utterance is found in an avalanche of ia 'vective. In the soliloquy 'To be or not to be,' Mr. Dampier, knowing it was a sort of crucial test, was apparently a little uorvous commencing. He worked mechanically to 'the centre of the stage, and proceeded in a ??slow argumentative tone. A3 he proceeded, and the painful uncertainty of the subject of -his speculation increased, he paced the stage like a: man communing with his own ' thbujjhts. The idea which doubtless dictated 'this bif of business is good, and with more practice it may be found of infinite service. Conveying the corpse of Ophelia across the stage, after she has been discovered -drowned, is another innovation, and should be preserved. 'Alas, poor Yorick'.was 'feelingly rendered, but the kindly remem brance of the king's jester should be some what more subordinated to the tone of 'reflection upon the questions which the con templation of the skull induces. This, how ever, was but a small matter. Mr. Dampier may be justly congratulated upon the ?performance. It was the beat Hamlet witnessed in Melbourne for years. The cast generally was favorable to the success of the play. Mr. Harwood made an excellent ghost. It was carefully rendered, and in not one instance jarrcufjupon one's standard of what the part should be. Mr. Stuart O'Briea has a just perception of Polonius, who from habit perhaps more than1 inclination is a court sycophant of the niost pronounced class. Laertes could not bo entrusted to better hands than thoBe of Mr. Appleton. Miss Blanche Stammers ful filled-the exigencies of the part of Ophelia very creditably, aud showed capacity for aome '?thing more fcthan the business she has of 'late been doing. Mr Laurence is dull, heavy and uninteresting as the king, and 'Mrs. Bryer'a queen was merely negative. ?Mr. Gladstone, from his ago and style, is quite ?uhsuited for the part of Horatio. With this exception the minor parts were very com patently filled. Mr. Greville's gravedigger comes in, of course, for considerable ap plause. Th'e opera bouffe of Les Pres St. Gervais, ? by the accomplished and popular Lecocq, '^wasftroduced for the first time in Melbourne ?ton 'Monday night, to an audionce which 'crowded the Opera HouBe. Groat expecta tions had been formed, no leas from report of the. opera, which was said to be little or a't all -inferior to Girofie-Girofla or La Fille do Madame Angot, than from the appear ance for the first time of all the principal singers of our opera company in the same piece. The work is comprised in the traditional threo acts, and there is an almost total absence of plot. Louis Frau cois de Bourbon, the youthful Priuce do Conti; and at the advanced age of sixteen colonel of the crack corps of the same name, has been carefully tutored by M. Harpin, his master, to believe he is, by reason of his birth, a most extraordinary young man. Unfortunately for the success of his teach ing, the youth has a propensity for looking at things for himself, and assumes a disguise for that purpose. After tho disagreeable experiences of being repulsed and having his ear3 boxed by a grisetto to whom ho makes love, and being wounded by a sergeant iu hi3 own regi rn&nt; to whom he has been rude, he even tually concludes that his tutorage has been a mistake, and the author of it a humbug. His rank is eventually revealed, and the roguery of his tutor established. Tho '?pivot' character is one Nicolo, a tradesman residing in tho now -Rue do Richelieu, Paris, who comprises in his family a termagant wife, Euphrasia ; a lovely daughter, Angclique ; a turbulent son, -'Adolphe ; a faithful apprentice, one Grcgoire, who is of cotiroo deeply at tached to hia mister's daughter ; aud a bonne, Toinou, about whom hduga u mystery. M. .Nicole is greatly yiven to tho society of pretty grisetles, and persecutes one Friquctte with hia attentions, howovcr. to no pur pose. This young lady, who is tho most moral and sensible personation iu fclio play, is the eamo who refuses the proffered love of the Prince. Madame Nicole dotes on the military, and ha3 a huugiy 'cousin,' La Rose, constantly in attendance, much to her henpectod mate's disgust. The great fun of tho piece takes place at a picnic iu the Fields of St. Gervais, from which the opera tako3 its name. The principal parts are as follow: — Conti, Miss Melvillo ; La Rose, Mr. Beaumont ; Harpin,' Mr. Leopold; Gregoiro, Mr. Braoy ; and Frlqnette, Miss Clara Thompson. As the Prince dc Conti, Miss Melville looked very charming, and sang still more charmingly, but she was scarcely ' mannish' enough even for a boy. Her dresses were, as' usual,' vory tasteful. Mr. Armes Beaumont, as tho Sergeant, La Rose, presented a good appearance, and sang aud acted throughout in a soldier-like manner. His associates, Sans Vorgogne and La Torreur, played by Messrs. J. Forde and Bell, were very successful in causing merri ment. These characters are in the style of the celebrated gonsdarmes in Genevieve do Brabant. Miss Clara Thompson, as Friquette, is a sensible grisette, a terror to silly beaux and intriguing husbands. Her singing was an admirable help to the general success of the opera. Mias Winston was moderately suc cessful as Angelique, the lover of Uregoire (Mr. Bracy), her father's apprentice. The part scarcely suits her, but in the one chance she had of 'displaying her voice she delighted by her admirable taste and expression. Mr. Bracy also deserves praise for his share in the same scene of the second act, where the lovers are parted. Mr. George Leopold scored a success in Harpin, the disaembling tutor of the Prince. Iu the . third act there was some drunken tomfoolery on the sfcage, which was about as little funny as anything could well be, Mr. Johnson as Nicole, Mis3 Wooldridge a3 Toinon, and Mra. Fox aa Madame Nicole, respectably represented those parts. There i3 little scenery to mention, but that of the third act is well put on. A modified presentation of ? the Parisian quadrille was given in the last act — danced by the principals— with pretty effect. ' The choruses were genornlly steady, and the band parts, though occa sionally too loud, have been effectively scored by Mr. Zelmau. On Saturday evening the Rev. Charles Clark delivered his farewell lecture on Charles Dickens in the Town Hall, to an enthusiastic and overflowing audience. At the conclusion of the lecture, in response to a general call, Mr. Clark B'pok'e as follows : — 'Ladies and Gentlemen, — There remains but one thing more to say. All this evening, in spite of the mirthful subject which has engaged U3, I have felt overshadowed by the fact that I have now to say good-bj-e. There is something in the idea of the last time which subdues the heart with melancholy, even when only use and wont have held us to our daily work ; but when the relations of those who part have been cordial and kindly, surely the recipient of countless favors would be cold aud hard indeed if he could say the latest words without emotion; Look ing back ao'roas my seven years of Mel bourne life, I can honestly say they have been good and pleasant years. Like dear old Dr. Primrose, I have ? lived in great con tent, not but that I have had those occasional rubs which Providence sends to enhance the value of its favors.' My troubles, how ever, have been largely of my own making, and whenever they have beset me there has always been some way of escape, and to-day I can gratefully testify that it was a good Providence which guided my feet to Mel bourne. (Loud applause.) Of my minis* terial life I will not speak, but referring speoially to that profession which I have now adopted, I believe I may say that that act has received an emphatic endorsement from the public throughout the colonies, and particularly in this city. (Applause.) Surely, then, the most modest man — whom you see before you— (a laugh) — may be pardoned the expression of a little exultation over the fact that in a place where ho has been constantly preaohing for more than six years, and can therefore bo no novelty, there should be thousands of persons willing to pay. a liberal tariff to hear his nightly utterances from a secular platform. (Hear, hear.) I feel that my success in large measure is due to the exertions of my manager, Mr. R. S. Smythe. who has superintended my movements from the beginning, and will be my faithful com panion now that I seek 'fresh woods and pastures new.' To the critical press of this city and tho colonies generally I am under obligations, the sense of which no time nor distance can obliterate ; but it is to the great generous public my grateful remembrances will ever chiefly turn. I will not feel that this parting is an utter severance, but though for a season I may wander iu other lands, should life and health be spared, I am sure tho ties that hold me to this city of the south, however elastic, will in due time draw me baok again. (Applause.) Meanwhile I will pray Almighty God that upon our colony and its people, in all their relations aud interests — national, civil, social, domestic and commercial — a benignant Heaven may shed tho dews and sunshine of its effectual blessing, and so God save you, aud faro well.' (Loud applause.) 