rr 1 ovel / " JAM1 1OO. oo1hiithe 0 go I ndtibbllL iyli Y 1tlibv ,d ii titl lad. thmn boon,.mndo.am tho loVtiof fa tlirld subatantinl luldin, for Jli6' ti o6stprIn thIse~focophlf wls b'sla)nid bjoop't~'6 tvll:,..thd' 1Ronithsl; Gthol b 'GhutBoldi isbmnolmn~osths aolso omid flandf"' nlotswoI. hl??h?istnnoon, s 'Phl bullding whoen 1lu6tu1dncordlng td thddeldlign (li,'MEt' Iif ll b1 in so rospots hd , r, tj t t hile o, is it ot ld1hcm titmhbsp1eyo:splyltdrt:tlrnsui~l iai Intondedi to oroot nt roaont qnly.tlho navo and~psrob, with n torm rnojrry, p, yr?, ,tlh, tphonool ord towor bohhisnlft t6"il66iii' oodi.! voniont eeason,'IIl 1 t urrhj Q\ ortl!,An)l south a thb pobo lld lf to hsorthoid fnoong thm ')d Whiloh ]oi tijill t' ll',?tl6t Jiom',he bin irohd:" 'lailS' I 01hi' abt/v( ill '4rowood wiith a mollu;gblot.' 'TItt l⁢~ his r' Cld:lllh 'jl ndrid 'th'ljuldiiig wllI '11?)0,fso hininono windg~l,s 1.' .,ono9 l,/dV,' 'I hio' horno s'fllxty g? uu)L 4'?j?,, t ;,wjiq,, Thos whl~s'wihi his ididtoi|'l, out; (oh hioijOic hiigh, the material nlboson for their con. strnction hIcihg;a hkind of sandstone quar. ri?d in the neighbourhood. The win. dow, copsisting of throee channcel lights, intended ultimately for the chuncel, will be placed in the south end, but so as to be romoveable whenever it; is decidpd to carry out the cbancl, which will open into the nave by an elegant, but; apparently not wide or lofty archway. The building will hanrve an open timber roof, the eflbct of which is likelyj to be very good, if not botched in tho erocution as in' sodinihi~ilai;. ces that I wot of. On the tower, whinhl ia will occupy the nuglo formed 'by 'tio' navn ' and chancel, and stand at the outh-onast corner of 'tllb'iilding, thired rill" li' whit " is called, I think, a broach spiro, --that is, 'one without any parapet wall round its base, •r dopbling the height of-the ltower, and risinig, as above mentioned;' to .bilhty. or ninety eot,..:;If:all the 'ch'urol t6w?bodo'I'I ': nuonced or projected in this village wore" completed, the place would finally "desperve-. thie appellation of 'WoodsTl.Ppk.Towera. But structures of this sort, being a,kind.of1 ,' luxury not' ery highly :appreoiia;'di byi6 . people in general, are very apt tp, remain. unfhlilihied.' Out'of lour in 'Jamborob' niid' Kiama, only one, viz., that oft'lhd"?Presb?f: ' ', terian Chlurch in this villageoean:bo sald to1,:: hayo been.Quishod,. !And.thia, in: faot,1has : not only been dockoed of a. kindofapiro.v which it was to have liad, but requires still some small nmboint'df lwork tcirds finish. ing its brick battldmenta. ' The ground in front of this church, however, has been re cently planted; and there has been no de Iny in furnishing such adjuncts as the fon. cing and so forth. From its position it looks to antyone viewing it from on,ofno,oftho... naoighbouring hills, qulit'like the cliurch'of ' the village. It is a great pity thatl tho * Anglican church of tlhe Itsurrectioir, which' at its openaing was pronounced by some of the clergy in attendance to be thlo beit ' church out of Sydney, not only makes' n6 progress towards completion but is'daily deteriorating,. The material used foi' its w~illhi, was a porous kind of brick made in ; Jamboroo, and though their colour is vory tolerable rod ind they wore carefully laid, I doubt very muchli if tlihe walls, espeoially' 'the south and cast walls, bave evoe b'con dry since tlio' flit hioavy raii that doouried after tlheir eorton. Tlhe ., roncbligray, which was pse'd for colouring the wills' in .' aide lias turpod. t a sort of mouldy 'black; Iand divn tlhoostono-work of tlio interior,'I believe,, it in 'course of' deaomposition, thlrough the operaticn of the acids which *tlin-moisturo brings out of the mortar. Whethur this is anybody's business at all, or whether " there's nobody cares," I can. not say. If there existed thls will and the means to do anything in it, I' imagino that the composition calleod liyuil glass, from twlnt I hear of, its ;qualitios would boa.tho r?nitit'thing to use on this unfortunate building, which seeroms dbsiiied' to pro. mature decay fiom the' u h"eloot or parsimony of those, whddoior tlihey are, that should takelto care of it; The stain-: od glass windows, of Sydney manufao. turo, that .hlvo boon recently pit "uppin ' this church, do not cominro very advanri titgoously willth the original ones which weore ecuueted iu London,. Thle latter, thoughli theyhave all the vices of niodiovql design, so' sorsilely 'dlldwcd by nmodern ehoclesiastiuiol artists, preseOnt at any rate a fine bliie of'.colour, and are oxollrnt'samti planH of .whnt they ire intended to bi. ' Tho Sydney'windown haveo, in com[)narison, a incshed ouli sort of aipporanrt o n and mimindt imoasiombw iat of thei way in which' artists cover tli (igiureo which theoy intend1 to re present ghosts; ,andthis fault, sullloientl]:i obvious in itself,'is aggravated by the prox iiiity o.f the fine, deep Norman oolouring in the east hnd west windows, By thb way, I[forgot to mention' thlat thie Oontractors, for the Roman' Cntholio ohapel are-for' tliolatone.work, Mr. Daly, of Shiolll'arbouir; and for tho wood.work, a Mr. Golding,unot. reviously known, I believe, in this neigh ' Tie big ,bridgo,attt'PgioQ'8 Orok, conti- . nuoa (if I may use ono of the most dotoat able of all phrases) to " progress fiavour ably;" arind the contraiot.for the approacheoa sYBtaken l odii'dllttld ti de'lgo"'.,by!theaoou traditor'i for'thelidridge. "Tihose pproaohes ar. to be of' stone and :alolitt "isdlit is iniiuhl to be fonrod'tlilt'/stohl' onstrutibon will,'ini"a heavy flood, not only bo injured themselres, but cause the water to -ru (withl aditiolidl vthblrii nt Ihu' t rhe r of thoen oppObinllv tl, thlio.lw'nr,or inotliorn, sid, M r. T-. Wocod, I unilerrtand, hial eIRngageI d to do thle Irtitnl work of thes.e aniproaheliu iand uii)lsi strong iiinlrest in doiiig wluit o ri' l h idoi 'to H'ltieit'h'It rtok' i ii s lie wful wiiy. It ithip'u ht by' lnu who lilvt iheen riiuth'f'ut"urt'li"hldods awi', luavi hiro,'i hift i 'nitiii'letter way to supply ithe up'l'irditlimei wouldl ihanv b bec by carryin out the pinto form ofllthe bridug to a silleient distanue o0g.cacdl side. This crook, when in flood, lihas freqnautly stopped thie lii,4sigio of the ninils altolgthtJrl O one a l dnay;durihgtli t' )l tiiu, tlioulghlthe water, was too :ligh to allwdd i vicle to get throltl}guo,.th girders of the bridgo nallbrded' lib'o mil.oarrler' the opportuuity of crossing with-tho bnag on lhi bUnak, iitif ithis bridgaois:still' inoom, plolo, there is another one flliaod at I spot ndt far oiff; and an istoniehing work it i. It is a hiugh.lovel blirlgo, having at onlalh an particularly, io)?jarig sBirosBc wliioh may be used,h'pernits, safoly enough, wldi ii ih'at oaro is.tlion, butwtiloi oannot bo app biibli'od whion there is any, oousdJerable fre?h''intloo crook, Moreovrt, vwdnlo fdlls ;oomplipln that the bridgo is so hi/Pil, thley are afraid to wnlh onbit (Andeas'itootitislt of t siniloa log of? 'nl;rdt'sisoi:t'itii ld not. " bo at all' srpnrisaing It'f chijljrn wprapto slip: I uidor the li handrail'w'itll 'hIh'it isi fur -I- thInk I have I nowfnw'rlttonna'itpretty .. leofihtlyi'ovlow.,pfi rpythitgqturgal, mtl oqCgM,i p.rjlI g opbrdiitb'orihieb a tnd I hlopo thodsu )f!,q rad] tho yarn will bo tho wisor for it, S'.' :.i, .. _ .iiiuiAj .' y'. " ui :',j 