My Chateaux. of JHA aloRGE Wim m CURTIS. - In Xanadu did Kubla Khan A stAtal) pleasurtf-iljiut. decree Leipzig r I Alt the owner of great estates. Many of them do. in the west ; but the greater part are in Spain. You may see my western possessions any evening at sunset, when their spires and battlements flash against the horizon. It gives me a feeling of pardonable importance, as a proprietor, that they are visible, to my eyes at least, from any part of the world in which I chance to be in my long voyage around the Cape of Good Hope to India the only voyage 1 over made when I was a boy and a supercargo), if I fell homesick, or sank into a reverie of all the pleasant homes I had left behind, I had but to wait until sunset, and then looking toward the west, I beheld my clustering pinnacles and towers brightly burnished as if to salute and welcome me. So, in the city, ii I get vexed and wearied, and cannot find my wonted solace in sallying forth at dinner-time to contemplate the gay world of youth and beauty hurrying to the congress of fashion, or if I observe that years are deepening their tracks around the eyes of my wife Pine, I go quietly up to the housetop, toward evening, and refresh myself with a distant prospect of my estates. It is as dear to me as that of Eton to the poet Gray ; and, if I sometimes wonder at such moments whether I shall find those realms as fair as they appear, I am suddenly reminded that the night-air may be noxious, and, descending, I enter the little parlor where Pruo sits stitching, and surprise that precious woman by exclaiming, with the poet's pensive enthusiasm, Thought would destroy their PAKIUIK, No more whose ignorance is the;?, "THE folly to be wise. . Columbus, also had possessions in the west and as I read aloud the romantic story of his life, my voice quivers when I come to the point in which it is related that sweet odours of the land mingled with the seasons, as the admiral's fleet approached the shores that tropical birds flew out and fluttered around the ships, glitter- ing in the sun, the gorgeous promises of the new country that boughs, perhaps with blossoms not all decayed, floated out to welcome the strange wood from which the craft were hol- lowed. Then I cannot restrain myself. I think of the gorgeous visions I have seen before I have even undertaken the journey to the west, and I cry aloud to Prue, " What sun-bright birds, and gorgeous blossoms, and celestial odors will float out to us, my Pruo, as we approach our western possessions !" The placid Prue raises her eyes to mine with a reproof so delicate that it could not be trusted to words and after a moment, she resumes her knitting, and I proceed. J. These are my western estates, but my finest castles are in Spain. It is a country famously romantic, and my castles are all of perfect pro- portions, and appropriately set in the most picturesque situations. I have never been to Spain myself, but I have naturally conversed much with travellers to that country ; although, I must allow, without deriving from them much substantial information about my property there. The wisest of them told me that there were more holders of real estate in Spain than in any other region he had ever heard of, and they are all great proprietors. Every one of them possesses a multitude of the stateliest castles. From conversation with them you easily gather that each one considers his own castles much the largest and in the loveliest positions. And, after I had heard this said, I verified it, by discovering that all my immediate neighbors in the city were great Spanish proprietors. One day as I raised my head from entering some long and tedious accounts in my books, and began to reflect that the quarter was expir- ing, and that I must begin to prepare the balance-sheet, I observed my subordinate in office, but not in years, (for poor old Titbuttom will never see sixty again !) leaning on his hand, and much abuse acted. " Are you not well, Titbottom ?" asked I. " Perfectly, but I was just building a castle in Spain, said he. I looked at his rusty coat, his faded hands, Elia and eye, and white hair for a moment, in great surprise, and then enquired, " Is it possible that you own property there too ?" He shook his head silently and still leaning on his hand, and with an expression in his eye as if he were looking upon the most fertile estate of Andalusia, he went on making his plans ¡ laying out his gardens, I suppose, building terraces for the vines, determining a library with a southern exposure, and resolving which should be the tapestried chamber. "What a singular whim," thought I, as I watched Titbottom, and filled up a check for four hundred dollar!), niyquavteily salary, "that a man who owns castles in Spain should be deputy book-keeper at nine hundred dollars a year !" When I went home Late my dinner silently, and afterwards sat for a long time upon the roof of the house, looking at thy western property, and thinking of Titbottom. It is remarkable that none of the proprietors have ever been to Spain to take possession and report to the rest of us the state of our property there. I, of course, cannot go, I am too much engaged. So is Titbottom. And I find it is the case with all the proprietors. We have so much to detain us at home that we cannot get away. But it is always so with rich men. i Prue sighed once as she sat at the window and saw Bourne, the millionaire, the president of innumerable companies, and manager and director of all the charitable societies in town, going by with wrinkled brow and hurried stop. I asked her why she sighed. '? Became I was remembering that my mother used to tell me not to desire great riches, for they occasioned great cases." said she. i " They do indeed," answered I, with emphasis, remembering Titbottom, and the impossibility of looking after my Spanish estates. * Prue turned and > looked at me with mild surprise ; but I saw that her mind had gone down the street with Bourne I could never discover if he hold much Spanish stock. But I think be does. All the Spanish proprietors have a certain expression. Buunie has it to a remarkable degree. It is a kind of look, as if, in fact, a man's mind were in Spain. Bourne was an old lover of Prue'?, and he is not married, which is strange for a man in his position. It is not easy, for me to say how I know so much, as I certainly do, about my castles in Spain. The sun always shines upon them. They stand lofty and fair in it luminous, golden atmosphere; a little hazy and' dreamy, perhaps, like the "Indian summer, but in which no gales blow and there are no tempests. All the sublime mountains, and beautiful valleys, and soft landscape, that I have not yet seen, are to be found in the grounds. They command a noble view of the Alps ; so fine indeed, that I should be quite content with the prospect of them from the highest tower of my castle, and not care to go to Switzerland. The neighboring ruins, too, are as picturesque as those of Italy, and my desire of standing in the Coliseum, and of seeing the shattered arches of the Aqueducts stretching along the Campagna and melting into the Alban Mount, is entirely quenched. The rich gloom of my orange groves is gilded by fruit as brilliant of complexion and exquisite of flavor as any that ever dark-eyed Sorrento girls, looking over the high plastered walls of Southern Italy, hand to the youthful travellers, climbing on donkeys up the narrow lane beneath. The Nile flows through my grounds. The Desert lies upon their edge, and Damascus stands in my garden. I am given to understand, also, "that the Parthenon has been removed to my Spanish possessions. The Golden Horn is my fish-preserve ; my flocks of golden fleece are pastured on the plain of Marathon, and the honey of Hymettus is distilled from the flowers that grow in the vale of Brassall in my Spanish domains. From the windows of those castles look the beautiful women whom I have never seen, whose portraits the poets have painted. They wait for me there, and chiefly the fair-haired child, lost to my eyes so long ago, now bloomed into an impossible beauty. The lights that never shone glance at evening in the vaulted halls, upon banquets that were never spread. The bands I have never collected play all night long, and enchant the brilliant company, that never was assembled, into silence. In the long summer mornings the children that I never had, play in the gardens that I never planted I hear their sweet voices sounding low and far away, calling, " 1 either father ! I see the lost fair haired girl, grown now into a woman, descending the stately st sure of a) castle in Sp mi, stepping out upon the town, and pi I) ing with those children they bound away together down the garden , but those voices Later, this the of airily tailing, "Mother mother ' But there is a stranger untie til in this in my Spanish estates he having slopes on whom li, when a child, I played, in my father sold country place, which was sold when he failed, are all there, and not in flower of ided, nor a blade of grass here They cou leaves have not fallen from the spring woods of half a century ago, and a gorgeous autumn has blazed undimmed for fifty years among the trees I remember Chestnuts are not especially sweet to my palate now, but those with which I used to prick my) fingers when gathering them in New Hampshire woods are exquisite as ever to my taste, when I think of eating them in Spain I never ride horseback now at home , but in Spain, when I think of it, 1 bound over all the fences in the country, bare backed upon the wildest horses Sermons I am apt to find a little soporific in this country, but in S, am I should listen as reverently as ever, for proprietors must set a good example on their estates Plays are insufferable tomeheie,-Pruo and I never go Prue, indeed, is not quite sure it is moral, but the theatres in an) Spanish castles are of a prodigious splendor, and when I think of going there, Pruo sits in a ii out box with me, a kind of royal box, the good woman after ed in such wise as I have never seen her here, while I wear my white we since it, a% held in Sp he has no appearance of mending, but dazzles with no mortal new nets, and 18 a meticulous lit Yes, and in those castles in Sp un, The is not the placid, breeches patching helpmate, with whom you are acquainted, but her face has a bloom which we both remember, and her move mont a grace which my Spanish swans Emulate, and her voice a music sweeter than those that orchestra discourse She is always there what she seemed to me when I fell in love with his, man) and man) years ago The neighbors called her then a nice, capable of, and certainly she did knit and dam with a zeal and success to which my feet and my legs have testified for nearly half a century But flic could spin a finer vv cb than over came from cotton, mci in its sub lemon lies my heart was enlarged, and there has repo ed softly) unshipped) Ever since 'the neighbors declined she could make pudding and cake better fit in any) girl of her HL but stale bread from Pines hand was allusions to my p date 'Sho who makes everything well, even to making neighbors speak well of her, will surely make good wife, said I to myself when I knew her, and the echo of a half century answers, a good wife " So, when I meditate my Spanish castles, I see Prue m thom its way heart saw her standing by her father's door "Age cannot wither her fineness made in the Spanish mr tint pin lying lima He glides by unnoticed and no noticing I greatly admire the Alps, which I see so distinctly from my Spanish wind has I delight in the taste of the southern fruit that ripens upon us) terraces, I enjoy the pensive shade of the Italian ruins in my travels , I like to shoot crocodiles, and talk with the Sphinx upon the shores of the Nile, flow me through my domain, I am glad to drink shelters in Damascus, and Mecca my flocks on the 11 runs of Mat then , but I would resign all these for over rather compare with that Spanish port rut of Prue for a day Nay, have I not rescued than all of ore or, to live with that port trait s eli singing original * 1 have of ten wondered how I should reach my castles 1 he desire of going come. over me yet strong) sometimes, and I ende iv or to see how I can arrange my affairs so as to get in is to till the truth, I am not quite sure of the route, -I mean, to that particular part of Spain in which my estates lie I have enquired a try particularly, but nobody BCCIIIS to know precisely One morning I met young Aspen, trembling with excitement "What a the matter I asked I with interest, for I knew that he held a great deal of by much stock OF 1 ' said he, " I in going out to the possession I have found the way to my castles in Spain " Dear me I ' 1 answered, with the blood streaming into my) face and heedless of Prut, pulling my those use' it upped,-" what is it ! ' "'the du cut route is through California I, ' answered he " But then you have the sea to cross after an ds," said I, remember ing the map Not at all answered Aspin, " the road runs along, the short of the Sacramento line He darted aw t) from me, and I did not meet him again I was is very, curious to know if he arrived safely) in Spain, and was expect every day to hear news from hint of an) pi openly there, when one evening I bought an extra, full of California news and the first thing upon which my eyes fell was this "Died in San Pi incisco, Edward Aspen, Esq aged 21 ' There is a large body of the Spanish stockholders who believe with ABpm and suit for Culifotnii every week I have not yet heard of their in i iv trout at their castles, but I suppose they are so busy with their own and was there, that they have no time to write to the rest of us about the condition of our property There was no) wife's cousin, too, Tona'lian Bud, who is a good, honest youth from the country, and, after a few weeks absence, he burst at J the office one day), just as I was dancing in) books, and whispered to me, eagerly, "I've found my far tie in Sp m I put the blotting paper in the leaf deliber water), for I was rarer now than when Aspen had excited mi, and looked at my wife's cousin, Jonathan Bud, inquiringly " Polly Bacon, values tired he, winking I continued the interrogative glance " She is going to in for) me, and she 11 show me the way to Spain,' Bind Jon than Bud, hilari- ously "Shell make you walk Spanish, Jonathan Bird, said 1 And so she does He makes no more hilarious remarks He never bursts into a room He does not ask us to dinner He says that Mrs Bud does not like smoking Mrs Bud his net yea and babies She has a way of saying Yar said" which destt 698 conversation, and casts a gloom upon society Itocttinedto me that Bourne, the million- nature, must have ascertained the safest and most expeditious route to Spain , so I stole a few minutes one afternoon, and went into his office He was sitting at his desk, writing rapidly, and Surrounded by hits of papers and pictures, specimens, boxes, everything that covers the tables of a great morell into In the outer rooms clerks were writing Upon high shelves over their heads were huge chests, covered with dust, dingy with age, many of them, and all marked with the name of the firm, in large black letters, -"Bourne b Dye" They were all numbered also with the paper year , some of them with a single capital B and dates extending back into the last century, when old Bourne made the great fortune, before he went into partnership with Dye Everything was indicative of immense and increasing prosperity There were several gentlemen in waiting to converse with Bourne (we all ed him so, familiarly, down tow n), and I waited until they went out But others came in There was no pause in the rush All kinds of enquires were made and answered At length I stepped up " A moment, please, Mr Bourne ' He looked up hastily), wished me good morning, which he had not done to any of the others, and which courtesy I attributed to Spanish sympathy "What is it, an he asked blandly, but with a naked brown "Mr Bourne, have you any castles in Spain ? ' said I, without preface lit looked at me for a few moments without speaking, and without seeming to see me His brow gradually smoothed, and his eyes, apparently looking into the street, west really, I have no doubt, feasting upon the Spanish landscape "Too many, too many," said he at length, amusingly shaking his head, and without address- ing me I suppose he felt himself too much extended, as we say in Wall street He feared, I thought, that he had too much impracticable property elsewhere, to own so much in Spain , so I asked, "Will you tell me what you consider the shortest and safest route thither, Mr Bourne ? For, of course, a man who drives such an immense trade with all parts of the world, will know all that I have come to enquire " "My dear sir, answered lie, wearily, "I have been trying all my life to discover it, but none of my ships have ever been there, none of my captains like any it point to make they bring me, us they brought my father, gold dust from Guinea, mr) piculs, and precious st mes from every part of the earth, but not ft if, not a solitary flower, from one of my castles in Spain I have sent clerks, agents, and to a sale] s of all kinds, philosophers, pleasure limits, are invalid-,, in all sorts of ships, to all sorts of places, but none of them ever saw or heard of my castles, except one young poet, and he died in a mad house " Mr. Bourne, will j in like five thousand at ninety ser en? hastily demanded a man, whom is he entered, I recognised as a stoker " We make a splendid thing of it Bourne nodded assent, and the broken d13 appeared "Happy man. muttered the merchant, is the he ever went out, "he has no castles in Spain ' "I am sorry to have troubled you, Mr Bourne," said I, curing "I am glad you came,' returned he " but I assure you, had I know the route you hoped to ascertain from me, I should have sailed in 1rs and years ago People sail for the North west Passage, which is nothing when you have found it Why don't the English Admiralty fit out expeditions to discover all our castles in Spain" He sat lost in thought " Its nearly post time, sir," said the clerk Mr Bourne did not heed him He was still musing and I turned to go, wishing him good 11101 ning When I had nearly reached the door he called me back, say tug, as if continuing his remarks, "It is strange that you, of all men, should come to ask me this question If I cm j any man, it is you, for I sincerely assure you that I suppose you lived altogether upon your Spanish estates I once thought I knew the way to mine I gave directions for furnishing them, and ordered bridal bouquets, which were never used, but I suppose they are there still ' He paused a moment, then said slowly, " How n your wife? I told him that Pi no was well that she was always remarkably well Mr Bom no she 101 me warmly by the li and " 111 ink you, said he "Good 11101 nag" I knew why he thanked me , I knew why he thought that I tried altogether upon my Spanish estates, I know a little bit about those bud in bouquets Mr Bourne the tmlltoiiu sure, was an old lover of Pities There is something very odd about these Spanish castles When I think of them, 1 somehow see the fine line ed girl whom I know when I was not out of short jackets When Bourne medicines them, he sees Pius and me quietly n home 111 then best chambers It is a very singular thing that my wife should be lnanothu man's e side in Spain At length I resolved to ask Pitholloin if he had over heard of the best 1 late to our cables He said that he owned castles and sometimes there was in expression in his face, as if he saw them I Luigi by did I should long ago have asked him if he had 01 el observed the turrets of my po sessions in the west, without leading to Spain, if I had not failed he would suppose I was mocking his po\ 11 by I hope his poverty his not turned his head, for he is very forlorn One Sunday I went with him a few miles into the country It was a sift, blight day, the fields an 1 hills lay turned to the sky, as if every leaf and blade of grass weiojictvcs and to the touch of the sun I almost felt the gi amid warm under my feet Thenicidows waved and glittered the lights and shadows were exquisite, and the distant hills seemed only to remove the hot 1/011 further aw it As we strolled along, picking wild flowers, for it was 111 summer, I was thinking what 11 fine day it was for a trip to Spain, when Titb item suddenly exclaimed, ' lb ink Gtd I own this landscape "You ? I returned I "Coitanti), said he "Why, I answered, "I thought this was part of Bonnie s property ' litbottnn smiled "Does BOLITHO own the sun and sky ? Does I Bourne own that pilling shadows yonder ? Does Bourne own that golden Instit of the grain, of the motion of the wood, or those ghosts of hills, that glide pulled along the hot 1/011? Bourne owns the time and fences, I own the beauty that makes the landscape, or otherwise how could I own castles in Spain ' ' That was very true I respected Titbottom more than ever 'Do yon know,' said he after a long pause, "that I fancy my castles be just beyond those distant hills At all dents, I can see them die timely from the summits ' He smiled quietly as he spoke, audit was then I asked, "But, Robottom hive you never discovered the way to them I' "Den mc I yes, answered he, " I know the way well enough but it would do no good to follow it I should give out before I aimed It is 1 long and difficult journey for a man of my years and habits-and income, he added so is he As he spoke he seated himself upon the ground, and while he pulled long blades of grass and, putting them both on his thumbs, whistled shrilly, he said - I have never known but two men was reached thin estates in Spain " Indeed I said I, " how did they go ? ' "One went over the side of 11 hip, and the other out of a three story window,' said lit before, fitting a brohad hands between his thumbs and blowing 11 demoniacal blast "And I know one proprietor who resides upon his estates constant!),' continued who it he is that "On. oilfield Slug, whom you may see my day at the asylum, Just consumers from the hunt, is going to call upon his friend the On id I 1111, or dressing for the wedding of the Man in the Moon, 01 neening 11 ambassador from Timbuctoo) Whenever I go to see him, bring 1 insists that I am the Pope, disguised as 1 journey man carpenter, and he ultu teams mo 111 the most distinguished I 111 inner Hu ah 11 j s raises up in kissing my foot, and I bestow up 11 him, kneeling, the apostolic bel diction This is the only Spanish proprietor in possession with which I -in icqu united And he saying, Robottom hy buck up in the ground and, making a spy 1 is on his h m 1, Mirvciid the landscape through it 'This was a m motions book keel or of more than sut) I "I know another man who held in his Spanish castle for two months, and then was tumbled out head first That was young Stun mug, who mm ned old Buhl s daughter She was all smiles, and 111 line was all final, and Stunning was all bliss, for two mouths So I carried his head in the clouds and felicity in solutely is aimed at his eyes He was dimmed in love , acting, as usual, not what really was, but what he fancied He lived so exclusive]) III his castle, that he forgot the office down town, and one morning there came a fall, and Stunning was smashed " 'Robottom iropo, and stooping 01 u, contain plated the landscape, with his he id down between his legs " It 's quite a new effect, so, ' s in the rumble book keep at " Well, paid I, " Stunning failed ? ' "0 yes, smashed all up, and the castle III Spain came down about his ears with 1 tre nervous crash The family sugar was all dis solved into the original came an a moment I uri times are over are they Heigh ho ? the falling stones of Stunning u castle have It for their marks all over his face I call them his Spanish seals" "But my dear Titbottom," said I, "what is the matter with you this morning ? Your usual sedateness IS quite gone "It's only the exhilarating air of Spain, he answered "My castles are so beautiful that I can never think of them, nor speak of them, without excitement, when I was younger I desired to reach them oval more ardently than now, because I heard that the philosopher 's stone was in the vault of one of them " "Indeed," said I, yielding to sympathy ; "and I have good reason to believe that the fountain of eternal youth flows through the garden of one of mine Do you know whether there are any children upon your grounds ? " ' The children of Alice call Bartrum father I " replied Titbottom solemnly, and in a low voice, as he folded his faded hands before him, and stood erect, looking wistfully over the landscape The light wind played with his thin white hair, and his sober black suit was almost sombre in the sunshine the li of bitter expression, which I had remarked upon his f tee during. art of our conversation, had passed away, and the old and now had returned to his eye He stood, in the pie want morning, the very image of a great proprietor of castles in Spain " There is wonderful music there," he said "borne tunes I tw take at night, and hear it. It is full of the sweetness of youth, and love, and a new world The uni listen, and I seem to arrive at the treat gates of my estates they swing open up an noiseless hinges, and the tropic of in) dreams receives me Up the broad stops, whose music pavement mingled light and shadow print with shifting trios lie, beneath the boughs of Illations oleanders, and palms, and trees of uiiiiua0in ible fi grace, I pass into the vestibule, worn with summer odors, and into the presence chamber beyond, where my vine water in his castle, and wife, and odorous woods, and pictures, and statues, and all the bright substance of my household, seem to reel and thunder in the splendor, as the music facts But when it swells again, I clasp the wife to my heart, and we move on with a fan society, beautiful women, noble men, before whom the tropical luxuriance of that world bonds and bows in homage and through endless days and nights of eternal summer, the stately row 1 of our Ufo proceeds Then, suddenly, the music stops Their my watch ticking under the pillow I see dimly the outline of my little upper room 5 then I fall asleep, and in the morning some one of the boarders at the breakfast table a ty's "Did you hear the sea smile last night, Mr. Titboltom ? " I doubted no longer that Titbottom was a vol) extensive proprietor The truth is, that he was so constantly engaged in planning and an ringing his castles, that he conversed very hath it the office, in I I had misinterpreted his silence As we walked homeward, that day, but was more than over tender and gentle "Yo must all have something to do in this world, bind her, "and I, who have so much leísmo,-foi you know I have no wife not children to work for know not what I should do, if I had not my castles in Spain to look after When I reached home, my darling Jane was sitting in the small parlor, reading I felt a little guilty for day mp I seen so long away, and upon my only hold by too S I beg in to say that in bottom invited me to go to walk, and that I had no idea we had gone so fat, and that - "Dont excuse yourself," said Pino, smiling as she laid down in her book , "I am glad you have enjoyed yourself You ought to go out some times, and breathe the fresh air, and inn about the fields, which I am not strong enough to do Why did you not bring home Mr at bottom to tell? He is so lonely, and looks so sad lum sure he has very little comfort in this life, said my thoughtful Pi no, as she called Jane to set the tea I ible " But he has a good deal of comfort in Spain, Pine, answered 1 When was Mr Titbottom in Spain' on quired my wife " Why, he is there more than half the time, Ilophcd Pi to quietly) looked at me and smiled " I see it has done on good to breathe the country air, said she "Jane, got some of the blackberry jam, and call Adotut un and the children ' So we went in to tea We get in the back parlor, for out little home and limited means do not allow us to have things upon the Sp small scale It is better Ullin a set off to heal my wife Pi no talk to the child cry, and when she speaks to me it seems selected their psalm Bing ing at least, such as we have in our church I am very happy Y'ct J di call my (hears, and attend to my o castles in Spain like so much pt oper by those of that I could not, in conscience, of greet it. All the years of my youth, and the hopes of my manhood, me stonehaven) like precious stones, in the vaults, and I know that I shall find every) thing convenient, elegant, and beautiful!, when I come into possession As the years go by, I am not conscious that my interest diminishes If I NO that age is subtly sifting Ins BH JW in the dark but of my Putt, I piano c intended, for her him, sink and heavy us when I first saw it, is all carefully) treasured in my castles in Sp me If I feel her arm more heavily bearing upon mine, is wo wall Round threatens, I press it closely to my with, for I know that the easy grace of her youths more or will be restored by the close of that Spanish air If her voice sometimes falls less loudly from her lips, it is no less sweet to me, for the music of bet voices pi line bills, fleshly as ever, the so So Hush hills If the light I love fades a little from her eyes, I know that the glances shot give me in our youth into the eternal sunshine of my castles in Spain I defy tune and thanet F tell yeal laid upon him he i Is is a hand of blessing I have no doubt that I shall find the sea n best route to my possessions as soon as need be Ptihiips, when Adouuam is married, wo all will all go out to one of my e resides in JUBB the honeymoon Ali I if the true history of Spain could be written, what a book wrote there ! the most purely domestic run in the w ski is the Album his But of the St arms his legs, more spacious and splendid than in my poor able Alii ember t, met for ever Hummed, no flowers no visible, to pictures have been pointed, and only a few ecstatic s pigs have been snug The pic turn done at Kuhl v Khan, war is Cold i Ige saw in an item (province with which I may not of ruffian) and a line Castle of Indolence bel again to reason, and the Palace of art which Icnnysiiii bi please "lordly pleasure house for his soul, are ¿ nong the best statistical at omits of those So much estates Titnioi, too, has done for them much thomas service that Owen Jones has done in the Al bambi a In the v ignetto to " M > i c b Lpitui o III you will find represented one of the must extensive castles in Spain and there also several exquisite studies from others by the same as tints, pilots died in " Ulgera Italy But I confess I do not recognize any of the HO ns mint, and that fact makes me proud of my own castles for if there be such boundless variety of arrivals turn in their aspect and exterior, lmayiiM the life that is ltd thee, in life not unworthy such a setting If Adoniram shortly 1 be mated within a reason this time and We should make up that little if only pair) to go out, I liavocoiirMfiticd already what society I should I ask to meet the billie Joplitlnih s dangerous u 1 tim Chtv dier Rayai ii, I should say, and fair but mond with Dean Swift King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba would come over, I think, from his famous castle Shakespeare and his friend the Marquis of South ample might gone in a galley with Clean time and if any guest wore ohouclod by her pie case, he should devote himself to the Fair One with Golden Loch s Mephistopheles is not person ill) disagreeable, and is exceedingly well. bud in Bticiety, him told, mittee should come Ute a Ute with Mrs Rawdon Crawley Spenbershould escort Eulourie Queen, who would preside at the tea table Mr Samuel Weller I should ask as Lord of Misrule, and Dr Johnson as the Abbot of Uri reasons I would suggest to Major Dobbin to accompany Miss Ivy, Alubudcs would bring home and Plate in life pin pic sailed galley, and I would have Aspasia, Ninon de 12 inches, and Mrs Battle, to make up a table of whist with Queen Elizabeth I shall order a seat placed in the oratory for Lady Jane Grey and Joan of Art I shall invite General Washington to bring some of the choicest cigars from his jet tation for Sir Walter Raleigh and Chaired, Browning, and Walter Savage Landor should talk with Goethe, who is to bring lost on one arm and Iphigenia on the other Dapto and Mr Carlyle would prefer, I suppose, to go down into the dark vaults under the castle The Man in the Moon, the Old Harry, and William of the YVisj) would be valuable additions, and the Laureate Tennyson might comprise an official ode upon the occasion of I would ask " They " to say all about it Of course there are many other guests whose names I do not at the moment recall But I should invite, first of all, Miles Coverdale, who knows everything about these places and the society, for he was at Blythedale, and he has described " a secret party which he attended at a castle in the air Prue has not yet looked over the list In fact I am not quite sure that she knows my intention For I wish to surprise her, and I think it would be generous to ask Bourne to lead her out in the bridal quadrille I think that I shall try the first waltz with the girl I sometimes seem to see in my fairest castle, but whom I very vaguely remember Titbottom will come with old Burton and Jaques. But I have not prepared half ray invitations. Do you not guess it, seeing that I did not name, first of all, Ella, who assisted at the Rejoicings upon the new year's coming of age ?" ' And yet, if Adoniram should never marry ? or if we could not get to Sparnon if the company would not come ? What then ? Shall I betray a secret ? I have, already entertained this party in my humble little parlor at home, and Prue presided as '( serenely as Setuiramis over her court. Have I " not said that I defy time, and shall space hope to daunt me? I keep books by day, but by night books keep me. They leave me to dreams and novelties. Shall I confess that sometimes when I have been sitting, reading to my Prue, Cyrabeliuo,- perhaps, or a Canterbury tale I have seemed to see clearly before me the broad highway to my castles in Spain and as she looked up from her work, and smiled in sympathy, I have even fancied that I was already there. TIIKJUDOMKNT OF FRIENDS. It is very certain that a man's intimate flies 's are often the last to suspect his possession of unusual abilities. This is a trite observation, but one is constantly being surprised at some now proof of its truth. It was not long ago that a gentleman told us that he did not believe a certain celebrated poet had any real genius, because he once lived in the same town with him, and know that his family were no better than they should be. He had never read any of his books, however. It was the old story over again. " He a great man ! Noiisoiiso ! I know him when he was only that high !"-Seribncr's Monthly. THE INVENTION OF GuNroiVDEn.-That Roger Bacon know, invented, and made the discovery of gunpowder is beyond all question, as he tells us that " thunder and lightning may be produced by air; for that sulphur, nitro, and charcoal, which when separate have no sensible effect, which mixed together in due proportion, and closely compressed and fired, yield a entrepot." A more exact and precise description of gunpowder cannot be given in words ; yet fifty-six years after the time of bacon, the discovery was assigned to Bert hold Schwartz, an Augustinian, who resided at Friburg, in Bringan, twenty-six miles south of Strasburg. This monk, says Sainte Fois, having put a composition of sulphur and saltpetre in it mortar, it took; fire and blew off the stone which covered it with great violence, which led the chemist to think it might be used with great advantage in attacking fortified places. He accordingly added to it a quantity of charcoal, to render it more apt to take fire, and to continue it. Thus, adds our author, the French worn long in possession of this terrible secret, but it was left to the " ferocious Jumper" of the English to make use of it (I), as they did with such signal success at the battle of of Cressy, thus awkwardly admitting that the English were in possession of the secret also.-" The Technical Education" for February. CuNO iNi; ron IUONCLADS.-Not because of the sex attributed to armoured in common with all other ships, but for the same reason for which, according to the learned Knickerbocker, the maidens of Manhattan enveloped their ample figures in manifold packets, it is proposed (Iron reports) to oned clo our ironclads with a network of iron wire, supported by booms at a distance of 22 feet, and kept rigid to below the depth of the keel by heavy weights. The danger to be guarded against is the fish torpedo, one species of which can be unerringly propelled under water a distance of a mile, and if it then strikes the ship beneath her water-line silo must inevitably sink for it is understood that all the pumps on board a turret ship, working at their highest pressure, would be incapable of discharging the water which would be admitted through a hole no larger than that made in The Vanguard by the prow of the lion Dulce. An experiment with this nothing is about to be made on the Thun- derer the most costly of all iniiichids-and There is just a chance that, notwithstanding the crinoline, she may be sent to join what 'has been called our submarine fleet. The Whitehead torpedo appears to be a most effective implement of destruction ; indeed, it would seem that there is no end to the " pot is that environs" ironclads. BUIUHNH OF ETON Cw.r.oi'.-Tho foundation stone of the college was undoubtedly laid by the King himself below the future site of the high altar, but little progress was made with the new church during the first four years of the work. The building accounts of John Hampton, surveyor of the work, have been preserved among the muniments at Eton, his Jornale anno prime commencing on the 3rd July, hill. The King hall already directed the Lord Chancellor to issue letters to the master mason, authorising him " to take," or Empress, " as many masons, where so ever they be (sounded, as may be thought necessary." The number of workmen varied considerably in different weeks, but the wages were settled on a regular scale. All the skilled men received three shillings a week a place ; except that the sawyers, carpenters, find ordinary masons only received half-a-crown in those numerous weeks which contained holydays ; while the free- masons received their entire wagesiftospectivoof Saillis' days and anniversaries. The common laborers were paid at the rate of 6d. a day. These wages are rather lower than some paid elsewhere at the usual dale ; but, on the other hand, no reduction was made in the winter, when the hours for work were of course shorter. The workmen at Eton, were, moreover, supplied with tools, as appears from fines imposed on some of their number, for breaking of a tray, for by eking a scope," for braking of a shovel." Like workmen of our own time, They used to dine in the middle of the day, ¡iiidthcyivcroflucdifnot back at work again " at one of clocks." A whole batch of men forfeited a day's wages on one occasion because " they would not go to their work till two of clock J" and others got into trouble for "late evening." A modern trade union would probably support I a member who was fined merely because " he would keep his cures, and to go to work till the clock says." Even one of the freemasons lost half a day's pay for going away without leave. The men were under strict supervision during working hours, and fines were imposed on such us were found " feeling," or who "wrestled well played, and ron about in working time." The paymaster naturally raised objections to a man who " wot not do nor labour but as his list thyself," or who " will not do if he is better." The fine "forbidding Time" was and that " for looking about," " for playing," or for chiding," 2d. The overseer was also severe upon one who "would tell tales;", and another who insisted on telling tailors and " ( letting his fellowes." of oratory of Eton College by U. 0. Maxwell late, U.A. THE Rev. Mr. Beecher IUIB recently become embroiled in another scandal, one Bowen, a Deacon of Plymouth Church, appears to be his accuser, and judging from the following extract, from an American paper, the Deacon is not likely to have what his countrymen call "a good time", over the business. The imperturbable Bowen, after having for months racked and tortured the Brooklynites by the simple expedient of minding his own business and keeping his own counsel, has at last been baited and exasperated into making a clean breast of a very nasty subject. This was perhaps pardonable, but scarcely wise. The i vault has been to sweep away at one blow , the saving foundation Beecher had built (for him self out of the partisanship of his congregation, and to plunge the country once more into nauseated endurance of the ungrateful orders of this social cesspool. But it has also brought down upon the devoted head of Bovveu the united malediction and defamation of every individual member of the Plymouth Company, The result is as inevitable as it is simple. To-morrow's slow declining sun will hardly hide his disgusted face , beneath the horizon before the nervous ramifica- tions of the telegraph will flush to the uttermost ends of the afflicted each the first instalment of concerted abuse that will make that rash man's life a burden to him for the next six months. Day after to- morrow the Associated Press will artlessly and regretfully convoy the information that Mr. Bowen has one or more superfluous wives in distant localities. The impression will be gradually inculcated in the mind of the newspaper reader that he is a thief. Gradually his character will become merged into that of a blackleg and a swindler. A dark suspicion will be hinted that he has a weakness for other people's horses. A doubt as to his exact legal relation to Mrs. Bowen will be hazarded. A seducer and the three-card monte man will be held up as comparatively virtuous examples for his imitation. And finally, at the expiration of the requisite six months, there will be an unchangeable public conviction that Judas Iscariot was a martyr and Nero a persecuted saint beside this hapless dear- son of the Plymouth Rock upon which the great preacher has split. Such is (an ! 