ITEMS OF NEWS. Tho members bf the ' Nowstead Joekoy Club; are looking forward to their annual raceB. . Tlioy meet' to-night at the Newstoad Hotel, arid' in vito the public to attend. ' - Mr J: B. Shepherdson sold tho Elphinstono: Flour Mills on AVednesday; the purchnsbr being Mr M. Keano. : V :' ; ; The half-yearly meeting of the Casilomaino' Gas Co. is to bo hold on Wednesday next, 23rd' 'instant. "'' ' .7 . . , | A correspondent sends the following conun drum : — AVliy is the coroner, at Castlemaine ;liko the Philistines of old?— Because.it, is souglit to; kill him with tho Jaw-Bono ofaii ass. '. ,, , A verylarge fire was burning all yosterday and last night iu tho rangos , between Cooper's Tunupl aii'd Chowton. At times the flames as-: snmed considerable fierceness. ... By. the last Gazette it is notified that Messrs, T. D. S. Heron, P.M., G. Ouunack, and Joseph- BIyriug, Esqs., J.P.'s, have been appointed to- be official visitors or the Uastlemaino Hospital for the purposes of the Lunacy Statute. The friends of Mis's Baker,: who presides at: tho musical services of tho Congregational; Church, have arranged to give lior a compli-: inenlary benefit by way : of , a .concert. This; conies off on the 29th inst-, and'a very good pro-; gramme has been prepared for the occasion. Tho want of rain is very sovoroly felt by all j gardeners who have not tho' advantage of hav-' iug the water laid on." The ground is hard-- baked, and the fruit in' -liianys instances not liti to pull,— on liigli ground tho grapes rcsemblo; peas more than what they should do at this- advanced period of tho soason. ' : Messrs Brooks yesterday made their first! "oxcursion trip" to the.Malmsbury reservoir; the large conveyance was full, and the woarhori being line, the out was enjoyed by all. Theso; Sunday excursions are likely to become popular, ; and tho spirited (proprietors deserve a liberal patronage at tlio hands of the pleasure-seeking public.;:' ' l- J 1 The market gardeners aro already beginning to compete for the biggest fruit; 'in anticipation of the show" at Newstead,' on AVednesday, 8th March. Mr Marriott, of Oampbell's'Creek, ex hibited some magnificent apples on his stall in the market on Saturday ; they were of. the kind known as " Tlio Lord Nelson," — ono weighed 2ooz, auother. 23oz, and a lot of tlioni over 20oz; —they would take the prize" at any show. Mr Treloan, of Chewton, lias a splendid exhibit iu his garden, — a plum treo,'o£ the diamond specips, literally one mass of fruit. " Tlie Campboll's Creek Cricket Club, like most otlior associations of a similar kind, are sadly in want of funds wherewith to carry on their tim ber war, and in order to rehabilitate their cop pers, have adopted a very, good idea. A concert has been arranged to como off this night week at Appol s Fivo Flags hotel ; tho prograinmo includes the serious, tho sentimental, and the; comic, also both vocal and instrumental, music.: Tho "Volunteer Band Will also'-' play- several; selections. Thus the public' will receive full; value for their mouey, and confer a benefit ou: the club by thoir overwhelming attendance. During a concert which took place on last1 AVednesday evening in. the Oddfellows' Hall,; Chowton, considerable , alariu ; was experienced; by one of tlio keroseuo lamps falling with a1 crash to the iioor. An alarm of fire was at once raised, and 'although tho 'light in tho lamp had; been ' extinguished, it was a considerable time' before order was restored. By a singular whim' everyone rushod to tlio stago for exit, but there the door, which opens inward, was found bolted, and could not be opened for the'erush. . This shows the danger of not being properly provided with safety doors according to the regulations. If there had been a fire there is little doubt a number of lives would have been lost. A gentleman, residing in tho northern sub urbs of the town, had an adventure with a snake yesterday, which is worthy of record. AVhile taking a , stroll through his orangery, ob serving the progress of the fruit, ho was rathor startled by noticing something near ; his feet in motion, and on looking down at first sup posed it to be a pretty thick bullock wliip; but a second look convinced him it was a: black snake. - Having a small tomahawk -in his hand he mado a blow at the reptile, and succeeded ill striking it on tho tail, cutting oil' a portion ; tho snake, however, succeeded in escaping under a tank near the. wall. A Baucor of milk was subsequently' placed at a convenient. dis-; tance from the spot, and having armed liimsolf with a gun, the gentleman placed -himself in position ready to fire, should his snakealiip von-; turo out. ..After waiting a fbw minutes the head protruded, and that instant the trigger waB' pulled.' Nothing more, however, was seen of tho snako,; and it is supposed to bo lying under-- the tank; with its head blown off,' as fear or nervousness prevented further immediate ; search.; > ! The buildings in connection with tho Castlo-! lnuine AVoollon Cloth Facto'ry aro rapidly - ap-: proaching "completion,' the 'tall chiriiney of' the' furnace . being finished.' :' Tho ' last brick of this; stack was . - laid with soiiip , eclat' ori'Friday aftor7 nooii, in the presence of the .'directors and a considerable number of 'spectators.; Tho cere mony was porformed by the Secretary, MrE.i AVilliams, aftor ivhich tho workmen aiid a num-; ber, of friends drank success to the company; The Secretary informs us that in a few more1 days everything will bo ready to receive' tho machinory, .which , is now. : being landed at' AVilliomstowu,. and that the time is uot far ilia-; tunt, when tho rattle of the looms and shuttles1 will take . tlie place of the noise of . tho builders' and carponters.- Thb aplondid engine, which is being manufactured by Mr Ruddock to tlio ox-; press : order of the Oo'mpariy, ilias "been so farj completed that its erection has been com-: monced, . and . it will not . take Jong before its; connexions- are all in position. On Saturday! the 'Secretary rbbeivetl' iintihiation I that1 the machinory,. which ..had been, ordered, from- Eng-i land,: had arrived, and -iyould-'in a few- day's bo delivered ;in Castlemaine ready to bo placed in' its new and future resting plaoe. | !< ; The' third; annual report of tlie Seorotary for- Agricpltijro, a copy, of which liap beeii received :ip duo course, is ohp of tho.fdw bqbkeissuod by '.'th9.',T0prp'n>menb' which1 pohtainp matter1 ju-; terosting, to all olassos. Besides the report of< the;sebrotdry, -tho report of tlio ehomist, reports': -onithe State forests, -inventions coiinooted .with' agriculture, -and -meteorological tables, of Ario-' toria;:i.t'Obntftins interesting papers on-a variety of-suhjbotsr'suited - to lho ..farmer,,, the ograzioiy ho'cattlo-brdo'der, undbthers, - Amongst (heso is a dissertation on shorthorns by Mr Joseph I Russell, iu which tho writer gives a brief history . of theso animals, which have become valuable in every clime to which they boon introduced. The first shipment to theso colonies was about : 1822, when Oapt. Haro brought out a numbor to Circular Head, Tasmania, and from thonco they found their way to Victoria, through Mr , Robort, M'Dougall, ono of tho largest cattle- | brooders: The papers on "Farm Homesteads," by Mr AV.. Anderson, is a valuable production, as is also " A Farmor, — what Bliould ho bo ?" From theso our' seloctoi's wbuld derivehints and , directions - which, by, a judicious, - observance, would ennbio them to make their land repro ductive, and settle -them in: a fair way of soon' becoming independent of the cares and anxieties! of the seasons; and -become well-to-do' farmers.1 He says A farmor should study wliat his land, is best ablo to produco ; there are' great niis-! takes committed in nbglecting this,' becauso there - aro fow' farms but there is somo differonce in - the soil! With regard to.imploments, the best 'is generally; tho , cheapest J what will economise; labour is tho best, to select. , Great oar'e.should. bo taken in the selection of seeds,— a 'shilling .or! two por bushel is well laid out : if - purity and' soundness can bo -relied on ; and there is no better plan I know of than to select on tlio field whore it is grown. There you can best see any imporfections, if there aro any. Altogether tlio; compilation arid - arrangement of the work re-! fleets tlie highest1 credit on Mi- A.' R. AVallis; tho; secretary for agriculture, and also on the' Do-; partment of Agriculture,, for.liaving given to tlio public of Arictoria so - valuable an. addition to.its literature.' . , A miner, named Mesboit, living- at- Grassy. Gully, met with a" terrible accident on Friday, which in all probability will leave luni a oripplo for life. Mesboit was -working ui the drivy wlicu about a ton of earth fell on liim/loaving only liis head uncovered. AVheu he . was .extricated from tlio fallen debris,' it was found; that- both, his legs were paralysod. .- . j The gato-koepor at the Lydiard-streot railway crossing, Ballarat, did- a service' to ! the) com-, munity on Friday. Two-horses harnessed to a; lorry ran away, rushed- down/Lydiard-str'oot at' a furious' rate, but wore vory' elevorly stopped at tho crossing by tlio gate-keeper. '. The task! was1 one of some danger, . andftho stoppage was, effected in a very cool and! scientific' inarinpr. ; ; The Creswick loan of L5000 itt-100 debenturesj of L50 each, bearing 7- por 'cout. interest, for; building the Town-hall, has; - says the "Star, ! been successfully floated. The council, at its meoting on Tuesday night, having received-: ap plication for 158 debentures, - ranging; from /par; to L52. Those above par, 94, were accented, it1 being -decided, to hold over the - other six. -until the money! was required. The dobenture3 are ail- locally- hold. ; 1 A man wPs' hunting an opossum out of a loft at.Benalla on tho Gth inst., says tho Advertiser, whcii a piece of bark composing the door canted up and lot liim through. In falling, it largo hook, used for hanging sheep , on, entered one of tlio calvos of tho poor fellow's legs, suspend ing him from ll o'clock until after midnight, when lie was relieved from liis clangorous posi tion, ho being then in a nearly nncpnseious state.1 . It is a wonder tho rush of blood to the head- did not Jcill him;:; - aiw. -i 1: ; Ghost stories are becoming: ;as plentiful! as snakes jn season; A young oouplowere recently walking on tlio banks of tho River Hopkins', .as we learn from the Mortlako Despatch, when the lady screiinibd. Tlio chivalrous wooer looke'd np and saw before him a huge body , seven or eight feet high, "surmounted; by a ghastly head, "with" large. glassy - : protruding eyes, - that glittered , and . stared ,with a a ghostlyglare in the dim moonlight.", ;AAritli one terrific spring ho jumped into and- swam across the river. The causo of his alarm" was an old guin stump, suitably' attired ! and 1 surmounted with the skull- of a bullock, which' some young wags,". who had induced tho yoririg lady!" to bring, him to tho |spot,; thought; and truly so, would be n nit'o suflicierit to make all his courage o'ozb out'at his finger ends. ." . .' '. ' ' .. . The,A\Tarrego correspondent of the - Brisbane Courier states that the drought in that district is becoming alarming: The whole1 district -has not been in-a worse plight for very many years. There is literally iio grass for stock on tho roads or frontages from Burenda to Fort' Bourko, in Now South AValos, a . distance of 400 ' milos;. and ho believes for a . niucli greater distance Jdown the Darling.' , . -Out west, of 1 Charleville arid Ounriamulla, on the Pai-oo, Bullppj. AArilsori, and Cooper's Creek, things are , no better. A great many, now, runs are being-.abaridone'dfor want' of water. ! The. heat has been,!.,and ; still continues : to < bo, 'simply scorching, / the ther mometer frequently, registering as high, as' 112deg. in the shade; There are largo drafts of stock on many stations' ready for the road, 'but. it is impoasiblb to atart them "till" the; drought ! " breaks up." Carriers' teams' 'are 1 unable' to i travel, and woorcahuot bo got down ,npr sup-i pliesffirought up. " Tho latest reports from the' Bulloo and westward state that there is no grass, but that in the' mauiwater-eliaiiiiels the, water still holds out. Thorp is a , rumoured move to bo made, ".for, relief," of a '.'large, body of sheeii from oiio of the leviathan stations. The drought is causing quite a panic among holders of Btock.! AAre take this from tho Argus The section , of the free arid independent electors of Oollirig-j wood who" adhere to Mr Berry/ and-, tlio stono-! wall, have "covered themselves : with undying! glory;': Their treatment of "Mr ' G. 'D: Carter, ; the candidate opposed, to' their policy;!' who had: annorinccd his intention1 of stating: his' views ' at! the Studloy ' Arnis; hotel! ..oil ! Friday, night," will j long-be remembered in the political' annals of! Arictoria, and will'doubtloss bo hailed as auotlier: " immense victory " by . the .Parliamentary .ad-i vocntes of disorder, and inob ;rulo. , 'Before tho! hourannounced for tho meeting; tlie: room-, was.! well filled, a large majority rof the, audience : be-1 iug rospoctablo working; mon who had' come to'; hear tlie candidate, but itwas.evideiit .that, carp 1 had been taken'tp place in" severMJ!p6Hipris. of: the re'oiii a number of .".roughs; of . thpV.lowest! type," for the purpose, of creating.- a row when; the time. camo. AVhon the chairman (Mr Kid- ; ney) came upon the platform,' lio found his Beat; opcupiod by a nightman naiiiod' 'Kinsella,' and| it ; - was ' .with' considerable difficulty' and' much! grumbling that lio gavo way.to' tho rightful oo-t cupibr of tlie chiiir. Iri attpmptiu'g tb o'pdn' the! nieeting,. Mr.Kidiiey,'. although one ;of .the most: popular irieii' iu ! the district; was mot ' with a; ch'oi-us of yells and boohoos, arid ho! sat dowii to I allow, itho.. rowdies, to - tiro themselves.. ,>It was' quite plain that, the respectable, portion of 'tlie! audience were in , a large majority, -because.- ;a! call of "three cheers : for. the chairinan" was!- heartily responded to, but in lung power tlioy! wore" no match' for thoir opponents. After a' scene of indosoribable confusion, , in wliioh- tho " rowdies" gave full play to their , command of- -Billingsgate, .the chairman .again attempted to; address. the: meoting. This was the, signal, for a: forward movement on the port of -the rowdieB1 who pushed forward'thoso in front of them; and; stormed the platform, smashing' the reporters'- table. One burly, ruffian broke up tlio forin in tended - for . jnomberis of tlio press, and eom- lnoncad slashing around Jiim in overy direction,! with'tho evident intentidu-of maiming:as :.many as lie could. Tho pressure of tho ' crowd ': fortu-! natoly proveritodhim' fromdoinginuchliarm. but it was not his fault that a seeno of bloodshed' did not ensue. In the, meantime, tho ohairmou: and -the candidate, although unwilling to move,- had been bodily carriod away from tho platform by. their friends, and escaped with few injuries.; After, waiting for about an hour in tlip liotpl,i ;Mr Garter proceeded to his oqmmittoe-roQm at the Earl of Zetland Hotel, and there addressed: a largo meeting of the olbctors, onlarging upon- .tlie topios! in. his elootion address. - A vote of: confidence ivas oarriod unauimouBly, many eloc- \- tors -stating that tho. treatment whioh Mr Oartori had oxperienco'd ivDuld induce thpin to . vote iiii ihiB'f0V0Ur,".".i:« j , Fivo sly grog sellers wore fined L5 oacli at tho Linton Polipo Oourt on - tlio 10th instant, for tho Illicit salo of liquor. ; An iuformor, named- John Glostor, gavo tho necessary ovi- donce. " The daugor of diving in tlio rivor Murray, abounding as it does with snags,, Was illustrated on Saturday by an accident to a lad namoclThos. Crabtroo. In coinginto tlio river for a swim, says tlio Riverine Horaldjio dived off tho bank, and in his descent, hoad downwards, struck tho back part of his skull against a snag, causing a sovero wound. This casualty should nct ns a warning to bathors goric'rally, especially as it took placo at the much frequented bathingplnco noartho new bath's. , ' . A, swimming match' bdtwoon tlio; junior , champions' 6f Molbbiu-no and Adelaido (Messrs. - 0\. Moore and 0. A.. M'Indoa, respectively) took- place, states' tho Soiith1 Australian Advertiser, at, tho City '.; Baths bn Mbriday, February 14. Bo'Ui ' swinimers':' swam very well, - but Moorp proved too, strong! for his, opppiipnt, . and : mairi- tainodithe load, from the cpmmdhceriienl of ,. tlio race, winning - by , a iougth of , tho . ba th. . The : object of the contest was a handsome silver cup, presented byttlio Hon. J. Colton, ox-mayor' of Adolaide. . I--!'. - An accident jOeciirrod in Morcor- stroot,_ , on Friday aftofriPon, says'tlid 'G oolong Advortisor," through a boy named; John Simmons flying a kite in that thoroughfare. Sergeant Toohey and Alo.unt'ejd-constahlo Brosriahan wero' riding on horseback, when the kite fell betivoen the two horses.,; ; The animal that Brosnahnn rode got so frightened tliat it ' siidddniy swerved to one side and.'fell. Brosnahan' fortunately freed' hiiusolf from the saddlo arid'es'eaped'unhurt-.;- the liorse receiifod', injuries ' to' ' the knees arid its side. The" boy" Simriioiis was at oiicp inarched off to the lockup, but was afterwards adinittcd to bail: It ! is 1 very probable .(says tho St. Arnaud Mercury) ; that a diyorce-caso, in. which, the con tending parties are residents of the'distriot, -will shortly como before the court.. . It . appears that a Frenchman Boriie time ago' married the step daughter of another'' foreignor, whom lie had reason to srispect of -being unfaithful during a separation whieli occurred between' them,..and:ii few nights ago, in company: with several wit nesses, he proceeded to an hotel in 'a neighbor ing township," -where "he ' discovered -liis ' wife living with. one of lier old lovers, and becanio cognisant of bthor.'proofs of her.inlidelity. to.Jior marriage; vows;" ' Tho ' husband lias just como iuto tlio possession of about L13,000 by the death pf:a.relativo. in. Franco, and has deter mined to quit Australia as soon-as -lie : has: suc ceeded: in the divorce suit.- A good- deal of'otlier information -bearing iip'on tlio -mat ter iias been furnished us, but as the case -will soon be sub judice, we reffai'n'''fr6m publishing it.; f ; - An; accident of amunrisual.charaater ; Occurred to the goods "train froni 'Molbourrio "'"on Friday. AVhon within a mile! of B'e'nalla, says the Age; the guard disco vorod that one triick ivas oxten- sively-on Are and two others slightly 'so: 'Tho guard ( Woodcock), at'peril, 'detached tlio burning trucks, and with assistance succeeded ' iff.' extin guishing tho firo iri two : of " tlioni'.' The ' iniddlo truck of the three, loaded with about flvo tons of 'gerieral merchandise, consisting of' spirits, groceries, oilmen's ; .. stores, . ironniongpry, . arid farming implements, .consigned:- to, AVangaratta, svas totally destroyed before the Are cqiild. bo Bubdned. r,j Every tiling is , rendered '! .worthless,' and the truck is bucnodto tlio floor. ' How the fire .occurred is not positiyoly knowu', -but it ; is presumed that rriatches; which: formed: part' - of of the loading, ' ignited by ' friction .' Great praise is'due'to.Guard' Woodcock-" froni ' tho proriipti- tudo with which lio acted, as otborwiso tlie ro- srilt wqukl'havo bocn sorious.' . v ! , -: ''. A youiig boy," 91 years old, was ontriisted by one of- the mourners at- Mr .Mungovan's .shn's funeral (says the Star), : on r Thursday,: with the care of 'his liorse .whilo tlio owner was -in- -tho cemetery. - On returning/ for '-his liorso,' neither the boy nor the -animal" were to' be -seen, and 'could not be found that day. " Oil Friday everi- ing; ;hpw6vdr,::;Mr -M'Mahori, tlio owner of the horse, happened to espy his'animal. n'ith young AArells on his back; ridirig about Ballarat East. Tho young ;gQiitleihari \vas speedily capturocl, and left in the! hands; of the - pblico, . but Air Gaunt .allowed him to go homo ivitli his father, who promised to- bring his soil to the City Court this inorriiug. : Itiappears the boy put the liorso in a paddock-on Thursday night, went home, and; on '-Friday morning ' managed" to get ' tho liorso ro'-saddled; ' after which lie perambulated thb'streots of Ballarat East all day; " Such 'pre- cociprisnp'ssshouldnot go :u lire warded. 11 - ;'' ,. Tlio AVesterh .Post of ; tho:iltli reports that' news .; was . rpceivpd in Mudgoe of an „a wf til tragedy, , which , took place at .-. the Three. Mills, ! "noar/Gulgong,- on last Monday evening. ! Borilo- oighteen - months lnnco "a nian -iiamcd Joseph; Todd; better known, apparently, as " Joe -tho! pig," was cprivioted'at tho 'Sliidgbb. Quarter Ses- ! sioris' of ' abducting a:. g i rl . . n lun'ed" Alargaret : Sinnuohdsj at that thrie but' a' fqVv weeks over twelyb ybars 6£.age; ' , Todd, who bvidetitly got ; 6ut'bf'gaol'i5efoiefulfilUrig;the.full't:br'm aeutence,,as ia generally the', base," lias appar-i eutlyji again pursued , .the girl, whoso father has this timo taken tliojaw into, his own hands, and' shot down the destroyor of , hbr .daughter. : : Tlio father, who is a mirier, is also a widowerj and! tho girlreferredjto— Margaret Simmons— is his; eldest child, and scorns to : have been left iu \ Charge of .the; other, children i while, tho father: was at work". T Simniori's gave himself 'up to the ! police, antl from; his statement, and the evidence1 given by tlie'girl at the inquest on Todd, there : is little doubt that tho father Caught the deceased alhibsi iri thb 'aci bf .abusihg tho girl. Ho tlion 1 went intb an o'djoihing hut and got his griii, and' shot;Todd dead.. . The jury rethr'ned a. verdict of " AVilfnl murder." : .... . ..... The Brough Smyth . board ivbre engaged .ill day on Friday in examining MriAV. Nicholas, of , the. Mines Depar tntent, who furnished some'im- portant information witli .regard to tlio intorrial : economy of his'bfficb .uridor its permanent head, and added good deal to what has already been stated aoout the . secretary's treatment tif' the late Mr Denbigh. . On the latter head, Air Nicholas', remarks the i Telegraph; told p piteous tale, and his memories of the dead man's suf ferings" seemed to faiiJy 'overcome hifii:''Denbi»h died 'f like a patient hound." , AIr Nicholas said .that, tlio , reason1 ho . did .not appeal against the conduct of the secretary during Denbigh's life was -that ./ho' w«s a supornuraerary; whom Mr Smyth could havo wipod'out of official oxistorice .U by aistrokp bf Ihis peri;?' v-He hbdrsincb 1807, done 'three' years'1 arid' 'six "months' oyerdmeat the office and at home ! > Air Smyth used sbme- timos: on frivolous excuses,' to destroy ri»ht-off twenty " or thirty letters which Denbigh -had written - at JiHio,(at night j and'ouco, after the deceased had spent seven or eight month's on a detailed index to tho " Goldfiolds of ' Victoria " the secretary rojeolod it as being too diffuse Three officials wero engaged for three weeks ex-' oludinB,,oyertinie, in: epinpiiing a new ono, though: they :had -for: a guide Denbigh's index which might have:boen used after-being sliehtlv altered , _ AMordingj to , Air Smyths-Denbigh was iio bettor than ari bld woman— a butchor's boy out of tho lowostshop in Little Bourko »tr0oi ?.»W 4o work bettor." It .appeared, -however,:, from Air Nioliolas's statenientSithat » ' 1-6 wa3 t. least a little .work .clone in and out of office hours by the Mines ollioials which Air Smyth _did not 'rejbbtr'fbr After1, promising to acknowledge the services' of witnoss, " who com- Fi.n Tvr" elabot,;a' glossary for -what is known at tlio Alines as Air Smyth's book," the Boorotary made in the jvoluino named no mention of the services of a man who had spbht n groat doal "of time and. money ovor. it. Alb Smyth, it was stated, has also takon crodit for the1 obliobtion of minerals wluoh -was mado by Alossi-s Ulrioli -iin'd Nieholas for tho Philadelphia Exhibition ' Mr h ithH TVr t0 ,U-u? tntomont, and poiritod I;', lv !J, ' ,ho son tended, inoroly gave. Air Smyth as tho head of the AlineTDe- PM«8?P...V,Mr&orvico; remnrksd that the Beoro-1 yvr--, ft .1 , : ! 7 ,:7' 4' tary's namo was Jil?e tho largo figures on drapers' window/ ticke is; wliilo anything on tlio cover which might be said to ascribe tho collection to anyono olse resembled tlio " elovon ponce half penny." ,t A fow laughable episodes were related, principally in, connection with the secretary's "gone." Tho inquiry was, owing to tho ap proaching departure of tho English mail and the consequent business engagements of the board, 'adjourned uiitil Tuesday week. , , 