DEPUTATION. ROBE AND MILLICENT MAIL COMMU NICATION. Messrs. A. Hardy, Mr. G.C. Hawker, M.P., W.H. Sharland, T. Rhodes, and G.S. Fowler, waited on the Minister of Agriculture and Edu- <*> cation (Hon. E. Ward) on Monday morning, uecember IS. Mr. Hardy atroduced the depu tation, and read the following memorial, signed byi99inhabHanfaofMUli6en<t?nd<6Buthabitant? of Kobe:—"Your petitioner* respectfully beg to take advnt≥ of faisb Harden being called for the conveyance of majfc,to'bringmider your notice the fouowingfaetscomiectedwitfa our pos tal airangements, which wilL we trust. jm?tifyour action in respectfnUy 4aikuigyou?o cansethe mails between Bofee and MiUieent to be con veyed under the new contract by a four wheeled vehicle three times.a week in continua tion of «ie present nnul Service Ifetween Kingston and Eobe." The memorial also pointed ont that the cost of conveying the mails three tunes aweek between Bobeand Millicent would not be more tiian one-third extra the cost J)i conveying it once, alwfe^t " Tlia); the Adelaide mail, leaving Kingston via Narra eoorte on. Wednesday evening, reached MOlicenc* on Friday' at ll -a.to^, whereas via Robe the same <mail would arrive at Millioent on Thursday morning at 8 o'clock, or 87 hours earlier. The same would be the case with the mail leaving Kingston on Sundays. When it left on {Friday evening it would arrive at Millicent via Narraooorte at 2 pjodl on Mon day, but by Bobe it would arrive at 8 a.m. on Saturday, or 54 hours earlier. The jsaving of time would -be doubled by the return mail. It was a matter of the utmost importance both to Adelaide and Mount Gambier, especially in view «of the growing taade between the two places. The distance from Kingston via Narraooorte and Mount Gambier to Millioent being ■ 172 miles, against 82 miles by the direct route, it was clear that when the Bivoli Bay and Mount Gambier Bail way was carried it, the mails could not reach MiUieent so expeditiously by Narraftoorte as by Bobe. At present ate passengers were put to having to travel 172 miles to reach another place only 82 miles away. Steamers from Ade laide regularly touched at Kingston and Bobe, and the alteration in tiie mail arrangements asked for by the petitioners would prove of great advantage' to tin district, and also to -the merchants of • .Adelaide.' Mr. Hardy, in supporting the request of the memorial, eaiftifcttto wI?H *?bttess be extra facilities required for the traunpssibn «f mails iii con sequence of the increase in trade by the mil way. Mr, Hawker said, besides the railway there was also the drainage •works 'to fncrease' the trade and se*ttement of Urn di?tric^ so it -was evident that the postal facilities ehoald be iacreased. It did sot appear at tbe~ fir?t blush that the Government would be justified in giving mail communication three times a week direct w&en; they had called for tenders via 'Karraeoorte for a similar mailflervice,"but be imagined fliat the question of tie route sad never been brought under their notice before. The difference between 172 nnles and 82 miles wac a matter worthy of <conaderati6a. _If the Govwnment did not feel justified in incurring the additional expense of keeping up both mails, the question would arise as to whe'tiier it would not lie better to have the mail via Bobe instead of Narracoorte. He had no doubt, however,' QaA the exigencies of the district would soon require both routes. He would ask the Government if they could not decide on agreeing to the request of the memorial to call for tenders, bo as to ascertain the pro bable cost, which he had no doubt would not be excessive. Messrs. Fowler, Sharland, and Rhodes pointed out that, the trading community would derive great advantage from being able to go from Bobe to MoHnt Gambier by MiUieent. At pre sent many of tbe bu?iuess houses did not Bend their representatives to Bobe, in consequence of its position with respect to tile mail service. The moil only btopped €bere aab.our, and if tbe busmen could not be done then, there was not another mail for I&ree; days. Under the pro ttosed Bjsten^ persons would be able to go to liobe without hiring a Bpeciftl conveyance at Kingston. The Minister of Agriculture and Bdu eationeaidhecould fairly appeal to the South- Eastern members to bear him out in stating that he bad done all he could to give increased postal facUHiesin&eSouih-Bas;^botfebytheestabli?h mentofadailymailservicetoMountGambier^Hid . also toobtaxn a promiseiroxn Victoria titat their mails should meet those from thistsolony on the l>order. He reoogniaed.ihe force of the argu ment that time would be saved in the commu nication between Millioent and Adelaide, if the mail went direct instead of by Narracoorte and Mount Gambier. As to altering £he tnailwer vice from once a week .to three times a week, he war prepared to ■ state that he would recommend its being done. There was .-one -point m tbe memorial which demanded more serious consideration, and that was the question of a four-wheeled conveyance being 'run. The road was a bad one in places, and would require* very strong vehicle, with three or four horses instead of two. The first duty of the Government was to provide tor the con veyance of mails; ibe-passenger traffic was a* iee^dary matter, and the contractors them selves would, if sufficient inducement offered, supply that want. It should be left for the authorities to decide on the kind of vehicle. . Reserving- that point, he agreed with the value of Mr. Hawker's sug gestion to ask for tenders, without binding themselves to accept any, and he would promise to take the course suggested. If the cost for a four-wheeled conveyance' were sot largely in excess of atwo-wheeled one, he would have no hantation in granting 'their request. There would doubtless be a large increase of population, and to grant them additional facilities would be an advantage worth securing. An entertainment- in connection witli the Adelaide Toung Men's Society was given on Monday evening, December 18, in the Stow Church Lecture HalL The subject was" ehrist ■mas Gustoma«Bd Carols, 1' vrith. illustrative re marks and readings, by the Bey. W. Boby Fletcher, MA. Th^re was' a large attendance, it being the first entertainment of the kind giy«n by the aocietyl "The proceedjngs opened with the overture Jto " Zampa," played on the piaoofor>e by Mr. Shakespeare, who also pre sided'ai the barmoiuum-during evening, Ihe Bey. W. B. Hetcher then spoke of the usages and customs of .Christsnas here, showing jhe contrast between our way of spending it and the way it was spent in the colder regions of. N<B*hern The. choir then|jave the first ot the carols, to the air of e Adeste Fideles.** This was rendered wi&goodeffect;,and Jw*« followed by "<sod zest yt>u,.menty geutle inea,*' and "The -Seven Joys of Mary." This was set to 'a lively time, and was very nicely rendered.: The next carol' given, "The first KoweU," 3m«ufiwig literally. yS<gnething New," <nr M Good Sews,?, was a fine spirited air, and was given in capital style. In the course of his remarks the rev. geatiiemaa gave a recipe for «d ddChrittaoes pie, as made in the year 1769. It consisted of 2 bushels dour, 20 lbs. butter, 4 geese, 2 turkeys, 4 Tabbit?, 4 wild ducks, 4 woodcocks, 6 snipes, 6 partridges, 2 ox tongues, 2 curlews, 7 blackbirds,, and <ojpigeons. The Christmas sang, ** Once again, -O blessed fimc," having been given by the choir, all present joined in the welUmown hymn, "Hark, the heraldJangel?^eing." Then followed one of thegems«ftheevening,the "Hymn for Christ saaa Day, 9 beautifully rendered by the choir. .Another of the carols, "From far away," is also specially deserving of mention; bb wasa solo by Mn-'Hams, "Bejpice greatly, .Q Daughter of Son," from HandeT? "MessiaTi; 1' ■ Mr. Price javea reading from Hamlet as an illustxation of the way in whl&Shskspeare; introduced the of ghosts at Cbxiktraaa. The choir then gave the * Starr ojjljie Shepherd," and after a xeadiog from""Tennjaon*"by. Mr. Fletcher, the jnrecjeeding? were closed bytixe slngingu>f the Rational Anthem, votes'oTthanks were'passed to Hr. Fletcher, Mr. Shakespeare, and the choir, for the efficient way in which they had carried ut tbe programme. 