THE BINES AND TAPLINCONTROVERSY. (TO THE EDITOB OF THE WALLAROO TIMES.) SIB,-I regret that I have to trouble you with a reply to the Rev. C. G. Taplin and bis four allegations. 1\. The extract from the Border Watch stood on its own merits, and was met imme diately by a sufficient reply and explanation emanating from the Bishop bim*elf, which I published. The matter ended therewith, if I mistake not, fuiiy two years a«o 2- The omission to report the Dean's lecture in September, 1874, arose from circumstances explained at'that lime, aud I was then and still am under the impression that the explanation was accepted in the same spirit of candour as that in which it was tendered. 3\. The Rev. Mr Taplin is right as to my sending my reporter (not a special,) to Wal laroo to take notes of his sermon, which was advertised with a sensational title at the time of the religious revivals at Moonta Mines and Moonta; hut my reporter returned with the information that the sermon was not Mr Taplm's own composition, and that it con tained nothing of public interest. 4\. The insinuation of £ s d influence con tained in the last paragraph is. I presume, simply tinged with the complexion of Mr Tallin's own mi»d, a»d as a gentleman I I decline to discuss it. It is essentially coarse and lour. It is not usual, Mr Editor, for gentlemen to raise the ghosts of grievances for which apo logies have been accepted, but I am not much astonished at the course pursued in the in stance under consideration. Permit me to add that I yield to no man in my sincere esteem and respect for those truly good men the Bishop and itie Dean, who are lineral, and evangelical gentlemen. I reyret that I cannot extend that esteem and respect to every clergyman in the Diocese. If I really desired harm to the colonial off shoot of tdc grand old Church of England, or to its loctl interests o'» the Peninsula. I should simply wisli that the Rev. C. G, Taplin should continue its champion, and still write and speak as be has recently. -I am, .Sir, &c.; J E. H. DERRINGTOX. r. P. Aflrertiser officye, MoQata, . Jaq, 211, 1876» 