VICTOR HUGO ON THE TUSK-ltv v- ATROCITIES. It beeomet necossnry to call the attention of the European Governments to a fact so small it seoms that the Governments appear not to.pcrceive it. The fact is this, a- people "is berag ris'sassinstod. Where? In Europe 1 Has this, act witnesses? One witness, the whole world. Do the Governments see it ? No. The -nations have above them some, thing . which is ..below them — the Govern; meats, governments see nothing through the short-sightedness peculiar to them - while the human race looks on with another eye, the conscience. We are about to astonish European Governments by teach, ing them that crimes are crimes ' that it is no more allowable for a Government than for an indivi. dual to be . an assassin ; that Europt is aolidair ; that all that happens in Europe is done by Europe; that if there exists a wild beast government it must bs treated as a.. wild beast; that at the pretest moment, quite, close by us, there under out eyes, people are massacring, burning, pi|. laging, exterminating, cutting the threats of fathers and mothers, selling the little girls and boys ; that the children too small to be sold are being out in two by the blow of a sabre ; that families are burnt in their houses; that one town (Bstak, for example) has been reduced iu a few hours from 9000 inhabitants to 1300 ; that tbe cemeteries are choked with more corpses than caa be buried, so . that to the living 'who have sent them carnage the dead send- back the pestilence, whioh is only fair. Ws teach the Gevcrnments of Europe this, thst pregnant women are being ripped open to kill the children in their womb ; that in the public squares there ate heaps of the re, mains of women with tbe trace of -this treat, ment ; that dogs gnaw in the streets the skulls of outraged girls ; that all this is hot. rible ; that a gesture of tbe Governments o( Europe would be enough to prevent it, sad the savages who commit these crimes sra terrifying, and that the civilised whoh them commit them are nppailing. The tins hnscome to raise one's voice. The universal indignation is being aroused. There art hours when the human conscience speaks and orders Governments to listen. The Go. vornments stammer a reply. They have already tried this stammer. They say it is exaggerated. Yes, it is exaggerated. It was not in a few horns that the town of Batak was exterminated ; it was in a fen- days. It ia said 200 vijages were burnt- there were only 99. tVhat you call pesti- lence is only typhus, ill the women have not been outraged ; all the girls have not been sold; a few have escaped. Prisoners ' have been mutilated, hot their heads have also been cut off, whicli lessens tho thing. The infant said to hale been thrown frbui one pihe to the other wis, in reality, only placed on the pointof olo bayonet. ' Where there is one, you put tvo ; you exaggerate the two, &c.; And then why has this people revolted ? Why do not a flock of men let themselves be owned lile a herd of animals ' Why, &c.;? This fashon of palliating ml creases the horror.- Toquibblo with publio ' indignntion — nothing in re miserable. Let ns call things by their nine. T6 kill a man at the corner of a woodcalled tho forest of Bondyis a. crime; to fill a people' at the corner of that other wdd called Diplomniy is a crime also— a greate one. That is all the difference. Does -rime diminish in proportion to its. enormty ? Ala's, that U, indeed an old law of history. Kill six men, you are Troppian ; kill 600,009 you are Ciesar. To beirionstrous is to be acceptable. Witness tb St. Bartholomew blessed by Rome, the Drigomiades glorified by Bossuet, the 2nd of Bcembor sainted by Europe. But it is timdhnt the old law ii succeeded by the new lav| However black the night, the horizon mst end by getting light. Yes, the night i black, we are at the rising of ghosts. Aftr the Syllabus be. bold the Koran. From one Bible to the' other people fraternise, i Behind the Ho.'y See stands the Sublimi Porte. Wo aro given the choice of darhe9s, and, seeing ' that Rome ottered us itsmiddlo ages, Tar- key has thought proper b offer us hers, it is time there issues 'from civilisation a . peremptory prohibition to go further. ' This prohibition to- o further - in crime, .we, . the people, Intimate, to the Governmeuts. - "But," ware told, "you forget that there are questWB !". To.murder a man is a crime, to murcr a pcople.il a question ! Each Governmet has its ques tion. We reply, Humany also has its question in this.- It is greier than India, England and Russia. It.is lo.infan t in i/a mother's womb. Let us sujrsedo tho yoli- tical question by the humanjucstion. . lis whole future is there.. Let ) . aay it. .lbs future, whatever is done, wilexist. , Every-, thing serves it, even, crimes. .What iahap- pening in Servia proves the icossity of the United StateB of Europe. Let tho dig- tiuot Governments be euccided by. the united peoples. Letus.hai dono with the murderous empires. Li us muzzle' tho fanaticisms and despotisq: After its- fashion, and. just because .itis horrible, savagery testifies for civilisdon. What. Europe requires is a European itiomility— : one Government, one immense f.ternal arbi tration. Democraoy at peace wb itself, all the sister nations having for tiir city and capital Paris— that is Liberty, hzing Light- as its capital— in one word, te United States of Europe. There is the gd, thcrois the port. It was only truth yeswday ; to- dffy, thanks to the executions of htviai.it is evidence. To the thinkers are dded the assassins — the proof was given byihe mons ters. Tbe future is a nod diawiov tieeis. - — 'Paris liappel. At the meeting of the Benevolei Asylum committee on Thursday, Mr. J. T. Tarcontt was in the chair. The superinteient re ported that there were 419 men nd. 215.' women in the house; total, 034 amatss; and that there were vacancies for fro men, The report of. tke.medical officer shed that there were 242 patients under treauent in' and ont of the hospital ; also that .usanns Higgins, a native of the county Mro, Ire land, had died daring the week frorn'ropay, aged sixty-five years. A letter wa read, signed by twenty-eight inmates i tbe institution. It Baid that the imatei felt the want of an opportunity of nest ing occasionally "to hold a little sesiblt. religious and rational conversation, dinted of all emotionalism, to relieve the teible monotony of occupation." It was propsed to open and close them with devonaal exercises, and the use of the dining-hil on Thursday evenings was requested. Itwi resolved that the request should be wa- plied with. Messrs. Crouch and Fa mtf were appointed to co-operate with the.slici- tors of the institution to endeavor to otai» a refund of the fees paid in connection riti the bill lately introduoed into Parliamen. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Microscopical Society of Victoria was.ela at the Coroner's office on Thursday evemg; Mr, T. S. Ralph (president), in the ohir. The president exhibited a new specieiof ; Vnllisneria, and compared it with V. Spinis, also the fungnB Diachcea elegans, from Iu- monia. Tho Rev. J. J. Halley exhibited i new Diatom from the Congo River, and fx nished descriptive notes thereon, lately at the Qneckett Club, London. _ A papa entitled Notes on the Examination (I Thin Slices of Rocks nnder the Microscope by means of Polarised Light, writta by A. W. Howitt, F.G.S., _ was resc. The paper described the various meaM of testing the structure and nature of .tb' mineral constituents of rooks by ordinary n well as by polarised light, and assign"! them their nltimate crystallised form. paper was interesting, attentively listened to. and the illnstrative objects, which were frw Gippsland and Tasmania, were closely in spected and much admired. An echinus, sent by the treisnrer, Dr. Robertson, fro the neighborhood of Portsea, was also ex hibited. At a public meeting held at Sale on IM"- day, todecidenponwhat steps shouldbe takes . to bring under the notice of Parliament tM. desirability of finishing the Sale end of tM Gippsland railway, by connecting the siBJ with the lakes and river trade, the follows? resolutions were passod: — "That in tM opinion of this meeting the provision con tained in the Railway Construction Act a 1873 for terminating the Sale end of ta» Gippsland Railway by a branch line to ta , Latrobe wharf ia directly calculated- » seriously injure the trade of Salo by divert®? its' goods traffic to a point three and a miles distant. It is therefore resolved thatio- mediate BtepB be taken through the niemM representiug the district in Parliament to obtain the necessary sanction to ^substitu tive propoeal, for terminating the line at tne Sale end, so as to keep the goods, and shipping traffio at Sale." "That this meet ing respectfully asks the hon. Commissio".: of Railways to adopt the propoaalknown) the Canal Scheme for connecting the Gipps land Railway with the shipping in lieu « that called the 'loop line' by cutting from the Thompson Flooding Creek, and forming a AippwJ basin of tbe Western swamp m front of W .Mechanics' Institute!" A committee appointed, to: draw up ®vmemto_de Minister of Railways embodying the few going resolution 