THE TWELIH. ROME. -THE CARNIVAL. [FROM OUR TRAVELLING COXTRJBi; TOfl.l No. XVI. I have in a previous letter endeavored to oonvey some idea of the carnival at Naples j I will now briefly describe the varied amuse ments which take place during the similar season in Rome. Everyone knows that the carnival ends, or should end, at midnight on Shrove Tuesday, and that the inhabitants of Catholic countries contrive to take as? fmush nlnntmrn na t.Tintr n.tin nrlnr tn fV»n fnrtr* gloomy days of Lent. Tho whole time from Christmas to Shrove Tuesday is more or lees a season of festivity, but the fun doca not wax fast and furious in Home, or in most other cities, until about ten days before Ash Wednesday ; and although a few masks are occasionally seen in tho early part of February, the whole popula tion does not give itself over to revelry and excitement until tho appointed time. Thia year Shrove Tuesday was on 29th February; aud the carnival commenced at Romo on Saturday, 19th February. ' At Rome, whether owing to the more refined naturo of the people, or perhapa out o£ greater consideration for tho interests of the florists and gardeners, comfit- throwing was forbidden by the municipality, and tho only missiles allowed tobo omployed were bouquets of flowers, and longstrcamersof colored paper, with a little pioce of clay at the end, in order to enable the thrower to impel them with sufficient force. The great centre o£ the carnival is the Corso, as the principal street of Rome is called, and the principal portion of tho crowd was con centrated between the Porta del Po polo, at the foot of the Pincian hill, and the Palazzo di Venezin, an old palace, which is now the residence of the Austrian Ambassador. During thc morning the people of Rome attend to their ordinary, pursuits ; the fun does not commence until after two o'clock in tho afternoon. Shortly after that hour the various balconies are gaily decorated with flag3 and streamers', and filled with well-chossed persons, and the streets aro filled with sightseers of a humbler class. A large number of the denizens of the balconies weardominoea and masks, and a very largo proportion of thc foot passengers are attired in various fancy costumes, those of Roman peasants, sailors, gri&cttes;, pierrets, and debardeura being in the majority. I was puzzled at first how the poorer classes could afford to spend 80 much money in usc-Ic-bs dresses, until 1 found that they could bo hired for so much an hour, and that tho 3ame ccs« tume did duty upou several occasion?. About three o'clock the police- prevent all carts and waggons from entering the Coreoy which is given up to the carnival. Carriages laden with pleasure- seekers drivo slowly up and down tho street, their occupants being pelted with bouquets by tho occupants of tho balconies, and throwing back others imoturn. Occasionally, when thedispensors of bouquets recognises a friend in a carriage, flowers of a more rare aud costly description than ordinary are thrown, and aomoof these tloral missiles aro very beautiful, being composed of camellias, violet;*, snowdrops and other choice flowers. When ono i3 fortunate enough to bo singled out aa thc recipient of an elegant bouquet, it is considered good form to return another of equal value. But it generally happens that tho offering falls into other hands than thoso for which, it was intondod, and I bad upon Cttc oocaaion tbo mortification of seeing tho national colors of Italy, represented by a number of reel and white camellias nestling In a bower of green leavos, wbicb I had in ' leaded for a lady who had shown me much kindness, fall into the band3 of a dirty little gamin, who boro it off in triumph, and afterwards offered it for sale for a few soldi. Persou3 of all classes take part in the flower throwing, and upon moro than one after noon tho Princess Margharita, tho future Quoen of Italy, drove to a balcony over tbo shop of a fashionable linendraper, and there amusedhcraelfforacoupleofhourointerchaug ingshowersof bouquets with all thepassera-by. Nothing is more charming in Borne, and in deed throughout Italy, than the kindly feeling displayed by one class to another. It would almost seem as if tho halcyon days of Home had returned, and that ' the rich men loved the poor, and the poor men loved the great.' There is a great deal of fuu, but no one ever seems to lose his or her temper, although, occasionally, a bouquet thrown a little harder than ordinary will strike a hard blow, and tho wire upon which tho florists fasten the camellias to the stalk will perhaps cause a scratched face. S'or my own part, after the fir3t afternoon, during which I remained amongst the crowd, and was rewarded for my trouble by baying my pocket picked of my purse containing forty lire (more than thirty shil lings), 1 contented myself with observing the carnival from tho balcony of the Cereolo diCaccia, a club-house situated in the best part of tho Corso. Most of the vehicles are either private carriages or hack cab3, but there arc a few triumphal cars made up .for the occasion. One represented a huge cannon, and was surrounded by young girte dressed as artillerymen; another wonderfulstructure -was supposed to represent tho press, a number of maskers bearing banners with the name3 of all the newspapers published in Rome, iviiuu i/uuir urusaes weru auppuauu so ueuoie the characteristics of the journal which they represented. The man] who impersonated the organ of the clerical party was dressed ag a priest, another wore the Garibaklian shirt, another was clad as a professor, and soon. A huge waggon was filled with girls dressed a3 Koman peasants, another with pienots ; and a large tree wzis hauled about tho street, its branches occupied by men dressed as monkeys, who performed all oort3 of antics. Some of the maskers were very amusing. One man, dressed a la Anglais, with belltopper hat aud Dundreary whis kers, accompanied by two youngsters in women's clothes, mimicked an Englishman, who, with guide- book in hand, was doing Rome, and pointing out the various places of interest to Ids companions. ;Tho touquat-throwing lasts for about fcwo hours, afc-fche expiration of which period a gnn 13 fired. This is the signal for the car riages to leave the Corso, and as soon as a second gnu has been fired a regular stampede takes place. Up to this moment order has been maintained by the civic guard and by the ordinary police — fine serviceable fellows, handsomely dressed in dark blue uniform, with a plume of cock's feathers in their capa, and wearing around their waists a belt, with the device of tho wolf which suckled Romulus and Remus, and tho magical letters, S.P.Q.R.— Scnatua Popuhts Quc Xtomamis — which the legions bore upon their eagles. But now the troops appear upon t&e; scene. Large bodies of infantry march into the Corso from the side streets, occu pying the carriage-way, and, with the aid of a few dragoons and gendarmes, the crowd is got on to the footpaths, and the kerb is lined by tho infantry. When all is clear, another gun is fired, and tho horses are brought to the barrier at the Porta del P^polo. The steeds are riderless, but around each is a species of surcingle, tto which is attached one or two goads. So soon as tho signal is given the horses are let go, and they gallop down the Corso towards the Palazzo di Vonezia, the ono which gets there first being the winner. The sport is utterly ridiculous, and reminded me of the rush of horses out of a stoclcj'ard when the slip panels are taken down, but it appears to afford great enjoyment to tho Romans, and it has this great advantage, that it brings the afternoon's amusement to an end. So Boon as the race is over tho troop3 form and retire. Tho shops, which have been closed during the afternoon, are opened, business is resumed, the crowds gradually leave tho Corso, and by an hour alter dark Rome has re-assumed its ordinary appearance. The same programme is repeated on most afternoons during the Carnival, although occasionally thore is an off-day, upon which the carriages drive slowly up and down the street, just as they would along the Chiaga, at Naples ; the Bois de lioulgnc, in Paris ; or Hyde Park, in London. In tho evening the theatres arc better attended than at any other time during the year, and at many of them there are masked balls, or Veglioni. These masked b:dls differ somewhat from those of other countries, and oven other cities, inasmuch as there ia cone of the licence which would charac terise such an occurrence at the Grand Opera in Paris, and, what is more remarkable than all, there is little dancing. I was at two public masked balls, one in tho Politeania Bomani, which was principally froquented by the middle and humbler classes; another ? at the Teatro Apollo, the largest and most fashionable theatre in Home, which is ordi narily devoted to opera and ballet, which received for its short senson of littlo more than two months a subvention of £8000 from the municipality of Rome, and whioh at the time of my visit boasted of a company of tho first force, Tho pit and stalls had been boarded over, and the stage had been built in with scenery, so as to present a very handsome appearance. Tho orchestra was divided into two divisions, ono being placed on . either sidif of tho stage, and the boxes, of whicli thore wore six tiers — there being no public boxes in any Italian theatre which I ever attended — were ' filled with a very gay and brilliant company. Ninety- five per cent, of the gentlemen were in evening dresa, and unmasked ; every lady, without exception, was masked, and the larger number woio some sort of fancy (Ires?. The tickets of admission only coat five lire — about four shillings— and I do not tbink that any precautions whatever wore takon to keep the society select. As a matter of course, all classes were largoly repre sented, and men and women of every rank were in the theatre. Bat although a small proportion of the females were not quite comrnc il faut, and although their costumes allowed one to see a great deal of them, they were kept in awe and in complete order by tho large majority of rcspectablo persons present. There was no attempt at dancing, and, indeed, the ball-room was so crowded that any eflbrt in that direction would have been useless, The principal amusement seemed to ari3C in an attempt on tbo part of tho gentlemen to discover tho identity of the lacliea. These latter were completely the mistresses of the position ; they spoke to their gentleman friends, walked with them, told them secrets which tho lords of crea tion thought nobody knev/ outside their own family, and at the same time almost invari ably contrived to preserve their own anonymity. I accompanied to tho theatre a lady at whose house I had dined, and who declared that she would never leave mo all the evening, for two reasons, first because I wa3 a stranger in Rome, and did not know many people; the second, because her companionship with mo would afford no cluo to her identity, while if she had promenaded round the room with her hus band, every ono would have guessed who she was. Hour after hour she exchanged compli ments and repartees with persons whom she knew, but who were quite unable to find out who she was. As eoon as her acquaintance had gone away, she told me all that she had told thoin, and. the intimate knowledge she had displayed of these family affairs, without their being able to guess in the Iea3t who she wa3. In this way, in the course of two or three hours, I became acquainted with all the small-talk and scandal of Roman society, and heard more about the inner life of the Italian Royal family and court than I should care to repeat. After this amusement had lasted about two hours, I began to get tired of walking round and round the theatre, and suggested an adjournment to tho sup per room. My companion was at first un willing, because she seemed to grudge every moment that was not spent in her favorite pursuit, that of mystifying her friends ; but at last she consented. The supper at nn Italian ball is very unlike what it would be in Melbourne, or indeed in any English speaking community. Tho people go to amuse and to be amused, and certainly not to oat. Although there were at least 2000 parsons in the theatre, there were not more than thirty or forty, in the refreshment saloon, and of these at least tho half were English or American. Tho refreshments consumed were of the slightest description, being almost exclusively confined to cakes, lemonade and ices. My companion took an ice, but a difficulty arose from her mask, which prevented her Bwallowing a single morsel without considerable trouble, and she resolutely refused to unmask, first, because Bhe Baid it was not proper for a lady of rank to appear on such an ocoasion unless in maschcra, and secondly, lest she should be recognised. At last she con trivod to put herself outside the sorbetto, and we returned to the ball-room. There a new adventure awaited' her. She espied her doctor, and after a whispered consultation with another lady, she handed me over to her, and going up, to tho medico, a venerable looking elderly gentleman, she wont off on his arm. I got on very well with my new friend, who spoke excellent English, and amused me with the very serero manner in which she criticised the dresses of the ladies. Human nature, and particularly female human nature, seems to bo pretty much the Bame all the world over. In about a quarter of an hour my friend returned in the highest spirits, for, said she, 'I have been with my doctor all this time, and he ha3 not tho slightest idea who I am. Ho looked very hard at the initials and tho coronot on. my handkerchief, but beforo leaving you I had taken the precaution of changing my handkerchief for that of another lady.' It may be asked how it is that tho identity is not betrayed by the voice. The reason is that' the masked ladies speak in a sort of falsetto, tho use of which is ordinarily con Sued to the females of the working classes ; and they mince their words in such a manner that even their husbands would not recognise them except by their dress and figure. Tho ladies take other measures to conceal their identity, and con trive somehow to alter their figures and complexions, and, above all, every Italian woman seems to bo a born actress. What with sight-seeing of a morning, tho carnival of an afternoon, and either the opera or tho masked bail of an evening, the few days that I had to spare iu Rome passed away very 2-leasautly. Never had I an idle moment, and I often wished that I had two bodies, so that I could have put ono of them to bed after dinner, aud had another fresh ono for the evening. 1 wonder whether Marcus Clarke, or walstab, or some other Australian litterateur, can see his way te writing a romance in which the hero was endowed with two bodies. Tho idea has, I think, at any rate tho morit of novelty. At last the carnival began to draw to an end, although tho oxcitement kept on in creasing up to tho last moment. On the Sunday before Shrove Tuesday, a deputation of maskors from Turin, Milan and Florence came to pay their respects to the majesty of the Roman people. No one seemed to know who tho maskers wore, or indeed to care very much. But an immense amount of enthusiasm was produced by their visit. The committee of the Roman Carni val placarded tho city with announcements of tho hour at which the visitors might bo expected at tho railway station. Then there oamo tho terrible news that one of them, who ussuinod tho namo of Minghetti, was delayed at _ Milan, through his tailor having disap pointed him with his clothes. At last a tele gram reached Rome that all was well ; that the deputation had arrived safely at Floronco, and might bo expected at Rome by tho five o'clook express. If the Emperor, of China had been expected tho excite ment could not have been moro in tense. Half Roino was waiting outside tho gates of the railway station, all eager to seo tho visitors. Nor was the enthusiasm confined to tho poorer classos. Most of tho swell equipagos of Rome woro in attendance, and tho princes and nobles wero just as eager as their lacqueyB. At last tho train came iu, tho doputation was received by tho Carnival Committee*, and conducted into a carriage, driven in 'triumph through tho streets of tho city, and finally conducted with all sorts of pomp and ceremony to one of tho principal hotels. Tho carnival came to an end on Shrove Tuesday. After tho races were over, tho ceremony of tho moccoletto commenced. This was, to a stranger, the mo3'j extraordi nary episodo of tho whole carnival. Every one was provided with a wax taper, and tho fun consisted in keeping ono'a own alight and extinguishing those carried by other poople. }Vhat amusement any sane person can derive from blowing out a candle I can not conceive, but perhaps the Italians have somo hidden meaning in the operation, just as tho Chinese are popularly supposed to feel a moral obligation to tell the truth after they have blown out a match. But for hours men, women and children amused themselves in this harmless aud inexpensive manner. Bands of maskers paraded the streets, waving their own tapers and blowing out those of every person whom they met. What was most remarkable was to see a respectable middle-class family gravely seated in a balcony which they had hired for the purpose, gazing at the gay scene in tho street beneath, and at intervals blowing out each others' tapers. Pater familias extinguishing the light carried by his wife, while Bhe smilingly lighted it again, and seemed grateful for the attention ; nnon the son and heir wonld blow out his sister's candle, and she would retaliate by performing a similar func tion to thatof her papa's. There were several grand entertainments given that night, one by the Spanish ambassador to celebrate the defeat of Don Carlos, but no one cared to leave the streets until after midnight, when the cremation of the carnival took place at the Piazza del Popolo. A huge funeral car, drawn slowly down the Corso. In the centre of the car, Burrounded by men clad as priests and flamens of Jupiter, reclined the carnival, represented by a large, jolly-looking man. A physician held his pulse, aud from time to time shook his head gravely, as if the patient were in a bad way. At last, when the enr had reachod the gate of the city, under the Pincian-hill, and at the foot of the obelisk brought from Egypt by Augustus Caesar to adorn tho circus Maximus, the poor carnival gave up 'the ghost. The physician shook his head more sadly than before, as if to Bhow that all was over, and abruptly left car. The bed of tho-dead man was then concealed by a ourtain, a lay figure was produced from under the sheets, it was placed npon a funeral pyre, and amidst the discharge of cannons and a grand pyrotechnic display of rockets, Bengal lights and a fire-balloon, the torch was applied to the pile, and in a few minutes the Roman Carnival of 1876 was a thing of tho past. The people slowly left the Piazza, some, to their homes, and others to ' keep up the excite ment for a little time longer at-Bome one. of the many masked balls which were given on that evening. Next morning Rome was in its ordinary and normal condition, although from the plethoric condition of the butchers' shops, whioh were filled with joints of beef and goats' flesh, I fear very much that the fasts of Lent wero not likely to be kept up with as much strictness as the fesfca of the Carnival, Belgium is trending in the direction of a protective policy. A recent number of tho Engineer contains an announcement that the Belgian Government have divided an order for fifty locomotives amongst four local firms, and stipulated that every particle of the new engines shall be made in Belgium. Two simple .methods by which to learn music theoretically aud practically are now exhibited in the window of Messrs. Wilkie, Webster and Allnn's establishment, Collins street. The first i3 a pack of Mr. T. Ho well's musical cards, fifty-two in number, corresponding to the ordinary cards, and to bo used in a similar manner. The lessons by means of the games are progressive, the be-, ginning being simplicity itself. The subjects are divided into thirteen parts, each part occupying a portion only of each card, and a party sitting down to a game of whist or commerce can, while amusing themselves, be come acquainted with the thoory of music. The practical method is Mr. Howoll's 'Scale and Chord Indicator,' which is an ingenious arrangement of two rollers, one above the other, which are attached to a pianoforte. The lower roller serves the place of a teachor's hand, pointing out all the Bcales and keys, both major and minor, whilotho upper roller thows the fingering. In tJiia way tho pupil learns practically what he ha3 acquired theoretically by means of tho musical cards. A book accompanies each method, explaining their use. 