C|c Cjn'flitidc. MONDA Y, A UGUST 21, 1876. The Chief Secretary has taken up a Tery proper position with respect to the new Electoral Bill. If any reasonable re-adjustment of the boundaries of the districts fixed upon in the bill can be pointed out. he will do all in his power to have them made. But he will yield to no demand for any re- distribution of the seats fixed upon in the bill, let it come' from whatever quarter it may. He would sooner allow the bill to go by the board, than submit to any such in terference with its principle. This he stated distinctly to a deputation, con sisting of the executive committee of the conference ut local bodies, appointed to consider the provisions of the bill ! that waited upon him on Wednesday last, accompanied by the irrepressible " Major," M r. W. C. Smith, and Messrs. Stewart and Richardson, members for Ballarat West and ( 'res- wick respectively. Before going into the matter at any length, Mr. Mac- pherson called the attention of the deputation to what had previously oc curred in the House with regard to the bill. Some nights ago, he said, Mr. W. C. Smith had charged him with framing the bill " with a view to favoring the supporters of the Government," and how could he, under such circumstances, be expected to pay attention to suggestions from any sncli a gentleman ? To this Mr. W. C. Smith made no reply. Mr. Stewart asked that the local bodies " should have a month to consider the bill," to which Mr. Macpherson's curt reply was — " Nonsense." The House would not take the schedules of the bill into consideration in less than a fort- uight, and there would be plenty of time in the interim for their consideration. Mr. Richardson wished to know how far the Chief Secretary would be pre- yn„ v.,-. J 4 _ 3 lugiyu \vny io any suggestions that might be made to him, and he got for answer what is in substance given in the opening of this article, and which has since been repeated in the House. Again, Mr. Stewart asked that the bill might not be pushed forward without having the fullest opportunity given to them for considering its details. -'No fear of that !" ejaculated the gallant " Major," true to his "stonewall" in stinets. But the Government do not intend this bill to be shelved by any stonewall nonsense. On the contrary they intend to carry ie through all its stages, in spite of the Opposition, know- ing, as they do, that they have the country with them. Even the deputa tion from the conference of local bodies thought the policy of those bodies should be one of compromise, rather than of rejection, and that it would, herefore, be advisable for them not to isk for too much, lest they should thereby jeopardise the safety of the bill, j j Hence the reasonableness and the 1 ' propriety of the course Mr. Macpher- ' son proposes to adopt, not that of " the ' Old Man, his Son, and his Ass," order ing one thing to be done at the bidding of Mr. W. C. Smith, and another at i the jeer or threat of Mr. Longmore, j but that of a man, who has thoroughly | mastered what lie wishes to see carried j out, and who is quite ready to alter ; some of the minuter details of his plan, ! if they can be shown to be improvmenls. | Adieu, then, to all hope of the r -jectiou j of this bill by that process of ol s'ructfon j in which the Opposition so much de- i light. It will be "carried and thai, too. | much more easily than Mr, W. C. ! Smith's — "No fear of that". — would; seem to imply. That once done, and the i estimates and the railway bill onee ! passed, and the sooner the shutters are | put up at Parliament House the better. ! We know of no other important public j measure requiring attention this session, or that would stand the: ghost of a ! chance of being carried, it' it rii 1, without ' more pressure being brought So bear : upon both Houses, than it is really worth. The mining on private pro- | perty bill is certainly not one of that j class. and we know of no other Unit any i large section of the eoinuinuity would be i inclined to place before it. ; The flogging the (.'ugnmv' authorities, ; the Postmaster-Genera), and tint Minis- ' try as a whole, got at the hands of Tie- Time on the 7th of duly hist, over th" \ Stevenson imbroglio — and vviiich will i be thoroughly apprtviult d. ami heartily < acquiesced in, not only in ihe-w eolonkw, but wherever that journal i- read- should lead Sir James McCulloch's j Government to pause bed, re timy take i any further steps in this ma to,-. \'(>t | so iulaiuated do they seem to have he-: | come, that the Crown Solicitor n;,s. after 1 more than two months' T-inv. been allowed to prepare a statement to go j before the judges of the Sit: r mi > Court I on one of the charges of defrauding the I revenue, of which Messrs. Stevenson and Sons were fully and honorably acquitted at the Melbourne Pis. net Court in June last, and to forward that statement to the. magistral; re who ad judicated on the case for their approval thereof. Not only so, but a meeting of those magistrates is to bo In Id in the City Police Court buildings this after noon, at which they arc to he asked— U no doubt, by Mr. Call, the stipendiary magistrate, who so distinguished him self in the hearing of the case— -to affix their signatures to that d; cunient, as being a true account of what then occurred, and of their rca-f ns for dis missing the complain!. Should they do this, however — of which we euhrtuin the strangest doubts— the Crown Soli citor will, we feel persuaded, he no less surprised, than a great majority of the public, for with every semblance of having been drawn nip in a spirit o! lairness, tliat document contains much which those who heard and narrow! v watched the ease must regard as really disputable ma ter. But let us leave that, and turn to what The. Times says of the case generally, and of the conduct of the Government in connexion with it in particular. It condemns in iaio the preliminary proceedings, and ac counts for them thus: — "A Depart ment which is constantly suspecting ami watching the operations of bu dim:-, | men is not unlikely to allow its pract.c - j to degenerate into espionage and i tyranny. But these excesses of p over are precisely the provocations which drive men, especially in raw and young societies, into an antugonism with the ! law that cannot always be kept wi bin i its original limitations. The D-p.ut- | ment of Customs at Melbourne, wlm-h 'has lately dealt in so high- banded -a , | manner with a local firm, may he re- | sponsible for much more than a simple j riot and luilf-a-doxui actions at law." , ! It regards Mr. George Stevenson a-, perfectly justified in refusing to give up private memoranda, winch had noui'im whatever to do witli the true vahw oi the suspected gorels, and then, aftm- describing the conduct of the Govum- ment in first seizing and afterwards eravenly giving up the eorrespowfouee of Messrs. Stevenson and Sons as a something to be ashamed of. it conchu! w with three remarks on the letfor in which Mr. Anderson, threaten. G. in consequence of their refusal to foi him open their letters, to have every pack age of their goods overhauled : — " This threat has been executed with impla cable rigor. The spirit of revenge hi 1 vexatiousness shown in this menace an,! its results is carried out in the small >si details. Seizures are recklessly made, damaging charges are advanced, long delays follow, and at last there U -miw restitution, without a word of apology or retractation. Of course, it may still be shown that the firm has been gudiv of some of the offences imputed to it, but, whatever be the guilt of Messrs. Stevenson, the ingenuity with which ilm Government have put themselves in the wrong cannot; be disputed. It is el ear that when such a spirit as that diselo-ed in the letter of the Uonunis.sTwr uf Customs is dominant, in the official mind, the commercial world is jitM filed in refusing to assent to organised ocnmncwfi vatid AVTAvKnomirer in,.,.!' ... . t, ojjnuiftgv.- k-HM-W.- ' > w l u bfoi iOJ GllCG with personal and proprietaiy rights." But, unhappily, from some cause or other, there was no resistance, ex-vpt on the part of Messrs. Btevenson and Buns themselves, to this "organised espionage and overhearing interference" op tin part of the Government, or the ease would have had another issue. Had the mercantile portion of the community stood up, as they should have dune, on this occasion, to protest against this conduct as a body, this "overbearing interference with per-oual and proprietary rights" would have been stamped out the moment it was fir-d exhibited. The Ballarat and Hamilton Grand Champion Ram: Shows will clash tiffs I year, both having been announced for j the same days, Wednesday and Tiuirs- ! day the 18th and 1 4th of September. ! Tiffs seems to have .arisen from the i Ballarat Bociety, which advm-tTed in-, 1 show first this year, not knowing that j those were the days on which the | Hamilton show had been held for the list our or five years, and it is to be regretted in some accounts. On this account chiefly, because the Hamilton people at -,ne time j-e >meJ to be in. dm the iutpres- Ton that this was done intentionally, bu Mr. Bimon Morrison, secretary to the the Ballarat Bociety, has shown" most conclusively the erroneousness of that impression, and it has ffofo, to all ftp ppiirancu, been generally removed. Not withstanding, there seems to be a little jealousy still rankling in the minds of a few of the Hamilton p'-ople against the Ballarat people, as though the latter wanted to run away with some of tin business attracted towards Ballarat by the holding of the Skipton Bliow a week earlier in that district, and which the former profess their readiness to give up, but not gracefully. There is, in fact, just a small spice of arrogance, on the part of the Hamilton people, in a idresring the Ballarat people after this 'n-hfon, when it has been shown by Mr. Simon Morrison that the dates of their show were fixed in February, and adver tised throughout the colony so far back as May last The clashing of dales will tell more severely upon tin Bal- | larat experinmnt. than upon the fiamil- , ton old established institution, hut if; the Ballarat people will be kind enough : in future to vmsiih the n -inhboring ' society of llatnihon when fixing the dates for their show, there is no reason wliv both shmi'd not profit by the arrangement." How the ballarat people, will like this, we do tuff know, but they would be perfectly justified in saying that it va- a mi h ('< 1 fisum -> of H,i o a t> u offt t m a ii re tli rir bnsiiie-s 1 > c" .-Mi' UamiTon. Ilumil- wdl, no do i eon a t if ov n t n veiii.'W'we h. tie fuiu 'o, and Balhtraf does iv 1 , ,ek !o do more. If i! did what u : "'.V" quel".! above does ii.it, to our ufimh. io iieate ill' reptril in which it si. m.'.!!- m t, Tie- Ii oi pie -a of news mmm England dir.',. i» me cam;'; mai'-rei of the accounts pre-, huffy rererei rfi ;e to flu, rise hi tin pr>.- of n I 'fori-. v. o Arc informed, is j (|uife f I per iff. above tin lowest point reached, and 'it isiiuu at 0- ( .not-. \Vhal this means, none v iff so o.'d "u a-t.ffitnd ii3 those e;i- , (j-,:.. m p.i,r i' ! p'O' nits, and it is, t'neru- foiv. I., h.- h yd. .i.e. this change fur the ! beet er will oj eo .li.uious and progressive. ! The auj ui no t rea-cuny of the cmnniUte- I of the ( '.ing.e. down Mechanics' Institute . ; hell in tli ' reading room mi Thursday ' eve. dug, ib= ;n -inhere present being Meows. Pfokeu, (i-eiro\i!. VV'nodward, Hillawl, | Stanv rerlb, t-O'.'.. 1 > >wn, Williams, Peebles, J Bennett. ami Uo" >in ; m. The first busine.-s ' win 1 he ajip .mrmeufc of a Secretary, fjihrarian, a..d Ballhw'per, for which iff, o I'pplic.nione luul been received, but a i bal lob resulted in rue appointment uf Air. ! 1). P. Thelwii'ter. An appfi-afhns was rr- ; ceived from the Ununarie t'lidi for (he use i of the h dli for '-eiiearsals, which was granted. ; A hmpiiiV dUuis,; ,I< lb .;i f el; place with ' reference to the ihtin t up of the stage of I the ball, an dfu having bun made through | Air. \V. Wi/ ;ins, by r. c.ietlem m in Mel. | bourne, Li on .ish tlm re, ncry ai Pvic ' t wr 1 ebw was it_ p.iir-d. riti. nre'y it was de- ' c'dc , a- uio-i ,..t ;ho ceds rs of if. e. m- | nfi'trec gmra Tec the m nay, that Aiw-.rs- i William-, it.v.m ami Seott be appointed ' to act wi Ti W r. \V. Wiggius, in procuring ' the proper r;re uory and fittings, 'lire incit ing then so; irate 1. I In will ho se n liv a.i acvcrle ei.icut m I a' with or Col mm 'hit Mrs hiairemore haf> | doci'l-drem rnmnm; a p.tssi mgar ami pared , cuj1'. tri- weekly laiween d ihde.i and Oam- j peril itvn in ounneeti. n with die mail service, i The conveyance wiil reave the Onmperdown j Post, Oiii -e every Tuesday, Tliursd.ay, and j Saturday at ff a.m.. acel returned tire same j i day at 4 p.m. ! A i ocd Laud B >;«! will he held .at Ilm 1 Court Poire, ampere! >wn, on Thursday' ire\i, the '2J,h ie.si, when a number of eases j wi'l he <1 all wTh, particulars of whidi will j he j\ uud in our ad vei tiring columns. | 'L'h; re li.au been a rumor ni! 'at for tire hr-t j week or ten days that authority is to ho j tfiren in tire new Railway Coii.fi., ruction Bill ! for authority i > eon -tract a line from CoJae 1 in Hamilton, through Camp r l.m n, Moit- j lake, Caramut, ami Boiisliursl, but we have not been able to trace' it to any reliable I s nice. We do not, hcnuvir, flunk tliiid new- tui g tod to he true, and are. therefore, waiting t i see it oinirmed, vhidi we sin ' "ereiy h >pe may yet 1)8 tli- case. Sir ('hire! s Sladen lias, ws tmde. ,:amt. 1 nret r'tb ii iifiii cue; uragemenl in Warr- 1 I I'l IS).' 1 i eu. ,10001 ,1 u ni . it ig .,111? m, 1, t. as tU-o wherever el.ehe has gone in hi- visit, to 'be ' electors of the AM e stern i'roviuco. lie has' not \ ot, so f r "re we are snare, found ff , ireccsf-ary to LoSl .vnv public modi: r,s:, n >r I do ihcj keK; u> have bren dcsirei' any- 1 vdierc. !le let (belong for 1 lanfiltrei re, | Triil ,y 'ast, and there is eveiy pmbabilire, I of hi.-, b i"g allowed a wa.ik over. I Mr. C. F. J5oloher announces his eanre- 1 dtliii'c for a renew.;! of hi 1 scat in the f eg, , j laiive .< 'ouneil f >r tire fi mth-AVo-tcm i r >. viiieo in our eohmiiui tlfir morning, Vir. ' Belcher's address is brief, but his w 'It-ap proved principles, whi 'h s, cured him iff, scat at tire Est dec! ion v, iff, there is e\cn 1 ea-sm to believe, pbiee him at the head ,.f 1 the poll at this. I ft, has written, we ob serve, to one or more of the Ballarat paper,";, 1 challenging a wiit'iny of his vies in the 1 House, and declaring his readiness to Hand j by them. j There .are three candidates for a scat in the L/gisk five Council for the South Pro- j viuce. render'. il vaeri'.t by the retirement of , Air. W. A. O'Br'o s, of Ifawthre 0, Mr. J. B. Bennett, ; of Meil'our.n, soli i;o.y and Air. .. B. I'.u- , channn, of Brw'ek. Tlie polling wiil j ta'rc pi.ice ret tire op;/ ;nip j Air. Graham, tli retiring member for the ; Centra! P.nVi ice, Irerebceii returned tr.io)- ' posed, Ik'. Beau v'r uoiuinacion paper r. .t | having bc.-u sent in until the clock had | begun to 3 trace jour. f-ir ( kirrles ( ha "an i tin'i'y has been retnrnei for A o'tb Giji; s hand by a majority of 4b; over his <>p p.. : cut, Mr. Mavis. Tlicrc il >e . A;.,, ; ru much char-ee of iff. bill for Lire maireArnaui e of main reads, hv tire si.bsiiuv, hm of a v.beel tax for toffs being icrried this Kesshm. On she contrary, there is every pro.-yeef of it a being wiili- dravvn, ;dih u J'i >ii.ii-tere have not vet given sag' int. mat: v: ,.0 ; fiw: erfect. Ti.cy can hardly, ii m ever, Tii.fi; of .Ticking by it, r moo it h's evi ryv.fi -re- ov-.ke 1 the mo.-l determined opp officii. ...u; G / criff, the,.... for-, have ,o provide snore oth.r mem. a for the main ucmance. 1 f the main r. i.a.Iu. The renewal of foils v. here tli. y previously tot isted, as lam been ,-ug gested, v, uulfi 'iniybea temporary CAireffioii1 , and ih.hL, sooner 1 r later, be foiiowcn i.y y cue beit.r. M e l)cbevc_ .v. reave right in stating that tne put itiou in favor m c-m.utiiunng the North Hiding of tin- Shire of 1 1 .im-ileii an in hg.emknt Miiire, ,-s fast tilled tip, and tnar. if v,ff! . hre-jffg Ire ready for pn s-mfo V"1; b'l';- !l ,v'.,;rel out, w.ffl curtail the iuaiisre till - Ton- to a large extent, and Jeid t , a eoii.Mder.abje reduction in the nniii,- ber of members. The President of the Legislative Council will issue a writ to-day for the return of a member to serve in the place of the hou. AY. Skene, who retires by rotation. Air-, a! red re 1 1 1, of the Gamperdown Ib.'e!. hi-' -in .liter daughter by consumption last were Tin. was her second eldest daughter, ehbret, it will be remembered, hav.ng died mi her wav home from Ballarat about tv. five months ago. The romaius of lier se.reml elde-i, daughter, Efiaa Alae- donald. w-crc c meyed to the Oamperdown cenic.vrv o-i fiaiur lay lad, and the public shove' their Myin -afiiy with the bereaved mi th r by the ! ureem -- of the attendance at tire furncral. \V.< remitted e'ghteen to twenty l.uggie; and other veltieles in the cortege, but the number of horsemen who followed we could not count, although we made the attempt. -The. funeral was one of the largest we have seen ill Gamperdown ; for a long time past. The Rev. Mr. Wilson | and tire iiev, Air. Hutchinson were both in at ten dance, the former officiating. i lie Assembly made a chow of sotting down to business, after the want of confi dence motion was disposed of on Tuesday evening- last, and a good portion of the estimates have been remc through. But lh -to Will lie a bairic; wo suppose, over the J doctoral Bill, which is to be read a «c. uud fi-tre to in iri'iiw evening, whether the < >ppo- i ,-ition are come iliug parties or not. For | fire nitroihu'ti. ui of the new Huilway Gon- | -u .ic'A, ,,i Hill, no time h.'-i yet In en lived, j t but if anything j; to be fin. no wiT it this i sevii. ;i, it cannot l.c p. t otf touch longer, are! tirete i- no r-ren for ciippo-ing that ' n '-! i'C the ease Still, \ih'fi.-lt tilt | (»p;re .re ,n keep up a <\- 01 si ant civ about I u -.hi ic bring done in tire House, i hey do | ad m iii'-r p-wer to pr vein it, and that . d h'.;.-; tilings. It is, Hre-oMre, ipiile time ! ! —y vv rc .-eut back to tl rir rem fiuicnts. '! ' 0 I uchiey and I.e. Felii'i.adc inyan;, red.' I si heic on We lit.;- day re'-.re appere' io 1 1 .) . c ore-; V o;. _ -'ti m M'a: 1 mimb ioI. , re. i'>s!iy !"h 1 huni" pcrfi rnsiiico i .aid 1 i l.c un.iicn.re in Hie alnurdlty oi ii - fun, .re i T.,c fsirec of " RnK Huts, Ihity." is 1 utiuaBv amusing. I; res'ri. to think that a man o1 Mr. if. f). ! IviLreT fi irecr V'hiiiienre at the bar, should re. so rr bi-cd in 1 .rcum moos as to have his priv nh'ir coimnantly oblrudcd on the not -e <' ri ' !)ubli a ts was brought I bcfvT W I'-r. Kilda bench 011 a fraud sum- 'I'/eys . i I rh.d Ins friend's iretision, akin aire h so much Sad boon said and printed, is h.orirearesl to the utmost limit, but that if Mr. heiun I'm creditor's w ouhl allow him to live in i'cree and ou'et fm a time, his health : would rapid tv improve, and enable him to 1 "reu moi.-y by the exercise of tus profession fi >ri. Brian 1's prevent date of l.r ilth, Mr. j - M r> y ii.'-ia e 1 ill- bench that his friend is i now s , me. dally worried and weal;, ;re hardly 1 to bo in a state to distinguish hetwcreia jiau I summons and any oilier document. ' !ffu Mr. behind 110 relaiimii to assist 1 him. .mil who, if Ihoy do not voluntarily, ; riu add be compelled io do „ v; ffe has a ! son, if w mist die not, somewhere practising at the b,.r in Victoria. Mr. Samuel Macgregor ar.ainui'cs by vo' vet ti - mrent tliat, lie will attend the Ilex- Siv-.u Show 011 the ;.Lh of October, and con- d"c rede- as bcTuiofore, He ''ci/iestH full ; -1 -J. S. Jenkins, who acted as one oi ; .lie valuator- ror tne Lampfimn Shire (tmncil ' uitriy, ha-, we ib one, rerigred hi; oiiico of seer 1'iry ami engineer vl tlie .Mount House ri-'-e Coui.ujI. Fven as secretary I and engineer of the «; ire. Iris duipl.r-: office 1 did not, it ,.;rere him, ami he is about , to try "Nov, .villi!. Vvale-, wlure there is, it i h8.HI. :-l Griff Miir, .(Inrnnvxl rm> Qin-irv.wAno -7 - o mu 'Vgp.no, Tne magi.Mralvs on Die bench at Golac on i'ri lay Lust advis-d the //re-.ffff a: id Ti -n-a l"v y,le to set ule tlirer dis,un,ee out of court, am1, their advice v. as, it . trems. tak-m ( in iaio occasion, there was an iid-i'maliou, and a counter information, for Hie use of defa. mat try laugtiago towards ea hi other, wiiieli nereln r of ti.e parlies could defend. Th e area com ; - re ore; ; 1 re , 1 in the licit.nse oi Ho'lerickRose, parish, of G mriejong, Las been reduced from 1-0 lore; to 8;) acres, and the remaining oO acres are ops-m for seLection, James A. Kasthei 's applietUmi for a lieemm of -J Hi acres in the parish of Timbomi, Gamperdown, Ins boon a'proved. Abo that of John Monkivitoh. in the parish of Baiung, iruok, < Ml.ic, for <)0 ;i )-cg So ah , the applie.atioi's of lire following pison, for ruwl store lioci.se; in lire par: ill of f-Iffimi- nyt, Golac; - I'elor Fr'andson, iieury Go A, Ii I ward G!uij,man, fiohu Connelly, Jolm '..u'son, V. jllimn < am fi;re-, and Fred. Luimgue.Hr,, The apphreiTion of Hich.ard G. f()r a -r. 29p. of Jan 1 in Cm preish of G ori, j' i'g. G .mom hrevn, ,a> b-eu iiporoi cd. Al-o .hit of M 'Graig, uf t.'.c reim parish, for :>7, 1. fir. H'.p. So iff--, tliat of Go. Tee Ik-ie-me. 0j G lA.mui'he, A.!,;c, for ,'i h, ;;r. I he dm pu mreai.ee of a teacher in tlm h'- cr iff th- month o! Ik j iopfiffi ,vi "ip, ,ac 1, --ays the ! J Mm-, u, /»,',/ > w : 1 1 fi-ubiless siili be fresh in (ore 10-. n ,"y 1,; maoy. The sad evi nt w.-s i;ll\ : ' .',! 1, h-vv two \ c„; g n,mg 1-; c'm s' iii the ,viqic s-hool, wire boating ou ihs jiv-r. -md allovvcd tueniselves to drift pp., n'"'1 hcrous -urnnta t, l.ich ic % mil A dlfc m on. i : liovv ure bo.tl overturn. a A )P scr-miiel to land, mS.ih, the o hefi was ear, ;e.l over rim b'.rand out sea, T foe 1 4, . ; c" hrenvi on rin -rn-1 nreks w liicli guard th J vol amy. fi.U cr-uch a l'ou, auric d-parinrc fr, m L.n .pr- -me w orl.l -su ;i!1 c-cap-from imp -.1 tanale (fans, the - contumely of th" pr mo. nod olkr meet ire- whi T gb to make Ri' alib'Uoe i' irehard to be brought h, ! realize what re n-.w .stated to be a faff, luj j ''j i' ' "MV fid" "urnmt talk, 'thai the 1 mi'ivnffre. immediately cimccrucd is !ricl ! heel.- m another pa; t the clony, "anil ; taut be serenely smil-s when he Irenes of the ! pert 11 MM ion whi -h his r .pi I ( >,ff fr,,.n ' pit, | "» ." 'c'-re; ol die cause 1 ai tjietimo. Itis I .rjr-L '' ' mores ! .0 Tin ; 1 i the rocks ami effect a fa , x! , v .,f j.j;i , h"in , !);, ..H -r r-uriini ffj-sc du-k, he ' 1 ri- Ifi ; v, ay f > 1 i;>it, vvlrero he g tire; cl T.inn Iric I, mil affer jiarf ikin ; ' o. me m d. pr. IC edcl £!-'. onatry on f >tj ! wren 11 - 0 T- re m 1-y re p .'.-Mole, we timul 1 1 op v, ouhl "land a g -od riresree ' <> l omg In - LA w, aj L to g-1 w.fil int . lue irev-K 0 ; a. tne num- j of ik- Hopkins. ' rial urdayri Dm/res- -ay. : ,-.-/-roL io ! ha\c id > .h a1 f f j : i r ' ' > 1 1 w, h i» , r llltervrey d m.onc sty on the part of th I | in the re-ne of that , 3/urnal -t tie I 7 th ii„r„ an arlieh i.s pub. j11."'1 i;!JV;:i,,ri 1 -ml iniij.l,.. As -a | 'mm y J,i ret "1.;.., re . , ,,0 1 flwj f ' ma Pr , Ptl.re, ' elriff l: 1 ; >' ri. : ; i.pri.ation ' j11"1 i-.renm ,1 , ,.r L ; ."1 .'-y !Ie'-;lfiri " ri 1 .1",1 at 1 on- BtaMuHiDi 3 , U'Iihg.V," »: v, ' ( .. s ' nm-,lay , ,\ - , bt | aur.i c, e hr-1 e mm mi re . , mm;. Tin- ihem ; -ff cjiady tri ,.k> lire ieff-M, c.ir V I eouiu-opoiViie.-, arc per?,.-, 'y wifi-oioe p, I qu us fi'.,.n lirem. ami t'reai auric (mi- th'o 1 "l tls ' !'Kli' ri'." d ' ,,r twri, bat Ml eases we mqi ret th- y ol an I aekn. vLTmrerek 'i'/c !f« h,,j J M | howev-v, h-.j i ot only appj.r .print 1 i a p ,, - | j1'''1 j fj fecial telegram v.-j h , ,t ac- I lii: ' ' ' u gin- lit, b a , has endi av,,re,l o, ei n- i"ffri/ree -hyl'r by altwiug the title, and | aitiifoFiMDJ 1. ; j a SkXtrije mmj vvu-mh it v,-:. not, and could not, lmve be.:', d-ru ml bv j th-'fi, j mrireJ. i . JMJU j' 7t ik-.i hears that tire .onus, s 111 Rirgi o-inberi, are luting tkir t pes in ; r; Hivevine S',v„inos, Tlicy' io- a! rini.!'. c j Ih-ir in ,u in dry .3 rule w.d aurem; huh 'R»<1 d.y .pvi. - Tucir nrcr-.cmv fbr G, . Avomp.s .s siul by old .mttkis to iudicmc 1 pfic immediate approach of drought. 