ADVENT CONFERENCES. NO. iv. — ( Continued.) "We resume our reply which, in conse quence of want of room, we had to break off in our last. Fifth. In opposition to the Protestant rule of faith of the " Bible and the Bible alone," Dr. Vaughan affirmed that the Scriptural rule of faith is the "written and unwritten word interpreted by the Docens Ecclesia, or the pastors of the Church." He added that for the Protest ant rule of faith there is not a " tag of Scripture but that for the Romish one all Scripture is explicit. Like all other Romish disputants Dr. Vaughan does not scruple about fairness. For example, he alleges that the Protestant, rule is " the Bible interpreted by each man for him self ;" " the Bible interpreted by Tom Dick and Harry " the Bible according to the meaning of the greatest dunce and most uncouth clodhopper," &c.;, but this is mere burlesque and plain falsehood. Dr. Vaughan knows that this is not true. Protestants affirm that the Bible and the Bible alone is the rule of faith; not as interpreted by anybody, but as it is in it self; and although' Dr. Vaughan may reply that every man is permitted to use his private judgment, he knows that every man using his private judgment does not make "the Bible as interpreted by any body's judgment the rule of faith." The Processions' Act, for instance, is our rule of conduct on the 6th of August and the 9th of November ; the Act itself and not the interpretation of it is the rule; of course if either of us interpret it wrongly we shall suffer the consequences ; but because we so shall suffer the consequences it is absurd to say that the Act as inter preted by either of us is the rule. We shall take up the point immediately as to who is to judge ; but meantime it is just a Popish dishonesty to allege as Dr. Vaughan and all other Papal disputants do, that our rule is the Bible as interpreted by every man for himself, " Dunces, Harrys and clodhoppers and all." Has this, then, not a " tag " of Scripture to support it ? The " Bible " is said to be a light to our feet and a lamp to our path." We are told by Christ Himself to "search the Scriptures." And the Bible is said to be "able to make us wise unto salvation through faith in Christ." These are surely "tags" which pretty nearly amount to " the Bible and the Bible alone is the rule "of faith ;" at any rate, Dr. Vaughan will be challenged in vain to produce any such " tags " for the Popish rule, "The written and the unwritten word of God, inter preted by the Docems Ecclesia, that is> the pastors of the Church." Neither in the Old, nor in the New Testament is there any such " rule " prescribed ; and how easy it would have been for Paul, for example, when writing to the Romans, to have saved himself the trouble, by re ferring to St. Peter, the first Pope, reign ing at Rome, as the Docems Ecclesia ; but never a word of this— hot a. tag ! Sixth. Dr. Vaughan affirms that the Popish rule is "Christian, apostolical and \- Scriptural." What this tneans is not very 1\. aar, and' it looks very much like dust, nottu multiplication of words meaning >r ra|f S8-. P?e would imagine that if a / hba if it «Nt.ian:it must be Apostolical ; \- tolical, it must be Chris- tian ; and if it be both, it must be Scrip tural ; but Dr. Vaughan heaps up the words without one shadow of distinction or discrimination ; and the assertion, in volves the very thing to be proved, but not one syllable of proof is given. What is really the Popish rule ? It is this : " Believe what the Church believes ; accept without question, and as a matter of authority, what the Church teaches; never doubt her, never question her, accept her implicitly, without the Scrip ture, as the true and only voice of God." But how shall we know that this rule is " Christian ?" — by believing the Church ! How shall we know that it is apostolical ? — by believing the Church! How shall we know that it is Scriptural? — by never open ing the Scriptures to see, bat by taking the assertion of Dr. Vaughan for it ! The truth is, that such a rule subverts every principle on which the Scriptures have been written ; for what is the use of the Scriptures at all, since the " teaching church," that is, the infallible Pope and his priests must always be listened to, and that without any question ! Seventh. But now we come to Dr. Vaughan's great card. " Who is to judge of the meaning of Scripture?" Stagna- tion and sterility are ever stamped on the Romish Church ; ingenuity and -genius are impossible in her; for her great arch bishops have not made one particle of advance on the silly reasoning which used to amuse us when we were only a child. Says Dr. Vaughan: " An infallible judge of Scripture is necessary ; some one is necessary to interpret it infallibly, so as to supersede ' private judgment ; ' this will end controversy; this will keep people from going astray ; it will be .like what obtains in the civil law : Joachim says this land is mine ; but O'Shannessy says, No, it is mine ! Who is to decide ? Both parties appeal to a 'judge ' or the bench, and a final decision is given; so it is necessary that the Church should be the judge in all matters of faith and contro versy; and it is necessary also that the Pope should be infallible as Christ's vicar." This is the trumpery special pleading of the great Coadjutor ; but surely, although at first sight it looks a little specious, a child is sufficient to unravel its fallacy. For example ; it sets out with the assum ption of what must be, and what is neces sary; but is it not laughable that the necessary Church is to prop up and prove the necessity of its own existence ! A priori argument may be carried to any extent ; but it is quite useless in such a case. Instead of making the Church infallible, would it not have been better to make every man infallible ! Instead of setting up a judge of controversies, would it not have been wiser to make controversy, im possible ? Suppose that it is granted that the Church is infallible, and the Pope infallible as the judge of controversies, has the object been attained? In the days of the Apostles controversies and divi sions were rife ; in all the Churches there were divisions and strifes when Peter " reigned ; " from that day until now the world has been full of controversies ; and, notwithstanding that the Vatican has spoken, there are still controversies as to whether the Pope is an infallible judge at all ! The truth is this The parallel between the judge on the bench, as in the Joachim-O'Shannessy case, and the sup posed infallible Church, judging of con troversies and interpretations is full of fallacies/ For example : every body in the community knows that Sir James Martin is the Chief Justice of the colony ; but nobody knows with the same certainty that the Pope is Christ's Vicar. Sir James is able to produce his credentials, but the Pope has none to produce unless frauds and forgeries ; Sir James judges in matters of social interest which are within his grasp ; but the Pope affects to judge of things which relate to the conscience, which he cannot control and cannot bind ; and Sir James admits he may err; but the Pope affects to tell us that he cannot err, on the ground of his own assertion ! If there be then, an infallible judge, it is perfectly clear that neither the Romish Church nor the Pope is that judge; for under such sway the world is full of the most contradictory opinions, and Rome her self has never yet given an infallible inter pretation of one chapter of the Bible ! What indeed could be more monstrous than that the Church of Rome or the Pope should claim to be the infallible interpreter of the Bible, and has never yet given an infallible interpretation of one word of it ! Ought not this infallible judge to set the world at rest by publish ing his interpretation, that the world not longer may have an excuse for heresies and divfeidiis ? If Dr. Vaughan has the vfeakness to quote to us the texts, " Hear the Church," « Tell it to the Church," " Call in the priests," &c.;, we will reply to him that these , will be accepted when he shows that they refer to the Romish Church aud the Romish priests, which he well knows he cannot do. The Bible says nothing of an infallible judge.; but it tells every man to judge for himself — "Try . the spirits," " Search the Scriptures," "Let -every man be fully- persuaded in his own mind," "Every man shall bear his own burden," "Every man must answer for himself," and "I speak as unto wise men, judge ye what I say." " But," says Dr. Vaughan, " under this rule there are numerous, sects." " Yes," we reply, " and those sects existed in Apostolic times, and" not one of the Apostles referred to an infallible pope or " Docens Ecclesia ," as the judge; but they wrote letters, the written word, (which each party was to read and understand, because the written statement was perfectly within the comprehension and judgment of every man; and then, is it not equally true, that, at the present day, notwithstanding the high assumptions of the infallible Pope and the Docens Ecclesia, the world is so lull of controversy and difference, that the " infallibility of the Church " has been worse than useless ? Eighth. Dr. Vaughan was surely at a loss for argument when he advanced this puerility in favour of his church and the rule of faith. " The Catholic Church has, by her works, as they stand out in history, alone proved herself equal to the task of regenerating large masses of humanity;" This may be called the weakness of absurdity. The Catholics are said to be " two hundred millions." If we look at the nations and peoples who are counted up to make this total, what "regenerated scoundrels " nine-tenths of them ; are ! Look at Spain, look at Belgium, look at France, look at Mexico, look at Ireland (the Popish part of it), and look especially at Italy, or Rome itself, where the in fallible man has been living and reigning far longer than " the days of Peter the rags, the wretchedness, the crimes, the wickedness, the ignorance, the super stitions, and the villainies of those "Catho lic countries " are splendid specimens of the infallible Popish Church's "regenerating power !" She had more power when she was burning poor heretics because they would not submit to her murdering cruel ties. But suppose every "Tom Dick and Harry, dunce, clown . and clodhopper " of these Catholic countries be thrown into the scale, so as to make up the twO hun dred millions, what are two hundred mil lions to boast of by an infallible church, when five times that number have not yet been reached by her after the lapse of 1800 years of her infallible teaching ? Is this church " Catholic ?" Are five to two now universal? This is the funny arith metic which is now. being taught at St. John's College ! The "works" of Rome do " stand out in history ;" and they form a beacon which every intelligent and patri otic man will accept as an argument why she should not be permitted to repeat her " works." Ninth. We confess that we scarcely expected, little as we think of Dr. Vaughan's capacity, that he would descend to the drivel and claptrap of this argument, in defence of his infallible church, — "Christ did not teach the people by multiplying Bibles — no, He spoke. He did not say, ' You can understand my doctrine just as you like, and each of you according to his bent, can sit in judgment upon it ;' no, He spoke as one having authority. The apostles did not go about writing Bibles-— no, they preached. They did not say 'read,' but 'hear;' he that heareth us heareth God. They received the Holy Ghost, and they were led into all truth. They formed one organisation, with Pater as Head and Ruler ; and they did not say 'criticise our doctrine,' 'judge our preach ing,' but ' believe,' and ' have faith ! ' " Now, it is utterly impossible to reason with a man who talks such rubbish. It cannot be with the simplicity of an honest heart that Dr. Vaughan speaks such per versity and silliness ; it is nothing else but the wilfulness of one who has been trained to support a theory by the most flagrant twisting and falsifying of words. It is true that Christ spoke, and spoke with authority ; but does it follow that the Romish Church speaks with the same authority ? It is true ' that Christ spoke, and men were bound to hear ; but does it follow that men are bound to hear the Pope? It is true that those who heard the Apostles heard Christ, for they were inspired by his Spirit ; but does it follow that the crowds who were hearing Dri Vaughan were hearing Paul and Peter and John? The Apostles gave proof of their inspiration ; it remains for Dr. Vaughan to give proof of his, for as yet it is evident that with all His learning and apostolic rings and gold crosses lie has done nothing but utter the drivel and common places of which even " dunces and clod hoppers " ought to be ashamed. If there be any force in the argument of speaking versus writing , and of Jiea/riiig versus read ing, it proves too much. Christ did not write, therefore Dr. Vauglian and the Pope should not write ! The Apostles were commanded to " preach," therefore they should not have written; but they did write; therefore they did wrong, and therefore they, were not infallible ! And so, of course, their writings are unneces sary ! This, no doubt is the Popish reason for laying aside the Scriptures ; the people don't need to read ; their whole duty is to hear, and, of course, to believe without question ! . Tenth. Dr. Vauglian has not risen above the vicious circle in which all Papists delight to reason. "How," says he, "do I know that the Bible is the Word of God ? Because the Church authenticates :it to me." And " how do I know that the Boman Church is the true Church? Because the sacred page says of Peter, ' Thou art the rock !' " That is, O'Shannasy :says to Joachim, " this land is mine ;" '"how do you prove it?" asks1 Joachim-; "Because here is the deed," answers O'Shannassy. "But how dol know," says Joachim, "that the deedis genuine?" "Oh," answers O'Shannassy, "because I say so!" Papists would be ashamed to reason in rfchis way about their business and houses ; but -they are quite content to listen to the Archbishop talking this nonsense on the subject of religion, just because they have been taught to seal up their intelligence and common sense on this all-important matter. But surely it is time that Dr. "Vaughan and every other man who pre tends to education should drop the texts, " Thou art Peter," "Feed my lambs," and " Confirm thy brethren," as proofs that Peter was made Pope of the Church, and the Pope and Church of all generations were to be the Pope and Church of Borne. Some of the best of the " Fathers " deny altogether the interpretation which Dr. Vaughan puts- upon these texts ; but if Ohrist saying to Peter, " Thou art Peter " made him the Rock of the Church ; will not Christ saying to the same Peter, " Thou art an offence to me ; get thee, behind me Satan," make him an; offence and a devil whom we ought to avoid? "Pregnant words!" Yes, big with proof of . Peter's weakness. But think of Dr. Vaughan uttering such flagrant folly as this in the midst this 19 th century — " The promise of the Saviour to Peter has had its fulfilment in the Sove reign Pontiffs who have ruled in Borne. Ho heresy has ever stained the chair of St. Peter. Every other Church has failed . but this one ! ." Dunces and clodhoppers may believe such falsehoods ; but there is no man who has ever read the lives of the Popes, will not rise from the horrible perusal without feeling that if ever the devil had a progeny it was bred and nursed in the Vatican at Borne. Eleventh. If ever Dr. Vaughan has exposed himself to the contempt of every "thinking man in his own community, he did in his method of reply to Dr. Barker en the subject of the fake decretals and forgeries of Borne. He had a fine oppor tunity to deny the forgeries and defend -the decretals if he had been able to do so. He had a fine opportunity to prove that the decretals and the forgeries were no part of the law and claims of the Boman Church, if he had been able to do so. But, instead of this, and availing himself of his Jesuitical teaching, he did what every pettifogging lawyer does when he has no case— he abused the plaintiff. For example, Bishop Barker said that the " primacy of the Pope " depended on those false, decretals and forgeries. What is Dr. Vaughan's reply? why this, " that as the primacy of the Pope had been spoken "of before 800, the date of those false decretals -and forgeries, therefore the primacy had nothing to do with those falsehoods and forgeries ! Thus Dr. Vaughan sneakingly, cowardly, admitted that the decretals were false and that the forgeries were forgeries ; but while so admitting, he actually tried to take advantage of the falsehoods and .forgeries by fixing upon their date, to prove that the primacy is a scriptural truth ! It .is, perhaps a clever trick ; but if Bishop Barker ever answers the tirade of the noble Boger, here he has an opening for Smashing up the Popish orator and making such a jelly of him as to be fit for being potted to be sent to Borne. It is true that the primacy was heiard of before 'the date of the false decretals; "the mystery of iniquity began to work " in the very days of the apostles ; but in the end of the seventh century the Pope of Borne denounced the " primacy " when assumed by, an, Eastern Bishop, saying that he who I claimed to be the " Universal Bishop was an antichrist ; " but the same Pope, the Great Gregory, accepted this " blasphem ous, profane, and.antichristian title," from the murderer Phocas, and of course, it then was the very title which Christ had meant for the humble Peter ! Neverthe less, the forged documents and false decretals have been the main supports of the Boman primacy. Not until 1870 was the top stone of the primacy laid upon the building in the blasphemous dogma of the Pope's infallibility. But the forgeries are now admitted ! The false decretals are also admitted ! And these, in fact, at the present day, lie at the basis of the power and claims which the Pope now holds. Without these falsehoods, and if were they torn away from all the places where they cement the system, the Papal superstition would instantly fall into amass of rubbish and corruption too foul even to be buried. 