EARLY RISING. Why is it ;that folks who liko to do a thing aro not.content to do it, and leave others, unadvioed, to act for themselves? \WI17 should thoy insist on putting .everybody into their pint meaouro, and .condemning all .who happen not ito fill it exactly ? This peculiarity is conspicuous in. social habits, -in tho routine of every day life. The man who confines himself to -.two meals in twenty-four ihours imagines he has cause of grievance against the inun preferring (throeo or four meals. The woman who enjoys society and travel feels uncharitably toward the entirely stay-at-home body. In nothing is this trait more Miser able than in getting up in the morning about whioh peoplo differ so very .widely. They who choose to lio late: are amiable enough toward those who bolievo, from a queor sense of hospital ity, that thoy ought to welcome tho dawn; chat the dawn would ho dis tressed unioss they should co -operate with it, and keep it in countenance for its premature coming. But the esrly- risers are not so kindly tolerant. If not positively inimical to the late lier, they greatly disapprovo of him, and aro in clined to give him wholesome counsel against his habit. Can any odo toll why the more faot of being up at or before daylight yiolds to a man tin assuraaco of mortal superiority ? What specific and shiuing virtuo is thore in looping out of bod and dressing one's self in the dark ? What orown of honor | is conferred upon tho fellow \vh", uuablo to sleep in tbo morning, bonucos up betimes to advertise such incapacity ? Thoso bo subtle questions, nud their answers inhere in the mysterious root of things. But there can bo no question that tho habitually early rissr couceives that tbo Tan Commandments aro con served in bim, in addition to an ample system of etbics. When lib appears at brcnkl'ast, ho is vory likoly to ask thoso at the lablo ivhon they roso, feigning ignorance on a point in ivbichha takes par ticular intorest to ba informed. Having boon told that thoy roso nt six, or seven, or eight o'clock, he invariably aunouncos with great gusto, " Why, I was up two hours before nuy of you 1" Thon lie proceeds to patronize, in a very lofty maimer, tho inferior mortals who are not ashamed to confess that they have no prejudice in favor of getting up in tho middle of tho night. Nor is he content to enjoy this exalted triumph once, twice, thrieo, or twonty times. Evory morning he plumes himself anoiv, puts tho same question, and each time adds to his moral worth and personal con sequence. What offence is thero in sleep, that to protract it in tho morning should bo visited npon us so sevoroly ? Casuists have informed us that man is always sinning, except in sleep, which should therefore bo ardently encouragod, whether before or after daivn. Do the Seven Sleepers typify the Soron Deadly Sins, or does tho early riser dosign to bamboozle our thoology ? Wo snspoct the latter, for ho is nn incomprchensiblo, whollyiuconsistent person, who obviously thinks that his matutinal self- elevation should ntone for any nnd all othor defects whatsoever. It is not sloop, but sleep in tho morning to which ho is hostile. Ho is fond of saying that wo cauuot bo iu bed too long before midnight, or too briefly after daybreak. And thon thore is some sort of iniquity appertaining to the bed. He himself will frequently get np at four or five o'clock, nud, after dressing, descend to tho library or sitting room, throw himself on the lounge, and be dozing in five minntes. Hi does not feel any shame for this either, although at breakfast I10 will be ready to hector his sons or brothers-in-law, who were at the same timo inandibly asleep over head, for being irredeemable sluggards. It is noticeablo that the early riser often compensates himself for bio greeting to the dawn by frequent naps botween that hour and his regular bed- time. He gets up, but only to lie down again ; ho is not up for all day, nor is thero need of it, in his judgment, after ho has performed the important duty. The whole matter lies in this ; it is good for persons to rise early who want to do so, or who have something to oc cupy them, but they who have no neces sity, and enjoy sleeping, ought to be privileged to lie abed without discredit or condemnation. This is rank heresy wo are aware, but we are averse to fanaticism even 011 this time-honored subject. Thero are virtues altogether independent of the hour of getting up, and some men who have slept late have gone to their graves with blameless records, and left largo estates for their kindred to quarrel over. To get up merely for the sake of getting up is not of necessity a saving grace, and vices might be named — it is truo they are deep and dark — whioh it will not expiate. Late sleepors have so long boon bullied nnd persecuted that they would seein to havo earned indulgence. Tho inexorable early riser should compas sionate them at last, and permit them to go to perdition, if they will, on downy beds of ease. Even if thoy be resolved to rush upon destruction from hair mat tresses, let them rush, while he may seek absolution for non-interference by getting up for six months at two o'clock in the morning. It is well not to be beguiled by saws nnd counsels on the subject. Most of them have their origin in a distnnt era, and under conditions, totally different from those now existent. Our remote ancestors went to bed early because there was nothing else to do. Thoir descendants of to-day go to bed late and get up late for very much the same renson. Country folk seek their pillow from sheer fatigue, from weari- iness, and from want of mental stimu- ilant. City people avoid their pillow, for at dark thoir recreation begins, and the joys of the night are poetio and manifold. The latter half of tho nine teenth century is an age of gaslight, of midnight suppers, of nocturnal plea sures, of turning night into day. He who goes to bed early cannot see tho realities or tho ghosts of the time, and to rico enrly would subject him to a splendid isolntion, besides fitting him ere long for a sleep in the cemetery. — Note Yank Times. 