TOWN TALK. According to a telegram received by tlie agents in Melbourne, the steamer Somerset shire arrived at St. Vincent on the Sth in stant. During the principal holidays this Easter, the return of the number of persons who left the Geeldng railway station shows a marked increase on that of last year. In 1875, 875i passengers obtained tickets on Good Friday, on Saturday '7561, and on Easter Monday 6004; total, 22324. In 1S76, on Good Friday 778, Saturday S4G4, and Easter Monday 96G; total, 2590. This shows an increase of 3574 passengers. Mr Henry, the Station-master, states that the number of persons who passed through the station was very large, the increase in a great measure being due to the new lines of rail way open. Three young follows picnicing at Bream Creek during the holidays had a narrow escape from losing their lives. Although a heavy sea was coming in, and the tide rising, they venturesomely went out on the furthest ledge of rocks in order to obtain some rock cod. Whilst sitting there a large wave came and swept them off, and it was thought by the persons on the shore, who observed the occurrence, that they were lost. How ever, they were only taken on to a lower ledge, and succeeded, as soon as the water had retired, in regaining their old position, from whence they beat a hasty retreat to the shore. They were very much bruised from being washed against the rocks, but they considered themselves fortunate in escaping from being drowned. Yesterday was a most unpleasant day in Geelong, as far as the weather was concerned. A strong wind blew from the west, bringing with it thick clouds of dust, when they had full sway for something like three hours and a half, it was quite amusing toj notice that the leather-aproned Cor poration men appeared with their hydrants in order to water the streets. If they had turned out earlier in the morning they would have been of some use, instead of showing up when it commenced to rain, and after tradesmen's wares had received an unwelcome complement of dust. Among the articles at the Exhibition call ing for special reference is a novelty in the way of churns made and patented by Messrs Wolter aud Echberg, and exhibited by the local agent, Mr J. Daniel. The churn is a simple contrivance : an elongated box, inside of .which is fixed two wooden gratings; the cream is placed into the box from the lid, which is air-tight. ^ The box works upoD a pivot, and in the manufacture of butter one end of it is merely pressed up and down for a few minntes, and then the butter is made. Mrs Maver, who has been show ing the churn, made sixty pounds of butter in 124 minutes on a recent trial, and without exerting herself in the least in the operation. The washing-machine, patented by the same firm, is similar in design, and worked in the same manner. The inside is lined with carved rollers, the clothes are put into the trougli with water, soap, and soda, the air-tight lid fixed on, aud then the motion of the machine up and down washes the ai tides. An American wringer is at tached, and through the two revolving cylin ders of iron, coated with indiarnbber, the j clothes are passed. Both machines are wor thy of inspection. The .coaches from the country districts last evening brought to' town a large number of the excursionists. As on the previous evening the railway station presented a scene of bustle and excitement on account of the holiday makers returning home. The special and ordinary trains seemed to be despatched with more punctuality. A special meeting of the St. Patrick's So ciety was held last evening, in St. Mary's schoolroom. The President, Mr P. Healcy, occupied the chair, and stated that he had called the meeting for the purpose of obtain ing the opinion of the members with refer ence to the advisability of purchasing pre mises to be converted into a St. Patrick's Hall, or obtaining a site and erecting a building. He pointed out, by the Friendly Societies' Act, that the committee were em powered to act on their own responsibility, but he considered it was only fair that the general body should be consulted. Mr Healey said he did not wish the members to think the committee intended to rush in hot haste to buy the first place offered to them, but simply to have the consent of the mem bers, so that they could take advantage of the first opportunity which presented itself of obtaining a good building. After the matter had been discussed, it avas thought desirable to adjourn the meeting for a aveek, on account of so feav members being present, and to alloav the business to be fully made known by advertisement. At the Good Templars session, held in Ballarat, the appointment of lecturer for the avhole Order was conferred on Dr Macartney, at a salary of £300 a year, together avith traa'clling expenses. The doctor avas also elected to the position of standing counsel to the Order. It is contemplated to insist on the proper authorities carrying out the provisions of the present laavs relating to the sale of strong drink. The next Grand Lodge session avill, ave believe be held in Geelong. Everything appears to go avrong avith the Carnival Art Union at Ballarat. The latest is a quarrel between the tavo secretaries and Mr Braithavaite avith respect to the office in the Camp Hotel and the possession of books, documents, &c.;, connected avith the Art Union. The subscribers are evidently tho roughly sick of the sorry affair, judging from the number of letters appearing in the Ballarat noavspapers. It had been decided in Sydney by the various churches to adopt the suggestion of the Governor of New South Wales to have a day of humiliation and prayer on Good Friday to obtain a mitigation or removal of the drought. After the proclamation avas issued a tolerable abundance of rain fell, and a form of thanksgiving avas substituted in many of the churches on Good Friday. Good progress is being made avitli the tar footpaths. This boon to pedestrians has been extended in Malop-street from Belle rine to Savanston Streets, and avill be con tinued toavards the Gardens on the right hand side. A clerk to Mr Snoavden, the solicitor, in Melbourne, named James Westley, has been summoned by the detective police for having attempted to influence the decision of a juryman by bribery, in the Learmonth v Bailey case. The City of Melbourne and Collingwood Gas Companies intend reducing the price of gas to 7s fid per thousand feet. The first sod of the Portland and Hamil ton railway is to be turned by His Excellency Sir Geo. Bowen, on the 27th inst. The novelty of a train at Staavcll secm3 to have turned the heads of the people. The excursion trainB there avere rushed, and per sons—both male and female—avere bundled into the carriages throngh the avindoavs. The services of MrM'Carthy, head teacher at the Timor State school, Maryborough district, have been dispensed avith, as his absence from school through an indulgence in stimulants avas reported by the inspector. The Mechanics' Institute was well patro nised last evening. A new entertainment | was given by Mr and Mrs Empson, con sisting of character songs, etc., and the pro menaders were kept amused during the evening. Both vocalists have a stock of I pleasing langhable songs and sketches, so that for the remainder of the week visitors in the evenings will be well off for a supply | of fun. The committee of the Indented Head's I Ploughing Match will meet this evening at the Buck's Head Hotel, Drysdale. The drawing for the Marathon Stakes in I connection with the Grant and Polwarth Coursing Club takes place this morning at | 10 o'clock at Mack's Hotel. Mr T. C. Hope has been elected, unop posed, as one of the councillors to represent the west riding of the Shire of Bannockburn. In the absence of an auctioneer a Mr I Koffey sold a horse, the winner of the Selling Race at a country meet, and the Talbot magistrates fined him £2 and ISs costs for having acted as an auctioneer without a license. On Easter Monday a team from the Break water Cricket Club visited Melbourne to play a match with the Hotliain Hill Club. The game was all in favor of the visitors, who in their first innings scored 56, and in | their second with six 'wickets down 73, as against 52 scored by the Hotham Hill in their first attempt, and 30 in their second. For the winners the batting of Armour, Eden, Jane, and C. Brearley, was excellent, whilst Martin and M'Entee were successful I on the other side. Eden and Gliddon bowled splendidly for the Breakwater, their averages, especially the former's, being good. A young man named Arthur Benson when playing cricket, at Coleraine, the other day, was struck violently by the ball, which he was attempting to play, rising suddenly at I the wicket. The bono of the forehead just above the left eye was dented in. A professor of tcetotalism, at Belfast, " shouted " at a certain hotel in the Western District for a number of persons, and after wards refused to pay for the liquors because he had not tasted any of the intoxicating | stuff. Since 1S71 there have been nearly 400 insolvency cases entered in the Ballarat Court. The news of gold discoveries in the Palmer district in Queensland has caused some com motion in China. Already thousands of the Celestials have left the Flowery Land for the diggings, and the latest news from China states that 2000 Chinese were waiting at Hong Kong for ships to take them to Cook town and the Palmer goldfields. jj§The opening of the Deuiliquin and Moama Railway will take place in about a couple of months. An extraordinary incident occurred in a theatre in Hew Zealand some evenings ago. A gentleman was sitting conversing in the dress circle when suddenly he felt something up the leg of the trousers quickly, and on shaking his leg, out jumped a large rat. The circumstance occasioned not a little merri ment to those who saw it, but the gentle man lost his composure for a few minutes. The total receipts of the fair at Sandhurst on Monday amounted to £169112s 6d. The Drysdale Blondin performed at the fair, and the receipts at his booth amounted to over £10S. Great difficulty was experienced in getting twelve men to form a jury at an inquest at Foxhow, the other day. Some drovers pass ing through the township with cattle for the Ballarat market, had to be detained to make up the requisite twelve good and true. Some consternation is being caused to pro perty-holders at Toowoomba, Queensland, by the unexpected appearance of a claimant, who intends to try and dispossess them oil the ground of a prior claim. The site where the Bank of Queensland stands, and one of tlie properties claimed, is valued at from £4000 to £5000. Yesterday's Evening Post (Ballarat) has the following:—"One of tb v.ir.vst hofrihle uJiIotib niiicu li is possible to conceive happened this afternoon on the Melbourne road. A little fellow 6 years of age, son of Sir Scliraeder, the well-known bandmaster, was hanging on to the cart of an old bliuil organ- grinder, the vehicle being driven by a mere child, who certainly never ought to have been entrusted with the management of a horse, when by some means or other the boy Scliraeder got his leg entangled in the wheel, and notwithstanding his piercing screams, the horse was allowed to go on till the wheel had made four distinct revolutions, at each one of which pieces of tlie leg were torn away. When the horse was stopped the child's clothes were all rent oil, and the place had more tlie appearance of a butcher's shop than anything else. The leg was broken to pieces, raw from the thigh to the ankle, and completely torn out of its socket. So firmly was it fixed in the cart that the wheel had to be taken off, and one of the spokes sawn away before the child could be released. He was at once conveyed to the hospital, when circulars were issued to the medical staff for the pur pose of performing an amputation." The rainfall at Port Darwin during tlie first three months of the present year amounted to over 40 inches. The first of a series of matches (with Martini-Henry rifles) between the St. Kilda Artillery and the 1st Ballarat Bangers, took place on the goldfields on Monday. The scores were—Ballarat, C95 ; St. Kilda, 636. The recent shipment of salmon ova to • Southland, N.Z., is likely to prove a success. Although a large number of the ova packed by Mr Youl have turned out to be unimpreg nated, live fish are apparent in a large amount of those packed by Mr Buckland, and it is considered that tliey should hatch out in a few days. A telegram hi Monday's Herald stated that a man had been arrested at Inglewood on suspicion of being the perpetrator of the outrage on Mrs Eeice, at Burrumbeet. Ho confirmation of tlie statement had been re ceived by the Ballarat police last evening. The Gnlgong Argus says that a boy who was throwing stones at another lad on the j Redhill, finding one of tlie stones ho picked , up unusually heavy, took it home, and after weighing it, found it to be a nugget of gold, weighing some two ounces. The Mount Alexander Mail Tecords the | death .of an old lady named Yandell, who died on Wednesday night last, in her 80th year, twenty-seven of which was spent in the colony. She was not only a grandmother, but a great grandmother. She was married j 54 years ago, and has left behind her a hus band, in the enjoyment of strength and good I health. Referring to a certain Sliire President in the Western district, the Warrnamhool Ex aminer writes :—" When the President of ! a Sliire Council has the ignorance and im pertinence to say that 'it was only by the courtesy of public bodies that the Press re porters were admitted to take notes of their proceedings,' we think it is quite within our province to say that he is a consummate fool." Some months ago an inquiry was held into the case of a man named Richard Pryor, an | inmate of tlie Kew Lunatic Asylum, who al leged that he had received ill-treatment at | the hands of the attendants, and had had his jaw broken and his arm injured. His alle gations were not sustained at the time. The unfortunate man died in the asylum on the 14th inst., and ah inquest was held on Mon day. The medical evidence then given by I Dr. Neild, as the result of the postmortem \ examination, showed that there was no frac ture of .the jaw or arm, but there was a bony growth on the jawbone, which explained the complaints of the patient. The man died from disease of the brain and heart, and a verdict was returned accordingly. ; The Times (H.Z.) publishes the following ' extract from a private letter vvitli regard to the "hard times" at the Thames:—"There has been no exaggeration of the destitution whatever, and X have heard that some fami lies have been living on peaches and potatoes, with an occasional loaf of bread. Many of the miners with families would long ago have been in a state of positivo starvation but for their bits of gardens and their being able to get a limited credit." The following is from the Echo :—" News paper enterprise, it appears from one more example, may be carried too far. Some weeks ago the Licensed Victuallers' Gazette got into some trouble from having lost an action for libel brought by it against The Oeelong Advertiser, and the costs of the action not having been paid, the Gazette was put up for auction under the hammer of the sheriff. The price the officer required was £55, aud that sum was offered by the proprietor of the Gazette, and accepted. "With the money tendered in payment was a cheque for £5, which the officer refused to accept. It was a customer's cheque, aud while a messenger was away to procure gold foritthe lot wasknocked down to the proprietors of our evening con temporary. A bonus on the bargain was imme diately offered by Mr King, but it was re | fused, and the Ilerahl then added the Gazette as a separate paper to its own journalistic I efforts. But the purchasers had omitted to I notice that though they had bought the copyright they had not purchased the Ga zette s business—its subscribers' names, its advertisement orders, or. its debts. Mr King, in self-defence, at once began the pub lication of a facsimile of the Gazette, under Me title of the Licensed Victuallers' Advocate. His old friends stuck to him, as they were well entitled to do, and on Saturday last the proprietor of the Advocate was rewarded for his pluck and perseverance by the discovery that the Gazette had that day quietly given up the ghost—disappeared from the news paper literature of the city." Yesterday's Age says -.-"Nothing autho ritative is known on the subject, but it was rumored about town yesterday that the Custom House authorities had opened the letters received by the last mail addressed to Messrs L. Stevenson aud Sons, and had discovered that they contained two sets of invoices, the one bearing all the marks of genuine documents, and the other setting out lower values for the goods detailed in the apparently genuine set. If this rumor —and we only give it as such—should prove correct, the suspicions of the de partment will be confirmed, and the deten tion of the letters amply justified. It has been incorrectly stated that the investiga tion confided to the four experts has been closed. The fact is, three out of four of the experts have given their estimates of the value of the goods submitted to them; the fourth lias yet to make his valuation. When that is complete, the Customs department will send in its report to the Government." Writing on the same subject, -the Telegraph says" The present intention of the Go vernment is to impound the letters which in another week will come to the firm by the Sau Francisco mail, aud in fact to stop all letters that left England prior to the com mencement of the inquiry." A novel plea was made the other week at Port Victor by a man who was charged with supplying intoxicating drink to a half-caste native female. "He acknowledged," says the South A ustralian Register, " that he had given the woman some wine, but said that this was solely upon her representing to him that it was all right, as she being a half caste, he was allowed to let her have half the quantity he could supply to a white per son. The magistrate, not entertaining the same view of the law, fined the delinquent 20s and costs." On the 7th instant, at Auckland, a diver named Henry Singleton met his death under exceptionally distressing circumstances. Ho was engaged to examine the bottom of the Brodick Castle, and went down in a divim* dress which had been noticed to bo Slightly before being put on, and was tem porarily repaired. After being down fifteen minutes he gave the signal to haul up. The party above were unable to comply for some minutes, and when brought to the surface and his hemlet detached, the man was found to be all but dead. A delay again occurred in getting the dress off, and when the doctors arrived life was extinct. A Hindostanec work on the subject says that " music is the painfully acquired art of speaking very loudly in a shrill voice." The definition is strictly correct, when applied to the singing of not a few. A remarkable discovery of hidden trea sures, consisting of gold coins, solid pieces of gold, aud gold rings, to the value of about 1 £o,000 was recently made at a place called WAtcals, in*Ceylon. The third largest bell in use in the world i was recently placed in the cathedral in Cologne, Germany. The bell is 10ft. Sin. high, lift 2in. in diameter, and weighs over °us* metal used was obtained by melting French cannon captured durin" the Franco-Pmsaian war. 