-.-.THE.NOVELIST.. . A O' LONIALJREFORMEB, [BY THE AUTHOR OE " TUB SQUATTBU'S , DREAM," .' MY 'RUN HOME," U FENCING OF WAND KNOWN A," ETC., ETC] CHAPTER VI. (CONTINUED.) "Well," proceeded Mr. Isaac settling himself calmly down to his fourth tumbler ** where was IV with thoa" blank cattle oh ! at the top of the road where it, used t o make in, at the top of Muuat Victoria. By gum! it makes me feel as if t ere was no rheumatism, in thete blessed old bouea of mine when I think how wa rode all that blessed .day.' All the night before we'd been on our horses, round and round the cattle, in a scrub full ol' rocka ; it rained in buckets and tubs, thundering and ligiitniug, and pitch dark; and I knowing that if the cattle broko loo.-io wed never «ee half of 'em again." I " Why, bless my soul!" ejaculated Mr. Neu champ, completely dislodged from his previous conviction, that cattle wem a more, pleasing and interesting description of stock than sheep, " how did you ever succeed in keeping thom ?" " We did keep 'em, and that's about all I know," xesponde ? the fierce drover of other days. " How .we did it the devil only knows. 1 swore enough that night for him to lend a han/d, if he's on for such fakes, as some says. 1 rodo slap into Tinpot, the black boy, once, taking him for au old cow, and Tommy Toke, the white lad, ran against a tree and knocked one of his horse's eyes clean out. Well, daylight carne at last, and we had the cattle at our own price, blast 'em. All day they was, .very sulky and slinged along, and wouldn't feed. "Well, we was sulky too, for we'd no time to stop ! and cook a bite, it was so thick." I " What started 'em so ?" inquired the landlord ; . *.' they'd had a deal ol' camping before they came so far." I " God knows ! - a kangaroo or a bear, or they saw I a ghost or a blackfellow- something we couldn't I eue ; and once they were fairly up, the devil him- I self wouldn't get them to settle again. Now I knew a first-rat« camp two or three milos from +he "bottom of this here hill, almost as good as a yard, hut with a bit of feed and water in, a regular wall <of rock all round ; one man, with a lire, could keep "em first-rate. So my dart was to get to this place, and I waa looking forward to a bit of hot aamper and a warm quart or two of tea, with a quiet ' smoke. ".Just as I thinks of this we turned the corner, and there, in the narrowest part of the road, was a road gang, as they call it, a goodish crowd of chained convicts makin' believe to mend the road, with a party of soldiers to look after 'em and a young officer to look after the soldiers, and a white- whiskered hard-hearted old rascal of a corporal to look after him. " The corporal was a walking up and down, on ? guard, backwards and forwards, very stiff and solemn. There'd been a chap bolted (and shot dead, too) the night afore, so he was on a bit of extra pipeclay. " Our mob propped, dead-the "cattle and Tin ."Pot and Tommy Tope-at what, they'd never seen afore. Now we couldn't give the party the go-bye anyhow, unless they went into their huts." " VVhy not ?" asked Mr. Nouchamp, deeply in- terested. .IDioniuu, , " Because ihe mountain waa like the side of a "house above the road, and fell straight down below tlive hundred feet, like a sea-cliff. There was jus* that chain or two of level track, and that was all. T goes up to the corporal, ' I say, mate,' says I, ' cant you get your canaries off the track here for about'a quarter of an hour, and let my mob of cattle pass ?' " He looks at me, turniug his eyes, but not his head, and keeps on marchi -g up and down like a blessed image; al' he says was, ' Make an applica- tion to the officer in command,' says he. " So I looks about, and presently I sees a slight built young fellow, in a shell jacket, lounging about a tent. ."'Scuse, me, captain,' say* I, 'will you order your men to leave off their work (work, thinks H and keep the road clear while I gat my cattle past ? They're awful wild, aud won't face the track with all these chaps in yellow and black and leg-irons, They never see a road gang before.' " 'What extraordinary cattle for New South Wal«s 1" said the young fellow, ' I should say there was plenty of room between the men and the hill. Can't move her Majesty's troops nor the industrious gang before six o'clock.*' " By-, I was mad. If we eonldn't get the cattle by with the light, we ran the risk of their breaking before we got to camp and having ano- ther night like last night over again. It was hard ! 1 ground my teeth as I went back and passed the corporal, walking up and down with his con- founded musket. . " When I got past him, I saw the cattle staring and looking hard, drawn up a good deal closer. The two boys were very sulky at the notion of auother night watching, and riding, with scarce anything to eat for twenty-four hours. So was T, when I thought of the long cold hours if wo didn't make our camp. " Suddenly an idea came into my head ; I seo something aa give me a notion. 'Tommy Toke,' «ays I, ' you look out to back up and keep the tail of'the mob going, if they make a rush. Tin Pot, you keep on the up>»er side, and look outthoy don't break back. They're a going to make a charge.' " What started mo on this plan all of a sudden, was this wise. Wo had nu old blue half-bred buffalo cow and her son, a four year old hack bullock in the mob ; he f« llowod his mother as they will do sometimes. Ile was a regular pebble, and the old cow hadn't been in a ynrd since he was branded. She was the biggest tigress over I see ; that's sayin' something. Well, I see tho old "Roosiau paw the grouud now and then, and keep drawing towards the corporal aa was mardi in' up and down, samo as he was in Buckingham Palace. ¡ " I keep watching the old cow drawin' and «Irawin,' and pawin' and pawin'. Ile thought ehe might he a milker. Suddenly she gives a short j be'low, niakeB for the corporal at the rate of forty I miles an hour, followed by the black bullock;, and the mob behind him. " The first thing I saw was the corporal a ilyin' in the air one way, his musket another, and the cow, the black bullock and, the w..ole of the mob charging through the soldiers and the road gang. " ' Baas up, boys,' 1 roared, ' keep them going !' as we swept through the party ; soldiers running one way, the convicts, poor beggars, making their chains rettie again, in their anxiety to get safe away. There was such a time, i saw the young soldier-officer capsized on to one of his men. Such a sinaih I nisver see ; it was all down-hill luckily. Away we went at the tail of tho mob, galloping for our lives, and soon left red coats and yellow trousers, muskets aud leg-nons far behind us. Luckily the mob was too wild to break, and before sundown we were miles from the bottom of the hill, and had the cattlo safe inside of the rock wall camp, where we had a good feed and a night's sleep, both of which we wauted bad enough." " I'll be bound you did," assented the landlord, ¡ "it's a hard life, is a stockman's -out in all wea- thers, and risking your life, as one might say." "Lile?" jsaid the saturnine grizzled old land pirate, who had apparently relapsed into a diffe- rent train of thought; " what's a man's life in this country; leastways used to be. Here!" roared he, dashing his hand upon table .' bring in a bottle of brandy, Joe, and a kettle of wa*"er, and I'll tell you a yarn about old days, as '11 make your hair curl, unless this here gentleman's ashamed to drink with old Ike ?" 1 Mr. Neucliamp had by this period of the even- ing rnnde the discovery that he had invoked a ¡ fiend that he was unable to lay, aa the old stock- man glared at him with half-infuriate half-implo- ring eyes, while putting his last observation into , the form of a question, lie felt much inclined to ', defy and refuse his uncomfortable boon companion. I But having evaded the implied obligation to drink so far he thought it expedient to comply, partly for the novelty of the experience, partly | from his dislike,to a possible quarrel. " Ha !" said the strange old man, as he half I filled his tumbler with the powerful spirit, and ! stirred the heavy red glowing logs in the stone fireplace till they shot up a shower of sparks, and threw out a fleece heat like the mouth of a furnace ; "fine thing is afire! that put me in mind of it. liill iii), curse ye! Joe, ye old half-baked Jimmy. It was over on the Deryent side, afore I came here at all, that two chaps as did a good deal on the cross, that's how it was told me, was a skiunin' a bullock in a gully, as had only one end to it." "What do you mean by that?" inquired Mr. Neuchamp '. Surely-" "I moan," impatiently broke in the narrator, "as you could run stock in at one end, and if they got high up they found a wall of rock at the far end, and they couldn't well get back, it was so tarnation narrow. Now do you savey ? They, were the only coves as knew the secret of it in that part, and many a beast, and many a colt and filly, horses was horses then, they branded or put away there. Well, as I was saying, they wasn't two very particular chaps, and they was a-skinnin' of a bullock, having previously killed him ; there warn't no doubt of that, as the head was on the ground close by with a bullet hole not very far off the curl. Similarly it waa a 'cross" beast No mistake about that either The hide, three parts off, showed the RX brand ; one that belonged to IJ, one of the largest stockholders in the island, and a man who would prosecute any man as dared touch his property, to the gallows, if he could get him there. No hope of mercy from him. They had no right to take the bullock, of course it was felony, and now they were caught red-handed, by this chap- Pretty Jack-he waa the ugliest man iu the island, and he was going to turn informer He grinned when he came up. 'There's mv liberty,' says he, pointing to the beast, ' I'm sorry for you boys,' says he, 'hut every man for him- self.' The men looks at one another; then at him ; he had 'em inhis lrnnd ; they saw the court- house crauumed, aud heard the Judge pass the sentence, a heavy one of course, for a second colo- nial conviction. They heard the gaol door clang aa they were shut in for the long infernal yeara which'would bring'em nearly, if not quite to the end of a man's life. Some of this sort, these two chaps had tasted before ; they shuddered and trembled when they thought of it, and the man who was to do all this by his own willing inform i ing was their own friend aud fellow-prisoner ; an I accomplice too in a goudish lot of undiscovered crimes. Ile sat looking at the beast with a stupid grin on his ugly face. They looked at each other. Then one noan walked past him, on the track, and sto|iped. When ho sawthis man's eyes,andthe mur- der written there, he called out 'for God's sake don't ldli me mates ; it was all in joke, 1 never meant to inform on you.' But it was too late-they were too much afraid of thoir own lives to trust them to him ; besides their auger had been kindled ngainst Î the man who had been an accomplice, and was now an informer. ' All right, Jack,'called out one of the men, »help us to got oil' this hide.' He did so, nervously, and anxious to curry favour. The hide was soon stripped, and as they turned to make some joking remark, one of them struck him over the head with a heavy piece of wood. The wretched fool fell on his knees groaning bad enough. " ' Oh I my God-Charley,' said he, in his agony, ' what's this about you won't really hurt me ; for the love of God, for the sake of my wife and the young ones, pity mo ; I never meant it, God above knows.' '"Nonsense man,' said one of them, ' we ain't a I going to hurt ye; we're only a goin' to stitch ye up in this here hide a bit, to keep ye frorn gabbin' while we'ro putting this bullock away. Now lie still, or by-I'll poleaxeyou.' I "Ile laid quiet, thinking he would soon be let go, and while the men laced him up in the hide, making oye-let holes, and running thongs of hide through, which made it fit pretty CIOPO. Ile thought he might lie For a few hours and then tho people from the next place would find him, and let him go free. " The men cut up the bullock. They lighted a large fire and put the head, offal, and feet upon it; they packed part of it on a wheelbarrow. Then they hung a strong green-hide rope between the two trees above tho fire ; one said something to the other in a low growling tone ; he shook his head, but at last they came towards the bound up wretch ; he was not able to stir, in course, but it was pitiful-my God, so it was, to se© his eyes move like an animal's in a trap, as the men went up to him. "'For God's sake men, spare me,' he moaned out. " * Spare you ?' said the oldest of 'em ; ' spare a man who betrays his own pals, and sells his tellow men for a miserable tickot-of leave ; damn you!' he roared, ' your time's up, if you had a dozen lives. Hore Ike.' " Between them th«y raised him, and lifted him in their arms, hung him up by the rope actually across the roaring fire. The wet hide protected - him for a bit, butwhen the fire bogan to take effect his shrieks (thoy told me) was that horrid and un- natural that they had to stop their ears. "There they stopped till the shrieks died away in death, llow ho writhed and screamed, and prayed and cursed, and wept and struggled like a maniac. But the tough hide held through every thing, though he wrenched it as if he could break an iron band. It was a long while to watch the tongues of the flame dar<\- up as inside the black sheet still writhed a shuddering, howling form. It couldn't have been much like a man's at last. Then all the noise died away, and the bag hung steady and still." " And did the fiends who perpetrated this awful deed escape punishment ?" asked Ernest. "Well, I don't know about 'scaping punish mant,"said the ancient colonist, looking somewhat like one of Morgan's buccaneers, questioned as to ' the retribution, moral or otherwise, that followed the sack of Panama, " but they got clear off, and it was years afterwards that a half-burnt hide with a skeleton inside was found near the old camp." j "And did the principal criminal never suffer remorse?" still inquired Ernest, with horror in every tone; "are such men suffered by God to live ?" I At that moment the fire blazed up; a change wonderful and dread came over the face of the old stockman. Ile started up ; his eyeballs glared Uki those of a maniac; every muscle, every fea- ture was convulsed. " Who talks of murderers ? They! He? J did it. I, Bill Murdock, and the Devil. Ho was there ; I see him grinning by the fire now. Ha! ha! lean hear his screams, my I God, my.God ; as I've heard em every day since, ' I hear 'em now. I shall hear 'em in hell ! Look !" So speaking, with eyes protruding, with every facial nerve and muscle quivering with horror and unspeakable dread, he pointed towards the ' fireplacr, as one who sees the approach of a form, horrible, unavoidable, unearthly. Then gasping and shuddering, he fell piono and heavily to the floor, without an effort to save him.-elf. The landlord approached and loosened his hand- kerchief. " I'ts partly the grog,*' he whispered to Ernest, "nobody eau say how much brandy and how much truth's mixed up in this here yarn; but he's seen some rough work in his day, haB Ike-though I never see him like this betöre. Thank you, sir ; I can get him to bed now." Mr. Neucbanip promptly sought hie couch, deci- ding that he had come in for a much larger dose of the sensational element than he had counted upon, and doubting whether he should repeat the experiment. When he, awoke after a heavy but perturbed slumber, the sun was up, and his first question was of the welfare of th« strange old stockman. "Gone, hours ago, sir; he just slept till nigh hand daylight, and then he roused out his men, lets the cattle out of the yard, and off he goes." "And was he able fr> sit on his horse ?" was Mr. Neuchamp's very natural question, " after drink- ing a bottle of brandy, and having a fit ?" A.U£ C1» UWUbAt? WA k/JlVUUJ ) UUU .UlUVJU^ Ul **W * " A deal better nor we could, I expect, sir. He's ironbark right through, that old Ike. Takes a deal to kill the likes of him." "Apparently so," assented Ernest ; "what won- derful energy, what indomitable resolution must he possess. Used in a better cause, what results might such a man not have reached. "Tis pity of him,' as the Douglas said of Marmion, who in this century, instead of that in which Flodden was fought, might have adorned a colony too, if there had been any one to lay the information ' for that he did feloniously and unlawfully obtain the cus- tody of one young lady, &c;, &c.;,' anent that forged letter. Heigh ho, I don't feel quite as much i in the humour for walking to-day as I did yester- ' day still it's a case of Excelsior, I suppose. En I avant Neuchamp! St. Newbold inspire thy son and servant." 