Telegraphic REUTER'S TELEGRAMS TO ASSOCIATED PRESS. [BY SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.] ? England, THE EASTERN QUESTION. SINGAPORE, December 15. THE first sitting of the European Conference on the position of Eastern affairs, was held at Stamboul on December 12, General Ignatieff, the Russian Ambassador to the Porte, acting as President. On both sides, a conciliatory disposition was evinced, but proceedings are being conducted secretly. Continental. POLITICAL CRISIS IN FRANCE. SINGAPORE, December 15. The composition of the French Ministry has been remodelled by the accession of representatives of the Radical party. Jules Simon is now Premier and Minister of the Interior, and Martha Minister of Justice, but the other offices remain unchanged. Maryborough. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] December 15. THE Polynesian assault case on Mrs. M'Bride was concluded to-day. Both prisoners have been committed for trial at the next assizes. They have both made confessions, criminating others. A new steamer for the river trade will be launched to-morrow. Georgetown. |_raOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] December 15. The following are the latest crushing reports : Tons. Ozs. Pinnacle. 42 52 Colwell. 65 ... 64 Havelock . 32 s.. 35 Mount Hogan-. 30 ... 01 Havelock .... 39 39 Pine there ... 24 Mahoney.. '.. 7 3 4 Cumberland 340 ... 301 Enterprise . 2 .. 16 The escort, under charge of Inspector Islay, left on Wednesday for Townsville, with 1960 ounces gold. The weather is very hot, the thermometer having been 108° in the shade for several days past. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] December 15. Messrs. Mort and Co. report That there was a full attendance of buyers at our wool sales this week. Our catalogue comprised 2800 bales, and prices realised ranged from 14d. to 19d. for inferior to good fleece, and 7d. tolled, for greasy. No superior lots of fleece were catalogued. Last night, in the Legislative Assembly, the resolution moved by Mr. Buchanan, condemning the Imperial Government for the policy observed in regard to the Eastern question, was negatived by a large majority. The Government are taking advantage of the recent depression in the iron market at home and have purchased 20,000 tons of steel rails and 5000 tons of iron rails. The Border Convention with South Australia was finally concluded by our Government to-day, the former paying ¡£35,000 instead of £13,500 previously paid. The Brisbane, s., from Hongkong, is likely to remain in quarantine for some time. The passengers and all persons who had direct communication with the crew are also in quarantine. The heat to-day was excessive. At Walgett it registered 120 in the sun, and 1156 in the shade. The grass burnt up, and rain is much wanted. Mr. Buchanan has given notice of motion censuring his Excellency the Governor for his recent protracted absence from the colony, without appointing the Lieutenant-Governor to act in his place. A telegram from Parkes reports the heat 130 in the sun, and 116 in the shade. At Bourke the thermometer to-day was 1429 in the sun, and 114° in the shade. Arrived : City of Brisbane and James Paterson, steamers, and Famenoth, ship, from Brisbane. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS December 15. The Legislative Council have passed the per- missive clauses in the Publicans Bill. Colonel Sir W. F. Jervoise, R.E., is the officer mentioned as likely to visit the colonies to report on the defences. Commodore Hoskins, in a memorandum on the defences of the port, recommends a second turret ship for the outer harbor, and also a supply of the Whitehead torpedoes to be purchased. Sullivan, the New Zealand murderer, is still in the colony. The heat to-day was the highest registered for the last eighteen years, being 110° in the shade. Several cases of sunstroke are reported to-day. Adelaide. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] December 15. The thermometer to-day reached 114° in the shade. On only three previous occasions hits the heat been greater. THE Right Rev. Bishop Hale will preach at St. John's Church at eleven o'clock to-morrow. INTELLIGENCE has been received at the Mines Office that the escort left Ravenswood yesterday for Townsville via Charters Towers, with 1496 ozs. of gold, and £235 in cash. THE schools under the Department of Public Instruction broke up yesterday for a vacation of five weeks. Work will consequently be resumed on Monday, January 22. THE adjourned annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Blue Mountain Tin Mining Company will be held in the company's office Adelaide-street, on Thursday next. "A FAMILY Man " can't find out what charges Mr. Tavares intends making for admission of children to his Boxing Day festivities at Bowen Park. five children to be excluded, or are they to he charged as much as adults? VERY little has been done in the way of substantial building improvements in Elizabeth-street since before the crisis of 1866, when the houses known as Brookes' Buildings were put up, soon after to rank amongst the most notable examples of financial collapse. Since then, the architectural progress of Elizabeth-street has been very slow, and the most important step taken in advance has been the completion of the handsome premises of Mr. J. W. Forth, next M'Lennan's Livery stables, and which are now open for business, Elizabeth street ought to be for wholesale trades of various kinds one of the best streets in the city and we hope soon to see the many ugly gap? in it filled up with respectable buildings, THE Queensland Theatre re-opens this evening, and the bill comprises a three- act comedy entitled " The Husband of my Heart, and a farce called " A Ghost in spite of Himself." Two cases of sunstroke occurred yesterday at the Commercial wharf shortly before one o'clock. The most serious one was to a man named McGowan, a seaman on board the steamer Tambaroora, who was attended to by Drs. Bancroft and Andrews and afterwards removed to the hospital. The other case was that of a man named M'Donnell, who after receiving some attention got all right. During this very hot weather perhaps it would be as well to remind persons working in exposed situations that a few gum leaves or banana leaves placed inside the hat will do a great deal towards keeping the head cool and would in all probability prevent many of these cases of sunstroke which are beginning to assume such proportions. At all events the experiment is one well worth trying as it is used by stockmen and others in the bush whose business takes them into the sun much. ON Thursday evening last a man named Peter Gargan, an able seaman belonging to the Tambaroora, while going on board his vessel, at the Commercial wharf, in company with another man who was till recently employed as cook on board, fell through the "man trap for it is very little better, situated between the Commercial wharf and the Government wharf. It seems from what we can learn that Gargan, just before he came to the place, turned round and said to his companion, " Mind your footing here," or words to that effect, and just as he spoke fell through the hole, and was not seen to rise again. Both men, we understand, were perfectly sober at the time, which makes the case infinitely worse, as if such a thing could happen to a sober man what would be the result if, as is frequently the case, two or three drunken sailors were to pass along it at night. As is usual also, we are informed that yesterday some men were very busily engaged putting up a railing on the Government wharf, which, of course, has no effect on the gap, except in the case of persons coming along from the direction of the Gasworks. A great deal of trouble has been taken to enforce a law relating to ships having proper gangways, but it would almost seem as if that trouble might be spared while such a thing as this gap is allowed to remain open and unprotected. The neglect is not merely disgraceful, it is criminal, and, if justice were done, would be punished most rigorously. IN Chambers yesterday, before his Honor Mr. Justice Lilley, in the case of Hughes and Snow- don, Mr. Beor, instructed by Mr. Thynne, appeared to show cause why an order III to issue a care should not be discharged. The Attorney- General, instructed by Messrs. Daly and Abbott, appeared in support of the summons. Summons dismissed, with costs. In the matter of proceedings by arrangement or composition of Messrs. Fryar and Strachan, action was restrained by consent on payment of coats. Waugh King, of Gympie, storekeeper, was adjudged insolvent on his own petition ; first meeting, January 2, 1877; statement, December 30, 1876; W. H. Miskin, official trustee. In the matter of J. and G. Harris, insolvents, the 7th of February, 1877 was fixed as the date for the last examination before the court of each of the insolvents respectively. In the matter of the application to fix the date of the last examination of Charles Baker, an insolvent, it was ordered to be taken on February 7 before the court. Robert Williams, laborer, Brisbane, was adjudged insolvent in forma pa spends on his own petition; first sitting, December 27 ; statement, December 20 ; W. H. Miskin, official trustee On Thursday last, in the insolvent estate of Henry JosephTaudevin, of South Brisbane, Mr. Porter, from Mr. May's office, applied for a certificate of discharge. No order was made. On the same day A. R. Wettenhall, P.M., Goondiwindi, was appointed a commissioner for affidavits. Tile civil sittings of the Southern District Court will probably be finished to-day. The criminal sittings commence on Monday next. The following is a list of the committals Charles Eastwood, receiving a stolen steer ; Michael Irwin, larceny of a horse ; Peter Buchbach, malicious killing of a bull. AT about seven o'clock on Monday morning last Michael Downey, a carter well known on the Monkland, went with his brother-in-law, W. M'Grath to bathe in the river near the Inglewood Pocket. At this part the water is shallow on the eastern side, but deepens abruptly near the west bank. Neither of the men could swim, and M'Grath, after remaining a few minutes in the water called to Downey, and getting out proceeded to dress. He had put on his clothes and was lacing his boots, when on looking round he suddenly lost sight of his companion. He immediately waded into the water, and made for the spot where Downey was last seen; not finding him he raised a cry for help, which attracted the notice of Messrs. Scott and Whelan, who endeavored unsuccessfully to recover the body. A blackfellow shortly after arrived, and on diving at once brought deceased to the surface after he had been under water about twenty minutes. Gympie Times. REMARKING upon the resentment manifested towards the Opposition by the Maryborough people since the refusal of their railway to Gympie, The Rockhampton Bulletin says We believe the Opposition were not only justified in voting against the Maryborough-Gympie Railway, but would have committed a breach of public trust had they assented to it. A trunk line it can never be, and our decided conviction is that the colony cannot afford to spend over £0000 a-mile on branch railways. We feel equally convinced that such lines equal to all prospective traffic might be constructed at one-half that cost. And this opinion is not founded upon the vagaries and speculations of amateur engineers. Our authority, in fact, is Mr. Robert Ballard, chief engineer of the Northern Railway. He, if called upon, will make a Maryborough and Gympie line at £3000 per mile. Several members of the Opposition were aware of that fact and with that knowledge they would have evinced criminal recklessness in voting for the Government proposal." The half-yearly meeting of the Colonial Mutual 1 life Assurance Society was held on Thursday afternoon, November 30, at their principal office, Collins- street west, Melbourne, the vice-president of the society, his Honor Judge Pohlman, occupying the chair. The report which was submitted to the meeting exhibited in a most gratifying manner the progress of the society during the half-year embraced in it. During this term no fewer than 1522 proposals were received, for £3S0,ti32, of which 1023 were completed und policies issued assuring £254,810, making an addition to the annual income of £9033 12s. 8d., which income from premiums alone now exceed-, £22,000. There had been during the half-year five deaths, the claims on account of which were all promptly settled within a few days of proof. During the three months to date, 020 policies have been issued, assuring £101,500, so that the aggregate business for the first eight months of the year embraces 1337 policies, assuring the sum of £338,000. The hon. James F. Burns, M.L.A., Postmaster General of New South Wales, was elected a member of the board for that colony. The above society has numerous branches in Queensland, where much of its business is done, their prompt settlement (without vexatious delay or any deductions of all claims being a special feature that recommends itself to every class of assurers, and one that tends to keep their constituency over on the increase.] 