ESCAPE OF FENIANS FROM SWAN HILL. ' ••...: ?r»r- As our readers have been previously apprised, six persons escaped from Freemantle, Western Australia, on the 18th April, and were taken away from the colony in an American vessel, the captain of which refused to give them up to the colonial government steamer when required. It turns out that the persons were Fenian prisoners, their names being Robert Cranston, Michael Harrington, ThbinaB Darragh", James Wilson, Thomas flasset, and Martin Hogan. It is pretty clear, according to the Freemantle Herald, that-the-eseape, which caused so much excitement, was the result of a long-considered and well-matured plan of operations... Some five months back a passenger named Collins arrived at Freemantle by the ' Georgette,' from Albany, and took up his abode -at - the principal hotel, where he remained, preserving an impenetrable incognito, and observing ' the -closest-'reticence in his intercourse with strangers. His singular reserve and absence of occupation attracted at-, tention towards him, but "his pleasant, gentlemanly, and unobtniBive manners precluded all' suspicion of his being concerned in any'-plan for the violation of the law. It was generally assumed by those who came in contact with him, that he was visiting the colony with & view to investigating in some of7>ttr industries; or as. a mere traveller, and no watchwais kgpt 'upon his actions. It is now quite evident that he was the principal agent in arranguig the plan of escape so successfully carried out. . Some time after the, arrival of this Mr. Collins, a Mr.' Jbneff time to'' the colony,- and, took up hia abode in Freemantle where he Kved without any ostensible means of Bupport, : and* apparently without 1 anything particular to occupy his time-or-attention. He was occasionally-seen ihcompany..with Collins, but their meetings were not-eo frequent or their intimacy so close as to a<#ac(; notke,^although it is certain now, beyond a doubt, that they" were confederates, secretly organising a plan for,the escape of the Fenian prisoner?, .; Two other men named Johnson and Taylor, who recently "arrived in the 'colony, ^rere also concerned in carrying out the escape of these Fenians, as all four accompanied; the prisonera to Rockingham, and embarked with them in the whale-boat. While the Oatalpa -was lying at Bunbuiy, Collins made*®--visit to that town, and shortly after his ; return the master of the Catalpa — Captain Anthony, visited Freemantle, under' the pretenoe of obtaining charts of the coast. but really to inspect the proposed place of embarkation, and complete arrangements. Collins.had.,also been noticed, about the same time, boating in the South Passage, between Cape Peiron and the south end of Garden Island, the very passage through which the whale boat, with Collins, his 'threp companions, and the six prisoners u on board, pulled to the ship in the offing when the escape was effected. The Catapla left Bunbury, on Saturday the 15th, and Easter Monday, the. il7th, 'was the day fixed for the escape—probably, because of the Perth regatta, at which it was assumei the Water police would be present, and isoin the event of detection, chase at sea could not be-readily given. It was also holiday, and attention was less likely to be attracted by, anything usuBual.. The. time and place of rendezvous, having been by some, as yet undiscovered means, communicated to the prisoners, they were collected together as described in another place, and then taken up somewhere on the Rockingham Road, jiee^it is supposed—to Mr. Albert's Blau^b»4fbuse, by Collins and his confederates^who, were provided with vehicles, arms and'ammunition, and changes of clothing for the prisoners. On the Saturday previous, CollinB , had hired, for the Sunday and Monday, a four wbeeled buggy and two horaes from Mr. Albert, and on Monday, the man Johnson had hired ^ four-wheeled carriage and two horses from Mr. Summers of Perth. Jones borrowed Mr. Molloney'B saddle horse to visit the regatta, and the other man hired a single horse and two- wheeled trap from Mr. M'Ardle of Perth. In these vehicles the prisoners were conveyed to Rockingham. The !Whole thing'was arranged and carried outwith the most consummate skill and caution.; and not a shadow'of erispioion of what was going on ;«ver occurred to any . one until the prisoners were missed. In connection with fflilflescape, the following paragraph from the Manchester Courier, of the 5th of Fehrnaiy last,, will Hot be uninteresting :—' The Amerioan Fenian Convention in New York, ph Saturday night unanimously declared that the Fenian system of organisation is the beBt calculated-to advance the Irish cause; that the .continued-existence ofthe'Feriian brotherhood is indispensable totlie ltiBh.cause that' fKe Fenian organization in America, can onlyieavelreWd effectually/when; ' in'coHjpetation "with-the revolutionaiy 1 -' parte m Ireland,'aiid'' that • syps <sho'riM' be takett" to secure jttie Release of< the Irish political prisoners still confined in British dungeons."— ::':., ! ;••.. . ==5j ... L t.,',.' ;; iSpHBifollpvring.eeleottons.waS takenup atthe. Tppiutf LandToffice on the 8th inst. :—J> E. Clay ton, \j42% Wondalga .;• E. J. Woolridge," "DsiTE op "Me 1 . liAxbLiw, Yabs.—Tass, Moti'd&y; ^Ijti^homaB'iaidl&w;'/^JIsj./'ir.^,-,' l^fe'infSde&t;'ifafl'* most'esiimable ^itiz6'n-;df : Yass, died thig.(Mdnday)'evening at his resi- dence about 7 o'clock.— The Railway.—The goods-shed at the Yass station is finished, with the exception' of hanging Ujer &4413,} > 1 Mr: jHorn! is" also, making: fra progress yrith th,e ..station master's house. On Saturdays-Messrs. 1 Ainbs and <J6.' took about thirty trucks with "ballast along the line.— aCWModgingi '-ija Prince-street. . At about mz ' •o , cl6«k T 4iie'J wfent ihto the- room where tea -was l&idltmt;/andjust; before the inmateasatdown hi 60weil /thejbread-knife and cut his ihrpat ; the wound was not immediately fatal,' but ;he •died,,in ;;abquttwo . .hours. afterwarfs.— "Mm^kisr"Caimf .CotPEE Mine.A cot-* rfesjiettaetit writes 'fbllo ws— 1 A valuable dis- •coVeiy Majust 'be eft ' made at the"• Millburn CWeik Stopper Miner. A lode of rich black bre wasfidisclosed between^ six and sevenJeet wide at a depth of fifty feet. The company is now sending sixty tons of ore to the floors each week. Two furnaces are at work and a third to be lighted in a fortnight.—E Thej following selections mere taken up'at the Gundagai Land-office on 8th inst:—Mary Anne White,; 320a, Merribindinyah.'; Stephen White, 320a, Merribindinyah ; Francis White, 540a, Cooney ; Peter Birmingham, 100a, Cowcumbla ; Joshua Biishell, sen., 100a, Nangus; Johfat Sedley Futte'r, 140a, Coohey4 Olivier John, GQo, Jindalee ; Richard Franks, 64Qa, Cunningham j Elizabeth Franks, 640a, Cunningham ;. Patrick Callan, 160a, Cooney ; ihomas, Brough'ton, '200a, North Gundagai ; Samuei : kfllingdey, lOQa, Cunningham. - GREAT -complaints have been made by the public in •consequence of ;the unnecessary detention ofAhe mails between Albury and Gundagaiil At some of the small country towns there is,a stoppage of the mails of over,thirty minutes, w.hep,.;three minutes would suffice -if a proper system we're carried out. According to the. present method there are . four hours lost between Gunning aiid'Albury through the keeping • ofthe- TnaU-bags by small roadside postoffices, and this delay is caused either in reading the late news', talking, or some other unnecessary impediment. Upon the railway, the guard gives out : fr-bag, ^and receives one in return. Why rcarinot ithis be' adopted upon the.'road, ifietead; of . ' thef present nefarious system.— A-Bailway Gate Smashed.—When the train was leaving Goulburn for Gunning !ori Thursday nigtit tift^lgine came, into contact with the pair ot/iron 'gates at the Sloane-street crossing pear Mrs.: Phillips's house.- One gate was smashed," the other 'swung free and was but little damaged. It^wpul^'S'eem thatthe gatekeeper- had omitted' tg^ppnt^m. as usual ;-,;hence the accident. This pau^pg^tes^ff of. iron and are the lightest and neatesl in the.neighbourhood. The damage done is .about £25 'ta l£3p r,,.The gate-keeper isr*n obligihg and attentive hian; but has Very 16ng hWirs/and it is supposed was asleep at the time. GoboNdry ft0sH. i—We have received a letter frpfll Mr,: Ji.Oqweh rppecting the -above rush, or ' swindle' as he calls it. flemakes some-severe, stat¥®entji_about -the parties concerned, which, aa" :we have ,'np means of verifying, \ve cannot, publish. ' He says, among other things : 'land jAy*'init'es'^all/olA diggers, visited the so called gblE-fiMdj'and^saAk numerous shafts, in soine'we * got a very fine color r in others not the ghost of a colour. ^We spent four days there with the like ] results.! n I have been a digger from the eyliey, date,ofXjalifomia, Victoria, :New: South Wales, NawJZealand,: and lastly two-years on the Pal^rj, ffpm .which latter place I have only lately ^torii^,' jaiid i £rom appeariances it is my opimdn"fhat'i3ie'Crobondr^ gold-field' will never be a payable one.—W 'itk (Eo^ftiNATE EfiOAPR.—During the : hearing of the mining '"<aae ^ of Carroll • and party v. Farrellsarid-pafty'.of 1 the Wapping Butcher Lead, in the,Warden'8 Coupt last week, a la.rge worked, out'TOVtfbn of'Jihe defendant's claim settled down' bodily' from the' slirfape on t° the MtfoftJ^bSribg kn'area of about ^fty-f^tet'by fi1xty'f6et,"^oto|)letely burying all the tb6ls, ; &c.;, Ufld&rneathj; and tBQ. i damaging the shaft! that: a new one has to be sunk. A few* days previous the ,p»cti& interested and ; Mr.. Surveyor Phillips were engaged ir£surveying the underground: lines in dispfibe,; little thuiking that the hundreds of thousands iot • tons of ear*h that were then auBpenaed above them would goon fill, the vacuumm which they were standing— DB^CEpgiipN£• of •. Sheep bf / Dogs. -Flockmasters near'the diggings'' are" continually pester^d.ibyJfceirayAg&siof;, tame dogs amongst their; flocks, and the repeated losses occasioned thereby_f are felt to be, a, .v.ery serious nuisance and one that the authorities 1 'should ' take ptttmpt mea- sures in abja.ting.j -During the,early- part; of the week Mr.^Smltft, bf Warrigal, lost"twenty-two valuable sheep iii 6iie night. The invaders are generally httfigry [kangaroo dogs;-: who • appear to be kept ^th^r.purpose,,th^n : ,tQ;:annoy people, and to afford their half-sporting, halfworking mastersj-'ⅈ'occasionaltun in the bush. Mr.-^om,'of ' Bartley's Crabk, also inf6tins us that'from'the Same ca'uso hb lost' : eorae" yaluabje ranis'," aild wU put to" considerable, cost in re- p ) i.AME^KAN GaXiIOO.—Considerable interest has: been -«r0ated> amongst warehousemen and the soft goods- trade -generallyUn Melbourne (says the Argus) L by. ..the arrival to the consignment of Messi& King and Parsons, of a shipment of American calico,-the fifst of the kind whldli has eVer been reoeived in Melbourne. 11 A trial shipmentnofiithe same;description created' much excitement : in London on -its arrival there, in Sv^onsequenoe ^«f - its incomparable : 'finish and itB imjuLliil]'; ovSr 'all English-made calico,.even the Wmttti'farliedHorrock's make' being' compl^tfely ! -^iV : iii J the' shttde by it. Its. perfect finish, purity of bleach, and freeness frora dress places 'it '^t once in a far higher position in the infirket 1 than kny which has ever been seieh before, ;V It h'a8,mbre6yer the additional merit,of b^ing' a^ penny pet' yard cheaper than the best JSitgli&jB;&M;,yet-span here. - i'AriroMFXED Bank Bobbeey and Gallant Defence."—The ^town of Blaney was thrown info& stttteof int6n»d >excitemont on Saturday evening last on learning that an audacious attempt^h^ been made to rob the Commercial M^in^lift'tMitu '"jSLbout'do'clock, while the thti bank Was standing near the fire, h'eT£6ttr$l4h& Ypotstbps of a man coming rapidly tftfouWh' the 'bofiBcS,' with h'is face blackened, and .armed with a pistol or 'revolver, which the Ruffian'presetited at'Mr. Burt's head, ordering him rtoifltand. -Instead of obeying, he dashed, regardless , of feeing shot, into his bedroom, sffi^dliii royoiv6r, and rushed at the would-be rovberj 'or^rjng him bock, The only response was a shot from the audacious ^assailant, which the manager instantly returned, following it up with a second shot. The dastardly scoundrel, finding the place getting too hot for him, turned and fled..-Mr.^Burt^hought the man had accomplices outsidei "and' so prepared for a second encounter, '.but whether:Jthere were or not, -the.intrepid : manager, whose pluck saved the money' in the. batik, wafe Hot' further.mb-, tested.'. It is^suppoBed that thfe ruffian, who escaped, was ' hit by : 6ne ; of the shots. Toomuch praise 6annot4)a.given td Mr. Burt,, who, by his galIant con.duct,: hasiiot ,ohly savfcd the bank from being robbedj ; but . has set'sucha noble example of :courageand tact as fill stimulate others to^sct U!kewispj. 'and.Si^jer,.other ruffians fronj entering' on^ auph' a , hazardous game.—W n (Dleveb .Capipee of Two StrpposED OArrtE- STEALERBi-iAl ..." bold tofl" clever capture of two men, against whom warrants ihave. been issued fpjVicattle-stealing, was made last pight by Constables King and .Townsgnd. The men in pid question are brothers,,, pamed -Eoger and Michael' Sheedy, the warrant .for their airest having, been issued by the Binalong Bench. ' It' appears that" Constable: ..King,' "who' was some time stationed iat Binaldng,kne w both well, and last night from, -We ^presume,information rei-! ceived,' proceeded in search of ^hem'.ltet evening, accompanied by CoBstableaTowoaend-. - • Wtsn about. midway between Alfred TEpwjojajad .Wag;ga a man 'passed' "the. constables in thp .bush., Constable King rodo'^oyer to him, jand immediately recognised htm to be Michael Sheedy, oho. of the men ' wanted/ hb Arrested him and lodged him in the lodkupv-^after-which both constables' returned: to the same place,' in hope* of-finding the other. 'Xh hia they were n6t disappointed, as very near the^ame spet. they met another. man,, whom.King ^dressed. Immediately upon'hearing' ilie constables voice, the man, who -was riding a' "very 'fitje horse, ptit spurs ti> tbe animal, -arid pipped offi 1 Quibk as the action was, it was not Sufficiently so to prevent King recognising the rider as Roger Sheedy. - Both' constables gave cha?e, and with the viewof bringing to ' the man, fired their revolvers towards, but . npt ,directly_ at him. This however was ineffectual, and it was hot until after a chase of about a mile and a half that .he was caught.'' He was then'arrested, saying, in explanation of his flight, that he would sooner have been shot than taken. He wis subsequently safely lodged in the lockup, and both then will be brought before the Bench this morning, The capture reflects great credit upon both constables engaged in it, .and it is, a fortunate thing, that the-night,, which was bright moonlight, should "have been so favourable ;, otherwise both jnen would, doubtless, have escaped ' observation 'in 'thefitst instance.— Encodnteb ; with a Kangaroo.—A correpondent writing from'Staffordshire Flat, sends to the M'Jvor Times the following account of a encounter, hp had.with, a "kangaroo":—'.As I and my little dog Toby were co'm'ing from work on the evening of Wednesday last, 17th May, he being a little in advance of me, I. heard him give two or three barks, and, on looking in the" direction from where the sound.came,: I saw something, pretty large hopping, and jumping round about, and as my mates had seen a large kangaroo as they Were going to, work on the morning previous it struck me 'that it might be his' lordship, and- 'him it was. safe -enough, and such a boomer. As I had no weapon of any- ^t) about pie, I didTnot like to engage with him I thought he was top many for me, but I could not get my dog4o come away from' him, bo I must pfepa^e' for War. ' I got an old branch iof a tree, the only thing availably at the time, po I went np a little closer to the scene of strife, and Toby took .fresh courage. Jini-went »ghtnt aim'.. .Butno.sooher .had, he done.sp. than life was laid flat on the sward, and the '' old man " bent-over him and lifted hini up in hjs^rms, the feame as a' mother would lift her child from the {»round. As soon' as he got'him up in his arms he was for'making tracks, and as I had never seen any such performance before I was struck comical. But, seeing him going off with my poor little dog Toby in his arms, my " paddy " got up. I after him, and made a lunge at. him with my stick, and it broke in my hands. As soon as I did so he dropped the dog and turned on me. Having no weapon I had to take legbail,. but not far, only a few steps, when his paws had me by the back lining of , my yest, which fortunately tore, and at the same .time Toby came up, then he tackled oh to him. ' I again got my stick, and while they were at it I gave him a " clout " on the back,wbich Brought him to the ground. He was no sooner down {than the dog. had him by, the throat; but he got up again, and the dog still holding, on he made for me again, but I was ready for him this time, so-I got one " jolly lifter " on his forehead which brought him to' mother earth, and Toby kept his hold till he was defunct. ; I went and got a wheelbarrow' and help, brought him to Mrs. Palmer's store, and. had him measured next morning—seven feet-ten inches ifroriijtipto tip. ' . _ .' . " ! 1 The Mowing story is published in an English provincial' 'paper:—'' Ah extraordinary scene occurred in a ohurchyardat Dore, near Sheffield The son of a labourer named Sanderson died, and . as the child -had been .baptized at a Primitive Metliodist chapel, the Rev f ; J. T. F. Aldred vicar, refused to inter .the body in the churchyard, 3 but gave leave to/the parents to plaice it ,In a - grave ; without the burial service being rekd over .it. They communicated with the Rev. W. Whitby, sUperintendant of the Sheffield circuit of, their denomination, and.it, was arranged that interment should! .ta^e, place, Mr. Whitbjr, to stahd.'in the road nw the churchyard, find' read a' buriail service/ <T1» bddy was iakbn'to^the PAmitive Methodist Chapel/where a portion- of the Burial^Service was read. - • On arriwngat the churchyard the mourners were surprised tb see ' a clergyman ;in ithe.pathway,,and to hear, him read the- BurialjtService.' Mr.", Whitby remoh-j^ Btratsd" iwith 'Min,' and protested' "agaihiBt; thq' Church bf ; lEngland n Burial Servife'ie being reac^' wheri jthe vicat" had irefiiSed to-read it; Thn clergyman, the. Bev. E. t3. Ghalmers; of Sharrow replied that the body should not be alio wed: to pnter. .the < churchyard . unless .the Church of E^glaind service WMread'oybrit/ Whilst tips was going on the m ; other bf the child fainted. Evbntually Mr. Whitby retired, and Mr. Chalmers read the service. . The Primitive Methodists of the,districtintendto communicate with the Bishop of Lichfield.' , Don Carlos at Woolwich Arsenal:—'The unsuccessful claimant .'of "the , Spanish - Tyrone haVing obtained 'special pprmieaion tt> Visit the Royal 'Arsenal drove to 'Woolwich on March 28th. The viait had been previously notified to tho heads ofthe departments, . but in plape : of the official reception usually, recorded to distinguished foreigners,* 'anything like formal honours or particular attentions which might have been misconstrued' into b recognition of Don Carlos's royal pretentions avere studiously avoided. . When the two .open carriages whioh conveyed him and. his suite reached the Arsenal gates, the party, were received simply by the police inspector on duty, precisely as ordinary visitors, and'they stood for a minute or so evidently at a loss as to what they Bhould do. Colonel Younghusband, superintendent of the Royal Gun Factpries, appearedj dreased in plain clothes, and taking charge of Don .parlos and Mb friends, escorted them through a portion of the Arsenal. They went through the gun turneries, sighting-room, boring-mills, and other workshops and model-room ; the Spaniards, and their chief especially, taking evident interest in all they saw. Haying expressed a desire to see the 81-ton gun, with the character of, which he Dop Garlog was taken by a locomotive : to the proof butts."' The great gun was not seed at its best, for it had been "shunted on to a siding oUt of the way of ' other experiments/and Don Carlos did not see it fired. After lunching at 'the mess-room of the . 77th • Regiment,' ..the visitors ' inspected the Royal: Carriage;Department, where the new field.artillery equipment and the litters and ambulances; for the wonnded were the special objects,of at* tention: In attendance'upon Don CarloB we^e General the Marquis de'Velasco, General Bbet',' Viscount Mohserratj "Viscount D'Orbes, Marquis Ponce de Leon, and others. Evening. ? Telegram to .Souther Argue. r_ •. . _?•'.. • ; J&ythesi;&irgvs.; .;.'.-..-. 8\. M. 2&/aW.,'. . . ' ' , '. ...".,*, V . vening Nvm. Gundbgfl}^ "Timet. . Herald. • ellington Qaeette. Par Ices Gazette. L:.- j ' , eston't&i;^tiinei;^ - ' W. W. Eafpress. . ; u.' 