AMONG THE SHARKS. I I?- I -9 No Londoner needs to be told how the growth of great cities, year by year, drives further and further the denizens of flood and field, and lengthens the distance to be travelled by the sportsman or he reaches the ground. There are men now living who have shot snipe in Belgravia; and I can no self remember when there was good angling at Putney Budge, and occasionally even at Battersea The growth of i-vclni)'has not been portentously rapid, like that of our? Baby iii the Great," cut has been sufficient to produce similar changes, though on a smaller scale. the suburban clubs have forgotten the flavor of quail, and he would be a sanguine sportsman indeed who should now walk out towards Botany in October, hoping to bring in a tin ore or four couple of snipe, as he might have done when I first I knew the ground. I ha destruction of five by the seine, which at one time had rendered the line almost useless within the Heads, has indeed been arrested by judicious legislation; and during the last three or four years a good hand, on a favourable day, has been able to secure, in the bird for, a handsome busked, or rather hamper-of fish without the aid of a " silver in ok." But still the line fishing is far inferior to what it was when I first cast angle in the Sydney water, mr attention divided between the varied beauties of that glorious bay, and the finny shapes, beaten h'BS varied in their beauty, which ever and anon emerged from its teeming depths. Many a time have I rise with the earliest drawn, and paddled forth from the Not In Shore in time to sec the first flush of sunrise steal up the harbour', kindling isle after sale, headland after hold and, throwing each rocky cove and inlet into deep blue shadow, and scattering the grey stillneSM before the majestic ad vance of light and colour. TVVÜO<* thioiihouiavuflici'ii then to supply an average household with fish for us many days, without going out of sight of GiiVQimce'il Hou-.-. and I used to return his; laces to breakfast, when the first puff of the Boa bioMobosran to make the mirror-like su race of the bay Things are changed since that time, and not for the better. It was not, however, to Sydney II harbour' itself that I chiefly referred when I spoke of water uncover died by the growth of a neighbouring town. I had another boy iii my thoughts, butter known by more than even Port Jackson, and often confounded with it. Well do I remember my first visit to Botany Bay, towards the end of 1858; till) delicious drive thither in the early dawn, past flower gardens, and bush yet fuller of bloom-the triumphant return by moonlight with a weight of picked fish enough to see the cabman grumbling. My companion was English, like myself, but had long been a colonial celebrity, not only in law and politics, but in every d -variant of spen t. it could work harder or more effectively ; form could occupy their leisure with more varied energy or enjoy it with greater zest. Many a day's sport and we say you together in the old country; now his familiar face alone Roomed to link the present with the past All else was strange around me and in we neared the unknown fishing L'rouutls I felt, as a New Chum, right glad to be under the direction of a veteran who know every nook of the hay every trick of the breeze on that gusty shore. How the day went with us the reader will gather from the following dialogue : New Chum " Well, this is capitally managed , not 7 o'clock yet, breakfast over, and I suppose only a few hundred yards of this natural flower-garden between us and our boat " Veteran "Ayo, we can't step for the flowers now Yonder she lies, just where that Being ditch joins the bay The tale is well up, or it would h i a tight fit, even now we had better lose no time Now, then, Barker, look alive thorax The missus all rights that g well Mind your eye, shaver, e match that basket, hind the progress and that bag of Ucklo along Juuio in, F There all aboard ' push her off ' we can talk it over as we go his end of the bay is gradually silting up, and we have full two miles to row before we can cry any g tod I suppose, Barker, we may as well begin with the flathead ç ' Boiitmun ' Yes, guv me, there's precious little breeze for a drift, but the club will be well on by the time we report the jetty, and then we shall move fast enough for a sign ?ng like this with a warm sun and the water like du the flathead will draw after the boat " New Chum ' What manner of beast is your flathead, D and what do you recommend in the way of cattle ' Veteran He is hungrily wretch enough like the father of all bulkheads, very broad at the he is, filling in behind the girls, and thence tapering rapidly to a stiff, h ltd tail He has a huge ninth, with gill-covers that cut like a razor, indeed, when he sets up his horses he is bad to hat die any where As for tackle, you needn't be particular, you have a fine schnapper line There that will do very well I like a book about the ordinary Salmon sue, but he can beat any thing , only take care the line just above the hook be such us he cannot t bite through Here are' half-a dozen, on fine whipcord twisted, and sometimes, when the larger fish take well, I treat them to two strands of brass wire that hiker will do to begin with should we come to dust fast you want a heavier Keep the lead just running on the ground, and strike smartly when you feel the second tug, or rug,' as they say on the Tai " New Chum . " Is he good for anything when caught ? " Veteran "' Sorter jet, sorter no ' All depends on the of ending ground Sometimes he is off the mud, muddy Caught on the pure white sand of Botany, fit for the main f picture of the finest glass, he is an excellent fish, well (flavoured, and firm almost to hardness, so as to be better for a days keeping If you go in for luxury, hives dish of the hard roos friend like croquettes;., when the Uah are heavy in spawn Look alive with the bait, Barker ' we must be near our ground Give me a lump of mullock before it gets too soft Buatui in : " Wait a bit, guv'nor, till we are well off the point That gentleman can try the inshore drift. Now let's go " Veteran : " I had a touch, then Try again, friend. I have him, now, and he pulls like a boomer. Bah ! a rose-ally fiddler. Another bait, Barker " New Chum : "I think I ve a fish, now. Yes (jerks furiously), hero he is, fast enough; but he doesn't pull like your fiddler " Veteran : " A flathead, I see ; haul him in quick, and mind your fingers " New Chum : '. Now, sir, come aboard. Oh, you ugly villain, what a mouth! Why, confound the fish, he's swallowed it down to his tail. How shall I ever clear my hook?" Vefeion: " Cut it off, and band on another closer to the sinker, ten inches is quite tar on mash. You had so much slack below thread tim I your fish had billed the bait before you felt him Ah, I have another now, and in he comes! You see- he was hooked in the in south, and uno being against the thwart has brought the hook out, bait and all. Don t h indies him, F. New Chum- '. Wise warning, but too late. Deuce take his spine He might as well be some Egyptian porcupine.'" Veteran- "You are well out of it. I have had my digits horribly slashed by their gill covers. Suck your fingers well, and that slight puncture from the back fin will be all right in ten minutes Had it been the spine of a codfish, now, or, worse still, of a black travally, you would have felt the poison f jr boura, possibly for days. Both fish as and he known and avoided. New Chum "I suppose the stingrays tail is the most venomous of all" "vermin. "So they say. The effect certainly are at times vi iv sent us, but I am not surgeon enough to say how for they may be due at the form of the weapon - ae.oar->e amical point with a rough surface A rats') from a horn dagger of tin Mine sin w w and De a serious in water, from the extensive laceration of the nerves, and from the unwillingness of the big xi to flow out of a contused, punctured wound On some p arts of this coast the stingarees' are a downright nuts ince N. at the mm of the Hastings at Port Mac- quite there is excellent whaling ground, the fish unusually uj¡%\ and well flavoured But too stingarees haunt you and, whether they break your tackle or na hauled on b jar d, they delay operations sadly. In the latter case look out for squalls New Chum "'What would you do, love, if you were pricked by one" Vaterun : "I'll tell you what that queer card, G. IC, the naturalist, did. At one of our fishing picnics in the harbour he asked many question of the boatmen and others as to the wound made by the stingaree s tail, the nature of the pain and the subsequent effects At last he actually grasped the tail of one above the sting, and ran it smartly into the muscle of in-hand below the little finger. Presently I could see his face begin to twitch, the pain was worse than he had resigned on He quietly took out a lancet, made a do p trobS cut into the puncture, staked it, poured in some brandy, took a grip of ditto, and then bound the wound up without a word." New Chum- " The Hero as Philosopher. "Well, I have no doubt the treatment was very good, and will bear a in mind should I ever be in the Ilka ease, but, as Sir Andrew says, ' my hope is better ' At all events, I shall not try the experiment on myself. You will have observed my cautious dealing with my last three flathead-a two-pronged fork through the skull makes them marvellously easy to handle. But, how now? What the dickens have you got there! " Veterans "A fish worth having, I can tell you ; those Botany soles, when you get them, are the bit part of the bug In flavour, as in shape, he is something between the English sole and flounder, but nearer the former. We shall catch a few more hereabouts, the bite is wary and tremulous, unlike the bold jerk of the flathead; so when you feel him give him time " New Chum. " Really, there flatheads come very thick. I miss, done then, and here's a big fellow that hooked himself in mid-water as I hauled up. Well your bait hold out at this rate r " Veteran . " We shall nail a school shark ere long, and then we shall have two days' supply. "What a up now ? A shark?" New Chum : " Not knowing, can't state with accuracy ; but he's a rare fish to pull. As the Keswick peasant said when he brought me a caterpillar. ' Ah's gotten summer as is wick.' There he goes for another outing. He will have line in spite of me." Boatman : " The gentleman's fast to a kingfish, guv'nor, and a tidy one ! Easy with him, sir, or boil cut your finger to those." I Veteran: "Bravo, F. ! don't give him an inch he doesn't fight for. Steady, now, and I will gaff bird. No ! he's off again like a shot. It's lucky you've a first-rate Uno. Haul on him again." New Chum : " A long pull and a strong pull. By Jove, he is a plucky fish Yet I think his strength is flagging. Another start ! but this time he is easily turned. It won't do. my friend ; these long; excursions unsettle your habits. Steady there, steady! Now the gaff. Thank you, D. that job is well over at last. H as he did tug ! As Zerubbabel L. Hoskins said of the bear, ' It was Um most powers fullest animal that over laid bottoms, it was ndio loud strong ' I expected something much bigger." Veteran " ' Reason, you rogue, reason ' Surely thirty five pounds ought to content v in for the first sample You will Kill twenty smaller king fish for one larger But they all do pull frightfully Weight for weight they are the strongest fish in the Australian war ors, with only one exception Is he not a li mdsjmo fellow ? " New Chun " Yes, I have never seen a better propor- tioned fish-firm, the lost, hog backed, h did not too large And then his yellow tins set off his air vor Every well Why, you vo hooked his mate ' Veteran ' No such luck, and yet I've got what I wanted Itsanohool shark, you may swoirbytho way he bore perhaps five foot long they know little fight till they come to eight or nine Go on with your Ü ahead he It come in soon My hook is wired, and he hasn't the ghost of a chance if he runs round you, slacken line Now, Barker, help me in with him, he not worth landing # And you, shaver, be ready with the tomahawk to cripple' his tail " New Chum " This is glorious ' At length I have assisted in the French sense at least, at the capture of a shock Now you we got him, what are you going to do with him Veteran " Oh, Barker and the boy will cut him up Hand in some tidy sheafs of bait, shaver, cut CIOBH under the skin, and then open and wash him over the side for the benefit of his friends T like a lump of (shark bait, h and soften it by chop ping with that blunt knife learnt that trick of a blackfellow, without it tile but 19th hard, at least till it has been kept a day, and of tin prevents the hook from laying hold ' B Mitiuau "The ebb is running many strong, guv'nor I think I d better drop the kellick, rise to ing and keep her back while we open the fish When the washings float way we shall have the sharks and it It is ten mi mt s Veteran very good we shall drift into i\,iftiunot want heaps markets You study dialects 1 , Army notice the 'shirks' Our Sydneyites h generally tends to a crawl, yet we shorten certain vessels stream has become brim creeks kick and no forth Vh, th it's a Solo you be got, in with him, and at it again' We have no time to spare " New Chum (after a few minutes steady fishing) " Well, this is really rockwork contain beating me, I suppose from a quicker, surer stroke in hauling fish up, yet I seem to be taking one every cat Several tim H I have seen author is dead, and once the, following my pria mer to the surface, waiting for the r worse To f of my best Veteran "How Re all this fun is pulls' Fooled, by J ever, not a revenue in but 11 remainders tail They mu s bb lung very thick just here, and yet true of him is not what it was ten years ago we should have killed thirty dozen by this time on such a warm, still morning 1 to-day I'd not a suppose we have taken more than twelve dogs and we sham t got many more I felt a t anchor a shark s nose then Leave the Shaver to unhook that fish cut the shoot off and put on a hook a size larger, armed with who Are you starting a line, too, Barker Very well the more the merrier What off again No I've nailed him in and water Now, mind by air line F , John is bigger than his late brother, and I can't promise to keep him to my own side ' New Chum " But I have gotten hold of one my self, and he was obstinate as a Connaught pig I can t promise not to t ml you " Veteran " Never mind, if they cross we must try to get them in together Only trust your line and keep a tight hand I think my friend seems inclined to hear reason at last, that was a very feeble sally But he 11 want the lance before he comes aboard " Boatman ' Here Jim, cale h hold of' my line Now guv'nor bring him up broadside on My word ' but he's big for a school shark and full of eggs too ' Hos- tractor for them stabs Qu ck with that fish, Jim, and help us in with the shark " (A short scuffle lucky chip above the the tail, and Johnson. feet long-is secured ' gralloched' and heavier on b lard ) New Chum " Now, D , turn about is fair play help me to settle with my customers I think he is pretty well tired ' Veteran "Aye, aye, he' told him there while I give him his dose the steel as before Now, Barker two can live but Fm and tail, well done Here buyer be smart ' a shark line out of the bag No, not the chain h ok that now line with the hook on ten plies of 1 runs wire Now, Barker, that largest blackfish, to tempt a ' boomed ' ' B J itman ' Heave it far down stream, guv n or, to leave room for our hung round the boat Their eggs are rare birley ' Birley read Chum ' By Jove, he is right ' I've another shark just already, and Jim has his hands full, too " Veteran (striking smartly) " Gracious Tweezer, there are three of them ' We must mind our fits in with the killick, Barker You, shaver, keep you? fish away, by the bow if you can, don't let him run under the boat "Work yours over the stern, F " A scene of lively contusion ensues Two lines get foul but are, with some difficulty, cleared, and ultimately all three fish are captured New Chum ' Well, I thought they would have beaten us What a scrimmage '" Veteran " Pretty fun, isn't it I have a sort of antipathy to sharks, which gives me a special pleasure in killing them " New Chum " Pity they are useless when caught " Veteran "Don you believe it The last great day I had here I sent a lot of this to one of our Chinese stem keepers, and got a half-chest of tea in return Then the livers yield a capital oil in great quantities, as Barker there will tell you I have had more than six gallons from a single liver, but that was a fourteen-foot shark, and much broader in proportion than those- babies. I should like to show you something sueable before landing for luncheon New Chum " May it come soon ' I begin to find this sun trying " Veteran " You are right, we had better be getting under the rocks Get out the oars, Barker I li haul in the shark line Stop' I felt a touch He is turning the bait over with his snout Keep all feet clear of the line, for goodness sake. This is just the exciting moment He is off now-going from us One, two, three, fast rooked, I believe Now comes the tug of war Get her head r mind, Barker let him throw the b out if he pleases Stiff week this year the arms, F ' You see I am heaving with my whole weight against him but can t turn him Go ahead, mv beauty ' I hope you like the towing business You see, V , ho u saving us trouble, he is pushing straight for the Frenchman h Point If he stands this long, hos- bigger than I take him to be " New Chum " Surely he's big enough for anything " Veteran "I fear not, he is giving in already I have pulled him in some ten yards hand over hand, and I don't think he's game for unusual rush Ah ' I caught sight of him then-a hobbled hoy sort of shark, ten feet long or so, not a regular monster of the deep Now, F , stand by to lance him Oh, you must " New Chum " Muff, indeed < "Why, I drove it right through him " Veteran "And so he wrested it from you, and had twisted the wrought-iron half round his body, while he whirls the wooden handle like a flail ' Imagine a lancer impaling his enemy, instead of recovering his weapon after a thrust t Mind your head ' By all that is awkward, you had a narrow escape from that w birding shaft BUL I can t give him line get the waddy, man, and give it him well over the nose Ah' that has a very soothing effect The snout seems the one sensitive part of the shark a organization I suppose it is the seat of those fine nerves which enable him to detect a taint in the waters, and sniff hit, distant prey Well, all s well that ends well The land will be easily straightened, and, after all, I might as well have warned you beforehand Make the line fast astern, B n ker, and we 11 tow him in to shore His liver will be worth having now for La Perouse s monument " New Chum " And luncheon I shall feel re- dv for anything in the way of solids when I have printed my sell with a dozen rock oysters and a glass of cawarra ' ( they row in with "John" m towards. R FRANCIS, in The Field. 