Cornish Midsummer Bonfires. [From The Helper.] There is a custom associated with the 24th June, in this distiict. trivial enough in itself perhaps, yet nevertheless one on which five minutes reflection might not be altogether wasted : it is that of lighting bonfires. Perhaps there are very few among us who ever gave a moments thought to the question of its probable origin or primitive significance. Of cour e we all know as practised here that it is an importation from Cornwall, but beyond that we know almost nothing. It has been the practice of our forefathers from time immemorial and there we rest. There was a time when this season of the year was invested with a great many superstitious notions. Young ladies believed that by observing certain arts of divination, they would be favored with visions of their true lovers. Different courses might be pursued as more in harmony with the tastes of the persons concerned. and with equal success. Keeking these silent interviews with their lovers was a very exciting occupation. Another privilege ay ung unmarried woman had was of going to the porch of the parish church, and from there observing a procession of the ghosts of all the persons who would die in the parish during the year, but usually the last in the procession was the ghost of the observer her-elf, and she invariably (we are told) pined away and died before another year rolled round. Very few made use of the latter privilege, only those of morbid tastes indeed, but the f rmer, calling up an apparition of the true lover, was eagerly utilized by most marriageable ladies. But the enlightenment of the age has taken the charms and beliefs out of all the superstitions of the season entirely, and the remnant observed in our midst, bonfire making. is reduced to a mere amusing pastime, or a piece of youthful frolic. The lighting of these fires, while a peculiarity of Cornish history, has had its parallel in other parts of Great Britain and Ireland. In Scotland there is a town called by a name which means the "fire of Baal." In Ireland fires were made until recently on the 21st, June. The people made them on the tops of hills, and it was considered imperative that the whole family should pass through the flame, that they might secure good luck during the coming year. Among the Welsh these fires were on the 1st day of November, and were accompanied with a number of ceremonies, such as run ing through the smoke, casting stones min the fire, &., all of which were supposed in some way to have a beneficial Now the only reasonable way of account- ing for these bonfires is to regard them as relics of heathenism, transmitted from a barbaric age of some remote a date as to be almost lost in the darkness of imperfectly recorded history. Druidism, the system of religion prevailing among the ancient Britons at the time of Julius Cesar's invasion had its sacred fires. Remains of its temples are to be seen to-day in various parts of our fatherland at which these fires were kindled. It sacrificed human victims by fire. Large wicker work figures were made, in which were placed persons, commonly criminals or prisoners of war, but if these were not forth- coming innocent persons had to supply the place, and the whole committed to the flames. Our Midsummer fires, or rather Midwinter fires at the antipodes, are in all probability lingering remnants of the ancient Dreidical rites of Britain. "Druidism was Baa ism in perfection"' says an author. Now Baal's temples had kept in them afire perpetually burning. Its worship was a worship largely associated with fire Baal and the idol Moloch are considered by many to be identical. As Bible readers we are familiarized with the horrifying fires of Moloch. Speaking of the fires of Moloch God says. "And they have built the high places of Tophet which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire ? which I com- manded them not. nether came it into my heart. Isa. 7c. 13v. The Rabbins tell us Moloch was an idol made of brass seated on a throne of bra-s. with arms extended as if to embrace any one ; within a fire was lit which heated the statue, and when burning hot the children were put within his arms to be consumed by the violence of the heat, while a noise was made with musical instru- ments to drown their cries. Now viewing these bonfires in a general way as symbols of the religion of idolatory .what a dark picture of horrors, atrocities and abominations, we have called up before our imagination! Idolatry in one form and another has given encourage- ment to every species of immorality, Un- bounded licence has been afforded to the wildest and most brutal passions. Every kind of pollution and defilement has had its sanction in the authority of some duty. Wor- ship assimilates to the character of the object worshipped. Better than the god the votaries are not expected to be. but worse than they were it was impossible they could be. What was the character of these gods? They were maddened with rage, tided with pride, goaded by revenge, and consumed by lust: their delights were in blood and slaughter, contention and mischief, machination and chicanery, and riot and debauchery. The glory of the votary was to emulate his god. What therefore would be the character developed under such a culture ! The religion of idolatry was also a religion of penance and torture. Roasting alive before a slow fire, walkingon spikes, tearing the flesh, being buried alive, gazing on the intense light of the sun until the sight is extinguished, keeping the limbs in a particular position until they are paralyzed, &c..; are the requisites of idolatrous worship. In India mothers used to cast their infants in the Ganges, widows burn themselves on their husband's funeral pile, and the monstrous car of Juggernaut in its bloody path crushed and mangled the bodies of the poor benighted victims who threw themselves beneath its wheels, In Mexico 20.000 human beings are said to have been sacrificed annually in days gone by. Happy is it for us that the foregoing is only a picture. We taste not. its severities, we witness not its cruelties, and have no fear of its ever becoming a ruling system over us. We can look upon the customs of 24th June as a mere frivolous pastime of no practical meaning whatever, as nothing more than a simple outlet for the frolicsome play of the juvenility of our nature. Though having arisen out of a grim and bloody system, it is become altogether detached therefrom. But the intelligent and thoughtful Christian when he fairly apprehends from what it sprang, is devoutly thankful that he lives under a very different order of things from what the Cornish Midsummer fires symbolize. He rejoices that the searching white light of the religion of Jesus has dissipated the superstitions of heathenism, and gilded the sky of our lives with the brightness and beauty of a glorious liberty. The only fires of His worship, are the fires from heaven— spiritual fires which burn with a glow of holy flames issuing in the fulness of im- mortal happiness. JAMES PRYOR. 