THE NOVELIST. j A BBIDQE OF $L ASS-J f liv P. W. ROBINSON, AUTUOB OF ANW JUDGE SPINSTER : THE MAN FBCM GLASGOW, &C;, &C;] CKAPTKB XXXIV.-MAKIN« FUIKXDS. I The introduction ol' tho Redbridges to tno Pouuied having been made, the party of four sat down to talk commonplaced-of the line weather, of tho convenience of lnglonoss to (Jharrington, despite an eight-mile drive from Kirkford Station, r»f the channing situation ol' tho villa, of tho har vest, of tho last nows in town -of everything save politics. Mr. Redbridge anti Lord Tonnie were both wary men, and though tho former was willing to ho con vinced-as Lord Pounie undertook to convince him -that he had not a chanco for Charrington, he was not going to betray any indecent haste in the inquiry. They had all ú:ned, so Lady I'ounio presided at hoy tea table, txuû did tho honours gracefully. The unceremonious descent of tho Redbridges upon thc home to which Lady I'ounio had Hod for quietness, had not tended lo pre-pos seas thom in her favour; but abo found herself smiling at tho barrister's remarks and anecdotes, and becoming interested in tho pale-faced girl hy her side. Tlioy were not proud .folk, they were not servilo people, who agreed with everything that was said, and showed an immense reverence for their aristocratic host, and ho.ste.ss ; they were simply agreeable, and it had been Ilesbio Tonnie's lot not to moot agreeable people frequently of late years. Presently Lord Pounie asked Mr. Heil bridge if he would like to smoko a cigar in his study, and Mr. Redbridge having stated that it was tho very thing that would suit him nftor tho fatigues of the day, if tho ladies would graciously oxcuse him, tho two gontlomon withdrew'. Wo shall not accom pany them to tho study-a room in which there was nothing to study, and whore Lord Pounie had never thought of studying ; our business is with tho ladies left behind. Tho ladies improved in their acquaintance very rapidly ; Miss Redbridge took to Lady Pounie, and Lady I'ounio thought that Miss Redbridge wa3 a very nico girl. Jjoth were amiahlo and gentle women, and freo from affectation, and women of this character thrown together are sure to be friends. They were almost friends beforo tho evening was over, and tho gentlemen had returned from their studies. One common topic of interest ou which thoy had chanced hail porhaps drawn Hiern togethor moro closely than tho time war ranted. lt was a topic which always draws toge ther or summarily separates two women-it was A MAN. I " Tho namo of Redbridge is familiar to mo," said Lady I'ounio. " I had a cousin in the lirai of Red- 1 bridge, Mincing-lane." j "That was my father's linn," Kanuy Redbridge ! ropliod. " What was your cousin's name r" j "Clement Quail." . j She had waited for that answer ; she had ex- ' peeled it, and she surprised Lady Pounie very much hy saying, thoughtfully, " Ho was going to iuarry a cousin once. I sup poso you aro not-" And thon sho stojjped, thinking suddenly that it was a strong lending question that was about to ? oscapo'her. Lady Pounie, having recovered from her surprise, waa equal to tho occasion. ' " Ho was going to marry mo. Ours was ono of those «arly engagements hetweon two young per sons who did not know their own minds, and it euded in a very common fashion, as might havo boon expected." " Yo-os," said Fanny Redbridge, slowly ; and she regarded her companion with a greater degreo of interest. She liad no vor heard how the engagement had begun, or in what way it had been broken oft". Clement Quail had come back singlo to town four years ago, whoa sho was a girl of sixteen, and of course ho had not told her anything ^about it. She felt that she would Uko to hear tho whole story, if Lady Founie would condescend to bo communica tive ; but her ladyship had nothing further to say concerning tho ongagement. It was disappoint ing, but it was not to bo helped. Lady Tonnie was vory pretty, and other lovers had started up while Clement was in China, and it had boon " out of sight, out of mind," perhaps-though, under simi lar circumstances, sho should not havo forgotten Clomont Quail. Sho was sure of that; ho was bo<f" idoal of a manly, straightforward, fearless gentl|i mau, and sho was not above declaring that fact -\o «nú of her own sex. She had a habit of speaking out, not unliko Clement's in some respects. " I Uko Mr. Quail very much," sho said ; " he was a truo frioud to my father, when my father was in great allliction and needed friends, and I can never forget that." " indeed ! I have not heard about it," said Lady Pounie. " Would you mind tolling nm ?" Fanny Redbridge related all the particulars, and Lady rounio was glad that she had thus ingeni ously turned tho subject from her own first lo vo il (fair, '.tho barrister's niece had not seen tho rum:, and Lady Tonnie's interest in her story, and true sympathy with her trouble, never af ter wards sug gested it. .Fanny was glad that she had found ""a good listener, and Clement's merits and self-sacri fice had never before had so earnest an exponent. "Yes, ho is a good niau," said Lady Tonnie, fhoughtfully ; "itwas like him through it all." . " When he quitted us at last, after poor father's funeral, uncle and 1 did not think that ho had made up his mind lo leave us for good," Miss Fanny Redbridge concluded. " We built upon his coming to seo us frequently-to his being one of our beat friends. Ile was so good and clever and earnest a man, that we did not associate his name with misfortune, but imagined that he was work ing his way in the world as profitably and success fully as he had over done, and as he deserved to do. We were hurt at his sileuw, but we did not guess the reason of ¡L until we met him last Saturday at Charringtou. Then I felt 1hat wc had unintentionally done him a great injustice.'* " In what way?" Lady I'ounio was in tho clouds; but she asked lu.il questions in a well-bred, deceptive inaunci L'mt gave no evidence of the new anxiety which was oppressing to her. " In nut helping him," replied Fanny, "as it wi in my uncle's power, and with his many friends i position and influence, to help him." "But he did not want to ho advanced in life-1 has made his own way in the world, long ago." " No," said Fanny, shaking her head sadly, " 1 has not." " ]).> you mean to imply that he » pool'-striij gîing ?" asked Lady I'ounio, with more eagerne: than she had hitherto evinced. " Ves, he is very poor," was the reply. " Ile toi us last Saturday that ho was a clerk at eight X>ounds a year; and he spoke as proudly, as dei autly- you know his way better than 1, even - n if it were eight thousand," "His brother is not aware of this. Are yo qui le sure ?" "Oh, yes; he wished to show my uucle that li was not in a position to resume his old acquniu' ance with him, or that he would not meet hil under any false pretences. But," said Fanny, th red blood mounting to her faco, and her eye sparkling, "wo shall change all this ; uncle is nc going to folget him, as Mr. Quail thinks that h is ; and I am tho hearer of good news to Inglenesi He is iu lugleness, I know." " Voa-ho is hero." Lady I'ounio was not quite certain that sho ad mired so much enthusiasm in Uer cousin's "auso a Miss Redbridge was showingjustthou; it was ver; kind, but it was somewhat bewildering. Jt wà tacitly a reproach to herself, who had allowed ho cousin to drift any way in tho current, withou knowing ani'titing of Ids fortunes or niisfortunos it was helping one of bor own relatives, whom sin I would have liked to help herself, if he would havt I accepted tho favour from her hands, which lu , would not have dc?no,sho know, j It was strange to meet some one who could tall of Clement like this ; and on tho whole she was glad, although she did not make out Fanny Red bridgo at present. Clement Quail's ears must havo burned thal night unpleasantly, if there be any truth in the old adage ; for these two women were still talking ol him when Lord I'ounio and Mr, Redbridge found their way to the drawing-room again. Lord Pounie was in high spirits, and looked tho picture of a good-tempered, easy- going young nobleman which wo know that ho was not-and Mr. Rod bridge, though inwardly crestfallen, was full of smiles and bows as he re-entered. Tho barrister had discovered lalo in the day that thero was about as much chanco of his silting for Charrington as for tho moon, and that ho had only helped to divide the Conservative interest, and offered an oppor tunity for a Liberal to step in between hy his vigorous efforts. It had been amicably arranged ; and at the next election Mr. Redbridge would have a better chance for another borough, and his ex penses in the present contest would bo well and fairly considered, and settled hy the Coedstown's i solicitors. j " I should not havo givon way, if there had been j tho ghost of a chance, my dear," ho said to his nioce, when there was an opportunity of speaking on the subject ; " hut thero wasn't, and, thank heaven, I'm not too pig-headed for tho occasion ! I shan't lose any money, I shall have made another aristocratic acquaintance," he added, with a little twinkling of his eyes ; "and I shall bo able to give that Clem Quail a'lift." " Ves ; I am glad of that," said his niece. " And yon mentioned it to Lord I'ounio ?" "To bo sure; he will bo most happy. Quail is some kind of connection of his wife's, he tells me." " Ves ; 1 know. And may 1-." " May you what ?" asked her uncle, 'ns she I paused. i "May T bethe first to loll him the good news to-morrow?" " Yes ; if you like." She appeared so pleased with this arrangement that ho regarded her very thoughtfully again. Like Lady Pounie, he did not quite understand her. If slio had been in love with tho fellow at any time-if she were even in love with him still-she would have been moro quiet about it, and shown her hand loss. At least, most young women of twenty years of ago would havo done so ; and Fanny Redbridge had been well brought up, and taught everything that was proper. 