" This Is true liberty, wlion frecborn mon, . Having to ndviso tho public; may speak froo." . jMii.toh. SATDJIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 187C. Mr. DaFiIjEy's speech. on tho occasion' of tlie festivities attending the recent inauguration of tha Kiama Basin, has by ils intrinsic morits as an oration, attracted considerable notico, and gamed lor tho speaker not a littlo famo. Regarded from tins stand point thoro can bo no question that Ml'. DaLIjHI :JJUS HI1UWI1 lllUlSulf to be a mastor of humorous sarcasm, and of that particular quality of eloquence which never fails ,to please ovon thoso who may differ from the sontiwents of tho. orator. The brilliancy of this celobratod dolivoranco' would bo in creased in tho ostimate of impartial critics if it woro spontaneous. Under such circumstances wo might feel in clined, to overlook any indiscretions that might properly have beon avoided. But if, on the other hand, tho spoech was prepared, as internal ovidonce leads us to suppose it was, tho Attorney General has givon cause for some uot unreasonable com plaints that ho should have takon advantage of his position, in tho revival of the silly episode of tho "ICiama Ghost," to wound the feelings of his opponents, and exhume a spirit of bitterness, that has long slept and was well nigh forgotton. TlidVo is room for gravo doubt whether it was wise in the' Attornoy General the chief guardian of law and ordor, to roBurrectionizo a subject, tho dis cussion of which, ho might bo sure would fan again, at least in somo quarters, the flame of sectarian and political lmte. Thero aro some sub jects which, howovor open to ridieulo are best for tho peace of sooioty loft nnnoticod, and tluit this is one, Mr. Dadt.ey may admit hiinsolf 011 reflec tion. The fun which I10 poked at Mr. Pauses on account of that gentleman's correspondence with tho vetoran statosmnn, Earl Russoll, was legitimate onough, howover ovor decorated, and wo beliovo that Mr. Pakkus is pre cisely the man to laugh with tho rest of lis, and oxcuso (ho " dressing down" ho trots for the sako of tho j>,__„.„iH;cruu!i-Tranire 01 hid ornamental | [ rub known ns tho trumput-llower (snya tlio ' uconslnnd 'rimes),it is ullowcd to grow in fferont localities within rcn.li of children ; i 