WILL HE MARRY HER. ?if THB AOTHOB OT 'THE FOBOMVl WIPE,' ' Too Cissbb bi Half, to. CHAPIfiK XilV. Dni.rrrCAL NEGOTIATIONS. ? B*diy wounded as was Colonel Ornebie, he would not relinquish his command ; nor did Ksek lass go upon tne 6ick list' ttou8n he waB aow looking far mere like a ghost than a man. Three days aftel ihe battle of Sobraon, the British forces crossed tie Sutlej, and encamped at wiierea meting was held between the Govamor General and the Saik cnieftain, Goolab Singh, wiio cane to beg pardon on behalf of the Court of Ijiih -re. On the 18th, the Maharajah, wh« was then a very oretty little boy of about ten or eleven vears of ager came to the camp, which was now a pkea called Lulleala, and within three marches of Lahore, Tnere was no salute fired for him, and bat tew of tha customary compliments paid to a person oE hia exalted rank. ? T-jll bits— let it be explained to him that I cannot recognise Him as a friendly Prince till he has distinctly tendered his submission,' said the Governor- General. 'lh 4 little boy looked as though he did not com prehend anything connected with the affair, and kept oo asking Bijah Goolab Singh what they wers talking about -what it meant; ani seem ia*ly very ill at ease, be several times signified thit he had had enough o£ it, and desired to de pirt Goolab Singh, hjweyw, tendered the sub mission on the Maharajah's part, and Tery elo quently he dii it; whereupon the GovernorGene ral c tu*s& it to be explained to the little king that it was now ' all right'— that he was now restored to the f bvout and friendship ot the British Govern rasnt aid upon the following easy terms :— Tae surrender of the en .ire territory, hill and plain, between the river Satlej and tbe river Bees, and the pa.y moot of a million and a half sterling in money, and giving up every gun that had been piloted at us during the campaign. fiie G jvernor-Genersl then talked to the little bov about the fame ani character of Buojeet Siish. Maior (the late Sir Henry) Lawrence act inz aa interpreter. The yeung Maharajah did njt sesai to cira one jot about the fame and character of Kunieet, By the way, the latter— the character — ?Ji'i not desarre much favourable appreciation. The Gjveraor-Generat alto expressed a hope that tlia bay king would follow in tbe footsteps of his father; nad the expression o£ this hope rather st.irUed the Saik chiefs— for, notwithstanding Jlunj?et SiDgh was a very wonderful man, still it man '^e aimittei that, from his earliest youth, h* baS i-d8n a robbsr of all those weaker thaa liiiiiself . A0(l one °^ *Qe most wicked and licsn ti:u3 of E istarn tyrants that ever lived. Oa tik is;; bis departure, now that it was 'all right,' a t-i'mendous salute was fired from oar twenty-four ij:-uUiiTw. But juat after it was over, Qjolab SiCijh wisUel to know whether he should take the 3 -yVwk ti) his mother in Lahore, or whether tin Governor-General would like to keep hia. ' i'.;u may do whet you like with him/ said the ??vi!y G-iolab Singh. It ffiB eventually hrrasged— and evidently to ?\o ills^ust of the boy— that he should be accam .x-niiA ta bis cayital by the cax-p of the Governor G5;tr'.l, Taea cime the entry of our troops inte :',;?: Lo.hjre capital, every gun upon the rampartB P.ilrg ft sulute o' seven rounds. This firing occu ?j'.'A more shaa three-gawters of an hour, Aad now it was discovered that the Libore trea :-;ry hs/i ujt the means of paying a million and a LrtiL. It hid nnly half a million; wbfraupon Goo l:b5'm^Vi Slid, * I've got a million in cash; and if -hi vu\ t;iv-- me the whole o£ the hill country be ii«en tiie B^isand the InJus, iaclnding the valley f Ca-hinari, you shall have the money,' Tae G;v#sinor-(.Tv?nrtial. advised by Sir Frederick Muli 2iH «cy, sud, 'Very well}' and so thearrange 'ii 'At was concluded, i';;j Governor-General also cona;nt»d to allow a ^?i.THituE II it 'a Foot, eight regiments of Native *:ibi'j'.tr, aal a large force of Horse Artillery, and fi.-ji ir:vgu!*r Cavalry, to remain atLihore till i .?; c marry was perfectly tranquillized; and the r :i'. of 'he lit£9 force that had fought eo valiantly \- .re tiiaii ^iizatted to march to various stations, i : jo-r -iiHfcj to ttie ' relief.' Tae regiment to which K-eckks^ iviouged was in orders for England; but K^'it'e.'s obiAijed leave to remain, and occom '. 'in 'nil tho Gjvernor- General's camp to Simlab, ivbitiior Cj!oa-)l Ofasbie also went, aud where he c'.ij a irir^e \i -use ou the top of a very high moon *::-.b\ -y i ib iiie scenery of tbe Himalayas, R;ck :-!5!- i?i.E. oi iimrse. enchanted. Who could fail to bs ? A:i-} mo -1, clear, and bracing was theatmo sri'aere ?fter the beat and dust of the plains and V-:t '0il-!6-fi--.l(Js. :; v.uS Uyfe that Eeckksa's breast vj-rb again it.ia Uy *A'Of« conflicting passions, 1 jva and preju Sics —Jus low for Leonora, atid hia prejudio V^i''i! '-'?'-» tntim Asiatic race. He had, from the 'ir'jf, hu-MJ, liespised, loathed, abhorred the native Jbar.'.cUr; nnd tne more he saw of it, the more was -lisanti .athy inoreased, or rather confirmed; iiij.-l as ibe Ranep had been to him, still he ici!1- u:A liiut from his mind the fact that she was a aiUirs ^cnian — one of the race against which ii 1.-5 f.vil r^vjlted, perhaps hastily and ungener ous'lv ; .v.:i tben came the horrible iden that, if he iJ!D,:';--a Iv^nora, his issue, would most pro bably iic-ar the brand upon them, and Btend forth asiiviDj mi.-numentB in memory of their mother's orifii-. H'l-.en ):* wfts alone -with Leonora, soated on a rock '-j-rnc-Mha huge rhododendron tros, gazing on h«r wmIj nod listening to tier gentle and musical voice, ho Cyrgot thoas ties of relationship which gavo tii-j ki much paiu ; but then, when they were jjiri'jd ;-;? ^liersaneo or by that hideous black boy, agftiii t;i-tt old shudder would run through his every v^iii, while some mysteriou3 epirit would wbiaiK!* in bis ear—' Ponder welK' ^5V ilViug tiieee ihings in bis Beneitivd mind, itacki.HM . inld aloof from society, and took but little tQ'.arast in thagraat topic of the day— the pramjuons and honours which the next mail ttSuU bring; who would get brevet rank, or a C.B., ov bo'.li la fact, when they did come, and Rick l«s9W:\\*t iuEorniei ''at a mamoranduui had been m^a t-i ttift Horsa Gaat'ta ta this qffsc'i tb.at 'in canaebaiuce of the conspicuous gillftntfy of Lieu tenwt R-)ckl«s3 in all the aotioason tna Sutlej, th^t ofEoer, oa attaining the rank of captain, will im.uieii.iLely receiva his brevet majerity and the Companionship of the Batb,' he quite chilled tie old Chi^f ay the cool inaaner in which ha reciiveil as intimilion which would have caused the heart of m-tar na officer of Sfl:esn years' standing in tbe aray ti leap with jiy. So indifferent did he CiBeai, that tha Chief could not help putting the .flh^sSottto him— 'Surely you did not expect to be.midtt a pser of the realm and a G.C.B.— did you?' *N-- my lord,' replied Reckless, aroused. 'And I am onW too ihrmkful to your loriship and tlie GoTsrii'jr-Gdaeral for the handsome minner in which you aoticed me ia the desoatcbea.' ' Jf you had bssn acaptiin, you would have cot your promoUan aud your decoration at once. But aa yju are not lieutenant, you must wait. It is very disagreeable, I know, to be kept wait ing f'r anything in the woili ; but it cannot be helped ' '1 ivni aware oE that, my lord.' 'Aiitis, I hear that there is a good deal of grumbling going on; and I am roty sorry to hear it, for it is a very uasaldierlike thing to talk about not being honoured or decorated. Whatever a m in thinks oa such a subject, he should keep ts himself.' Unfortunately, this was not the case. Many talked, at tho billiird-Toom, at the racket-cmrt, and on the public mall, of ' the infamous staff of the Gm'raor-Gjueral ind the CommandeTin Chief .' The loudest, however, in these complaints were those who had no species of claim to any sort of distinction of an honourable character. ' What the deucs did that fellow West do ?' said as officer of .?» regiment of native cavalry that ran away at Moodkee, chased by their own com mander (as br&ve; a man as ever lived), who cut several of them down, and abmed them for thair cowardice. 'Ob, .vou brutes!' he cried, and left them to rejoin the 3rd Dragoons!' ? What did West -3o?' eaid Keck- less. ' He took an active and nonourable put in three great battles, and wherever the danger and the difficulty was greatest, there was he, in tbe execution of bis duty. And wbt?re the deuce were you ?? 'Doing my duty.' . ' VThrit ! Out o£ the range ot tho enemy's guns, with a parcel of fugitives, of whom their own c-ommmdant states publicly, 'They ought to be sbot !' ,^ | fiucb ultsrca'.ions w^a, ur.bftppily, too frequent, ' and ltd to many personal qunrrelf. The atave, however, is r.h«- oisly ono to vrbich Krckl?ss was a party. In future, he Lbstcined from mckiug any remarks -whatever, 'when the question o£ promo tions were mooted. '? _ It is very txae that n. tstt ' Dowbe' were taken care of— cot young 'Dawbf,' but elderly ones, ?who got the Bith and brevet Tank for anything but military eervieea. Neverihelesg, no reason able men could cavil at the good fortune whiM befell the officers on the personal staff of theGbief end G .Timor- General, during the campaign oa tha Sutlej. ? 