A Ghost of a Chance. (From the Weekly JJfspatch.) IQ St Arthurs reet, St Luke s, is Court, an ancient place with an iron tablet at tho narrow ? arched entrance stating its extreme age. The plac3 is now uninhabited, the tenants having been recently turned out. We found two work men busy in the court, :<ud one of thetn hud juse . . prised a - heavy wooden trap which had been securely cemented iu the pxvt-ment, and the open ug disclosed a uulf at leasb twelve feet deep and t^ctendiug uudcr all the houses on either side. Strangely enough, my guide, a city rais sio:.«ry, who liud been familiar with the pUce for fifteen years pust, knew nothirg of the exist ence of this vast vault, uor to his knowledge . -were any of: the inhabitants .aware of it. Standat'd, 9th September, 1875. CHAPTER L ' ANGEL'S CHRISTENING/ ; 1' Old Tommy Idol's workshop was a back parlour of one of 'the ancient~and crazy si\ 'roonied tenements collectively known as Bare foot-:ronts, Lu the re~gi<)ii~of Goldou-latie, iu the parish, of St. Luke's.: , ... A sketch of Old Tommy IdolV apartment taken at any-time between daylight and dark to be truthful''must have included, the figure of a small boy,1 a mere child of 7 or 8 years old, who, with his delicate features and fair hair, and timid, girl-like manner, as he sat amongst the mouldy old boots and shoe3, and with a mite of a leather-apron before him and a bit of wax-end round his head to keep his soft long hair from tumbling into his eyas, seemed as much out of place as a dove in a rook's nest. Judging from the name that 'had been bestowed on the boy,- which was Angel,-it might be imagined that the cobb ler's family, who were responsible for it, .were not insensible to his being a superior sort of beiug. But anyone who imagined anything of the kind could never have seen Mother. Idol, the cobbler's wife. Neither could he have any knowledge of the behaviour towards the fragile little fellow of Tommy Idol's hulking, idle, coarse-minded lout of a son, and his common habit of addressing him as " Boues," and " Ricketts," and " Shaky." It was Mother Idol herself who had dubbed the child " Angel," but it might just as well have been " Red Lion," or "Star and Gar ter," or " Bricklayers' Arms." The Angel at Islington was the place where, eight years since, in her capacity of Adopter of Children, Mother Idol met by appointment a middle aged gentleman who woreacloak and afelthat pulled down over his eyes, and who, after a few whispered words, handed to that good l.idy a small bundle wrapped in a shawl and some gold coin, receiving in exchange noth ing but a shabby scrap of paper with Mother Idol's address iu Barefoot-rants, St. Luke's, scrawled on it. The stranger turned hastily; away, his' little business satisfactorily con cluded, but Mother Idol hurried a few steps after him and touched him oil the arm-a light touch, but it caused him to start into the roadway almost. "Well, what, else 1" the gentleman , said, impatiently. '.'The name, master. The. little ereeter's got .,a; name, I' s'pose?" "Pish !?; exclaimed the gentleman angrily ; and, plucking his cloak sleeve from her hold, he stalked oil" without another word. " Well you're a rum'un;-' muttered Mother Idol, musingly, /as'"' she watched his retreating iigurej " but 'Pish' won't do for me. '. l ain't a 'goin'' to''have, it brat with the ridie'lus name of ' Pish' iu. iiitf house,, or give it to the undertaker to put it on his coffin plate." And with the matter still weighing on her mind,-she turned,; into, the public-house at the corner (with, the small bundle under her shawl) and treated herself to a quartern of gin on the strength' of her good morning's work, and, as she facetiously remarked to hurselr, " to chriatou the baby." Then, having drank the ciii; a happy idea occurred to "her. " I'll call him after the ' public' lie was christened in," said she; and that is liow the boy came by his name of 'Angel. And there sits Angel on the .afternoon on on which he is introduced to the reader ; there, lie sits on his small stool !hy ;tho bedside: of Tommy Idol, the cobbler; aud the cobbler is.: in bed, as he always is in the wiuter-time.'. Angel is striving,with'not much success,'but with any amount of 'patteiice,if to' learn-the art and mystery 'of 'translating old boots: and shoes into, new oiies. Old. Tommy. Idol.is' hard ivt it too. He is a-bed, but a long ;way from taking his ease. . He is, more thaii' middle-aged, and wrinkled,, aiid' his faco is' not over clean ; and his stubbly board bristles;, black and gritty looking, and his eyes are so weak, that lia is obligod to wear spectacles, and the pair lie has on are of a large size, and have horn rims. Tommy's gnarled old hands' are- wax staiiied, and his hairy alius are bare to the elbow ; aiid lie sits up in bed patching and sewing, and tinkering and hammering, with a board before him, on which are strewn the implements of his trade," and with his unfortunate lower extremities beneath the bed-clothes. > It is, however, not eccentricity that is ac countable for this odd' arrangement; _ it; is rheumatism. Ho is so fiercely beset by that' savage .affliction, that it'.lies in wait for him in every dranght or chilly gust of wind ; arid ; if he attempted, in th-j'winter time, to get' about as other people, do, the rheuuiatisui would seize on his uilhappy members as though tho wind ware a terrier of the most pugnacious breed, and the legs a couple of rats, and gnaw and worry them so that he would be condemned to most awful agouies, and for a week after be unable to set a stitch, let alone drive a hobnail. It is winter now, and the wind is in the east, as is shown by the duii-coloured flakes of snow that drive against tlie \virido\y, and hiss in the cinder lire. No fear of the chimney being sot on (ire from that grate ! : Let Mother Idol alone for that ! A .hard-fisted, heartless, wicked old woman as ever lived is Mo.ther.Jdol; and though poor Old Tommy is lier husband, and afflicted, she would keep liiuv without a fire altogether, and food as well, for that matter, only by doing so alia'would lose his earnings, which are as good as a guinea a week at least to her. 'To be snre, there was the little boy, and, though he never made any com plaint, it was plain enough that lie would have felt all the iuore comfortable f<ira cheer ful fire to warm his well-nigh shoeless feet and his narrow shoulders, about which hung so .squarely his little tattered jacket. In deed, on this particular afternoon, although tho kind-hearted, bedridden cobbler iiad in sisted on his small journeyman wearing an old waistcoat of his as an overcoat, it was such bitter weather, that when his wife looked in to inquire of her helpless husband whether he would like tho luxury of a penny herring with his tea, Old Tommy civilly called her attention to the child's shivering condition, and suggested au additional shovelful of liriug. Mother Idol flew into a violont passion at once. Was she, she de manded to know, to stint the lire at which her own iiesh and bjood was sitting, to pam per an unprofitable Utile wretch like him i Aud then, swearing that she would warm him if he wasn't hot enough, she fell to pummelling Angel's poor little carcase with hor bon}' lists, until Old Tommy declared that if she did not leave the boy alone he would not do another stitch of work that day. " You'll be the death of the poor chap one of those days,"groaned the little cobb er(who, oven if he had been possessed of the use of all his limb.-s, would have boon no match for his muscular spouse. " What with starving and whacking, I wonder he hasn't died years ago." '. No such luck," snapped the virago bit terly ; "ho ain't got the spirit to take to hoarL anything that is done to him, a meek faced young imp ; I believe that if you cut him up like eels is cut up, there'd be life left in every wriggling little bit of him." And exasperated by his hateful living presence, she made another dash at him, to avoid which the child lledin affright from tho room. Mother Idol closed tho door and turned the catch with such ominous expression of countenance, that tho little cobbler, iu won der and alarm, asked what was the matter. " Matter enough," replied his wife. " You forget what to-morrow is, I suppeso !" '. It's Tuesday, isn't it i" he replied inno cently ; and then, catching a gleam of sudden enlightenment from the meaning in her hard face, he hastily added, " Lord ' I had quite forgotten it, though it's a sin o' me to say so. To- morrow'll be the 20th of December, sure enough, and my poor little chap's eighth birthday. Will that precious 1 Guardian,' as he calls himself, come this time, or send, I wonder !" " He's coming," the old woman replied shortly. " Oh ! he's coming; you're sure of that, I sunpose I" Aud though he spoke with affected indifference the old cobbler was glad, by bending over tho shoe-sole he was engaged on, to hide his dismayed faco. '; He writes to tell me so. Here is the 1 -jttcr, cuss him !" continued tho spiteful old hag, stamping her foot. " When I read what he said, I felt that it would be a pleasure to stuff the 1 litter down his throat, and make an end of him that way." . . " Down the writer's throat ? Ah, my dear, I ain't a murderous kind o' man, I trust; but I don't think that I sh-uld die of grief if you did it." And the old cobliler tugged hard at his wax-mid s - "You know- nvliatj I< .meanr-^dowii your precious* Arigy's throat; He's-- made me B w al 16w-'wiT^^iSBKf^t^6lbi6'e'r;:P vo be en plagued:withihinij -bnt never!sqj bitter a pill as'Tie's- causing jinie.-'toy swaller, now. And you're a well oil'man;1 yoit.arej; to make a joke of losing fifty'pounds,--^letting it go past you as clean as though yoii let it: slip through a hole in your pocket. Arid you bedrid; and a burden !uid:,a!iuciiilibranco'!to! ill! who knows you: v ." I shouldri'kwonder; niy dear," returned the rheumatic:pid"c(>Ublei-f meekly, if" it (is ? that what makes-nie, have, a tendef kind (if feehnL.for.ithe :wealc ,and:.helpless: .,:i doii't kno w ? as :it'd.iliarinfill; i! leastways,! : J ?neyer /onnd it so."!; ' T:? ?? j .i j' But'you would if you wasn?t ) so ( beastly: ? selfish;" snapped' Mother-Idol. -V'-!:Ybu aiu!ti like me." > "i striking rejoined1 the': old ffibi[>afe-l-5tii^_-letter; what' dbe3 lie say:about tlie'boyj ^ ' ? ' "He says just thi3.,and I'cU)]i't blame linn, returned the-yixeu ;v.':\lie^ay^,UiatJi.e:i3 sin;-, prised that.he- hasn't b e f o re; this i rece iv e d. t h e directed envelope;with nothnigim.itjChat >he. left when he wasshere last.'i ^ ««iyoi» n <, i * " Surprised' that he did receiveaii envelope! with iiothiug in it you must^neanr," remarked her husband whiitj'niy dear,', would have been the good" : ."rsn " \Ve/ understood;; a placlc-edged envelope it was," said she, jnth''an^iijjlyjleerat.JOld" Tommy.,. ",a\ " My Qo.4'.s!iyiyi'^ii/.yneah ^ i " ThatMiwliyiwJiiitielsejishQuid^I jmean j" Arid the wicked old .woman chuckled cruelly.-, " It was to"be a sign\lika>; aniLlie didn't gat it, ; After* what Itoldhim.'.of'what in the course'o' nature; was almost .sure-; to- happen in the'courser'ofthe tfextlt-hrots7'iriohth'sj; lie' had it right to'' i'ipecl'; 1 'Ha'S'-'.'fiug^y.^'lH^" says iiow, ' I^can'tfwait'uriy linger,;ibut"if it lias upt yet..happened,'"aiid.yo'u\thin£it likely to in ihe.eou'rse^of A few days,1'! wiil postpone' my visiti and-,thV bringing^ofitlieymoney.' 'If, it has not y.ct happen.ecL aiiu. is.^iot likely, to, I shall take hiin awayiat; price.'}'' , " TakediinYaivay ! take him whore to?" asked theold coBBleV^-lSSkiiigup in- unfeigned amazement. >rl jv fa.'. " Where to ?"< retu-rned Mother Idol,, with : nValicious'-scorn ; why; to arty one of ; the* hundred' places ready 'to'liis hand ifor him to 'pick frohi.' Yiju iiLUst iiot'suppoae' that - the ! 'wprld^is^made up_!6f^'cliickenrlieafted^nld niinies',, suchr'as!. youarojTTpm^Ido^ ,,pbunds7are fifty pounds, iii;'tliese^liar.d ! times;' "riiyi in an j apd.y.ou; .pugiit^^ baulk.us of it.";, Y^;'-J,,",j How.-have I baulked yoiuof iy'/'.the, old .miiii asked quietly, J : [?_.]: -ni is " How!?'':Yoii lcnow how; without asking. He'd-have got sick'iif it and died'long iiga if !.it hadn't beeii foryouriniikin'things'pluasant 'f6rhinil;";-,'u|!;^;'!'. ^ Old Tommy'wftgged liis Head and sighed dblefiilly. 'rHis .is. a i pleasiiiit life,; poor 'little fellow !' Lord help him !'" TheLord'U haye t'o," retorted the wicked pld hag.;grimly,:r. f'HarkV-m'e in this,-'ie'll want more help than you .can. give Inm if I, make a dead set- against him. -Bak ! yon ain't more fit to live.than lie is, you coward, when there's .fifty ppiuids to be made as easy as .that; and you won't make it.!" . An'd as'sho said "as easy: as that;'? she,. witli,!lief';boiiy finger and thumb,?? fillipped 'Old.Toiiimy's short clay pipe that lay on the board, and snapped it in two. Tli'e old cobbler regarded her stedfastly through his spectacles niitil' his eyes were so dimmed Jwith tears lie cpuld scarcely see her. ,-ii Atay iGpd fbrgivo'you, mother !" lie said huskily,;!"and'repent you' of the black thbughtSithiat'aro haunting you. I wouldn't . have'em on iny niind for all the gold you ieould'!,s.tow-''-in i that big cupboard in the 'corner. '? " ,««.You;4iji'S asked to have 'em on your 'mind;" retriniied' the old woman doggedly, you'^m't asked to do anything but mind "your' dwii, business, and keep your mouth ;shut,,whatever happens So take warning." ; And she quitted the room with her lean . forefinger, raised,, and an expression in her ; wicked eyes .that made Old Tommy quake ' with alarm'. \- " I'm afraid she means it," ho muttered to himself;-; a's beads of perspiration, cold as it was, broke ont on his forehead. " I have .;se'en!the: devil in her before, but lie never peeped'so; plainly out of her eyes as he did just now.' M j' poor little Angy ! I'd sooner lose^iiiy.ey'es,.precious as they are to me than/harm should come to him. Yet how :can a,-miserable cripple, such as I am, help him ? I dare not tell him all about it, and persuade him.to run away. Where could a mite like him run to, except to somo out-of the-way place, to lie down and die of cold and hunger. There's nowhere where I could tell liin'i to go arid hide until that rascal has paid ; his ' promised ' vijit : aud gone away again'!" ' And ill his desperate helplessness the old fellow cast Ilia eyes round the room, until tlie'y rested on the big clipboard in the corner previously alluded to ; and thou he gave a start; aud .remained staring at it, as though ill. that identical, cupboard was that skeleton which every man is said to harbour .ill his horise, arid lie expected every moment that the grisly spectre would step forth aud demand' its release. . "'To ihmk that it was for this that I have kept the secret for so many years," lie whis pered' .wider, liis breath, and still with his eyes fixed, on the dingy cupboard door, "ilidiii"! Yes, good Lord! for a regiment of soldiers if it was needful. But such an awful place! Dry as a chip at bottom, but so deep, so dark; aud he's such a timid little chap. It's but a poor chance-a mere ghost of a chance, as one msy say. Butstill-aha! who is that?" But his exclamation of terror was not oc casioned by the big cupboard door flying open at that instant. It was onlv Mother Idol bringing in his tea, and flinging the room door open unceremoniously before her. (To bt Continued ) 