, AUSTRALASIAN DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL ASSOCIATION. The fourth annual meeting of this association was held at the Café de Paris, Theatre Royal, yesterday afternoon. Eighteen members were present, and the master (Mr. G. Coppin, M.L.A.) presided. The annual report was read, as follows: "The council in presenting the fourth annual report beg to congratulate the subscribers upon the steady and permanent progress of the association, expressing at the same time extreme regret at their continued inability to make any addition to the funds by a benefit at the Theatre Royal This unfortunate circumstance is a most de- pressing contrast to the sympathy and liberality of managers to kindred institutions in the metropolis of England. It is most gratifying that Madame Ristori and Mdlle. Ilma de Murska have recognised the association by becoming life governors. The world-wide celebrity of these talented artistes gives historical interest to the rapid progress of music and the drama in this young colony. The Home continues to give support to the widow of a journalist and dramatic critic. It has also been the means of restoring a sick and distressed member of the press-with his family-to health and comfortable circumstances. The widow and orphans of a late respected member have also participated in the benefits from this branch of the association. During the past year several applications for assistance have been received from members in distress, and after careful inquiries relief has been given in most cases, The sudden death of Mr. John Dunn has deprived the association of an energetic member, and the stage of a talented actor. The deceased gentleman had taken an active part in the establishment of similar institutions in England and America. Mr. Milne, a colonial actor of long standing and respectability, has also been taken from us by death ; whilst the melancholy accident by which Mr. Millist IoBt his life has thrown a gloom over the past year which it is hoped may never again occur. The annual donation of the master (G. Coppin, Esq., M.L.A.), consists this year of 40 paid up shares in the British and Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company, Limited, market value, £100, which is gratefully acknowledged by the council. In closing the report your council desire to urge on members the advisability of exertion to increase our number, and to obtain donations, so that the subscription list for 1876 may far exceed the) previous year. Extensive work is required at the Home, which would be immediately carried out if the funds would permit. The council acknowledge with thanks that the funds of the association have been augmented during the year by friendly donations." The statement of accounts was also presented. The CHAIRMAN in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet said that, although they might regret that their funds would not enable them to res- pond to every solicitation for assistance, it was very gratifying to know that they were making steady progress towards the establishment of the association upon a sound and permanent basis. Upon reference to the report, it would be seen that the permanent fund had been increased during the year by £10814s" making the total amount £949 17s, 4d" and the endowment fund by £100, making the total amount £200 Is. 6d., giving a grand total of £1,209 18s. 10d. At sir per cent, this would give £72, which was a sufficient sum to provide a small allowance to the two inmates of the Home, and to pay the working expenses of the association. He had put down 0 per cent as the minimum, because the Theatre Royal was paying 10 per cent now, with every probability of an occasional bonus, and the iron mine was not a speculative mine, and there was every reason to believe that it would be a great success, and that the shares would be most valuable in the market. They had also a right to expect an increase in the dividends from the Commercial Bank, and therefore their income would very much increase. Of course their power must be limited to the extent of their income, but from the nature of the association, its receipts must increase, and the benefits derived from it be more universal, and, he trusted, more extensively acknowledged. Unfortunately, the balance-sheet for 1874 and 1875 showed no income from what might be considered a natural source from which the association ought to receive assistance, in., a benefit at the Theatre Royal. This was a misfortune which time would cure and he hoped to see the day when £200 or £300 would be obtained annually by this means. Tile Theatre Royal proprietary, as landlords, perfectly sympathised with the association, as members of a profession by whose exertions they had received such satisfactory returns, but a want of corresponding feeling existed on the part of the management of the Theatre 1 Royal. He thought it only proper to state what he had repeatedly said at meetings of the council, though not in such forcible language, that he fully endorsed the opinion that Mr. Harwood's conduct towards the association was unbecoming the position be held as manager of the principal theatre of the Australian colonies. It was reported at the council meeting by the sub-committee who waited upon him for the purpose of negotiating for a benefit for the association, and offered £100 for the use of the theatre, that Mr. Harwood received them in a very objectionable and unbusinesslike manner, and his answer to the secretary when solicited for a subscrip- tion for 1875 was simply contemptible. What a deplorable contrast such conduct was to the brotkerlyfeelingand the gentlemanlylibe rally displayed by educated gentlemen connected with similar institutions in England, The Era of December 12, 1875 stated, in reference to the General Theatrical Fund benefit " The great good done years' ter year by this excellent institution is fully appreciated by the profession at large, and nothing could more plainly show its value than the readiness with which managers and actors come forward whenever an appeal is made. In deed they do more, since they offer their services, their theatres, their companies before band and some of the pleasantest records we have to make connected with the profession are these spontaneous and kindly offers of assistance from those who, as a rule, are sufficiently hard worked in the performance of their own duties." Having referred to the great interest taken by leading actors in England in furthering the objects of the association there, Mr. Sothern having travelled all the way from America, and Mr. Buckstone 700 miles, to be present at a performance for its benefit, Mr. Coppin mentioned that a short time ago, the Lord Mayor of London was elected a trustee of the General Theatrical Fund, and in congratulating him on accepting the position, Mr, living said, " As representative in Parliament and at the school board, and now Chief Magistrate, of the first city in the world, the Lord Mayor's acceptance of, and continuance in office as trustee of the fund is deemed by the directors to be a signal testimony to its ob- jects, importance, and value." In reply, the Lord Mayor remarked, "I know no more honourable office, nor any more honourable part in life, than that of the actor. The testimony of to-day I shall place among those gems and recollections which are pleasing to me, and I hope it will go down as a heirloom among others which I have the honour of possessing to my family, and will be highly esteemed by them. I receive this testimony from your hands with very great respect, and in the words of that great master of your art I say to you .' ' You're welcome. moBtors-wolcoms as! I am glad to see the word Welcome, good Mends,' " Mr. Coppin then went on to notice the establishment of the two oldest institutions at present in existence for the benefit of distressed members of the theatrical profession. David Garrick, in 1770, on the occasion of a performance in aid of the funds, delivered a prologue written by himself, from which he extracted the following lines : " Shan't I who oft have drenched my hands In gore, Stabbed many, poisoned some, beheaded more. Who numbers stow In battle on this plain Shan't I, the stayer, try to food abstain Brother to all, with equal love I view The men who slew me and the men I slow. 1 must, 1 will, this happy project seize. That those too old and weak may two at CASS. suppose the babes I smothered In the Tower By chance or sickness lost the voting power Small they, once princes, worse than all be served, In childhood murdered, and when murdered starved ? Am I, young Hamlet once, to nature lost 1 Behold, oh, horrible I my father's ghost, With grisly beard, pale cheek, Btalk up and down, And he, the Royal Dane, want half-a-crown! Forbid it, ladies 1 gentlemen, forbid It Give joy to ago, and let them say you did It." Having spoken of the high personages, beginning with the Queen, who gave donations to the institution at home, Mr, Coppin remarked that it had been said they had no old people in this country connected with the profession who were likely to avail themselves of the Home they were attempting to establish ; but he could enumerate several aged and well ' deserving persons who had passed away from them, as well as others who were still amongst them, to whom such a home would have been and would be a great comfort and I blessing. He' thought, if it were possible to 'erect the central hall in which the inmates of the Home could give ' instruction to' amateurs, it would be the means of contributing something very considerable to the funds of the institution. When they looked at persons in England who once held prominent positions in the profession, and who would have been insulted if once it had been hinted that they would require assistance in their old age, who were now inmates of the Royal Dramatic College in England, the pru- dence of providing against indigence, old age, and adversity whilst they were now in the vigour of youth and prosperity would be apparent. Last year he was so unfortunate as to offend by his remains a stock actor, a star, and a manager. The stock actor wrote in The Argus-" Some time during the month of May, when I shall be in a good engagement, I will place in your hands, sir, the proceeds of one week's work, in addition to the profits derived from other sources, and will guarantee that the sum total shall not be less than £40, to be used for the relief of distressed protea! signals, but not through the association," Now, he had never heard of this £40 having been used for the relief of distressed profes- sionals-(laughter)-and as The Argus never inserted an anonymous letter, it would be very interesting if they were informed why this £40 had not been used, or, if it has been, for what purpose? The star was Mr. Williamson, who assumed a very profitable amount of indignation, and declined to give anything to the poor and distressed of his own profession, because he (Mr. Coppin) happened to say something he did not like ; but promised that when he left the colony they should see what liberality he would show. Well, he hadleft-and his name did not appear on the balance-sheet Now came the management of the Theatre Royal, who were so much offended that he had made up his mind this year not to say anything which could be the least offensive to anybody. He did not look upon it as a compliment for the management of the Theatre Royal to give anything to the association, but he looked upon it as a right that persons who had made their fortunes by their brother profes- sionals and he would make it law that they should should assist those by whose labour they had prospered so well. So strongly did he feel upon this question that he had resolved to make the only amends in his power on behalf of the Theatre Royal. His. deed of partnership with Harwood and Company required him to act 125 nights in five years. He had fulfilled that condition, and now he had made up his mind not to play for 18 months unless it was, for the benefit of that association. Of course, he might not be required to appear again during the present lease, but if he were, he should make it a business transaction upon equitable terms, and should give the entire amount of his remuneration to the association. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. A. CRAWFORD seconded the motion. Mr. R. STEWART objected to the first paragraph, which found fault with the management of the Theatre Royal. When they heard what the deputations had to say as to what occurred at the interviews they would be in a better position to judge of the matter. Mr. CRAWFORD said the first deputation saw Mr. Harwood at the Opera-house, at the time Mr. Williamson was playing there, and asked him if he could arrange for a benefit, for the association, but be said, with the payment he had to give Mr. Williamson, and his arrangements with the Opera-house, it would be impossible for him to do so. They then asked if he could appoint any other time, but he said a star was coming afterwards, and he could not do anything till after the engagement Mr. STEWART said so far as Mr. Hennings, Mr. Coppin, and himself were concerned, they had no objection to a benefit taking place at the Theatre Royal, and he did not think the word continued should be retained in the second sentence of the report l Mr. PATZY said that, two or three days ago, when another deputation waited on Mr. Harwood, he said he wished it to be distinctly understood that he had no feeling, against a benefit taking place at the Theatre Royal, but that the difficulty he had to contend against was, first, in dealing with stare who might object to anything of the kind, and secondly, whether he would be in a position to pay salaries and give up the whole proceeds of one night without consideration. He said he was only one, and he did not think the whole responsibility should be thrown on him, but that if all the members of the management met together, he would agree to whatever they might decide, On the motion of Mr. Patey. the word "continued," and all the words after "Royal" in the first paragraph were expunged, as casting a slur on the management and the report was then adopted. The following officers were then elected Wardens, Messrs.. Coppin, O'Brien, Patey, Millman, Capper, Walch, Dampier, and Pannifex ; auditors, Messrs. C. Cavanagh and H. Cordell ; trustee, Mr. Holmes. The proceedings closed with votes of thanks to all who had in any way benefitted the association. 