THE STAGE. After six weeks of Shakspeare, Mrs. Scott Siddons, on Monday night, appeared in the I leading female parts of two works by other I authors,, namely, " King Rent's Daughter" I (Henrik Herz), translated by the Hon. Edmund 1 Phipps, and Tobin s well-known comedy The I Honeymoon." As Iolanthe, the blind daughter of King Ren6, in the first of these pieces, Mrs. Scottr I "Siddons fulfilled to the utmost all the conditions required Oi vue poio w uiiuu; iu wiuxuugui auu- i cessful. It. is one of the most difficult of 1 characters to enact, because, while the language I of. the dramatised poem is refined, grave, and j chaste, and. the incidents highly romantic, it I is yet, although a purely pastoral idyl, I full of naturalness. Iolanthe, in whom nearly all the interest centres, has to be. represented as i a lovely maiden, pure, good, trusting, tender, I and innocent as Innocence itself. That the | endowed the character with all these qualities, | that she invested all she said and all she did I with the attributes of grace, beauty, sweetness, j \- and marvellous skill, is only to say of Mrs. : Scott-Siddons what is justly her due. like everything else we have seen her in here, she makes of Iolanthe a creation of her own, at once harmonious and finished. It is impossibly .bjf mere description to convey a notion of her extraordinarily clever simulation of blindness ; but to those who have come into contact with the sightless ones, blind from childhood in our asylums, it is sufficient to say that she faithfully reproduces withextreme minuteness the pecu liar step and movements of feet and hands, and the thousand little traits that indicate blindness. She had not hitherto played a character that' afforded such aujoppqrtfiguty her versatility, and she did mora to enhance the high opinion I forrriefl M'UjSlW r majarityofthe crowded audience , qq trday 1 night were - deeply, painfully affected : by her performatii tras self-eividenl;, - and-l Ithis proof of her ®wer over the fCClings | | of others may be safely regarded as the best est i of her .ability as actress jaud ftrtist. , , f j'.j Mr. Daihpier plaj'ed the part: of 'Count Tristan | 1 very ablyi , except that he; frflled' to be emqtidtiAl enough..,! Mr. Appletq,, as Sir deoflby, was j also very successful, in the little hhA to do, as : was Mr4 Lawranoe <Ebn Jahia) and Mr. Bolton, I ; as "Sir Almeric. Of Mr j OTirien's King -Ren 1 1 . miist speak in terms of high commendation - it was simple, tender, and yet kingly iffd dignified. I The tender devotion and love be beara his blind daughter m cleverly and forcibly depicted, and. he supports Mrs: Siddons most ably. < The small parts of Martiia and Bertrand, the'fiithful I attendants on olanthe, . are worthily entrusted to Mrs. Btyer tod Mr. i Gladstone. ,I0 ; I To speak frahkly I Frould rather not have I . seen "The Honfeymoon"ohSaturdaynight.' When I one's sympathies f orthe lo vely Iolanthe's dire | misfortune have been so thoroughly aroused I tod;all the tenderer chords of the;heart played I upon, as this skilful Mrs. Scott-Siddous plays j upon them, it is a rude shock to the f eelings to o xuyqiPiiyo amci-wan ih <#119 I shrewish Juliana. Although like every other I ! part in which; she has yet,., appeared, she I i has studied it without reference to pre- I i decessors, and so created ont of her Brain a I Juliana entirely original, I confess I . liked, her conception but little at first, and thought j | it. too hard and abrupt ; but having carefully j watched her since, I have been forced to the.con- I elusion that her performance is as full of I cleverness as her others. There are ; numerous I arguments to be used in support , of the I doctrines site enunciates, whieh ; evidently I | is that from the outset Julitoa is so, in- J sufferably proud of her own beauty, so 1 dreadfully vain, and withal so violent in temper I as to forget even that she is of gentle birth, and thus m the opening scene to display a wgnt.J of refinement almost amounting to coarseness. in the subsequent scenes she .as: her old self I again, and. the scene where she throws the chair I at poor Lopez is all through one of the finest bits of acting that has been seen for years. As the I growing affection for her husband develops 1 itself in her breast, and causes the latent and j softer feelings of her nature to overmaster the 1 more violent ones, the change is made apparent j in a very effective manner, until the gentle | woman and submissive loving wife stands J | revealed in all her native gracefulness, j I ML Appleton's Duke Aranza is one ;of that | | gentleman's happy inspirations. . He presents I to yon a calm young signor loving, a woman so 1 I much that he determines to tame her, and does I I so gently and firmly, with a . firmness that never j I relaxes itself until ; the end is . accomplished. 1 I He looks well, renders tiie text faithfully, 1 j and as the most prominent male figure he I stands in the foreground in bold relief, j Mr. Dampier's , Rolando is an exhibition of ine numorous siae oi cynicism. : xt> is not i a real hatred of the. other sex that he feels,, but it is well simulated. Away down in the heart of the soldier there is plenty of tenderness . and it only needs the few simple arts used by Zamoia to conjure him into that state of mind j which ultimately leads to his undoing, and his 1 subsequent emergence from the chrysalis state I of sour bachelordom into the full-blown Bene- j diet. A pretty woman like' . Miss : Blanche I | Stammers most needs : look the part of. Volante, j but. when . in addition she plays it well, t it adds much to the feeling of satisfaction | with which , she is contemplated. I am glad therefore to be able .to .express my appreciation I of the cleverness of her impersonation. _ She is | arch, gay, and ripples over .with brimming fun,. and . apparently enjoys immensely forcing, her- j self on. the company of Rolando much to the- latter's disgust. Miss . Nellie Stewart's Zamora is also good, both as the disguised page and the | loving maiden. Sho speaks her text with a I clear fulness c£ intonation which is very I agreeable.. If Mian Stewart is ambitious, let her I study hard ; she has natural talents, winch only I require development in a good school to enable I her when she is a woman grown to take I a good position on the dramatic stage. I think | I if Mr. Taylor had but to come forward, brush a. 1 fly off somebody's nose, and retire, , he would I make capital out of it. You cannot! make a I part too small for him. Thus, as Lopez, the I little he has to do is done so well that he is | heartily and deservedly applauded. X am sorry I I cannot get to like Mr. Stewart's Mock Duke, j because I like Mr. Stewart, but I, am constrained 1 to confess my belief that Mr. Stewart vulgarises J the character, not burlesques it, as he shoiud do. I His dress too is inappropriate, and the parti- I coloured hose he puts on fit for a Court jester. I Scarlet stockings with silver clocks are correct, j not the negro serenader ones he wears. Mr. I Stuart O'Brien is effective as Balthazar, tod Mr. I Bolton quiet as Montalbto. J , On Thursday night Miss Blanche Staipmers hOOK uer iiUt/WCU UfSUXSUU \J1UU1 bOjllCl UCjJiUblUC i for England by the Somersetshire) at thel Theatre Royal. Despite the counter-attraction 9 of the ball at Government-house,; the theatre 3 was densely crowded from floor to ceiling, and the very warmest welcome was accorded to the pretty little lady who has, by her unobtrusive II talents and winning, gentle maimers, found ajl secure place in the esteem and regard of Mel-j bourne peoples. The piece chosen _ . was jj " Hamlet," Miss Stammers playing Ophelia and jj Mr. Dampier the Prince of Denmark. _ The play ! | went splendidly, , and at the conclusion .of the: fourth act Mr. Harwood came forward, and, in; a brief and appropriate speech, presented Miss Stammers (or perhaps it is better to. call her i by her married name, Mrs. Garner) on behalr of the managftmcnf; and a few outeide friends, with a very handsome diamond bracelet, and on behalf of the company and employ ts of the theatre, with all of whom she is a sort of petted favourite, with a valuable jewelled cross- Hiss Stammers, with much emotion, accepted the E resents, and', in a brief speech, returned er heartfelt thanha to Mr. Harwood, theladies I and gentlemen of the company, and, "above all, her dear Bind friends in front." It was men- 1 tioned incidentally by Mr. Harwood that Miss I Stammers's separation from the Theatre Royal 1 would not be a .permanent one. During wte I evening «h« was twice called before the curtain I bouquets smjl wreaths being showered upqn her. I To add to ! tiie attraptiyeness o| the oiasioh J Mrs. Scott-Siddons (for thevfii raTO- ' tona) appeared as a reader, selecting lor tiie od- Askdyj ' tod radtirn that part fher makes a collectiffi 'insiOff the tuAd for the repair the parish church, she teok 'tkeyhouse ; by ctonn' With her humorous readmg, and1 -at the conclusion she was loudly cheerod' tod called before the curtain. , At thfe GpetaJipuse "Jan" runs itslength along Dtti&g; the week some sflightalterations have- beefr riiade 'iin One or two of the scenes, but they have not improved its original repre sentation# , Mr Emmet, as' the: central figure, bears the great burden of the piece -on his Shoulders - aM bears it ably. As soon as Messrs:, 'Baker and -Farron: return from .Ade laide, which will be in a|)out a fortnight; they ! will shbteed Mr. Emmet, who will then start I'onJris-New Zea&nd; tour, \\! At SL George's -hall, tbeFakir of "Oolu holds 'his cabinet seances d la Davenport, mesmerically suspends his daughter in the air, and exhibite his feats of magic, to, l am glad to say, well- filled houses. On Tuesday niht he presented 'Ins patrons with a new ghost dramietta, written by Mr. Garnet Walch, entitled " Where ami? qr the Goblins of the Glen. " It is a well-written little sketch, and enables 'Dr. Silvester to pre- I sent a new series of' ghost illusions with good effect. - -/;i i Oii . Saturday ' ' last, Messrs. Nicholson and j Ascherbero gUve their second matinee musicale I to; their mends1 and constituents at their com- I 'bbdions mnrid gallery in Collins street. One I thousand invitations were issued, and as nearly I all were' accepted, both lower and upper galleries I W#TA nrnmlttH ""RVnwi n vnnmn«l L J- vaa w inmnyqi PJIUU ui vxrr the concert, was a grand success no less than three new features being introduced into it, namely, a new song, " Dear Old Words," Com posed for the firm by Franz Abt ; " Wait and Hope," words and music hy H. F. King, jun., Castlemaine ; and "The Rosalind Waltz," written upon Shaksperian airs by Signor Zel- man, and dedicated by him to Mrs. Scott- Sid- dons. The artists Who took part in the matinte were' Miss St. Clair, Miss Nordt, Signor Luisetti, Signor Zelman, Herr Luttich, and Messrs. Curtis, Montague, Jager, Chapman, tod Mr. Aseherberg. It is intended by the firm | to give another matinee shortly. . The Davenport Brothers have given two public seances during the week (Tuesday and Thursday) at the Town-hall. Committees of well-known gentlemen have been formed to watch the proceedings, the mysterious cabinet has been punched, and thumped, and measured, tod pried into, bat there it stands, an innocent- lookmg wooden shell, defying the penetration bf the keen eyes that endeavour to discover its mysteries. Nothing has been found out, and the Davenport Brothers and Professor Fay, who I think the cutest gentleman of the three, pro duce their manifestations triumphantly. Whe ther their feats are the result of supernatural |or merely ingenious mechanical agencies, they are none the less clever, and I advance boldly jbhe idea that they deserve great praise for their bkili in deceiving all the smart people. ! The third rehearsal of Sir Michael Costa's i"Eli" was held at the Athenasum on Wednesday night. There were nearly 250 ladies and gentlemen present, representing the choirs of the Philharmonic Society, the Metro politan and Deutsche Liedertafels, and nearly jail the leading city and suburban churches. The cnorai portions or tne oratorio only are Deing I practised, tod under the able conductorship of j jMr. Julius Herz, very rapid progress is being I made. The production of "Eli" will probably I Ibe the grandest musical festival ever held in this I jcity. ADAGIO. I 