TALE. black spirits and white. Bv FRANCES ELEANOR TROLLOPE. rm.. riffht of publication in Australia has been purchased by ' I' the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXVII. «I wish you didn't run away from me so often,' j said. Fl&fiS;®* ' ?'I have not run away. I do not run away ; that ^ is for cowards.' i ,iQh I know you ve spirit enough for an army of , woes real ancient Greek spirit ! But what I mean ?6 that you feel like running away all the time, and that hurts me more'n you think for . ' | She s'ood looking at hitn in a dreamy way, and . „--;*Vipr snoke nor moved. I 'Look here, Miss Nony, just eet yourself down there for one minute, and let me say what I want to say— if I can* 'Tain t so easy, but it's got t - be said.' CEnone obeyed him mechanically, as it seemed, and i seated herself in the large chair beside the hearth | which Mary had occupied. Flagge sat down too, but not close to her ; he sat so that he could look full into her face aB he spoke. But he did not avail him self of the advantage of the position, for his eyes drooped and wandered, and he showed symptoms of nervousness. After a few seconds he began : ' See now, Miss Nony, the chief thing is that you've got to believe in the truth of what I'm a going to say to you. It is the truth. But first I'll ask you a question. You're not going back to that schoolmistress, Miss Cribb, I'm told. Is that so ?' CEnone bowed her head. « Well, then— that's the first thing. Yes, that's the first thing.' He stopped hesitating an a confused manner, very different from his usual self-assured glibness. ' Why do you give that up r It was a living. You earned your bread, and something over.' ' I can earn my bread by private pupils.' 'But Miss Cribb's was a home. I wonder at you, Miss Nony, with your feelings of independence ? ' 'I earn'my bread here. I teach Rosamond.' ' w nat qo tne tjzernovics say iu it : ' What matters -what they say ? I am not account able to them— nor to you.' 'Don't flash out on me,' said Flagge, almost humbly. The flash had been a very bi ief one, for CEnone lalmost immediately fell back mto the dreamy languid manner she had shown at the beginning of the interview. 'No, I know you ain t accountable tome. But I'm behind the Ecenes here. I know these people. I know Lady Lowry's character, the real nature of her, as you can't know it, and I tell you that all she wants is to make a catspaw of you. She wants to know what the spiitits say to you; that's all. Soon as her turn's served, you won't be welcome here long.' Qinone roused herself with an apparent effort to answer him with some energy. ' I will not be cate chised,' she said haughtily. ' Why should you ven ture to speak to me as you do ? If I am alone in the ? world, at least I will take the benefit of it as well as the pain ; I will follow my own mind, and not another's. There is no reason why you should inter fere to question me — no reason why I should answer you !' ' As to your answering, that's as it may be. ^ As to my questioning, there is only one reason for it, but that's a pretty str ng one.' He paused for an instant, and his eves met hers. The latter did not drop, but remained looking full at him with a strange expres sion. There was a kind of solemn, self-forgetting in tentness in those eyes, and yet they conveyed in some indescribable way a sensation of lurking, latent dread. Flagge's gaze fell before them. He began plucking nervously at the silver buttons on his fantastic jacket as he proceeded — 'It.'fin Ykt*A+f*refrj-inrr VAasnn ? illfif flVinilf tllP nf rnnowBt. a man can have, I love you, Nony, and I s'pose you knew it afore I spoke.' ' , She seemed to draw herself together and grow smaller, like a shrinking bird, but her eyes remained on Flagge's face. ' You did know it, Nony, didn't ycu r' ' I didknow what you were going to say.' ' Guess there's never a woman that don't k now that secret before it's told out to her in words. But you're nonester than the rest, and you own it.' . ' I should have known what you were going to say, « 'whatev5r ^ n^Sbt have been.' 'Well — since you knew what was coming and i didn't stop me — I hope— I hope you don't altogether dislike to hear it, Nony.' MVhy do you sav it S' .Ue had been leaning forward to speak to her with . hU' elbows resting on his knees, but at this query he airly started back. CEnone was perfectly quiet, serious, and intent. Her face was white, ber widelv openedeyfes glittered. So strange a mariner of receiv 8 a declaration of love might have disconcerted a ? niassive-natured man than Flagge. It discou nted hitn. greatly. The first thing he did wa tto . utter a deep oath under his breath; itwaB merely Jf ^premeditated, almost instinctive way of ex- j P esBmg emotion, 'and lie was really moved. j the Lord above, Nony,' he said, 'I believe j „'?te a &ind; of sprite without human feelings I I ' nder does red blood run in your veins ! ' Then, r ^ instant, he burst out vehemently, striking his ched hand against a little table near him. ''Why heart ®eeaUEe it's been burning inside of my j 7 tius Jong time, and it had got to be expressed. sousJl?OUp^le^e, Nony' * don't eav but what at first I term ter y°u J118*1 because' you had a sensitive rneni ai^nt favourable to the mesmeric develop bpiJf j xv u were ' a good subject,' and I didn't go Gf attr j' ^T°t but from the very first I was kind to you, and that you were different in And 1u^uen?e 011 me from any woman I'd ever seen, twasn't long 'fore I found that you were just simply the only woman in the world for me. I j couldn't explain why, p'raps. There may be hand somer, cleverer, better-humoured girls — I dunno. But I do kuow that I never turn my eyes to look after 'em, whilst when you're in the room I don't only see von all the time, but I see nothing else. The world's just full of you, Nony ! Is that love or ain't it r Auswer, you ! ' 'Yes,' she said very faintly, rather foriiingthe word with her lips than sounding it with her voice. ' ' Why do I say it r ' Because I want you to take right hold of my hand and trust me. I want you to know there's some one in the world doean t look on you as a music machine, or a mesmeric machine, or a machine to talk French or German. Some one that'll put you first in the whole round earth, and all the others a hundred miles behind you, let 'em be duch esses or any other ? humbug they like ! I've had a rough life, and lived with rough men, but I know God Almighty's patent of nobility when I see it. There's some as don't, I tell you.' If Flagge had schemed with industrious cunning to hit on a form of flattery which should incline CEnone Balasso to listen to his suit, he could have found none better adapted for his purpose than this. The passion in his voice and his eyes was not simulated ; only there was a certain dramatic instinct in the man — a kind of imitative sympathy — which impelled him to become, as it were, an accomplice of all vanities and weaknesses and self esteem in those whom he wished to influence. His divining-rod was quiescent -near many buried treasures, but it seldom failed to vibrate towards a hidden fault. As he spoke, many varying expressions passed over CEnone' s mobile face. First the intentness of expec tation changed to disturbed surprise ; then two bright spots of colour dawned on her white cheeks ; lastly, there st *le into her great glittering eyes a dewy soft ness which veiled their lustre somewhat, but made them more wondrously beau iful than ever. There was still the o-d lurking look of fear, but it was xningled with compassion. ' Oh, do you really care so much for me ? ' she said, in the tone of one reluctantly acknowledging a sorrowful truth, and her face and her voice seemed tremulous with a new and adorable gentleness.' ' Care for you, Nonv ! 'When you look so I feel as if 1 could lie right down and die at your feet.' He was pale with passion, and leaned back in his chair pi easing his hands across his eyes. ' I thoueht you were not speaking the truth at first, and I liated you. I thought you wanted to keep your influence over me. I am useful to you. They say I am useful to you, and that your influ ence is bad for me,' said CEnone, uttering her genuine thoughts with a crude, almost cruel, candour. But still the softness of her face and voice was ex quisitely sweet, although her words seemed bitter. Flagge removed his hands from his eyes. ' They say ! And I s'pose you believe what they say before mer' ' No, n t now. I think you do not always speak the truth. But I believe what you say now. I wish I did not believe it !' 'Nony!' ' Yes, I do. If I did not believe it, I should not feel sorry for you. It is very hard to lore a person who cannot care for you. I am sorry. Life seems all sorrow, I think.' 'But it needn't to be! — not all sorrow. Listen here, Nony. The words seem just bubbling in my heart till I can't speak 'em. They kind of choke me. | I wish thete was one ward, one gieat full syllable that j 'ud say all I want to, and I could cry it out so as ! you'd feel it in every fibre of you. Listen . here : you don't care for me as I care | for you, nor you can't. 'Tain t in nature. . Well, I know it. I'm resigned toit. I'veliveddown in dark sorts of depths fathoms below your sphere. You're one of them white-winged kind of creatureB that seem as if they can't take a soil more'n a swan can. But you might take me up higher with you if you would, Nony. I know you might. You 6ay I don't always speak the truth — well, I ain't a going to ' lie to you, anyhow. No, I don't always speak the truth ! 'twouldn't suit most folks if I did. My aris tocratic customers like lies best — a deal best. But when ' they say ' that my influence over you is bad, they— well, for your sake, Nony, I'll say they are mis taken, that s all. Influence ! The fools, which way is the influence? Why, Nony, don't you see that I've loBt the power I had over you r' She started, and uttered a barely audible exclama- | tion of surprise. { *' There, I've said it, and it's the truth. I won't take it back, I could no more magnetize you now than I could magnetize that bronze statue a-horsebaek out side there.' ' How can that be r' 'I only know it is. I haven't said so to Lady Lowry. She thinks my power over you is as strong as ever. P'raps I might have deceived you yourself about it -for a bit longer, at any rate.' ' But is it true ? Are you sure r' ' Will you let me try r' He made one or two passes, but his hand trembled, and his glance faltered. CEnone s eyes were fixed on his, scrutinizingly. Suddenly Flagge dropped his hani and passed his handkerchief across his forehead. ' I can't do it, Nony,' he said. ' Your friends needn't be afraid of my influence over you. I guess it's my friends have got to be afraid — or would be if I had any.' There was an appeal to her compassion in the words mid the tone which moved her powerfully. ' I know what it is to be friendless,' she said. ' I have been friendless as long as I can remember. Oh, I don't mean that I have not found kindness— from the Czernovics and others. But Mends — that is dif ferent.' ' You've got one now, Nony. See, now, I ain't a going to boast about what I can do for you— though something a man that Iove3 a woman as I love y u I can always do to help her through life — but only | think what you can du for me! Money I know you don't care for, but I can work for both of us. I've made some cash since I been in this country. And I can make more. If you'll just throw me down one crumb of hope to live on, eveu if you do it no kinder than you'd throw a bone to a starving dog, 1 11 wait, and work, and you shall see if I don't make a home for you. Beyond seas if you like. Why shouldn't we go right away from all the lies and the humbug and the insolence of fools not worthy to loose your shoe- tie, and make a life for ourselves r Why, Nony. it you'd like it, why shouldn't we go to Greece, to your own beautiful country ? I d do that for you and more, if you'd only let me ! I ve a strong will, Nony, and I can be smart enough, too, with the outside world. I have been smart enough up to to-day to do whatever I'd a mind to, sooner or later. And think what I might achieve when I'd not rnly a mind, but a heart to it ! Let me take you aw ay from them all, and put you in a shrine of your own, and worship you. I know I ain't your equal. I know I'm ignorant of book-learning compa ed to you, but anyhow I've had mind enough to appreciate you — and that's more'n these superfine folks have got to, with all their education. Nony, just say one little word to give me a hope, and I'll wait, and be dumb, and patient, and not ask to touch your hand or the hem of your garment, until you give me leave!' CEnone was not made of such stern stuff that she was insensible to this fervid wooing. It is in the eternal nature of things tbat to be loved and wooed is so intensely swee: to the womanly heart that even a simulated love, a false idol, may chance to be accepted without question. Every woman has an ideal of Love in her soul ; and she will often bow down before his image carved out of base stuff, as a Spanish peasant worships some blackened tawdry doll, set up as a symbol of the pure and radiant Madonna. CEnone had an intense craving for sympathy and admiration, a fantastic pride -which exaggerated her claims to these on imaginary grounds, and a shy modesty which made her distrustful of her purely personal merits ; she nourished a secret romance of unrequited passion ; she was jealous, sensitive, affectionate— and seventeen years old. What wonder that this man's passionate words, made eloquent by looks and tones, swayed her as a reed is swayed by the wind ? There was no longer a marble coldness on her cheek, a proud gleam in her eye. She was flushed and trembling, and the tears ran down her face and glittered on her long black lashes. Flagge paused in the torrent of his words and looked at her. ' I never thought to be glad to seeyoucry, Nony,'' he said; 'but I thank Gtd that you do feel for me. You believe me, Nony. You can't help it.' I ' I believe you ; yes, I do believe you — and I thank you. I am not ungrateful ; but I am sorry — oh, so grieved and sorry !' ' As to gratitude, there can be no talk of that from you to me. As well expect ihe 6un to be grateful because we see he shines ! I don't flatter you, Nony, as 6ome might. I don t tell you you are the most beautiful creature in the shape of a woman that ever walked this earth. I dunno, scarcely, whether you're beautiful or not ; but I iove you, that s all. You've a power over me that no human being ever had yet. Instead of me controlling you, and drawing you, by imagination, or will, or anything else, it's you con trol me. You might set your little foot right down on me this minute. I'm at your mercy.' Again, no cunning premeditation could have taught him a tubtler appeal to her than this unconditional surrender. In her young ardent worship for all that was heroic, to be outdone in ir agnaniniity seemed to her a most grievous burthen. ' I wish I could do anything to show you that I am grateful, and— and— to make amends for having so much misjudged you, ' she said. ' I wish I could ! But for loving you ? 1 cannot.' ' Will you let yourself be loved ? I'm more than willing to strike that bargain ! Nony, won't j ou give me one kind word ?' ' He drew nearer to her as he spoke, and she shrank away with a movement which was all the more signi ficant because it was wholly involuntary. ' The kindest word would be to tell you to go away and never see me any more. I can never love you — never, never! And I would -give you ten years of my life— no, that says nothing — I would live ten years longer to make you not love me.' Her shrinking movement of repulsion, far more than her words, stung him so intolerably that he waB driven beyond all self-command. ' Do you think I don't understand it all r' he said fiercely. ' It ain't so much that you don't love me — I didn t expect you should, all at onee— as that you do love 6ome one else. You're just casting yourself down at the feet of that hulking Englishman, a fellow who'd think you ^ barely good enough to be a lady's maid or hired com panion to the women that have the honour and glory to belong to him !' *. He knew even while he was 6peaking the words that they would outrage and offend her, — perhaps beyond forgiveness. Nevertheless he spoke them, being goaded ty a desperate impulse of pain and anger. But when he ceased and looked at her, he was stricken with a sudden fear at what he had done. All the softness and warmth had gone out of JEnone's face. It looked white and frozen; and'her eyes seemed to see something which filled, them -with terror. And truly she did see something which terrified her, but it was with her mind, and not with her bodily vision that she saw it. She looked into the future as one looks down into .some dreadful gulf not upward, nor onward. Was this what life had in 6tore for her ? Not heroism and noble sorrows, and a poetic ideal, and self-sufficing disdain for the mean pettiness of the vulgar— whether high or low ; not these, no ; but to be coarsely ridi culed, or coarsely pitied ; to be exposed to hear the sacredest feelings of her soul discussed with brutal frankness ; — for who was she, and what was ber pla'e in the world, that men should pay her the hypocrisy THE LATE CARDINAL ANTONELLI. (See page 7.) of respect r— to fall fron her fancie 1 height, below the i level of the humblest woman who had father, hus band, or brother to protect her ! Morbid and overstra ned as such thoughts were, they were none the less real to (Enone. None the less did they pierce her to the heart. None the leas bitter and crushing was the mortification she suffered, because, with the egotism of youth and inexperience, she exaggerated both its nature ani extent. For although she had led a poor precarious life, — although she had consorted with nomad tribes of the artistic Bohemia— although her home had been for years ?with people whom the respectable of the world called 'vagabonds,' and who accepted the appel lation with a smile and a e-hrug, yet she had hitherto been as safe f en insult as the most daintily-nmtured lady in the land. Poverty she had known by her own experience : debt and duns she was faa-iliar with in the experience of thoBe around her ; sorrow and heartache had come as she grew out of childhood ; but the bitterne s of personal humiliation she had never known until that moment. The coarse, blunt phrase in which Flagge had spoken his thought, even more than the knowledge that he had the thought, seemed to strip her poor secret f all glory and beauty, and t ) leave it an object of contempt and ridicule. She felt as if her very heart had been bared to an in tolerable glare of eyes. There was silence for perhaps a minute. Then (Enone rose up from her chair, and moved towards the door. 'Nony!' 6aid Flagge, and he looked at her as if he were pleading for hij life, ' won't you speak one word r' She did not e en tu n her eyes on him, but ad vanced towards the door. But she seemed to move with an unce tain step as if she were dizzy. ' You won't le ive me like this, Nony! you won't be so right down cruel and heartless ! My God ! Yru drive a man clean mad. and then you punish him for not being in his cool senses ? ' She had reached the door by this time, and was fumbling with the handle. ' Listen, Nony, I take back what I said. I'll ask your pardon on any terms if you like. Can't you un derstand that if I didn't 1 -ve you desperate 1 should never have been driven to say what I did ! ' He stretched out his hand to detain her, but at the same instant Bhe succeeded in op ning the door, and swaying heavily forward would have fallen to the ground if she had not been caught by Percival Wig more, who appeared at the head of the staircase in the wake ot Lady Lowry. Chapter XXVIII. 'Hilloa!' exclaimed tbe gallant Percy. 'Miss Balasso ! She's fainted. Jove, it is lucky I came up in the nick of time, or she'd have gone headlong down the stairs os safe as the day ! We'd better get her on to a sofa here. And haven't you got some sal volatile or something ? ' What with surpiise, obesity, and the tightness of his garments, Percy was panting and puffing under the eifort to carry even Ginone's light weight into the drawing-room, when Flagge swooped down on him, lifted her from his arms,an-l placed her on a couch. It all passed so quickly that Lady Lowry followed them into the drawing-room in a confused state of mind as to what had happened. ' What is it ? Good gracious ? I can't under stand such extraordinary ways. It's a mercy that she didn't fall on me, and knock me backwards down the stairs ! ' And my lady, overcome by*the image slie had conjured up, sank into a chair with very decided symptoms of requiring the general attention to be diverted from (Enone to herself. Flagge remained en his knees besid ? the motionless fill, fanning her white face with a hand- screen, whilst 'ercy rang the bell and issued orders for water and sal volatile, and bustled about very zealously. ' I understand all about h w to treat a swoon. My wife used to be very subject to that sort of thing— atlaque de nerfs , eh ! Air ! that's the grand thing. Lot - of air, don t you know ? And just sprinkle the forehead with fresh water, sharp— like thiB !' And Mr. Wigmore, suiting the action to tlie word, flicked a conside able quantity of ice-cold water into the face of the majestic Lobley, who stood by with an official air; causing that functionary to start and gasp, to the det-iment of his dignity. 'Eh ? La, bless me ! Bad shot eh? Look here, Flagge ! It's no good dabbing her forehead with a wet handkerchief. Y ou must send the water with a ?udden dash, don t you know ? This way !' Lobley on this occasion made a skilful and hasty dive to avoid the shower ; and consequently Mr. Wieao e « efforts resulted merely in the drenching of the sofa cushions -a consequence which the ducal one found himself able to regard with well-bred in difference. All this while Lady Lowry was left to the atten tions of her maid, who, being a very superior young person, aud not inspired by the masculine eym. athy with girlishness and black eyes which Bof ened Lob ley's bosom towards Miss Balasso, was in the habit of treating that young foreigner with distinguished disdain upon all occasions. ' I'm sure, my lady,' she 6aid, ' you ought to lie down Do take a few drops of sal volatile, my ladv ! You have become quite pale. I think persons might have more consideration than to startle your ladyship in that sort of way, Mr. Wigmore ! Would you be Itind enough to drop a little sil \ olatlle into this tumbler for my lady ? ' Thus appealed to, Percy relinquished his attempts to revive CEnone, and hovered about Lady Lowry, casting, however, a sympathetic glanca at the swoon ing girl from time to time. ' Shall I fan you ?' he said to Lady Lowry. ' Look here, this is the best way ; you send a gentle current of air — so! But you don't feel faint, do you? You look all right ! ' ' My lady was deathly pale an instant ago, sir,' put in the abi.ail, with an air of innocent protest. 'Talk of paleness, Lady Ixwrv, did you ever see anyone 1 ok so paleaB Miss Balasso, poor li tie thing! Just like marble, Un't 6her And those black eye lashes of hers on her white cheeks — wonderful eye lashes, ain't they r' ' I think Miss Balasso has behaved with great want of consideration and proper feeling,' said my lady,, deliberately. 'La! but she couldn't help fainting, don't you know?' ' If she felt indisposed she should have retired to her own apartment. the has a very nice bedroom next to Mojre's ' (Moore was Lady Lowry's maid) ' and every comforts- And I think it w u'.d have been more becoming to go to it— much more becoming, than to upset a wh le household in this way, and to startle me as she has done. My nerves are not strong enough to cope with this sort of thing, I can assure you, Mr. Wigmore,' said my lady, somewhat loud of voice and flushed of cheek. ' Don't like my noticing the eyelashes !'' thought Percival to himself, with a complacent chuckle lie prided himself on his knowledge of the sex, and was quite con* inced that he understood all its little foolish jealousies. Buthe liked the feminine nature none the worse for attacbing so much importance to manly admiration ; not at all ! He was very indulgent. At length (Enone began to recover consciousness. At the first iipple of returning life which trembled ' 0 across her face, Flagge rose up from his knees, and moved so as to be out of her sight when she should open her eyes. She did open them widely and sud denly, but for a second or two she did not appear to recognize any object before her. ' You should get her some brandy. Her pulse is very feeble,' said Flagge in a low tone. The order had been anticipated by Wigmore, who, taking a small glass of cognac from Lobley, proceeded to pour a little of it down (Enone' s throat. 'I think she's coming round all right now/' said he kindly. ' Poor little thing! How d'ye feel now, Miss Balasso? Don't move. Lie 6till a little bit longer. Nothing to be frightened at, you know. Ju;t a sort of dizziness. Don't be frightened !' Htr eyes were in truth full of a strange expression of terror, as she looked around her as far as her range of vision could extend without turning her head. But after a moment she seemed reassured, for she closed her eyes with a little sigh of relief. ' She'll do now,' said Wigmore. ' Famous ! Oh, I know exactly what to do for any one in a feinting fit. Doo ed lucky I happened to come u - stairs just in the nick of time, wasn't it, Lady Lowrjr?' ' Dear me, you said that before !' returned my lady brusquely. ' Lucky, I mean, l ecauBe it saved youfroma collision, don't you know r *1 he poor girl was swinging forward as helpless as a log.' ' Don't Bpeak of it ! It brings on palpitation even to think of what would have happened if she had come against me. I know I should have fallen. I dread the effect on Sir Cosmo when he hears about it. It will upset him frightfully— frightfully !'' ' Oh, do you think he'll mind— I mean so long as it didn't upset yoti , you know ? Because it might have been worse, eh ?' 'Dr. Flagge!' cried my lad y, imperiously, 'where are you going? You mustntgo away! I wish to speak with vou particularly. I told you I wished to speak with you ' 'I will wait for you downBtairs, then,' said Flagge, pausing as he crossed the room. ' It would disturb her again to st e me ju6t now. I can't stay here. She —I— the magnetic influence juBt overcame her for the moment— she's weak. You'll find me in your boudoir, if you want me.' And Dr. Flagge went out of the Toom without further ceremony. 'Disturb her , indeed!' exclaimed Lady Lowry, almost breathless in her outraged dignity. ' I don't understand what Dr. Flagge means by this sort of thing. It may suit the Dableys or the Petheringtons to take such liberties, but I don't approve of it in my house. Parlicula-ly not before the servants,' added, she, lowering her voice as she glanced across the room. 'I assure you, Mr. Wigmore, I would not have had Dr. Flagge speak to me in that free and easy manner before Lobley for more than I can say. It leoks so strange !' ' Oh, bless you, Flagge don't mean anything. It'B no good blowing him up. He's a child of nature, don't you know? My idea is this— and I know s'mething of life— either make up your mind t- stand him as he is, or else kick him out— of course a lady couldn t exactly do that ; but v ou know what I mean '.—Give him the cold shoulder, don t you know ? Oh, Flagge's a very amusin' fellow if you take him in the right way It would be pleasanter if he didn't look quite so much like a galvanized corps?, pr'aps, but ? ' 'Goodness, Mr. Wigmore, how can you Bay such horrid tilings ?'' ' Well, but he does look ghastly, now don't he? Uncommon ghastly he looks to- day.' 'What is to be done with Miss Balasso, if you please, my lady ?' asked the maid. 'I suppose she can't lie here on this sofa all night.' ' Oh, don t bother her ! Just let her be, poor child 1 She'll come round right enough if you leave her quiet,' began good-natured Percy. ' Allow me, if you please, Mr. Wigmore,' said my lady, majestically. ' Miss Balasso cannot possibly be left quiet on the sofa in my drawing-room all the evening. Don't you think you could get up to your own room, Miss Balasso ? It would be much better for you to make the effort, I'm sure.' 'Yes,' said CEnone, faintly. Then she struggled ut-, and stood on her feet, looking round like a hunted frightened creature. 'Perhaps, my lady,' said' Lobley, 'we could assist her as far as Miss Lowry' s apartment. There's a good fire in Miss Lowry's dressing-room, and I think Miss Balasso would be comfortable and quiet there, until she's able to get up as high as her own roo n, my lady.'' This suggestion was a ted upon. Wigmore insisted on giving (Enone his arra upstairs, whilst Lobley fol lowed with the smelling-bottle ai\d a ph al of sal volatile, and, thus .escorted, (Enone was safely de posited in the care' of Mary, Lowry, who had been reading in her own room with Rosamond, and knew nothing of what had happened. Then Wigmore took his leave, receiving a very cool farewell from my lady; and meditated as lie walked homewards on the singular unreasonableness of the female nature when moved by jealousy. ' It's bo stoopid, too,' reflected the youthful-hearted Percy, 'because 6he's a devilish deal the prettier woman of the two. In point of fact that little Balasso ain't pretty at all— bag of bones, poor little thing ! My lady '11 come round in time. And she's really an uncommonly nice sore of woman. Don t set up for intellect, — in fact, don't bore one in any way. Sort of woman a fellow can get on with comfortably, if he only knows how to manage her.' Meanwhile the subject of these reflections descended to her boudoir, where she found Dr. Flagge pacing up and down, restless and agitated. ' How is she now r' he asked, as soon as he saw Lady Lowry. That mod 1 of a genteel young matron fouud her patience in imminent danger of giving way altogether ' She ? If you allude to Miss Balasso, fir. Flagge, I believe her to be very well, — and I don't feel at all sure that there has been much the matter with her at all. It's very interesting to faint away. And personB accustomed to public exhibitions may take that way of making themselves interesting, for auglit I know, when they find they don't excite attention iu any other way !'' Flagge was tapping his finge'8 nervously on the table whilst my lady 6poke, ani did not appear to give that undivided attention to ber words which 6he con sidered due to them. ?« I think you ought to send for a doctor to see her,' said he, looking up. ' Pray don't trouble yourself about Miss Balasso, Dr. Flagge! There is a gieat deal too much fuss made about that young person. And I don't approve of it. Why should ycu put yeurEelt into such a state, pray ? t-he isn't the first sickly young wojian who ever fainted, I suppose 1 ' My lady was hot, and had lost the polite repose of manner which it was her aim to preserve. In a word, she had become subject to that infirmity from which not even the genteelest principles can entirely guard ladies of her character— she was in a spiteful ill-tem; er. Her heat, however, had the effect of suddenly cooling Dr. Flagge. He became calm— at leaet outwardly — watchful, and celf-posscsied, as usual. ?? Well,' said he. 'I don't know as she s the firetj '' nor I don't suppose she'll be the last, neither. But if we're not to attend to any sick folks except when I they develop new and original symptoms, I guess t the doctors might as well retire from business and c take to coffin-making. However, see here, you'd t better have Nony looked after. If she got a bad j illness, it might be awkward for you. Folks 'ud be sure to say that the mesmerizing and spiritism had £ overthrown her nervous system. There's your sister- j in-law would be one of the first ; — and that hulking c major — and plenty more.' t 'Awkward forme?' said my lady, with* her most x stolid and wide-eyed look. ' I dont see that !' t ' Oh, but other folks would !' 1 ' I'm not responsible to anybody for Miss Balasso, £ Dr. Flagge. If Major Maude chooses to consider 1 himself her guardian, he'd better look after Miss - Balasso himself. I'm sure he makes a fuss about her that disgusts me,' t 'He does, doe3 he? He's wonderfully kind, i8 ! Major Maude !' e ' I wish he'd make up his mind to marry her, and take care of her altogether !' 1 ' Do you ? Well, I don't.' i ' Really ? I suppose you've no particular wish on s the subject one way or the other. But I've had s enough of Miss Balasso for the present, Dr. Flagge; 1 so, if you please, we'll drop the subject, aud proceed t t- something of importance. You were just - beginning to tell me, when we got up- - stairs and found Miss Lowry in the i drawing-room, that you had reason to believe s that Sir Rupert had actually made a will after that 1 unjust one that was acted upon, and which I never believed in ; and that v ou could put your hand on - one of the witnesses who signed that will. Now I 1 wish to know who the witness is, where he lives, and i how long ago he signed the will— and, in short, all particulars.'' i Before replying Flagge went to the door and opened I it abruptly, so as to catch any eavesdropper who - might chance to be near it. There was no one iu the 1 hall, however. The house was quite etill. Flagge ] stood for an instant listening, and as he so stood \ Mary Lowry's maid descended the stairs. Miss Balasso was much better, she said. Miss Lowry had kept her in her dressing-room by the fire, and thought that she would be well enough to come down to '? dinner at 8 o'clock. Then Dr. Flagge returned to the boudoir, close ! the door-carefulty, seated himself oppc site to my lady, with his elbows on the table, and ; said: ' It's just as well to have a clear understanding, Lady Lowry. I understand you pretty well. I know what you want, both from what you've said yourself, and from what the spirits have told me about you. But you don't quite understand me. And what I want is nat' rally uninteresting to a lady of your beauty and exalted fashion. But, seeing that what I wdnt has considerable more of interest for me than anything else just at present, and seeing, moreover, that you can't get what you want without me, why, I've arranged a few indispensable conditions in my own mind, and before going any further into the busi ness you want to know about, I'm just a going to tell 'em to you.' Chapter XXIX. The party that was assembled at dinner in Green street that evening was anything but a cheerful one. CEnone appeared at table. She showed great disin clination to be treated as an invalid, ani declared that her indisposition had entirely passed away. But she looked ill, and her voice was faint and hollow ; and altogether, as Lady Lowry said, it was very trying to see that white face opposite to one when one was eating, looking more like a ghost than a creature of flesh and blood. Mary Lowry was disturbed and ill at ease. She Buspected that Flagge was in so an e way connected with Gino ne's strange and sudden prostration of strength and spirits ; but her conjectures only had reference to his mesmeric influence over the girl. She had never conceived the idea of his looking on her in any other light than as a pliable subject for his schemes and im postures. Mary had not honoured Dr. Flagge with very close attention ; nor, indeed, had she been will ing to do 60, could she have had many opportunities of watching him, for ever since the ' spirits' had banished her from the seances she had enly met the medium casually Lra few minutes at a time in her brother's house. Rosamond was influenced by the air of general de pression in the faces around Her ; and of the whole party, perhaps Sir Cosmo came the nearest to being in his usual condition of mind. He ate his dinner almost in silence, but when the dessert came he began to talk. ' How are you now, Sally ?' he said. ' Better for Tour dinner ? Take some more wi e. Yes— nonsense ! That claret won t hurt you. Miss Balasso, you nearly broke your -bwn neck and my wife's too, I understand. Lady Lowry has been very nervous ever since she saw you coming down upon her through the air head fore most.'' CEnone looked at him with a face like that of a tragic Muse. 'I did not huit her?' she said. 'I know nothing.' 'No, dear, Mr. Wigmore caught you before you fell,' said Rosamond. ' I believe we have found out a reason for Wig more's existence,' said Sir Cosmo, holding up his glass to the ligh*. '1 have occasionally wondered what he could possibly have been created for; but now it's clear that his mission was to save Miss Balasso's life ' 'I think he saved me quite as much as Miss Balasso, Cosmo.' 'H'm ! Then there are two reasons for his exist ence. By-and-by we shall discover that he was indis pensable to the due working of the solar system.' ' I shall always like Mt. Wigmore better from this time henceforward,' announced Miss Rosamond, decisively. 'Really, Rosy,' exclaimed her father, 'that is very important indeed, and ought, if possible, to be communicated to Wigmore without delay.' ' Oh, 1 don't mind you laughing at me, Papa ; ' — her cheeks grew very kjt and red, however— 'but I think Mr. Wigmore showed a great deal of kind feeling this evening. I never thought he had so much heart ; he always seemed so silly ! ' Upon my word, Rosamond, I think you ought not to be quite so presumptuous in judging of— of persons older than 3 ourself ! ' said Lady Lowry. ' Oh, I know he't old enough, but ? ' ' Pray check that tendencyto sauciness, Rosamond! I assure you it is vulgar ! When I was your age I should not have dreamt-of setting myself up to judge of people as you do.' ' I didn't know I was setting myself up,' returned Rosamond. ' I'm sure I thought everybody called Mr. Wigmoie silly.' Sir Cosmo upon this came as near to laughing as he ever did; that is to say, he s riled with closed lips and uttered a series of little sno ts at the same tixe. And my lady grew angry. ' I know,' she observed, ' that Mr. Wigmore is not liked or appreciated in some quarters, Bimply because he is my friend, and because he makes me the first consideration in my own house. As to being silly, I can only say that I find his conversation most entertaining — most so ! And his manners have the stamp of high biith.' Lady Lowry, with these words, rosemaiestic^vT I ed the way out of the dining- room, but she Si hat she was not going upstaire at once «« v„ at?.^ ixcuse me, Mary,' she said ; « I have some t - 1 ;o discuss with Cosmo. I shall perhaps not b^w8 oin you in the drawing-room at all this evenin J ?- This prospect at once made Rosamond s S, ind brighten. And, to say the truth, K leat , eared to receive the intelligence with coiisideS sheerfulness. She went upstairs with the two Srii ind my lady proceeded to Sir Cosmo's private den ? vhich he was in the habit ot smoking and stud ? ;he sporting papers. By an odd perversity of tHn«S whereas Lady Lowry's stepdaughter and sister in l I leemed not ill- pleased to get rid of her comn^v Lady Lowry s husband displayed some diasatufar?;!,' it the prospect of having it. n 'Can't you say your say by and by, Sally ho isked. ' Let me smoke my cigar in peace You tlways make no end of a fuss about not bein-* ahlo itand tobacco smoke.' ° Dle to But my lady declared that she could not and ivould not, put off the saying of her Bay to such an ndefinite period as ' by and by.' As to the tobacco imoke, she would endure it ; stipulating only that it ihould proceed from some Russian cigarettes which ier husband had, and not from a large and strone smelling cigar. Sir Cosmo threw himself into a jhair, with an expression of countenance compounded )f a strong inclination to rebel, a lazy conviction that twasn't worth while, and an attempt to make it ipp ear that he was having his own way and not beine 'orced into taking any one else's. 6 Then my lady, having settled herself in an arm ;hair as comfortably as circumstances would permit began to narrate all that Flagge Lad said tD her that afternoon. ' Now it's no use, Cosmo, your making light of it and turning up your nose, this time. Ti.e thin' is a great deal too serious. You see there was a will made sifter that wicked one— poor old gentleman, I ought not to say 'wicked,' though, for I'm sure he was played upon shamefully ! — and the will was wit nessed here in London, and the question now is Where is it r' said my lady, summing up breathlessly! ' The question is, rather, — Is it at all ?' ' No, Cosmo. I'm as sure that that will was made as that I'm sitting here !' Sir Cosmo was undeniably impressed by what his wife hai told him. He had for some time past been allowing hiB avarice to gl- at over the idea of possess ing Lowry Place and the twelve thousand pounds bequeathed to Mary. Sarah's strong faith infected him against — or at least without — his will But he kept up a semblance of incredulous indifference. ' Who gave this precious information to Flange? How did he come by it i' he asked with a sniff, ° ' The spirits gave it to him, Cosmo.' 'Fudge!' 'And lhev had told him all manner of thing* about Sii1 Rupert which he couldn't possibly have known or heard from any mortal. Why, when he haB mesmerised Miss Balasso, Cosmo, she has de scribed Lowry Place, and the dog, and Marj's room there, and the walnut- wood writing-desk, and every thing, most wonderfully ! And he says that it's chiefly Sir Rupert's spirit who communicates the information to her in her sleep. I suppose you don't think Miss Balasso— the Peppiats' favourite Miss Balasso — is an imp stor, if you doubt Dr. Flagge.' ' The Peppiats are exactly the sort of people to he taken in by anybody, for that matter ! But granting she's not an impostor, of course she only repeats wha°'8 in Flagge's mind when she's in this mesmeric, cataleptic, or whatever-you-call-it condition. How ever, all that doesn't matter a straw. The thing is, has this man got some real information, however he came by it, or has he not ?' ' He has got some real information, and the spirits gave it him,' persisted my lady, with her own unas sailable dogged firmness. ' H'm ! But as to his terms, you know, they're pre posterous.' ' They're rather dear, Cosmo. But if we got what he promises, it would be worth our while.' ' I'm not going to buy a pig in a poke. I don't believe in his spirits, and so I should tell him plainly if I spoke to him. And I think that perhaps the better way would be for me to speak to him.' When her husband said this, Sarah felt that she had gained a great victory ; for nothing short of some measure of belief in Flagge's revelations wouldhave got so much the better of Sir Cosmo's natural and habitual indolence as to induce him to offer such a suggestion. She feared, indeed, that he might offend the medium by scoffing at his supernatural pretensions ; but she reflected on the other hand that Flagge had shown himself eager to drive a bargain with her for further information, and her intelligence accepted the con clusion that he would not allow himself to be baulked of his puipose by anything so flimsy as fine feelings, She therefore encouraged her husband's idea, and urged him to visit the medium without delay. Sir Cosmo 'jibbed ' a little at this. The coercion of immediate action was always galling to him ; and he began to repent of his incautious words when he found that his wife had intended him to carry them out. However, my lady was not easily baffled, and she did not leave Sir Cosmo to solitude and his cigar until it had been arranged between them that he should drive to Flagge's lodgings immediately after breakfast on the following morning. ' I shall tell Lobley to order the brougham for 10 o'clock, Cosmo,' said she. And her nusband, at* though he mu tered Bundry ana hemas against the brougham, and Lobley, ana Flagge, and things in general, felt that there would be no escape for niHii and tacitly acquiesced in the arrangement. As he was rolling down to Howard Building®! Strand (where Mr. CAuickit's house was situated), tne next morning, Sir Cosmo found his nervous system rebellious even to the soothing influence of a cigar. He called himself a fool for embarking in such a busi ness at all. And he prefixed an epithet to the w®r 'fool' which was the measure of his mental ais- turbance. Sir Cosmo was one of those persons w find Btrong language almoBt as efficacious in worlunjj off their passion, whenever the passion begins to ? over — in getting rid of superfluous steam, in sno as strong action. He was not likely to kick a man, him be offended never so grievously, but he was preny sure to lash out hard with his tongue, even fo offence which might not be very grievous. Avouej of oaths had greatly relieved his pent- up feelings time he had reached Howard Buildings. And he alighted on Mr. Quickit's doorstep he was, « m quite at his ease, at all events to all outward app ance as coolly disagreeable as usual. . , d0 He declined to send up his card when invit so by the slatternly maid- serrant who opened door, but told the girl to say that a gentleman Green- street wished to have a few minutes c mth Dr. Flags,, ™ hf.' gct S s' instant, but Bhe was impressed by th®J^e _^th a Cosmo's having arrived in a private y 0f servant in livery ; and, moreover. a rapKl es the baronet had convinced her that this ™^®fgmost and boots were not as the gloves peaied visitors to Howard Buildings. Goodclothes^pp ^ to the feelings of this slatternly y0UJl£. saperiors. no less cogency than to the feelmgs of Adding She setoff to the well-dressed gentlf®'£Ld beriip without farther parley. Sir Cosmo folio ? ~ . . jnd -when she opened the drawing-room the ?»»'? d'left it gijghtly open, he could see and hear Spa^edj litting at a round table covered with the ? ? of breakfast' He wore a large and showy re°aweown of Bilk, -wadded and quilted. But his drying' is iQ-vg and his unshaven chin were not in w160.® with this smart garment. He held a half cigar between his finger and thumb, but it ' ot alight ; and his whole expression and attitude satstaring at the fire denoted listless despon ^There's a gentleman wants to see you, Dr. n » *' said the maid-servant, walking close up to Flag?'. Who is he, and what does he want r' u Well he wouldn't give his name, but said he was nartv from Queen- street. 1 think he's a reg'lar ,P jje come in a private brougham with a livery and his boots is as shiny as shiny,' returne 1 h damsel, unconscious that the subject ot this LwrvwaB so near her. ii I don't know anybody from Queen- street,' began Flagge, when Sir Cosmo advanced into the r°'Good morning,' said Sir Cosmo, curtly. 'Sorry 4 j.-criirb vou. but I should like to have a word or you. I shan't keep youlong.' Flacee had only seen the baronet once before, but J wwoenized him immediately, and rising from his Lit held out his hand. ' Sir Cosmo ! How do you do ? I hope her lady hip is well- Please to take a chair right here beside the fire, won't you r ' 'Sir Guzman,' muttered ihe maid- servant to herself as she shuffled down the kitchen stairs, making a rhythmic tattoo with one slipper down at heel. ' I knowed he was a swell.' -« What can I have the honour of doing for you, Sir Cosmo Lowry?-' asked Flagge when the door was closed. He spoke in his habitual melancholy tone, with that peculiar inflection of remonstrance in it which has been noted before in these pages. 'I'm af aid it's very doubtful whether you can do anvthing for me, Mr. Flagge, but my lady thinks you can' replied Sir Cosmo, with a sniff intended to imply that his words were to be acce ted jocosely. ?'Lady Lowry's a lady of uncommon powers of mind, fir Cosmo. I guess you'd better think as she thinks. You won't go far wrong at that.'' -i H'm ! Well — I suppose— of course you know what I've come for, Mr. Flagge r ' i 'Well, I know a good many things, Sir Cosmo— j that's a fact. But I'm not sure as I'm able to define j exactly what your motive for coming here this morn ing is ; no, sir.' 'H'm! Ha!' Sir Cosmo crossed one leg im patiently over the other. 'That means you don't choose to speak first. I suppose I'd better state the thing in plain words, then.*' 11 Why, I do suppose it might be conducive to a mutual understanding between us, Sir Cosmo.' ' Well, then, in plain words, you have professed to my wite that you have certain information about a will made by my late father subsequently to the will which has been proved and acted upon. Y ou profess that you will be able to obtain fuither information on the subject, and for obtaining that information, and j communicating it to us, you ask a sum of money. Is that a coirect statement ? ' 'Ib'lieve it ain't far wrong, Sir Cosmo.' 'You're not fond of plain 'Yes' or 'No,' Mr. Flagge?' ' Well, sir, there's a baldness about 'em ; yes, sir.' Sir Cosmo was considerably taken aback by the cool simplicity of this reply. He had an uneasy mis giving that he was being laughed at and a strong de sire not to betray that misgiving, which together made him uncomfortable. ' I presume you are aware that in asking money f r any such information you are advancing the quite monstrous and untenable theory that you have exclusive and secret means of obtaining that information ?' said he, almost snappishly. Flagge smiled. ' Well, Sir Cosmo Lowry,' said he, slowly, ' if that theory's so monstrous, it seems a'most a pity to t ave put yourself to the trouble of driving down here just to say so, don't it r' This time Sir Cosmo was quite sure that he was being laughed at. '1 tame here, Mr. a— a — Flagge, in compliance Kith Lady Lowry's wish ? ' ' Well, that's an amiable motive, anyhow.' ' And because I don't think she's fitted to deal with —with gentlemen of your remarkable acuteness.' M Well now, I wouldn't say so myself. Lady Lowi-y has a veiy good notion of making a deal, sir. I.adies very often have.' ' Of course you know that I don't believe in your spirits.' 'I guessed you might be a likely sort of gentleman to disbelieve.' ' I take that as a great compliment to my common sense! No, I don't believe in the spirits at all. There fore, you see, when I am told that such and such in formation has been communicated by the spirits, the first question I ask 1b, ? Has the information been gives at all ?' ' 'Just so; and not being able to resist the belief that I've got some information — let me have come by it how I may — you get up a little earlier than usual one fine morning to come and find out if you can *hat it is that I know, and whether my knowledge is worth buying, or whether you can't get at it for nothing, which would be best of all.' K'^r? ca,I1»e 80 near beinS an accurate statement of Cosmo's sentiments on ihe subject as for the inoment to disconcert hitn. Moreover he did not at «1 relish being talked to in this free-and-easy manner y a person like Flagge. But he said to himself that *e cannot handle pitch without certain disagreeable consequences ensuing ; and that he (Sir Cosmo) knew |ne world a great deal too well to waste time in assert 8 his dignity to a fellow of that sort. My good sir,' said Sir Cosmo, ' excuse me for aying that I think you carry hocus-pocus a little too ar.^ Hocus-pocus has its advantages, and when the jPulta a*e in question no doubt it is indispensable. ut as to making a mystery about whether Sir wpert Lowry caused a will to be witnessed in Lon don a certain day or not— I assure you this is a f country if policemen, and newspapers, and so Jth, and there can be no difficulty in verifying such subject ^ t*lat w^out troubling the spirits on the pin you wouldn't have got so far as the be jry1? °f an idea that there was another will made ?Mmdon if it hadn't been for the spirits,' returned ' 8^r^ng the palm of his hand on the table, how n?w you've got the idea I should like to know easL y°u're going to verify it. If it's so uncommon I wonder you took the trouble to come here at Ilfi» VC ? mi to gratify your curiosity, Mr. in o f 6 tteana ^ should take to verify the fact in & tv*11 woa^ be simply to put an advertisement *-sii7 s» begging any one who witnessed such a Th-° C°me forward' ttenr VaS a sudden inspiration suggested by his own inetZ-IV. 'newspapers' amongst the thing to be «« W r? ™ Pro8aic country, bdoji ♦ i?*4 ^ere, -3oBmo Lowry. I don't Honef -Iv ''tocratic classes myself, and time is ' 'with me. I'm a child of natur', raised among the wild tribes of the West, and unaccustomed to the i trammels of conventionality, and it just comes to ! this : — if you've got any proposition to make, 1 11 be happy to listen to you ; if not, it don't matter one ? to me what you do !' With that Flagge re-lit his cigar, and began to smoke with long, vigorous puffs. ' This was by no means the kind of tone which Sir Cosmo had looked for. He had expected to find a supple, smooth-touged charlatan, who would wheedle ' and flatter and try to mystify him ; and he had promised himself the pleasure of opposing . sharp, sarcastic speeches to the charlatan's blandishments, and utterly getting the better of him. But Sir Cosmo's weapons were useless here — needles against granite. Flagge's manner was rough and reckless. He had certainly never exhibited this side of his character at the man sion in Green-street. Sir Cosmo felt a burning desire to conclude the colloquy by throwing the coffee-pot at the 'medium's' head, and walking out of the room. Instead of doing so, however, lie said — pre- facing his words by a prolonged and contemptuous sniff — ' I suppose ' conventionality ' me ms ' civility ' out West?' 'Dunno but it may, sometimes. It sometimes 1 means useless palaver, anyhow. And as to civility — it seems to me that to come into a man's house I and tell him to his face he's a humbug— for that's ! what you meant, neither more nor less, when you said you didn't believe in ' ray spirits ' — is scarcely good manners. But I don't go in lor manners myself. '' 'To come to the point, Mr. Flagge— I think you ask to 3 much money.' ' Can't take less.' 'And then — you're asking me to buy a pig in a poke. Is that the way you children of Nature deal with each other in the West.' ' We call it spekilation.' ' It would be much cheaper to advertise in the Times, you know.' ' And cheaper still not to advertise at all ! That is, unless you expect to get a lump of money under a new will. Lady Lowry seemed to think that there was reason to believe your father had changed his mind about the way he'd leave his property shortly before he-died. However, that's your business, not mine. ' ' What do the spirits say about it.' ' They advise me not to sell my information except for ready money.' 'H'm. You're a sharp practitioner, Mr. Flagge. Couldn't one buy a sample r' 'A sample! You've had no end of samples for nothing, or at least your wife has. Ask her what I've told her about your father's life here in London. Not but what I guess she has repeated it all to you already. How do you s'pose I got all those partic'lars ? Or rather, for that's the main point— how could you have got 'em without me? I reckon you might have ' ad vertised' considerable of a time 'fore you'd have arrived at much worth having.' ' And do you really — I ask from curiosity — do you really mean to say it's the spirits who have told you what you know ? Is that the theory you seriously advance r ' ' I don't advance any theory at all, Sir Cosmo Lowry. My opinions are my own — my private pro perty, I just set the facts before you, and you've got to account for 'em best way you can.' ' And do you believe that a will was made by my father, Sir Rupeit Lowry, subsequently tothe one dated two years before his death r' ' I don't believe it, I know it.' ' That sounds very extraordinary.' 'It is very extraordinary.' 'But my father may have made and destroyed a dozen wills during the last two years of his life, for aught I know.' Sir Cosmo's hand were playing irresolutely with one of his gloves. Flagge observed him with a pecu liar feline nonchalance, like a cat sure of its spring. He was convinced that thenceforward the only ques tion would be about the terms ; and the result justified his prevision. After some haggling Cosmo agreed to pay him half the sum asked, on the day when he (Sir Cosmo) should be brought face to face with the person who had witnessed his father's will, and the other half as soon as certain information should be obtained that the will was still in existence, and where it was. No sooner had he left Howard Buildings than Sir Ccsmo began to repent of his bargain, and to feel heartily ashamed of having made it. He to be caught by a quack like that ! But he told my ladv that he thought he had ' managed the medium' pretty satis factorily. ' No song, no supper, Sally. If he don't give us information worth having, he gets not a farthing out of me. I think my money is pretty safe at that rate,' said S'r Cosmo. And then he began to consider within himself as to the best way of carrying out certain alterations in the stables at Lowry,, in case the house should come to him, and in case the new will should furnish him with the means of improv ing it. 