A' A' IKS1 OF TIIE BAT. The consideration of the Harbor Trust Bill occupied the attention' of the Assembly for several hours last evening. At the outset strenuous opposition was mane to the mea sure being proceeded witb unless informa tion was .afi'ordod to the .House as to the number of merchants aud shipowners who would have tbe right to elect members of the board of commissioners. Sir .lames M'l.'ulloeh in the first instance stated some- what nbrn'ptly that lie could not answer the question, whereupon Mr. A. T. Clark threatened to impede the hill at every stage, nnd commenced by moving that progress be reported. A discussion arose, into which a good deal of acrimonious feeling was imported. The motion was nega tived by ' a large majority, nnd Mr. Clark then moved that the Chairman leave the chair. After a protracted discussion this motion also was defeated. Mr. Clark next moved that the clause be struck oat, but was again beaten, after wbicli the bill was proceeded witb. The only materinl altera tion made in the clauses agreed to had reference to the term of ofiice of the com missioners, and it was decided to curtail the period by one year. Having disposed of tliirty-ono clauses of the bill, the House . adjourned. Muring the debate in committee in the As sembly last night on the Harbor Trust Bill, Mr. A. T. Clark asked the Government what number of persons would be entitled to vote for the three commissioners to be appointed under tho act by the merchants of Mel bourne! The hon. member received a very curt and unsatisfactory reply, whereupon Mr. Clark announced his intention to oppose t)ie bill at every stage of its progress, urging that the Govornmont ought to give such in formation, as the voting power of the constituencies constituted the vory ground work of the bill. When hardly pressed, Sir .Tames M'Culloch replied that he would obtain and submit to the House the information asked for on Tuesday next. During a most vehement speech Mr. bangton characterised the conduct of the Opposition ns unscrupulous. He also applied several other epitiiets equally liursh and olTensive towards the members of the Opposition without rebuke from the Chairman, without protest from tho Government, or complaint from tho Opposition. At a later stage, when the question of reporting progress was still under discussion, Mr. Berry re.; marked that some of the observations made' by .Sir James M'Culloch with reference to the stand- made by the Opposition were uttered to please two or three of the unscru pulous supporters of the Government. Sir James M'Culloch rose from his seat as if he had been struck in the face, and indignantly appealed to the Chairman of Committees to call on tbe leader of tbe Oppoiition' to with- draw tbe remark just made. The Chair- man, who was not oblivious of the remarks previously made by Mr. Langton, was evi- rlently embarrassed ; and after some hesita tion, he, in tbe blandest" manner possible, suggested that the use of the word unscru pulous was not in order. The Premier was evidently chagrined on finding that his paitinl mode of taking cognisanco of dis orderly remarks was not endorsed by the House, Tho principal clauses of the private men- sine by which it iB proposed to confer ox tended powers on tho Collingwood aud Fitz- roy Gas Company passed through com mittee in tho Assembly last night. Tho third clause was so framed ns to make it obligatory on the company, before erecting a gasholder in any locality, to obtain the consent of all property-holders, lease holder! and. oocupicis within a radius of 300 yards of any selected site. Tho clause relating to tho limitation of the price of gas wus read a first time, and, with other portions of the bill, was postponed for fur ther consideration. The clause relating to price fixes the maximum charge to bo made for gau, to be sold within a radius of eight miles from I'rincc's-hridgo, at "a. per 1000 cubic feet, provided that for auy one calcndar month, thu average wholesale price of coal, other than caimel coal, shall not exceed 30s. per tou. A penalty, ranging between £20 and JC.'O is provided for any infraction of this rule. A telegraphic communication wbb yester day received by the Government from the Mayor of Alhury, inviting the Ministry to the banquet that is to be given to Sir.ller- eules itolrinson iu that town on tho occasion of his Excellency passiug through on his way to Melbourne to paitake of the hospi- tality of Sir George Bowel) during the Clip week in Melbourne. Tt is stated tlint tbe members of theGovernmcnt, us such, will not uttfeuil ; but it is probable that a few of them in their individual capacity may accept the invitation.' Re.yeriil members of the Legis lature libVe also been invited, Mr. B. G. Davics, in tho House last even, ingp endeavored to explain his reason for having on the- previous evening HBked the Government "what might have appeared an unnecessary question." This wa3 in reforence tp the appointment of magistrates in the Avucn district. He thuught himself perfectly justified in putting the question, and, so far as hon. members were concerned, they entertained no doubt upon it, but Mr. Davies proceeded with his expla nation, which amounted substantially to this — That if magistrates had been ap pointed to Kast Charlton in the district he had not been aware of it. I.'r. Madden stated that Mr. Watson and Mr. Nankervill were the local magistrates, and they had been appointed in the usual course, both having property in the district. Tbe police -magistrate in the immediate locality was then engaged making inquiries with a view to'further facilitating the transaction of legal business at Charlton. The intimation ap peared to Satisfy Mr. Davies. The condition of the Parliamentary build ings, both interiorly and exteriorly, has long been a reproach to Melbourne' aud the colony. The frontage is most unsightly, and the Legislative Assembly chamber a cause of constant complaint on the part of hon. members. Nevertheless, no Govern ment seems to possess sullicient public spirit to proceed witb so necessary a work. Last evening the subject was brought under the notice of the J 'render by Sir Cbas. G. 'Duffy, who ashed if there were any objections to tiie appointment of a select committee to whom the question might be referred. Sir .las. M'Culloch implied by his answer that nothing was to be gained by tho adop tion of such a course. In 1873 the matter had been fully considered by a select com mittee, and tliey had reported that an expenditure of £!l0,0flf) would be necessary to complete the building. Again in lS7f> a select committee of both Houses, bad re ported upon it, and, judging by the result arrived at, it was clear that a very large ex-penditure of money would be necessary if the Government undertook to complete the building. He suggested, however, that the question Bliould lie allowed to stand over till Tuesday next, and he would, make in- quiries'in the meantime. Sir 0. G. Dully consented to postpone His question accord ingly. The following notices were Inst, evening tabled in the Assembly -Mr. Witt: To call the attention of tho Chief Secretary to the neoessity of proclaiming Varrawonga, on the Itiver Murray, a crossing place for stock ; and to ask if he will take steps to get the Said crossing gazetted. Mr. Pilryos : To move, that a select committee he appointed to inquire into and report upon an alleged promise made to certain selectors (Messrs. Young, Foy, Comfort, Wells and others) on the L'arrum Oarrnm Swamp, in the parish of Lyndhurst, in the county of Mornington, and to the statements of the said selectors that, under and by virtue of the alleged promise, they selected land in that locality and made improvements on the said innd ; such committee to consist of Mr. Moore, Mr. W. O. Sniitb, Mr. Mack ay, Mr. G. V. .Smith, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. King, Mr. Johnstone, Mr. 1-angtou, Mr. Biuhardson and the mover ; with power to call for per sons and papers, to move from place to place, and to sit on days on which the Honse does not meet ; three to form a quo rum. Mr. Gannson : To call the attention of the Minister of Bail ways to the loss of wool trallic from Stawell ;and to ask him whether in future lie will take steps to enable the Viotorian Railways to compete with bullock teams. The polling of the ratepayers of the town of , Brahran and the borough of St. Kilda on the question of tho proposed erection of gasworks by the councils of those two municipalities took place yesterday. Jn both places some little excitement ' was manifested as to the result, and this was added to by the numbers of cabs that had been chartered by tbe City of Melbourne Gas Company, and were driving about in all directions, carrying voters to the poll, or taking them home again after tliey had voted. Tho ballot-papers in cacli municipality were for or against the pro- posal! In St. Kilda the mayor, as return ing officer, announced the numbers to ho— For, i I'O : against, 540; majority against erecting gasworks, 350. In Prahrau the numbers polled' were — For, 321 ; against, 1507 ; majority against, I ISO, The utmost order prevailed, -as on all occasions where the ballot has to be resorted to in Vic toria, The council of the V.I'.A. met at the Fort Phillip Club. Hotel yesterday evening, Lieut. Christophei-3on occupying the chair. The business of the evening consisted of the consideration of protests aud other matters in connection with the'recent matches at the Emerald-hill butts. The protests were very few in number, and in all cases were satisfactorily disposed of. The amended pry.e lists, ns already published, were finally adopted. A disenssion arose as to the most suitable dnte for the distribution of tbe prizes .to tbe fortunate competitors, and the 8th of November was mooted ns tho date which will in all probability be selected,' but no definite oondusion wns arrived at, pending inquiries being made by the secretary as to the Town Hall being nvnilable for that day, and ns to the Governor being able to be E resent. The result of tho pool match has een arrived at, and the proceeds divided. Six competitors have been awarded prizes of £1 eacii, and twenty-six prizes of Gs. Gd. each. A case of fiscal conversion is reported to the Jliil/imit Courier. A territorial magis trate of Victoria; a pronounced and consis tent free-trader, paid a visit to Sydney the other day, and has coine back to Victoria a thorough protectionist. The reasons he gives for his conversion are, that there is a groat want of energy on the part of the people of the neighboring colony, and that lie found everything about 2i) per cent, dearer in Sydney than it is in Melbourne. Boots, he says, which can be bought iu Melbourne for £1 cost 25s. in Sydney. Alto gether the gentleman referred to is now con vinced that protection is more favorable to the development of enterprise and to low charges than free-trade. A fresh writ was served on the Govern ment yesterday in tho case of Merry v. the Board of Land and Works, in lieu of the one which wss on Monday last declared by Mr. Justice Fellows to be. informal. The amount claimed is £500,000 for loss alleged to havo been sustained by the plaintiff in connection with the Geelong railway contract. The Brunswick Borough Council had an unusually lively meeting last night, charac terised by great disorder and personal bitiliuuije, the occasion being the attendauce of n large body of ratepayers, headed by Mr. Wilkinson, who were desirous of pre- senting a memorial bearing the signatures of GOO ratepayers, protesting against the ex penditure of the borough funds iu the erec tion of a town hall, and praying for a poll of the ratepayers on. the subject. After much opposition, the town clerk rend, the same as follows : — "To the Mayor and Councillors of the Borough, of Bruos- wick. — Gentlemen, — The memorial . of the I undersigned residents and ratepayer of tbe Borough of - Brunswick respectfully sheweth— That your memorialists hava learned with deep regret that a committer of the council has been formed for the pur. chase of a site, and the erection of municipal chambers, out of tho ordinary revenue of the borough ; that, in the opinion of your memorialists the Local I ioveriunent Act never contemplated such a procedure and although providing for such works' the provisions ot tho act clcnrlv point out that a loau was intended as the nioilu to lie adopted ; that the pre. scut circumstances of the borough are such that m thu opiniou of your memorialists the expenditure of some £31)00 ou thorite, build, ing, fencing, and furnishing, and of improv. ing private streets in the locality, would be a wasteful and unwise use of tho ratenaver«' money ; that the streets, footuatbs and drainage of the borough call for iveiy shil ling of municipal funds at your command' anil your memorialists earnestly ask yon to take steps for tho revocation of the purchase of the Bite agreed to, or that the vendors 1» invited to alter the conditions of sa)0 to abide a verdict of ratepayers, as provided hv the Local Government Act. Your memo ria hsts respectfully ask the forcgoine to bo taken into your serious consideration and that tho Bamc may he done without delay ; and your memorialists," ,te. (>r Fleming moved its reference to the' Jems', lntive committee. He was in a uu«i. tion to prove names had been entered three, four and a half dozen times over, and the committeo could compare it with the rolls. Cr. Stranger followed in a similar strain, nnd avowed the action of the mayor to lie monstrous and degrading, which brought tlmt gentleman to his feet to demand a re traction. The demand was pressed by <>" Lacey, who warmly resented the aspersioni' declaring the ratepayers to be neitner forger nor Jierjiirers. As Cr. Stranger declined ta retract, and Cr. IJrce-e having expressed ha opinion that tboy were about on a par, the re- solution was carried by five votes to four' afterau amendment for its immediate con sideration had been lost. - '' His Excellency the Governor has accepted the invitation of the committee of the Kyne- ton Agricultural Society to be present at the annual exhibition of stock to be held next month. Ac interesting meeting took place nt Allan's music warehouse yesterday after- noon. _ It will be remembered that some time sinee a concert wax given and a com. mittee formed to enable Miss Lucindj Black ham, who is the possessor of an un doubtedly fine soprano voice, to obtain the necessary musical instruction to develop it. She was placed under the able tuition of Madame Lucy Chambers, and the meeting was called to show the improvement sne nan mane sinco tue commencement of her present trnining. Her efforts wen threefold, in ballad, cavatina and operatiii aria, tbe selections being tue song, Oft in the Stilly Night, Bishop's J„o ! here the Gentle Lark, and Bel P.aggio, from Semiramide. In the second of these Miss Blackbnm wni decidedly succesalul, and showed most posh tively that she has taken great pains under her present instructress. It is pleasant to feel that this young lady has now entered npon a course of proper training, and it rests with herself to a considerable degree as to whether she becomes an accom plished artist or otherwise. Very much credit is due to Madame Chambers for the great care which she has so evidently estowed in tho training of her promising pupil. Another of the roughs who attacked Con stables Brownlee aud Qnin in Madeline- street, on Sunday afternoon last, was bronglit before the City Bench yesterday. He. was a coarse, ill-looking youth named Joseph Tully, and on the occasion in question seve ral respectable people saw him hick Brown lee ou the head. Several previous cohvio- tions were proved against him, and he wai sentenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. A lunatic named Giuseppe. Bsnzonetti es caped from one of .tbe exercise yards at the lxew Asylum yesterday morning. He is re- ported as . dangerous, being apt to use the knife, and was admitted from Daylesford in July, iS75. The escapee is an Italian, forty years of age, five feet ten inches in height, of stout build and dnrk complexion, He was dressed iir tho asylum clothes, a dark sao coat and cord trousers. A distressing case, worthy of the attention of tho charitable, was brought under the no tice of the City Bench yesterday. A woman named Ryan, whose "husband died a few months ago, leaving her aud five' children totally destitute, applied for relief, as she found tho strain ton great upon beKW/. , vidual efforts, her health being . fat .fori good. The little ones were clean and tidily clad, and evidenced every external appnr- ance of maternal solicitude. Two of the'ia- fants were sent to the industrial school), a ?otbing else could be done to permanently assist the widow. The bench handed her 25s. from their own resources, and the mayor will be glad to receive further donations in aid of the afflicted family. ' The half-yearly meeting of the Villi rime- town Mechanics' Institute. was held on Mon day evening. The report showed that tha institute had paid its way during the half- year, but had been able to do little more. An effort was being made to increase the po pularity and usefulness of the institution by obtaining additional subscribers. The re novation and re-decorationof the hnllwascon- templnted, and still further additions pro- ji03ed to the library, which now numben over three thousand volumes. The repor and balance-sheet were adopted, and the retiring committeemen, Messrs. Halley, Pearson, Stephens, John Clark, Jnmea Beij and Drury, were re-elocted. At the liichmond Police Court yesterday, Walter John Dovan,a chemist iii Simpson'!- road, was summoned by his wile, Ellen Mary Dovan, to show cause why he should not l-e bound over to keep tho peace. De fendant did not nppear, . but sent a letter stating that he was too unwell. Complainant was examined lay Mr. M'Kean, and deposed that the defendant had threatened to mur der her. She ascribed his conduct to bit desire to induce her to leave the house, hut ,hc was resolved to. remain with her chil dren. An order waa made for the defendant to find two sureties in £25 each, and him self in £50, to keep -tho peace for throb months. Through a blunder on the part of tho local | ngent of the Australian Associated . Pren, o'ur telegram published in yesterday's issue, from. Cooktoivn, makes it appear that tin ocean steamer Jacques, late Vhampoa, liri arrived there from China. It should ntve boeii the , steamer Ocean, Captain Jacqca, late of tiio Whampoa. Iu the Equity Court yesterday, an actios, Brooinlield v. iinmmerfield and, othen, vu argued before his Honor Mr. .1 ustice Mold- worth. The question was as to tbe conitrsc- tion of the will of a .Mr. Tkos. Short, Vuc left certain property to a dnnghter (Mil. Wilson), who it however transpired waa deal : at the time the will was executed; and direr- 4 tioDS were sought as to whether the property . I should go to Mrs. Wilson's husband, aih» I next of kin, to her children, or to other pet- \l sons entitled under tho will. It alsoappealjjl I some persons were interested in the suit ww were not made parties, and his Honor alio""' the bill to he amended so as to include tbes, On the other qnestiou judgment waa it- served. Tbe bazaar in aid of the building fund o( the Albert-street Baptist Church was cou- tinned in the Athena-urn yesterday. Puimf the early part of the day the inclement weather greatly interfered with tho attend ance, but in 'the evening the hail wai orowded. As there are no rallies aud lot- teriea, business does not seem to progren jo rapid lv as might be wished, but a sale of the goods exhibited goes on, anil tell its own tale at the close of the bazaar- Amongst the more noticeable features of tue various stalls may bo mentioned a nnmWr of very unique and elegant ferneries, con structed in the form of a gipsy kettle eupv port, and ornnmcuted with virgin cork. I flower stalls are worthy of much attention, as in addition to the graceful fo'»» of the many choice floriculturul treasures that may bo purchased at reuiartauiy reasonable prices, there is tho satisfaction i at having your button-hole arranged I deft liDgers of the fair daughters ' ' who have charge of the department. DiuinS tho afternoon and evening vnca andinstyu i mental music serves t» render the I enjoyable promenade. \ csterday I Mr. P. W. Harmer presided at the org?» I aud piano. This gentlcu.cn is a new arn i» fn the colony, and is a. decided scqum M on uccount of his proficiency at but! j m it nients. In tbe evening Mr'., V'diieti Mr. Harmer gave organ recitals ua« with that instrument and -he The telegraph office aud the dissolving wis entertainment were both well patronised- The position of truant officer under I Amended Education Act appears to w I highly coveted, there being at Preu I fewer than 537 applicants, while the num I ber of vacancies is only six- I ables ia desirous of obtaining oil tt- I possible from boards of I oat tbe country in enforcng tho ' J pulsory clauses of the act ; a nd J addressed a circular letter to teem, J t„n arrangements they can make for drawing up school rolls of children residing in their respective districts. As soon as this information is to hand the truant officers trill be appointed. It seems that it is the custom of the Rail s'' department to compel the attendants on stock travelling by railway to agricultural shows to stand in the tracks along with the animals. Such a mode of dealing with customers is so repugnant to feelings of com. nion decency that it is singular the system should have been for any length of time tolerated. Air. W. C. Smith pointed this out in the Assembly last evening, and sug gested to the Minister of Railways that lie shonld abolish it except where the owners of stock- considered that it was necessary. Mr. Jones, howev.er, takes this view of the ques tion, that snoh persons have no right to travel unless in charge of stock, and the only way in which they can properly dis cbarge their duty is by remaining in the. trucks with the animals. A detailed report of the second day's pro- cpeilings at the Motional Agricultural Exhi bition at Sandhurst will bo found elsewhere. It will be seen that it proved to be highly successful in every respect, the exhibits generally being of a superior character, and the number of visifftrs computed as being up wards of 13,000. ThiB will bo the last day of the show, and doubtless the members of tbo 'Sandhurst Agricultural Society will find themselves able to indulge in self-con gratulation over the pecuniary benefit, and the impulse to agricultural and horticultural industries in the district to. 'which, this exhibition must give rise. : The secretary of the Ballarat .So ciety telegraphed to the showy ards yester day as a piece of official information that no jewer iuuh caimluib iiau uceu cuteiru lor the finllarat show. Mr. Bent, M.L.A., has announced that it is hi9 intention to offer himself as a candi date at the next election of a councillor to represent the Lonsdale Ward in the City Council.' '" On Tuesday afternoon the Footseray police received information that a man named Richard King, aged fifty.seven years, had met with an accident at a quarryliole in Yarraville. Upon inquiry, it was found that he had by some means fallen into the hole, where he had remained for nearly four days, through having sustained injuries to his ankle. Be was conveyed to the Mel- benrno Hospital for treatment. At the Footseray Police Court yesterday a young man named William Saunders, who had attempted to commit suicide by taking ovalic acid, combined with Steane's vermin destroyer, was discharged, the bench, cautioning him against ever attempting such s rash act in the future. Frederick Harvey, on a charge of embezzling £7 Ss. from liis employer, John Poole, agrocerin the borough, and who bad been arrested by Detective Edelsten, was remanded for seven days, the merits of the case, not having been enteredinto. Benjamin Stevens, wliobadbeen swested at the Wyndham races, was charged with being a rogue and a vagabond, and laving played an unlawful game on the race course, "but be was discharged on the point mied by Mr. Gulott, tnat the charges were tot the same as had been previously entered against defendant. The bench intimated that farther proceedings could be taken against lum. Arguments were heard yesterday by Judge Moel, in the Insolvency Court, in re IV. B. Cunningham, of Sale. His Honor reserved judgment. One of the most severe punishments that can he administered to those shrewd but in dolent men, mctalliciaus — as by some they are jocosely called — was, says the Hamilton Spectator, metecl out by the members of the Western Coursing" Club on Saturday to Mr. "W. H. Pagan, whose name has been made very prominent in coursing circles lately iu connection with a refusal to pay up on the recent Waterloo meeting. At a provioua meeting of the club an opinion was ex. pressed that Mr. Fagan ought to pay up, and an impression prevailed that lie would bow to this, He, however, pursued a very different course. Common courtesy should have taught him that he ought, at least, to have answered the letter of the secretary of the club, but he omitted to do this or to ?ay up the money, and this notwithstanding attersall's Club, whose deoisions he is bound to obey if he wishes to keep his place in "the ring," had decided all bets owing on Miss Walker's Waterloo victory should be paid. Mo sympathy oonld, therefore, be ex pressed for him. The new rules of the club, which would have come into force next, season, would have 'debarred him from any- longer being a member, but it was decided; to suow what was thought ol bis conduct by at once expelling him, a resolution to that effect being unanimously curried. At the Theatre Royal last night there was a good attendance, Rob Roy being again repeated, and the audience were thoroughly, entertained. Mr. R. S. Pillans sustained the character of Bailie Nicol Jarvie in a manner that fully warranted the favorable impression he created on his first appear, ance. Since the arrival of Mr. Pillans he has unfortunately been suffering from a bronchial affliction that considerably inter, feres with the effective rendition of the tonge incidental to the characters he has uus turned. Wilson's circus attracted a crowded au dience yesterday afternoon and lost night. The programme presented was of an.unusual character, the hurdle races and the trapeze business being omitted, in order to allow spectators of a nervous temperament to wit- ness the performance without uneasiness. Mr. Kingeley's wonderfully trained horses) Lion and Tiger, were again brought forward, end amused and delighted everyone with. their extraordinary triclis. Lisa Eccles, the drama which serves to bring forward Messrs. Baker and Farroo, ' was again presented at the Opera House last night. The Fakir of Oolu had no lack of patrons ior bib arousing entertainment at ot. ueorge a Bill last night. The ghost business is even better than heretofore, and many aro the ipeculations as to how it is done. The panorama of the Voyage of the Serapia is i aeries of artistically painted views. We have heen requested to call the attention of Members and friends of the Young Area's Christian Association to the half- ycariy soiree, to "be held at tie Collios-etreet Baptist Church this evening. .The Temperance Year Book and Societies' jRe- giiter and Directory for 1SJ7, published by Dunn sad Collins, has just beeQ issued. It is well written and profusely'illustrated. The Doyal St. Crispin Lodge I.O.O.F., No. c9, commemorated their annivemary on Tuesday euniog, with a soiree and bail, held at the Stndley Arni9 Hotel, Wellington-street, Colling- wood. It was attended with great success iu wry respect. We have received from Messrs. Swallow and Anell a sample case of their newly introduced file, named the Children's Canterbury. It is « a much plainer description and halfns large tfiia as tho Canterbury, consequently more Mutable for children and families. It will he wood useful also for picnic and pleasure parties oaring the coming seoKoji. last night, at a social meeting of the Howe- crescent Church, Emerald-hill, the Rev. E. hreenwood, iu the name of the congregation, presented a handsome .diamond ring to Mr. P. P. 'riser, in recognition of the able and aceeotahle manner in which he has discharged the duties of cooinnaater for over two years. Air. Eraser nifldo I suitable reply, and after several solos and Cucruses had been creditably performed, tbo meeting was brought to a close. A meeting was held at the Royal Derby Hotel, nrunswick-stret, Fitzroy, last evening, for the purpose 'of forming a 'branch of the Australian AatiFes Association ; Mr. W. H. Leahy occupied the chair, and brieriy explained the objects of the lociety, Messrs. Rnncie, Lee and jM'CIelland Mtanded as representatives of the Melbourne Awociatioo, and the other gentlemen present ionned themselves into a committee to take the accessary steps to open the branch. Mr. W. J. ttrkins was elected chairman ; Air. J. D. Higgs, wrann : Air. Ocock, treasurer ; Air. Peacock, Otuical otficer pro ton. 