NEWS OF THE DAY. , This will bo the last opportunity afforded us of again reminding those who have not yet teen to it that their names are on 'the rolls that after to-day their opportunity will ha n.inn A a has nlreadv been nointed oat in these coluinnB, the fuet of a man being a ratepayer does not neces sarily ensure his name being on the roll, as the present municipal rell of voters is compiled from an assessment made in July, August and September, 1S74, during which time a great number of eliangcs have taken place. Those ratepayers who have any doubt as to whether their names are on the rolls should make a point to-day of ascertaining; and lion- ratepayers who have hitherto neglected so obvious a duty should remember that, if they delay any longer, they will have no voice in the government of tho country, at a time when it is of the utmost importance that overy man should defend his rights against tho encroachments of a tyrannical majority iu the House. Every man not already on a ratepayers' roll cau take out a right for Legislative Council elections who has free hold property worth ill 000 ; or property of the yearly value of £100; or property in some municipal district or districts rated in the aggregate ut £50 a year. _ (In every ease the property need not be all in one district.) Lessees or occupiers of properties rated at not loss than £50 are also qualified. Joint owners, lessees or occupiers are qualified, if the rental or value divided by the number of owners, lessees or occupiers is sufficient for a singlo qualification for each person. Mort gagees and trustees arc only qualified if -they occupy, or receive rents. Finally, University students and graduates, olergynieu, barris ters, solicitors, certificated teachers and re tired officers of H.M. land or sea forces, are all entitled to registration. For voting nt Legislative Assembly elections all the above qualifications are admissible. Tho lessor qualifications, sufficient to ensure registra tion on the Assembly rolls only, are : — Free hold property worth £50, or of the yearly value of £5, or the leasing or occupying of such properties, the same rules about joint ownership or occupation holding good «»| with the Council qualification. There is also the residential qualification, tho only conditions being that the applicant shall have been at least twelve mouths in the colony ; and in the province or district for which Registra tion is sought at least threo months. Such, in brief, are the requisites entitling the pos sessor thereof to claim electors' rights for Council or Assembly together, or for the Assembly only. 'lhU is the last i lay for rc;/istralion ! 'Yesterday the Legislative Council sat for ten minutes. Mr. Anderson presented a petition from the Law Institute of Victoria against the Legal Profession Amalgamation lull, which was received. Mr Belcher gave notice that he would call the attention ot the lion, member who represented the Govern ment to tho present impure state of the water supply to Geelong: from the Stony C'reek reservoir. Tho second reading of the Legal Profession Amalgamation Hill, the only order of the day, was postponed until Tues day Dext, on account of the absence of Mr. Sargood, who lias charge of the bill. A good heal of busiuess was got through in tho Assembly last evening, the attention of hon. members being almost exclusively devoted to a consideration of the estimates. It was the design of tlio Government to push thorn through with as little discussion as pos sible, but the House would not submit to this. Accordingly several very important questions came under review, all of which were deait with pretty exhaustively. j| As eight mouths' supplies bad been previously voted, it was only the Imlanoe of the original esti mate that was asked for in every instance, and as this was, as a rule, a comparatively small sum, there did not seem any desire to reduce the amount of any item, in the early part of the evening, in reply to a ques tion by Mr. Mae Bain, Sir .Jnmes M'Cnlloch intimated that he could not seejhis way to making any reduction in the estimates this yoar. This of course stopped any discussion in the direction of retrenchment. There appears to be some disposition in the Assembly to inquire into the nature aud amount of work performed by the Agent- General, while there are not a few who go the length of saying that the snug billet should be abolished. Mr. MncBain wanted to know, last night, if the office expires at the end of three years from the date of tho Inst appointment, and also whether the Government intend at the end of the time to fill the vacancy. Mr. M'JCcan pronounced the Agency-General to be an ut terly worthless institution. Sir James M'Cul- loch expressed his desire to comply with the wishes of the committee, but after beating about the bush in a very adroit manner, the Premier sat down, leaving the committee as wise as when he rose. Mr. Lalor was not satisfied, and pressed tho ques tion as to tho Agent- Generaiship being filled up. The Premier then said he could not give any information nt present, but hoped to be able to do so before the Ap propriation Bill was introduced. The opening of tho Public Library on Sundays was' mooted iu the Assembly last evening, when the vote fur the. institution came on for discussion. Mr. Woods sub mitted a proposition that attached to tho vote there shall be an expression of opinion on the part of the House as to tho desira bility of allowing the public to participate in the advantages of the institution on Sun days as well as on week days. The question was not debated, but a point of order was raised in order to stifle discussion. It was submitted by the Premier that no motion could be put, inasmuch as the question had already been de bated and decided during tho pre sent session. Mr. Davies, whose de cisions of late have given so much satisfaction to the Government, ruled the motion out of order. Air. Woods endea vored to show that there was a marked diffe rence between an abstract motion such as tho one decided earlier in the session aud the resolution which he now sought to submit, which had purely relation to the voting of money. Mr. Service sup ported the view of the member for Crow- lands, and stated that he could not understand how, in the name of con sistency, they should open the Zoolo gical Society's grounds to the public on Sunday, and at the same time refuse them access to the Library. Mr. Wrixon replied that the reason why they should not open the Library -was because it would lead to the opening of the theatres and musio-bslls on Sunday also. This was the only argument urged on behalf of the Sabbatarians, and its value is quite apparent. A1 r. Woods's motion was withdrawn. A sensible suggestion was last evening made to the Government, during the con sidcration of the estimate, in reference to the expense incurred in insuring public buildings. It appears that there is annually paid by the State about £48U0 for insurance, and as this matter is transacted through an agent, who receives about £700 a year, it is apparent that some plan might be very easily devised by which this expense_ might lie obviated. Mr. M'Kenn suggested that the Government should, like many shipping firms in Melbourne aud other parts j c.f the world, become their own insurers. _ It was well-known that a fire in connection with any of the public buildings — not even tho Public Library excepted — was a most unlikely eventuality, but it was one that should he guarded against. This could best be done by means of a sinking fund. The amount every year for insurance could be funded, nnd in a few years there would be sufficient monev in hand to meet any caso of fire that would bo likely to arise. The Premier, who claims to be the very apostle of economy in connection with the publio service, did not seem to regard the proposal with favor, and shirked the question by submitting that it was one that did not properly come within the scope of the vote they were then dis cussing. The mutter was accordingly dropped. The present management of the Kew Asy lum was last evening adverted to while the estimates were under consideration; and suf ficient seems to have been elicited to throw much of the blame of the evils connected with the institution upon the Government. Several members expressed a wish that no delay should take place in preventing in the future the cruelties that there appears very little doubt have been practised- in the past upon tho unfortunate inmates. Mr. John Thomas Smith, as oliairman of the board of visitors, endeayored to smooth away much of the natural indignatiou ,of those who felt they Werh paying so dearly for the maintenance of an institution with respect to which such a grave public scandal has arisen. His remarks were calculated to show the necessity for nu immediate change in the existing system. The visitors had oyer iud over again pointed - out to the Govern ment various fauts, which went far to account for the treatmeut to which the patients were subjected, but without avuil. ft was shown that the Kew Asylum was unfit lor hous ing lunatics, that it aggravated rather tliau relieved themaladyof the patients, while from its overcrowded state and position, no less than its construction, it partook more of the nature of a gaol than a lunatic asylum. The Government, however, declared that nothing could be done UDtil tho board now sitting had sent in their report, which, Mr. Crews stated, would not be for some months to come. A very unpleasant scene occurred in the House last night, tn the coarse of some remarks addressed to the committee by Air. Woods on the estimates, Air. AI'Lellan in terjected a very offensive observation to the effect that " lie had not disgraced himself." Air. Woods said the hon. tho Alinister of Mines was a coward to make such a remark under the protection of the House, and that if he said it outsido he would punch the hon. member's head. Ho then left tho Chamber, appa rently inviting Air. AI'Lellan outside, hut,' the .lion, member for Ararat, though generally most warlike iu hi3 demon strations, made no sign, but remained with & stone-like stillness in his seat. The Chair man of Committees said such language could not be tolerated. Sir James M'Culloeb hoped there would be no more of it, aud then the unpleasant affair dropped. The following notice was last evening tabled in tliefHouseby AH. Laugton "To call the attention of the Premier to the cir cumstances attending the loss of the Strath- inore on the Orozet Islands ; and to ask if lie will renew the representations with the Imperial Government which were made by this colony in 1SI18, as to the advisability of the commanders of H.M. ships in this part of the world beinginstruoted to visit periodically tlio several, unfrequented islands which lie in the ordinary track of ships making the Australian voyage." Mr. Langridge laBt night gave notice of motion to have all tho papers and corres pondence connected with the Grand Vic torian North-western Canal Company laid on tho table. Baron Von Mueller has been made the subject of debate in Parliament perliapB more than other man in tho colony. Year after year, when the estimates 'come under discussion, the learned baron takes- -up quite a lion's share of the debate, and last night — which was uo exception to the rule — Mr. Hanna alluded to the botanist as an ever lasting ghost that ought to be laid. Opinions appear to bo at variance as to the value of the baron's services. Some members re gard him as a white elephant, while others seem to think it would lie as injudioious to deprive the colony of its defences ns to get rid of this savant. The question of debute last night was as to whether an allowance of i H00 a year for clerical assistance should be increased. The Assembly agreed very gene- rally that it should not. The Hoard for the Protection of tbeAbori gincB appear to have by their conduct brought about a pretty muddle in couneo. tion with affairs at Coranderrk. Several very old and experienced members having been obliged to resign, owing to the way in which matters were managed, others more amenable, and who possess a due respect for Mr. Brougb Smyth, or who are identified with Air. Godfrey as chairman of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, were appointed iu their place. Thus very few of the old board remain. In the meantime they have decided, not (as was tho intention) to re-ap point Air. Green as superintendent of the Coranderrk Station, and have instead engaged the Bervices of a police constable named Halliday, who cannot pos. sibly know anything about the business he has hoen asked to undertake. Iu addition to ttiis. Air. Ogilvy, the general superinten dent, has resigned, ostensibly iu consequence of the blackB having waited as a deputation upon tho Chief Secretary without his authority, so that the station is now likely soon to he under the control of a subor dinate, or an iuoxperienced manager. Last evening the question was referred to in the House, aud Air. Godfrey became the apolo gist of the board, but his explanation only showed the generai accuracy of the state ments recently made in this journal. A deputation of men engaged in discharg ing the Government punts, headed by M r. Patrick AlncMulion, waited on the Minister of Public Works yesterday, aud submitted several grievances to him under which they represented that they labor, They com plained that as the supply of silt was very irregular, and as they were paid by the hour, they wire not able to earn reasonable wages ; and they asked that some plan, whereby a uniform supply could be secured, should be adopted. They also asked that any repairs the dredges might require should be effected over night, in order that they might not suffer by tne delay when tho dredge was not working. Further, if it was possible to employ them on any other work when the supply of silt fell short. They also desired to be informed beforehand when there would be no work for the in to do, so that they might employ their time otherwise, and that they should be paid for shifting planks aB the work was changed from site to site. They also complained that when they wero discharged between regular pay days they only received H orders, and had to wait for their money. Air. Jones said he would give instructions that the men's wages should in future be paid iu cash, and the other matters brought under his notice should receive his consideration. Messrs. J. J. Case-, S. Fraser and Thomp son Aloore introduced a deputation yester day to the Alinister of IfoadB and Kailways, representing the shires of Echuca, Waran- ga. Swan-hill, Marong and Huntly, to give rebutting evidence to that previously given in favor of the formation of a shire arouncl Neilborough by cutting off portions of the shires named, with the view of erecting a new shire. They presented counter petitions to those signed by tho severance party. After a long discussion, Mr. Jones said he did not think the application for severance was in any way sufficiently sustained, and he could not entertain it. He thought that before shires were out up in the way proposed overwhelming' evidence should be given of the necessity of so doing. A request was also made yesterday by three residents of Kunnyinedo to the Alinister of Railways that a portion of the Eohuca shire might be severed, for the purpose of establishing a new shire. They presented a petition in support of their application, which Air. Jones said he would read and consider. An action, wo are informed, is about -to be initiated against the A.S.N. Company, to recover a large sum of money, as dam ages for the carrying away to Sydney of a person named Hanson against his will. Air. Hanson, who is largely engaged in mining pursuits in Queenland, bad been in Melbourne purchasing machinery, .and on Tuesday, the 22nd ult., he'went on board the s.: City nl A-;. ' .i d >.V «ee friend off. Upou coming iq- m-in the saloon he found that the vessel had moved some yards from the whaif, and his statement is that upon appealing to Capt. Walker he was not permitted to go ashore. Going down the Bay Air. Hanson explained to Capt. Walker that he would suffer great Iobs if carried to Sydnoy, nnd upon - the intercession of Mr. BergholF, of the-firm of Bcrghhoff aud Tou- zell. and of several otlior gentlemen, Capt. Walkor agreed to land Mr. Hanson at the Heads, H anson further stated that upon ap proaching tho Heads preparations wero made for sending him ashore, when suddenly, with out assigning any reason, the Hag that had been hoisted as a signal for a boat to put off was ordered to be hauled down, aud the steamer proceeded on her voyage. Acting upon tho advice of a legal gentleman ou board, Mr. Hansen refused to pay the pas sage money demanded of him, nnd was sent forward to the steerage. Yesterday lie re turned to Melbourne, nnd has, as already stated, instructed his solicitor to take pro ceedings against the company. The programme for the United Fire Brigades demonstration, to be held at Ballarat on the 23rd and 24th of May, has been issued, and embraces the following events : — Hose practice — first prize, silver cup, value, 40 guineas ; second prize, 100 feet canvas hose. Eugiue practice, ladder and lioso practice, jumping-sheet and lire-escape practice. The arrangements will be con ducted by Air. Robert Glover. Messrs. D. Bropby (Mayor of. Ballarat City), Jas. Long '(Mayor of Ballarat East), T. Carey ( Mayor of AJary borough), Robert Clark (Mayor of Sandhurst), and Superintendent Huad will act as judges ; Air. Geo. Aspinall as referee; Air. Robert Hurrowes, M. L.A., and the hon. Major Smith, M.L.A., as starters.; Air. . A. K. Smith, Colonel Reid . aud Major J osephs as timekeepers ; and ex-Superintendent Connelly, Captains Casey, Steet and Affording, Lieutenant Terry and Mr. James Eville as examiners of apparatus. Brigades can enter for all events, and any competing team not acting strictly in accordance with the printed regulations will be disqualified. At the close of the demonstration a meeting of the representa tives of the various brigades will bo held, to arrango for a similar demonstration in 1S77. An interesting exhibition was opened in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Queensberry- streot, 011 Alouday niglit, The exhibits are contributed by the scholars attending the Sunday school which meots in that build ing. Mr. Wm. Clarke, J.P., delivered on address, in which he mentioned that the idea of the exhibition had been suggested at a meeting of teachers held about six months ago, and that sinee then tho scholars hud worked assiduously to secure a satisfactory result. Air. Aluuro, ALL. A., congratulated the scholars on their success, and declared tho exhibition open. The collection of articles is very extensive, comprising machinery, stuffed birds, fossils, shells, minersls, und a large display of ladies' fancy- work. There are alHO a model of Solomon's Temple, a display of - curiosities from the Holy Land, a harmonium made of spalls of common bluestone, and a newspaper called the Pennyyraph, which is published in the room daily. The exhibition will remain open for a fortnight. The Alauritius correspondent of the St/ilnett Horning Herahl writes, under date 7th of January : — News (has reached this from the neighboring island of Re- union of a terrible landslip which lias occurred there, subsequently to a heavy downfall of rain. Fortunately the acci dent did not happen iu a very popu lous locality ; but one small valley has been filled up by the fallen debris, and sixty or seventy people have lost their lives — many of them, it is to be feared, having been buried alive. The Reunion authorities have done all iu their power to relieve the other sufferers by this calamity, for it must be borne in mind that many persons are houseless) their properties having been des troyed by the earth avalanche. Isaac Roskilling, a dealer and hawker of birds, was charged at tho Williomstown Police Court yesterday, before Air. Molli- son, P.M., and Messrs. Aitkenand Morgan, with committing an indecent assault upon a littlo girl in Little Nelson-street, on the afternoon of the 2Sth February. From the evidence of the child's mother, Airs. Kerr, it was shown that tiie child wonld not bo six years old until May next. Evidence to prove the assault was given by Mrs. Duncan, who lives in the atrout, anil saw priooncr with three children on a piece of land behind the Cerberus Hotel, and when she Baw what he was doing she walked up behind him, when be desisted. She then informed the child's mother, who had the prisoner taken into custody. The prisoner stated in defence that he had not assaulted tiie child, but that he had put down the birds nnd cages which he was selling, when thiee children came playing about the birds, and this little girl was plaguing them by putting her finger between the wires, and, to stop her from doing this, he just slapped her as he would one of Ii'ib own children, and that he was doing this when the witness (Mrs. Duncan) came up. The bench, after some considera tion, committed him for trial at the sessions now sitting, admitting him to bail upon two sureties of £25 each. One of those dens of infamy which, aro known to exist in the Chinese' quarter of Little Rourke-street, but which are so diffi cult to discover, from the careful mnnner in which they are concealed, was broken up by Detective Fook Sing ou Monday, in a house occupied by a Chinaman, surrounded by a number of Celestials, tho detective found two girls, tlio eldest seventeen years of age and the youugest fourteen, named respect ively Mary and Elizabeth George, who are supposed to have been induced to go to the place by a woman who makes her living by receiving presents from Chinamen for aiding them in their infamous practices. Tho two girls wero brought before the City Pencil yesterday, and remanded until Fridny next, when tlicy will be agnin brought forward aud required to give evidence against Wall Wing, the keeper of tho house, who was arrested ou warrant yesterday afternoon. The booths and sites for the Autumu Aleet- ing of the V. U.O. were offered for sale by- Messrs. M'C'ulloch, Campbell and Co., at Kirk's Bazaar, yesterday, and realised the following prices : — The Hill: No. 1, S. C. Waff, King's Arms' llotol, £42; No". 2, Cavauagh's Hotel, Emerald-bill, £31 : No. 3, Beunett, Cricketers' Hotel, F.merald-hill, £54; No. 4, O'Brien, Victoria Hotel, Webb- street, Fitzroy : No. fi,- 1'. D'Arey, Tain o'Sbauter Hotel, Hotkam, £22 ; No. C, G. Goble, George Hotel, Williamstowu, £1.4. Fruit Site : Airs. Aloss, £10. Fiat : Perma nent booth, P. D'Arey, £17 ; No. 2, G. 'l'hom, (jueensberry-street, £12 ; No. 3, R. Fraser, Hunt Club Hotel, Emerald-hill, £13 ; No. 4, Airs. Kelly, Freemasons' Hotel, Fitzroy, £11. Carriage Paddock: Air. Mitchell, £14. Gates : Mr. Hog-m, Railway Hotel, Bourke-street, £205, A shocking accident happened yesterday evening to a lad named Thomas William Hayton, aged fifteen years. He accidentally stepped into a copper of boiling fat at Bray- brook, where he resided, and sustained such severe scalds that his removal to the Mel bourne Hospital was necessitated. He now lies in a very precarious condition. The tenants of the Eastern Arcade met yesterday afternoon for tho purpose of pre senting Air. H. A. Crawford, their landlord, with a testimonial prior to his departure for Boston. Mr. Yeomans presided, and in the name of his fellow tenants presented Mr. Crawford with a handsomely.ffluminated testimonial expressive of the good esteem in which they regarded him. Mr. Crawford's health was proposed in highly compli mentary terms by the chairman, anil the tenants drank the- toast with great cor diality. . Mr. Crawford, in responding, thanked those present for the cordiality with which the toast had been drank, and pointed out that none of those who had rented shops in tlio arcade sinoe it was first opened had cause to regret their perseverance, even if they did not pay at' once. Mr. Crawford will leave here by the City of Adelaide on Thursday, en route for Amtrioa, aud will re turn here via the Suez canal. In reply to a joint deputation, representing the City, Brunswick and Fitzroy counoils, that waited on the Commissioner of Kailways yesterday, he stated, after hearing arguments on both' sides, that he would establish a toll- gate in Nicholson-street, within the boun dary of Brunswick. The councils of Mel bourne city and Brunswick were iu favor of, but Fitzroy was opposed to, the toff. The traffic returns of the Victorian Rail ways for the week ending 24th February show the following: — Total for week, £ IS, 005 Is. Sd.; aggregate from 1st July, £'(1(13,087 Ss. 7d.; weekly average, £19,502 4s. Od. The corresponding returns for 1S75 were £18,200 9s,, £019,709 0s. 10d., and £1S,22G 0s. 7d. In 1875 there were 559 miles open, and the passengers for the week were 46. 7 1 1 ; in 1870 there were 016 miles open, and 42,826 passengers. The return of traffic on the .Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Rail ways for the same period shows tbe follow- ing results Total for week, £3524 13i,' Od. ; aggregate to date, £30,012 2a" 4d. ; weekly average, £389(1 Is. 9d. Ths corresponding returns for 1S75 were £2C7" Se. 9d., £29,454 19s. 4d., and £3G31 17a" 5d. respectively. The passengers for the week in 1875 were 100,924 : and in 187Gl 175,733. Yesterday rmoro than two tons of tin taken from tho Stanhope Company's mint wero to bo seen in AI'Ewan and Co. 'a c8, tablishmeut. Tho ore was smeltod ontha mine. Very little progress was made yesterday with tho inquiry into the charges laid against Mr. Bro'ugh Smyth, although ths board sat for at least five hours. The whole forenoon was occupied with the farther cross-examination of Air. Nicholas, one of the witnesses, which at length became so tedious and protracted that the chairmin had to point out that the information sought to be elicited would not affect the decision of the board. In the afternoon Mr. H. Molosworth appeared for Mr. Smyth, and the examination and cross- examination of Mr, Francis, the chief clerk, were got through with. The board will sit again it eleven o'olock to-day. The natives of the principality of TValei and their friends, to the number of about 500 , assembled at the Temperance Hall last night, on . the occasion of the anniversary concert of the Cambrian Society. At such a gathering, on the eve of St. David's day, it was natural that Welsh airs should pre, dominate, nnd that the Welsh harp shonld be appreciated, especially as it was handle; so ably by Mr. Llewelyn Thomas, brother to the harpist to the Queen. The Misses Wil. liams, Foulkes and Powell presided at ths piano, and the Williamstown choir, con ducted by Mr, RosEer, gave several choral pieces. The soloists wero Mrs. William?, Miss Morgan, Miss Thpmas, aud Mr, J, Llewellyn, the directorship of - the whole being vested in the latter. The annual report of tho society, which was of a fairly encouraging nature, was read by Air. L, Jones, hon. secretary. Mr. Thomas Evans presided. Tn-day, St. David's day, a trip to I'ortsea in the steamer Williams will take place. A young woman named Ellen Bomb, aged seventeen years, had a very narrow es. cape yesterday afternoon. She was crossing, the railway line, about 350 yardB from ths Moouee Ponds station, on (be way to ths house of her master, when the 4.50 down traiu passed. She appeared to loso all pre- senae of mind, and although she had suffi- oient time to get out of the way, she failed to do so, and, faffing down, the train passed over her hand. She was picked up insen. siblo nnd removed to the Melbourne Hospi. tal, where her injuries were attended to, A concert and ball under the auspices of theA.O.F., Court Hbtham, 3199, took place iu the Temperance Hall, Queeusherry-street, inst evening. 1'bere was a numerous attend, mice, and a leugthy programme was satis factorily disposed. of. Air. J. Henrix wis very successful, and received an encore for his rendering of the song, Just Touch the Harp Gently, in response to which he gave Happy be thy Dreams with good effect. Misa Basaett M 'Donald, Miss Roland, and Messrs. Geo. Turner, M. B. Murphy, Gordon and Winu also acquitted themsclvos very creditably. Air. Frank Richardson presided at the piano, and, as usual, gave general satisfaction. During the evening a presen tation, consisting of a handsome suite o( studs and sleeve links, was madio to ths I'.G. fi. Bro. N. Beesley, which was suit ably acknowledged by the recipient. ,After the concert dancing was commenced, and kept up tiff a late hour. The following casualties were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday;:— Thomas Wilmott, aged thirty-six years. Residing ia Bridge-road, Richmond, suffering from in juries to liis leg, caused by slipping ou a piece of cabbage leaf while wall-bug along the street. James Edward Duckworth, uged thirteen years, suffering fromi internal in juries, caused by his falling down a cellar at Messrs. Geo. Robertson ntxJ Co.'s ware house, in Little Collins-street.. At tho Collingwood Police- Court vestet- day, Charles Uyland, landlord of tho Burke aud Wills Hotel, was charged under the Friendly Societies Statute by John Schmidt, a trustee of the Loyal Alanner3 Sutton Lodge, I.O.O.F., with unlawfully withhold ing a dispensation board, certain regalia, and furniture from the society, the defendant being a member of the said lodge. In 1S/T tlio Indgo wn-i TPinoVeil to the Rurho ud Wills Hotel, where tbo use of a room was granted for nothing, the custom brought to the house being held to he'surficiont compen sation. Subsequently the lodge was again removed to the Cornstalk Hotel, and a written demand for the articles meutionedin the information was made. Hyland, how ever, refused to give tbcm up. Air. Ed wards, ou behalf of the defendant, ob- jeeted that the words of the summons re stricted the issue to - defendant, being a member of the lodge, which it was proved lie had ceased to be ; that the words " other effects " iu the 30th. clause of the act did not apply to the articles in question ; that due permission for the removal of tiie lodge nut having been obtained, the document bein( only signed by the district secretary, tho de fendant hckl the articles in lawful custody, and ibat the words " withhold or misapply" in the clause before alluded to meant em bezzlement. Mr. Gillott, for tine plaintiff, maintained that the clause applied to any person, whether a member of the lodge or not, but he also held that defendant was still a member. If, however, lie was not a member, ho certainly was not entitled to re- tniu the property. He also contended that thii word "effects" included the articles in question, and that the clause did not apply to cases of embezzlement. The bench advised the defendant to give up the articles, and postponed their decision until Tuesday noxt. i At tho Collingwood Police Court yester day, Air. Lyons, solicitor, gave the explana tion as to his non-attondanoe ou the pre vious Tuesday as stated iu these columns a few days ago, and Air. Teuipletou, P.M., ex pressed himself ns satisfied. The steamer Williams left the Queen'! Wharf yesterday morning wirih about 700, and the Resolute with 300 passengers, bound to I'ortsea, the party consisting oi draymeu, .contractors and bonded store- mcu. After a very pleasant time spent on shore, they returned to 'Melbourne, landing at the Queen's Wharf at about half-past seven. Dancing was kept np on the passage up and down. Mr. M'Farland has written to tho council of the University to state that ho lias re signed his seat. Wo believe this is in con- eeqnenco of a pledge given at the time of hii election by tho senate that he would only hold office for five years. It is not impro bable that Air. M'Farland will offer himself for re-election. The Emerald-hill Sea Bathing Company (Limited) held its seventh half-yearly geneial meeting of shareholders on Alouday evenisg, at the Mechanics' Institute, when the state ment of receipts and expenditure was duly received and adopted. In consequence of the unfavorable eeoson for bathing, a reduc tion of the rent was made to the lessee. The directors reported, in compliance witli a pre vious request of shareholders, that they had inspected the baths, and felt themselves justified in stating that the lessee bad kept them in good order, and that the fencing was in good condition, and perfectly shark-proof. L'he following gentlemen were elected direc tors for the ensuing year, viz. :— Alessrs. Lord, Aruel!, Shaw, liayson, Jenkyn and Ellerker, and J. B. Ellerker hon. sec. The children attending the Roman Catholic schools in Williamstown aud Footseray were treated to a pienio in the scrub, on the opposite side of the Yarra, on M onday. Many of the children were ac companied by their friends ; and the com pany numbered upwards of 700. Upon .arrival at the place selected, which was reaohed by means of the steam ferry, various sports were entered into with all the enthusiam of youth, and kept up until about Bix p.m., when the party returned to their homes. For Bome time past complaints have beea made about the' light from the lamps sup plied by the Railway department at tho Footseray railway station. Persons alight ing from the trains on a dark night can hardly see their hands before them, and unless the evil is remedied some accident may occur that will involve the Government in heavy damages. A sale of Crown lands took place yester day, at the rooms of Air. Walstab, Queen- street. The attendance was fair, but the business transacted was confined to only a few lots. The land comprised town lots at Ber wick, Wannaeue and Tyabb, and suburban lots at Tyabb, Djerriwarrh, Scoresby, War ragul and Maribyrnong. Only two lots out of twelve at Berwick were disposed of at the upset of £4 per lot- for two roods. At Wannaeue only one lot found a buyer. Those at Tyabb were passed in for want of offers, the remaining lota being) disposed of at ths Upset price, except in two instances. . .« nTcrriimrh waa knocked down ner acre, the upset being £1. and Ihe JUribymong lota were offered at it- per acre but fetched £3 ! ' P« »£0' 1Ue SIS»tifr realised by the sale was £840. The sTttings of the Melbourne General c will commenco this morning, in the rZtv cTurthoi.se, Mr. T. S. Copo acting County L 0f prisoners to bo tried ia not a' long one nor are the offences with which they are charged heinous. Tn a letter to the chairman of a political eating recen«Y : eE Mr. voted'against the financial proposals of Sir jimes M'Culloch, and 1 may say that hadmy health permitted my presence I «houldhave voted in favor of a dissolution of the House, V Zftrence to the expressed wish of my constituents and the political circumstances SfpnTssioii having been granted by the Boarof Land and Works to temporarily Sv ground south of Prince's.bndge, the Msttaliin Blondin will recommence his ex. freOy performances on Saturday night. A complimentary concert and ball ten- j-.-j o Band-master Junner by .the mem tereof tbe Carlton Rifle Corps was held last evenmg in the orderly room, Grattan- ,-eet The programme, although a tolerably Vr one was not in itself a sufficient induce ment andtheresult was that hardly a hundred Zens were present. At the conclusion of 1 the concert. Sutch's quadrille band was in I attendance, and a large assemblage not m- ? t- -e-ted 'n the concert took part in dancing, 1 whi"h was continued until u late hour. The- popularity of the U.S. Minstrels is by pp means on the wane, for there was acoth'T crowded audience at St. Georges HsUTast night. The programme bad many attractions- not the least being the elephan tine farofe A most attractive programmo is p. spared' for this evening. S-ratoga was repeated at the _ Theatre Poval last night, and the chief incidents in the p'eco were much applauded. It will be repeated for the last time this evening, and tomorrow the sensational play of Frou-Frou will be produced. The Princess of Trebizonde will he per- fo-med at the Opera Houbo this evening, by the m«mbers of the Opera Bouffe Company. Th!s piece was always well performed, and inrarisblv draws crowded houses. 4 — ffeha'0 received from Messrs. Fergnsson and yf M;tebel copies of their pocket diaries for the 2 cs cBuck, of tho Royal Arcade, has fj — v-ii-w a hiehly-finished and life-like carte-de ll „j the R«. W. R- Fletcher, late pastor of if -be C-"grega,innal Church, Richmond. A Meg... Patterson Bros., photogrnphorv, Carlton, ;:j hare forwarded to us two photographs of Robison X J ang c« '« engineering works, ono showing a a g-onp of imptoms and their families, and A th» other of the waggonettes as they started for ihd ppcent picnic, j enind concert and ball will be given in j rnnma- Elizabeth-street, this evening, ij -n aid of the widow and family of the late Jebn 1 laidlsw of Botliam. A well-arranged musical :j programme is provided. 