THE GRAZIER. Blood Stock and the Turf in Queensland WHEN the Fo -ced Handicap had been Jecided at Dalby the curtain fell upon the racing drama of Southern Queensland, and though there are three or four more meetings to be held in June and July, the campaign in this colony is drawing to a close. There only remain Maryborough, Gympie, Gayndah, and Rockhampton for decision before our race horses go into that rest which they have so well earned. Warwick, a little town on the Condamine, burst upon an astonished rac- ing world last February with the issue of a programme, the like of which, in liberality, had never before been seen in Queensland-the Turf Club offering handicaps of 150 and 300 sovs respectively, to be run for at the end of April ; Ipswich, not to bo outdone, offered prizes of 200 and 250 sovs ; Brisbane came out with 150 and 300 sovs ; Toowoomba, less wealthy or less spirited, offered less money, but still an attractive programme; Dalby increased the value of her principal prizes ; the North thorn Seaports, Maryborough, and Rockhampton un- loosed thoir purse strings; Gympie issued a programme of little loss value ; and Gayndah, formerly the New- market of Queensland, and the head-quarters of the Queensland Jockey Club, published a bill of fare which, though meagre, compared with her palmiest days, showed a marked improvement on the form of ' the last few years. Tho entries at Warwick wero of fair class, and numerically strong for Queensland, twenty-five for each handicap, including some names not unknown on your side of the border, viz. : - Janitor, Wrangler, Gemma di Vergy gelding, Flirtation, the naturalised Dirk, the little chesnut Wanderer, and Silver Fox by Yattendon, out of Young Moonshine, by Sir Hercules out of Old Moonshine ; as well as the local cracks Nemo, by Kyogle out of Fair Ellen, by Lord of the Hills ; Lady Lee, a Btnart Yelverton filly ; Eugenie, a Cossack mare, thought good enough to go for the 1000 guineas at Glen Innes, but whom an accident, at the eleventh hour, prevented from taking part in the con- test ; Chance, a useful bay gelding, juBt good enough to rank with racehorses, rather than with hacks ; and Mayflower, a " bad-performed one," belonging to Judge Lutwyche, who will persist in breeding from mares of doubtful pedigree, to say the least, and, in spite of having won only two races (I write from memory) all the years he has been connected with the turf, goes on expecting race horses, year after year, to come from such wretched stock. Of the twenty-five entries, fourteen accepted for the smaller prize «md thirteen for the 300 sovs, but the list of acceptances did not include Wrangler or Janitor, though Herod, a Victorian horse, by Horror out of Sally, by Ithuriel out of a Wild Dayrell maro, " stood in" with the 9st the handicappers treated him to. He ! is well bred enough to win under the weight, but be has never been fit in Queensland. His sire, Horror, RB English turfites may remember, ran third toThormanby and the Wizard for the Derby of 1860, when the American colt Umpire, who was to havo carried off all the good things of the year, was unplaced in the ruck behind him. The roan gelding by Gemma di Verpy, a four-year-old, said to have some form, and, after his Queensland campaign, thought good onough to be nominated for the Melbourne Cup and Metropolitan Handicaps, of course accepted with 6st 121b and 6st 101b respectively ; but the home stable was too strong for the "furriners," and Mr. Finnie's Nemo, 5 yrs, carried 9st 31b to victory in the race for the 150 sovs, and also placed the 300 sovs to his owner's credit on the following day under Ost. The Gemma di Vergy gelding, 4 yrs, in receipt of 331b for tho year, was second, beaten easily on the first day, but could get no nearer than fourth to the Toowoomba horse (Nemo), Wanderer second, and Chance third, under his light impost of 6st 101b. Herod did not start in either race, but waa beaten by Lady Lee, New- bold, and Chance, at weight for ago, in the Governor's Cup at the name meeting; and on the second day suc- cumbed at 6st 121b to tbo moderate Chance, 6st 101b, and Ariadne, 6st, in tho Consolation Handicap. So far the strangers had the worst of it ; but at Toowoomba they turned the tables on the natives with tho aid of Irish Stew, a high, if not first, class three-year- old, who had been inadvertently chucked into the handicaps, which he won with ridiculous ease, beating on the first day Blazeaway, a local Maiden Plater of very " so-so" calibre, the persevering Mayflower, and Wanderer, while on the second day, under 6st 101b, he polished off Janitor, 7st, Nemo, 9st 71b, and Wanderer (again), 9st. Though Nemo was defeated ho was not disgraced, for in attempting to concede 371b to the winner he was at- tempting a task beyond the powers of the best horse in Australia. As some compensation, Wanderer beat the Gemma di Vergy gelding for a minor handicap, the Clifford Plate, giving away.lOlb for the two years be- tween them. After the running on the Downs at Warwick and Toowoomba, the Ipswich handicaps looked the good thing on paper tbat they actually turned out to be for Nemo, who was let in at 8st 51b and8st21b; and, notwithstanding the penalties attach- ing to him for previous victories, which raised his weight to 88t 101b and 8st 121b respectively, he won both races easily ; the " furriners," Gemma di Vergy geld- ing and Wrangler, running second and third for the first race, while Chance, under 7st, was second for tho big money on tho second day, a length in front of Wrangler, 8st 21b, who beat Janitor for third place, giving tho Kelpie colt exectly 141b. That there is somo form about Lady Leo (our best three-year-old in Queensland) is evidenced hy her per- formance in the Flying Handicap at Ipswich, for which race she carried 7st 121b and won it, after a little rous- ing, by a length, from the Gemma di Vergy gelding, to whom she was conceding her year and 91b. Irish Stew, omitted, by some mistako probably, from tho lißt of nominations for the handicaps, solaced his owner by presenting him with a couple of weight-for-oge races, in the first of winch ho beat Lady Leo rather eosilj', and two others, while iu the second eßsay he had noth- ing better than hacks to meet. At Brisbane, however, the strangers carno to the fore with a vengeance ; every race at the meeting in which they wore engaged being carried off by one or other of them-The Gemma di Vergy gelding won the Trial Stakes and Epsom Handicap ; Janitor carried off the Mares' Produce Stakes, the Maiden Plate, aiad the Craven Stakes, in the latter beating Nemo and Chanco at weight for age, after the best race of tho meeting, if not of the season ; and Irish Stew won both handi- caps without an effort, as a matter of course. At Dalby Chance went strongly through the sea of mud, nnd at last managed to boat, Nemo at 271b, with a , good field behind the pair, including Wanderer nnd Janitor, but tho irrepressible Irish Stew was "all there" the nest day, over tho heavy two miles, and under 8st actually distanced tho Queensland horcos. The good things at Maryborough romain yet to bo d iscussed, tho races having boen postponed from the 22ud, 23rd, and 24th to tho 2ßth, 27th, and 28th, in consequence of tho persistent ruins, which, whilo I write, threaten to render a further adjournment of the meeting neccaaaiy. In my ne:;I. I shall iurnish you with ua account of tho riuiuiug there, at Gympio, and lo^biiamoton. which latter town gives away nearly aLB°° Ä run for at the end of July. SCuS, ngn^rS of Brisbane ho wevV, will scarcely « ..Vi,» rnoral which the southern racing points so .SS. iStaÄjy «»t any of the New South S\r ufimpn will visitmore of our Queensland racecourses Welshmen wili^sip ^ scarcely tempting th,8Th\,?thespSng meetings of New South Wales S^iätÄÄ int&fataro.; It can scarcely TL escaped the observant race-goer how very modo bÏÏS, sav bad, the great bulk of our Queensland Acs are Ä 'the exception of Nemo, Wanderer, .5 LaoV Leo, not one of thom, on the running of this SOD, seems to bo within nearly three stone of second Se foreign form; and even Nemo, Wanderer, and Lady Leo havei'ccessivply succumbed at weight for age to Suitor and Irish Stew. Lady Lee and Wanderer m AL\ failed to make their conquerors race in earnest, «nd Nemo alone, unless we take into account Chances Xl third in the Brisbane Craven Stakes, can be rec- koned within 71b of weight for age with tho best horses from across the border that have visited Queensland this vear On the " Stew's" running in Queensland his form need not be very high, for though Nemo ran Jani- tor very close, Janitor has never been the Janitor of the «Dring and summer since he invaded this colony ; still I fanoy the Ladykirk three-year-old is running on into form and we havo, or you have, by no means seen the best of him. But, however good he may be, he is pro- bably very many pounds inferior to Eichmond and Robin Hood, and scarcely the equal of Clifton and Valentia. . , Nemo, therefore, good and honest as he is, scarcely takes first-class rank among Australian racehorses, and botwoen him and the next best to himself there is a wide interval. Nemo first, as was said of Eclipse, and tho rest nowhere. Wanderer has apparently lost all his form, though his running this year rather confirma that of last year with Nemo, who could beat him at even weights over a scope of ground, even when Wan- derer was at his best. The badness of our average horses notwithstanding, we go on year by year giving away valuable prizes to be run for; we spare no expense ia breeding and importing stock; but there is no getting over the fact that, somehow or other, we don't improve. Ziaco was probably as good as Nemo, Chancellor was at least as good as either of thom, Charlton better than the three, and North Australian superior to the lot. We have stallions of good blood ; we have mares, whosB breeding would make the mouth water of Mr. Oooksou's or of Mr. Blenkirons's ghost ; but our pro- duce stakes are, year after year, carried off by second rate animals from across the boundary of the colony, and, with rare exceptions, we breed nothing fit to lace, against even our own second raters, much less against horses from your side of the country. Among our blood mares we have Adventuress, by Kingston, out of Sappho ; Beeswing, by New Warrior, out of Creeping Jennie, and own sister to Chieftain (formerly Coroner), whom some of your readers may remember being pur- chased for Queensland with another New Warrior two year-old, Recruit, out of Persiani ; Bijou, by Drum Major (a horse by Kettledrum, out of Amethyst, by Touchstone), out of Bouquet, by Sir Bichard, out of Flora, by Cap-a-pie (imp.) ; Caprice (imp.), by Oarac tacus, out of Mrs' Croft, by Prime Minister? sire of Knight of the Garter) ; Cassandra (imp.), by Oambus can, out of a mare by Voltigeur, out of Vanity, by Touchstone,; Chrysalis, by imp Pitsford, winner of 2000 guiueas, and second to Voltigeur in the Derby of 1850; Oodean (imp.), by Lord Lyon, out of the Gem, by Touchstone ; Creole, by New Warrior, out of Cleopa- tra, Cossack, out of Cassandra, by Seagrave (imp.) ; Electra,by New Warrior, oat of Kylo, by Vanguard; Emeute, by Panic (imp,), out of Miss Louey, by Cos- sack-Panic by Alarm, out of a Melbourne mare ; Esmeralda, by Lord of the Hills, out of Edith, by New Gazelle, by Drum Major (imp,), out of Gazelle, by Glauous; Legend (imp.), by Cathedral, out of Sybilla, by Pompey, out of Hawise, by Gereed ; Wheatsheaf (imp.), by Thornaandy, out of Greta, by Voltigeur; Stookdone (imp.), by Macaroni, out of Anonyma, by Stockwell, out of Miss Sarah, by Gladiator ; and Sun- dial (imp.), by Wild Dayrell, out of Miss Slick, by Muley Moloch, out of amare by Whisker, out of a mare by Sam. Hero is a galaxy of stud matrons, fit to breed Derby and Leger winners, everyone of them, if they were only judiciously mated ; and there, I suspect, is the rub. But little attention seems to bo paid in Queensland to what I wiU term the historio strains in the mating of. sires and mares ; anything that is thoroughbred does to mate with anything thoroughbred in Queensland. A maa takes up an advertisement, sotting forth tho pedi- gree of a thoroughbred horse with a number of famous names on both sides in the male and female line ; he concludes that the horse has a " good pedigree," and, without further thought, puts him. to a mare about whom he knows little or nothing except that she has a Pedigree a "yard long." The result may be a raco horse, but the chances are agaiustit ; the probability is 10 favour of a duffer, and this is the only principle wlnoh has guided our Queensland breeders. It was not chance that mated Oambuscan, by Newminster, by iouchstone, with a daughter of Voltigeur, from ^nmty, by Touchstone. It was by no fluke that Anonyma, by Stockwell, out of Miss Sarah nvno ran second to tho Baron for tho St. ¡$er of 1845), by Gladiator, to Macaroni, wmoh was the Bon of Sweetmeat, which was the son of wactiator, the horse that ran Becond to Bay Middleton tor the Derby of 1836, and not to he confounded with toe hero of the 2000 guineas Ddrby and St. Leger of woo. m most of the pedigrees I have quoted, curtailed »Li y n°c,088llrily »re, there is evidence of elaborate ana careful study, which haB also been applied in tho ri«f. 5 many of üur Queensland sires, hut tho ?UM ana mares seem to bo at cross purposes. A glance tH^mmati0U8 for tho Produce Stakes for the next n*«?f i-e° ycars wiU 8how that no Principle hasbeeu «xercisociinputting horses and mares together, except AulLnnnth£i°!?ghbre(i bor8° is as ß°°d *8 another, ELT "Mt for every thoroughbred mare." Still SanS i«00 d?ubt tbafc' wifch TZatä to stallions, wo uumitartïai.wedo m tbe nutter of mares not »monea ly, but in quality. Our best mares aro of BiS m,?i+3i3 fc,ha* °ur best 8iïes» and moreover, our thoîofil h!ÎMt 0f thom t00> are mattered all over tosn5y-'whlloourbe8li mares are concentrated, so Sons S,1U 0ao co,mer of ifc- MesBsrs. Bell and Boot In íw are8' the eem of tke QueouRland Stud ofauc.VÛiT I108808810» are content with the services burthÄn8a9 Silver l?ox, Laureate, and Bladens Wafeior nîÎÎtor£.w?H-bred, but untried, son of Indian «oeordlnÄ a H?rkawaV mare; the two former bred «iple 55i"°.caP»ceor fancy rather thau on any prin «ecded in ««Í5 . odmff to tíir Hercules scarcely suc Silver lK" n ClnB tt ra,oob-°Te of real merit in either , thom ara Hn»;, nW0?la' bÍ8 own btothtr, and neither of ' formanT rZ Î s B^es'on the &roull;<i of blood or per Tho laÎÀÏr h,e Produ^'iou of racing stock, introducedThrough Pastoral and Agricultural Show fronet £ fí."nmhttblfcaiít8 of Oontral Queensland to Duohaiw'. P,In ?.°;yoaf;old Hon of ^he Barb and Brown Domoa" «u ? «p nift thrcp-yoar-old colt by the " Black fy a«d Sovlla? »Ä5 Pc,iman' an Sported HOU of i rom New So fí,' w D?1"»»*«». a recent importation uteilr), out ni T- tílhy Graiidmaskor (»on of Gladi iovwer iB a bic «.«u în^ïi roU|i1.l*H divm' Sappho. The fig wit, with good lega under a by no moina taking body ; his forehead is not what it ought to be. and though his quarter is not bad in itself, it is ill set on to a far from good baok and loin, and there is a commonness about him which speaks ill for his com- petitors at the late Sydney Exhibition, where he car- ried off the modal in his class. Pundit shows more quality perhaps, but wants length sadly ; he is too round in the barrel, a fault, in my opinion, in a racehorse, though I am no advocate of any approach to flat ribs or wall Bides ; he is moro of a park hack than a racehorse, but he is showy and pretty. Fenman is well bred enough, but his forehand and middle-piece aro enough to condemn him either at tho stud or on the course, though he has good lengthy quarters, and, despite hia bad shapes, has an air of quality about him, reminding one of his grandsire Kingston, particularly about the crest, ears, and head. Doncaster I only saw in his clothing, and cannot say what manner of horse he is. Drum Major was a duffer himself as a racehorse, but it was no tyro in breeding who sent Amethyst to Kettledrum the year before the foal was brought into tho world. The principle of selec- tion was different from that exercised in the case of some of the mares quoted, but the selection was none the less the result of careful study, and I believe Drum Major to be about the best horse in Queensland to breed from with certain mares. Of no horse can more than this be said. Julius is well bred in the sense of coming from a tried racing family, both in its combinations and in the direct lines, and the combination of the Touch- stone and Birdcatcher strains is most happy in him. Lord of the Hills has always been an over-rated horse, as ho never got a real clipper or very good one, except Glencoe, but, for all that, the winning strain is in his sons and daughters, and julius was no mean performer on the turf in your colony some three years ago. Dizzy is dead, but his descendants should race, as he was by Big Ben, out of Dirt Cheap, by Orlando ; Big Ben, by Ethelbert, out of Phoebe, by Touchstone ; and Dirt Cheap also, a granddaughter of the son of Camel and Banter. Lothair, a son of Dizzy, out of Zoe, by Messenger, is an instance of judicious crossing; Zoe being, through Messenger, a granddaughter of Orlando out of Hurry Scurry, by Pantaloon, a rum cross of jthe Touchstone and Oastrel strains, the success of which was the winner of the English Turf some twenty- five or six years ago. t Recruit, by New Warrior, out of Persiani, by Sir Hercules, out of Persiani (imp.), by Tho Colonel, out of a mare by Eeveller, dam Veil by Rubens, should get race- horses, as should Sea King, by Lucifer (imp.) out of Fishfag, by Fisherman, out of Sapphire, by Muscovado a Sweetmeat horse. There are horses among these, as Well as mares, of rare strains, but until some care and study is exercised in putting them together we shall go on breeding I wretches such as the animals that figure at the tail end of the handicap lists, with weights varying from 5st 71b to 6st, as four, five, six-year-old, and aged horses, and yet never manage to win a race If the turf of Queens- land is,to take rank as an institution with the turf in the sister colonies, some different system of breediug and purchase must be followed. In the matter of pur- chase indeed, the rule in this colony has been to give high figures for inferior horses. MeBBrs. Bell and Son, for instance, paid 300 guineas for the worn-out Lord of the Hills, and a good round figure for Newbold, at his best far from tip top form ; and I suppose the sums they paid for tl>ese two, Silver Fox, Laureate, and Bladensburg, if put together, and added to a trifle more, would have bought such a horse as Gang Forward or the Marquis. In Victoria they go on importing, notwithstanding they have a host of home-bred stallions far better than we can boase of. The moral is obvious. iETHON. 