I THE " TOWER OF LONDON P : ... The II ev. Charles Clark delivered his j popular and very brilliant, lecture on the "Tower of London" in the Temperance Hall. ( 'amperdown. on Tnesdav i.-venimr last, to a select, yet crowded audience. The ' front seats were all occupied, in some parts inconveniently so, and the back seats com fortably filled. Since the erection of the Temperance Hall, there has not. we suppose, been a larger or more respectable audience in it, except when rhe Rev. Gharles Clark's : last lecture in Camperdown was delivered, ; which speaks volumes for this intellectual entertainment. On the present occasion Mr. Clark lectured on his own responsibility, and ho is now on a lecturing tour overland to Adelaide. H e was greeted with applause when he appeared on the platform, and j commenced his lecture by referring to the I monumental history. of Great Britain, giving the early history of the building of the \- Tower of London, and the superstitions told i in connection with the visit of the ghost of Thomas a' Bocketf, Archbishop of Canter- | tury, to one of its portions. The a-'count of j the execution of "Maud the Fair," the first lady victim of the Tower, was listened to j with breathless attention. The recitation : of "Clarence's Dream, " from Shakespeare's Richard 111., was given with powerful effect, and drew from the audience quite a storm of applause. The descent of Car dinal Fisher from the Delfrv Tower was next alluded to, aud while the account of it was being pictured, there were a few allu sions which made the room ring with laughter. The execution of Sir Thomas More, who died with laughter on his lips, ami the affection <>f his daughter Margarer, was given wilh great pathos, and was listened to with great attention. The Battle of the Faiths-— Cranmer. Ridley, ancl Latimer-— was delicately handled, on account of the many prejudices existing. After the execution of Lady Janei trey had been masterly described, the lecturer proceeded to describe the appear ance of Sir "Walter Raleigh, the splendid sailor, which occupied some time. JHis personal appearance was cleverly pourt- rayed, and then followe I <j urie facts connected with his life, and the cause of his death. The gunpowder plot occupied the lecturer's attention, and he expressed his conviction that if King James had been blown up no harm would have resulted, except that the | slobbering king , would, probably have been handed down as a martyr. Colonel Blood's I attempt to steal the Crown jewels from the I Tower, when attired as a clergyman, was j dexterously handled, the lecturer stating it j as his opinion ! that King 'Charles'? never : particular in what vav his money-chest was replenished, and which was at this time rather short, was a sleeping partner in- the transaction. The small rewards given t » the keeper of the jewels, who risked his life, and to his son, who was the means o: the capture of Blood, were admirably dwelt upon. Lord Nithslale's escape through the heroic conduct of his wife, was the last event referred to, and the leclurcr wound up with a masterly peroration, on the liberties of our modern age. Throughout Mr. Clark was listened to with breathless attention, and, very frequently applauded. The lecture was illustrated with a bird's eye view of Her Majesty's Tower, which greatly assisted the lecturer in. his -explana tions. The sin cess that lies attended t lis visit of Mr. Glark will probably induce liim to return from Adelaide overland, when he will probably li nd it to his ad van age to give a second lecture in Gamperdovn, by which time the new hall of the Mechanics' Institute- will very likely be at Lis disposal. 