THE OUTCASTS OF MEL- BOURNE BY A VAGABOND. " For thou seist that I am rich and full of goodis, and I have need of nothing, and thou woost not that thou art a wreeche and wreecheful."-Wiclif. 'The most outcast of wretches."-Scott. In every civilised community there is a vast substratum of poverty, disease, vice, and crime, and by its depth the stability of the institutions of the country may be judged. In cities which boast of the highest civilisa- tion and luxury, the opposite extreme is found. This arises from two causes-the op- position of nature (or natural impulses) to civilisation, and the quick step of the march of progress which leaves so many behind, forced or fallen from the ranks, to join the legion of the outcasts. Thus, the natural man loves dirt, and detests sanitary arrangements. He dislikes work, and wishes the perpetual gratification of all his passions without re- ference to the feelings or desires of others. These are very powerful impulses in the pro- duction of poverty and crime. Nature, which our whole course of religions and social training teaches us to fight against or con- trol, rebels against civilisation ; it is the worse for Nature, but the results sometimes recoil. Again, the competition for existence and the struggle for life amongst all classes in the Old World, throws many who, given a fairer chance, might have lived and died honoured by all, into the ranks of the unfor- tunate. Many have known no other life but are born and live hereditary outcasts. In new countries there should not be such thick layers of moral disease as in old ; nor are there—but swiftly they accumulate. The natural man leads many thither, and emigration from the old world brings so many lazy or incompetent, who sink downwards and downwards, until they are lost in the twin gulfs of poverty and crime. In the old world it almost appears true that " where wealth accumulates there men decay." Certainly, vice and misery accom- pany the greatest luxury and wealth in the large cities. Palace and hovel are not equally proportioned, but the hovel and its inmates are as much as possible kept out of sight. The spectre is there at their gates, but they take no notice. Look at Paris, six years back, fairest and gayest of the capi- tals of the world, the gathering- place of the nations. How charming and genial was the Imperial rule ! But underneath this velvet- gloved sway was the iron hand, wanted not only for political offenders. The 6,000 secret police distributed about Paris kept a careful watch on the thieves' quarters and the out- casts who swarmed in the Carrière d'Amerique or in the neighbourhood of the Buttes of Montmartre. Paris indeed was fair to look upon, but underneath her jewels and false hair, and henna and paint, could be seen the haggard cheeks, the thin lips, the frenzied eye of the pétroleuse. In Melbourne, however, the outcasts of society are plainly visible, and make their presence disagreeably felt ; yet society appears to take little heed thereof. Certain forms of vice and crime are rampant in Victoria, and appear to be endured, which would be speedily suppressed in England or America. In the latter country outrages on young children or women are in many states punished by death, and in others Judge Lynch often speedily settles such cases. As yet, the outcasts here are numerically weak, but year by year they will increase in strength, and some day, as in Paris, may become a source of great danger to property and life. Every large city in the world has in it the elements which caused the outrages of '93 and the Commune, They are present in London, in New York, in San Francisco. A slackening of the reins of law, a revolution, or a popular uprising, and the hydra which has been scotched so long uprears its head, and deals death and destruction all around. Many may laugh at this, and will fancy that applied to Victoria the proposition is absurd but the Melbourne of the future, a city of a million inhabitants, chief, perchance, in the great Australian federation, may see such an uprising, and unless by that time religion, law, and philanthropy have reduced the pro- portion of outcasts, the evil effects of their presence will be disastrously felt. So, in the following sketch of the outcasts of Mel- bourne I would beg the readers of The Argus to consider that this proportion of vice and crime is to be looked upon, not as a mere spot on the face of our fair civilisation, but as a deep- seated ulcer, which unless healed may eat deep into and destroy the body of the state. These unfortunates may be likened to parasites, which (fulfilling only their own natural impulses) prey upon the leaves of a noble tree. The tree increases in height and breadth, and flourishes fair in the face of the heavens, but the parasites in- crease also, their course is unmolested, and so in due time they suck away the sap and vigour of the monarch of the forest, its glory departs, and ruin alone remains The police reports in the daily papers show to the respectable outsiders that every one is not as they are. They read that certain men and women are daily brought before " Mr Sturt and a bench of magistrates,"and receive various sentences for different offences against person, property, or public decency. But the police reports are but dry bones, and give but a faint idea of the history of vice and crims to be read in the trials of the different pri soñers. A stranger glancing post the felons' dock, with its border of spikes, will see the pen into which the public are admitted crowded with youthful faces of a type which if he has travelled much, will be e&silj; recognised. It is to be seen in difieren quarters of all the cities of Europe ; it appear! in London in the pupils of Fagin ; crossing the Atlantic, the youthful rowdy of the Five Points and the Bowery has the same appear ance ; again,over river and prairie and moun tain,in San Francisco the ' ' hoodlum," the only rival of the Australian "larrikin," is to be found. It is remarkably strange that is the two greatest cities on the Pacific this detest- able species of youthful humanity should flourish as it does. It is to be hoped thal this is only a temporary wave of youthful vice which now rushes over both these cities, and that its abnormal cause may be detected and removed. One marked difference be- tween the Melbourne larrikin and his com. peers elsewhere is his extreme boldness and contempt of authorities. In Europe the rough avoids the neighbourhood of police courts. He loves not to be known by magistrates or detectives. But here the larrikin not only chaffs and annoys the policeman on his beat, but daily crowds the police-court, and manifests the liveliest in- terest in the fate of male or female friends who maybe on trial. A youth or a girl of a certain class being brought in, you will see that their first movement is to peep round the corner of the dock, and exchange a wink with their sympathising "pals." Numbers of the youths who daily crowd the small space allotted to the general public at the police-court are known as thieves from their youth upwards ; crime is here- ditary with them. Another marked dif- ference, which is in the larrikin's favour, is his generally better-fed and better- clothed ap- pearance. The rowdy and thief in the old world after all lead a miserable life, and generally their profession does not appear to be a lucrative one : but here, in the first stage, they seem physically in good case, A morning in the police-court is a sad study of Mel- bourne life. Here, for example, are two young girls, sisters, one quite a child, another a year or two older. They are charged with disorderly conduct. One girl smiles at her friends behind, and then tries to look peni- tent, in which endeavour she is not a success ; the other's trembling lip and tearful eye show that this is her first offence. They have to go to gaol for a month, and nnless some good Christian looks after them there, one girl who might have been saved will certainly now bo irrevocably fixed in her downward course. Of those unfortunates, ministers to man's pleasure, who are more or lesS numerous in every community, the police court claims its fair share. Sometimes they are charged with theft, in which case they appear to be always instigated by some male com- panion, but generally their offence is drunken- ness or disorderly conduct Their apathy in the dock is striking ; they recognise well that they have offended against the laws, which they think bear so hardly upon them, and hear their sentences without a murmur. As drunkenness brings these poor women to the bar. so it does the majority of their male friends. But many others, hard- working men, also have to pay the fine and costs for indulging too freely. Intemperance seems to be the bane of the working classes in the colonies, The frightful assault cases which are sometimes heard generally have their rise in a drinking bout " I was mad drunk and don't know what I did" is often the excuse.' Many of those who are conviored of " brutal assaults" are not criminal in their instincts, but are overpowered by the fright- ful lust for personal combat and for smiting their enemies which is so prevalent in the Anglo-Saxon race. Look at that man in the dock ! A good honest look he has ; but around his mouth and in his eye there lurks a devil, and when aroused it will fare ill with his opponent. He is one of those men whose nature leads them to fight. In another stage of society he might act as a rival to " Guy Livingstone," or any other of Ouida's heroes, who are renowned for their "panther springs"and "terrific blows." (I beg to recommend to that authoress a new phrase-" kangaroo leap"-to which an Irish policeman compares the onslaught of the man I am describing.) This man will, for a fearful assault on another, be imprisoned for some months ; his rough nature will revolt against the punishment for his offence, and associations at Pentridge or the gaol will complete his demoralisation. This is one case in which natural impulses and civilised laws both combine to make a criminal. And now look at these poor creatures charged with vagrancy. Homeless and houseless, they are convicted of the fearful crime of their existence. A sentence of three months is a blessing which they should appreciate. It is commonly reputed that a vagrant gets a heavier sentence than a minor thief ; if so, it is the better for both of them. Many young larrikins are brought up "on the vag." They are known thieves and bad characters, according to the police, who at- tempt to rid the neighbourhood of them in tbis way, but as a rule a subscription is raised which obtains the services of a legal gentleman, who produces evidence to show that his client is a hardworking, respect- able youth, and the larrikin is discharged, to the triumph of his companions and dis comfiture of "Mr. Detective." In the police- court father appears against son, mother against daughter, brother against brother The prisoners in the majority of cases are, as I have said, those who may be called heredi tary criminals, or made so by early asaocia tion. Now and then, however, a prisoner is seen of a superior class. Look at this woman; she is haggard and worn out by dissipation, but has the remains of past beauty. She first came out to the colonies as the wife of "a gentleman," the son of a major-general in the British army. After a time he re turned to England, deserting her, but not before he had lived on the earnings of her shame. Her after-career may be imagined— drink is her only comforter now- There is one class of offence often met with, and the perpetrators of which force my sympathy (" A Vagabond " cannot help having ill regulated ideas.) These are those who are charged with throwing tobacco or tea over the walls of the gaol. They have generally been inmates themselves, and knowing the hardships they have undergone, strive to mitigate those of some ex-comrade. The act seems to me to spring from motives to be cherished rather than put down, and speak ing as one who has lived as a vagabond, and writing from their point of view, I do not think you will ever persuade people of that class that they are committing a criminal action in trying to help a mate with a little tobacco. Make your precautions so strict that it will be impossible to hold communication with or forward anything to prisoners over the walls, is my advice to the gaolers. However, this offence is generally heavily punished, and the re-imprisonment for doing what he considers to be a good act certainly does not favourably impress the culprit to wards the authorities. His heart is more likely to harden, and more than ever he will be an enemy to law and order. Any one who would know the real state of vice and crime in Melbourne cannot do better than com menee his studies by passing a morning at the police-court. In spite of all the physical annoyances, the wrangling of the lawyers (as disgraceful as the conduct of some M.L.A.'s) he will learn much which Government, reli- gion, and society would gladly gloss over, In the police-court the criminal and outcast come most prominently before the public notice, at least it is only when they arrive there that their doings are chronicled. But they force their presence on us, without our taking much heed, in all our principal thoroughfares. The thief we cannot detect by his outward appearance, but the Magda lene flaunts along conspicuously, and virtue hardly turns up her nose, and certainly has no room to gather up her skirts to one side Society, it has been said, devotes its finest men and its finest women to destruction. Its finest man it drills, and pipeclays, and sends away to be shot or cut to pieces ; its finest women it sacrifices in another way. I hope this is not true of Victoria, for the Traviatas who walk our street are not the finest samples of female beauty. Walk along Bourke street any night, and girls are to be seen—some merely children-drifted,drifting, and half- anchored The state of morality amongst the working girls in Melbourne is worse than in Paris, and they commence their downward course earlier. Workroom and shop recruit the ranks of the unfortunate. Work makes the hands black, and does not always keep the reputation white. They are led astray by a love of fine clothes and admiration, couple with early-developed strong passions, and their fall is not purified by the ghost of love—love which is the essence of the life of a grisette. The Melbourne Magda lene goes her way wilfully, and of her own accord. She has no shame in her wrong- doing, and false sentimentality should not be wasted upon her. " They can't be allays a workin," said Mr. Sleary, "they must be smoothed sometimes," and the larrikin and thief, with their female companions, take their pleaeure as the rest of the world. Let us walk into this concert-hall, which by the flaming advertisements which meet us at all points, should be a popular place of amuse ment, Let us first take a sixpenny ticket and go up into the balcony. The room is a Iong one, and there is scant accommodation for "the gods." We are amongst a crowd of youths and boys, with a sprinkling of girls of the very lowest class. Larrikins and thieves all of these. But there is good order amongst them, perhaps because the performances are dull and depressing, or because of the an nouncement prohibiting " whistling or shout ing, or any sort of disorderly conduct," and containing penal clauses as to removal by the police. Downstairs, in the body of the hall, to enter which we pay 1s., the specta tors are not of a much superior class. They are better dressed, and have a little more money, but one thing appears more evident that few people who can claim the slightest share of respectability visit this "popular resort." Here waiter girls walk around and solicit you to "shout ;"when you refuse they will give you a little gentle abuse, and return to the sweet converse of their particular larri kin lovers. The performances are of the usual low music-hall style. There are some "nig- gers," whose jokes are frightfully gross, and the comic songs are only conspicuous for dulness and indecency, A child of about 10 dances and sings prettily, but she is being taught in the very worst school, and one of her dances is only redeemed from indecency by her youth and innocence. What will be her future ? After the performance is over part of the floor is cleared away and dancing com- mences. The women, of course, are all of a class, and this seems to be meant for their encouragement, as we see an nouncements that "gentlemen will not be allowed to dance together, or the music will be stopped." Places of amusement of this kind are baiting-houses on the larrikins' high road to Pentridge. It is a great pity some place of healthy public amusement cannot be started in Melbourne. People will be amused, and the masses of the people like smoking and drinking, and have no notion of amusement without, and if good healthy music and performances can be given them with these so much the better. In the "gaffs" in the East-end of London, and on the Surrey side, I have seen entertainments which, however classed from an artistic point of view, as regards morality were far superior to anything to be seen at the large theatres. The moral of each performance was plain and simple, vice punished, and virtue re- warded, and the audiences loudly applauded. I was told that there were many thieves present at these places. If so, they got the benefit to be derived from the lessons of the stage. And by their amusements you may gauge the moral standard of a people or class. I wonder that in Melbourne some one does not start a beer garden, where all classes could go, and smoke, drink, and listen to good music. During the hot summer days this should be an attractive place of entertainment, and if lager beer could be brewed here so much the better. All classes of people would be amused and refreshed, and the better the entertainment, the better for society at large. Larrikins and thieves greatly resort to the cheap billiard rooms. There are one or two in a principal thoroughfare which are daily crowded with such. They are mostly youths and boys, and those who are not thieves and sharpers are flats and pigeons, being inducted into the mysteries of the Larrikin's Progress, the stages of which may be divided into drink, gamb- ling, rowdyism, assault, police-court, gaol, thief. The skittle alleys claim their fair share of the patronage of this class, and in certain hotels, one of notable repute in Bourke-street may be instanced, where the votaries of chicken-hazard assemble, the thief and the fast man-about- town meet on neutral ground and call the main. With all this known to the police, it seems strange that prosecutions are not in- stituted against the proprietors of such houses. Is gambling only a crime when the money goes Into Chinese pockets ? Vice per- meates through all classes of society, and the high-toned roué who would give £20 to keep his name out of the police-court," often associates with gamblers and thieves, who wish to keep their incognito for a different reason. Where do the criminal classes of Mel- bourne live? Within a stone's-throw of our principal thoroughfares and places of busi- ness. I do not suppose any city in the world can show such foul neighbourhoods centered in its very heart Between Bourke-street and Lonsdale-street there are a number lanes, "terraces," "squares," and rights-of way, the present condition of which is a disgrace to the city. The habitations are mostly of a kind, one-storied hovels, low dilapidated, and dirty. The surroundings are filth and garbage. From a sanitary point of view the existence of such quarters is a great nuisance, if not a positive danger to public health. Go through tbese on a summer's afternoon. The occupants you will see are mostly women, and of what a type-low degraded, brutal-looking, who, young and old, seem as if virtue and purity had never been known to them even by name. Young girls—there are many here—have their youth and freshness overshadowed by vice; older women, who once may have belonged to the aristocracy of the demi-monde, have flabby cheeks and features now swollen by drink. The number of very young girls to be seen in these quarters is something to shock even one used to the aspects of vice in the Old World. Melbourne is remarkable for this, and, as a rule, men are not so much to blame. These women, I am told, never see innocence but they wish to mar it, and they tempt children to their ruin, some so young that they really may be said to have never known any other state, There is little of the woman about these un- sexed beings, except that occasionally they may be seen sitting in the sun doing a little needlework or mending their clothes. The hovels, which are small, being generally tenanted by several couples, cause society in their neighbourhood to be of a very publlic kind, the doorsteps, tho kerbstones, and the centro of the road forming convenient resting-places for the female population, who sun themselves and interchange ideas and opinions which are generally couched in language which it is an euphuism to call merely bad. Of the soiled doves who form the upper class of the demi-monde in Melbourne I shall say but little. Society is fully aware of the presence and doings, although these, even with the institution of the vestibules at the "saddling paddock," have not attained the heights of infamy of their compeers in the large cities of Europe and America. Mel- bourne, happily, has not yet arrived at stage where Lais and Phryne give re- gular soirées, and issue invitations, printed on the finest and most beautifully embossed paper, to the Government officiais, the mayor, aldermen, magistrates, judges, and members of the Legislature, and where the magistrate joins in the dance with the beautiful but frail beings whom to-morrow he may send to the house of correction. We are not quite so bad in this respect as San Francisco. But the harvest of these women is only for a time. Death, drink, or age over- takes them, and they sink to the level of the outcasts of whom we write. To return to the lanes and rights-of-way. The condition of things here is the fault of the owners of the property. It seems that these miserable hovels bring in rents far higher than good cottages in other localities. The worse the neighbourhood the higher the rent This is really hard upon the occupants. Men or women who may have been a little crooked are forced to lodge here, and are swindled by the landlords, besides being condemned to associations which certainly will hasten their downward course. The proprietors of these dens of iniquity are,I am told, in some cases, men of repute, with the first seats at the synagogue : in others they are women who have saved money in their career of shame, and now trade upon that of others who occupy their houses. But we have as yet only seen women ; where are tbeir male companions? They are mostly inside sleeping until night, or they are at the corner publichouse, or loafing about looking for prey. There is one man often to be seen around here-tall, spare, with grey hair and beard, and a mild, benevolent expression cf countenance. I see that most of these out- casts know him, and that he freely enters their houses. This is Mr. George Hill, the police court missionary, whose business it is to endeavour to save children and beginners in a career of vice. I don't know what sect Mr. Hill belongs to, but he is very unsec- tarian-indeed, secular in the good advice I have heard him give, and he is everywhere treated with respect and esteem by these unfortunates. Let us witness one of his interviews. At the corner of one of the lanes running into Little Bourke street stands a coloured boy, bright and smart-looking, the sort of lad who in the old days you would take into the house to cut your tobacco and make your sangaree. Hill is gently warning him of his mode of life, and offers to find him a place to work, but be refuses On the opposite side of the road has been standing a young man of under-size, with bristly whiskers, scarf around his neck, and quiet, stealthy manner which is very suggestive. He is a convicted thief He sidles across the road, and approaches me. I doubt his intentions, but remember that I have little in my pockets. However, he only comes to listen, and at last, turning to the boy, says, " Why don't you take Mr. Hill's offer; you'll he sorry for it in 10 years time if you don't," and then he joins his mate and they slink off to the Eastern Market By this time two or three have gathered around Mr. Hill, and one of them says, "Can't you get me a place, sir" He further says that he has only just "come out," and the police threaten to run him in again, and afterwards fetches his brother out of the corner public-house, who says, " So help me God I'll work if I can get a chance." There are three of them who have just " done" six months for assault One, a man with a neat set figure, has, despite a large scar, a pleasing face which I like. I am told he is one of the most desperate ruffians in Melbourne. I believe he is only a Guy Livingstone, and that but for gaol assoc- ciations he would be an honest man. These three vow they have had nothing to eat that day, having been turned out without break- fast, but their mates had been standing beer for them at the public house. Well, eighteen- pence will get three good meals in Mel- bourne, and provided with this, plenty of good advice, and a recommendation to the Prisoners' Aid Society, they leave, promising not to enter the public house (a noted thieves resort) again. The sequel of these incidents in that two days after the mulatto boy was sen- tenced to six months' imprisonment for theft, and that one of the three men at least is earning on honest livelihood, as I met him the other day in Bourke- street, with black hands and face, which he was proud of as he stopped and told me he meant to keep square in the future. As for the thief who gave the good advice to the coloured lad, he will doubtless soon be again in gaol. His style of de- livery was that of one who has lost all hope for himself. But indeed, as regards the male criminals, they do not appear so solicitous to drag youth into sin as females do. Here, out- side another public-house, we meet a youth who leads by the hand a pretty little child. He, also, has just " come out" In reply to inquiries, he says he does not drink now because of his head, and he shows a fright- ful scalp wound not yet healed. He has several other scars on his face and head, some caused by policemen's handcuffs. (They will not let members of the force carry staffs here, but handcuffs properly used are far more dangerous.) This youth, in reply to a question if the child belongs to him, says, "He's my brother,but I hope to God he'll never grow up like me. This was said sincerely, and was evidently heartfelt, yet the speaker bears one of the worst characters in Mel- bourne, a policeman whom I meet shortly afterwards telling me that "he always ought to be in gaol, and then there'd be some peace in the neighbourhood." The police work according to their lights as suppressors of crime, and when they see a criminal return from gaol to his old haunts (and where else is he to go ?) they are only too apt to take the first chance of arresting him. But even a criminal should have justice, and to arrest or threaten (and both are done) a man on the day he leaves gaol is not only unjust but absurd. The one striking difference between these thieves and those of the old world is their healthier appearance. We have seen that they have an aristocratie taste for billiards, and they are also fond of the aristocratic necessity—a bath. Whether a clean healthy criminal is less dangerous than a dirty diseased wretch is an open question. Let. us look now at another class of out- casts. In the scrub lining the banks of the Yarra, in the Government reserves, in the public gardens, and in the bush around Mel- bourne during the long summer's days, men and women are to be seen lying on their backs in the shade enjoying the dolce far niente. They are all of one class—" homeless, ragged, and tanned." They are mostly with- out family, without friends, without bodily strength, ignorant of any trade, of feeble health, and whose only associates are as themselves. They are vagrants pure and simple, fear of the law and want of nerve keeping them from being actively criminal, but still ever ready to commit any petty theft if they can do so without chance of detection. They are generally past middle age, and subsist by begging food, living during the summer in the open air. In the winter many flock to the Immigrants Home and Benevolent Asylum; others commit offences to be sent to gaol The men appear mostly to have drifted into their present state through indolence and want of sufficient mental stamina to fight the battle of life Strong drink, of course, has often been an agent in their downfall. The women are chiefly outcasts whose age and faded attrac- tions prevent them plying their trade. In Paris they would he ragpickers ; here they are simply vagrants. But there are a few who have seen far better days. I met one man who talked learnedly in Greek ; he had been a clergyman or dissenting minister, and drink had brought him to this. The history of another was so strange, illustrating the freaks which fortune plays with our destinies, that I wish to narrate it as an example of how men may become outcasts almost in spite of themselves. It was in my evil days, when I was glad to sleep durirg the summer heat in some of the resorts first mentioned. I had noticed this man : he looked any age from 30 to 40, his clothes were ragged, shoes he had none. He had hardly a dissipated look, but one now mournfully despairing, again defiant. Once or twice I gave him some tobacco, and one day he opened his heart to me. " I am going to tell you my story," he said. " I don't know why I should, but in this life we feel we must confide in some one, which I suppose causes the great success and permanent in- stitution of the confessional. I should feel a relief in confessing to a priest, but I don't believe in any religion. You are a man of education, and have had I suppose, hard times of it, but I'll bet not so hard as mine. No matter what my name is or where I was born. My father was a pro- fessional man, and, after some years at one of the great public schools (yes, sir, I've played at Lord's in the annual match), I was trained to follow in his footsteps. My father was a pretty bad man, and in the end my mother was obliged to separate from him. Of course all my sympathies were with her, but I tried to make every allowance for the governor; be was my father you know, and although I had left him I occa- sionally saw him on business matters. Well, years went on. I had a hard struggle, but fought my way upward in my profession, and two years ago had a fair chance of fortune, and, what I valued more fame. Then, in the country I again met a lady-a rich widow. I bad known her be- fore she was married. I suppose she wanted a husband, at all events she made love to me. I was agreeable, and we were married Here I was, settled in life you will say—but not happy. I had to give up the active duties of my profession, which I loved, and reside on my wife's property in the country. I hated English country society. I felt de- graded in my own eyes at being kept by a woman. My wife, too, was absurdly jealous, for which she had little cause, as I'm not a woman's man. In six months the end came. My wife's pro- perty was all settled on her, but she gave me funds to invest for her. I invested some thousands in London in her name, and the company failed ; then madame finely abused me (I had no idea she was a virago). She accused me of robbing her, and ended by showing me some letters written by my worthy father to her before her marriage in which he accused me of all sorts of crimes, and said I was not his son. This was in revenge for my re- fusing to promise him a large loan when he heard of my engagement, I had told him I would not touch nor divert any of my wife's money, and he wrote me an angry letter that I should be sorry for it. Well, sir, of course this was a lie, but a woman who could throw it in my face was a devil. I left her house, went to London with nothing but what I had on, and wrote her I had committed suicide I did this because I swore I would never see her again. Then I came out here, and for more than 12 months I've been going to the devil. I cannot practise my profession. I am dead, and my diplomas of no use. I've tried everything, but what can men like myself do here. I've come to this at last, and shall end in gaol or the Yarra. I believe in nothing. I hope nothing. The only thing I wish is that there would be a riot or re- bellion, that I could aid in smashing up some of those respectable people who turn up their noses at me as I limp by—I who am their superior in birth, breeding, or education, none of which, however, are worth a —— to me now. If there is a hell I dare say I shall go there, but I am sure I shall meet the relatives who have driven me to this. Now, mate, that's my tale, and I don't think you can imagine a harder case. Two years ago I was respected, famous in a degree, not wealthy, but on the road to competence, and through a marriage, which everyone thought was such a great thing, and through a father's hatred and a woman's passion, I am now nameless, homeless, and hungry." I admitted that his was indeed a sad case, that he was almost the victim of circum- stances, and as such I present it to the readers of The Argus. I thoroughly be- lieve his tale was true, as he could have no interest in deceiving a fellow- vagabond, I believe, too, that unless some Brother Cbeeryble should take him in hand, and on trust, that he will yet be a very dangerous member of colonial society. Vagrants and beggars are always dangerous. Individually, of weak temperament, they do little harm to society, whilst the law which they fear so much keeps a strong hand upon them. But let the reins be once relaxed or dropped for a time and they will join their hardier companions in crime, and, according to the rule of all weak natures, their vicious ferocity will be all the more powerful for having been so long sup- pressed. Now let us see what society (through the aid of religion, government, and philan- thropy) is doing for the prevention of crime and the reformation of the criminal. Mel- bourne is well provided with religious accom- modation for all sects; but the ordinary churches and chapels are entirely outside of the range of the outcast As a rule, he will not go to look for religion ; it must come and seek him. So two Gospel-halls have been erected in evil neighbourhoods — one in O'Brien-lane, the other in Little Bourke street. These are ostensibly for services on behalf of the criminal and degraded, and are entirely supported by voluntary con- tributions, The management is unsecta- rian, although at present the conductors are mostly Baptist. I had seen the outcast at the police court, in the slums, and taking his amusement, so I thought I would see him at prayer, and the other night made my way to O'Brien- lane. It is indeed a foul neighbourhood in which the hall is situated. In the day-time it is uninviting, the dilapi- dated huts, reeking of filth and garbage, are pleasing to no sense ; and in the night-time it looks worse. An evil shadow is thrown over all—crime seems to lurk round every corner. And many crimes have been com- mitted along these dark alleys, which seem especially made for the convenient and safe perpetration of each. The hall is a plain brick building. Outside there is an announce- ment that services are held on Sunday and Wednesday evenings. During week-days it is occupied as a state school, where num- bers of the juveniles of the neighbourhood are instructed. Coming from the old country it is strange to see the well-fed, healthy appearance of the children in such a neigh- bourhood as this. I have visited this school, and could hardly believe that these were children recruited from the worst quarter of Melbourne. Entering the hall, I found that service had already commenced ; a young gentleman, a bank clerk I am told, was read- ing a portion of Scripture. The place was well filled with well-dressed people, every one of whom, by their appearance, might be regular chapel-goers. It is evidently a weekly gathering with them. The hymns they all know and join in. There was not a single mem- ber who by his or her appearance belonged to the class which this hall should attract. It was just a weekly prayer meeting of a few good Chris- tians. I was told afterwards that I must not judge by appearances, that some of those present had been bad characters, and had been redeemed. One man had only been saved from death by the fact that the only witness (his own daughter) did not know of the existence of a God. But that was lone since. Now, all present, I believe, could thoroughly claim to be "respectable." It was not the dress alone—although one can judge much by that, and the good neat attire of many young women was an evidence of their inward mind—but the features of those pre- sent, which would lead to the supposi- tion that one was a thousand miles from such a neighbourhood. Here there were none with that essentially crimi- nal cast of countenance to be seen in the police court, in the slums, in the music- hall, and low billiard rooms. The thief and the Magdalene live within a stone's throw, but they come not to the Gospel-hall. According to the service I heard, it seems to act as the meeting place of a Mutual Admira- tion Praying Society. We had prayers from about 10 different individuals, besides the chairman or conductor. They were much alike—a good deal of talk about grace which a thief would not understand. One young man, who gloried in having been " a sinner", and rejoiced, like Uriah Heep, in his humbleness, was, however, very con- fident that he was saved, and that many of us would be damned, The chair-. man, a very energetic and enthusiastic gentleman, gave an impassioned address, in which he referred to a young man just dead, who, having, lived a sinner till within the last three months, hedged at the right mo- ment, and was now—according to the state- ment—" asleep in Jesus." (How do people know these things?) The proceedings were very edifying, no doubt, to all concerned; but did not appear to be of the slightest good to O'Brien-lane. Until the last we might be in a chapel in the most respectable street in London. It is true the proceedings were rather dull (and, speaking as a vagabond, would have quite the opposite effect to con- verting me), and the prayers and addresses mediocre. I have heard better in a little Prim- itive Methodist chapel in an English country village. True, the "preacher" was Joseph Arch, one of the finest natural orators in Europe. Before the last prayer, however, the chair- man asked that we should specially remem- ber the poor outcast girls, and implore blessings on the efforts of the visitors. I do not wish to run down the services at this hall. The conductors mean well, but there is too much of the Pharisee in it, and the Publican does not stand even afar off. He protests altogether by his absence, and by a few stones banged against the door by sym- pathising larrikins. Too many respectable people go to the hall—criminals and Magda- lenes will not mix with such, to be stared at. One or two energetic men like the chair- man, who would go out into the slums, and bring in to the service a few real out- casts to begin with, would do more good than 10 praying amateurs inside. I speak as one who bas tried to gauge the thoughts of the unfortunate. This hall does good, no doubt ; but not to the class of which I write. At the other Gospel-hall, I found the assem- bly even more respectable. There are one or two city missionaries and some ladies, dis- trict visitors, who do what they think best in the line of distributing tracts, but on the whole I think religion has totally failed to serve as an agent of prevention or reclama- tion from vice and crime. The only good effected appears to have been done by Mr. Hill, and he, very wisely, in his work seldom brings ostensibly forward the reli- gious question. For the prevention of crime Government does little. The industrial schools are capital institutions for the re- ception of neglected children, indeed the other day I beard a prominent Government offier vaunting the glories of the Constitu- tion in this wise-"Yes, this is a splendid country, sir; if a man has an illegitimate son be may have him sent to an industrial school, then to a free school, and afterwards put into a Government billet" Children who are eligible to be sent to industrial schools are, according to the act, " Any found begging or receiving alms, or frequenting any public place for that purpose ; or any found wander- ing abont or sleeping in the open air, without home, settled place of abode, or visible means of subsistence ; or any residing in a house of ill-fame, or associating or dwelling with criminals, drunkards, or vagrants, or any having committed offences, who shall, in the opinion of the justices, in consideration of age or other circumstances, be sent to an industrial school ; or any whose parents may swear they cannot control them, and who give satisfaction to the justices for their maintenance in the school." This is sweeping enough, and if thoroughly carried out to the letter, very few children would be left in the evil neighbourhoods of which I have written. But whilst doing great good the schools only retain the chil- dren for a time, when they are discharged, if they go back to their criminal friends or re- latives, they will soon fall into the hands of the police, and then prison or the reforma- tory is before them. From the reformatory they are discharged at the age of 16, just the time when the passions and imaginations of Australian youth are most vivid, and when they require moat careful treatment And this seems to me to be the point which has most to be considered—how to control and divert youthful vice and crime, or in other words, how to put down lar- rikinism. Of late years statistics show that offences against the person and rob- beries with violence have diminished in Victoria. The police say that crime in Mel- bourne is on the decrease, with the exception of larrikinism and drunkenness. But all the old c riminals are in gaol or dying out Ac- cording to the Australian Year-book, "after 60 years of age one person on the average out of every 269 of that age living was a prisoner throughout the year." It is the new genera- tion of wickedness which we have to fear, and drunkenness and larrikinism are the two great feeders of crime in Melbourne. Day by day the ranks of the roughs are swelled by juvenile recruits ; and looking at the popula- tion and the condition of our streets, the supply appears to be inexhaustible, and the manner in which they band together and defy the public and police, and the money which they seem enabled to raise to pay for lawyers and fines, is a proof how dangerous they may become when they have graduated through gaol or Pentridge. Next to the pre- vention of crime is the reclamation of the criminal. For this, Government has done no- thing with the exception of bestowing grants to the amount of £150 to the Prisoners' Aid Society during the past three years it has been in existence. In this time 368 male criminals have been assisted by the society, and only 13 females. This society has dons good, and is but the beginning of what should be undertaken by the state. This is no new idea ; the state of Massachusetts has for years had on official prisoners' aid society, which has effected the greatest amount of good Other American states have officially esta- blished or patronised such institutions, and on the Continent several Governments take care of the discharged prisoner's future. In tbis connexion, an article in The Australasian of May 6, on "Prison Discipline,"should be read, as it shows the excellent results to be obtained from the system of paid prison labour, Religion and Government, then, at present have little effect on the outcasts, and private philanthropy has only done visible good through the efforts of the Prisoners' Aid Society. There are Magdalen asylums and refuges for fallen women, but to the real outcast these are of little avail. It is said that the ladies of Melbourne do not take sufficient interest in the fate of their fallen sisters, and that the reclamation of these can only be effected by them, I recognise fully the difficulties ladies will experience in attempting to deal with this class in Mel- bourne. It will be very disgusting work, too, for they will find the Magdalene not bathed in tears, not penitent, but probably drunk, not in the hope of finding nepenthe, but for the mere love of it. According to the testi- mony of Mr. Castieau a great number of these spend year after year in gaol, and there is little chance of their being reclaimed. I would rather suggest to charitable ladies that they should bestow their attention on the young girls who are being broken in to a career of vice. Workshop and factory supply these in numbers, like the larrikin class, quite out of proportion to the popula- tion, and, as I have written before, some of these girls go the road to ruin wilfully, and as easily as the young woman who comes to grief in the first chapter of Mr. Jenkins's new work, the Devil's Chain. (This gentleman, in his preface, says the results he depicts might be possible from the effects of drink. He missed a great chance in not depicting the death of the Heir Apparent by being up- set through the careless driving of a drunken companion, consequent revolution and an- archy in England, and smash-up of the British empire, all through "one extra glass." Colonial readers will please notice the plagiarism from Mr. Marcus Clarke.) I have not spoken of Chinese vice, that is abnormal and is confined to that race. A few women may cohabit and smoke opium with Chinamen, young girls may be sold to them, but the crime there is with the white pro- curess. The danger existing from the present and future race of outcasts of Mel- bourne is not affected by the Chinese element Mes amis, these imperfect sketches of the unfortunates who are all around you, whose life is one of misery, sin, crime, but little shame, are written by one who has himself been down into the depths. My moral is to point out to you, officials of the Government, to you ministers of the Gospel, to you who compose respectable society, that your present efforts to prevent sin and re- claim the sinner are of little avail, and that it will be well for you and your descendants if ye take heed quickly, and Government, religion, and society joining together turn away the present tide of youthful vice from the land, otherwise the future may yet see bitter fruit borne from the presence of the outcast and dangerous classes of society. =========================== THE Governor of the Bahamas states in his report on 1874, recently issued, that the trade in cave earth, or guano, which is found throughout these ilands, has materially in- creased, large vessels arriving in ballast for this valuable fertiliser, which is. sold in American markets at prices varying from 35 dol. to 60 doL per ton. Unfortunately, while its value was.not known, a monopoly for seven years was granted to an American firm on payment of the ridiculously small sum of £100 a year, and 2s. per ton royalty. It is roughly calculated that there are at least 200,000 tons of this valuable deposit in the Bahamas, but the Governor states that there may be double that quantity. AN unusual scene was witnessed at Ban- bury recently. Mr., Corbett Holland Cor- bott's staghounds met at Mr. Scriven's at Wormleighton-hill, near Banbury, in the morning. After a run over a hard.country the stag made for Banbury, crossing the River Cherwell and the Oxford and Bir- mingham Canal. The stag ran up a narrow lane, and then made his appearance in one of the most frequented thoroughfares of Banbury, followed by the hounds and the horsemen. One or two children were knocked down, and some of the horses came down at the crossings. , After running through the town the stag was ultimately captured at Broughton Castle, the seat of Lord Saye and Sele, about three miles from the town. 