SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1876. TIIE new trial in the libel action, Trac;y v. Luke, terminated in the Supreme Court, Melbourne, on Wednesday, in a ,erdict for defendant. The same result attended the first action in August last, the defendant on both occasions pleading justification. We are unable to-day to give as full a report as we desire of the new trial, and therefore confine our selves for the present to this notice, partly through pressure on our columns of other matter, but mainly because in our issue of Tuesday we shall be able to complete the report by a verbatim note of the Chief Justice's summing up to the jury. His Honor said the action had attracted a good deal of attention through being to a certain extent appa rently a political one; and it also in volved a question of great public impor tance, namely, the responsibilities of reporters and newspapers. We are una ware of anything in the conduct of either of the parties to the action that can be interpreted as having direct poli tical aim or meaning. No doubt the "torturing," with the publicity it has attained, has had the effect of drawing attention to the reply of the Lands Department to the Coulsons, who were told that " if they were bona fide selec tors, they would be equitably dealt with, although non-resident" on their seleo tions. This is a common form of reply to applicants for selections, and to ordi aryi people it seems to be equivalent to a waiver-whether legal or not-of the residence condition. Hence, perhaps, the fact that this libel action has at tracted unusual attention. SoEs moneths alu a petition was forwarded to Melbourne signed by many of the lead Ing inhabitants of Sale, praving for the erection of a gaol here; and of' course the stereotyped answer cane back iutinmating that the request had been received, and would meet with due consideration. ''here, of course, the matter would, even in the usual and natural course of events, have ended, bad no further agitation taken place on the subject; but, in the meanwhile. the absurd and vexatious attempt of the minority in the Lower House to delay the payment of the public creditors was made, and served in this, as in all other cases of a similar character, na au excellent reaSon why the Gtovernment sohuld hesitate to undertake fresh responathiltbe, while there ?was a danger of existing claims remaining ~insatisfied for an indefinite time. This difficulty has, however, been now sur emounted, and the question now is whether -.he request should not again be pressed tihpon the notice of the authorities. One I great point to be prominently brought for ward is the fact that Sale is now the only iasize town in the colony without such a convenience; and although the presence of such an institution is hardly, perhaps, a positive testimony to the civilisation of .,ardistrict, there can be no doubt that it is, e.toa certain extent, a gauge of the impor 'i.tance of the town in which it is situated. s Now that the construction of our railway i: progressing so satisfactorily and rapidly, it becomes the duty of the citizens of Sale to take some decided steps to evoke an expression of opinion as to the best means by;which the communication between the town and the shipping shall be ,secured. The time is an unusually favourable one, for our Ergineer-in-Chief has just returned from his tour round the world, doubtless, with many new ideas on these subjects, and conversant with the results of the more extended experiences of Europe and America in all these matters. Time is slipping rapidly by, and we know that governiments as a rule will remain quies cent so long as the people appear to rest satisfied with what is being done for them in the usual official routine. But, in the mean time, the works are progressing fast along the line, and if we allow things to remain in abeyance too long, we shall find that it will not he so easy to obtain what we require as if we had taken steps in time, and laid our plans before the Govern .ment long enough to ensure sufficient examination of them. We hope soon to hear of some public expression of opinion on ithis important subject. 3 ,Owing to the late hour at which our 'alhalla telegranms arrived, and to a pres sure of other matter on our space, we are osmpeolled to hold over the Companies' reports. The state of the market, how ever, will be found in our telegraphic columns. "vd' Subscriber" writes in reply to" Messrs Cuninghame and Co., " still maintaining .that what he has stated in reference to cer tain racing matters is correct. WVe cannot fiand room for his letter in this issue. Does he think the controversy is worth continu e learn by telegram from our own C rrespondent, that the directors of the alhalla Co. have purchased froni the nk of Victoria. all the clainms south as frii as and including the Empress claim. .Tjis will inakle the VWalalla claim one of $he largest in the colony, and the proper working of the large scope of country awhich will now be included in that claim ciannot fail to materially increase the yield :6f gold from Stringer's Creek. The com piapny is to be congratulated on its pur chase. :"Accounts for the uidermentioned per-. .gns await payment at the local Treasury: -J. M. Clarke, 1'. Campbell,' V. Cook, !P;:Ellis, E. S. Gutteridge, E. IuIagan, WV. Hall, W. Jahn, Kennedy and Cameron, ,1LKent, A. Lee, J. Lloyd, R. Packett, -Hr' C. Staveley (for the Mining Board) and W. J. Spong. -The contest fur the Challenge Cup bet 'ween 11 of Sale and 16 of Traralgon will stake place to-day, Sale won on the last occaslon, but it is expected this will , be dery close. The following players will we resent Sale :-Burrowes, Coulson, pisllart, Fitchett, N. 1M'Lean, A. M'Leau, Builen, Clements, Rigney, Campbell, and .Bleasents. Emergency : J..M'Naughtou, aind T. N. M'Naughton. . =;"The usual monthly committee meeting of. the Hlospital was held last night, when bie fullowing payments vere ordered to be ade :-Wages and salaries, £31 12s ld'; :Muillcr, £7s 6d; Cronin and Connihan, sj7 3s 3d; L. Lorden, £3 4s; Napper Bros., £7 Is 6d; J. Beatty, £4 10s 7d; D. Ahlexander, 7s. Mr Dyer's account 'was referred back for amendment. 4' The only business which occupied the attention of the Police Court on 'htirsday was at small debt case, in which W. Moore sue Roht. Williams for board and lodging, 5 6s Gd. Apt order was given for the' amnount, with 5s costs. The Mayor andl Mr Ross occupied the bench. There were .no cases for hearing yesterday. .}: Our Bairnsdale correspondent writes inam happy to say that Mr J. D. Smith was more frightened than hurt, and bar-. ,ming the damage done to the buggy and harness, there is no other mishap.-A se cond Government prospecting party is being fitted out hereunder the direction of A. W. Ilowitt, Esq.,.P.M.,.and.will start in a few days. owrThe want of eligible dwelling houses is ginning to he seriously felt in Stile. A R·pntlemian from a neighbouring towniship ispent a twhole day here last week in the vaiii, search for suitable premniises, the' fact iEing that there is'not at present a com-n mouly decent dtwelling in the borough Which is unoccupied. This is hot the only ease of the kind whlich has come within 'eur knowledge, and as the increise of Lopulation we ,il expect and desire takes )pacc, the difficulty will of course be greater:to provide them with proper and ufleient accomunodation; but with so any shrewd mei of business as we have imongst us, there is no doubt that so favor bh an opportunity for the advantugeous utlay of capital will notbe long neglected. The full returns and the declaration of e poll in the recent Mining Board Elcc on appear in our advertising columns, iywhich it will be seen that Messrs. Ken -ady, Toner, Curtain and Traill are eturned, the Returning Officer having iven his casting vote to Mr T'roner. We Cannot, ,of course, pretend to give Mr Stavelevy's reasons for the preference shown to Mr TIoner, but we are infornmecd that TMrCunsiimham is a State school-master and registrar of births, &c.;, in his district, 0while Mr Toner is now, and has been minost of his tiiue in the colony, completely identified with inmining pursuits. Miuing Boards, if they are to do iany good, and to answer the purpose lbr which they are in ,tended, should of course. be composed in so far in possible of men whose ntecrests and exrierience lie as nearly :s may hbe: wholly in the direction of the imatters which as their olicial position would be brought before them, and doubtless Mr Staveley, has exercised his prerogative to the best of hlis ability in view of the facts before him. ALL PEslu:IS or INTELLIGENCE are enlightenme'nt.that the best vehicle fordif fusing tha tonic properties of aunSy mnedi cinal preparation throuighout the system is a pure. wholesome spirit. The prcenc of distilled spirit in an ionvignrant, iro vided it be pure, in considerel by phygr.i cinns to grettly promote the operatioin of the remedial principles in combination with it. This is one reaoan why medical muan so strongly;,' recommend UDor.lmo W\rOLnue tcmira-.iL' AtoarATmC ScueNArs.--as. a re medy fir debility. Considering the number of persons amongst us who enjoy a day's fishing in our focal streams, it is singular that they have hitherto taken no steps to con serve the sources of their sport. The { action taken by their brethren in the metropolis lately has, however, had the effect of making some of our enthusiastic anglers talk about initiating some sort of society which would take the interests of their sport in hand. Prominent amongst the ideas mooted is the advisability of having a close season for fish, and the three latter months of the year are spoken of as the best time. Such. a society would have no cause to complain of a want of members at a small annual sub scription, as there is no doubt that many persons who can hardly call themselves the disciples of Izaak would gladly assist in the endeavour to promote " the gentle sport." . When the prisoners at the Pentridge Stockade were rung in from labour on Tuesday evening, a prisoner named Brady was missing from muster, all the sentries were kept at their posts, and a vigilant search was made till nearly dark, but no traces of the- missing man could be seen. He was employed at the new piggery, and was seen in the afternoon at his place of labour. Brady is undergoing a sentence of 14 years for robbery under arms. He was one of the gang who robbed the ship. Nelson in Hubson s 'Bay 22 'years ago.: It-is thought that he is still on the works concealed, and'a strong guard was to'"be kept up all night. ' . The customary annual Baron' von Mueller discussion arose in" the Legislative Assembly when the vote for the Govern ment botanist was proposed. Mr Mackay and some others deplored the circumstance that a inan of the baron's high scientific attainments should be placed in a position in which his services were lost to the coun try. On the other hand, it was shown that the baron by his extreme impractica bility had brought his position upon him self: that after spending £150,000 on the Botanic-Gardens he had left them ahowl ing wilderness; that he had persistently resisted the efforts of successive Govern ments to put him on a proper.footing: and that he had even declined to take his whole salary as a pension on condition that he did nothing. Mr MacDermott urged that allowance should be made for the ec centricities of genius, and said that if the baron had been treated as a philosopher instead of being expected to be a practical man, he would have been a great success., He suggested that the item of £300 .for collecting botanical specimens, clerical as sistance, &c.;, should be increased to £600. Mr. MucPherson undertook, before the next Estimates were prepared, to see that the Government botanist had sufficient funds at his disposal to carry out the work he was expected to perform for the state. .Mr Hanna expressed a sincere desire that something should be done towards " laying that infernal ghost," and bluntly re marked that the only ontcome of Baron Von Mueller's scientific exertions in this country' had been the importation of enough brass buttons and leather medals to fill a barrel. . Mr Woods endeavoured when the vote for the Public Library and Museums was under discussion in the Assembly,'to get a resolution passed for the opening of these institutions on' Sundays. It was pointed out, however, that the same question had been discussed and disposed of during the present session;and the Chairman declined to receive the motion. Mr Service re marked upon the inconsistency of the Zoological-gardens were kept open on Sundays to enable people to see the lions and tigers, while they were not allowed to go to the Museum to see the skeleton of a lion, or to the National Gallery to see the picture of a tiger. Mr Godfrey said the Zoological-gardens were kept open on Sundays for a few hours simply as gardens. 'T'hey were opened on Sundays by the trustees before there was an animal on the ground, and Parliament had no right to, interfere in the matter. Mr 'Wrixon re miarked that the question was whether we' were to have the English or the Continen tal Sunday. If theLibrary and Museumns were opened on Sundays, the theatres and! music-halls must also be opened oni those days. Mr Woods desired to test the ques tion by moving an amendment to reduce the vote by £1, but he was prevailed upon to withdraw that proposition.-Argus. - "Some people are always terribly in earnest. There appeared in the Mel bourne Argus recently," the Necu Zealand Times says, "an article entitled ' The Black Death in Melbourne.' The article, as anyone might have seen at a glance, was what is termed in newspaper language a skit, and purported at its conclusion to be an extaact from an Argus monthly sum mary of. 1878. It was intended to- draw atteution to the want of sanitary precau tions iu Melbourne, which might in a year or two entail a fearful plague. But it was taken by many as a record of actual faicts thatt had occurred, notably by the editor of the Dunedin Evening News, and by some one nearer Wellington, who wrote it out with his scissors for his own paper. And it' received its latest interest last night, when an itinerant preacher on the Queen's Wharf, WTellington, drew at tention to it, and warned them to prepare before the visit of the black death here, so that they should not die ' unhouseled, dis appointed, unaunel'd; no reckoning made, but sent to their accounts with all their imperfections on their heads.'" In reference to the late stonewall tea meeting at Ballarat, the Telegraph says: -We were not able to give full details of the Ballarat celebration in our last issue. The fun came at the end, and did not be gin until after 12 o'clock, and time and tile Press wait for no man. At 12 the last of the orators had ceased to beat the much tormented air; the seats were cleared away, amd the dance began. This part of the programme is reported to have been heartily enjoyed, and one may believe the assertion. It must have been a treat itself to see the stone-wall leaders- their stern alarums changed to merry nmeetings, and capering nimbly to thie lascivious pleasings of a lute. There would he Mr Patterson in his favourite pastime, descri bed by Mr Murray Smith, and known in the nmazy Lancers as " tllrnling at corners. 'The alacrity of Mr Berry in changing partners mray be imagined after his anxiety the other day to unite his fhte with Sir ,Tuames M'Culloch. Mr Lalor and Mr Woods would be all there in a reel. But what amazes one most is the cheapness of the amusement, for all was done for the modest suns of eighteenpence. There woulhl be a shilling for the tea, and it was worth double the money; say fourpence for the music, nothing for the speeches which would be their fill value-and there is twopence for the hop ! Ten dances for two pennies, with the chance of a Cabiuct Minister in ftl,',r, as a partner ! Tlhe next mnixture ol politics and hopping canuot surpass this, and all that is left for Mr Ierry auls his stone-wall friendls, in the shape of a new attraction, is to try the chances of kiss in the ring. ''There will be such a denmand for the really de lightful man of the crowd, that one must feel sorry for the Major. A large fire took place at Hill's Wodonga stores on Monday evening, through the bursting of a kerosene lamp. The place and its contents were totally destroyed in less than an hour. The fire was visible for seven or eight miles. The Albury fire brignde reached the scene promptly, but too late to be of aun service. The store was composed principally of wood. The estimated loss is ££4.000, partly insured. A child, which was left in the bedroom for 50 minutes after the fire commenced, was bravely rescued from the flames by Mr Swann, railway guard. The child was not burned. O'Callagban's stores, adjoining, were saved by the continual exertions of the townspeople, and owing to the fact of the stores being built ofiron. An astonishing discovery, made by Mr Justice Ward, of New Zealand, is recorded in the TWellington Ere~ing Post. The learned gentleman hasascertained that crimeisattri butable, in a great measure, to the con sumption of Leicester sheep, and he sets forth this theory in the following words: - "As a machine for the production of wool and tallow, I believe the Leicester sheep to be unrivalled; but the creature is utterly unfit for human food. The human stomach was not intended to be turned into a tal low vat, except in the Polar regions. I attribute a large proportion of the crime in the colony to that abominable animal the Leicester sheep. In its best form it is simply an animated mass of tallow. Its consumption leads inevitably to dyspepsia, and dyspepsia to drink. Drink takes a man direct to the assizes, and the assizes lead him to lower depths still." The Post suggests that "if eating Leicester sheep leads men to drink, and to commit assaults, burglary, forgery, and murder-because that in truth is all implied in the assertion of Mr Justice Ward-then an ac. of Par liament should be passed forthwith, pro viding that Leicester sheep henceforth be disposed of solely by being boiled down." The following account is given by the Argus of the scene in the House on Tues day night:-During the discussion on the police vote in the Legislative Assembly Mr WYoods lost his temper and made use of some strong expressions. While the hon. member was speaking of the superior ity of the artisans to quill-drivers Mr M'Lellau interrupted'with a remark, and Mr Woods replied by mimicking the style of address of the hon. member for'Ararat. Mr M'Lellan then interjected, "I was never guilty of such conduct as you were." Mlr Woods warmly replied, "You are a coward." The Chairman pointed out that such language was not Parliamentary. Mr Woods said he would not withdraw unless the hon. mamber for Ararat withdrew his offensive observation. Then growing very wrath, the hon. member for Crowlands said, excitedly, addressing the hon. mew her for A.rarat, "You are a coward, and if you will say what you said just now out side, I will punch your head. I will do so now d- d quick." Mr Woods then hur riedly left the Chamber as if challenging his enemy to follow, but Mr IA'Lellan re mained immovable. '['he Chairman said such conduct could not be permitted. Sir James M'Culloch also deprecated the use of offensive language in debate, but no further action was taken. 