"r: " Erv'CBiritSt No. r.. Bv p.vg. or Trirv. i he term "new chum is one of so wide and indefinite an application that, were I not to narrow its aignificance after a some what arbitrary fashion, I should find my self, in endeavoring to portray a few of the chief characteristics of the species, inditing a volume instead of an article. How long the poor immigrant cater pillar must remain, in the dark ohrysaliB of "new chumship" before he can be sup posed to have expanded into tbe full-blown colonial butterfly is a question upon which a great variety of' opiaions prevails, even amongst "old hands" (I use tbe term, not opprobriously, but in a porfeatly " parlia mentary " and " Pickwickian " sense, to de note the old residents in tbe colony). Some limit tbe period to five years, the duration of an ordinary trade apprenticeship ; some think seven years "the cheese," whilst others again, whom we charitably, credit with an "awful experience" of "new chum " ignorance and stupidity, would, like Laban, of Biblical oelebrity, protract the date of emancipation "yet other seven." Leaving these " highly respectable parties " to their opinions, I will briefly explain what, for . the purposes of the present eketcb, I mean by the term. In the first place, I restrict its application to the " new arrival," who, having landed with no capital beyond a few pounds, has hitherto failed in obtaining remunerative employment. I do not intend to refer to the " new chum " of the laboring class, who, if he be energetic and pushing, will very soon find himself outside the category of the unemployed. In short, I confine myself to such " new chums " as have not been inured to manual toil — members of the middle and upper middle class at home, bred up to professions, mercantile clerkships, or — more commonly still — to nothing at all. In a word, I treat of the newly-arrived-uu- attached-gentleman- immigrant, who, not withstanding all the warnings of prudence and experience, is constantly beiug landed— and, I am sorry to say, "stranded" — upon «ur shores. It is his joys add sorrows, shifts and troubles, economies and im- prudences, t.liat "I sing." He is > much- tried individual, and his circumstances make him a meek and unobtrusive one. I there for.? owe bim an apology for dragging bim out of his obscurity into tbe dazzling light of "gar/sh day." Let him rest assured that I should not have done so had I not hoped "to paint a moral " as well as to "adorn a tale." After the confinement, tbe con straint, and the dreary monotony of a long sea voyaRe, a reaction in tbe direction of in dulgence — not to say over-indulgence— is very spt to set in on the part of immigrants on landing. This is generally eo powerful in the case of Abe class of ' 'new chums" to which I am referring as to overcome in a moment all those " righteous and sober" .resolutions in which dolvo nre more prone to indulge whilst under tbe influence of those remorse ful self-introsp actions which are sure to ob- strude upon the mental listlessness and in action of a prolonged passage. The " new chum " of the " fast " order settles himself down at an expensive hotel, devotes his days to' the billiard table, bis nights to the demimonde. The crisis of bis affairs is soon reached. Rung by rung he descends the ladder. His funds and his borrowing powers, if any, are soon alike exhausted. He " pops " or sells bis watch or chain, ditto the rest of his available jewellery. Article by article bis clothes follow, till mine host, seeing bow matters stand with him, and dis- > trusting tbe security of his attenuated ward robe, gives him a broad hint to quit. This hint, however loath, he is compelled to take, and "packs" accordingly — not his luggage, that is non est — but himself. Thrown penniless upon the world, he drops at once to a level with the ordinary local pauper loafer, who, however, has this great advan tage over him, that he thoroughly knows his ground, has had a large experience in the " cadging art," and, though, like our " new ohum" friend, he "oannot," or will not, "dig," unlike 'the former, "to beg ia not ashamed." The early colonial career of the "newchum"of the "steady going" typo, unless he be gifted with the rare prudence of at once accommodating himself to his new position, and settling down without delay to cheap quarters and strict economies, though less blameabte, is scarcely less felicitous in its practical results than that of his " faster " confrere. He, too, though far too proper to go "upon tho burst," must have "a few little indulgences" after his long abstinenoe, mnst take up his quarters at a comfortable hotel and onjoy a short "spell" before, as he elegantly and expressively phrases it, "buckling to." That word "spell" is a very short word, a very easy word, a very innocent sounding word, but, as nsed in Air. " Steady-going's " vocabulary, it is also a very comprehensive word, and, par conse quence, a very expensive word. It includes all manner of good living, good liquor — without exoess, you understand — any amount of theatre-going, sight-seeing ad libitum, hansoms unlimited, luncheons " quite regardless," drives into the country, rides into the bush, a "run" over to Bal- larat, visits to " the ship," " nobblera round," and a host of other things too numerous to mention. The result is that Air. " Steadygoing " is almost as soon upon his " beam ends" (that last remnant of my "new chumship," the affeotation of nautical phraseology, still clings to me, I see) as his more frolicsome brother, Mr. " Fast." He is, however, somewhat wiser in his genera tion. He clings to bis watch, bis etceteras, his portmanteau, his boxes, especially that big one which contains his dress suit, his white ties, his white kids, his patent pumps, his silk waist coats, bis shiny blue surtout, his twenty -five white linen shirts— all marked — to the last. As soon as he considers that the amount of his account is about coincident with tbe ex tent of bis resources, he calls for bis bill, peruses it, pays it, though it exhausts his finances to tbe last pound, with the non- chalaut air of a traveller who is passing on to an adjacent and equally luxurious stage, looks out a cheap but respectable lodging, to which he trausfers bis goods by car, as per special bargain. His landlady, to whose inquiring eyes he presents a dazzling vista . of well-cut clothes, white shirt front, gold watch chain, studs, sleevelinks, well-brushed bell-topper, speckless boots, irreproacbable "Gamp," and, above all, substantial lug gage, thinks, poor silly woman, she has landed a prize, and does not dream of insult ing him by presenting ber account for a matter of some weeks. This gives him time, as be classically expresses itr. to- "turn round." He presents' his business introduc tions, if he has -any, "looks up" every un fortunate individual upon whom he has, or imagines be has, any claim, "puts the screw on Air. This, "gives the tip" to Mr. That — all with a view to obtaining that employ ment which has now become a matter of ab solute and immediate necessity to him. This sort of work employs his morning. At one he dines, or, as, with a view to some distant suggestion of a "late" dinner, he will persist in colling it, "lanclies" at a sixpenny restaurant. 1'urtively he glides in, and cautiously ; with many glances to right ahd left, he slips out. Tbis satisfactorily -"accomplished, £e repairs to his lodgings, has a rest, a wash and a " brush up, and turns out just in time to take his part in "doing the block," a duty which be re ligiously discharges every afternoon. He feels, to be sure, that he is a sort of "ghost at tbe feait," a kind of " one too many," an interloper, .almost an impostor, for are not his fine feathers tantamount to a false ad vertisement of -a full exchequer? Still, he thinks it best "on principle," and "as a matter'of business" to "do the respectable," and very efficiently he does it. Mark his brisk air, his weU:assnincd expression of easy self satisfaction, his light, jaunty step. See how naturally he "coins his cheeks to smiles," which arc simply the products of will, and have no origin in a heart which could find its only adequate expression in a " language of sighs," and you will cease to wouder at that hackneyed Spartan boy who smiled whilst the fox beneath his cloak gnawed at his vitals. By six the farce is over/ and out friend retires to his three- penny coffee, with bread_ and butter ait lib., which in his case - indicates at least sixpenny worth of butter, almost a whole lOhf ot bread, an hour and a half's free Sitting room, and the monopoly for that . period of baif-a-dozen news| Kij-rs. It is now time for him to be again "upon tbe streets," or perhaps he turns into the library " for a change." His stay there will, however, not be loDg, as, with a mind ill at ease, he will in all probability find it impossible to settle down to steady reading, and to sit and think would be still more in tolerable. He will therefore soon return to bis old task of pacing Bourks and Collins streets, varying tbe dull round with an occasional trip to tbe arcades, or the Hobson's Bay Railway Station. Not until his walk has degenerated through sheer fatigue into a toddle will be turn bis steps homeward, and find repose — and he will be lucky if he always find it— in slumber. Such is a sample of his day. If ho be thoroughly determined, and, putting aside false delicacy, press bis claims, in season nnd out of season (and nowhere will lie meet with more courteous treatment than in Alelbonrne business 'circles), lie will in all probability gain a footing of some sort or another. If he fail, nothing can very long avert the catastrophe of bis respectability, or prevent his sinking to the level of tbe more reckless gentleman whose descent to pauperism I have already depicted. " Fallen, fallen fromhis high estate." Little by little his paraphernalia drops away. He is to be seen nightly hovering round tho pawDBhop, which it costs him, I know not, what " pangs of agonising pride" to enter. First go the small things, then he begins to deal in huge newspaper bundles, ana you may know the end is near. HiB embarrassed air iu demanding an "advance," and the ex pression of muto misery with which he nwaits the shopman's deoision, are all against bim. They tell of tho rude pressure of abso lute necessity/and encourage that experi enced functionary to drive a doubly hard bargain with him. His clothes lie is told are not of the colonial out, and will bo "moth eaten to pieces" before tlioy are got rid of. Then, after a feint of not taking in his pro perty npon any terms, tho poor "new chum" is offered about a titbe of what be has asked ou them. This he is fain to accept, but savos his pride by muttering something about " not caring to carry them back borne with bim that night," and about "coming to-morrow and taking them out again, as be cannot afford to let tbem go at that price," But, as he himself knows, and as the wily broker easily divines, there is very little likelihood that to-morrow — that " rare and luxurious" to-morrow — will ever come. But tbe poor lie presorves his self-respect, or be thinks it does, which is about the same thing. 