amateurs and actors. (FROM THE NEW YORK HERALD.) There are a great number of theatrical companies composod of amateurs in Now York, and this season they have given an nnusually large number of perform ances, most of which havo been in aid of benevolent institutions. If in all cases the amotenr actors havo not pleased their audiences, they may well be compensated by the knowledge tbat they havo relieved the distress of the unfortunato, from the foundling" who haB just stopped upon the world's stago to tho centennial voteran who is about to make his exit from the footlights for ever. Charity is a cloak which covers a multitudo of sins, and tho poorer tho actor is the richer bis reward will bo heronfter — not now — when ho consontB to exhibit his poverty ' for tho bonefit for a poor man. Such an actor may properly soliloquize, " i know that i have painod my friends and grieved my godmother ; but then i have relieved tho widow with nino children, and fed the orphan who has not oven onn widow to console him." This charitable usefulness of amateur thoatrical companies is vory great, and in that respect they stand upon tho same high ground as soup societies in the Now England Dorcas. We seriously beliovo that tho amateur theatricals havo a higher valuo than their ostensible objects of bonovolenco to tho unfortu nate." Actors, like harbors, must begin somewbore. The youthful barber gone- rally heginii by dexterously shaving off the corner of an car or tho sido of a face, and when the bloody subject starting- from his chair, like Banquo's ' ghost, " with twenty mortal murders on his brow," oxclaims, " That boy can't shave !" the polite proprietor of the shop replies, "i know that he can't shave but he's learning." " Confound it," says tho man, " i don't want him to learu me." But this is very unjust, for it is clear that the boy must learn od somebody. It is so with actors. They cannot spring forth, like Minerva, "fall statared in an hour." At some period of their lives' they mnst experiment wilh Shakespeare and pay rode conrt to the Muses. But theatre-goers have an ad vantage over the customers of barber shops. There .is no school for the yonug barber, bntthe ambitions yonng amateur may murder his first character in a garret, kill the next in a parlor, and so come down to murder- in the second degree, from that to manslaughter, from manslaughter lo aesanlt and battery with intent to kill, arid finally go upon the stage acqailted.of everything but justifia ble homicide. . „ ; . Amateur companions render tbo pro fessional stage valuable services. Tbey are the material ft om, which the regnlar companies aro recruited, and some of the best actors wo have seen were once only " Thespians'!' or " Forrestonians," or members of similar associations. From the amateur to the artist is fre quently but a step," and there are now amateurs in this city who might rival in accomplishments' some of the best professional peiformers; The standard of private thenlricals lias been! raised of late, nnd,: though it- is proper to blame or ridicule the pretensions of the incom petent, it would ' be unpardonable to disparage honorable ambition when united with real merit. 