[?] APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSION. (To ,the Editors of- the Protestant Standard. ) Sinsjrln-.these'days, when apostolic ^succes sion' is so. prominently. brought forward; 1 1 have been; induced to consider the, subjoct : in. some- tliing of an: - enquiring spirit. . The following remarks1- -oil .the-7 result of.:-- my > investigation, which 1 beg yon will have the kindness, to in sert in your evangelical paper, so that., if I am wrong in nany . point, I may , be enlightened by your more judicious and learned correspondents. ; I t ' appears : to , me that three : qualifications wore necessary to constitute, an apostle. : 1st. ' That lie . had sccii ' the Lord, and coil- versed with Him. ' : 2nd. - That lie had received' his commission to prcachthe Gospel directly from- Christ 'Himself. \- 3rd. fThiit he should be, able to work miracles in-. his;.Master?s name, . in proof 'of ,liis "commis sion , If, after- the, lapse of 1800 years; 'men of- like passious.'as; ourselves,-: have the power to confer these -th roe essential .qualifications, then I. bow with : all .submission ;; to tlic successors: of The; Apostles in the shape /of Popes, v Cardinals, and Bishops.- > - 7 . :'Tlici first, .account:.that .wci-have-of meniat- -tcmpting' topconfer- apostolic succession is con- ; taincd -.in- tlic . first -, chapter, of the Acts of' the Apostles, when .Matthias was . elected by, lot., to fill up, tho vacahcy.in tho Apostlesliip, occasioned -by the- treachery and suicide of Judas Iscariot. . One hundred and twenty men and women com-' posed- the assembly when Matthias was ordained ; among ; w hbm- were - eleven essentially, qualified Apostles, --and if - this could add anything, to the validity 'of ( tlicsncceasioii/thc Mother of 1 Jesus was there, " tdgetlier witli'llis' brethren. Surely, "if .any nuinbei- of men and women are infallible, infallibility: must be < lookeckfor here.- Surely if infallibility j musfej be, claimed for: any human councifit must lie claimed for the first council ; . .:at' Jerusalem, '.and-yetf.it does not -appear that their proceedings .were' sanctioned by lieaven. There were.nomanifostations of the'Divinc pre- sence. .:Thc. jplace<-iwas 'not?/shaken as when Paul and, Silas prayed'-and sang; praises. We nowhere read of the labours of Matthias in i o idling s itlie , Gospel; cxco|vt:!iu. the pages of suppbsed-'Cliurch -History;-. \ Wc do notlind that ho , wrouglithvny, miracles, or that the power was ever conferred . upon ; him. . All that .we know concerning it/is Thatli'cwas numbered with1: the olcvou-Appstles.::'J - . " Was-. Matthias an' essentially. qualified-. Apostle ; called ' to .the office By,...Christ/,Himsclf ? v. Wo answer, r No.' ; Peter, tho; eldest of all the Apostles,' and .aiready. spokesmauionr. all occasions; made one of his , usual blunders when lie proposed to do what Christ-aloiiodiadipower to do— to make an Apostle; 'Although , well meaning in a worldly point of view; lie diad no authority .from Christ, uor.nn guidance: from the Holy Spirit to consti tute ihe Christian Church. Fo made a blunder wlieu ghe impertinently asked the risen Saviour what destiny awaited tho beloved Apostle Jolin. He made a blunder when he cut off in the uarden, 'the car of Malchus. He made a blunder when be dissuaded the Saviour from submitting to the sufferings which He was to endure from the elders and chief priests and scribes, to be killed by thein and to rise from the dead on the third day ; calling forth the indignant rebuke of our L rii, ''got thee behind Me Satan, tliou art an offence unto Me, for thou sitvourest not the th'uks that be of God but those that bo of men." He made something more than a cow ardly blunder when lie denied liis Master when only questioned by a servant maid, in the high priest's ball, who had come in perhaps to cast some billets of wood on the fire because of the cold. James and John made a blunder when they solicited the Saviour's permission to call down fire from heaven to destroy the Samari tans, who would not receive Hitii as the pro mised Messiah ; anil also when they instigated their mother to ask for them the two principal posts , -in 'His supposed earthly kingdom. " All the Apostles' made a, blunder when they asked J.iisus, just ... before. His ascension whether He, would- now; restore the temporal kingdom of Israel. He sharply rebuked them, as He had doiie - Cleopli as and his companion before, when He called them fools and slow of heart to be lieve the prophets ;by.'tching thein, '.'it is not for r/o/f-to know the times or the seasons which the Father hath put iti. His own powev But ye shall receive power aftef -tliat the -Holy Ghost, is come upon you, and -ye. shall be. witnesses'. Atiitq Me, both in Jerusalem, anil in Ml Jridea. and in .Samaria, and unto the iitteririoRt part of all the earth." The Apostles thbn had no power to constitute the Christian 'Ghiirch until the -'Hqly Spirit v had descended, much less to create an Apostle in the rooniof; Judas, and. any action of theirs, in binding Tofllbpsiii'g, .'ih iillingiup , vacan cies, was atrlcastvprematuiandf-sumiugkk. prerogative 1 which .'belonged only/to Christ and the -Holy Spirit. " They! hiMjflidj key s committed \- to them, but, tlie'y Ayeie liptvto, . use'., theni juhtil thoy: received l)i vine direction liow to rise theni; .Tcsus tells them foritheir coniforfc aiul dircctiou that they should recmve powm-ifroin onfHigh to act in. His kiiigdomviiftcr tbc HMy' Ghost , liad come- upon -thein. -.- This implies that tlioy iiad no power in the matter ' jiiitil ' that-, event took place. . Jesus Himself did-.fiot call or ordain any of the Apostles previous to , the, visible descnit of the Holy Ghost in tlieTikeiiess of a dove on the banks of the"JoiMan7£-iIt\\!ive'sv- OMly after he en tered on His public ministry that He t-began 'to teach.-and- to prcacli;'and to prcparc the Apostles for the great. work: of evangelizing the world. :. The ideas that the Apostles had of the nature of Christ's kingdom were very . vague;. and unsatisfactory ; they " still clung 1 with '1 many doubts and - fears; to the:: pleasing illusion of worldly, aggraudizement,. and their meeting; in the-- large upper room at, Jerusalem (witht the Mother, of Jesus, and His brethren appears to be more like the -meeting: of . a- bereaved family when ' a'sudden death has - taken7- place, , tlmu- a meeting, of the infant Christian Church; "J Such teclings and such views-appear .to lntve actuated » Peter in-proposing, to fill up.the deliciuncy .inithe number of tlie Apostles- by. -erecting a competent witness' of -Christ's , miracles .death :'aiul . resur rection, so that ill alter times whatever -.might be. the nature of His: kingdom, or:, whatever might, .-be. the emoluments, '.-matters should hot remain as -tlioy now - were m inextricable"; coil- ; fusion. Andvyet we do not blame the action of the elevmi! Apostles on- -this- occasion,, except so fair as, they disobeyed the express , cominanci : of the . riseiiv-Saviour: "Acting ; from > a human point of yieiv,-, tlioy. did. what they thought best to be done . under . :tlie . peculiar circumstances ; but, we; argue froiif the fibn-ackuowleflgcnient (if Matthias ' by ' Christ- as a .. successpiy to Judas, that .neith'er'Pope .nor1 iJishppKasTtlio power;: to do what tlie eleven 'duly ordained aiid acknow ledged .'Apostles' -could not dliV.-'-i' One .qualification for the offieei.Matibhihsv'icdtibaihiyv'hM,,;lie lnicl sseii the 'Lord.1 ' So h:id Hcrod!ahd Filatc -and ; the Roman soldiers, ;but where.; Tlb/iye., read 'in : the New Testament of, the .signs! of an Apostle . being .wi-ough't by7 Matthias, '-'f in. ail -patieiice in signs ;anil . wdudefs 'and mighty deeds." - It ris: true Church History wppbmjhab lie laboured .in Cappadocia ; ahd; lColchis,.)but the valid ? suc cessor to" tlie fallen Apiisble nicntious-a uuinbcir of ; worthy liiuiies in his epistles to this Churches, but nowhere mentions -t M att h ias. f 1 Feter . writes to the : straiiriers inb Cappddbcia,'i but ..niakeS aio alhimoii to Peter fis'aii Apostle thcrel Acting now under .;ithe:infiueiice, of; the- Holy Spirit he' does not mention', the man as an-Aposfclo -wlidm he liad ..been the micans - of electing. But lie meni Toils with the lnglie-t 'enconiuhis the man whom Christ had elected. :. r . God's - .thoughts 'are not as man's thoughts, ' nor are God's ways as: man's ways. ' A tlnef,- a ..traitor,, and. sell -murderer had fallen from -,thc; 'hohdiifable office' lie ought to ; have occupied aiidy a most' -notorious clniracter-Ts (lestiuod by heaven to -take > hisi, place.- -Not'nbe disciple Matthias, not Joseph surnamed the Just, is - to be .the successor , to the. apostate Apostle. In- the city dfjTarsus, -a gentile city; jtliere is a free . born . ciHzehdleeply t engaged -. in -the ; pursuit of, Grecian: literature, Avlio , is -.yet? to; explode -riic: false systoin'ot hcathen rmytliology..;:.:at'the feet of Gamaliel ,-sits. a - proud t Pharisee,-;; ' eagerly; perusing- the rites of the ceremonial, law. ^study ing the niceties of the;tithemg of mint anise iaiul! cuuimin ; and the most suitable texts 'to exhibit on tlie ' broad' pli y lactones of his garments ; who' is yet " to 'exijose, 'in blear logical reasoning, self ; rightpfnexid'.!the : passing' ishaddws .of thdi cercmbhial.TitiiMd.'/At't head of"" a niurderons rabble eucouragingiandyprotecting tlic fanatics , who' stoned- Steplicii a -Jewisli zealot 'stands, who; ds'y,et;,to7be;:stbnedrhimselfiti almost ddad,VfoP tho 'vcry 'same causc, preaching imd loving J 08118, On thc;roh.d; to , Damascus you cann-ecpg-; hisethe.yaine. individutil, ; the energetic lcader of> a;persecutiiig, blind, the bearer of,; credentials' from tlie cliiof : priests at Jerusalem, empowering hiiii :tp , scbur the country and ransack cities Vaiid; driig to;imyisbffinent.:aiid cleMb'!hMmless mbn: ,arid-'-wim&nuwlfp;,ddi&'.to.'Upkn6.wleit Jesus -of Nazareth ; but'v tiinos: lind . the . seasons ,011 li'e'Fathcr .liatii piit i'n His'-pwh pdwjei;". havefiarrivedj,. tlie v Saviour, apjiears. ..to /the as- . tonished persecutor, at ,tlie sound of whose voice., he; falls prostrate . to- : the ji. earth,' ; at ftlie sight ofiwhose'Moryhe'is-.strubkyblind.'i.At-thc Saviour's': rebuke, and the' Say ip(hr|s"i, call - to be come an Apostle, the fiery, spirit is tamed,, his former feelings are gone,:' Helpless as a' little child he is leu by the hand to Damascus. It appears to me from the sovereignty exer cised by Christ in the calling of Saul to he an Apostle in the room of Judas, that he wished to teach us that man is to assume no power, nor arrogate to himself any importance in dispensing the ordinances of the Church. Jesus does not send him to the metropolitan Church at Jeru salem for initiation by baptism into the Chris tian Church ; but He sends him to .Ananias, a disciple at Damascus, and his associates for a time were only the disciples that were there ; anil yet straightway he commences to preach the Gospel. Luke the historian does not tell us that Damascus was the see of a bishop, or that Ananias laid any claim to the ermine, but he tells us that Ananias was delegated by the Lord to tell Saul what he was to do ; and so wo find him immediately engaged not in teackbnj but preachinr/ the Gospel. Now, if preachers of tho Gospel can only he manufactured by a bishop in modern times, there must be soincthing antagonistic to primi tive -Christianity in modorii Christianity for Ananias was instructed 1 o tell Saul what lie was to do ; and' therefore wc finil him boldly preach ing the Lord Jesus ; anil wo find that when he was introduced to the Apostles at Jerusalem by ; BM'iiabas as a jireacher of the Gospel, he went in . anil out among them without further licence or consecration. Although |Sanl was called to be an Apostle, he was not yet ordained to 'that office, notwithstanding that now there was a goodly opportunity if Apostles only coulil confer apostolic succession, for decidedly Saiil was a successor. " called to he an Apostle, not of men, neither by man,- hut by Jesus Christ" anil God the Father," why iliil ; not J auios; : if lie were bishop at Jerusalem, coufer it '! If the manufactories '/of apostolic succession at' Rome, Alexandria, Constantinople,.. St. ..Petersbiirgli; &c.;, cbuld,- and : can-Turn out: real apo8tolie: sue; cessors ' in the sliape , of .Popes;. cafdiuals,Cpatri; archs, Archbishops, anil bishops, why did not the bishops'' aiul archbishoi) at TJernsalem'.con- secrate , the - .ncw. Apostle to his office? Auil here again infinite, >yisdqiniiiterferes,! Tip iteach; us that apostolic virtue. does -nob flow in a ;coii- tinuous stream through theunere formality of the lay ing on bf liah(is .'of Jr. -til mortals like our- selvosi In the -Acts-of -'"the' Apostles xiii, cha).- we read, and- hear the funeral ffincll of apbstolid succession.- "Now there were' in' the,- iChuic'.v that was at Antioch1 .-certain , prophets aiid teachers,- as Barnabas and . Si moon that wap called Niger and Lucius of - Cyrcne and Manaen which had been- brought up -with Hcfqd ''the Tetvarch, and Saul. As thev ministered to, the. LiircV and -fasted thcTIoly Ghost said separate mc Ba n ibas and Saul for the work wheminto'/I. have called . tlicin,: and when tlicy had , fastoil anil prayed and laid their hands upon tiicni thqy seut them away.-" Verily, " then Saul who also is called Paul,, filled with the Jioly Ghost, set his, eyes upon him,", viz., Elymas .the; ; sorcerer, aiui Mruck him , Lhnd,. so : thatvhe' JweiR; about seeking some "one; to lead -hiin ; by the > hand. PaulTiadbecncalled-liy OhnsB.io.'be.an". Apostle, lie hail seen tlic Lord, Hie, had b«en baptized by -a..-'. 'disciple,-; lie hadnsuccessfully ..preached '.the Gospel, lie- bad now-1 beeti ovdiuncd .-liy the Hts.nbei's .of a Christ ian Church, - and lie is -filled with-tlie I-toly- G liost, lie is now aii essentially qualified Apostlef iind'-'works miracles in proof o liis coinniissib |no miracles, as it yAs not necessary lie slioiilil iii proof of his eomniission ,to, pi-each the Gospel ; all that, lie, ..requirpiV.- 'foiv,' bl"s -ipurpose was, the inward call :of tlic J-ioiyrSpirit, aiid tlie i.iiistrucr tioris of - Ananias,; everything was done in decency and order. ; -Here, ' .then, ordination is CQiiferrecl on IAul not by thei elcyen ApiiMlcs, not 'by Peter, : nor by Jamrs: the' supposed bishop oi'the dioceSc of ! Jerusalem, but : by men . sanc tioned by the, -Holy .'Spirit. men of whom we knovv nothing more than .what is here recorded, and ' whose names do uot appeiuv in the future inspired' History of tlie Chuiv.li that I am aware of. The .only, ordination t6, office that wq reat! of ;ih tlie Acts or in 'the epistles, are the ofdinatioii of. .the .seven deapbihf/fiy '&edAp;<isfcles; tlie ordi nation of Paid by-tlie Church at Aiitioch, anil the ordination of- .Timothy. " By " the " presbytery. Now; grauting; tliat; aii uiibfokeii snccessioiv of popes, patriarchs, archbishops, audii-.-bishops could Tio' traccd1 back ' to - Tiiiiothy, ' Paul; and Titusj;still?.apostolic suco-.'ssipiirfiangs only on the authority.; of.' men who niinisverediin- the Christian/Church, iidio Jiisted and - pr.ayed, and wore directed - by .' the Holy .Spirit ro impose or I ination phiGin wholweVq not ordained thorn- selves - either by thcii Apostles or Christ, but 'inefely prophets anil teachers i; Granting that the apostolic; chain, is perfectly,, free' frqin aiiy link ' being wanted or rrackeci, s',i;l it has not episcopal ordination tq ilang upqir (ml </uis cv.s- todie.t ai'stode.i jps(h'?) " MNqnlybbrffiiiatfoiijby prophets aiid: iteachcrs Or supposing that the whole mo tic y, cro wd . . of., , popes, , patriarchs, caidhialsj'ai'qlilfislmps," 'anillfiffiiopsi ''jiqlinossqs, ehiiiieiicies, lords;- and.- graces.. /avero-isiveptyaway from tlie face ofotho earth at oiico by.i sonic feaifurepideiiiicj'ahd./the 1 Bible, and vital godli ness left only in tlie, assemblies of tho Christian people ; must. the, -preaching, of . the -Gospel anil Hie administration '"of the-: sacraments for ever ce'Me?':" OF .would tlieTIolv' Spirit have 'power to prompt godly liieni-as '..He dill at Antioch to .appoint and prdain suitahlo: men to preach aiid administer .' the' ordiiiMices ? ".Gould the1 Holy 'Spifit'hdtrMse'up' lhmiV'a's He'has.done at ail times, to .carryioutethe great , woi-k, -'of ' evange- -lizing the.workl V 'TMeti like Amos, -who was : no';prophet;iieitlier>a propiiet's sou,' lint -a herds- i mail, and a;gatherei\\.of sycamore . fruit, anil tlic - . Lofii ' took -: nie ; fis-I;': followed Thc flock, mid the .;Lord- sai(ixiiuto me goJ.pfqifiiCsy uiito.ui'y. people Tsriiek " If paiil; . had riot eifiscqpal- V6i-iliriati6n : he'.cduldiinfit-.icqu/'er epi- c ipal ordination on; "Tinidthy ; therefore Tiiiiothy coulil nob confer it ;ono others;' 'arid;;"-thus. the': ivhole- . qliairi :,fifilq?;,to ' the grinind,, simply 'because tlivwe is iio'' bishop to ''bang ;it/,up,qii..; ButiTiniothy j-liail/the same |;kind<.;.,of; i >io ; .li'viTmotliy -iy.-iT J.. :-: " -Negliict riqt;tho'igift', that is ! iii tliee; : whieh'Ky as given', thee .By -prophecy with tlic 1 ayiiig'oriAf- liitii'ds of ;'the 'Presliyjcry.," Prcsbitterion1 ig'ainoim of -tiiiHftituy council of elders, ;pr men Veue; ycai-s ; ton. prrsbuterio.i isTn.thogeiietiye. case; and; as the Latin j-hvngiiageTpiits The, caiise'maniior- and jin- . strunient iu the oblativd- ciise, the Greek; |\vlfich, lias.no oblative,. puts. the .cause riiariner and ifi- strument in "tlie geiietivd. ease. Here, then, we have. the. Scriptural iiiodq of ordination of two remarkable characters haul and Timothy, Now lit us try .these two ordinations by , tlie syllo- gistic mode of reasoning, and see where the syllogism will lead us. Ordination by a bishop is the only Scriptural and legal form of ordi nation. Paul was not ordained by a bishop. Therefore Paul was not Scripturally anil legally- ordained. This is the redustio ad absurdum, viz., the major proposition being false, and the minor proposition true. The conclusion reduces it to an absurdity. Farley Hall. DANIEL T. BOYD. (To be continued. 