Appalling Suicide. (From fhe Melbourne Age, December IS.j ' A DiiOTHKL in Little Flinders-steet was, Inst evening about dusk, tbe scene of a most horrible case of suicido the victim being a native of Dun tide, named Maurice, Jolin Mackewitz, aged «12 years. About twelve mouths ago, a young woman named Alico Buckley was rescued from drowning near Prince's Bridge, by the efforts of two men, who saw her imminent danger, and risked their lives to effect her rescue. One of them was drowned in the attempt, hut tho other succeeded in bringing the girl safely to land. She possessed con siderable personal attractions, and though she was known to the police as a woman of certain reputa, several persons took an interest in her, and amongst them the unfortunate man who yesterday blew his bruins out. Ho appears to have beon on industrious and respectable individual, and having mudo tho acquaintance of Buckley, ho at once proposed marriage to her. She consented, and the ceremony was duly performed. "With the means they had at their command, the married couple took the Empire Hotel at Hotham, and carried on business there for somo time, but not with tho satisfactory result that they anti cipated. After a time they were obliged to relinquish the premises, and with what they could savo from tho wreck they took another hotel named tho British Lion. This also failed, and about a week ago they resigned tho business and suparated, tho woman going to live in a cottage in Flinder's-laue, whero thc tra gedy occurred, the deceased intimating his intention of going up tho couutry to look for employment. The deceased was prone to jealousy, and at times cruelly ill-treated his wife. At the time she left him he was quito aware of her purpose, and undertook not to intrude upon or trouble her in her new home. He kept faith with ber in this respect until yesterday morning when, about 10 o'clock, ho called afc the cottage in Flinder's-lane, where Bucldey lived. Thc house is one of a range of four, between Bussell aud Steven streets, and consists of a front parlour and a back bedroom, both meretriciously furnished after tho stylo of such abodes, with premises to tho rear, where tho ostensible lady of the house and her children slept. One of the youngsters opened tho door when deceased knocked, and, in accordunco with directions, informed Buckley, who was then in bcd with a man in I the back room, that " a gentleman wanted to seo her." She, not knowing who it was that inquired for her, sent word for him to call again. Tho message having bceu conveyed to Muckowitx, ho loft, stating that ho would return about 1 o'clock. Thc woman seemed to bo aware who the visitor was, and accord ingly was prepared for him at the hour named. Punctually to promise ho arrived. Hu seemed troubled and ill-tempered, and without saying anything entered the parlour und took his seat upon a sofa. Buckley approached liim in a friendly manner, and, placing her hand upon his shoulder, made some inquiry about his going to tho country. Ho said that he intended starting on the following day, and asked her if she had got any money. She opened her purse, aud handed him a sovereign. Some conversation ensued as to what he purposed doing with thc money. He replied that several articles of clothing belonging to him were in pawn, and ho wanted to release t hem so that they might be useful to him in tho country. This satisfied her, and, on apparently friendly terms, he rose to tako his departure. When at tho hall door ho stopped, aud turning round he said, in tones that indicated determination, " I shall return this evening at 6 o'clock, without fail. Mind, I um determined to see you, and therefore do not fail me." She said, " All right," und he then went away. Shortly after the hour named bo knocked at the door, und there being at the time no one else but herself in the house she gave him admission. They both proceeded' to tho bedroom, and she, in tho first instance, suggested that she should return him tho pawn-tickets of his clothes and other articles which she had in her pos session. His manner was abs'racted, and tho expres sion of his eyes was wild and revengeful ; but she took no particular uotice of this until ho leaned over and struck her in tho fuco, at thc same time throwiug a quantity of silver on thc door. This sent her reeling against the bed, on to which he pressed her, leaning over, and holding her down with a sort of convulsivo effort. He tl:«n raised one nf Iiis lingers, and ad dressing her Haid, Do you ECO that ? 'That is a ring composed of your hair." Ke at tbs same time drew from his pocket a small pistol, which ho showed her. Tho woman, believing he was going to shoot, shrieked and struggled to escape. Tho next moment she heard a report, and felt her h'iir and face deluged with blood. Sho was so terrilied that foi* time she re mained insensible, and on returning to consciousness, silefound herself lying on the bed and thu room in darkuess. Shu rose, mid looked about, and in thu gloom distinguished thc body ol' ber hiisb:uid, hor ribly disfigured, lying on thc tluor beside the bed. She rushed lo the door, and in doing KO had to stumble over the corpse, and cried for help. Disturbances i<re unfortunately not raritieb lu such placee, KO that neither tile noise of the pistol report nor her cries created any alarm. She succeeded after a time in escaping from the room, and then screaming like a woman deranged, she paced up and down the hall. Ultimately the noise attracted attention, and several of the neighbours burst in, when they found tho unfortunate woman leaning over and caressing the blood-stained corpse. A moro sickening sight coidd hardly bo imagined than was pre sented by the body. Tho deceased appeared a largo mau, with somewhat regular aud prepossessing features. He, in committing the act, had placed tho muzzle of the pistol to his mouth, and fired it. The bullet took an upward direction, traversing the lift check, and carrying ¡'.way or splintering in fragments the entire left hemisphere of the skull, leaving un aperture through which the lacerated brains exuded, falling in a mass upon the iloor. Death, in its most revolting from, must have been instantaneous, and it was with difficulty tho woman could be dragged from the chamber. Tho spectacle presouted was truly terrible. Stretched at full length, and filling up tho greater portion of tho vacant space in the room, was tho body tho face und I upper portion covered with blood that still trickled to j tho Üoor und added to the ensanguined pool in which tho heail lay partly buriod. Tho bed, with its elegunt hangings, all sprinkled with blood, tho gaudy fur niture, and pictures of women décolletées, conveyed an idea of ono of those tragic pictures of scenes of im morality and crime that, happily, aro rarely witnessed amongst ns. Beside the body was found a document, from which it was evident that the wretched mau had committed premeditated suicide from motives of jea lousy. The letter, which is appen ed, adds, if pos sible, a deeper and moro ghastly shade to tho altair, «nd shows that thc man must have been goaded to commit tho net while in a stato of frenzy. It is us follows : " 17th December, 1870.-I write this in my proper senses, und I inteudeci. to kill myself to-day, some way. My wife left me hist week through the interference of the following woman and mun. The mun she is living with in a brothel, named Polly Rosa Johnston, Louisa Felony, Mrs. Lambert, all in Flinders-lane, and tho French -living next Sargood and Co., Fliuders street. Prostitution is the best most successful carried n under thu very nose of tho police, as the detective force is an example. My best thanks to Mr. Croyele, the brewer, of the Royal Mint Brewery, for being so kind lifter swindling mo of money some timo agoto pay my wife £il to sleep wit her. lust Wednesday night, at thc Belvedere Hotel, und Mr. t-. cimety for trying to do thc same. I don't sign my name ; it will*bo foimd out soon enough. 1 have no money, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living carcass that she always may remember rae in that beautiful lifo she ami her companion aro leading, and may tho curse of God be on lier, that she shall huvo the mangled body always before herself, und if my ghost he shall hunt her uud drive her to madness and tho worst I wish her. I got one pound from my wife, und found a man in bcd with her. I paid 4s. for a pistol in Cleehmd's. I re turned the rest to her, after paying for powder and shot. I see her at (J o'clock my wedding day and my byrrial. I wish to bo hurried wi-h the lock of hair in my finger. After my body is remo veil I hope tomo of your clever detectives or policemen will go to bed with her and smell my blood. I leave my lodging now, 10 a.m., to go und seo my cursed wife to get some money the first and last to buy a pistol mid return to her, take her in my arms, and scatter my brains over her cursed carcase.-Amen. N.B.-My wife's nani o was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her her brother is an old policeman living in Dandenong, Oakley, Fem Tree Gully or Salo (Gippsland) at preBent I believe. J. M. M. Slurried 17tli December, 187-1. Died bj'Iiis own bund 17th ditto. 1875. Order for a gravestone. The City Coroner hold un' inquiry at tho West End .'Hotel, Balmain, on Monday, on tho body of a. lad named Henry Joseph Chiswick, aged 2 years and .I months, who was found drowned in a watcrholo near his parent's residence. Tile evidence was to tho effect that tho deceased left his home while his fathor was absent and his brother lay ill in bcd, and went to tho house of a neighbour named Mrs. Nash, with whoso children ho played for a short time. He then went away, and being missed some short time after, search y/us made for him, and ho was found drowned in a watcrholo where there was but eighteen inches of water. A verdict of accidental death by drowning was returned Thu annual exhibition of work doue by tho pupils of St. Mary's Girls' School Avas made on tho loth inst, anti advantage was taken by tho pupils and ox- pupil s to ninkua presentation to his Grace Archbishop Pouting. There Avas a largo attendauco of clergymen and of tho parents of thu school children, and members of tho lead ing Catholic families in Sydney woro represented. Tho presentation cousisted of an address and a gold cross. The address, Avliich was inlaid Avith mother-of-peurl, and illuminated in a chaste, yet magnificent, style, Avas the Avork of one of tho sisters of thu Good Shepherd Convent, and was pronounced a splendid Avork of art and penmanship, lt was valued at 50 guineas, and expressed tho feeling of attachment thc plqúls had for his Grace, and a seline of tho many kinilnosscs and benefits conferred upon them by him, and it gave expression to a hope that ho would long bo spared to receive the greetings of the festive season of Christ inas. Tho cross, accompanying the address, Avas of gold, contained six emeralds and rubies, and cost £50. It was manufactured in tho colony; it was enclosed iu an elegant box, ruado of niuo different kinds of Australian Avood, by Mr. Bernasconi, of Pitt-street. His Grace, in touching language, thanked thc pupils for their rich aud hand some present, aud assured them of continued caro on his part for their Avelfare. Tho address in reply waB printed for circulation among tho pupils, in order that tho eli'ect of his Avords might not bo transient. Tho schoalroom presented tho appearance of a line-art gallery ; splendid draAviugs and pieces of woolwork everywhere mot the cyo, and Avcre nicely set off with llora) displays and banners bearing appropriate mottoes. 'Tho woolwork and drawings Avcre mounted in excellent style, and framed by Mr. Downey, of, Castlcrcagh street. A programme of vocal and instrumental pieces was arranged for tho occasion, and tho performances left no doubt that in singing and music great labour, producing thc best results, had beru bestowed upon tho pupils, Avho seem tu ba remarkably proficient likcwiso in other accomplishments;. Uur* emt of thc rosni AVUÏ adorned by a piecp of woolwork, "St. Patrick," and tho other by a representation of tho " Plight hito Egypt," worked respectively by Hiss lt. Purcell und Miss M. .A. Tierney, tither pieces of woolwork of similar merit wcro shown by Misses Weir, M'Grath, Haynes, Hinton, A. Baker, Oiunuiiforii, and E. M'Gec. Thc numerous drawings illustrative of history, Euglish arid foreign scenery, tte, kc, were well treated. Afc the close of the proceedings thc parents and others present returned their thanks to tho ladies in charge of thc school, and manifested a high appreciation of the great results attending their labouru. 