THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, JAN. 3, 1876. ON another page of this morning's issue we print a condensed report of an entertaining, but at the same time suggestive and practical, paper read by Dr. RICHARDSON, F.R. S., an eminent London physician, at the Social Scieneo Congress recently held at Brighton. It has long been a favourite dream of philanthropists and sanitary reformers that a time is coming when all preventible diseases will be abolished, when human life will in the great majority of cases be prolonged to its natural limits, and when a large portion of the pain and misery which now afflict the world will be altogether unknown. Many plans having this for their object have been formulated and published ; "Utopia," the "New Atlantis," "Oceana," and Plato's "Republic " are familiar to most of our readers who care to plunge beyond the shallows of contemporary literature. The latest addition to these fanciful creations is Dr. Richardson's description of Hygeia, the model city of health. Mr. Edwin Chadwick, a veteran sanitary reformer, once stated that he could build a city that would give any stated mortality, from fifty to five per thou- sand annually. Dr. Richardson has drawn from his stores of knowledge and imagination the materials whereof to build a city that shall give the lowest possible death-rate which science in its present condition can command. The result is one of the most interesting papers that has ever been read before the Congress; and though the state of things depicted may not be realisod for centuries, the paper is useful as showing what it is in the power of sanitation to perform, and pointing out the direction in which all efforts in that behalf should tend. It may not be altogether useless if we draw special atten- tion to a few of the points in Dr. Richardson's essay, with a view of comparing Hobart Town with the model city of Hygeia. We may take it for granted, perhaps, that this essay makes us acquainted with the latest advance of sanitary science, and with the broadest ideas of the most thorough and eminent sanitary reformers. A hint or two may therefore be picked up from it which is not altogether valueless ; and, although we cannot transform Hobart Town into anything like the imaginary Hygeia, yet it will not be denied that in this city there is room for im- provement in many of the directions indicated by Dr. Richardson. In Hygeia, an average of twenty-five persons reside on each acre of ground, and the character of the houses is such as to insure an equal distribution of population. Every house, to begin with, is built on arches of solid brick- work, through which the air flows freely, and down the inclines of which all currents of water are carried away. The streets of the city are wide and open to wind and sun, and on each side of the footpaths trees, shrubs, and evergreens are planted, while all the inter- spaces between the backs of houses are gardens. The streets are paved throughout with wood set in asphalt, and the side walks, which are every- where ten feet wide, are of white or light grey stone. All the heavy traffic of the city is carried on by means of subways, and consequently the streets are always quiet, beautiful and clean. The streets of Hygeia are easily cleansed, each day's accumulation of dirt eoing washed through side openings into the subways, and conveyed ? with the sewage to a destination apart ?. Gutter children, so common in ? impossibility here, "Instead of the gutter," says Dr. Richardson, "the poorest child has the garden ; for the foul sight and smell of unwholesome garbage he has flowers and green sward." In Hobart Town, on the other hand, gutters and gutter children are alike a blot on the fair face of nature, and the filth in some of our streets is a disgrace and an abomination. We cannot stay to note the in- geniously constructed houses in Hygeia, in which apparently is every improvement that experience and science can suggest. The description given by Dr. Richardson will well repay perusal. In the model city of Health, as might he expected, there are neither tobacco shops nor public-houses. Quoting the language of Mr. Hepworth Dixon, in his account of St. Johnsbury, Vermont, the writer says, "No bar, no dram shop, no saloon defiles the place. Nor is there a single gaming-hell or house of ill repute." The contrast in this respect between Hygeia and Hobart Town is too marked not to escape the notico of every reader. Hospital accommodation in the former city is also some- what different from what it is in the latter. Notwithstanding its unique sanitary advantages, there is a hospital to every five thousand of the population—a model hospital, too, with all the latest improvements in every department. Each hospital accommodates twenty-four patients —twelve of either sex—and is under the charge of four medical officers. " In a city from which that grand source of wild mirth, hopeless sorrow, and confirmed madness, alcohol, has been ex- polled, it could hardly be expected," says Dr. Richardson, "that much insanity would be found. The few who are insane are placed in houses licensed as asylums, but not different in appearance from other houses in the city. Here they live, in small communities, under proper medical supervision, with their own gardens and pastimes." The city is also well furnished with " baths, swimming baths, Turkish baths, Board schools, fine-art schools, lecture halls, playgrounds, gymnasia, libraries, and places of instructive amusement." But it is in its purely sanitary arrangements that Hygeia offers the greatest contrast to Hobart Town. There is one principal officer, whoso sole duty it is to watch over the sanitary welfare of the place. Under him are the Poor Law medical staff, who report to him on every matter of health pertaining to their respective districts. All specimens of food and drinks, suspected to be adulterated or unfitted for consumption, are analysed, and for the conduct of these researches the sanitary superintendent is allowed a compe tent chemical staff. How our local City Council would stare if Dr. Hall were to ask them even for a laboratory ! Dr. Richardson's paper is so terse and important, where he describes the further sanitary arrangements of his model city, that we must be pardoned for making a rather lengthy extract, premising, however, that the quotation is not taken from the condensed, report which we publish, but from the full text of the essay printed in The Times. "At a distance from the town," says the writer, "are the sanitary works, the sewage pumping works, the water and gas works, the slaughter-houses, and the public laboratories. The sewage, which is brought from the town partly try by its flow and partly by pumping appa- ratus, is conveyed away to well-drained sewage farms belonging to the city, but at a distance from it, where it is utilised on Mr. Hope's plan. The water supply, derived from a river which flows to the south-west of the city, is unpolluted by sewage or other refuse, is carefully filtered, is tested twice daily, and if found unsatisfactory is supplied through a reserve tank, in which it can be made to undergo further purification. It is carried through the everywhere by iron pipes. Leaden piped are forbidden. In the sanitary establishment are disinfecting rooms, a mortuary, and ambulances for the conveyance of persons suffering from contagious disease. These are at all times open to the public, subject to the few and simple rules of the management. The gas, like the water, is submitted to regular analysis by the staff of the sanitary officer, and any fault he may detect which indicates a depar- ture from the standard of purity framed by the Municipal Council is immediately remedied, both gas and water being exclusively under the con- trol of the local authority. The inspectors of the sanitary officer have under them a body of scavengers. These, each day, in the early morn- ing pass through the various districts allotted to them and remove all refuse in closed vans. Every portion of manure from stables, streets, and yards is in this way removed daily and transported to the city farms for utilisation." The animals killed at the slaughter-houses are relieved from the pain of death. "They pass through a narcotic chamber, and are brought to the slaughterer oblivious of their fate." Every carcass exposed for sale is rigorously inspected, and even tho food and water supplied to animals intended for the butcher is examined by the in- specting officers, under whose supervision also are their buildings, sheds, and styes. The mode of burial favoured by Dr. Richardson will be read with interest. It will be observed that he is alike opposed to cremation and the ordinary mode of interment. He prefers a modified form of the cemetery, the burial ground being made of fine carboniferous soil, and the dead being placed in the earth either in basket work, or simply in the shroud. In that rapidly resolving soil, in the course of a very few months, he says, the trans- formation of dust to dust is too perfect to leave a trace of residuum. Dr. Richardson then con- cludes his paper, as will be soon from the report, by an interesting summary of results. He ad- mits that, despite all precaution, a few diseases, some of them of a fatal nature, such as scarlet fever, measles, and whooping cough, would still prevail ; and other diseases arising from uncon- trollable causes, would retain their sway. But he is confident that in the first generation the mortality would be reduced to eight per thou- sand, and in the second or third (such is the influence of heredity in disease) Mr. Chadwick's minimum of five per thousand would be reached. Beyond that the hopes of the most ardent sanitary reformer can hardly go, unless he wishes to see a world of struldbrugs, similar to those whom the veracious Gilliver saw in Laputa. If our City Council would carefully study the report, and take to heart the lessons conveyed by Dr. Richardson, we might look for a speedy improvement in the health of our city, though of course we can never hope to realise the favourable conditions of that ardent reformer's model city of health. PUBLICATIONS.—We have received the first quarterly part of Good News, comprising the whole of the weekly numbers during the last quarter bound up. It makes a good and neat publication as far as the quantity and quality of the reading matter is concerned, but some improvement might be made in the printing, and also by leaving out the sheet of advertisements attached to each num- ber. The price of this quarterly part is only 1s. 3d., which is sufficiently low to bring it within the reach of everybody. The People's Friend con- tinues to show signs of advancement. For the second time it comes out as an eight- page paper, and if the support is liberal enough, it will not be reduced. The current issue merits commendation. It con- tains a full report of Mr. Hastings' lecture on " Bible Temperance," and his visit to the North, in addition to the customary miscellaneous reading. We have received Walch's Tasmanian Almanac— the Red Book—for 1876, but hold over a notice of it until to-morrow. The Bungled Intercolonial Cricket Match. —In regard to the match between Northern Tas- mania and Ballarat, that was to come off and didn't, our Launceston correspondent has written us at some length,, justifying his remarks published in The Mercury immediately on the faux pas, and what led to it, having become known. No explana- tion or correction on his part appears necessary. Facts are stubborn things, and the mere plots may be excused feeling sore and wincing under the laughter of the public, but their revenge in the persunil remarks applied to our correspondent in letters in the Launceston press is beneath notice. We regret to find teo American system of indi viduality in the conduct of the press becoming acclimatised in Tasmania. CRICKET.—A match between elevens selected from the business houses of Messrs. Perkins and Nephew and Mr. Bidencope will be played on the Association ground to-day. Wickets will be pitched at ten o'clock, sharp. Street Ruffians.—The welcoming in of the new year appears to have been selected by a band of street desperadoes as an appropriate season for an uncontrolled display of frolicsome rufflanism. For three or four hours after midnight of Friday, almost every unfrequented portion of the city was visited by a gang of blackguards whose shouting, yelling, and cat-calling was intensified by an accom- paniment on an asthmatical accordeon, a cracked tambourine, and a discordant cow's horn. Not satisfied by disturbing the peace of several neigh- bourhoods, either these gutterbloods, or kin- dred spirits, resorted to outrage of the most wanton and cowardly description. At Anstru ther House. Battery Point (the residence of Mr. Denham, of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land), Miss Denham had just vacated a room shortly before midnight, when a large lump of ironstone, weighing about a pound, crashed through the window, and was quickly followed by three large cubes of road metal. Mrs Denham had a most fortunate escape. This ruffianly conduct was not confined to Battery Point. At the corner of Patrick-street and Argyle- street, the drinking fountain was broken and other- wise damaged. At the corner of Smith- street several palings were wrenched from a fence. At the corner of Wellington-street two panels were torn from a fence, and were left dangling on the uninjured portion ; and further on a gate was unhinged. At the waterman's ferry a cart was shunted into the water. At the Waggon and Horses, Argyle-street, and at Beaumont's Tavern, Liverpool-street, the windows were smashed. At Messrs. Macfarlane's store, New Wharf, two small pieces of ordnance were thrown off their carriages. At Mr. Taylor's crockery shop, Elizabeth-street, a long piece of stone coping was torn away and thrown ; down from the entrance steps. Several other and almost similar outrages were perpetrated in various parts of the city, but so far as we have been able to as- certain, no arrest was effected in connection with any one of them. It would be mere waste of time, ink, and paper to comment upon the laxity of police vigilance in this disgraceful condition of affairs. Perhaps the overworked members of the resplendent force were engaged in pipeclaying their "milky fives " with a view to a Sunday stroll with the nursery charmers. A Row in Murray-Street.—There was a great row in Upper Murray-street on New Year's morning about half-past one o'clock. During the "scrim mage," a woman named Johanna Sullivan got a knock on the head with a stone, which came from the hand of some unseen party. The unfortunate woman went to the Hospital at 4o'clock to have ' her hurts dressed. She remains in the Hospital with a very serious wound on the side of her head. . Serious Accident.—Yesterday a boy named Watkins, 10 or 12 years of age, son of the landlord of the Doctor Syntax public house, was riding a blood horse belonging to Mr. Hogan. The animal is a very powerful one, and when coming up the Sandy Bay road, he suddenly started to gallop at a furious rate. His rider endeavoured to pull him up, but was quite unable to do so. On coming to the toll-gate, the horse stood a moment before the closed gate, and then after smashing one of the bars with his head, he rushed at the post, and knocked the gate down altogether. Both horse and rider fell, the latter being partly under the animal. Before assistance came, the horse rose, and dragged the boy who had one foot in the stirrup, to a fence several yards distant, where he stopped. The boy was at once released from his perilous position, and conveyed into his home, and Dr. Benjafleld being called in, found that besides a number of bruises, a large portion of the scalp had been torn up. At present a fatal result is not anticipated, though the lad will be laid up for some time. The horse also sustained injuries, though not very serious. In connection with this accident, might we suggest to the Queenborough Road Trust the necessity of keeping the whole of the road clear, instead of always having one gate closed. Had it not been that the post which the horse knocked down was somewhat rotten, thus yielding more easily to the blow, it is probable that both rider and animal would have been killed. A lamp, also, might be placed at the gate, and would be a great boon to those accustomed to travel on the road after dark. Nowhere else is a toll-gate to . be found where accidents are not guarded against by the use of a lamp. Memorial Church Lectures.—These lectures were continued yesterday by the Rev. W. C. Robinson. The line of argument, in the morning, on "The design of Our Lord's death," as taught by Himself, was—First : That Christ had a definite - purpose in coming into our world. Second : That, with this end in view, He foretold His sufferings and death. Third: The design of these sufferings. Under each of these heads the teaching of Christ was setforth in a classified form. The evening subject was "The Spirits in Prison." The text embraced verses 18 to 21 of the third chapter of the first Epistle of Peter. Commencing his sermon, Mr. Robinson said, " In forming an opinion of an author's meaning in a disputed sentence, there are three conditions to be observed. We must first endeavour to find out the spirit of the context, that no violence may be done to the natural flow of the writer's thoughts. The sentence should blend with other sentences, should harmonise with them in outline, and in the more delicate shades of thought. An explanation that does not fit in with the general drift of the argument should be suspected of un soundness." The second test named was " the grammatical;" the third, "the known opinions of the writer." Those formed the three steps of the argument. The purport of the writer was stated to be, that the Christians to whom Peter wrote were suffering persecution, which they were exhorted to bear from the example of Christ, and the long suffering of God in the days of Noah. This illus- tration from the judgment of God upon the ante- diluvians was used by Peter three times in the two Epistles, both written for the same object. Christ had spoken of judgments which should come upon Jerusalem, and had used the same fact to enforce his teaching—" As the days of Noah were, so shall the coming of the Son of Man be ;" (Matt. xxiv. 37), and said moreover that that generation should not pass away before his words were fulfilled. Thirty years had passed. The hour of doom was nigh. Noah was scoffed at, but God saved him ; the Christians were being scoffed at, but God would succour them. " But if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the sinner and the ungodly appear." The lesson was patience in their sufferings from the example of Christ, and the deliverance of Noah. The grammatial explan- ation went to prove that the participles used, "being put to death," and "quickened," being arorists, must refer to something completely done, and that Christ brings us to God by virtue of his comploted death and resurrection. Both are abso- lutely neccessary by the structure of the sentence. " In the flesh " and " by the spirit" were, in the Greek, of precisely the same form, the first signify- ing his complete manhood, the second his divine nature. By this divine nature he preached what? and how ? and when ? Again we have aorists, " He went," and " which were disobedient," both referring to an indefinite time, but completely past. Christ, by his divine nature, preached to them in the time past when they were disobedient; such a rendering is demanded by the aorist form. But besides this there is a word used, translated "some, time," also throwing the action of the preaching back to the past. More definitely, it is said to have taken place in the days of Noah ; and, again while the ark was building. Then was the time of the disobedience, then, too, the time of the preaching. And when Peter wrote they were spirits, "spirits in prison." But how, it maybe asked, did Christ "by the Spirit," or his Divine nature, preach, to the disobedient in the days of Noah? Peter said that Noah was a preacher of righteousness. He was one of the holy men of God who was " moved by the Holy Ghost." The sense is that Christ through the warnings proclaimed by Noah preached to the antediluvians, who being disobedient are now in prison. Peter gives other axamples of the same kind, 2 EpiB. ii. 5 to 9. But of Christ going to the dead to preach the gospel unto them, we havo no example. The opinion is an echo of the purgatory of the Romanists, and finds no countenance in Scripture The sermon closed with an earnest exhortation not to trifle with the offer of salvation. Many authorities wore quoted or referred to during the delivery of the sermon. Davey-street Congregational Church.—At this place of worship yesterday, the Rev. B S. Bird improved the occasion by preaching New Year's sermons to the young and the old of his congregation. At each service the edifice was crowded. In the morning the sermon was for the aged, and Mr. Bird chose as his text a portion of Hosea, c vii, v. 9, " Gray hairs are here and there upon him." To the young, in the evening, he preached from Joshua, c xxiv., v. 15, "Choose you this day whom ye will serve." Children's Service.—A service specially in- tended for the children of All Saints, St. Georges, and the Bethes la Sabbath-schools, was held in the church of the first-named parish yesterday afternonn. The interior of the building was tastefully decorated with flowers and evergreens, and was crowded with childron and their friends. Thoelessons were read by the Rev. Arthur Wayn. The Rev. Dr. Parsons preached the sermon, taking for his text the last portion of the 8th verse of the 4th chapter of the second epistle to Timothy : "But godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is and of that which is to come." The discourse was very suitable and impressive, the children and their elders having teo text clearly expounded to them. Mr. John Packer presided at the organ with his customary ability. City Police Court.— There were only two cases for disposal at the Police Court on Saturday. John McPhillips, charged with wandering abroad without any visible means of subsistence, was sent to prison for a month. Margaret Bullock, for disturbing the peace in the public street on the previous night, was fined 20s. 6d., in default of payment to go to prison for a month. Mr. W. Lovett, J.P., was tho presiding magistrate, Special General Session.—A court of special general sessions will be hold at the Mayor's Court, Town Hall, at 10 a.m., Wednesday, the 17th inst. for the purpose, of hearing appeals from the assess- ment roll of the city which was publishedd as a Gazette Extraordinary on Saturday. Insufficiently Stamped.—Mr. W. H. Burt, Carlton Brewery, Melbourne ; Mrs, Smith, Ballarat. The V. R. C. Champion Race.—This great event was run for on the Flemington Racecourse on Saturday, and, we are advised by cablegram, was witnessed by many thousands of spectators. The race was won by Mr. Eli Jellett's fine colt Rich- mond, with Mr. G. W. Petty's Goldsbrough second, and Mr. J. Wilson's Maid of All Work third. The time occupied to accomplish the three miles was 5min. 35sec.—a feat never before accomplished on this side of the globe.The nearest approach to Richmond's time was by the celebrated horse The Barb, the property of Mr. John Tait, of New South Wales, who won the last Australian Champion Sweepstakes in 1807 in 5min. 38sec. When it is considered that Saturday's winner won his race easily—and we compare it with The Barb's time- the feat is indeed a marvellous one, and one that will be long remembered in the Australian colonies. Richmond is considered but a mere pony, but his breeding is undeniable. He is by Maribyrnong from The Fawn, and consequently half-brother to Mr. Alfred Page's line horse Horatio—a fact which should be borne in mind by owners of thoroughbred stock in Tasmania. Richmond made his first appearance on the turf at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting in 1874 in the Maribyrnong Plate, but suffered defeat by his stable companion, Maid of All Work. On the following day he won the Kensington Stakes. He next appeared at Mary- borough, and pulled off the Selling Stakes. At Avoca, shortly afterwards, he contested two events, but only gained second and third positions. His next essay was.at Hawkesbury, N.S.W., in the month of August last year, where he run second to the Valetta colt for the Guineas, but on the second day he had his revenge by winning the Mares' Produce Stakes. We next find him at Randwick, N.S.W., in September of the samo year, and here he distinguished himself by'winning a race a day — namely, the Derby Mares' Produce Stakes, and Randwick Plate. In these races he met the best horses in the Australian colonies, both old and young, and we have only to mention a few to be borne out in this opinion—namely, Kingsborough, Goldsbrough, Robin Hood (better known as the Sylvia colt), and the Valetta colt. At the V.R.C. Spring meeting, in November last, on the opening day he suffered defeat at the hands of Robin Hood in the Derby, and again on the following day, although defeated, was not disgraced, for he gained second honours in the Melbourne Cup. On the fourth day of the meet, he showed his superiority over a three-mile course by winning the Canterbury Plate-Goldsbrough, Kingsborough. Melbourne, and Maid of All Work being behind him. At Bendigo, in December, he did not run up to his usual form, for he was beaten by Blazes in the Bendigo Han- dicap, and by Southern Cross in the Sandhurst Cup. This brings his performances down to Satur- day last, with the result as above ; and we can with safety state that a gamer or bettor horse has never performed on the Australian turf. Public Nurseries.—There are two places in the centre of the city that are a disgrace to it. The one is the piece of ground behind the Town Hall laid out as or intended for, a flower plot, which, after having been carefully dug and dressed, seems to be successfully devoted to rearing and spreading weeds. There is a luxuriant crop now growing, and as the bulk of it is shedding its seed, much of which is adapted for floating on the air, owners of gardens will know whence cometh their enemy. The Corporation labourers could keep the bit of ground clean while waiting for their pay, but if the work, is too heavy for them, perhaps the Public Works Committee will, to pre- vent strangers jeering at civic slovenliness, have the eye-sore removed, even if it should cost a day's wages to some active fellow. The other nursery of weeds is a piece of vacant ground between the Lands Office and the Guano Company's store, which seems devoted to growing thistles. The crop here is not in so forward a state as that behind the Town Hall, and ten minutes of a scythe would "do a power of good." It seems, however, absurd to ask the City Council to put the law in force against private citizen, when they show such a bad example themselves. The Marionettes.— Each repetition of this really clever performance tends to advance its merit in public favour. Since the reopening at the Theatre Royal the effect of the entertainment, both in a mechanical and scenic sense, has been plainly perceptible, and the management need en- tertain no regret on the score of having shifted their quarters from the Town Hall to the Theatre Royal. The afternoon performance on Saturday was well attended, every portion of the house being filled. The juvenile portion of the audience enjoyed the pantomine with great gusto, the antics of the clown and pantaloon proving a source of special delight. The judgment of the young people in this respect cannot be questioned, as the pantomimic action of the figures referred to is of suflicient excellence to excite surprise and arrest the attention of the oldest heads. The manipulation is something extra ordinary, the approach to naturalness of action being almost perfect. The clown, as well as all the principal figures, are manipulated by Mr. Trotter, au artiste who, we havo been informed, has devoted almost a lifetime to this exceptional line of business. The work is most laborious and exhaustive, and not- withstanding the degree of perfection attained by Mr.Trotter, as well as his colleague—for there is a second manipulator— they are physically prostrated at the termination of the performance each night. The gorgeous scenic arrangements, with their rapid shiftings and unexpected transformations, are under the management of Mr. Warner. The performance on Saturday evening was witnessed by a well-filled pit, but the attendance in the dress circle was scanty. A well- filled Saturday evening perform- ance in Hobart Town is an event never anticipated. The lime-light apparatus was in splendid working order, and the effects were correspondingly mag- nificent. This evening the performance will be under the patronage and in the presence of His Excellency the Governor and Mrs. Weld. CANINE FEROCITY.—A lad named Henry Hat- field, aged seventeen yeais, was bitten on the left arm by a large dog belonging to Mr. Donney, gingerbeer maker, of Murray-street, on Saturday afternoon. Two wounds were inflicted by the savage animal. The sufferer went to the hospital and had the hurts dressed. Yesterday afternoon a woman named Ann Gray went to the same institu- tion to have a wound on her left leg dressed. She stated that she bad been bitten by a dog at Bat- tery Point. The number of curs which infest our streets is becoming so great that Hobart Town will soon vie with Constantinople in that direction. The police are invested with special powers that should enable the force to thin them down, and a more rigid enforcement of the registration of dogs than was brought to light not long ago would have a wonderful effect. Suppose the Council were to let the right of collecting registration fees? MONSTER STRAWBERRIES.—The season for monster gooseberries has hardly arrived. Hitherto we have often had to chronicle "large" strawberries, but only now have reached the " monster" specimen of this luscious fruit. On Saturday we had forwarded to us a basket of what may fairly be styled "monsters." It contained eight strawberries of the Marguerite kind, grown by Mr. Walter Culf, and weighing exactly a pound weight. One of them, with the necessary ingredients, would have sufficed for a "dish of sweet strawberries smothered in cream." Think of one berry forming a dishful. Yet such was the fact. Temperance Meeting.—A temperance meeting will be held at the public schoolroom, Oyster Cove, on Thursday evening, the 6th inst. Should the weather prove favourable, a deputation from Hobart Town will be present. The Hon. S. D. Hastings is expected to address the meeting. Oddfellowship.—In consequence of to-day being observed as a public holiday, the meeting of the members of the Loyal Tasmania's Hope Lodge will be held to- morrow evening. St. John's Friendly Society.—A meeting of members will be hold at half-past seven o'clock this evening for the purpose of electing a secretary. Concert at Richmond.—A concert will be given at Richmond this evening hy a number of lady and gentleman amateurs from town and country. Father O'Keeffe.—Mr. O'Keeffe has addressed the following letter to Cardinal Cullen :—"May it please your Eminence,—Two years ago, in deep dis- tress, I sought my life from your nephew, Bishop Moran, and was refused it. The charity of the public has stilt enabled me to continue in existence to the present time, but all my resource are now exhausted, and I must die if you and he will continue to withhold from me my means of living. Is there anything which I can do to obtain food and raiment while God is pleased to leave me on earth, or must I depart for the want of the necessaries of life, which have now entirely failed me? I need not say I shall accept any terms with which I can comply if my life be spared. Spare it, however, or spare it not, I shall never confess myself a criminal before men. I am a sinner before God, and I will ask His mercy ; before man I am unconscious of guilt, and I will die without seeking its pardon. Your Emin- ence's most humble and obedient servant, Robert O'Keeffe, P. P., Callan, Oct. 7, 1875." Mr. O'Keeffe has also written a letter appealing for help to Mr. Disraeli, on the ground of the Irish Government being an aider and abettor of Cardinal Cullen in his proceedings against Mr. O'Keeffe. The letter to the Premier says :—" Callan, Ireland, Oct. 8, Sir,—It is my duty to inform you, before I am forced to quit this world, that the power of life and death which Cardinal Cullen exercises over me has been conferred upon him by the Irish Government. I owe his Emin ence of right no submission or obedience whatever, and he himself admitted on oath that ho possessed no jurisdiction over me or the parish which is my benefice, except what he deerived from a Papal Rescript which the Court of Queen's Bench in Ire- land pronounced to be an illegal and invalid docu- ment according to teo laws of the realm, and which I swore was improper and invalid in the view of my conscionce, inasmuch as it was obtained by ^misre presentation and without my knowledge or consent. Yet the Irish Government has dismissed eo from a workhouse chaplaincy at Cardinal Cullon's dictation, and has allowed him to imprison me now for nearly four months without affording me necessary support, or permitting me to find it by tho discharge of the duties of my office. In the extremity of my poverty and affliction I have sent his Eminence the letter of which I enclose a copy. . . .'' A man in Lesvernworth, Kansas, with four mar riageable daughters, has "Furnish your own kere sene," inscribed upon his front door. 