,EPTlE IFJER gnul, 1876. THE proposal of thle Government to rest the water frontages of HIobson's Bay, the Yarra and saltwater rivers, and other public property, in a Harbour Trust, is one which very deeply con cerns both ?Yilliamstown and Foot scray, and with a view to vent.lating the subject as much as possible we give in another column a somewhat lengthy resume of the measure which is to bo submitted to Parliament on the sub ject. It will. be seen by this that it is proposed to relegate to a Commission or Trust almost absolute power in the management and improvement of the port, and certain portions of the Yaran and Saltwater Rivers. It is generally believed that by vesting these powers in a properly constituted Board or Tr ,st, whose funactions will relate specially and exclusively to these mat ters, it will be an improvement on the existing system of Government control. If the Board be capable and so consti txuted as to fairly represent the various portions of the harbor coming under its jurisdiction, it is only reasonable to suppose that with the professional as sistance it will have at its disposal and the facilities for ascertaiining what is really best for the port, its operations should be attended with considermhle advantage. It will in the first place be independent of political influence to a great extent, and the term for which members are elected is sufficiently long for them to profit by experience in the management of the afliirs to which their office relates. We are not alto gether satisfied, however, with the amount of representation which it is proposed to give Footscray and Wil liamstown It is true they have the appointment of an equal number of representatives with Sandridlge. and Emerald Hill ; but the Melbourne City Council hals the appointment of two also, in addition to the three each ap pointed by the Melbourne Merchants and the colonial shipowners, who may also be said to have their interests cen tred in Melbourne. The western side of the Bay and river would accordingly have small weight in such a trust, so far as representation is concerned. It may be, however, that a commission of gentlemen having'to deail specially with providing :i good harbour for the metro polis of the colony, not for this decade merely but for the future, will have larger ideas than the head of a Govern ment department who secures office promiscuously and holds it on a very insecure tenure. They may see that it is worth while leaving Hobson's Bay where it is, and spending the money necessary to make its shores a harbour worthy of the place. In twenty years Melbourne will in that case probably have extended itself to the sea-shore, and Footscray and Williamstown will be immediately connected with the city. If the Harbour Trust becomes an ac complished fact, care should be taken that the districts on the western side of the Bay secured good representatives, men of influence and ability likely to be of service on the Board. THE Free Trade League has been tho roughly established, and action will he taken at once with a view to awaken ing an interest in the question and spreading a knowledge of the principles of free trade. It is an indisputable fact that a great many people in this colony, who once gave in their adher ence to the protectionist theory of hol stering up certain industries at the ex pense of the whole population, have had reason to change their views and in dline to freedom of trade. Experience has taught them that an industry may be kept going at a clear loss to the whole community. It is equally indis putable that free trade has been op posed by many men, simply because the protectionist leaders have adopted the plan of asserting that, protection provides employment, and that free trade destroys home production. Free traders know this to be false, and they propose to ventilate the subject and let men think it out for themselves. We have every reason to think that the free tradersin Williamstown will show them selves true to their faith and sincere in their determination to push, matters to an issue at the proper tithe by second ing the efforts of the Central Committee and forming a local organisation. THE Government has succeeded after a hard'battlo in extesiding the time.for collecting tolls till the 30th June, 1877. This is of greatimportanceto Footscray, where the main road would be a crush inig weight on the loc~¶i revenue if it were.not for the .tall., The .QCouncil Avduld only receive between £200 and £300 a-year under thel.Tire"Aclt to maintain a road which oost?s?as.many thousands. ONx our fourth page will'be found a very excellent artioleo on free trade and pro. tection, and an entertaining extract from the Gork Constitution--Father Prot's ser men on "the poor." TnE halr-hourly trains in the morn ings and evenings commenced running on TVilliamnstown line yesterday, and everythinig passed off satisfactorily. To ensure despatch the Department should provide a little extrx forc at Footscray. F.LLOWv's PRazze VLS.--R. .Punshon S'teved~e. sic5 .tSelt Agent for "W'wltant-m v - THE mail steamer Assam made a pleasure trip down the Bay yesterday,; tak, ingseverpl hundred eocursionists. Tit following tenders were received by the Government for improvements at the Customu House :--Forming, paving, channel, ling, and kerbing roadway and footpath Cus, tom-house, WVilliamstown, (alternate tenders), -sawn flagging footpath, John Henderson, £189; composition footpath, W. Thwaite, £123 5s. The tenders will be considered by the department. THE Emerald Hill Council has oex pressed its willingness to co-operate with Williamstown and Sandridge in putting the short road in order, and bearing a proportion of the cost of maintaining it. TIE Williamstown Artillery Band will perform the following programme at the Botanical Gardens this afternoon : quckstep-- " Bother take ae hoIe aga?n." Slection--Scotch Songs. Polka--" Floretta." ,Qadrillsoe Enchantrees." Malt--" Jorna," Selection -Coert Minstrels. Quadrille--" errg Round.U Gaosl-s' On the Track" " " GoSave the Qqeen." THE business of the National Bank at Footscray will be transacted in the cor ner of Hyde and Napier-streets on and after Monday. Tnu employos of the Water Depart ment have been busy during the weel. lay ing mains in Buckley and other streets in Footscray. The Council this week tried to induce the Department to inclide other'" streets in the nqmber, but were insuccess- " ful. SOME very handsome shades of arti ficial flowers in Mrs. Taylor's shop opposite the Custom House, have attracted the favour able notice of passers-by during the week. The flowers are beautifully made of rice paper and lwaa-,paper, and ore the lmanliwork of M .,ad?m Holmberg. They" are to be ilisn posed of by art-union, TnE owners of unoccupied lands at, Footscray would do well to pay up their arreats of rates, as the Council inteud to fence in such blocks, and lease them. They have power to lease for seven years. Mrs. Scltild of ITyde-street, opposite the Footscray Town Hall, has been lioeused to sell fee stamps and posta-ge stamps. WE notice by an advertisement else where, that the annual meeting of the nWilliamstown Cricket Olub is coaled for Monday evyning. The committee trust that the members will turnt op in strong, force as the business to be brought for, ward for their consideration is of the ut most importance for the welfare of the club. ThlUnsDAy,being the last day of the coursing season, the Messrs. Chirnside, of \Werribee l'ark, invited the town-folk e.t \yyndhatn and residents in the neighbour hood to a day's coursing on their estate. A most enjoyable day was spent. There were plenty of hares and some good dogs to clase them: but pu-s had by far the best of them inthe pace. The usual generosty of the plI r prietors of Werribee 1'ark was observable in the handsome manner in which the guests were entertained. In order to render more effective the means of comnlunication between the various suburban police stations, it is iln tended to carry telegraph wires into some. of the offices. The Williamstown Police Sta tion shall be afforded this accommodlation im meliutely, by which arrangement the police twill be able to communicate direct with the head office in Melbourne and other stations. It is said to be the intention of the CG vern-. ment also to give the custom-house at Wil. liamstown direct telegraphic communicati.n with Melbourne and the Heads, which will be a great convenience in the transaction of the Customs work. A man named Hor? hadl : terribly narrowy escape from certain deathl on Wetl-. nosday night at the Willianstown railway station. The station master had given the signal for the seven o'c ock train to start~ when the young person in A,llatr's. refresh ment bar cried out that a man had fallen be, tween the carriages. The signal to stop was given, and on proceeding to the spot Indicated the porters found a sian lying on the line his neck across the rail, and one of the wheels. of the carriage so close to. himn that the slight est movement of the train would inevitably. have severed his head from his body. He was picked up, and taken to the watch house, where he was kept all night, and the next morning he was fined 5s. for. drunken ness. THIE LATE BOAT AccwDwr.---Any doubts which were entertained respecting the fate of the young man Robert Cox were dis' solved on Sunday afternoo, by the diseovery?, of the boat in which he had gone out fishing. It was lying sunk in deep water off the south? shore, about Awo.miles from the Brealwater.. Cox's brother, the Robinsons, and some others, had been searching frequently since. - the young man had been missed on Monday. week; but beyond finding a mop otn the St.. Kilda beach, which was identified as belong-. ing totho boat in which Cox had been out fishing. nosuccess attended their efforts. On, Sunday afternoon, they-were out in two boats, with a line weighted in the middle,, sweeping the. bottom when the boat was discoxerod. Capt, Henry Coxt, who had also been out. several days, assisted in getting the boat to the surface, and towed her into \Villiams-. tdoP. .Shewas apparently just as site went down. The ssai was up-- the lines verae coiled up in the bottosi of the boat, the knife used by Cog in cutting bait was in its place-. and even apiece of fish used as bait ?p.iying~ in its place. CounsrNo. - Thea Laverton stakes, meeting of the WVilliamstown and Wyndham. Coursing Clb: was continuned lasT.Saturday, and a most etjoyable day's sport was, par-. ticipated in by a largcficl, o£ coursers., The six courses remaiping to complete the nutch were all got through before two.o'clock, and first-.lasp.ttials. they were. Thie party were Sthus enabled to make an eurly return to town. Iafter passing a most ageeable tiine in the field. The stakes were paid over at the Court Hotsa hotel, Thompson-street, on, SThlursday aftgroron, .r. W. Pitt in the chair. Thesilver cup presented to the Club, fur competition by J. Phelps, Esq., was on view and gas very mnch admiredl. It was presented together with a gheque for £20, to. Mr. F. Woodhotse, tile owngeS of Vandyke. which won the stake, with some compliment tary observitions by the chainrman. Mr. W. E. Oldfield, thaowner of Beatrice, the runner up received a cheque tor .10, and Messas. J. Bonnstt and S. Bluer. cheques. ~or.£5 each, they b!eing the respective owners of Benvolio. and Bellerophop, the .thiri antd foorth. dogs. The cheques having been presengted, the, usual tonasta were honoured, and, a short time spent in discussing thle meeting which was regartded on all sidos a' the" most sue.? cessful so far as trhe sl,:rt was concerned, Q b iny lda i.i cenqesti.t with Btheg Clh W E aro compelled through pressutre on our space to hold overleading matter and our report of the ghost case at the Williams town Police Court on Tuesday. MTh. Ross is the contractor for re pairing the south wall of the Williamstowni Post Office, which is shaky. THE mailsteamer Assam ran into the stonework of the Graving Dock last even ing In coming alongside the jetty after being on a trip down the Bay. She flattened in her stem, anti broke some masonry of the Dock. Pilot Reid was in charge. Two vely juveltilo imitators of Jack Sheppard appeared in the Williamstown Police Court on Tuesday, when quite a calender of offences appeared to be laid to their credit. In the first place, they were accused of stealing a pigeon, and it trans, pired that wher, one of them was accused of the daring rubbery he partially admitted the self impeachment by saying he "gave Joe a leg up" to the pigeon-box, and Joe, his companion, did the doughty deed. The owner of the pigeons was disturbed, how ever, and his appearance on the hack yard induced the boys to decamp without their boots. They retirned the pigeon, but be. tween eleren and twelve o'clock that night the same pigeon was stolen again. To show what the parents knew of the doings and whereabouts of these youngsters of nine or ten years, the father of one said the mother could swear the boy was in bed at half-past eight that evening but the boy himself said be did n,,t go litome till half-past nine. The police mentioned that there was another charge against them if this fell throughl..viz., pf Stealing eggs from M r. i)ouch's bakehouse. This was not proceeded with, however and on the first chage they were each lined Oas, with the alternative of .cven days imprison ment. The father of one expressed his de termination not to pay the line, as the boy was incorrigible. It is hard to think that quiet-looking little fellows of nine or ten years can be incorrigibles, without crediting their guardians with some blame in reslpect to their taiining. TILE GOOST CASE---A rumour that someone had tried to frighten the Town In Ppector, Mlr. Hammond, one night last week, by assgming the "rquestionaole shape" of a ghost, and that the thwack ,vhiceh Mr. Ham mind gave the j-.ker on the head, was to be the subject of Police o?grt proceedings, at tracted a large crowd of people to the Court =louse on Tuesday morning. There was an pudible tittea amongst the audience when the' police called out " McGregor against Ham pound," an4l a stout woman of some 15 stone stood up, as the presumed representative of the ghost. lice was a ghost indeed ! No snare collection of bones, according to the re cggnised form of such existpnces; but a portly dapse whose iopoitions were eo ample as to tai the capacity of the wituess box to the ut most. h,-r statement was to the effect that on the night of the lst., lie was cosming to wards Villiamstowli fromt the direction of himpson's slaughterhouse, and when coming through the .rtlh \ Williamstown gates some objgie arrayed in white jumped up close to bhio and ccrd out "B'oo." lie was carrying a psir of fowls in one hand, and a walking stick in the othe,'. lcing anxious to avoid a ' foul" assault, he did not hit the" boo"-ist with the live stock, but brought his walking stick to bear oq the sun.ject. He admnts he was sttrledtl-witl the "apparition"; but lie bemng "a iariellioner" ought not to have been so skear-etd, s the inagiltrates thought. 'The woman denied that she was playing any trick on the. Iuslect.,r. ~he said she went pa t to call her children, and the night being cold shle put her pet'ico.a up over her he?lt. She denied sayin;g " noo." The Bench did u?n,t'thiu a heavy penalty should be intlictett on the inspector, but they censidered lie should not make experiuelnts in spectral p aliycis with a heavy walking stick; so they dinmissed the charige of uwnae ul ass.ult pre ferrell against 1hiiun, anti balanced imatters by ordering hui to pay £2 tinl.tnats to tile com Ihl?nuanu with £3 i:s. custs. 