MADOAP VIOLET. BY WILLIAM BLAOK. Authob of a.Fbinoess of Thole, Thbee ■ Feathkbs, &o.;, £o. Published by special arrangement; with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XII.—Walpurgts Night. On the very next afternoon Lady North and Violet paid the promised visit to Mrs. Warrener. Unluckily, Jame3 Drum mond was not in the house, but his sister had enough of his shrewdness of percep tion to spe how little likely it was that this step-mother and step-daughter should ever agree—the one a prim, digni fied, matter-of-fact little woman, who had a curious watchful and observant look in her cold grey eye3, and a certain affected stateliness of manner ; the other a proud, impetuous girl, who had the bitterest scorn of all pretence and an amazing frankness in showing it. Lady North, so far as her formal man ner would allow, was profuse in her apologies to Mrs. Warrener for the short notice she had given her; and now it appeared that what Violet had modestly called an " At Home" was in reality a fancy dress ball. Mr. Miller had also been modest in the matter, and had not told his friends of his having received an invitation. "It is so short a time," said Violet, "but I am sure you will come, Mrs. Warrener—and Amy too." " Not Amy at. any rate," said the gentle little house-mother, with a smile. ." My only doubt, Lady North, is about my brother. I am afraid a fancy dress ball would not quite fall in with his habits." ." My dear Mrs. Warrener," said Violet, with the air of a woman of the world, " it does not accord with any body's habits, but it is merely a harmless piece of fun that even very wise people like. Vou have no idea how pleased he will be by the show of beautiful cos tumes. And I know he will come if you say that I particularly asked him. W e shall have quite a party by ourselves, you know—Mr. Miller is coming." " And what will be. his dress V' asked Mrs. Warrener. " I don't know," said Violet, and then she added, with a sort of mischievous smile, " 1 ell him to come as Romeo. Would lie not look well as Romeo 1 Now do, Mrs. Warrener, tell him that I wish him to come as Romeo." "Very well, Violet," said Mrs. War rener, with a smile; but she shook her head all the time : the schoolgirl had not wholly left this young lady. .. Now, strang9 to say, Mr. Drummond accepted the invitation with eagerness and delight—it happened to strike some fancy. In a second he was full of schemes of costume. .He would go as this, he would go as that; his sister must -be Pharaoh's Daughter, must be Consuelo, must be Lady Jane Grey. In imagination he tumbled all the centuries together, and played hop, skip, and jump through history. In the end he was forced to confess that he did |not know what to do. There came to his aid a practical young man. "The simplest thing in the world," said George Miller, with a superior air, "Vou come with me to a man in Bow street ; he will show you colored plates ; you can have a dress made for you, or you can see what he has. I will go with you ; he will charge you ever so much too much if you let him." " And you—have you got your dress ?" asked Drummond, with a modesr air, of this experienced person. "It is being made," said he carelesly, lam going as Charles I." " I have a message for you as regards that," said Mrs. Warrener, looking at him in her quiet and humorous way. "Violet was over here yesterday. She bade me tell you you must go to the ball as Romeo." All the carelessness went out of the young man's manner in a second. "No!" said he. "Did she [really? It is not a joke ?" "I have delivered the message as I got it." "By Jove! Then I must telegraph to them to stop the Charles I, dress—oh, I don't care whether I have to pay for it or not!—in any case I will go as Romeo." And then he added quickly, with a flush in his face, "Don't you think the joke a good one ? She was making fun, of course ; but what a joke it will be to sur prise her?" Forthwith it was arranged that these three should make up a little party to go to Bow-street; and on their way thither it almost seemed as if Mr. Drummond had gone out of his senses. Young Miller did not understand this kind of thing. Imaginary conversations between dis carded costumes about the character of their successive wearers ? Ghosts getting into a costumier's repository, and having a fancy-dress ball by phosphorescent light. He treated such nonsense with impa tience ; he would rather have understood clearly what dress Mr. Drummond pro posed to wear. Then, even in presence of the grave and puzzled costumier, also, young Miller, as a shrewd and practical person, perceived that this was a matter of business, and not a subject for all manner of whimsical absurdities. Where was the fun of be wildering a costumier, when that worthy person was patiently turning over the colored plates? 'cMercutio," gaid Drummond. "Is that Mercutio ? How plump and well favored he is. I always Ipyed Merculio-r but I did not know he was so good looking. They say Shakspeare killed him because he could not keep up the supply of jokes that Mercutio needed. They might as well say that God took and plunged the rivers into the sea lest there shouldn't be enough water left on , land for a long river-course. That's why the rivers always take the nearest way; and that's why poor old Mercutio was killed." Now what was the good of talking lika that to this puzzled tradesman and artist ? Young Miller had continually to keep saying, "And how much would that be—in blue satin and velvet, for example." It was indeed very lucky for these two that Mr. Miller had gone with them ; for, in the end, when they had finally made I their choice, he suggested an arrangement j which lessened the proposed cost by more j than one-half. The costumes were to be made according to sketches which Mr. Drummond was to supply; but they were to remain the property of the costumier ; and only their temporary use to be charged for. Not only Mr. Drummond, but also his sister, who had more to do j with accounts, was quite impressed by the business-like way in which Mr. Miller drew up and ratified this contract. One evening that little garden in Cam berwell saw a strange sight. It was nearly dusk; under the cherry and apple trees there was almost darkness. And what was this tall and silent figure, clad from head to heel in a cloak of sombre red, with a sword thrusting out the cloak behind, with a peaked black cap coming down on the forehead, and that sur mounted by a tall red feather that here and there brushed the leaves of the trees ? What manner of man was this, with ruddy shadows under the strangely vivid eyes, with cadaverous cheeks, with pointed beard and curled moustache, and with a fiendish grin on his lips 1 Then a younger man stepped down from the balcony; and behold the youth was bravely clad in | blue and silver, with a cape of velvet hanging from his shoulders ; and there was a soft yellow down on his upper lip ; and a look of gay laughter about his handsome face. He, in turn, was followed i by a beautiful and gentle creature, who wore her yellow hair in two long plaits j | behind, and who appeared in a simple! dress of white, with its tight sleeves and its satchel touched here and there with1 J blue. • Strangely enough, as the three figures walked here and there through the | twilight of the g;arden, Mephistopheles, j Romeo, and Margarete spoke the same language, and laughed with the same light laughter. It was their dress- rehearsal; , the solitary spectator being a young lady! [ in the balcony, who said they looked like ghosts, and hoped she should not dream 1 of them that night. _ The important evening at length ar i rived; and Mr. Miller had arranged to dress at James Drummond's bouse, for he was quite sure that, without his super vision, Mephistopheles would be found lacking in fiendish eyebrows and mous tache. James Drummond was not accus I tomed to these things ; he was a mere child in the hands of young Miller, who dealt with this matter in a serious and didactic fashion. _ The big house in Euston-square was all lit up; Chinese lanterns were hung along the covered way leading down to the gate; and on the pavement a large number of people had assembled to watch the arrivals descend from the carriages and _ walk up that lane of dimly-colored light. There was a mur mur of surprise when a tall gaunt figure in sombre red stalked by; with a whisper I of " The Devil J" Romeo was a little bewildered ; he was wondering how Violet would be dressed; whether she would be kind or proud ; whether she would dance with many people. He resolved that he would not stay in the room if she danced with any one other than himself ; and he already hated that unknown stranger. More brilliant lights ; a sound of dis tant music; some servants, with staring eyes and anxious manner. Mr. Drummond taps young Romeo on the shoulder. "You are in the way." He stands aside; and two strange creatures go by. " Thank you," says one of them cour teously. "You have allowed two centuries to pass." As yet they are but encountering the outward ripples of the great whirlpool within. Cleopatra, proud and dusky, with golden ornaments pendant over her forehead, comes out into the cooler air of the hall; she is attended by an execu tioner, draped in black, and masked. Whose are these enormous scarlet feathers ! sweeping back from the cowl 1 Surely they and the long slashed cloak belong to a High Raron of Germany ? There, at the foot of the stairs, Mary Queen of Scots is chatting pleasantly with a tall youth dressed as chef de cuisine ; beside' them stands the redoubtable Jean Sans terre, the lights gleaming on his suit of chain mail, his huge shield and battle axe. Harlequin whips by; the solemn Master of: Ravenswood appears with Ophelia on his arm; the mighty-hearted, Barbarossa and the Fills du Regiment, laughing and talking together, are making for the ball-room. " Ait thou not Borneo and a Montague!" At the sound of that well-known voice our three strangers turned instan taneously ; what wonderful vision was this not the Violet North they knew, but Juliet herself descended in all her beauty from the moonlit balcony—her face a trifle pale, perhaps,' but that may have been the reflected light of her robes of ^ white satin—her magnificent black hair looking blacker because of this gleaming dress—her dark eyes full of fire, and light, and gladness—the proud, sweet mouth partly opened in the e^-1 citement of the moment, and just show ing a glimmer of milkwhite teeth. Young Romeo was altogether ■ overwhelmed, blinded, bewildered. What great con-j descension was this—or was Bhe but toying with him; she the fullgrown { woman still fancying that he was but a I youth ? There was more of the girl than of the woman, however, in the delight of her face, in the eager fashion in which she insisted on showing them where Lady North was posted. Oh, Violet, how lovely you look in that dress !" Mrs. Warrener could not help saying, in an undertone. ?'' Can we get up the stairs ?" , the girl said. "Lady.North is on the landing. Mr. Drummond, shall we lead the way V Surely Romeo and Juliet should have gone together. Romeo was rather silent when he saw that beautiful creature in the white satin and pearls pass in with the tall figure in sombre red. For a few seconds the crush on the stairs kept them jammed on and motion less at one point of the ascent. Violet turned round; Romeo was just beneath; and she said, to him, with a tender sweet ness— "How cam'st thou hither, tell me! and where fore? The orchard walls are high, and hard to climb; And the place death considering who thou art' If any of my kinsmen find thee here." ' He could not answer—his face flushed red with embarrassment; but fortunately another upward movement on the part of the crowd carried theiii on again and hid his vexation. " She has studied her part better than you," said Mrs. Warren, with a quiet smile. . " How could I know ?" said he, almost angrily. "I did not know she would be Juliet. I suppose these are the speeches Juliet makes. And one looks such a fool." "But surely you know the pretty things that Romeo says to her 2" said his companion. "No, I don't," he said, gloomily. " Poetry was never much in my way. But—but if you know, Mrs. Warrener — couldn't you give me a hint or two—" " I think my brother has taken up your part," said she; and then, indeed, they heard that Mephistopheles and Juliet were addressing each other in very- beautiful language. George Miller leapt to the conclusion that there was a great deal of exaggerated "and tawdry sentiment about Shakespeare ; and that, in any case, • theatrical stuff should be kept for theatres. On the landing, and in a recess so that her guests could pass by her into the ball room, they found Lady North, who was very dignified and very courteous. Her eldest daughter, Anatolia, stood by her. What made young Mr. Miller ask this rather plain looking young lady, so that his companions could distinctly over-hear, for the next waltz she had free 2 He had not asked Yiolet to dance. [To he continued,.] 