PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY.' Tuesday, 29m February. Tbo Speaker took tho chair at half-past four j o'clock. LATE TRAINS. Mr. .TONES, in reply to a question, stated that thcro were some instances of trains boing lato on tho North-eastern line, owing to tho increased traffic. On tho main lino also, several instances of delay had occurred. No complaints had boon made to tho department on the subject, and. if any wero mado tbey would be investigated. supplt. Tbe House having gone into committee of supply, the estimates for the year were proceeded with. Mr. MACBAIN, on the item £1119 12s. lid., Parliamentary Library, asked if the Premier had ascertained whether any of the proposed expendi ture for the year, as embraced in the estimates, could bo reduced. Sir .TAMES M'CULLOCH regretted tbat he was not in a position at tbat time to propose any reduction, nor had ho time to consider whether ho conld curtail any of the votes now asked for. Item agreed to. Items agreed to : — Refreshment room, £270 ; Chief Secretary's department, £2239 10s. 10d.; Government statist, £932 10s. Mr. MACBAIN, on tho item of £64,349 for police, asked if tho Government would give addi tional police protection to Natamuc, Horsham district, and also pointed out tho desirability of reducing public expenditure in connection with tbe various Government offices by forwarding communications in the form of short memos., in stead of on large sheets of paper. Mr. MACPHERSON stated that the Govern ment were guided in reference to police protec tion to country districts by the amount of crime committed in the locality, aud tbe circumstances of the population; The bint as to the waste of paper would be acted upon, and, indeed, had peon to some exteut already, Mr. WOODS had been under the im|>reision that tho Government were so iiitent upon keep ing all tbe available police in Melbourne, in pro tocting the Opposition from violence, owing to their unpopularity, that they could notation! to send any to the country, it was a remarkable spectacle to see 200 police idling the galleries, the cellars, and the approaches to the House, to restrain the people from expiessing their ap proval of tbe proceedings of the Government. Mr. MACPHERSON, in reply to various ques tions, stated that police inspectors were provided with suitable quarters, according to the locality in which they were stationed. The item for forage, and also tbat for incidentals, wero not in excess, having regard to the large amouut ex pended on the police branch of tbo service.' Mr. WOUDS contended that the Government should not allow sums for fuel, water and other expenses. Men should be puid right out for their services as in private business, and there the matter should end. Tho Premier would not tolerate in his private business what ho knew was going on in tho departments. Mr. M'LELLAN was understood to say, "Look in a gloss." Mr. WOODS retorted that if the hon. member looked in a gloss himself he would .see what would be highly ainusiog to him and everybody else. Mr. M'LELLAN said he never did anything to disgrace himself. Mr. WOODS ejaculated : The hon. member is a coward to make that remark here, and if ho will say it outside I will punch bis head. (Ho then left the chumhcr). The CHAIRMAN said this language could not be allowed to go ou. He, however, could not do more than call attentiou to the language. It wab for tho committee to take action. Mr, JvING rose to a point of order. He desired to call attentiou to the irritating re marks interjected by the hon. member for Ararat. If tho Govornmeut-did not prevent provocation oa their own side of tho House, they could not expect order to be maintained. Sir .TAMES M'CULLOCH said ho hoped there would he no more of this. There was no neces sity for this strong and violent language. The matter then dropped. After some remarks from Messrs. Dixox, Casey and Rent with referenco to tho item under discussion it waa put and passed. Mr. G. V. SMITH, ou the item £17,264 2% for penal establishments, asked if it was the iur- tention of tho Government to take into conside ration the question of life-sentenced prisoners with a viow to their release. .Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said the question hod been under the consideration of the Government for some timo past, as they felt that to leave men without hope was most injurious to their moral and pbjsical welfare, and they hoped bo fore long to he able to deal with the subject. ' Mr. SERVICE thought it would be a dangen- ous thing to deal with tbe sovcral cases on a rule. Each individual case should be dealt with on its own merits. Mr. LAXGltlDGE thought that tho amount for discharged prisoners should be increased. Mr. MACPHEltSON said there was a certain fixed amount of work determined for each pri soner to perform, aud for all work done by each mau over and above tho amount they were paid u certain rate. . Mr, WRIXON said bo believed that the amounts paid to prisoners ou their discharge varied from £1 to £5 or £6. Mr. RAMSAY : As much as £10 and £15. Mr. WRIXON said ho did not know it was ever so much. He believed that the Government bad kiven some intimation of their intention to assist tbe association established for tho relief and as sistance of discharged prisoners. He hoped that if tho Government did not see their way clear to give the society direct pecuniary aid they would place the money due to the prisoners in tho hands of the socioty, for unless these men wero assisted and encouraged to ex pend their money in some honest calliug the very amount paid them might be tbe means of leading them into further mischief. He trusted the Government wonld see their way clear to co operate with the society, as it enabled a large per centage of prisoners to pursue a reputable mode of life. Mr. MACPHERSON said tho Government had lmd under their consideration the subject alluded to ly the hop. member (Mr. Wrixon). Tiie society deserved the thanks ot tho country for the efforts it had put forth. Mr. LANGTON thought it would be desirable to make a distinction in the treatment of habitual criminals and those who were uot. There was already at their disposal, tho Euglish statute relating to the treatment of habitual criminals. Item passed. Mr. KING, on the item £2S,129 3s. 4d. for the hospitals for the insane, in addition to previous sums voted, suggested that tho sum should be postponed uutil the inquiry now going on was concluded. Sir JAMKS M'CULLOCH considered that tho inquiry would bo too protracted, and tho report would be too long delayed to bo of any service iu the consideration of these estimates. Mr. COPE asked what duties were performed by tbo visitors, for whoiu fees amounting to £900 appeared amongst tho items of this vote. It was clear, he said, that these geutlemeu were nonentities, or the proceedings that had beeu going on would not havo escaped them. Mr. PATTERSON thought the subject of the Hew inquiry was of such importance that tbe House should not rise uutil it had been dealt he thought it would be better to postpone thu vote. Mr. CREWS hoped the House would not hurry the proceedings of the board of inquiry. It wns their intention aud desire to sift the subject, and place all the facts before the House and the country. Mr. LONGMORE agreed that this question Bbould bo sifted to the bottom. Mr. LANGKIDGE said the £900 for visitors fees was too much or too little. It was clear thoy did not know what had been revealed, and tbey ought to be paid to do tbe work well or they ought not to he paid at all. If they had attended to their dnty this inquiry would not have been required. Mr. MACBAIN contended that the appoint ments in the asyluru should not bo uuder the control of the Minister, as at present, but under the head of tho asylum, us Dr. Robertson had suggested. Air. MACPHERSON said that no appointments were made without a certificate from the head of the department that the persons were competcut. The real difficulty the superintendent had to contend with was, be presumed, with regard to the dismissal of attendants. He (Mr. Mac- pberson) did not, however, intend to deal with anything in connection with that department while the present inquiry was pending. Mr. LONGAIORE felt quite confident that if the appointment and dismissal of attendants were placed entirely in tho bauds of the superin tendent, there would be a very much worse state of matters. Mr. KING said the remarks made by tbe hon. member for the Wimmera were unfair while tbe present inquiry was going on, inasmuch as they im puted incompetency to the Government in making the appointments, aud inefficiency on the part of the employes. \ Mr. MACBAIN said be had no intention of being unfair, hut ho thought the boii. member (Air. King) ought to know by tbat time that the (tni'Prnmwnf. vsrv fionnauflv mnrla liarl ntihnint. ments. Mr. J. T. SMITH said that as chairman of tbe board of visitors be had frequently to visit the asylums, and be could assure the House that tbe regulations which the Government made some time since, by which applicants for employment in the asylums were taken in on probation, had been carried out, and there was iu that way an opportunity given to the superintendent of seeing whether or nut the' applicants were eligible. If tbey were found to be incompetent tbey were not appointed to tbe regular staff. A number of tho present attendants were smart, active men, but there were others whose proper place would no in Fentridge fStock&de.; Tbe board ot visitors bad repeatedly recommended that the per sons employed in that capacity should be those who could amuse tho patients, and occupy their minds. The hoard of visitors had to make themselves acquainted with every detail in the institutions, and he therefore felt justified in asking hon. members not to allow the general sensational feeliug that was predominating in regard to the Kew Asylum inquiry to influence them, A short time i— " " mm iwl ago a patient was admitted into tho Kew Asylum, and on tbe second day after his adruis- ion it was discovered tbat .he had broken \- «e (Mr. Smith) knew tbe patient, and received from him & statement of now his ribs were broken, in which he charged a police-con stable at Warrnambool with causing bis injury. The patient related tbe mattor so distinctly, concisely afld rationally tbat he (Air. Smith) I®d .to place great reliance in his statemont. The Chief Secretary, bowovcr, communicated with tbo authorities at Warrnambool, and was furnished with information which clearly showed that tbe man was under a delusion, and his state ment unreliable. The acuteness and cunning of insane persons in making up a statement and sticking to it could not bo conceived but by those who came into immediate contact with, lunatics. Notwithstanding all that had been, said regarding tbe Kew Asylum, public opi nion might well be allayed by the fact that means wero now being taken to secure a better- class of persons for attendants.. The Government could not remove ali thei- incompetent Attendants at once, but they could, provide for them in other departments, and gra dually make room for and secure the superioi' class of men which was so much required.. Thousands of pounds had been wasted in erecting the Kew institution, and, after all, it was more like a common gaol than a lunatic asylum. There was a great want of space, and, consequently, it? was greatly overcrowded. Inoneroom2U0patients: might be seen dining together, while their sleeping: apartments were in closo proximity. In regard, to Dr. Robertson, and Dr. Pa ley especially, bo did not think there wero two men in tho public service more desirous of doing their best, but alL their efforts to ameliorate the conditions of tho insane wero defeated by want of space. He (Atr- 8uiith) believed the House would bo soon called! upon to vote a sum of money for the purpose oi! extending tho accommodation at the Kew hndl Yarra Bend asylums. At present tbe Government were doing all tbat could be done, and therefore there was no fear for tbe future. Tbore was a large number of patients there wai no necessity of keeping within the bounds of thu ostium, aud whom it woukl be far better to board) out. Others could be usefully employed outside. Mr. WRIXON approved -of tbe boai-ding ouft system, and bethought the Government ought'to consider tho desirability of changing the locality of tho asylums, and plaoing them where they might have plenty of room. Mr. JOHNSTONE thought steps should he takon to ascertain whether the board of visitors were really answering the objects for which tbey wero appointed, Mr. BENT said it bad been suggested that tho Kew and Yarra Bend asylums might very well be sold, and that cottages tit for human beings to live iu should bo erected in suitablo localities for the insano persons, who would then have some chance of being cured. Neither tbe pre sent nor former Cbiof Secretaries evor denied that hon. members had got friends, although in competent, appointed to charges in these restitu tions, and it was consequently to be inferred that such was tho prevailing practice. Afr. AlACPHERSON said it could not bo de nied that hon. members used their influence to secure Government appointments for their friends, but be was not uwnre of a single case in which a person had been appointed to tbe Kew Asylum in opposition to the head of tbe depart ment. The item was then put and agreed to. Items agreed to— Industrial Schools and Re formatories, £I1,8G3 lis. lOd. ; Observatory- £1094 10s. Air. WOODS, In respect to the item £4545, Public Library' and National Gallery, brought under the notice of the House the propriety elf. opcuing the library on Sundays. Iu according thi9 privilege they would be ouly following thb example set by many cities in tho old country. Ho would regard it as a concession if, in passing tho vote, an expression of opinion were attached tbat the House was in favor of tbis proposal. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH contended tbat thfe question had been discussed and decided alreadjy during tbe session. After some further discussion, Mr. WOODS withdrew bis amendment. Tbo item was tben agreed to. Mr. BOSISTO, ou the item of £300 for tUe Government botanist, called atteution to tbio insufficiency of tbat amount for onabiiug tbrit gentleman to carry out tbo work of his departmeitf with efficiency. Afr. CONNOR called atteution to the item of £100 for the publication of a work on Austra lian plants, and suggested tbat tho Government botanist should be requested to prepare a small work on Australian botany for use in tbe Stake schools. Mr. CAAfPBELL said tbat when tbe Govern ment botanist had finished the large'work oti Australian plants, he would he in a position tb compile a smaller work adapted for schools. He bolievcd the Government botanist wais crippled by not receiving sufficient means for carrying ou his work. lie believed the amount ought to be £1000 instead £300. Mr. AIACiCAY said thnt when he was a mem ber of the Kerfcrd Government he had expressed a desire that a book of instruction in botnny should be prepared for the school children, aud it bad been his intention to get Baron Von Mueller to prepare such a woik. iu several letters received in tbis colony from tbe other colonics, tbis Government was upbraided for tbe manner in which it had treated Baron Von Alnoller, a man of European reputation. Hie (Mr. Mackay) believed a mistake had been made in leaving a man of such attaint- ments without an acre of ground to work upon, and without tbe means of carrying out tho function for which be was appointed. (Mr. A. T. Clark : Your Government did it.) Hie (Air. Mackay) was not all the Government, anil bo now took tbis opportunity of expressing bib dissent from what bad been doue. ' Mr. M'KEAN said that the position Baron voti Mueller was in had been brought on himsehL He had been ottered half of tbe Botanical Garden in which to carry on his experiments. He haid refused tbis and every other arrangement ottered. The garden, when uuder him, was like a wilder ness. Air. KERFERD said Afr. AI'Kean had cor rectly stated the case. As for the complaints made by the other colonies, they were made cm ex parte representations. Tho other colonies dil not keep a botanist, and our Government botanist did their work for them for nothing. The doctor bad expended no less than £150,000 of tho Go vernment money on tho Botanical Gardens, ansl they were properly described ns & howling wilder ness. Air. AIACDERMOTT moved that £300 'should be added to the vote for clerical work. Afr.- WOODS maintained that tbe colony wouhl not get a shilling in the pound value for monqy paid for the services rendered by Baron Yen Afueller. If it was said that be was working far a European reputation, that would be a straight forward statement, but the vote was not now put ou a proper footing. ' Mr. AlACPHEKSON said tho Government would carefully consider the whole subject in preparing tbe next estimates. Air. AIACDERMOTT withdrew his motion far tbe increase of tbe vote. Air. HANNA trusted that the Chief Secretary would at once and for ever do away with this eterual ghost. lie remembered tbat ten, twelve, aud £14,000 had beeu voted for the Botanic re serve, which hud beeu used for tbe purpose oi supplying tbe goutryj living around with free plants. The £8u0 a year to the Baron was voted as a pension to get rid of hira. Air. BOSISTO expressed his surprise at the ad- vcriiv viiiuuicut'9 p'.jouit uj iiuUi iumiiocrs on a scientific man, whoso labois had been and would be of the utmost value to tbo colony. After some remarks from Air. ATirams and Atr. Bknt, Air. MACPHERSON, in answer to Air. Lalor, said that the baron had asked for an increased amount for clerical work. The motion was tben put, and agreed to. The items, £718 0s. Su. on account of tbe Go verument shortbaud writer, and £450 on account of tbe Victorian Hansard, in addition to sums previously voted, were agreed to, without do bato. Air. MACBAIN, on tbe item £952 being pro posed for the Agent- Genera), in addition to suiub already voted, asked tbe » Government if tlie oflice expired at tbe end of tbreo years, and if it was intended to till it again when it next became vacant. He was not aware thut auy attempt had Leoa made to disseminate information in England with regard to these colonies, (which lie believed was one of tbe chief functions of tbe Agent- f4aiiArntaliin WliAn in Rn<rl«ii/1 a i-lmr» iin.n the only telegram lie noticed iu the London Times for eoine weeks nbout Victoria was "Melt bourne, Uth November. — Weather unsuallycohl.'/ He thought thut if the office were maintained, the services of tho gentleman engaged should be utilised. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said tbat tbe policy of tbat Parliament bad been to put an end to immigration as far as payment for that purpose by tbo State was concerned. If the Agent- General for Victoria bad bad money at his dis posal, as other Agonts-Qeneral had, he should have tben done what wa9 necessary to put before the people of the United Kingdom full informa tion regarding Victoria. He (Sir JamesM 'Cnllocb) had made arrangements to get some of Mr. Hayter's books published in a cheap form and sent to England for circulation. Air. MIKAiMS suggested tbat in order to bring' these books properly before tbe peoplo of England, a cony should be sent to every resnectable news. paper throughout the United Kingdom. Mr, LALOR asked who was to succeed Mr. Micliie as Agent-tieneral for tbe next three years ? Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said that be was not yet in a position to give tbat information. He would probably do so before the Appropriation Bill was introduced. Tbe item was tben agreed to. Mr. STEWART drew atteution to the itom of £2386, the balance required for the Audit Office. He found that the cost of auditing £4,000,000 was something like £10,000, which was absurdly excessive. The item wns agreed to. Air. AIUNRO, on the balance of £3000 re quired for scab prevention, pointed out that the, total sma was £10,000, and thnt it was expended for the benefit of a few negligent individuals; It -was really time that that vote was done away w th, 'lue item was passed. Air. INGLIS, on the item of £1615, balance of sum required for the aborigines.'cSlled attention to the aboriginal station at Coranderrk, Be' understood that Atr. Green was about to take the management of that station again, and that pro ceeding ho held to he undesirable, as a marked improvement was observable in both the station .and the blacks under the management of his successor. The station wonld nevor bo properly managed until full pmver was placed in ono man. Tho blacks wero Allowed to correspond with gentlemen in town, without the gentleman in chargo h swing any knowledgo of tho fact, which was unfair to tho manager, Mr. KING said that tho blacks complained of the introduction of white labor npon the station, and of having no schoolmaster for two years, and very little religions instruction. Ar. GODFREY said that ho thought hon. members were led astray by rumor. The blacks last year were laid up with measles, and conld not- pick the hops ns usual, and white labor had therefore to bo introdncod. Aloreover, ns tbe .crops on tho station had considerably increased this year, and a numerical decrease in tbe blacks bad taken place, tbe board of management thought it desirable tbat a number of boys from one of tbe Alelbourne training schools should be sent to tbe station in order to secure safety to the crop. Tbo fact of the deputation of blacks being introiheced to Jho Chief Secretary bad produced the effect of causing the inspector, Air. Ogilvy, tn resign, as be felt that his nnthority was goise. Tbe board were at present endeavoring to find a schoolmaster "for the blacks, and a gentlemen laid been asked to take superintendence of tho whole place. Tho rci'oun- mendation that tlie blacks should be removed fi.on.' the station was mado by ham (Mr. Godfrey), angl other two members of the board. Tbey only suggested tbat tboy should be temporarily re moved to the neighborhood of tbe Murray during- the winter, and that for the purpose of improving their health. If the biticlcs found that there was loo much sympathy axpressed for them, tkgy would refuse to work at dill. . After a. few remarks hv Mr. Jousston-e and Air. W. C. Smith, tbe item- was pussed. Tlie item of £8950 for giants was passed with out any remarks. Progress was then reported. ADjVlUftVWXXT. At twenty minutos past eleven, tho House ad- jurncil until next day 'at the usual hour. 