GYMPIE. November 18. A COMMUNICATION was received in Gympie, from Maryborough, stating that a demonstration in favor of railway communication between the two places was about to be held in that town, and the letter requested us to send a delegate from here to take part in the proceedings ; also, advising us to call a public meeting, and other wise co- operate with them. Mr. Mellor, the delegate, was sent accordingly, and a public meeting advertised for Thursday evening. On Thursday evening the Varieties Theatre was tolerably well filled ; and Mr. Tozer, the chair man, after stating the purpose the meeting was convened for, introduced the speakers. They, with but one exception, were unanimous as to the desirableness of the measure being passed in the House. Each speaker gave his reasons why the railway was required, but an the same or similar arguments have been often before the public of late, I will not repeat them. Several reso lutions in favor of the measure were put to the meeting and carried unanimously. The speaker who spoke against the railway, did not, I am sorry to Bay, receive an impartial hearing. He was interrupted several times, and at last appealed to the chair. The chairman smoothed matters over, and the speaker was allowed to continue. He said theme in favor of the railway argued that it would cause the land to be settled upon by a class of men who would occupy and till the soU, and thus open up the country, but he maintained that such would not be the case, for the mode in which it was proposed to throw the land open along the line was in enor mous block*, and no provision had been made for the poorer classes. If the land was nut cut up into small blocks, there would be no produce for the railway to carry, for experience had shown that the smaller the area the better it was cultivated, and the more in proportion it yielded. It was not the large blocks of land that gave the produce, but the small ones. The lands had not been thrown open in a proper manner, but, as in the case of Widgee, in blocks too luge to suit small settlers, and would fall into the hands of capitalists. November 18. The redoubtable 7 and 8 south Monkland hu again advanced to the fore by yielding a splendid lot of specimens, estimated to contain 200 ounces of the precious metal, from the 420-feet level, being by far the deepest level that anything in the shape of payable stone has been seen in this district. The next crushing from this property should be a good one. The reef in No. 8 south Lady Mary, upon which the tributers are working, continues to yield excellent stone; a quantity of very rich specimens were obtained in the early part of the week. The reef is easily wrought, is a good width (4 feet), and another crushing will soon take place. Several good prospects have been washed from Bonnets old claim, Home* ward Bound. They have succeeded in getting on the same run of stone in the adjoining claim, known as the leased ground. The surprising return of 380 ounces from the 53 tons crushed from No. 1 north Rise and Shine, Kilkivan, has caused a reaction to set in favorable to that locality, and should the other chums along the line improve in a similar manner, and two or three more good crushings follow, the place will regain the confidence of our capitalist*, more money will be circulated, and the several other reefs known to exist in the vicinity will be thoroughly prospected. No doubt the place re ceived a severe check when the results of the trial crushings were made public ; more especially because Buch an inordinate amount of " blowing" had been indulged in. Crushings of fifteen, twenty, and even thirty ounces to the ton were talked of. Oympie shareholders, in some instances, were planning a visit to the old country, and were to take in and " do" the Cen tennial Exhibition en route; but, instead of twenty ounces per ton, the news came that the crusbings would barely cover expenses. So that which they had promised regarding the Cen tennial was suffered by themselves ; in fact, it was a regular " do." In addition to the crushings I wired you, the following have since taken place :—92 tons from No. 2 north California yielded 245 ozs. 15 dwto. of gold. This claim is engrossing a good deal of public attention lately, and is likely to be one of the future Oympie celebrities. 16 tons from 8 and 4 North Lady Mary, gave 9 ozs. of gold. 91 tons from the Caledonian United, yielded 18 ozs. 9 dwta. 12 grs. of gold. While stripping the reef in the Aureila good atone is oooasionelly seen where the quarts is aoddently broken by the shots. I was mis informed as to the height of the block to be stoped out. In a previous letter I said it was about 60 feet; I have Binoe been informed by the manager that it is more like 80 or 90 feet. Another of our large companies, after a long season of misfortune and non- payment of calls, has totally collapsed. It, like the " sick mata/* gradually and quietly went to decay. After several years of unsucessful labor, searching in vain for the "hidden treasure," but without the ghost of a chance, it quietly gave in, was wound up, and paid the last "pike" on Saturday morning last I allude to the South Smithfield Company (6 and 7 South Smithfield). The engine was sold by tender for £710; the purchasers were the West Monk* land Company. I was told of a circumstance in reference to the above defunct company that will be well to treasure up, and thought of upon some future occasion. At one place in the shaft a plumbago slate bed, about 3 feet thick, was met with, underneath which was another bed of block slate, about 30 feet thick. A drive to cut the reef was put in in the upper bed of slate. The drive had not been extended far before the greenstone was met with. Another drive was then started in an opposite direction, the end of which was traversed by a cross-course. A drive was put in for a short distance alongside the cross- course, and nothing of any consequence being discovered, all further search at that level was abandoned. If the above is true, and I have no reason to doubt it, my informant being one of the miners who worked in the ground, it is very easily explained how the reef remained undiscovered, for the reef may have been within a few feet at the other side of the cross-coune. Some of the late shareholders may reasonably enquire why I give the information now that the plant has been sold and the company wound up, and no likelihood of the ground being further tested. My answer is simply because I knew nothing about it before. The following are the particulars relating to the remains that were found in the Hibernian shaft, Two-mile :—Two miners went to the shaft to. draw some slabs when they saw the body floating in the water, and gave information to the police. The remains were got out and a magisterial enquiry held. Several witnesses were examined, amongst whom was Mr. Buss, of Maryborough. He said his father was missing since May last; had some reason to believe the body to be that of his father, but in consequence of decomposition was not certain. In may last the gentleman was seen in Oympie, then again at the Two- mile, but not since. It is supposed that, being a stranger to the place, he must have wandered in the dark, walked up the heap of mullock alongside the shaft, and fallen in. I have so often referred to the way abandoned shafts are allowed to remain unprotected, that I am fully persuaded that nothing short of a live Minister losing the number of his mess in one will force the Legislature to act in the matter. It was not before Governor Normanby was thrown from the buggy on Caledonian Hill and severely injured that the road in that locality was made fit for traffic, without danger to life. Last Monday Nos. 2 and 3 South Monkland Company sued a defaulting shareholder for unpaid colls. The case was heard by the warden. Several similar cases have at different times been heard and disposed of by him, without once questioning his jurisdiction in the matter; but upon the production of the company's articles of association the defendant's solicitor objected to the jurisdiction of the warden. The objection was that the warden could only hear suits that related to gold mining, and the com prny's articles of association ousted the warden's jurisdiction because the company was incorpo rated to mine for gold " and other minerals." Th« company's solicitor said the calls sued for were made for the purpose of gold mining^ and he was prepared to prove it He asked the warden to hear the evidence, and state a case for the District Court There was not a company on the field that was not incorporated in the same way. The warden said it did not appear dear to him that the Court had jurisdiction. He thought it had not He would not state his opinion formally, but would adjourn the case bo as to allow of consideration as to whether it would be better to have a special case stated, or to deliver his decision with a view to applying to the Supreme Court for a mandamus. Case adjourned tine die. 