ROMISH INTOLERANCE ; AND HOW THE PRIESTS CREEP INTO FAMILIES AND ' DESTROY PARENTAL RIGHTS AND INFLUENCE. ' The London Times gives the following corres- ' pondencc which shows what a priest will do, . and how he reasons : — r " We are asked by the father of a young man who has been lately received, at St. Leonard's- :: on-Sea, into the Church of Rome to publish the following edifying correspondence. The father, -who is a clergyman of the Church of England, states that he is willing to give his name to any one who may require it, but he desires us not to publish it in our columns ; and we, therefore, \ suppress that of his antagonist : — "Sept., 3,1875.-- Rev. Sir, — Although deeply wounded' and beyond measure indignant at ! your invasion of parental authority in the case of; my poor, delicate, and therefore weakheaded boy, I write more in a spirit of duty than anger ; to ask you. a few simple questions as a father " whose instruction his son now sets at defiance, and as owing duties towards other members of bis: family, whose love that once tenderly attached son now lightly esteems. I trust you will not refuse explicit answers to them. 1. . "When you re-baptized my son and admitted bim to your communion on the 2nd of August, after only two previous interviews, were you aware that in coming to you he was acting in direct opposition to his father's wishes? 2. After receiving my son, did you encourage him to deceive me, telling him that, if asked where be had been after visiting you and attending your chapel, he was to answer that he had been ' for a walk ? 3. Have y©u taught him opinions which he now proclaims — (a) that it' is his duty to turn a deaf ear to my teachings ; (b) that the voice of the priest or of the Church is superior to the inspired Word of God ; (c) that it is a sin to appeal to the authorized Protestant version of the Bible in order to establish the truth or falsity of any particular doctrine ? 4. In the face of proceedings which have brought such sorrow upon his family, have you taught my son, or do you approve of his holding, that deliberate disobedience to parents, attended with aggravated circumstances of secrecy, duplicity, and treachery, is justifiable, even meritorious .; a lie ceasing to be a lie if ordered by the . Church ? 5. As you have become the spiritual director of my son, perhaps you will .inform me whether it is your advice that he . should absent himself from the worship of the Church of England, and whether he must now, as a Roman Catholic, regard her teachings as dangerous and false. Such dogmas as I have mentioned are so repugnant to every sincere lover of truth and to every conscientious Christian, it is so difficult for an honest man to suppose another capable of holding such perver sions' of the simplest truths of morality, that it is only fair to give you an opportunity of justify ing or repudiating conduct which is utterly contrary to all that'is upright and holy. With regard to the working of the Romish Bystein, as exhibited in my son's case, it remains for the fathers and mothers of this free country to decide whether they will submit to the hearts of the children whom God has given them being thus alienated from them by priestly direction, and secretly admitted into a Church whose teaching' they believe to b.e contrary to the ? Word of God at an age when those children are not capable of forming opinions on the most im- portant of truths for themselves. I need hardly add that I shall consider myself at perfect liberty to publish my letter to you and your reply. With earnest prayer that the cruel injury which you have done me and mine may , not only be pardoned, but over-ruled fer ad vancing the truth as it is in Jesus, I remain, Rev. Sir, yours obediently, ." "St. Leonard's-on-Sea, Sept. 24, 1875.— Rev. ?iri — I. received a letter from you on. the sub- , , 3epb of your son. You there express your great aversion to my having been the instrument, in Gods hands, for his reconciliation with the Church of his fathers, the Church of the living God; One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic, the pillar and foundation of truth, outside of which no one can be saved. This, however, according ty your letter, seems to have given you very great umbrage indeed. It seems to vex you muih; and you are evidently embarrassed through it, in your position of life, as being a paid minister of an heretical sect. In whatever way, then, you might like to make your anger sensible to your son you would like to pour out the vials of wrath upon me, and that in two trays. . First, there is the menace of . the press — rXou consider yourself at perfect liberty to publish your letter as well as my reply.' This reminds me of the wife of a Protestant minister, a; near relation to a well-known Protestant Bishop, whom I received into the Church some ty11®, ."ty- When she informed her husband occmrence, this meek and Christian gentleman declared for some days that, if he could only find out this priest, he would shoot him without a. moment's delay. Another time a knife and a stone were brought up here for a precisely similar motive and purpose. And now, at last, I am to be annihilated when you shall hang me up on the gibbet of the Press. Pray, how ever, do your best or your worst in this way — I shall be able fight the Press as well as yourself. From all such I expect but 40 stripes save one. 2\. Your second way of venting your displeasure, is by. writing in an abusive manner about the Catholic Chureh, and the version of the tenets that yon choose shall belong to it. 'The dogmas of this Church, as taught by me, are so repug nant to every sincere lover of truth and of every conscientious Christian, ... it is difficult for an honest man to suppose another capable of holding such a perversion of the simplest truths of morality.' What are these dogmas that you thus fall foul of ? — that any one 'should absent himself from the worship of the Church of England, and regard her teaching as dan gerous and false.' When you wrote this you must have been fully aware that, not to men tion others, the Dissenters ' absent themselves from the worship of the Church of England, and regard her teaching as dangerous and false.' Pray, why, 'are not all such persons as good and conscientious Christians and sincere lovers of truth ' as yourself ? ' I think when you talk in this wild way you must have been studying the style of that ecclesiastical mountebank in his lucubrations on Wesleyan ministers. And, further, you proceed to vituperate the Catholic Church by fastening on it a code of morals of your own invention, and then inquire, with a benignant simplicity and force, 'whether 1 approve of duplicity and treachery being justifi able and even meritorious; a lie ceasing to be a lie if ordered by the Church.' Now, do you suppose that I or any one else will think for a moment that you are asking such a question with a desire for real information ? Oh, no ! for, having asked it, no doubt you will pause for a reply. For here is the grand theme for the Press. Just show what these Romish priests and Jesuits are like ; their knavery and underhanded system have only to be exposed, and even named, in order to be shown up in their true light. ' A lie ceasing to be a lie, if ordered by the Church, and becoming thus justifiable and even meritorious.' From reading Dr. Wordsworth, you have passed on to the late Charles Kingsley. Do you think that none of us have heard of this jaunty and sneaking calumniator, who once, in an unhappy moment for himself, ascribed such sentiments to Dr. Newman and his fellow Catholics? On that occasion he accused Dr. Newman of preaching doctrine that would make people ' become affected, artificial, sly, shifty, ready for conceal ments and equivocations.' Though this flippant slanderer afterwards got a Court pension, it was almost a pity that Dr. Newman bestowed so much pains on the ignominious kicking that he inflicted on him. No ; before you ask your impertinent question about the Catholic Church, you had better go round to the convict prisons of England and ascertain how many parsons are confined in them for forgery, theft, and other such crimes, and after that, after very little exertion, you will also discover how many Pro testant squires and gentlemen there are in England who, from their misgivings about your colleagues, never permit one under any pretext whatever, to pass the threshhold of their doors. So, also, of your next question, — ' whether the voice of the priest is supetior to the inspired Word of God.' I gather that you are not in reality asking a question, but that you. mean to assert, more or less, that this is also the doctrine of the Church. The phraseology, however, seems to be borrowed from the unctuous candour of Exeter-hall. Now, the penny cate chism which I enclose, will supply you with complete and definite information, so that you will find that you were totally wrong in suppos ing that ' the voice of the priest is superior to the inspired Word of God.' Further, when you inquire whether ' it is a sin to appeal to the authorized Protestant version of the Bible,' that all depends, as you must know, whether it is, firstly, a complete, and secondly, a reliable ver sion. Now if there be any vast suppression of the sacred books, and if besides a number of passages were designedly translated in a most glaringly false and corrupt manner for various base and iniquitous motives, then such a volume is not the sacred Scripture ; and it would be but an insult to the God of Truth, as being wholly a worthless counterfeit of His Holy Word. Whatever your own opinion respecting it, there are still a vast body of people in the world who decline looking upon James 1., the Star Chamber, and the corrupt Legislature of that period as being either infallible or as having the least moral or intellectual weight for guaranteeing any translation of the Word of God. And, therefore, if your Bible rest only on such support, it would be but telling a lie to the Holy Ghost to make the slightest appeal to it. However, under the hands of your Bible Revision Committee, whose members belong to all sects, the Dean of Westminster and Dr. Colenzo, the authority of your Protestant ver sion is just on the eve of a collapse ; while this coming one may have to await the confirmation of a Privy Council, and Parliament, presided over by such coming lights as Kenealy, Brad- laugh, and Odger. In general, I find that you are aggrieved J at the invasion of our parental authority,' which seems to awaken in you the expectation ' that the fathers and mothers in this free country' must decide whether they will submit to the hearts of their children, whom God has given them, being secretly admitted into a Church whose teaching they believe to be contrary to the Word of God at an age when those children are not capable of forming an opinion for themselves on the most important truths. To be sure, ' the fathers and mothers in this free country,' who for those last 20 years have been turning their children out of doors, locking them up in prison in their own homes, and disinheriting them, because, even as grown up men and women, they only exercised their liberty in becoming reconciled to the Catholic Church. And then in workhouses and all such institutions, the wholesale pitiless pirating away by force of thousands of our children, away from their parents, who execrate the sects into which their little ones are- plunged 'more even than hell. And, as if we. had alLforjgotten the grim crusade of Protestantism in Ireland these 30 years back, going with its counterfeit Bible in one hand and it lean soup in the other,aad, because that Catholic people in their liberty would not desert the Church of their heart, were left by tens of thousands to perish by famine. Better a' million times : over had they fallen in the hands' of Turks or canni bals, who sucked up their blood, than to' have perished under the stark dereliction of these last myrmidons of a Protestant apostolate. I have now to give you to understand in the most unmistakable manner that whatever the reputed communicativeness of the lady inmates of parsonages may be, I cannot enter into any' of the details of the interviews between your son and myself either for publication oi another purpose. - And it is altogether unheard of for a priest to divulge to any third party either the questions of those who consult him, or the advice he may think proper to give Jthem. Having said this 'much, I must assure you that had you written to me without the use of ex pressions such as I have been discussing, and without such adjectives as 'Romish,' I might: and should have met you in a like spirit. But the whole style of your letter reminds me of that phrase of Dr. Newman's, when he describes Protestants as supposing that they live aloft in a drawing-room, and there throwing down upon us Catholics any mud or other missive, as good enough, indeed, for us, whom ' they regard at best but as being down in the gutter. Who ever it may be who assails my religion, or what ever he may suppose himself to be, will find, when it is my turn to speak, that he had better be cautious, should he lavish upon it abuse and opprobrious terms. Finally, in the face of the one thousand ministers ana members of the two great Universities who have, in spite of the greatest earthly sacrifices left Pro testantism to enter that Church, against which the gates of hell shall not prevail; be not so positive. In sight of .all those ancient churches and parishes in your own country, all whose steeples and walls proclaim that they were built and founded by your Catholic forefathers, pause, lest on the day of judgment they who raised them should call God to condemn you, because, in sight of His eternal law, you are but a usurper in one of them. Pause, for obstinately resisting the Church of the living God, and refusing to enter it, the sword of God's eternal damnation is hanging over your head, and it requires but the moment of death for it to fall upon you and plunge you into that ' eternal ruin where there is no order, where there is gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies and where the fire is never extinguished. — T n.m. Rev. Sir, your obedient servant, — - — " 