THE YELLOW AGONY IE SAN , " FRANCISCO. ifrom hepworth DIXON'lS white conquest. A seventh part ' of the population— a seventieth part of the surface — of San Fran cisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer than Europeans. The term Asiatic quarter may suggest a separate portion of the city, .walled ott from tho remaining para use China Town in Moscow ; but the Asiatic quarter in San Francisco is an open colony, like May Fair in London, like the Second District in Now York. Tho Chinese havo squatted in the very heart of San Francisco, China Town is running over San Francisco, spreading to east and west, to north and south. The Asiatics havo seized a good part of Dupont- street and Kearny- street, awarmcd into Pine-street,' invaded Stockton and Pacifio streets, and got their feet in California-street. Some houses in these streets are owned by Mongols, When Asiatics get their feet insido a door tbey drive the Europeans out. A European can not stand the fume and stench, tho dirt and din. 'Thus, shop by shop, und street by street, they crawl along, a swarm of clean and unclean - things, so oddly mixed that white men shrink from them, in fear and wrath, as from a company of lepers. No white man likes to sleep under the same roof with a yellow man; no white woman likes to pass through Jackson-street. A rookery and a cesspool drive off decent folk. Let us drop into some of these houses, no fear of lepers in our hearts, and see these Asiatics in their homes. Pass in. Ob, Lee Si- Tut ! A sickening odor greets your nos trils op his steps. A reck comes out of .every door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing- stage. The dust of years encrusts his window panes. Compared with this Globe Hotel, under Lee Si Tut, a Turkish or a Spanish prison is a desert place. The banis ters drip ; the passages sweat. A blar1 fetid slime runs down tho walls. pfifi what press and multitude"' r.f® tnefi stairs and in the m- t oh tUb every door, ap-' £51 .„ each pal- . £ doM-4 ' ecry slage ; hi«. tt&raiohqly; vrrslca vomiting -» flAWwSc pinficfa m your filed, '""A name- ( lyoWor seefns to brood in ©very corner of Ih'd bttse, for out of every, qoruer glare the spectral eyes of beings, fevered by tan and stupefied with drugs Each room) arranged . for the accetodibdation of a Bingle gueafc, ia either parted into aix or seven sections by a Bering of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the waup, Shelves are preferred, eiuec no 2uQl caM,6 t? pay for privacy j fth'd h rooifa that will only sleep six or seven iu sections . k got; to sleep h dozfe'n oh shelves. From vault to httib eitth room is foul with smoke, and black With - fftd chokod with then. No less "than 1000 ghastly creatures find a lodging day aud night in this Chinese paradise J Koonis crowded and unwholesome 1 havo seen bofoVe— at a feast at JMusiedeln, a madahouso in Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, larraclc on the Nile but newborn feftVS I seen human creatures pnekefi «>'nd crushcd as these \- 0 the Globe Hotel aro .. and crushed. Lee Si Tut lots his -uao, he says, to 800 tenants ; which I MOuld givo him, iu a hottso of sixty rooms, including cellars hhd lofts, thirteen tenants, to .eavh chamber ; but the rascals cheat him, he alleges, out of half his rent, by subletting their shelves to men wUooecupy them only half tho day. Inquiry shows me that this story of subletting aud dividing the room is strictly true. Ki tYgok lets his shelf to Li IIo ; Ki Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours, and giviug it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. In some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy tho sholves each twonty-four hours — eight hours apiece. Yet those who lodge in this hotel live in a light aud roomy palace by the side of thoio who live in the labyrinth of courts and styes, yards and entries, lying round Bartlett- alley. Hero some of tho white settlers of San Francisco threw up thair hives. The ground is un- drained. The log shanties were run up hastily aud cheaply, and in theso fever- haunted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with filth, overrun with vermin, tho masses of Mongolians make a home. They creep' into vaults, thoy climb in eavej, they burrow in the earth. In holes uufit tor dogs, you may discover ten or twelve wasted creatures, sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium- dreamer's paradise. Worse still, if in the "lowest depth". the_re can be a "deeper still," is tho thieves' quarter ; a distriot running in and out of moro rcspeotablo quarters with a rare indifference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese Criminal has many curious ways, and your ramblo iu his purlieus should, be mudo at night. All " round Bartlett-alley lie the thieves' yards and cribs ; foul attics, falliug balconies, underground kennels ; with a few spikes of joss-wood burning at every door. Rags rot on the ground and garbage poisons the air. Shish squirts at you from under every plank, aud whore tho plauks fail you tho earth appears to ho nothing but . a running, sore. Rag shops and receiving-houses hide in old pits and hollows under the plank floor. In all these dam) and loathsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow ill tilth, their pale and ghastly faces rendered visible by the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pah! l-'ear links in every Mongol eye, and desperation glowers from every Mongol face. In passing from yard to yard you catch the slam of doors, the shot of holts, and feel by an instinct that each of tho ruffians standing behind these planks, alarmed by strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to lire. " Open the door !" cries your guide in a peremptory tone, stopping in front of a log cabin, " Open your door !" " You foolee me ? You foolee me?" " No, no. Open the door." The voice is recognised from within ; the doov is slowly opened, and you peep into tho crib ; a cupboard as to size, hut occu pied by five or six men and womop. Heaps of stolen goods arc on tho floor, but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib -we are repulsed. To the inquiry, "How? you foolen me !" we answorod as before, "No, no ;" but instead of seeing tho door open wo catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside. "Go; you not foolee mo !" cries a voice, accompanied by the click of a rifle. " Dip andslide," whispors our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. In Stout's-alley and in the yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity lodge the partuors of these thieves aud murderers, the female slaves. Lot us go out iuto the open street ! " You have now seen a little of our Chinese quarter," says niy companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tca-houso about two o'clock, and order a refreshing cup. " What you havo seen in San Francisco you may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San Joso and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot lie builds a China Town, and peoples it with harlots, criminals and slaves. We get some very cheap labor, and our financiers say tbey need cheap labor 'to develope the country.' What think you of the price wo have "to pay for our development ?" Whilajwo are sipping tea on. Lack Sin's balcony, aLyeJl comes up from the struct behrirrs A Chinese fight is on. Ah Kiiig, a Chinese scamp, is employed by tho city officers, and, iu the slang of his Asiatic countrymen, such a spy is called a ghost. Of luto this ghost has been too busy, his celestial countrymen think, even for a paid spy; and two Asiatics who have just coino out of gaol are setting on him, one moon-face with a hatchet, the second moon-face with a knife, l-'rom every door in the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and drop along the flags. "Excuse uie !" says my escort, and before I can reply he has gone from my side, King vanishes — like a ghost. Moon-face with the knifo escapes, just as my escort swoops iuto the murderous circle ; but the fellow with the hatohet is arrested on the spot and car ried off to the city ward. HiB weapon, when examined, proves to be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blood would be at once removed, and the stainless knifo re placed under the white frock, as clean and innocent in appeorauco as tho soft-eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neigh bor's heart. 