nojUBT Town, April 13. |UY KUH.T1UI' riiUiCKAl'll.] (From our own Correspoudout.) The sufferers, especially Ur Lord, feel tbe effects of ibo shock and their bruises more this evening than they did last uigtit. Mr Lord is confined to his bed ; ho ii cut about Ihe bead and bruised. TCSTIHOIHAL TO Ml! W. I!. WlSSnWOOK. —On Wednesday au address from the residents ol St. Leonards, Patterson's Plains, and While Hills, was presented to Mr W. II Wcstlirook, late ot the firm of Hell &. Wcslbrook, wbo bas removed from St. ljconards to Lauucottou. The address, which vra* beautifully Illuminated by Mr James Steer, was signed by the chairman and committee ou behalf of scveuly bis. »uu scribers. H expresses llic appreciation entertained by them of Mr Wcstbrook'a disinterested and untiring zeal and devotion fu promoting tiic establishment ot day and Sunday scliuols, establishing a Mecliauics' Institute at St. Leonards, and of his long and faithful scrvlcosas churchwarden, during a residence of over nineteen years. Hope was expressed lliat Mr tVeslbrook would souu be restored to health, und sympathy witli Mrs Westbrook, and an assurance of their high caiecnl for uotb. The address was accmnpauied by a purse of flfly sovereigns ong residence amongst them, Mr ^Vest* brook was affected by tills proof of kindly reeling towards him, and said he would for ward his written reply to the address to tlic chairman. This lias since been received, ad UriMSul to the Itev. J. A. fawns, Messrs K. l'cnncfaluer, P. 1. DeKumford, Thomas Smith C. li. F. Sliearn, and ottiers welling llie aldrcss. In this Mr Westbrook says :- ' My removal from Ibc place where 1 huvc resided for a|iciiudof nearly 20 years, and where the happiest portiou of my life has been spent, caused, as jou may well imagiue, a pong of regret, more especially ns It is thu nirUipllco at six ot my children, but It bas boon willed by an all-wiso Providence it should be su. I must therefore not repine, but bun- lo lilt will of Him wlio orderrtti.il! tbiugs for tbc beat, aud trust that in ills own liinu good may result out of what uow ap pears bard to bear.' Tbe reply dealt fully uuJ cluiiucntiy with tbc remarks In the ad Arruuiioi In IU 1). W. Cmnns. A|-r-liottlt-n »«s made t» His Honor, Mr Com missioner Whilcfoord.ycsterday in Chambers, In Uie bankruptcy of Benjamin Williamson Campion, liv Mr Alfred Uruen, on liebalf of the l.auiHTelon Equitable lluilding and Investment Society, for an order tliat Ibc Hegifitrar of the Court, as tr otficio trustee of tho property of B. \V. Campinu, should deliver up to the society certain deeds anJ document, representing for the most part mortgages lo tlie society, some of which were not fullr executed, some not attested, and nearly all of them not reglstcrca. The application, wliicu was in writing In the form prescribed bv tbe act, contained an undertaking by the treasurer lo tbc society lo abide by any present or future order of tlic Court, as lo payment of costs due by the society to theetUtic of tbc bankrupt, and was supported by affidavit* of Mr Patrick Boland, late managing clerk to Mr Campion, in relation to the several deeds embraced in the applidalion. After bearing the arguments of counsel, In support of the aj/nljcaiiou, His lionor declined lo accede to it, deeming it wuuld bo more filly reserved until a(ter Ihe election by tlic creditors of a trustee to represent Ibcir Interests, the meeting for Tflllcli purpose will take place within a week. Applications for deeds and papers, as might be supposed, have been numerous since ibc ndjudicalioU'fu this verj peculiar case. Tin: SeimnE op Tire Littriib ok thu Mtssaa SrevtMOK.— It will be seen by our cable message thai Messrs 1.. Stevenson aud Sous applied to the Supremo Court fur a mandamus to compel Ihe 1'ostaisBter-ticncral of Victoria to deliver their letters to them as addressed. Tbe letters ami-Ing lo tlieir address were seized by authority of tlic Executive, and handed over to tbc Customs authorities. The application was ot course refused, tlic Executive having full u»wcr uudcr a Uritisb statute to act as drspoticaJJ) as tliey cuoosc with regard to those letters ; but il wuuld bo well if some Influential friend of Air Janes McCuilooh would give dim the brirf advice Punch pave lo Lliuao about In marry—' Uon't.' And it would be still belter if he wuuld thankfully accept Ibat advice aud act on it. What is ir all Anorrr ?— Tlie Tribune regales Its readers with about three coluiuus of letters and evidence, culled from old Parliamentary papers, bearing upon a clairu once made by Captain Glluiorc for the eXpennc* of a voyage from and to KfigJajCd in 'connection with ibo submarine cable JiepotialioriK, winch claim was auandoiwa after enquiry bv a select committee o{ 4lic House of Assembly. No doubt tills sort of literature Is very entertaining, but what it Is all nhjut, and wliat connection It bas with erenls at tho present juncture, it uould puzzle a Philadolphta lawvor to wake out. NoV-l'AVMSKT OP MONIOIl'*!. HlTM.— His Worship tlie Mayor presided at the Town Hall yesterday, to dispose of another, large balcli of .sumroonsps servcd^etf-fiersons Sari neglecting lona.ynninTcTpal rates. All wbo 'uppeaTSi'wcre dealt with very considerately And Jcnlcllfly, but as several failed to put In an appearance, warrants of i'|itmliit will be Issued against ibelr foods. We would advise those burgesses who ojhy not bo In * position to pay the rates for which they arc liable Immediately, to call on the collector at the Town Hall, and explain tue reason why. They can then m«ko arrangements to pay by Instalments, and thus prevent tbc ex pense and annoyance of having summonses .served upon tbem. „ , r w QbkEfsLAfcD rSrEECouput Exiiiaftftis bl- lBJC—Wc have received from Sir 'jdhn Fen« ick, 6t Brlsblob, honorary -eioretary lo the National Agricultural and Industrial Association ofOueentUoA.aopiei'otsUiediile of prizes 'for competition1 '»t ttie fiVisbanc Intercolonial ExhiWUdn bt'ieju.'l This JiMnltl««lsto:bl!bpet»dUnoftrii«i Tues dsy,22od August next, anfl ?boibpien daily from lo«-nij ton p.m.5jn»Il;flatnrdsy, 26th Au|rdat.-; lntbeinonlkgriiiaUural dlvltlnn pdiea1 art dSenedito ep^Wf*'^ the fine arts, apparatus and application of liberal aru, furniture and other objects for the use of dwellings i cloUilbg.Hnclnding fabrics and jjUior object* of 'personal wear ; products, raw and mantttactured \ minerals, mining In \ dustry, forestry,' apparatus and processes used In tbe.Mranron .arts i food, fresb, pre served or in various etajc! of preservation ( areWtnlpHifes^orihvtntloni 4nd workman* mi i 'lpri*cs W-thooli -or noadlcwork, embroidery, *-«M ciJr^, moiaknlctltofaj trivuncos, ftc. t „)..,., .„,,,. ,,,i. The Fakie of Ooto.— Dr. Silvester botler known as Iho Fakir of Oolu, or; rival in Launcoiton bv the Derwent on Tuesday, proceeding Jat once to Hobart 'own, where be is to appear on Honday evening at tbc Theatre Boyal. Alter playing a season at Ho b»rt Toiro he returns to Launces ton, and opens at tho Theatre Royal here on Monday, 8th May. tlie Fakir's performance is in every respect extraordinary and unique, and it has been a great success throughout tbe colonies. The Melbourne Leader fays ;— ' It is sufficiently varied to pre lilic iuleresl which will Imply provoke ill nuiry that msy lead to advantages beyond iiero amusomcul. Tho Fakir himself is one of tiioso pleasant men it doca one good lo hear talk. Ho takes you into bis confidence as if you were part of his com pany, so that you can hardly help feeling interested in what ho does and says ' Among the chief novelties is tho magic fountain, ' with its rising and falling and cloud- spray, its feathery branching move ments, and its sudden grand risings, as if a lowerof lire had all at once leaped out of the earth towards the sky, you seem as if you were falling into a deligbtful day dreim, and begin to forget gross things of earth.' There is also a magic cascade ; a ghost illusion, 'in the shape of anepiside representing a miser gloating over bis gains, and seeing tbe ghosts of thoso whom liis avarico has killed.'- Then there is the suspended lady — a wonderful feat ; a pliantascopic exhibition, vcnlrilo auism bv the Fakir's son. and many olher wonderful performances. Wo feel certain the people of Launccston will bo highly pleased with the Fakir, and we do not think the Fakir will have any causeto regret coming to Launceslon. AoaicuLTUitAL Snow.— The autumn show of thi! Morrcn Agricultural Society will be held on Wednesday, 3rd May, In the Exhi bition Buildings, Kvandale. In the evening Messrs W. Tyaun, jun.,and G. E. Bayley arc announced to give a popular cutertalumcut, recitations, matfc, &C.; NOIIVHEIIS HoiiTIOUI-TDIlAL SOCIKTV.— At a committee meeting of tbe Northern Horticultural Society, held at the Brisbane Hotel on Wednesday evening, il was arranged that an honorary show should be held next October of flowers which cannot be exhibited at the spring show. Mr T. W. Thomas was unanimously elected president of Ibc society, and Mr AlfrcdGrcen, vice-president. CincKKT. — The great annual cricket match, North v. South, Is to commence at Hobart Town lo-morrow, and be continued on Monday. The LauncesUm team, wltb llie exceplion of Bailey, left for Ibc capital by Main Lino Railway yesurday. Messrs Arthur (2), T. Atkinson, W. Martin, I.. Harris, ltock. and II. Fallrlncr went by tlie 8 o'clock train ; aud Messrs T. Hogg, J. Marlin.and J. A. Ferguson by the evening train. Mr G. Bailey leaves this morning. Tbc Manager of tbe Launccston and Wes tern Hallway invites tenders op to noon on Thursday uexl, for the conveyance of mi between the Kvandale ltoad llailway Station and tlic Kvandale l'ost-oftlce, twice daily. Also conveyance ot Lymlnglon malls from Lvniiiiglmi to Kvaudalc Uoad ltailuay Station each cvculng, returning with the I.yminciou malls from Gvandalc Road each morning. Tenders arc also Invited far tlic service nf supplying a car In meet each train at the Kvandale Itoad Station for tbe convey ance of passengers to Bvandalc, and vice ctrsa. The fare lo be charged to each pas senger 11 Jt to exceed tliix-ciicnce. Full par ticulars may be obtained ou appllcaliou to Ur 11. \V. I/ird nt ihe railway station. Ci.cciT CouiiTsor ItKQDKsn.— His Honor Mr Conimik»ioner Whitefoord, presided at the Jirandalc Court of ltcquests on Tuesday, and at the Longfori Court ou Wednesday, but the cases set down for bearing were few Tknueus.— The Municipal Council Invite tenders up to Monday, tbc lUlhiostAnt, for iho supply of fiuo tons of good ironstone gravel, to he delivered in such parts of the town as the Surveyor may frutn lime to time direct Sampled of the grave] are to be left iu the yard of the Town Hall. Nkw- Hluuidks Mission. — On Sunday next the Rev. J. G.Palon, missionary, wiil conduct servjecsfn the Kvandale Presbyterian Church, at II a.m. and C. 311 p.m., and will address the children in tbc afternoon al 3 i) m. Mr Paton is expoctad to visit Hagley and Ucloraineoa the 23rd inst. ftKUvlue of So*u. — ---i Monday next & service of song will he held iu Ibe Wcslcyan Church, Wcsl Tamar, commencing at half past Ore o'clock. UoAnu of Education. — The Board of Education require teachers for tbe follntvio/r public schools :— Bagdad, Langlcy, Llsdillon, and Si, Mary's. Applications will be received by tbc chairman up to Monday, tbc 2(lb Inst. :Tiib ViTAi-rrr of the AosrjiiUAii Colokies.— Considering tho vicious char, acter of tbc legislation of the Australias, and how public interests arc sacridced to the selfish views of cliques of spurious patriots, U£ II ling 10 alum or retain place and pay at any cost to tbe c mnlry, it is rs Wining with what clastlclly these grand but 111 managed young colonies surmount wbat appear lo be Insuperable difficulties. Victora, helplessly manacled by Protection, which divides the colon? into two opposing factions, has been held back, and is being retarded still, (n tbc race of progress In the same way as Tasmania, and yet the Daily Telrgraph remarks :— 'Tberc is one gleam of sunshine in the politically. The revenue keeps up in a wonderful manner. 1'lic quarter's returns arc to be gazetted to morrow, and we understand that Ibo total sum is no less tban £1,115,000. These fl/ures arc without precedent, and if they can be maintained to tho 30th of June, the much-abused yrar will come out all right yet, with some little of a balance on the riuhtsldeoftne ledger.' If a oolony can make such headway whon all ber interests are being damaged by stonewall legislation, what would be her position If her legislators were nonorable men, studying how to secure ' the greatest good of the greater [uuiibcr r' N'or me Fact.— The South Australian Register lias the following :—' A recent telegram from Tasmania states that llie Government have refused 10 pay tbe guaranteed rate of interest on tbo cost of construction of theltaiti Linc.in consequence of, firstly, tbo failure of the company to comply trilh Ibe condiifons i and, secondly, llic generally unsatisfactory state of the transit service.' We need hardly say this i# noi tbc faot. A Villainous Act— While the CasUcmalnc fire brigade were doing their utmost to extinguish the destructive flrc which broke out at Mr Graco's drapery store ou tbc morning of Ibe Tth instant, a most startling act of scoundrellsm was perpetrated. The fllount Alezander Mail slates that 'so soon as the water was turned on some person deliberately cut tho hose, not aoross but lengthways. The flrcmon, under tfic Idea that It was «n aodoent, uncoupled It from Ibc hydrant, aud as quickly as possible attached the second length, and Uiis was served ihe Bame way. By that tinio the flrc bad got beyond control, and the efforts of the brigade wcro futile, although another length of new boss was obtained, and with, out delay fixed In position.' Furnishing a Government House.— The oast of furnishing Government House was brought under ibe notice of tbc Victorian £es--alivc Gmncil 011 Die (ith ioslunt, aays Jibe Arqus. by Mr Sargood, who moved for a «W™-VhoTrto^'to~l!»Wt5--»!e-ady ex pended and the amount ueccsaary loSmiklt. the works. Ho had heard that £S2,O0u bad already been spent, and Ibat a t nrtlicr sum -would b« required. Tbe Commissioner of Customs expressed bis willingness to fur nish the return aaked (or, and at the same time staled that great economy wm being exercised In carrying out the work. The furniture in use at tbe old Government Honac was being utilised as far as possible, -and - vrhoi the return asked tat was laid 'before tbo House, hon. memhtn would sec tbat'there bad notjboen any extravagant ex fnndlturc.. ., ... ? llbg Signals.— Professor Tymlail Is Slid by«n Jinkllsb journal lo have given a rirac -ttoal direction to Ills noostraotitc abilities In inventing a foghorn of noise uorrilils enough to warn mariners off dangerous rocks. The professor was a [pug time, engaged in per. feeling this iDstcumeat, which rnsy be aptly designated ' Tyqiall's Pet/' and at last, by he succeeded In perfecting, ,' a UiinjMctj :,tnfc blsA of nvnlcn is strong 'bftDtlgh -to bldw a man's bead away U lie BDttootaearlU'mtXrUl, -knliniewiSnd'Oi 'Which 4s -w»rrsnied'to-ibe beard through fog and against wind at ibc distanco of. il* miles 'over- tn« tea. The. trumpet contains within It a revolving cylinder, perforated with slilj, and Intended -to 'nuke '3«,«CIO revolutions : pot minute, 4nessfsllU-dlvlde ibe sound Into pnlsatl6ns,- ? thus adding to ft* power. ? ultls intended (tut a high note shall be blown by ships; aDdoa lowjnot«£rQ,ai|l«|igSrojl;Wcki la Uare ot Oil 'i. 11 »?--! .( ,-,in.,i ,-n,u ?, ,,,|'| The Itenlhcn (.'hin.ee on the Palmer Gold flclda. — A correspondent of tbo Brisbane Cuuricr writes as fullows : — ' Abnost slmul taueoutly with the telegraphs news from Townsville of tbe discovery of another rich gold -Held li; the Palmer District, the infor mation comes that 410 more Cninese have been landed at Cooktown, and that five more steamers were to fellow. News received just previously stated that no leas than 2000 Chinese were walling nt Hong Kong for shins lo take them U- Cooktown for the 1'alincr gold-flclds. Even now tbc Chinese element on these diggings (s in the propor tion of flrc to one Kuropcan, and it has been roughly estimated that three-fourths of tbe alluvial gold uot on the I'almer falls In their share. 1 nm no alarmist, but uo one cau be liliml to ll.c f«,l Out I liis Immense Influx of Chinese ii|ioii Ihe northern gold-fields Is a vury seriuuK matlur, and onu which mav possibly lend to serious complications before many months have passed. The Palmer mi« discovered, and prospected, and opened up, in tho face of difficulties, privations, loss, of life, and expense, probably greater than were ever before known In tho history of Ihe gold-fields, and in none of this had Ihe Chinese any share. They oerer go outsldo to prospect, but fol'ow close In the wake of Ibe Kuropean pioneer, and reap the lion's I Bbaro- ef tlie result of his discoveries. This 1 has been tbc case on tbo Palmer from first ' to last, where now 'John,' safe lo his numerical superiority and his firearms, it in the position, when he wills It, to dictate to the Kuropcan digger, and say, 'So far shall tbou come aud no further.' ' Free Selection fn Victoria.- A Victorian paper, the //oy Standard, reports ' that a double quartette of fine young men and fair spinsters, with a patriarchal leader, mid a visit to the local Crown Lands Office, and applied for permission to purchase, under Die nth clause, Crown lands of tho colony lo the tuno of 67GO acres. It la rumoredf that these young people have all ? made It up,1 and that the ladies very properly deter mined to avail themselves to tbe utmost extent of the liberal laud laws by taking up Mi) acres Immediately adjoining tneielec lions of their respective favorites.1 This they could not do If married and their bus bands living. Tlio land once secured, the ladicB may marry any day, and thus Ib solved the problem 'how to take up 12uu acres under llie 13th clause.1 ' Amusements at Dunedin.— A corrcspon. pcut al Dunedin writes, ondcr date the 3utb ult. :— The Slmonsens have been playing opera here for some time with very fair suc cess. 1 he trump card has been La Fille de* Madame Angot, which haj drawn full houses every evening They leave here for Chrlit church direclly, and Elma de Murska, who will get a good reception here, sacoecos them, Blondln lias been drawing audiences ot from SOuo to Cooo nightly, but lost considerably by the gales damaging bis canvas, and making performance Impossible. Tbe Darrclls arc playing with indifferent success at I uvcrcarglll. Tbey attempted high prices, but the people would not stand tbem . With in the past three months II is computed that, as much as £18,000 have left Dunediu in ihe pockets of tbc dramaUcand musics) people. Poisoning a Family.— A Chinaman named Ah Mann was sentenced to death at tbe late Bluings of the Wagga Wagga Circuit Court, by tho Chief Justice of New South Wales, the Ana tars, for admtofston'nu poison to Mrs Mary Bourke, with intent to kill her. The evidence, as reported by the local papers, shows that Ah Mann had been for nearly Iwo years employed as a Bhcp bcrd by Mr Bourke, of Spring Flat. Some six months after Mr Bourke's death his widow discharged the prisoner, as her sheep were sold . She then paid him all that was owing, but he was heard to threaten her ivilli law proceedings, and more than one witness swore that he said that the Bourke family were no good, and that he would poison them all by-and-bye. On Jauuary H, the day be was discharged, ha returned to the house and went up to a loft where he used to sleep. In a dipper up there some arsenic was kept, and used for fnnl-rntlini7. Ah Mann Irnaur (I 'mm ihaw as housed to attend to the diseased sheep. A few days afterwards several members of the family who partook of tome pancake* made by Mrs Bourke and her 'adopted dauehttr became very III, and had to call in medical advice. Some flour from the same bin bad been used two days before lo make some Rravy with, and It was then noticed to taste very bitter, though It was perfectly good the day previous. Somo plus, which were fed with Bonr tsSeJ from the same bin, died. The -tnflyOcil evidence showed that arsenic hadtbeeu freely mixed with the. floor. The .prisoner had previously threatened to tomahafrfc (he whole family, but when asked why he did not do so, replied that he had changed his miud, as they were too many to tomahawk, but he would poison them all. The German Man-of-War. — B.I.U.S Louise has been moored closer fu to Sand ridge, and visitors are now admitted on board. There Is no restriction as to visiting days, the Argus says, but the public are requested not to go on board on Saturday till the afternoon. A meeting o( gentlemen desirous of ratting up a ball In honor of the officers of H.I.M.S. Louise vat held at tbo Criterion Hotel on Tburssty, cth Inst. Mr Grokcr occupied the chair, ud there was a fair attendance. Mr J. S, Butteraexplained tlie -tcps that had been already taken in re ference to the matter, lie said tliat Ills Ex cellency the Governor had lotlmaled bU willingness lo subscribe, ana give his patronage ; and Sir James' M'Culloch had also promised the patronage of tbs Ministry. A similar promise had also been received from the Mayor, on behsKof him. self and Uie City Council. On the motion of Mr Gemmdl, the gentlemen present were formed into a committee to carry out tbe object in view. It was decided that tbe ball should be bold In tbe Town Hall on Thursday 1 and the price of ticket* was fixed at a guinea and half a guinea. Sub-committees were appointed to make all necessary arrange ments. Horrid Cruelty to Aborigines. -'Two cases of brutal cruelty on the part of police officers stationed in the Northern Districti, Queensland, lo charge of the native polirt force, have recently occurred. In ooe instance,' states the Brisbane Courier, ' s sub-inspector, for some offence, ordered a gin to be tied up and flogged by one of hii I/lack Uoopers. TJleordur m carried out, and the, woman flogged, put whits officer, we believe, looking ou, Anotier whits man, from an adjacent jmblic-houjc, ,vrltnc8iinr this bniUllty, had the manhood to protest In terms sumcientlystronir to result in his bein. ? bamaicrca' by the officer with Uie help oft blaolf iraopcr.Sucb is the story asltroschd us. Wo believe it U in effsct tmo, and il certainly is a (act that tbe dtBoer bas since been dismissed the scrrJoo. hx ja8 ^ami Case, as reported to us, ayoung blackfclloir, suspected of Intriguing with the women of a police camp, was, by the orders of the officer In charge, arrested, manacled wit! handcuffs, bands and feet, aud Bogged first by the officer, ud dfterwanh by two of Ibe troopers. It la stated that a ridlng-whlp and a leather saddlc-frlrth were Ibe weapons employed,. The boy died two dan after. wards. The Attorney-General is in postc*. alon of the evldrmoo taken before ? local' magistrate after the death of the black boy.' Gas Explosion.— Au explosion of f« occurred. at the Wool pack Hotel, on the night of Tiinrsday, fitii instant (tars tba Age), when Mr Ilanuaway, ihe landlord of the house, and hit wife received vary aaren Injuries. It seems that Mrs Runaway took I a lighted candle witWher Into an inner room I to ascertain where the gas. was escapin;. I Mr Einnswty also went Tntothe room, I which they had scarcely entered when then I wasj lourjjfacnlotton. Mr and Mrs Htnuswar I were both Tnoctajil down, the 'cblmncypieM I wii cleared of ornaments, tbe door, of ibe I room carried away Into Ho passage, lbs I window and bliodl blown out, and other I damage fflcded Mrs Hjusuatrajr tras very I severely burnt about, the bead, *nd now lies I in a precarioas state. Us iBsiUuwsy'i fu juries were confined to bnmp,about the bands and slight injuries to the face. Tbe room in which the explosion occurred is Istb and plastered throughout, or damage by Ore rmi^i iJrtbtWj-, Jure,, teen amongst tht rwiUl of Oie mploslon; , Tbo hotel h» only, bocn recntly built, and ,»t U believed ^.Tra^sjealpujo In Uie gataller.-,. , ii'Tueatrtash^Writma mbOttt 'theatrical roUtersoor -J-g*-) Sun Francisco enrre. pondcntMiUKiOn'thesth March, Bsrrr Sullivan will open the ?ple-ndld new tneau-c recently erected bj-' Messrs Baldwin sod ?Msdomf'^'nJotV. Dxuint±f,''Glro«£ Gtrofta,' 'tea Bayard.,] and last evenfat I Arthur Sullivan's operetta, 'Trial by Jury,' I ?mUprcduokd^'This c«nj*nyrpr»c-*d 10 I menWaboatttrt'lbtJalvnext.- MlssJeno; I ?OUutAvialiiiist jrelUsiinirn In Atutr»!l-. I it tfeBiUtettinirdval ln-,tlreiinusln«l worli I ^lnP«»«vrWnWWv*,'lll .. I 