Theatre Royal. r HAMLET. Just seven years have elapsed since Mr Henry Talbot first made the acquaintance of tbo Melbourne publio in the great toaster- piece of the grci'tch! name m all Wemturo. Jhe perforninrei toon place on > evening, 7th Ma.v. I860. .Since then, Mr Talbot haB had much experience m . Enff- land, but the yeni . that bring the philofioijhns Blind have not been armed at. T.n revival "f the tragedy at tl.c Theatre Batiiidny night, was conspicuous for the repetition of many of the defects that Characterised the emlier rtpreiUat on to Which we have Tcferrcd. . N " .qi nVn rt highest perfection of art in co'icealinga more requited than in thc cnac ment of ho part of Hamlet. As a prince. a c olar a meditative student 011 life ond death, posses. Thoconr'icr'r, soldio-'e, scholar's. oyo, tongue, sword : rri,' exreetarcj and r. socf the fair state, Iho glare of -avhion and tho moult. ci form. The character, therefore, affords amnio room and verge enough for that infinite vancty Of tone, and gesture, and by-lday. w.uch Mr Talbot fails to impart. to- it. The gentle, dreamy melancholy of the moody thinker, the delicacy, tlic earnestness of pussion, and tho princely ymithfui grrcc. with which the e rcat Warwickshire, playwright lias "j0 £,, greatest creation, wo looked for in vain ftcawc "SerlTto f the footlights, ns well u» ait heforo uoliicd them, ". I ' — AtP the curtain riBes, a distant clock toits the midnight hour Iho scene is a plat-, form before the castle, and a aobtary sent - nel is scon pacing to and fro The night is clear and star-light. It is bitter cold. Not a mouse stirs. All is Btill and quot as the grave. Everything reminds ns of Homes well-known lines in Douglas la such a p'ace aa tbi-, at .neb an hour,- If arcrstry msy tern arghtbeliov fd , Do«rending spirits bavo conviried with man, And told tho secrets of the wor d un> norm. Everything is in perfect keeping with that supernatural visitation which, in the dead waste and »,adJ the night, is destined to stnke our disposition with thoughts be yond the reaches of our Bouls. In the high and palmy days of the drams, when well practised actors wero fon"d l11"®- trating the subordinate characters of S ake- snenre's plays with all tne caro and thought- Sss wPith which the « star" of the present day tries- to give foim and pressure to tlie principal! character, the great opening scones of Hamlet were something worth witnessing. Horatio figureB largely in Jbeso Pcnl8 scenes. He studied with Hamlet at the same university. The incarnation of friend ship, he is the antithesis oflnaoldfchool fellow. Hamlet dreams ; Horatio acts, The mind of the one is prepared to bBlieve in b appearance of the majesty of buried Don mark ; the other, in reply to the ghostly story of one of the watchers on the plat form says, "Tosh, tush I 'twill not appear. He, however consents to listen to Bernar solemn nnd striking narrative Las' night of all, When yord' same itar, that s westward frem Had6 made his ctuiso illume that part ol Whern now it bums, Marcollus and mjself, Thobolltben beating one , i . a vividness, and a surprise, equal to that of ila original appearance. Scepticism is dethroned , nnd, trembling aqd looking pale, Horatio is harrowed with fear and wonder. To a fiist-elass actor is now- ad an opportunity of creating an effect ofwhichMr Gladstone does not seem to have tbo faintest comprehension. Again, in the eccno whero Horatio teconnts to Hamlet all the minute cirenmstnnees attendant upon the "hmna- tural visitation, down to the moment when the spirit shrinks in haste away, and vaniohca from his sight, there is r oom « «" d«Pj£ of histrionio art of the highest order, The tale which ho lins to tell has appalled him. An air of mystery, thereforc should msrk his gestures. His voice should be ha lted and low. l A tremulous whisper, as if afraid to hear the sound of his own voice, should mark what he has to unfold. This should culminate with the words, "ana vanish from our sight." The man who witnesses a murder; who escapes tho horrors of an earthquake ; or who sees sights that make the eyes the fools o' the other senses, in relating his experience, gives form ana color, arid imparts light and shades to his speech. But the Horatios of the «0(ler" stage forget all these things, and, instead of making the cbnracter stand out with signifi- cnnce, contrive somehow or other, to make the part the most subordinate one in the ,)1 a v. Unless Horatio acts up to Ham let. Hamlet, in this great, scetie, j is destined to bo seen at great; disnavantfiKC. Hamlet's mind is prepared for the "PP8" ance of his father's spirit. . In that most magnificent of all dramatic when looking into blank space, with the eyes , open and tlicsenEc shut, the former suddenly , CX 'jv father, methinks I see my father— ond Horatio- immediately asks the question : l i h ! wl'io ny lotd 1 the rending of both actors was pa nfully , prosaic and unimaginative. W ''.could go out uuiu miu "fipttbt; jnis kihu. it. Bnfflce! it to say that apparition scenes of this collossal drama, which, as have already said, sound the key note of play, were 'enacted in a . manner which - not be defended. The star system has dope much to kill Shakspearo, and until a achoo of acting is inaugurated for . teaching . sons and daughters of the 6 and buskin how to elevate 'and mdi vidnnliso the snbordinate characters or KhnkenneaTo. stricturea'of the kind now mano will bo necessnry. The only time that mr Talbot struck the house was in tho olosei scenel in tho third act. After slaying Polo- nins behind the scenes, Queen Gertrude ex-, claims: — . . . , . . O what a Taih autl bloody liesd is liisl , Hamlet' immediately replies — A bloody deed; almost aa bad.good mother, Ab kill s king nnd many with his brother. This traditionary, and most legitimate, point was made much after the fashion of the late Charles Kean, and brought down applause from all parts of the theatre. One of the chief features of tho evening was the appearance of MisB Carey in tho part of Ophelia, i The effects nf her recent illness were very! perceptible, but instead of dimin ishing, they; added, in a certain degree, to one of her greatest successes. Tho innocence, simplicity, tenderness, quietness, muucbby, Gentleness, patience, aclMorgctfulness, and depth of affection, which characterises Ophelia's undoubted love for Ham- let, were nicely blended with bthe obedience, which, as a daughter she felt was due to her father. An air of pensive sadness sat upon her brow; the tones of her voice were sweet and low ; the associations connected with her presenta- i (ion of the flowers, wild and fantastic though | they were, were yet full of that postry and feeling with which tho mighty master has I invested tho character. Her performance was I worthy the applause with which it was re ceived. The deep, rich , and sonorous nqtegtncr .nior ns the ghost of Bam did ample juBtice to tho sopulohrnl demands .. of the occasion. Mr Harwood, as Polonoius . in giving advice to bis son in that matnred knowledge | of men and . things, in which every thought and word is as bnid and coid, and bright and keen as a Toledo blade in tho hand of a master. was heard to colloquial advantage. Mr Appleton, ns Claudius, created a favorable im pression. The elocutionary power which he throws into the repentant solilequy upon his brother's murder was given witn tasrc ami iudgement. Mrs Edouin Bryerdtd her best for a character which will never sit queemy upon her. As the first grave digger Mr Greville wns ns usual very diverting. The vis comics of this genuine son of Momus la contagions. Ho not only laughs himself, but is tho cause of llaughter in others. The Laertes of Mr Bolton was a great mistake. The part was not well dressed. Laertes had mixed with tho best men in France, and his dress wns always as costly as his purse could-buy. . The trnpedy was splendidly mounted, and the scenery reflected the highest credit on Mr Hennings, and hiB talented assistants. Hamlet will be repeated to-night. Wolpowat'b Film ahd OiHlMENT.-The moBt effectual (Jure for Gout and nlieuniatism.— A frequent cause of tho.e complaints is |the in- flamma'orv r.tato of the Wood , attendsil with bad digestion, lassitude, and groat debility, showluc tho want of a proper circulation of the flaid, and that impurity of the blood greatly aggravates there disorders. Holioway's Pills nro of so purt- fyiog a nature that a fnw doses taken in timoare an effoctu .1 proventivo against gout and rheu matism, but anyone that has an attack of m.hor should us- Holioway's Ointmoot alro, thepower- ful properties of which, combined Willi tho offeets of tho Pills, ensure a certain cure, Tho I'm-.- mont should ho thoi. ughly rubbed into tho parts affcctid at least twicu a day, aftor Ib-j have h-en sufficiently iomen-ed with warm a water to »mdktefarniSrrffimJii;tA inl" 