?BESSY GOMWAY f OE, ' THE IRISH GIRL 1ST AMERICA. By MES. J. SADLIER. fl^'OH&PfEB; XXL— (Continued.). Seeing this, the visitors were taken quite aback, but some were unwilling ' to give it up so,' and thought a change of tactics nr'ght perhapa effect their object. ' But that's true. Bessy ! weren't you and faster Henry out to America together V r 'We 'were in the same ship,' Bessy an* swered without raising her eyes. -? ' '* An' of coor.se you know all about him after he got there.' '?''Of. course I do not,' said Bessy with a very quiet smile ; 'surely you don t suppose I was watching him all the time ? Toramy ' ~to her eldest brother—' I thought you Tuyere going over to the dye'rs to-night with that wool.' f To ; be sure Tommy was going, and Owen with Tommy, and their going was the signal for a general move. Before the visitors retired, however, one of them, an ancient dame who was the mother of a large family df grown-up daughters, took occasion to ask Bessy .would she advise any of her girls to go out to America. 'There's Jenny and Peggy,' said she, ' an' they havo a great notion of startin' next spring.' ' 'Well ! I'm not over fond of giving ad . vice,' said Bessy, ' but as you asked my opinion I'll give it, and then you can't blame me one way or the other. America is a bad place for young girls to go to, unless they nave their father, or brothers, of somebody to look after them.' ?' 'Humph! who had you to look after you?' '' Not one but myself and God's good Pro vidence.' ?'Well! an' wouldn't our girls have the 'Same?';iJ3ked the dame sharply. ' I'm not speaking of them, at all,' said Bessy, 'but. I tell you, Mrs. O'Hare, there's 'many a girl that had as good a mother as fejFen you were-— and I'm not saying but . fyqu'.&. good enough— that leaves home a JBimplel country girl with the fear of God in jaer heart, and; the blush of modesty on her tcheek, ;thafe turns out very bad and very ?indifferent its America, If they keep in the . afabe ot ' grace', :aad go regularly to their duty Mfcffey'ifa all right, and sure, thanks be to God ! -ihece'^' thousands, of them that do, and sign ;piir.!thf6m and their friends at home — but '?'' ^Be^ef's.'jtist;as many— -perhaps more— that '|fiUsi':iri'./.AWitu;,.3Prote8tant8..and Jews, and ? ybp$¥0%ingbk&\, way, and in the course of a 'fiittlesfiime ffopget. themselves altogether— at {least they forget they have a soul to be saved . I6rarG6atto judge them. Dress and finery,; . %B&ijaIls; and dances is all the God they have ?then^and^you may guess it's not a good end' ^he^mak'e 'of ifc; either for body or soul.' V' a W^ell; noy^, that's curious,' put in another; . nejgbfbor, ,...an',: ..we hearin' such a different; account of it from every one else. Why, sj;here!sr, cfemmy ?. M'Bride's daughter from beyanfc the river that got a great match in New Tork or Philadelpby pr some of them \- places — they say she doesn't know the end of h©p own x?iches.' Beany ^laughed in her own quiet way. 'Obd help your wit. Mrs. Shanaghan S ifs ^little you tr now nere about those great matches. Now I happen to know some thing about Ann M'Bride, for though I never saw her in America, I know them that did, and lived *?ith her, too ; she is married fco a man m Ifsw York that's pretty well off ?—I think he's in the grocery business — she Jives in a fine house and has very nice furni .WEfryortui?e;' and all that, arid dresses in the highest of fashion^ her hus '. _band is a Protestant — a sort of a one —and poor Ana is — nothing at all. Him aelf goes to church of an odd time, but Ann .never troubles church or chapesl. I was told ^biy-a girl that lived with her that when she caught her one night teaching her children ^heir prayers— -Catholic prayers, of course she was very 'raigry, and told her not to be 'bothering, their brains with them old prayers, they'd have time enough to learn them.'' \r{ Various exclamations of horror and indig. * nation testified the feelings of the listeners. Some of them, however, were a little scep tical on the subject. \ .??'.'** Why, then, Bessy! it's hard to think that girls brought up Catholics could ever f- cpnie to! that 1' ' «'??'??'?' ?fWell{ hard or easy, I tell you it's true,' said Bessy, ''Th'e're's thousands of Jrish girls in Mew York (of: course that's the city '' X know best) that are as good Catholics as , any of their people at home, but there's just j ' as many the otAier way. What would you : think of a.n Irish girl hhat would toll yon ? §ho was Geven years in America, and ii^d never been to Communion in all that time-'- maybe once or twice to confession V ''Lord save us, Bessy !' her mother ek claimed, 'you're enough to frighten one !' ' I knov? that, mother, but I'm only telling the truth, and God knows ! my heart bleeds to tell it. I knew girls inyaelf that were just as I say, some of them that would laugh at you if you spoke to them of saying their prayers morning or night, and would never think of crossing a church door if someboiy didn't make them go. That all come3, as I told you, of their going out alone to America, without any one to advise or direct them, and then falliug into bad places at the very first. Take my advice, Mrs. O'Hare, and keep your girls at home— if you can live here, so can they, and you'll find it better in the long run.' ' Well I believe you're about right, Bessy !' replied Mrs. O'Hare ; ' it's best keep them under my own eyes. Goodnight, and God be with you all.1' The visitors then retired, wondering much at what they had heard. CHAPTER XXII. . Tbe green^fields of Eriu were covered, their spring carpet dotted over with white daises and yellow buttercups, the pale primrose — flower of sweetest memories ! was peeping forth on every sunny bank ; the modest violet gave its faint perfume to the air, and the the graceful blue- bell waved its fairy petalo in the gentle breeze ; the earth was balmy with the breath of opening flowers and the trees were donning their summer foliage through the sunny showers of April. Denis Conway and his 3ons were hard at work all day — and every d*-y of the sis alloted for labour— putting in their crops, wheat, oats, and early potatoes. The house hold was astir from morn till dewy eve, each one employed in his own sphere of use fulness. Nancy and Ellen were assisting out-of doors whilst Bessy and her mother attended to the busineos of the house and the dairy. One evening when the boys came in from work they mentioned as something very strange that there was smoke rising from one of the chimneys or the Lodge. ' Maybe there's some cave-takers put in,' said Bessy, ' to keep the place from going to ruin.' ' Why, to be sure,'' said her father, ' now I come to think of it ; I heard the other day day that old Darby Bokn and his wife was back again in the big house.' ' My goodness ! it's a wonder they'd go back,'' said Mrs Conway, ' after them leavin' it in a fright like all the rest of the servants. But I suppose they're getting a great ransom for doin' it, an' sure if anybody could or would live in the house it ought feo be them on account of the long time they were in it.' \- ''Well! long or short,'' said Tommy, if I was in. their place I'd hayo nothing to do with the house or them that's stationed in it— if I gob my life out of it once, you wouldn't catch me inside the walls again.'' *' That's my notion, too, said Owen; I'm I sure people thai; seen so much of the Herberts while (hey were livin' ought to know better thau go nest or nigh them when they're dead.'1 ' Let the dead lie !'' said their father solemnly, and there the matter ended. It made little impression on Bessy's mind, for the rumours afloat concerning the Lodge were simply amusing to her, and she savr nothing strange in the old couple going back take charge of a house where they had spent so many years of their liues, ' Ellen and she had to go that evening to a woman in the village who ^?as spinning some wool for their mother, and on their return they had to pass quite near the gate of Ivy Lodge. Tbe moon was just rising over the old manor, and its antique chimneys and sharp angles were clearly traced on the deep blue sky beyond. The rooks were cawing in the old woods, and the screech-owl's voice was heard at intervals making up a discor dant concert, softened at times by the distant bark of some trusty watch-dog breaking faintly, yet cheerily, on the ear. The trees that shaded the avenue were filled with the softest musicas the gentle night breeze stirred their dewy leaves, and the moonbeams trembled amid their branh,ces and fell on the road and the gi'oen bank at either side, in a net-work of silvery lu.stre. It wasone of those nights when the heart whispers ? ' None bat the loviDg, and the loy'd Should be awake nfc this sweet; hour,' and the sisters were not without feeling the charm that hung around the lonely spot. ' Well P isn't it curious, Bessy P1' whispered Ellen as they approached the gate; 'I'm not a bit afeard— are you 1' ' No, indeed,' said Bessy in her usual tone of voice ; 'so far from being afraid. I could find in my heart to sit all night under one of thorn old trees with the wind rustling in the branches, and the moonlight dancing on that stream. One could fancy the fairies whisk ing about on the soft groen grass.' ' Bessy Conway ! it's all your own ! said a voice froia within fcha grounds— a 'strange sepulchral voice ii cssmed,* too-— vyhevja it came froa fcfeo gfe&j; $&&$&,$&& &\- cs% fes1 with au exclamation of terror they ran off, as fast as their limbs could carry them. Ou reaching their homo it wa.-3 sorno time before either of tho sisters could tell what happened. Seeing them rush in pale as death and gasping for breath, the others were almost as frightened as themselves, and more questions were asked than they could have possibly answered. 'In the name of God, girls! what did you see ' asked their father after standing some naoments silent, waiting for them to speak. ' Nothing at all, father !' paid Bessy, still panting, ' we saw nothing — we only heard.' ' Lord bless us! and what did you hear ?' cried the mother eagerly. The girls looked at each other. They hesitated to tell, having each a misgiving thai; it was a warning of some kind. But the more unwilling they seemed to speak, the more anxious the others were to hear. At last Ellen told what they had heard. Her mother clapped her hands and cried out ' God save, my child !' The father said nothing, but shook his head, .Thilst tbe young people tried to put it off with a laugh, seeing hovy frightened the others were. ' I hope that'll be a warnin' to you, girls !' said Owen with a forced laugh ; ' if it keeps you iu after dark, it'll do you a good turn.' 'I'm thin !unf ifc was someone playin'a trick on you, Bessy !' said the elder brother. ' Well ! whatever it was,' said B^ssy in a subdued tone, ' I'd rather hear no more about it.' There was something in her look and in her voice that silenced them all, and the subject waa dropped for that time. Not many days after, an unexpected visitor made his appearance, no less a person than Billy Potts. He had heard of the fright the girls had got up at the Lodge, and of course, like all othtr wonderful stories, it had gained considerably in passing from mouth to mouth, so much so, indeed, that the original narrators would not have recog nised their own simple adventure in the well-garnished tale which the public had made up piece by piece. Anything relating to the dead, oven by implication, was sure to command Billy's attention, and ho had the faculty of seeming out ghostly appearances as a pointer does his game. So Billy pricked up his ears when he heard of the Conway girls' adventure, and at his first leisure hour off he started to their cottage to investigate the matter for hiimelf . 'Humph!' said he when he had heard all, ' that wasn't much to make such a rout about. To hear people talk, one would think you had seen something beyond tha common Could I speak a word with you, Bessy? Don't be afraid, ma'am !' he said nodding at Mrs. Conway with a gobiin smile ; ' if your daughter never discoorsed with younger or handsomer than Billy Potts she wouldn't be haunted now as she is !' So the two walked on down the lane together, and by the time they reached the end ot it, they had grown quite confidential, and when they parted at the road, it was with an understanding that they were to meet again in the same place coming on the evenirg. Her mother and sistors were very much puzzled to know what was going on between Bessy and Humpy Billy. ' If he hadn't a wife and children now,' said Nancy with a merry laugh, Cl we'd be suspectin' something, but a,s it is I don't know what to make of it. Tell the truth, now, isn't it something about the ghosts P — sure everyone kuo\V3 that Billy's a kind of a ghost hitnaelf.' Bossy put it off with a laugh, but the colour rose to her cheeks when she found her mother's eye fixed on her with a keen and searching look. Neither spoke, however, and the girls hurried away to resume the work which Billy's eutrance had inter rnoted. When the cows were milked that evening, and the milk strained up, Bessy tied a hand kerchief over her head, and, throwing a light shawl round her shoulders, strolled down the boreen little affected by the raillery of her sisters and brothers— the latter having been put in possession of the joke as soon as they entered the house. 'If I was you Bessy,' said Owen, 'I'd have nothing to say to Billy Potts— sure the whole pariah knows what he is.' 'Will you not be botherin' me now Owen?'sho replied with a good humjured* smile ? ' do you think Billy has dealing with the fairies that he'd make sale of me to them i ' Never fear but I'm wide awake— I have travelled too far to be asleep on my feet. The on'y thing I ask of you all is that you'll not be watohing to see where I go to.' She was gone before anyone could speak again. She knew her wish was law to the \vhole family, and that no one in the house would follow her to the door after what she had said. Afc the cross roads bolow she found Billy in punctual attendance, and on the two walked side by side, taking the way to St. P inian's Church. ' It's curiouo,' said she ' what a notion I have got in my head about seeing the old church ever since Paul told that tory. Long as I lived about Ardfinnan before I nevor cared/ to go next or near ? m ' Well ! I wish you had been with pau and me the night we were in it,' said 'B[\u ' and I think you'd have no great wish to se! it again. Now, all them vagabonds are go^ to their account except Master Henr Herbert — an' he may be dead, too, for all ' know — I declare to you, Bossy ! I'd be i little daunted myself to go in now after dual — they were the devil's own bays, them, i tell you that !— an' Herbert was the worst o them all. I wonder if that fellow will die ii his bed P' ' Hush, Billy !' said Bessy in a tromulou whisper, ' don't disturb the|dead speaking g, loud P They had now reached the Abbey and stood together in the shade of a ruine, buttress in the south wall. ''I couldn't bea to hear a loud word spoken now,1' T?ent o; Bessy in the same tone. ' Silence reigne- here when the holy monks were alive ; surel there should be no noise or disturbance nov when they're in their quiet graves. Bu where are them bones Paul was speakim of?' t ... ' Inside there,' pointing with his fingei in the place whore tho altar used to be. ] yo u want to see them you'd best come [ before it gets any later, or raajbo yoi wouldn't bo thankful to yourself for goin1 » at all.' ' Well ? to tell you tho truth,' whispei'ct Bessy again, ' I wouldn't be here now though it's not but I want to see the place only that Father E-yan told me to be rmr and come one of these clays. He says it's ! profitable thing to visit such places now am then.' 'Come, then, step in— while it's light! Hi ho p I see you're not such a soldier as I tool you for !' He had caught a certain motio: of Bessy's hand ?which he knew was tho sigi of the cross. Bessy smiled faintly and the] entered tlie building. The place was not dark, for the cvenim sun was shining in through, many a rent ii the uioulnering walk, gilding the old grai stones and the mural tablets recording name' long since forgotten, and flmging 'irrogu'a strips of light and beauty over the long danl grass and the broken columns and ohatterei naemais of arch and corbel. 'Blessed Mother, who is that ?' osclaimci Bessy in a voice of terror, catching hold c Billy's arm. ' Look there ! look there !' Following the direction of her eyes, Bill] observed the figure 'of a man kneeling ii front of a ghastly pile which his hands Iiac reared. Ifc was a thin, attenuated form boira with weakness or with roitov7— 'perhaps botl — and the face, seen in profile, was sharp and pale, and woe-worn— very unlike on, well remembered, yet Bessy trembled as sh; looked, and Billy muttered half aloud : 'ii it's not himself it's his ghost, or an evil spirit you'd best come away, Bessy, it's nothing good you may be sure !'' Ho tried to drav? bei! away, but go she v/ould not. ' Let it be as it may,' said sk ' I'll see it out before I go. H-ush ! he heat? us I' It 'was not so, but the figure slowly arc;: and moved to another side of the choir, then knelt again with his back tovards .them, They retreated farthev into tho shade ani! Bessy whispered in a tone of horror: 'It! his ghost, Billy ! it's liis ghost — who know but that's his punishment, forever goicj round and round them bones !' ' Hut, tut, you foolish girl !'' said Billy t the same Bw whisper, *' sure you couliia1! see a ghost before sun-down !' | Again tho figure arose and moved f: another point, then knelt as before, d Bessy saw a crucifix between the clasps Imnds. This made her heart beat quicte but when, watching the face iutnntly, & saw the colour come and go, and finally sa-, tho hand raised to wipe away a falling toft' she lost all control of her. feelings, and eric, out in thrilling accents : I 'Oh, Herbert! Henry Herbert! i s it yo; that's in it? if the breath of life is iu yo speak to me, for God's sake !' '? A voice came from the lips, but thefigw remained motionless. ' It is Herbert-* that is left of him— wait ! I cannot spe now!' t .j '? Dear Lord ! what does this mean ?'' crK; Bessy, clasping her'hands convulsively, r 'Humph!' said Billy with great cofflP sure, 'I thought there was flesh aud bk. in [jthat ghost up at (he house. But, My it's mad he is, or ifc isn't there he'd be aW trade as that ! If you take my a(Ivli; Bessie Conway! you'll make off a3 ftst|, you can — no one can say what fib he'll tai. : next. : 'That's not the face of a ma^8r;. said Bessy still trembling, see how ferven he .. prays. Oh, if God has touched i.; hea1 t !' j .« ' Touch the devil—begging your paw said Billy profanely, ' it's a trick he's ]-Wl and nothing else— 'maybe to win a bo!. ] By this time Herbert had finiobed if might bo called his station, and puttie crucifix in hia pocket came forward to place where Bessy stood awaiting bim- , fi'sfc impulse was to reach out both ot hands, but instantly withdrawing them »3 , he said mournfully : ' . r: 'HoP no P I dare not? I am &il; ],; worthy ? Ufe 'Mr. Herbert?' said Bessy in a '| i bayctly audible, ' whit has wmo oW r 1 11? what am I to think of what I see,~=or L I dreaming or what?' c j\\[o, Bessy ! you are not dreaming,'1 ?p-prbert replied wi'h a strong effort to con trol lais emotion. ' You see before you one v;ho has outraged heaven by his wickedness ^one who has compromised you in pursuit of his cwn selfish gratification — one who has jn short, fulfilled no duty, restrained no passion.' (To he continued.') 