FATAL OCCURRENCE AT GEELONG. An inquest was held at Geelong yesterday before Mr. F Shaw on the body of Thomas Lockwood, who died in the hospital on Monday evening from the effects of injuries received on Saturday last The first witness was Mr Pye, teacher who stated he saw the deceased alive on Saturday afternoon, when he took over some vegetables He had, been in the bar, a temporary structure erected inside the walls which were left stand in g after the fire, about 20 minutes when a sudden storm came on, the roof was lifted, and the whole structure was down within 10 seconds The building was about 14 ft. square, and composed of quarter ing and lining boards As the storm came on the deceased was shutting the door, when the south brick wall fell in, and the deceased was buried with the bricks Witness was at the far end of the bar from the wall, and was not injured He ran to the deceased and found him near the door apparently dead, with a deep wound on his forehead and injuries to his scalp. Mrs. Lock wood was also covered with debris Witness removed the bricks from her thigh, and she was taken out. Mr, D Helm was also under the adorns, but was soon got out The place they were in was a separate building, having no connexion with the brick wall. The south side was built within a few inches of the old wall. As soon as the brick wall fell, it brought the wooden one with it. The deceased was sober at the time of the accident When the deceased was putting up the temporary building, witness told him it was dangerous he considered the walls standing after the late fire were not safe, he deceased stated he had consulted two PTchitects, whose opinions were that the walls were strong enough to form part of a new building he intended to erect The whole of the four walls come down together Other evidence of a similar character was then given. Mr Scott said the deceased was admitted to the hospital on Saturday after noon quite sensible Witness found a wound about 4in. long on the front of the left side of the had, exposing a fracture of the skull 3in long, passing through the orbit, and apparently the base of the skull, The deceased continued sensible till the afternoon of the following day, when he be came delirious, and began to sink, expiring on Monday evening. Death resulted from fracture of the skull The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental Death " A MAN named Rixon has been arrested at Maryborough, Queensland, on suspicion of having murdered his wife. At the police court investigation held on the 20th Inst, he, says the Brisbane telegraph, " declared that he saw the ghost of the murdered woman, who described to him the manner of her death. He says he then told the police, and hence he was arrested. The evidence is said to he very strong against him." 