" Alas: Poor Ghost It is notofteii, in theso practical days, that we hear of a real live ghost e-viBitiug the glimpses. of the moon, making night hideous. Wi|liamstpwn has, however, been sorely exercised by the pppoaranqe, at intervals, of ; - a iemaie apparition, ciaa in tne usuai wane garments. This thing appeared again last night, as the Inspector of . Nuisances, Mr R. Hammond, can testify to his cost,Ior;he was,; this morning, cited . to appear ' at the Police Court, of Willinmsto.wa, for jiavipg assaulted . the ghost. The .worthy inspector' was taking ' his evening walk on tne 21st instant,, when he was aroused from hiB meditations, by a boy calling out to him,," Look out for, the ghost." Turning the corrier bf the ceme-. tery road; he saw Ihe mysterious "visitor ap- proaohing himj clad in completp'.calieo, and, in au ecstaoy of surprise andJ,perhap9 terror, struck a blow at tho npparitlou wth .a' slide. Instead, however, of cutting the ambieiit air, the blow deseehded with a sound , thwack on tbe head of a b'ciug of flesh and blood. -The female thus smitten hns lumtaonied the in-,1 spactor for assault, stating that Bhe was In I 'tho' habit of going out at night' >with her skirt over her head, not for. tKdi purpose, of personating a ghost, but for ..theipurpose of collecting lior stray children. u > " Sir, one word," said a soldier one day to Frederick tho Great, when prepeptipg to him; a request for tho brevet of lieutepap|t.' "If you say two,"- answered thc,,klp'g, . " I will have you hanged." " Sign, ".replied the soldier, Tho . king stared, whistled, and signed. .-i . . Errs'S QOOOA.— GBATEFOIi AUD lOOMfOBTISO, — By a thorough knowledge of tho isatural laws, wtioh govorn tho operations of digestion and ll.trUlon, and by a careful application !nf the nlno properties . f woll-aolootod coeoa, ' ttr Eppc has ptovidod oar brokfost tables with_n dill- oately flavonrod berorago wh'oh may.aivF us many heavy doctors' bills.- it is by the j adloioae use of.Baon.anloIos of diet, that a coiuitltatioo may be gradually built up until strong 2 onouRb to resist every tondonoy.to disease; Hundred bf subtle maladies are'floating arouid us, ready' to attaok whorover thero . is a woalrpoiirt; We may escape many a fatal tehaft by' kdapihg our- snlrrs well fnrtifiod with nnrn biood and & properljDonrlshod trame.— Ofvll ServicelUuette 