JOTTINGS. Br " ScMBLEŁca.' "'A saapper-lip of unconsidered tń3es." ? gSASSSPMBE. " Sum people has plenty money, no branes " was tha pocket-book inscription of a gentleman of great weight, who is now known as the sufieriug nobleman of Newgate. 11 What mav happen to a man in Victoria, vriti " branes " and no mone3 r , within a fewyears, it will be hard to say, judging from the style of the cabs with " money and no branes" who form our present aristocracy. Kynetoniaris will remember a memorable occasion, about three years ago, when some of these gentlemen were kind enough to favor this town with a visit. They came in all the resplendent glory of scarlet, for their ostensible game was hunting; and it was whispered in bated, breath, as these heroes of the Tlemington Sunt passed along, that they were the creme do la ereme of Victorian, society. The crowd at the Junction eyed them with mingled feelings of admiration and awe, as they rode past, on the trail of bluff George Watson, the only man in the pack with no nonsense about him. "That's him !" said old Turveydrop, regardless of grammar in his excitement, as a very ordinary specimen of humanity went past. " That's him ! That's Hector! Never wears a hunting coat twice ! Shade of my grandfather, what a customer for a tailor ! And has his hunting tops cleaned with champajrne * Oh, scissors This outburst was pardonable. Turveydrop was descended from a line of tailors, hence his ecissorial exclamation, and his appeal to the Threadneedle street ghost. Also, he was a great Kyne- tonian authority—-in fact a leader of society; having been.for some years assistant bottle-washer m the Generally Useless and Departmental Emptiness Office, until his presence became too huge a joke, and he wa« let loose on condition of making his appearance at the Treasniy four times per annum, on quarter days, to receive fifty portraits of Her Majesty. (You will understand that this is purely a fancy slcetch.) After which, like Dickens' dancing master in JBleaJc House, lie retired to " pride himself on his deportment," and from his reseabianee to that essence of vulvar pretension, was known to the district as Turveydrop. Of course there was a ball in the evening, to mark the presence of these blue bloods, who signalised their contempt for the lower classes by smashing the windows of the Mechanics' Institute, for which a practical-minded policeman, aeting under the instructions of an equally practical Sergeant —not the Goaticide—summoned them. What was to be done ? The thing seemed too -public to square, hut Turveydrop was determined to see his aristocratic friends through. He ad- Tised his " dear young .friends " to fork out £25 and a contrite letter, lent a hand to iudite it, and. then accompanied them to the Junction, where he enjoyed a pleasant afternoon in licking eome of the champagne off those hunting tops he had so much admired. What has led to this retrospect ? Perhaps the following paragraph from Monday's Jrgu-8 :— Messrs Hector and Norman Wilson, of Vectis station, were brought before the Korsham Police Court on the lntli insL, charged with assultinę and resisting the police on the 31st May. The circumstances which led to the present proceedings occurred on the night of the Governor's "visit to Horsham, when a good many people -were more or less exhilarated. The Horsham, Times states that Mr Branson, who appeared for the defendants, said they pleaded guilty, and expressed sorrow for their conduct, and accounted for it by the fact of die Governor having visited Horsham that day, and caused an emberant spirit of loyalty on the part of Messrs Wilson. Sergeant Anderson said he was sorry to say that there were no extenuating circumstances whatever in the case, for the police were assaulted in a perfectly unprovoked manner. Mr Hector Wilson was fined £10 for assaulting the police, £5 for resisting the police in tlie execution of their duty, and £3 damages to Constable Loughnan's uniform. Mr Norman Wilson was fined £10 for assaulting, and £1 for resisting the police. In a vulgar brawl the other day at eal's Hotel, in Melbourne, Mr Hecor Wilson's walking-stick was the ause of a fight between two of those oung ladies who prefer infamy to work: and the affair culminated a police-court case, when the whole the disgraceful facts came put. In lerate assault on the laudlord of Scott's Hotel, some time ago, the same HecW proved his right to his classical name— • • • .•>.'••• Fierce as the raginp torrent at its flood, 1 Hectordfilightsjn battles and in blood. ' It may be all very wellfor these young men to practise tkeir eostermongerish imitations of the Marquis of Waterford,-and to pay for their freaks with money which they would be incapable of earning- But if the .^hureters-w,. of large estates" are. wise. ,tbey will know how to point a moral frcm the, performances of these wealthy larn 1 - kine Taney half-a-dozen Hectors possessing a district in a ring fence, and. taking in into their heads ±o play up-high jinks with ihe townships hemmed in by their lands Edged toolB are very dangerous weapons in the hands of monkeys; juid youths ^feo owe their social •position to their predecessors' exertions should foe taught that the law must heTespecteŁ A Colhngwood larrikin who assault^ the police and destroyed uniforms, and who had been several times previously before the Bench, would hwre gotsi* months without the option of a fene. Why were not these arcades umbo-— these precious brothers—dealt with in similar "Without <&e; slightest wish to interfere with other men's business, I cannot Aelj flunking the paeons must often he Jiardup fora subject ot discourse (1 know loftenom for something to write About) Thisideajmust feyc struck p Weyan jpmtptenn "jfew South >Val«vvdio im euceeeded in discovering a ^ew digging in line which ^ipmisfa; JoWejiieriiaustible. ,The%dney ^iveE iUo 'e pgjH»tw»n— Ł After the U3UT.I prijjr for QiiujU j and all otliir jlignitaiies," t'.ie reverend j gsntleiiiai: .-i:ipeii'elori uolial^ •: tile Legis- | litivo Afi5B:u!)lf in thsse wa.Us:—" May they ioajer i-mtinue to be a disgrace to the colony ; ii'i:, O Lord, reform, ttiem, for even that is riot too hard for thee." That genflcmn ha 1 : abundant ftii^h. I trust .his eiainple will be followed in this colony. It would take very ablebodied prayists to reform ottr'Legislative Assembly. 