ELMNrOR'S VIOTORY. CHAPTER LIU. —CoKTnna®. MAJWARET LEKVARD'S DEUKQtESCraS. BX THE JLCTHOB OP "UU>r ADDLET'6 BZCB3S "xxrBOhx norv"&c;, t tx. " By-and-by, however, the time for my leaving school came—partly because I was seventeen rears of age, and partly because papa couldn't settle Miss ilorathorne's bills—and I went home to the old rambling house in Berkshire. Here I found everything si sixes and sevens, and poor papa in dreadfully low spirits. His creditors were all gettinghombly impatient, he had all sorts of writs, and attachments, and jod dments, and contempt of courts, and horrors of that kind, out against him ; and if they could have put him into two prisons at once, I think they would have done it, for some of the? a wanted him in Wiutecro*. Stn-ot, and others wanted hiui in the Queen's Bench, and it w;v? altogether dreadful. Well, papa's only friend of late years had been a very learn'.-J gentleman, iK-longing to a rra:id k>ai llrai in the cit>% who had managed all his business matters fur him. Now this •jen'Jeman had lately died, and his only son, wh" had su^m-dod t-> a very large fortune upon his father's death, was staying with my poor j«ai>a when I came home from school. "I hope you won't think me conceited, Miss YiTiars, but in order to make my story intelligible, I'm owVW to say that at that time I was considered a very pretty «irl. I had been the belle of the sch xil at Miss Florathome's, 3nd when I went back t-> pK-rL-hm; and mixed in society, people nude a tremendous fuss about me. Of coarse, you know, my dear, troubles about money matters, aud a wanderlife, and French dinners, which are too muvh for a weak digestion, have made a very ireat diffcrent-e in me, and I'm not a bit like what I was then. Well, the young lawyer who was staying with papa—I shall not tell you his name, because I consider it very dishonorable to tell the name of a person you've jilted, even to a stranger—was very attentive. However. I took no notice of that—though he was very liandsome and elegant-looking, and awfully clever—for my heart was true to Frederick, from whom I received the most heart-rending letter under cuver to Louisa, declaring that, what with the mosquitoes and what with the separation from me, and owing debts of honor to his brother officers, and not, clearly seeing his way to pay them, he was often on the verge of committing suicide. I had not told papa of my engagement, you must know, my dear, because 1 felt sure he'd grumble about my engaging myself to a • ( >cnniles3 ensign ; though Frwl might have been a marquis, for at that time there were only eleven cousins between him and the title. So one day papa took me out for a drivl? with liim, while Sir. the young lawyer was out shooting; aud he told me that he was sure, from several things the young lawyer had let drop, that he was desperately in love with nic, and that it would be his salvation— pa's—if I would many him, for he was sure that in that ca^e the young man, who was very generous and noble-minded, woidd jiay his debts—jtt's—and then he could go on the continent and end his days in peace. "Well, my dear Miss Yillars, the scene between us was actually heart-rending. I told papa that I loved another—I dared not sav that I was actually engaged to poor dear Frederick—and pa entreated me to sacrifice what he called a foolish school-girl's fancy, and to give some encouragement to a noble-hearted young man, who would no doubt get him out of the most abominable trouble, and would make me an excellent h asband. " And you consented J" " Yes, my dear, after a great deal of persuasion, and after shedding actual oceans of tears, and in compliance with papa's entreaties, began to give the young lawyer—Fiu obliged to call him the yoiiiiy lawyer, because one is so apt to associate lawyers with grey hair, and grumpiness, and blue bags—a little encouragement, and in about a week's time he made me an offer, and I accepted it, though ray heart was etU! true to Frederick, and I was still corresponding with him under cover of Louisa." Eleanor looked very grave at this part of the story, aud Mrs. Lenhaid interpreted her companion's serious face as a mute reproach. " Yes, I know it was veiy wrong," she exclaimed ; " but then, what in goodness' name was I to do, driven to distraction upon one side by pa, driven to distraction upen the other side by Frod, who vowed that he would blow out his brains, if I didn't write to.him by every mail ?" " Well, my dear, the young lawyer, whom I shall call in future my affianced husband, for short, behaved most nobly. In the first place he bought pa's estate—not that he wanted it, but because' pa wanted the money—and then lie lenfcfpa enough money, oyer and abdve the tore, and to buy an - annuiiy, upon wHch he could live Of course this was veiy gaoetooe of' him, and he made T,' quite light of it, declaring that-my Jove w„uld have repaid him for much greater aacrificei. You know faisthought I loved him, and I Rally did toy to lovfc hfcn, and to throw over poor Frederick; fo* papa's sake: bat the more I tried to throw Frederick over, and the distant and cold I made my letters, the more heart-rending he became, reminding toe of the vows I had uttered in the garden at Bath, and declaring that if I jilted him, hk blood tboold be upon my head. So, what with one thing and another, my life was a burden. \- It took papa some time to settle all his debts, even with the assistance of my affianced husband, but at last everythfng was arranged, and we storied for a continental tour. My affianced husband accompanied its, and the marriage was arranged to take place at Lausanne. I need not say that I was very unhappy all thia time; and I felt that I was a very wicked crcatute, fot I mis deceiving one of the best of Perhaps the worst of all was, that, t&y; affianced husband had snch perfect confidence in me, that I scarcely think anything I could have said or done—short of what I did at the very last—could have shaken his faith. He talkc-1 sometimes of my youth, and my childishand my simplicity, until I used to feel a perfect LrcKETiA Borgia. Ah ! Miss Yillars, it wa3 dreadful, and I often felt inclined to throw myself at his feet and tell him all about poor Frederick; but the thought of my poor papa, and the recollection of the money for the estate, which could not be paid back again, sealed my lips, and I went on day after day deceiving the best of men. You see, I'd gone to» far to recede, and oh, tny dear, that is the awful penalty one always pays for one's wickedness—if you begin by deceiving any one, you're obliged to go on, and on, and on, from one deception to another, until you feel the basest creature in the world. At least that's how I felt when all the lovely dresses, and jewels, and things that my affianced husband had ordered arrived from Paris. If I could have walked upon gold, Miss Yillars, I do think that foolish man—for he was quite foolish about me, though in a general way he was so very clever—would have thought the purest bullion only fit for paving stones under my feeL The alks and satins—satin wasn't outre then, you know— would have stood alone if one had wanted them to do so; the lace—well, I won't dwell upon that, because I dare say you think already that I shall never have done talking, and are getting dreadfully tired of this long «torv." Xo. Mrs. Lennard," Eleanor answered, gravely, I am very much interested in your story." You cannot tell how deeply it interests j." The major's wife was only too glad to receive permission to run on. She was one of those people who are never happier than when reciting their own memoirs, or relating remarkable passages in the history of their lives. "The very eve of the wedding-day had arrived," resumed Mrs. Lennard, in a very solemn, and, indeed, almost awful voice, "when the uul<wktxl-for crisis of my destiny came upon me like a thunderbolt Pa and my affianced husband had gone out together, and I was alone in one of the apartments which we occupied at Lausanne: It was about an hour before dinner, and I was dressed in one of the silks that had come from Paris, and I was tolerably resigned to my fete, and determined to do my best to make my affianced ihusband happy, and to prove iny gratitude for his goodness to my father. Imagine my horsror, then, when I was told that a lady wished .to see me—an English lady—and before I could decide whether I was at home or not, in rushed Louisa Lennard, very dusty and tumbled, for she had only just arrived, and of course there was no railway to Lausanne from anywhere, at that tnne. " Well, my dear Miss Yillars, it seems that Frederick's silence, which I had taken for resignation, was quite the reverse. Louisa had heard of myintended marriage, audhad written about it to her brother, and her brother had gone nearly mad, and, being on the eve of obtaining leave of absence on account of his bad health—the climate had knocked him up r-cohtrived to get away from Malta name-. diately. He and his sister had managed to persuade Iheir rich maiden aunt, who was Very fond of Frederick, and who left him all her money the other day, to take them both to Switzerland, and there they were, with the nch maiden aunt, who was very much knocked Up by the journey, and who had not the least shadow of a suspicion that she had been made acatspaw. ! " Well, Miss Villars; anybody—even'the haidest-heartod of-creatures—-would have been ' touched by such devotion as this, and for the moment I forgot all abont my affianced bu6- band's generosity, and I gave that enthusiastic Louisa, who really was *the moving- 'spirit. of J.: ^--flsolemnpton^ Of course I didn't toll hor that tho next day was appointed forinjn wadding, because I was too much afraid of hoi, auger,, as slio was devotedly • attached to her brother, and had hoard my eplomn vows in'tho garden at Bath but the popple at the,hotel told her all about it, in their nasty gossiping way ; the.consoquenco of Which was, that when I mot Fred iu tlio porch of the cathedral, ivhilo papa and my affian^d husband wore taking thoir wiuo after dinnor, lus goings-on were really awful. " I cau never describe that scoiio. When 1 look hawk Sat it, it "sceifts like a dream—all hurry, and noise, and confusiou. Frederick declared that be had come all the way from Malta to claim .me as his bride, and called my afllanced husband a baron all coveted -with jewels and gold, from the ballad of 1 Alonzo the Brave,' which ho had .boon'in tho habit of repitiug at, school. And, poor dear fellow, nojv that I saw hiiii again, ,iny heart, which had always been truo to him, seemed mora true to him than ever; and what with Frederick goiug down upon his knees in that chilly porch, arid getting up suddenly every lime the person who showed tho cathedral to strangers happened to look our way, I scarcely knew what 1 said or did, And Frederick extorted from me the promise that I , would rui^ away with hiui iiud Louisa that very nighty and be married to him as soon as over wo could find anybody that would marry us. " I can never describe that dreadful night, Miss Villars; suffice it to say, that I ran away without a bit of luggage, and that Frederick, Louisa, and I performed the most awful journey —-almost all by diligence—and were nearly jolted to death between Lausanne and Paris, whero Fred, by the help of some English friends, contrived to get the ceremony performed by a Protestant clergyman, at the house of the British Consul, but not without a great deal of difficulty and delay, during which I expected every day that my affianced husband would come tearing after me. " He did nothing of the kind, however, I heard afterwards from papa that he didn't show tho least disposition to pursue the, and lie particularly requested that no attempt should be made to prevent my doing cxactly as I pleased with regard to Fred. If be had pursued ine, MisS Villars, I h&ve; no doubt ! should 1 "have gon© back and married him; for I am very weak, and it is my nature to do whatever people wish mo to do. But all he did was to walk about very quietly, looking as pale as a. ghost for a day or two, and braving out all the ridicule that attached to him because of his bride's running away from him npon tho eve of the wedding-day, and then lie parted company with papci, and went away to Egypt, and went up tho Rile, and did all sorts of outlandish things." "And have-yon never seen him since¥' Eleanor aslccd, anxiously, "Yes, once," answered Mrs. Lennaivl, "and' that's the most singular part of: the story. About tliree years after my marriage I was in London, and Fred auA I were very, very poor, for his a\\\pt hadn't then forgiven him for mating a catspaw of her at Lausanne, and he had no remittances from her, and nothing but his pay and an occasional present from Louisa, who married a rich city inan soon after our elopement. I had had one baby, a little girl, who was then a year and a half old; and. who Wf« christened after Fred'e rich aupt; and Lred's regiment was ordered out to India, and I was getting ready to join him at Southampton, 'imd I was' ,yery nnhappy at having to take my dariing opt there, for people said the climate would kill her. I was in lodgings iu tho neighborhood of 'Euston Square, and I was altogether very wretched,' when one evening,' at; dusk, as J was siting by the fire, ivitli my littlo giil in my lap, who should walk into, tho room but the very man I had jilted. " I gave a scream when I saw him, but he begged mo not i to be frightened of. him,; and thou I asked him if he had forgiven inc. He said he had tried to forgive, inc. He was very grave and quiet Jrbut tlyjugh I think he tried to be gentle, there wasi a sort of suppressed sfcerjiiifess in' his 'manner winch made me fool afraid of him. He hid' riot very long returned fii^fcho q,nd hdwto'yery Jo'tiely and wrefccliod. :;t<$io j^K Heard )ny Mbor that I was „goiug to. India,, And . that "I hod a UttlCj girl, ,whom I wag obliged to take abroad YfUi {ho jpr wrant of {fclio imealns '6f prodding hfir,>nt|i, a ^mforlable home |n' England.' He. proposed to me to adopt this, .little girl, atid to' bring her up as: his own daughter, with my 1 husband's (ioiisent. . i '''"Hc'pi^misfta to leavci her very well off at h'is ^d^ii'Md to;htet n/ fox-tuno if ho Ukf4y* V gaid, ieaiye. her all"j lu? .mojiey j butilie;mpd« itia oondition, that horifttbhershouldhave ally fuithenviclaim ttpojo herJ ""Wd ^dreto bive vhor' wM' tobe'SEitisfied ^th life ^jn-r.-r-Tijr-•iirvi.rix- .nlittftvojpo incentive to lftborrr&Mtfng.; tolovoofto protect. Let me have your-little girl; I shall be a better father to licr than your husband can be.' • ..,'1. " i "At first'Lthought that I could never, hover consent to such a tiling;but little by little ho won ino over, in a grave, persuasive way, that convinced mcinepiteof myself, and t couldn't afford to engage a nnrse to go out to Calcutta with me, and I'd advertised for nn ayah who wautcd to return, and who would go with mo for the consideration of her passagemoney, but there had boon no answers to my advertisements: so at last -Iconscuted to write to Fred to aslc him if ho would agree to our parting with the pot. Fred wrote liie the Shortest of letters by return of post; ' Yes, 1 he isaid, 'the child would -be nn awful nuisance pn shipboard, and it will be much better for her to stop iu England,' I sent his letter to tho lawyer,, and the next day ho brought a nursu, a rospoctable elderly person, and fetched away my precious darling. " You see, Miss Villars, neither Fred nor I had rfvlhcrf the idea that wo were parting with her for ever; wconty thought of the convenience of getting her a happy home in England lor nothing, while we went to be jbroiled to death's door out in India. But! ah I when years and years passed by, and the two babies who were born in India died, 1 ibegan to grieve dreadfully about my lost pet; and if I hadn't been what some people call frivolous, and if Fred and I hadn't suited each other so exactly, and been somehow or other ^always happy together in all our troubles, I think I should have broken my heart. But I tried to bo resigned," concluded Mrs. Lonnard, with a profound sigh, "and I hear of imy pet once iu six months or so, though I never hear from her, and indeed I doubt if she knows she's got such a thing as a mamma ,in the universe—aud I have her portrait, pool darling, and she's very liko what I was twenty •years ago." "I know she is," Eleanor answered, gravely. • " You know she is ! You know her then?" ' " Yes, dear Mrs. Lennard. Very strange things happen iu this world, and not the least strange is the circumstances which has brought jyou and me together. I know your daughter intimately, iter uauic is Laura, is it not i" " Yes, Laura Mason Lenuavd, alter Fred's {rich aunt, Laura Mason." | "And your maiden name was. Margaret jRavcnsliaw.' ! " Good gracious me, yes!" pried Mrs. Lennard. " Why, you seem to ioiow every thin, /about me." "I know this much,—the man you jilted :Was Gilbert Monckton, of Tulldale Priory." "Of course! Tolldalo was poor papa's place till he sold it to Mr. Moncktoji. . Oh, ;Miss Villars, if you know-him, how you must despise mo!" " I only wonder that you could " Eleanor stopped abruptly: the termination of her speech would not have been very -couit !plimentary to the good-tempered.major. Mrs. Lennard understood that sudden pause. " I know what you were going to say, Miss Villars. You were going to say you wondered how I could prefer Fred to Gilbert Monckton; and Fm not a bit offended. I know as well as you do that Mr. Monckton is very, VJJUV, VERY superior to Frederick in intellect, and dignity, and elegance, and all manner of things. But then, you see," added Mrs. Lennard, with a pleading smile, " Fred suited nw." CHAPTER LIV. VERY LONELY. Eleanor had considerable difficulty in parrying Mrs. Lennard's questions as to liow she had coinp to know Gilbert' Monckton aud his ward; and she was obliged to confess that she had been musical governess to Laura at Hazlewood. "But J. must beg yyu not to tell Mr. Monckton that I am with you, if you should happen to write to him," Eleanor said. "I have a very (particular reason for wishing him to remain in j perfect ignorance of my present home." " To be sure, .my dear,". answered Mrs. Lennard, "of'course I won't-tell him if you don't wish mo to do so. And as to writing to him, I should ho more think of doing so than of flying in the,air, cxcopt just a civil note of a few lines, to thank him for sending me news of Laura. He 'only* writes to me once in six months or so, to toll mo how my lost darling is, and though Tye implored him again and again, lie won't let me see her. ' She is still little wore tlian a child,' he wrote in his last letter, 'and I droad the effect of your influence upon her. It %:0t ^nb' revengeful feeling that I keep your daughter apart from you. When her cliar&otoms; formed apd lior princi- ^les.fiiedi yo\t shall > Jtnow hd'.' As if I was a ^tcK',]' 1 6ri6d MxS. Lennaid, iii Conclusion) " and slioiild 'co^Uaminate my own daughter." Eleanor smilodias sh^ shook hor head. I " ! Dear Mrs.' • Lonnatdj/" she. veaid, " your ^ai^hipf is;'pprhJibs'-'better' off in -thd care • of such amai to GubM ^iiclctdfl,'' 1 Is as kiudrlicarted aud good-temporod; as yourselfr but ^ho if rather weak, and " " And I'm weak, too. Ye^, I quite undcrstand y9u, Miss Villars. It is juy misfortune to be weak-minded. I can't say' no' to people, Tho arguments .of tho person who talks tp mo last always seem so much stronger thau those of the person who talked to jne first. I take impressions quickly, and don't take them douply., I was touched to tho heart by Gilbert Moncktou's kindness to my father, aud I meant to marry him as I promised, and to bo his trae and obedient wife; and then when that poor silly Fred came all the way to Lausanne, and wont on so about being ill-used and deserted, and wanted to commit suicide, I thought it was my duty to run away with Fred. I liaven't any opinions of my own, you see, and I'm always roady to be influenced by tho opinions of other people." Eleanor thought long and deeply over tho Kloiysho had heard from Mrs. U*nnard. This was the root of all Gilbert Moncktou's suspicions. He had been deceived, most crucllv, most unexpectedly, by a beautiful, childish creature, in whoso innocence licliad implicitly bol icved. Ho had been fooled and hoodwinked by a fair-haired angel whose caudid azure eyes had seemed to beam upon liirn with sill the brightness of truth. Ho had been deceived most egregiously, but ho liad not been deliberately betrayed: for up to tho time of her treacherous desertion of her afliauced lover, Margaret Ravenshaw had meant to be true to him. Unhappily Gilbert Monckton did not know this. It is difficult for the man who finds himself as cruelly jilted as he had been, not to believe that the false one has intended all along to turn traitor at the last. There had boon no explanation between Margaret and the lawyer; and he was entirely ignorant of tho manner of hor flight. Ho only knew that she had left him without a woid to prepare him for the death-blow, without a line of regretful farewell to make his sorrow lighter to him. The frivolous shallow woman had been unable to fathom the depth of the strong man's love. Margaret Ravenshaw knew there was a veiy little of the divine in hor own nature, and she had never expected to inspire the mighty affection of a grand and noble souL (She was able to understand the love of Frederick Lennard : which was demonstrated by noisy protestations, and disclosed itself in long schoolboy letters in which the young man's doubtful orthography was blistered by his tears. ;But she could not understand the intensity of feeling that did not mako themselves visible in auy stereotyped fashion. Unluckily for tho harmony of creation, wise men do not always fall in love wisely. The wisest and the best arc apt to be bound captivc by some external charm, which they think must be the outward, evidence of an inward .grace; and Gilbert Monckton had loved this frivolous, capricious girl as truly as if she had been tho noblest and greatest of womankind. >So the blow that had fallen upon him was a very heavy one ; and its most filial effect was to transform a confiding nature into a suspicious one. * He argued as many men argue under the .same circumstances. Ho had been deceived by ono woman, trgo, all women were capable Of deception. I don't suppose the " Stranger" placed very much confidence in the Countess, or had by any means too high an opinion of Charlotte ; and tho best of men are apt to feel very much after the manner of Mrs. Haller's husband. It seemed very strange to Eleanor to bo living with Gilbert Monclcton's first love. It was almost as if some ono had risen out of the grave; for she had looked upon that old story which she had heard hinted at by the Ilaelewood gossips, as something so entirely belonging to the pftst, that the heroine of the romance must of necessity bo dead. And bpre she was, alive and merry, knowing no greater uneasiness than a vague dread of increasing plumpness,'induced by French dinners. Here she was the very reverse of the image that Eleanor had conjured up in her mirid in association with Gilbert's false lovo; a {rood-tempered; commonplace, pretty, middle;- aged woman. Mrs. Monckton' felt a little pang of jealousy at tho thought that her husband had once loved this woman so dearly. Her husband ! Had she still tho light to call him by that'name? H&d; ho not severed the link between thorn of his own free will? Had lie not outraged hor honor, insulted hev truth by his base and unfounded suspicions ? Yes! ho had done all this, and yet Eleanor loved him 1 Slio knew the strength of her love now that she -was away from him, and might perhaps nevejr seo his face looking-at hor in kindness again. She know it now that her scheme pf vengeance against Launcelot Darrell had failed, and left a great blank in her mhid. She thought of her husband seriously now for tho first time, and slio knew that she loved him. . .< . ; ;;" Richard was right,'' <sh© bought again and agnhi; "thepurposfeofmy'lifewoscrueland iimmiianly, ; I had no vigtit to ntyjty filbert Monekton while my mind was full of angiy thoughts. Eid»«a im a^it My P«* fhOie's net would be no roore peaceful if i had made Lami«lot B*idlj»ytfca penalty of bis wickedness." • " She did not abandon her idea of vengeance all at once; bat little, by little, by veiy slow degrett, her mind became reconciled to fee idea that she had failed in her scheme of retribution, and that there was nothing left her bm to try and justify herself in the stght of the husband she loved. She loved him ; and the angry feeling* which had prompted ha to ran away from Tolldale Priorr, willingly abandoning all claim to bis name and his protection, were beginning to give way now. Mrs. Lennard's story had thrown new light upon the past, and Eleanor made all kinds of excuses for her husband s conduct It was his habit to bear all sorrows qoietlr. Who could tell what anguish he might* have felt in the thought of hi= young wife's falsehood ! "He would not porsue Margaret Kavenshaw," Eleanor thought, "and he makes no attempt to find me. And yet he may love me as truly as he loved her. Surely if God refusal to hear my prayers for revenge, he will grant me the power to justify myself." She could only blindly hope for some nilknown chance that might bring about her justification : and that chance would perhaps never come. She was very unhappy when she thought of this: and it was only the perpetual confusion in which Major Leonard and his wife contrived to keep everybody belonging to them, that saved her from suffering very crucllv. All this time she was quite ignorant of the appearance of an advertisement which had been repeated at the top of the second eolumn of the Times supplement every day for nearly a mouth, and about which idle people hazarded all many of conjectures— LEANOR, come back. I was rash and cruel- E I will trust yon. G.M. Major Lennaid was in the habit of seeing the Times every day at Galignani's; but, as he was not a very acute observer or original thinker, he took no notice of the repetition of this advertisement beyond an occasional, " By Jove! Haw! that poor dayvTs still advertising for El'ner nor did he ever make any alfusion to the circumstance in his domestic circle. So Eleanor hugged ber sorrows secretly in the gayest city of the world, while Gilbert Monekton was hurrying hither and thither, and breaking his heart about his lost wife. I think that pitying angels must sometimes weep over the useless torments, the unnecessary anguish, which foolish mortals inflict upon themselves. (To be continued.) 