MOHAMMEDAN OBJECTIONS TO CHRISTIANITY. The uneasy relations between Mohammed anism and Christianity in Eastern Europe are fitted anew to direct attention to the false faith which has so long sat like an incubus on some of the fairest countries in the world. The Moslem religion is evidentlv becoming politically impotent, and the down-trodden Christianity of the Turkish empire is showing a vitality which promises for it a future of a happier char acter than its past. Will the ultimate issue be a death-struggle with the Mohammedans in Europe, or shall we be permitted joyously to welcome them with in the Christian pale ? It is the design of the present article to point out some of the objections which Mohammedans allege against the religion of Jesus. . One very powerfully operative, is the mystery of the Trinity ; and, cognate with it, the Divinity and the Sonship of Christ. The doctrine of the ever-blessed Trinity — three persons and one God — has ever been a stumbling-block in the path of human intellect, and yet reason has no proper title to object to it in any way. If one set himself to show that any dogma involves a contradiction in terms, which is the position taken by most Unitarians and Mohammedans, then it is necessary for him at the very outset to define those terms, and feel that he so comprehends them that he runs no risk of error in say ing what they do, and what they do not involve. Now we ask objectors— " Do you feel that you thoroughly comprehend the word ' God ?' " The question was once put, qs we learn from the pages of inspiration, " Canst thou by searching find out God ? canst thou find out the Almighty unto perfection?" If any are . disposed to answer the question affirma tively, assuredly they fall short of the spiritual position attained by Zophar, who first proposed the inquiry, and then in reply added — " It is as high as heaven, what canst thou do? deeper than hell, what canst thou know ? The measure thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea." (Job. xi. 7-9.) We would ask objectors again — Do you feel that you thoroughly comprehend in all its bearings the import of the term "person" as used in works on the Trinity. None we think will profess to entirely comprehend it. If, then, it be admitted that they do not thoroughly understand the import of the all-important word God, or the meaning of the term person, it assuredly follows that they can not prove there is any contradiction in terms, when it is asserted that there are three persons and one God. If it had been alleged that three persons are one person, or three gods are one god, then a contradiction might have been pointed out, though the terms were not under stood ; but we repeat that in the doctrine three persons and one god, no contradic tion in terms can be proved, unless we succeed in doing what it is above the power of man to accomplish, namely, thoroughly comprehending the terms em ployed. When Mohammedans disbelieve in the Trinity, it is obvious that they do not hold the true and proper Divinity of Christ. Cognate with the difficulty respecting the Divinity is another regarding the Son- ship of Christ. It is very deeply ingrained in the Mohammedan mind. Gross and sensual in character, they cannot conceive the spirituality of the doctrine ; and were it not that we desire to give readers a true conception of the position occupied by ordinary Mohammedans towards the truth, we should not repeat their blasphemous utterance. " Christ the Son of God," they contemptuously repeat; "has God a wife ?" a question generally followed by shouts of laughter. To avoid offence, it is often well to speak of Christ not as the Son of God, but as God become incarnate, a truth to which an ordinary Moslem audience is prepared to listen with decent respect. A second objection to Christianity is the prominence it assigns to the atone- ment. Ordinary converts in the East appear to feel sin less acutely than those do who have been brought up from the first under Christian influence in such highly favoured lands as our own. Still the sense of sin is more or less present in the minds of worshippers in Asia as in Europe ; and has much to do with the re ligious observances that constitute so marked a feature of oriental life. But it is quite remarkable how much it runs in particular races and religions ; and how slender an influence it exerts on some. The Hindoos are honourably distinguished for the keen perception they have of the necessity there is for an atonement, and expiations of many distinct kinds are an essential part of their religious system. It is different with the Mohammedans. In them the feeling of sin is apparently slight ; the Pharisaic spirit is painfully prominent, and the need of any atonement for sin is not obvious to their blinded hearts. To beat down pride in ourselves we all know to be difficult in the last degree. So to beat it down as to render us capable of accepting the humbling doc trines of the Gospel is literally impossible to human power. It demands the Spirit of God ; and it is cheering to reflect that, as all miracles of grace are equally easy to that Divine Being, there is no difficulty if He will it, in converting the proud Mohammedan heart. A third objection to Christianity is its non-recognition of Mohammed as a prophet. No difficulty is felt in accepting what is stated regarding Scripture charac ters. The Old Testament heroes — Abra ham, Isaac, Jacob, David, &c.; — figure largely in the Mohammedan system ; and their names, a little transformed, are often given to Moslem children. None is felt in regard to the according of respect to Jesus. As is known, the Moslems accept Him at least as a prophet, though not pre pared to assent to his divinity. But they do feel the pertinacious refusal to admit the claims of Mohammed. The fact that it is impossible for us to frame any com promise with them on this point makes them regard us as their implacable foes. In the hope of being able to force us to terms, they, or at least those of them who are the most enlightened, are very anxious to find some reference in the Bible to the advent of Mohammed. A missionary in Turkey writes of an old man, so rheumatic in his limbs that he required a hand to help him down the stairs of the mission house. He had in his prime been quite a hero ; and one day unfolded a roll of cer tificates, among which was a document specially worthy of note. Its purport was, that at the assault of a fortified place, he, a combatant on the British side, had been the first to mount the .beleaguered wall. "When excitement regarding the progress of the truth led to the withdrawal of many pupils from under instruction, he con tinued his sons as usual at school ; and, on-pne occasion, when about to travel to another part of the country, had almost . left -his youngest boy in charge of the mis sion; His co- religionists knew his feelings, and' carefully kept back from him all in formation regarding a plot which they formed against the Europeans living near them in the mutiny year. But he found It -out, notwithstanding, and, at the risk of liia life, proceeded under cover of night to put a missionary on his guard This man's religious views were in one respect pecu liar. He was for what may be called comprehension. He was the broadest of the broad. He felt that if the struggle between Christianity and Mohammedan ism; went on, the latter would ultimately , . perish- — a result which he thought greatly to be deprecated. Might nob Christians and Moslems, he therefore argued, agree to merge their difference, and unite into one church 1 Such a scheme would be facilitated by . what he alleged to be a fact, namely, that the Founder of Christianity Himself had predicted the advent of Mohammed. On proof being asked, and a Bible handed him, he turned to John xiv.. :6 : "Nevertheless I tell you the truth. It is expedient for you that I go \- away - - for if I go not away the Comforter will not, come unto you : but if I depart, I will send him unto you." That " comfor ter/' he said was Mohammed. To this a bitter, controversialist might have replied by .sarcastically asking whether it was a comfort to the church of the seventh, cen tury to see its sacred edifices in hundreds ' . overthrown, and its sons mulcted in heavy tribute, or worse than this, in tens of thousands slain. But any one making the Divine Teacher his model is of course sacV customed to adopt a very different style of address. In the most conciliatory lan guage, therefore, it was pointed out , that/ if a shadow of doubt could- be held to rest on the. verse quoted from ' John's Gospel, other .passages, from the. same inspired writer take all ' uncertainty away ; for in chap/ xiv.16, 17,' we read, " And I. will prayvthe'- Father, , and He sliall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever. Even the spirit op truth/' and in verse- 2(3, " But the Comforter, . which is ,tiie Holy Ghost." The objections which we have now passed under review operate, it will be perceived/against Christianity, even when in its purest" form / others, of course, exist to it, wheix corrupted by , an element so utterly antagonistic to its nature as. idolatry.. -The objections hitherto spoken of are, it will at once be seen, purely of a religious- nature / there are. others of a political character, on these, however,- it is b'eyond the scope of the present article toenter. . w ' . -Romish Lottery at Newcastle!— -The Attorney-General , has lately., been doing good service in putting down, lotteries as tending to the demoralization of the people. He assured .the promoters /that the' pre tence of colouring -the abomination by. the words . Art-TJnion drawing "J was/flimsy and -false, and that, the whole, schemie was a ''violation of law,, and must; be/stopped." Is an abomination less abominable because it connects itself with what is called re ligion? If not, we reeommend: to Mr. Dalley's attention the . advertisernent .in the Newcastle papers of ariother! /' Art- Union drawing," the , prizes/beihg some- thing considerable— " a beautiful buggy or fifty pounds," and othera1/ " 'distributions"" of several " cases of ale,".: ," jewellery," waggons load of coal," and lots of other attractive 'articles. The; whole .of, 'this gambling to proceed on . Easter Monday under, the sanction of the Church. of Rome, and for the. benefit of a Popish church and schools in Newcastle ; tickets, two-shillings each". Several! of the donors of the prizes- are .Protestants. These " donors are, com mitting two grievous sins— they are pro: motirig . gambling in a form :long sin'ce given up as demoralizing, by.th'e'ihost cor rupt states ; and they are .trying to 'lielp a Church against .which, as Protestants, they, are bound to protest . as idolatrous:: and. -apostate.. May . God forgive "them :" but they and others are sowing seed in their own day which will bear bifcter fruit by- and ' bye. in curse and danger 'to " this -country.. ' Erratum.— In paragraph on page 8, last week's issue, for "Balmain pamphlet" read "Balmain almanac." See advertisement: " The' Drought Broken up.— Thank God ! the day of humiliation and prayer announced by the Governor for. Friday next may be turned into a day of thanksgiving. We trust it will be no held all over the colony. Cowardly Protestants in Victoria.— a -friend of the Standard in Geelong, Victoria, re- printed in the form of a pamphlet the lecture by the Rev. Dr. Potter, which appeared in our columns a few, months ago, relying on the por- mised help of the local booksellers to get it dis tributed. His own words will show how he succeeded. He says : "In respect to Dr. Potter's lecture, 1 had great difficulty in getting it printed, and although the booksellers pro-, mised to sell some for me, when it was printed declined, saying it would injure their custom. One who took 100 copies to sell, I found, on my calling some time after, did not expose them for sale, and had only sold twelve. Through the exertions of an Orangeman I expect to sell 200. I have given a good many away." We expect to have this splendid pamphlet for. sale in a short time. It will be advertised in our Book List.— Ed. P. a. 