REVIEW. ROBERT BROWNING'S LATEST VOLUMES The peculiar genius of Robert; Browning would seem to have completed its circle of eccentricity in this last volume. The author of Paracelsus, Sorbello, and The Ring and the Book is not a worker who is frightened of his materials. Pacchiarotto, who is Mr. Robert Browning, draped in a very meagre Italian cloak, may; have worked in distemper from choice, but he shows himself quite capable of working equally well in wood, stone, marble, or the commonest of clay. The roughest rhyme road is easy travelling to Mr. Browning. Pacchiarolto is at once a notable instance of the poet's talent for word- torturing, and the knack with which he expands a prose apothegm into metro. Who but Robert Browning, having occasion to describe a club of critic asters, would have dared to use such uncouth accuracy of expression as this I ought to have told you, al starting, How certain, who itched to be carting Abuses away clean and thorough From Siena, both provinces and borough, ' Had formed themselves into a company Whose swallow could bolt In a lump any Obstruction of scruple, provoking The nicer throat's coughing and choking. Fit Club, by as fit a name dignified Of Freed Ones"-" Bardottl "-which signified " Spare Horses" that walk by the waggon The team has to trudge fur and drag on. This notable Club Pacchiarolto Bad joined long since, paid set and not to, the free and accepted '-Haidotto," The Bailiwick viewed with no quiet dye The outrage thus done to society. And noticed the advent especially Of Paocblarotto their fresh ally. The jest upon rhyming which is here embodied in the vagary of a man of genius, the humour of a master musician who seeks difficulties in order that he may overcome them. But though Mr. Browning has acquired an easy Beat upon his Pegasus, it does not follow that the unfortunate reader whom he mounts en croup is therefore at home likewise. The easiest cantering of Mr. Browning's steed is apt to dislocate the minds of literary riders accustomed only to the park hacks of Alfred Austin and Arthur Manby. It would seem that some complaint of sore ribs and lost leather has reached our l-jnroio/ws, and called from him the present ebullition of spleen : Was it "grammar" wherein you would "coach" me You-pacing In even that paddock Of language allotted you, must live, with a dog at your fetlocks,-yuu-seamers Of me free of all its four corners? He compares himself to a tenant of some London house beset by organ-grinder, and trounces his critics in a vein which is quite Aristophanes I throw upthowindow. " Your pleasure Î" Then he who directed the measure, An old friend, put leg forward nimbly, " We critics as sweeps out your chimbly 1" "Ah, rogues, but my housemaid suspects youths confident off she detects you In bringing more filth into my house Than over YOU found there! I'm pious However: 'twas God made you dingy And me- with no need to be stingy Of soap, when Ms sixpence the packet So, dance away, boys, dust my jacket. And, what with your rattling and tinkling, Who knows but you give me an InkUag How music sounds, thanks to the ingle Of regular drum and triangle? Whereby, tap-tap, chlnk-cblnk, 'has proven I break rule as bad as BeethoVen. That chord now-a groan or a grunt left T Schumann's self was no worse contrapuntal" Then scuttle away, glad to escape hence With-kickB?-no, but laughter and ha'pence ! Mine's freehold, by grace of the grand Lord Who lets out the ground here my landlord, To him I pay qult-ront- devotion ; Nor hence shall I bridge I've a notion. Nay, here shall say whistling and singing Bet all his effects echoes ringing Long after the last of your number Has ceased my front-court to encumber, While treading down roan and ranunculus 1 Port Tommy make room for your uncle us. Troop, all of > one-man ur homogenous, Quick march I for Xantippe, my housemaid, If once on your pates she a house made, With what, pan or pot, bowl, or shorting First comes to her hand-writing) were more amiss I I would not for worlds be your place in Recipient of slops from the biBln I Yon Jaek-ln-tho-Groon, loaf and twlgglshnoss. Won't save a dry thread of your priggishness I While as for Qullp-Hopo'-my-thumb thore, Banjo-Byron that twangs the strain strum there, He'll think, as the pickle he curses, I've discharged on his pate his own verses I "Dwarfs truancy," says Dickens : 33 lucid in Your own sauce, go State fill up the blank, but the reader adds Alfred Austin," by that mental process de- fined as " unconscious celebration." That this tremendous flagellation was provoked is not to be doubted. The gentlemen in London who live by the practice of the fine Acta have been quarrelling sadly of late Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Swinbourne have afforded much amusement, and some proof, to press and bar, Mr. Austin has been saying things about his neighbours which are malicious enough to be almost witty. Every writer for a magazine seems to have his "following," and to pride himself in belonging to somebody's " school," It has always been usual for contemporary criticism to discount Originality, and men like Mr. Browning, who, not being of high poetic family, are content to be merely ancestors, have to submit to the proverbial disdain of Nazareth. Pacchiarotto is nothing more than a bilious attack, Mr. Browning has taken offence at criticism, and has turned upon his critics much in the same way as did the Aristophanes whom he is so fond of quoting. Two or three of the other poems are written in the same vein, "At the Mer- maid" in Mr, Browning's statement of the reason why he would not accept the laureate. Ship. The argument is put into the month of Shakspeare's " pott poor " ? No my hear Hob, I, nor am, nor ¡¡.¡Sivouid So I CHOose your chiefs and pick your partie], Not one soul revolt to me 1 the most noisome of all pride, the pride that apes humility, is displayed in these verses. Here's my work : does work discover What was rest from work-my life ? Did I live man's hater, lover ? Leave the world at peace or strUs ? Blank of such a record truly Here's the work I hand, this scroll, Yours to take or leave ; as duly Mine remains the proffered soul. Which of you did I enable Once to slip inside my breast, There to catalogue and label What I like least, what love boat. The same obtrusive explanation that Mr. Browning does not care to explain anything, parade in the poem "House": Shall I sonnet sing you about myself ? Do I live in a house you would like to see ? Is it scant of gear, has it store of pell. " Unlock my heart with a Bonnet key ?" Invite the world as my betters have done ? " Take notice This building remain] on view, It ButteR of reception every one, Its private apartment and bedroom, to 5, For a ticket apply to the publisher." No, thanking the public, I must decline ; fa peep through my window, if folks prefer, But, please you, no foot over threshold of mine I Hoity-toity I A Street to explore, Your house exception. " With this same key Shakespeare unlocked his heart " once more I Did Shakspeare ? If so, the less Shakspeare's 1 The lyric entitled "Shop" is in the same querulous spirit, although the character of the tradesman who thinks that the possession of money makes him the equal of artists, is neatly drawn. Pictures be likes, or books perhaps, And as for buying most and best Commend me to those city chaps I Or else he's social, takes his rest On Sundays with a lord for guest After enumerating the various methods adopted by shopkeepers to make their bar- gaining faculty buy them contentment, he analyses the mind of the poor wealthy fellow In pungent stanzas, of which the last may Joe quoted : He saw no use in life] But while he drove a roaring trade To chuckle, " Customers are rife " To chafe, " Be much hard cash out said Has too in my profits made." On shop each day, and all day long. Friend, your good angel slept ; your star Suffered eclipse ; face did you wrong I From where these sorts of treasures are, there should our hearts be-Christ, how far I It is unlikely that the man who answers to Mr, Browning's description would be able to understand this, and to benefit by it. It is superfluous to tell the intelligent minority that shopkeepers are not poets. Mr. Browning spEnds his spleen in vain. Men of his own class know all this without being Paocblarotto, and How he Worked in Distemper ; lb, other Poems. ~ ~ ' "I '"" Elder, and Co. 1870. with other Poems. By Robert Browning. Smith, I told, and no spieler was ever converted to in- tellectuality by any thing short of drunken riefB or death. " Natural Magic," " Bisfurca tion," and "Numploleptos" are love songs of that regretful kind which are written by men past the period of youth and its illusions. The latter poem recalls some portions of "France at the Fair," and is doubtless best understood by the poet's familiar friends. " St Martin's Summer " is another personal expression. A man would wed a girl. They clasp and kiss, when between them the ghost of a dead love rises, and the lover looking again finds that it was the phantom who had really held his heart. This allegory also is not difficult of interpretation by those who are acquainted with Mr. Browning's life. " A. Forgiveness " is a grim story like that told in the Inn Album last year. A woman deceives her husband. They agree to live apart from each other, but to conceal from the world the fact of their separation. The whole years, nothing was to see But calm and concord where a speech was due Tin co came the speech ; when smiles were wanted to, 3 miles were as ready. At least one evening, when the visit of the King had crowned the house with glory, the wife speaks to her husband half forget The chamber you repair to, and I want Occasion for one short word-it you grant The grace-within a certain room you called Our Study," for you wrote them while I scrawled Some paper full of races for my sport Be grants her the interview, and she tells him that she has always loved him, and that her intrigue was through pique at thinking that he cared more for his ambitious designs than for her. " Write down your own words," he says. I loved my husband and I hated-who He was, I took up as my first chance, more Mud ball to fling and make love foul with !' Here lies paper I Would my blood for Ink suffice I It may this mission from a land of epice, Silk, feather- every bird of jewelled breast This polgnard's beauty, ne'er so lightly prest Above your heart there. The dogger is poisoned, and she dies. The husband tells the tale in the confessional, and referring to the man who had wrought all the evil, Bays In thought he deeply, Father ? Sad, perhaps, For whose Bako, her of some of his who wraps bull plain I seem to see about his head The idle clock about his heart (instead Of cuirass) some fond hope be may elude My vengeance in the cloister's solitude ? Hardly, I think I As little helped his brow The cloak their Father's your grave helps now." " Cenciaja" is a wearisome supplement to Shelley's drama, and "The Privilege of Burial" a parallel to the celebrated "Holy Cross Day." In the latter poem, some Jews of Florence having permission to bury their dead in a corner-field, the Christian owner puts up a shrine with a painting of the Virgin Mary to overlook the graveyard. The Rabble come to beg or buy the removal of the obnoxious picture. The pions farmer sells the privilege of turning Mary round for 100 ducats, and then hires But, the travelling daughter, to paint Christ crucified on either side of the board ! The perplexed and insulted Hebrews send one of their number A six-foot Herculean built Young he-Jew, with a beard that baulks Description Co execute vengeance upon the knavish farmer. The Jew, however, smothers his wrath and says the picture " to hang up as a work of art The satire upon mediaeval Christianity conveyed in his speech is keen and true : For don't I see-let's issue Join ! Whenever I'm allowed pollute (I and my little bag of c tin) Some christian palace of repute Don't I Bee stuck up everywhere Abundant proof that cultured taste Has Beauty For its only core, And upon Tcuth no thought to waste ? " Jew, since It must be, take In pledge 01 payment bee cardinal has signed to me as 11 a wedge Entered his heart- " this best of all My treasures Leda, Ganymede, Or Antiope : swan, eagle, ape (Or what's the beast, of what's the breed) And Jupiter In every shape t The cardinal defends the possession of these heathen deities by saying that the enlightened man loves art, Truth is colour and drawing. Think you I honour lies so much AS temple to parade the charm! 01 Leda-Titian every touch Because the thing within her arms MeanS Jupiter, who had the praise and prayer of a benighted world. The Jew smiles at the logic, and says, "I shall hang up Mary among my other pictures" t Be sure that what Its style, Your picture shall possess ungrudging, A place among my rank and file Of Ladas and whatnot-be Judged Just as a picture 1 (and because I fear me much I scarce have bought) A Titian), Master Bull's iii was Found there, will have the laugh flower ought The same tone of enlightened dissatisfac- tion with popular mythology is found in the remarkable verses called "Fears and ScrupleB." Here's my case. Of old I used to love him, This Banie unseen friend, before I knew. Dream there was none like him, none above him. is also to hope and trust my dream was true. ... Loved I not his letters, full of beauty? Not his actions, famous far and wide ? Absent, he would know I vowed him duty, Present he would find me at his side. The world bids him distrust his friend, hints that the letters are forgeries, and the heroic stories lies. They suggest even that the friend is a mean and cruel person who will be angry at being misunderstood. What and If he, frowning, wake you, dreamy Lay on you the blame that bricks conceal? Say "At least I saw who did not see me Does see now, and presently shall feel? "Why that makes your Friend of monster," say you, " Had his house no window - At first ned Would you not have hailed him Hush, I pray you, What if this friend happen to be -God 1 The collection includes a naval ballad as good as any of the writer's more celebrated Cavalier songs. We regret that we haven't space to quote it in full, It is the story of Herve Riel, the Breton pilot who saved the French fleet, and when asked to name his reward, asked leave to go ashore and kiss his wife. Go to Paris : rank on rank Reach the horses flung pell-mell On the Louvre face and II ink You Shall look long enough ore you come to serve Kio!. So, for silver CT,or woree, Hervd Bid, accept my views ! In my verse, Herve Riel, do thou once more Save the squadron, honour France, love thy wife, \- The Belle Aurora I " We think that Facchiorotto will be welcomed by all admirers of strong writing and vigorous thinking, As Mr. Browning and mire, he does not sing virginius picaresque, but of the loves, hates, and doubts of men. His poetry is indeed hardly fitted for young ladies' seminaries and Young Men's Christian Associations. There are other houses in the heart's city, however, into which Mr. Browning may enter, comforting and welcomed. " 'Tis said I brew stifF drink," says he, and in truth some of his verses are by no means than positions. It may be considered a sign of cynicism to confess to an aversion for tarts and gingerbeer, and yet there are many people whose stomachs are profligately capable of digesting stronger meat. Gentlemen who like speciale sherry and Gladstone claret, will find too much Brown- ing give them a headache in the morning, but the seasoned poetic toper will rejoice at the Burgundian bouquet of that sound and full-bodied vintage grown first upon the Italian hills in the days when Pippa sang her song beneath the Casa Guidi windows. In France (according to the Army and Navy Gazette) a committee of naval officers has been appointed, and a school of instruc- tion formed at Boyard ville, where both of Iii cora and seamen are made acquainted with the principles of submarine warfare. The French Minister of Marine is taking measures for the construction of torpedo defences around the various harbours, in case of need, and gun-cotton has been fixed upon as the most suitable material for charging the machines. No less than 200 tons of this material, it is said, has been purchased by our neighbours across the Channel from the Stowmarket Gun-cotton Works, and this large quantity is to be stowed away in magazines near the sea coast, to be available at any moment for the protection of ports and channels. Germany has also chosen gun-cotton for its torpedoes, and for some time past has been busy making this power ful explosive at a factory of her own in Silesia. At Wilhelmshaven and at Kiel there are torpedo depots and stores of electrical apparatus, but instruction In their nee does not appear so general among the German sailors as is the case in the French navy. 