The Storyteller. When Sparrows Build. WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER. CHAPTER I. There's where my heart is turning ever. "MOLLY, look! Here's an invitation from your father and Grace for a croquet on Tuesday, to see the last of Carnegie. It seems Tuesday, Carnegie. he's starting on his travels again before the month's out" " Can you go, Phil f' responded Mr. Mayne's cheerful, good-looking wife, coming round to his side of the breakfast table to read her father's note over her husband's shoulder. " That I wUI 1 Though I believe I ought to be at Donoaster to meet that fellow Wyndham about the horses that day ; but Fll put him off at anyrato. I wouldn't miss saying good-bye to old Edmund for a good deal; and a croquet at Bramleigh is always most agreeable—even," he added, with a profound bow to bis wife, "though Mistress Molly Everett no longer reigns there." " Very true, Phil.; but somehow Grace makes a much better hostess than ever Agnes or I would have dona Ivlon't know what there is about her. She doesn't talk half as much as I do, or keep the place so much alive perhaps, but she is always to the fore; never out of the way, and never in the way, and always says the right thing. Yes, yes; little G. is the best of the bunch." " I suppose I may be allowed to differ with Mra Mayne there, though G. is Al certainly; and Carnegie thinks so too, or I'm much mis taken." "Yes, that he does, but I am not by any means sure asto her views on the subject. But then I have not been to Bramleigh at ail, hardly, since he has been at home this time." The family at Bramleigh Manor, county Yorkshire, had been a large one, and the seven sisters were universally liked and appreciated by all the large neighborhood But three out of the seven had married early, and one, after a sad and suffering life, had gone to her rest; so that only three were left to take care of their father, old Squire Everett, an 4 with the help of Aunt Betty, as their chaperone, Miss Mun oaster, was called, to keep up the hospitalities for which Bramleigh had been so long famoua No son had ever come to carry on the line ; but Edmund Carnegie, who has been already spoken of, had done much to reconcile the Squire to a want that had been a real grief to him for many yean. And this wss the way he had become almost a son of the house: His father, Admiral Carnegie, was engaged in active service, at the time of Edmund's birth, and had left all. his affairs in the hands of his tried frien4 Mr. Everett, committing his young wife to Mrs. Everett's especial charge. The large old house on the Admiral's property was but a dreary abode for bis solitary and sickly wife, so that it came to pass that, a very few weeks after the Admiral's departure, Mrs. Carnegie was brought to Bramleigh to be looked after and taken care of, as Mra Everett and her daughters, little girls though they were, wall knew how. But that lasted not long ; for in the same terrible gale whioh wrecked Admiral Carnegie's ship, his heir wa* born and his wife's life passed away, leaving the newly-born baby at once fatherless and motherlesa Little thought those two, separated as they were—the Admiral, as he calmly gave up his life in the hope that others might be spared; the wife, ss she lay on her bed of suffering, praying for him and for his chiki, that they might find comfort in each other, and aU the happiness that earth could give—that that terrible night would be the last of both lives ; that both were crossing the narrow stream of Death together, to the land'where all sorrow and sighing shall have an end. Edmund never missed his parents, for father, mother, and sisters were well supplied to him in the family at Bramleigh, and so he had grown up among them, cared for as few sons— even only ones—are, and withal wisely and sensibly educate 4 Of course bis natural bent wss for the sea, and it was not oppose 4 for both the Everett's felt it would have been his father's wish. Their aim in bringing the boy up had been to carry out, as far as they knew how to do so, all the Admiral himself would have done. This was many years ago. Now, Mrs. Everett had long been dead; Edmund had made many voyages, and had come home to Bramleigh after each, ever to receive the same warm welcome ; and now, at eight-and-twenty, he found himself ordered off again for four years on the Pacific station. But this is all by the way; for, reader, you must come with me from Philip Mayne's house (the Kennels, ss it is not very euphoniously called), and away over-some miles of Yorkshire moor and mountain, tUI we catch the first glimpse of the great sea stretching away in front of us, and sparkling brightly in this glorious August sun, and then, there partly sheltered by the cliff on one side, and partly by that belt of weather-beaten old firs on the other, from the driving east wind, we come down upon Bram leigh lying bathed in sunlight, the picture of aU that is English, and peaceful, and homelike. It is a delightful old house, large and rambling, but at the same time the rooms are snug and cheerful, and there is nothing of darlrnaiin or gloominess there. There is a sound of practising coming from the drawing room, so we wUI only peep in at the windows as we pass, to see Peggy and Jean, the two youngest girls, hard at work over Storndale Bennett's exqmsiteOverture to the Naids, whilst Aunt Betty's knitting-needles move with light ning rapidity, and her work seems to grow longer even as we gaze. And now come this way to the room that is the kernel of the house, known in old days as the small withdrawing room—a name that han long given place to " the parlor"—a long room, rather low, and uncar peted, for the floor is of dark polished oak, with a parqneterie border, save that here and there are Indian mats, while in the bay window at one end is an enormous rug, where the chUdren love to bury themselves, story book in hand, in the short winter days, for here they can catch the very last rays of the setting sun. The room runs the whole length of one side of the house, ' so that there are windows on three sides. ' The bay window, with the great white rug at one end, at the other a similar window, filled just now with a gay stand of hothouse flowers, and then on the long side are three smaUer windows, each appropriated by some one member of the famUy. Grace is sitting there now, in her own special corner, with a heap of collars and other articles of outfit in front of her, which she marks and then passes to Edmund, who is standing with a hot iron in hand, to finish them off. In another window sits Squire Everett himself, reading The Times, and imparting scraps to inattentive hearers, and expending a good deal of unneces sary wrath upon the topics of the day. He is a young-looking man for his years, and has been a hard rider all his life, as one could almost tell by a glance at his trim well-buUt figure: but he says his hunting days are over now; and his daughters would be glad to believe it, for since he broke his bridle-arm and dislocated his shoulder, he has not his old power over his horse; and visions of their father brought home from the hunting field never to foUow hounds again, or to be in at any death, save his own, will occasionally force themselves upon the girls', minds. . Ednuum, tall for a sailor, i* a pleasant merry looking fellow, with no special claim to good looks except from his expression of beaming content and good nature. I don't like describing my characters too minutely; perhaps it is a task beyond me; but I confess never to have seen in real life the phenomena so often dwelt upon by novelists as peculiar to their heroes and heroines—large mild eyes, which can alternately change from depths of fiercest anger to an ex pression of unutterable tenderness; or a mouth, whose compression indicates the storm of passion raging within ; or again, a brow, ordinarily fair, smooth, placid—now marked with lines of intense anguish. These are peculiarities I cannot, being an eminently veracious author, and only given to writing "what I knows," enlarge upon; so my readers must form their own opinion of what these two are like, and if their view does not come up to the author's ideal, or materially differs therefrom in every particular, I, for my part, will submit to be be differed with. "Have you had many answers, Graoie, to the invitations for Tuesday}" asked bar father presently. "About sixty, father, I think; but there are some more to come yet When I have, done this marking I will make out the list Take care, Edmund, you will scorch, that!" "No, I think not; the iron is getting col 4 Do the Maynes come 1" "Yes, both of them; and Molly will sleep here. PhiL has to go to Donoaster next day, so he proposes to go home with the Bella, and sleep there, which wfll be all in hi* way." "I think I will go down to the Vicarage, acid lunch there perhsps, just to ceU Agnes and Horsley what the time is, and so forth. I suppose they won't stay for the dance ?" " Not a chance of it, Squire. , Brother Alfred thinks dancing sinful, and Agnes, who used to be the best dancer in England, follows suit, and repents of her sins, in that way, before Horsley illuminated her. Isn't it so, Graoie 1" "Alas! yes," said Graoie, laughing; "but I suppose she's right to respect her husband's prejudices; only, plesse papa, don't let Alfred talk you out of having a dance, because We have invited the people especially for that; and besides, Edmund must not be disappointed of his last piece of gaiety at Bramleigh." " Let Alfred talk me out of it, my dear I Why, I'll open the ball myself with old Lady Wilson— the only lady about here who knows how to dance, since Mrs. Young broke her neck." And sway went the Squire; a Httle bit hurt in mind at the suggestion of the possibility that his son in-law could talk him over in anything ; though the caution was a needful one, seeing that the Vicar had powers of persuasion which the old i man could seldom withstand, and whioh had more than once led to serious consequences, and almost a quarrel between the members of Bramleigh Hall and Bramleigh Vicarage. But if Mr. Horsley disapproved of dancing on prin ciple, he was devotedly fond of croquet, and no doubt was sble to detect many a subtle difference between the two popular modes of wasting time, which made the latter perfectly harmless and legitimate for a olergyman. "I don't think ms Reverence will do any harm this time, G.," observed Edmun4 as the Squire left the room. "The father loves a dance as weU ss ever." " I hope not, Edmun4 for I can't bear these quarrels. Alfred will interfere where he has no ■ right; and Agnes makes matters worse. But there! we are at peace now, so we may rest and be thankful." "And not be always on the lookout for squalls, eh, G.!" "You may laugh at it all, Edmun4 andj I daresay it seems childish enough, but I should ' be grateful to anyone who could teach Alfred that he is not to rule father and all of us by virtue of having married our sister. The Sqdire was very angry last time; he found that Alfred had actuaUy countermanded his own older*1 to Fairfax. I hope all clergymen don't make themselves as disagreeable as our Yorkshire ones do." "Luckily not; but you must take care that Horsley does not worry your father too much. Fortunately Agnes knows pretty well how much he can bear, and won't let her husband buUy him beyond certain limits. Still I don't think him nearly so strong now as when I first came home." " No, he is not He always feels the heat so much; and he is nearly two years older. Fancy our being left to the guardianship of the Rev. Alfred Horsley!" she went on, half tearfully, for Grace loved her father above everything; " that might be our fate—who knows ?" " ■ IV t you neyer Bnall be, if I can prevent it," said Edmund impulsively. But Grace shook her head doubtfully, and, gathering together the linen she had just finished marking, left the room quickly. Edmund stood at the window, looking out on the beautiful green slope in front, without seeing anything that was before him, and thinking vaguely of the family cares, which seemed to be thickening just as it was getting out of his power to help them, and then dwelling on the one thought which had been ever present, and all in all to him for many a long day,—the thought of Grace Everett herself, with its attendant fear lest after all she should love him only as he loved all his other, so-called, sisters ; and then and there he made up his mind that he would find that Out before he left He had been content enough to be at home all this time without seeking to disturb existing relations. They all spoUt him, he sai4 and made him so happy at home, but now that he was to leave them so soon, there came the wild longing to know the^ truth, and the desire to have his "Utile G." for his very own—one person in the world whom he might love, snd pray for, and cherish in his heart of hearts, and whose love snd prayers for him would be a protection and safeguard to him in the coming perils of the deep. "Yes," thought he, "I will wait only till after Tuesday. If anything happens to me this voyage, she will be safe from the possibiUty of Alfred's guardianship, by my will; but they might wonder and speculate more than she would like if I had not spoken, and she would perhaps not care to take advantage of my in tentions if I had never talked it over with her. At anyrato, something must be settled;" and looking round suddenly, he found Jean, the youngest of the family, a girl of sixteen, rather fixedly contemplating him. "Why, Edmund, you look as if I were a ghost!" "You don't look like one, Jean; there is much more of the impudent sprite about you. But when did you come in ? I didn't see you." "How should you when you were looking out of the window, and rubbing the glass as if you were trying to see which would wear out first— it or your fipger? What were you thinking of 1 Your ship, or your fair ladye?" " Aren't they one and the same, Jean, to the nautical mind ?" "No, N*4 not to yours; and the worst of it is," she went on gravely, coming close to him, " that I think you are playing a losing game." "That, Jean, remains to be proved ; there is uncertainty in everything; and though I may go to the bottom, as I might have done any time these ton years past, I can trust myself to old Dame Ocean without over much fear." "Stuff! You know as well as possible I didn't mean going to the bottom. Don't you think anyone has eyes, snd can see ss wsll ss possible that your snip isn't your fair lady*, and that she—the real fair ladye, I mean—is the onry person who doesn't f" "Child! what do you know about suoh things r "It's personal observation mostly ss does it," replied Jean, not very grammatically perhaps, whUe her nod and bright lopk at Edmund made him laugh outright; " only, though Faintheart and all. that sort of thing; may make a very good proverb, still there mustbe two parties to every transaction, and unfortunately one is wanting here, Two heads, you know, are better than one any day, and mine is a long way better than yours, because sty heart is safe and sound in my own keeping!" •fWhat a witch you are, child! J. wish you would talk sens*, snd behave like a discreet—" —"Young woman, I suppose you were going to say! only.you don't give me credit for being one; and as the dinner ball has rung, I'U relieve you of nonsense and presence alike, unless you wfll come too, and dream no more." EdmvuuL vaguely wondering where the child learnt her trick of observation, followed her out of the room. . [to as oontutded.} 