TURF GOSSIP. LBt Outsider. 1 The early intimation given by the South Australian Jockey Club of their next racing fixture will enable trainers to get their horses well into work for the approaching Spiing Meeting, which is set down for the latter end of September. This arrangement will exactly suit some of our leading stables, that will at that time have their horsec in training for the November Spring Meeting of the V.fi.0. at Flemington. Like l&et; year, the September Races of the S.A.J. Club will be only one day. The deficiency, if any, in the sport mil be made good by the Adelaide Hunt Club holding their annual Steeplechase Meeting two days after. The interest which is attached to our May Meeting will to a great extent be missed ia September, from the fact that no Melbourne horses will be able to pay us a virit at that particular time of the year, so that we shall be lef i to the alternative of racing amongst ourselves. But for sail that, there is no reason to fear from the number of good horses at our command but that a first-class day's racing will be the res ult. The programme which has been issued by the Club, is arranged in such a manner as to suit nearly all classes of horses accustomed to the turf. The ball will open with the Maidens, a sweepstakes of 5 eovs. each, with 50 sovs. added; one mile. Then comes the South Australian Jockey Club Derby of 100 so Vs., with a sweep of 15 so vs. added, entrieB for which closed with 26 nominations some months ago, out of which number no doubt a very good field of three-year-olds will put in an appearance, and Presumption, Pride of the Hills, and Neckersgat, wil] fight their battles over again. The trainers of these three colts are alike sanguine as to the issue, so that a fine set-to may be looked for towards the finish of this race. The Selling Kace is a sweepstakes of 4\. sovs. eaeb, with 50 sova. added, one mile aad a half, the selling oonditions and allowances being similar to those which have been run under the S.A. J. Club. The great race of the day will be the City -Handicap of 10 «svs. each, with 10O sovs. added, one mile and three quarters and 132 yards. A large number of horses will be nominated for this race, and if the handicapper should be f ortuuateenough to appor tion the weights satisfactorily, a good field and a fast rade should be the result. The Shorts of 20 sovs , half a mile, weight; for age ; aad the Hacks of 15 sovs., a mile and a half, oatoh weights, concludes the programme. Nomina tions for the City Handicap, with a fee of 1 sot., and entranc3 of another sov., must be in the hands of the Secretary before 4 o'clock on Monday afternoon, the 31st July, weight deolared on the 10th August, and acceptances made -good by 4 o'clock on the afternoon of general entry, the 7th September. On the 7th A ugast entries will also have to be made for the following :— South Australian St. Leger and. Two-Year-Old Stake?, Autumn Meeting, 1877 ; and the South. Australian Derby, Spring Meeting, next year. These three events are under the same rules and conditions as for merly. 7h 3 Melbourne Cup weight*, published last week, have given anything but satisfaction both here and in Melbourne, and, from what I hear, I believe there is every probability of some of our best horses being among the absentees on the day of acceptance, through being outweighted as compared with others ' that have been more leniently dealt with. The most favored of the South Australian division are Superstition and Venus* at -6 at. 12 lbs., and Pride of the Hills at 6 at. 4 lbs, The first named should, if fit on the day, be able to make something of a show in the Cup with that weight. As regards the o har nominations from here, I don't believe they will stand a ghost of a chance. However, when the accep tances are deolared a' better estimate will be formed of Mr, Barnard's handiwork, j It will be remembered that a few days prior te the last: May Meeting Mr. W. Hutchison's promising colt Terlinga broke down at Hilton n ene of his final gallops. At the time th* injury he received was considered to be of » trivial nature, and it has been decided to throw him out of work for a few months. A few weeks ago he was sent to Melbourne, consigned to the care of Mr. W. R. Dakio, for the purpose of being trained for the V.K.O. Spring Meet ing. I hear, however, that on oloser inspection what was considered at first to be a slight sprain of his near fore leg, turns out to be more serious, 10 much so, that it is thought his career on the turf Is at an end. Being a fashionable bred horse, -a con of Luolfer and Black Gipsy, the dam of Pride of the Hills, for his services at the stud, no doubt he will be found to be a valuable acquisition. The Murxumbldgee Turf Club's programme, for the first week in December, appears in last week's Auttralasian. On the first day will be run for the Wagga Wagga Gold Oup, valued at 100 sovs., the gift of John Cox, Esq., with 1,000 gulneai added from the Club, together with a sweep of 10 sovs. each ; two miles. There are also a Grand Stand Handicap of 300 sovs. ; a Maiden Plate of 125 sova. ; Town PJate of 500 bovs. ; and some of the other minor events have been very liberally looked to. Such an attractive programme as this will surely command the attention It deserves from all those in any way interested. The nominations for the Gold Cup close on the 1st August. 