C O O E E ! ! A STORY OF YANDOIT. Thirty years ago the still sun-flood of the wilderness fell, lighting with its warmth and beauty the wen green vallies and smooth grassy hills of Yan- doit, with the same brightness and equal radiance that now dwells on its upturned earth and white gleaming tents— that mirrors itself on its yellow pools and broken stream, and glints from bark trunks and tall massive trees. The clear brook ran past, reflecting back the over hanging sun in myriad sparklings, cradling in its bed the deep azure of the summer sky, and reproducing there the white convolvuli of its banks, that clambered to the light on green overhanging shrubs, to lift their creamy petals to sun and beauty, and catch the stirring air that knew no other sounds save the notes of the wild bird, the shrill whoop of some savage tribe, or the whisperings of the forest's voice. On one of these evenings, when the sun had set with a wondrous beauty, when the trees were losing their yellow glow, growing grey and sombre in the coming gloom, when the stream grew sullen and dark beneath the surrounding shadows, the heavy solitude was startled by the sharp rifle- like crack of a whip piercing strangely the hitherto unbroken stillness. Soon the slow muffled sounding of approaching wheels was heard, then the hoarse deep voice of the driver broke, for the first time for ages, the stirred echoes with the language and execrations of the white man. There was something oppressive in the calm that bore his voice far into the thick dark forest, something fearful in the numberless iterations that threw back mockingly his passionate exclamations, and gloomy in the ceaseless, monotonous wail of the watercourse, that came tum bling down from precipice to precipice amongst the yawning fissures of its bed. The bullock-dray had only one occupant, who was seated on the top of a pile of articles each as settlers require in the distant bush, and more especially in the migratory journeys made by many of them, when searching for new homes in the unexplored recesses of the wilderness. Mrs. Henley was the wife of the origi nator of the expedition, one well qualified for the dangers and hardships of a life of wandering and vicissitude, and emi nently fitted to bear unflinchingly its disappointments and privations, possess ing as she did, the pure, unceasing love of the heart's first passion towards him for whom she had left friends and happi ness for a far, uncertain home. She it was who was seated in the dray, under the charge of James Knight, the driver, one who had for many years been their servant in Adelaide, and notwithstanding his roughness and calling, proved him- self on more than one occasion to be both faithful and attached. "I think, ma'am " said the man, bring ing his team to a halt as he addressed her, "We may camp here to-night. The master said he'd overtake as by sundown, and if we get far into the ranges he won't be able to find us, and he as like as not to lose himself." " I think so, too, Knight ! but before unyoking the bullocks, make a large fire, that he may the more easily guide his course by it" . " That's easy done ; plenty timber here ; but will you come down first ?" Knight helped the lady to the ground, and proceeded to kindle a fire, tbe ruddy, glare of which shone far through the long, white trees, shedding around a warm, cheerful light, and an undefined shadowing farther out on frowning rocks aud scattered patches of thick, glistening shrubs. The tired bullocks were soon released from their yokes, spreading themselves in the falling darkness over the luxurious herbage, the sounds of their bells ringing clear and musical above the moanings of the stream, or the mysterious whisperings of the trees. " I'll go for some water farther down, ma'am; I'm afraid to trust myself! amongst these rocks in tbe dark," said the servant, who approached with a large wooden bucket on his arm that he had taken from the dray. "Don't be long away, Knight," she responded, fearfully. " You remember we saw the remains of some native camps as we came along today, and it's possible there may be some tribe near the place still. " " I'll not be long," he replied ; " blacks don't wander of a night ; but if anything happens," he continued, laughing, that he might reassure her, " I'll cooee." The lady, who now felt anxious con cerning the return of her husband and party, which consisted of four horsemen and his own servants, was busying her self in taking from the dray such articles aa might be required for their evening meal, and getting, as far as possible, everything ready for their arrival. She looked timorously after the retreating figure of her servant, and felt a creeping thrill of fear as his sturdy figure be came lost, to view beyond the glimmer ings of the fire. Her preparations being ended, the young wife turned to a book she had been reeding and seating herself par tially beneath the shadow of the waggon, tried to pass away the time until the return of her husband. It was a book of all others the most suited to her situation, one that contained within its pages promises of rest and protection for the wanderer; and a home where all dangers would be past; and trials and sorrows find no abode. At night and morning since her childhood she had studied the precepts, and found it now solace. She read long and earnestly, trying to crush down the gathering fears that were crowding to her heart by ap-. plying its texts of comfort and assurance ,to herself, and casting her cares on Him who had promised. Gradually firelight dimmed, and she reclined back against the dray wheel, under a strong feeling of drowsiness that began to steal over her. She. tried to rduse hejsel io; watch fae.cnhn. jbeanty.:&'.fte np by .(he mlvery. goiy pf "the frill November mbon. lying puroand still on the slum- bering trecs, wd pbeqtferfng th heavy duidow.tiie wfrinoofaiiHk:''.' , Her rieep wjm brokeo and disturbed, if deep it. co/dd he calledi; itiriri snore a torpid fading -of ' eurrowding danger an anriinm lodging, ictinii ; the mind to vrakefalneg againBt the fr ictiraty pf the hy, withjan rrindriuied'. snsejof dread hbwsi 'cyar':5teafe n this dreamy: 'Btatepie Beemato7;:lte r -:iaintive; mthe sfream, coupled with the sounds of hunying feet; merging again into the footfalls of her husband's horse, that seemed ever coming nearer and then dying away. Then she seemed to see the whole party rush by her, signing as they passed but making no noise; so close that she could feel the air stirred by the swiftness of their speed. She tried to call on them, to make some noise that they might hear her and return. She straggled and writhed beneath the heavy, thralling torpor, and awoke — awoke with a heart sinking with terror, with every nerve strong to its utmost tension. James Knight had not returned. "Knight!" Her voice seemed feeble and tremulous, as though she feared it to go forth on the horrible silence. She could not call again. Rising hurriedly to her feet, with limbs trembling beneath her, but master ing her weakness by a strong effort of the will, she walked beyond the glare cast by the fire, in the direction where he -had disappeared. Mrs. Henley had no ideaof the length of time she had been in this half-torpid state, bnt she could see theVnoon was high, almost in the zenith, and she-must have remained so a long time. " Why does not Knight ' come back.i" She repeated to herself the question, time after time, until thejfemembrarte of the "cooee," she seemed to have heard when reclining beside the dray, caihe upon her tike an ice-breath, slowly, stdrt- ingly — till her blood felt cold and.chilly, although the drops of perspiration were standing on her face and hnnds. She tried to listen; there wpte no other sonnds on the night to prevent the slightest noiBe being heard distinctly, all was calm and beautiful ; the broad moon light lay with ita ghastly silver every where falling around the white branch less trees, breaking into white tracery on the glittering foliage, dancing silently to the murmuring of the stream, casting shadows around the high, overhanging rocks ; and the far clear stars looked down with soft trembling eyes, still and changeless ; the moon it seemed to fol low her everywhere with its thin ghost like smile. She longed to shriek out, feeling it would relieve her, wishful to break the heavy solitude that was weighing down her heart and brain ; she would go to the dray, get nnder its shadow — any place where she might escape the elfin light, and try to sleep. "Sleep, oh, I cannot ! Why is Knight not come back % My hnsband, why are you not here! Hearken!. I hear a sound of something — there it is — tramp, tramp ; they are coming at last, thank Qod ! perhaps they could not find me sooner — there it is again, plainly, pal pably." Yet the sound came no nearer; though the distant regular noise continued plainly as ever it did, it did not ap proach. Alas ! young wife, it was but the beating of your own heart. Mrs. Henley was returning to the camp with every eense in that rushing whirl that always follows an acute nervons trial, when there came, faintly trembling, it is true, bnt stirring strangely the silence, disturbing by its sound the very night — the "cooee" of her dream. It was too much — there was danger now. Oh, how treacherous was the solitude, how fearful the calm, that shrouded the dark veugefal stroke that. Lid tfas Seed -LlotxIJ What danger might not her -husband he in f She' walked totteringly from vety fear, and ere gaining the fire sank overcome near a huge charred log, with all sense and feeling merged into one great wish to hear. "Cooee !" — clear, full, tauntingly, in unnatural exultation, from the vety tree above her head, the sound came, beating back with a cruel buffet the high pulsations of her heart; and smiting tbe swimming brain. She fainted, as the rustling of the foliage and whirr of wings announced the flight of the night bird (or mopoke), uttering its strangely human notes until lost in the distant forest. When Knight left his mistress, he proceeded a considerable distance down tbe stream, that he might find a spot from whence he could more easily draw the water. Not suspecting danger,- be walked leisurely along, surveying from time to time the places he passed with his team, noting as far as possible the characteristics of the country where his master had signified his intention of taking np his new abode ; he saw not the dark form of a blackfellow that warily followed his footsteps, gliding after him from tree to tree, stepping over dead branches, and moving along the grassy turf with the silence and speed of a spirit. Apart from its thrilling interest, it was a curious thing to note with what certainty and quick- ness he fallowed tbe white man, never betraying, by the rustling of a leafj or the slightest sonnd incidental to a mis- taken step, hiB close proximity. Perhaps some feeling akin to warning, -that is never distant from the Bpirit in its moments of danger — some foreshadowing of oar higher natar made Knight pause. He looted hurriedly round — not that he beard anything bnt witi'An undefined feeling that (here might be danger lurk- ing near, that the place; strange to him, might be the abode of tribes aslfavless «nd savage as nearly all others were in the early days of the colony ; he pehred inbMteglgpjt! j bnshedand qmet; into aonndmet Ids" wrAtotln continuous murmnr bf the water. HtOop- ing on the bankj te was about to%ink bis bucket in the stream, _vrh«m his pursuer, rapid as thought; reemed to xtetttnp beande him— bis arah was raised ifaa descended heavily, «a he brinigbt hie mace or waddie down ' wito" terrific force on the bead of the nearly prostrate man. Wilh riaikness before his -qyes, and bis senses almost gone, be sprang forward instinctively to avoid the dan ger. Half leaping, half falling,, be found himself standing pit a small bed of stones' on the opposite side of tbe little river, beneath the darter .shade of -the thick prickly tea-free. Trying to see 'front - whom he had' received the blow, he' gazed, as intently as his fruling senses wonld allow him, at the place, butaaw nothing, heard ho noise, although re maining motionless a long time— the spot seemed as rilent and deserted .as before. Eearfuldf ijbsmg altogether . the senses that were deserting ium, he al lowed himself to rink noiselessly on the. stones, that he might rest himself, and, hpy, bathe his head wilh the cooling waters ; for be felt ' tbe hot blpod iozitig ' from Jhe tepnha; sand jsafarating riothte, Having bathed Uw epot with as little noise as possible; he was in the act of trying to regain the camp, when he saw a Bight that quenched the dim light of bope with a sickening prospect of death. From beneath the shadow of a giant gum tree, the naked form of a savage seemed to glide with poised spear, and cautious step ; his figure looming black and sombre against the clear bine sky, studded with its thousand stars, ready to finish the work he had began. Knight fait he was doomed ; he knew his enemy saw him, and was certain he could expect no mercy — experience had tangbt bim this. Springing np with a desperate effort be cooee'd load and long, startling for a moment his murderer. It was bnt for s moment ; the cast spear flew towards the victim, burying itself deep into his side. With a whoop the savage sprang after bim. as he staeeered up the slightly precipitious bank, in a faint hope of evading his pursuer : but he had scarcely gained the level ground when he fell, from weakness, heavily, among the brush wood that lined the stream. A long time passed away, long even to the dying man, who could hear the wandering footsteps of his enemy in circles round the place. The cold, hope less suspense at last ended, and James Knight died beneath the tomahawk of his foe'; still faithful, it was there the servant sent forth foe warning sonnd that crept like a shiver up the rocky stream, among the listening trees, through the hashed night; and down on the heart of his mistress. When Mrs. Henley awoke to conscious ness, the soond of strange voices fall aronnd her — the wild unintelligible in tonations of the native language rang in her ears like a knell of doom. Shnddar- ingly she closed her eyee again, fearful of seeing something that would speak too strongly of her husband's and ser vant's fate. Trying to remember the subsequent occurrences of the evening, her feelings of fear and terror returned with renewed strength, rendering her for the moment powerlesB, beneath the dread of finding her worst anticipations realised. When she could gather strength to look towards the fire, she was prepared for the worst, and although her heart stood still, she gazed recklessly amongst the group, wishful to end at once the acute agony of suspense that was to her worse than death. Five B&tives; were seated around the fire, their forms indistinctly seen by the dying embers; one. was addressing the others with fierce gestures, explaining his recent exploit with the white man, pointing from time to time to a spear and tomahawk that lay,beaide him; their .figures seeming to start into gigantic proportions, ' as the sinking flames lit np their dark glistening bodies. Scat- toed on the ground were the various contents of the dray, which the savages at intervals turned to examine, express ing the while their different emotionB of surprise aud pleasure. While pursuing their discoveries, there fell from out a bundle they were trying to unloose,, one of those small circular mirrors that have since become so common. Its bright sparkling, when reflecting back the light ofthe fire, caught at the same time the eyes of two of the natives ; both sprang forward, eager to possess the prize ; both grasped it at almost the same instant, with mutual hate in their countenances —with defiance lowering from their gUtteriugyes ; a moment and their black trade' farms were twisting and coiling around each other, in a deadly straggle — both unarmed, yet both men of powerful build, they strained with all the power of their savage natures to gain the gleaming toy. Breathless, striving, they warped and staggered from their com panions to some distance from the place, locked in each other's arms, from which the strong muscles sprang like cordage : mingling together their hot breaths, breast to breast, they fell across the half- reciining form of the white spectator. Clear, thrilling, piercing, was the shriek that rang from the yobng wife : away, away, far down amongst the lone Yandoit hills it flew, catching back the echoes as it sped, until it rolled wide over the qniet plains, with a volume of start ling sound " Cooee 1 " This time it was np illu sion — this time it came from a full manly voice, taken up by numbers more, until the wooded dells reverberated with the cry, bringing terror to tbe blacks, and safety and her hnsband to her. It is almost needless to state that Henley did not settle there, or that his wife ever forgot the night spent by her at Yandoit, and called for many a year after, Knight s Fall. N. W. S. 