CHURCH OF ENGLAND BISHOPS V. NEW TESTAMENT BISHOPS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &c.;, J. A. HAMILL. Geelong, 8th June. SIR.—Before answering "L over of Truth, "let me correct the name of Henry VIII. for that of James I., in the Statement: “Henry VIII. forbid the transls tors of the common version to trinalake episkopos and baptize.” - Ilr ought to have been , James I.,.King of England. Whatever Henry VIII. may have told, Cranmer to, do .in translation, the . above idea, came from James I.- He gave the translators 14 rules, the 3rdpf which was:—“The old ecclesiastical words to be kept; as the word church, not to be translated con gregation, &c.;” (See 'Lewis’ “ History of the English Translations of the Bible.") James knew well that episkopos meant ovetseerj :; and was synonymous iwith. elder. He well knew that there was no such thing or To|Boer in the : New Testament ! as an English bishop. he told Whitgift, hiaarohbishop,- “.We must not allow the people to know that you and.my .bishops, are hot in the New Testament,-so do hot* translate 1 episkopos; but always make it bishop, and we shall be. kept in countenance./’, . Whitgift .replied, “ You speak ■by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost!”' ’(See also'what ‘ took place in Hampton Court with the King, -Whit- ■ gift; and Bancroft,-, which, is.found in .Hr Warner’s “Ecclesiastical History.”) Before this, when James was;in Scotland in 1590, he expressed himself strongly -' opposed to the English. “ Kirk." and English bishops, but! when he came to the conclusion that “no bishop, no king,” though he was certain such men were unknown in the Scriptures, he.told Whit gift “not to translate episkopos," but “always make it bishop,” and so deceive the people that be and his bishops “ migbt;,bo,kegt iu,couutenance.’' Therefore, it was not too strong tj say of the “ Dean of Mel bourne,” when advocating English bishops from the New Testament, ; that “he surely, calculated on the ignorance of his hearers,” which King James acknow ledged in his instruction to Whitgift. “.Lover of Truth” says, “Only imagine our .lordships, Bishops Thornton and O’Connor, working with their own hands like other. men 1" What better, are they morally thSh 11 *'other 'men ? Are they not as wordly in grasping for money as others ? Paul “ wrought”. at “ tout-making” for his own support; and are they better than he? (See Acts xviii., 3.j But “ What would become of the Church or kingdom of God, over which these men .are, ordained overseers?” ■But these men are not, nor Were any like them ever "ordained, over; ‘‘ thej Church-,,-or. kingdom -of. God.” The Church of Christ knows of no such men, as my former letters show, but an entirely different class of men. English and-Romish belong to dif ferent institutions than’ that of the Church of Christ; that of which Df Thornton is a bishop had no exist ence before Henry VIII., and the Papacy had none before Boniface 111., who was the first pope in 606; but the Church .of Christ existed from the first cen-" tuty, and is a-totally different institution; 1 For,■'•dan a church which has the Queen, for its head, Parliament for its to degislators t ,;the, prayer- book for,its guide, and, water-regenerated persons for its members,' and which is |of this,, wodd—pfthe State—be the Same as, that institution" which has the' Lord/ Jesus'Chrisf for its head, the apostles for its'legislators, the Bible for its guide,,, twice-born. people for its members, and which is hot : of this : world?,” 'And-a church which has one bishbp’,'overYa'"plurality ’of ! churches cShhot be the* sameasthaVwhich his ! a "plurality of overseers over each local assembly. Surely no one of -any scriptural, enlightenment will' confound things 'so directly dif-,' sferehti' The ’sooner'a class"of' men claiming divine; sanction yet unknown in the.Bible;'shall be' looked u^h^’dS^v^’pr'de^nng;the better it,will bofor: society' and'Lub 'glory of bur common' Lord.' Eut “ Lover. oLTruth" thinks I have forgotten that “ The.' laborer is worthy of his hire,” or reward; I have not These words are'applied to a plurality'of-elders in the Church at'Ephesus, (Ist Timothy, i.,;3, 4,17,18), and defined to be;“dqubie honor”—not. pecuniary ' sup--; port. But, “ where,- is ‘the. book, chapter, and'.yersej, for Mr it’s. doctrine, that bishops,should work' with thehu.psnJti.andg_for.'their.'own support 1” ' Hera it' is—“Take' heed to' to’all" fhe'flobk,- over the which the made you over seers (episkopos), to. feed.the .Church* ofGod, which He hath purchased with His own blood. For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves sinter iu among you, not sparing the flock. . . I have";coveted hb man’s silver, or gold,' or apparel.' Yea; ye yourselves know that these hands have ministered unto my,neccasities,. and to them that were with me. I have showed you aU things, how that so laboring, ye ought l to" support the weak and to' remember the. wbrda<ot.'theiLord,-Jesus,,how.he said, ;“It is more. blessed, to give, than .to receive.’’.-. Acts, xx., 28 —35. But’everyone'knows that English bishops practice the opposite to this.’ Their'conduct'says, “It is more blessed to receive than to give." But is “Episco palian ” silenced ? Why does ha not reply? If he does not it must be because he cannot. I say this because' it ’ fa'with” thiifreader of the" “’Greek" aud English Testaments .’’.that I ana especially concerned. I; hope, therefore,, He'will' enlighten* the 'people .by fpro.ying’his statements or withdrawing them. ”* 