-55man catholic GUILD HALL. I * ovMiin^, the new haU of the Australian Holy I OS rt^ild^S T formally opened by Archbishop ? £gth™c fj-here was a VPrv numerous audience, lue I Yang?*11- f? RS veli ag its platform and gallery, being I -jp»cions ^ApA There were probably about fifteen I #1)1*1?. C™J*' present. Many who were unable to obtain I i«tf^£i ;„ ihe centre aisle throughout the evening. I #«ts d°-*L *5 Manony. chaplain, presided, and arnons the vu''''-' Ri-rnfr Mr. n. iBViur, iu.ua., j.u.i. »i . ^«jK'- Mr- p- Mahon' J-R Mr- J- KbU, Mt-J T'Mr J Garvan, Mr. J. J. Moore. Mr. A. ' W^-a'Je' 'Deiii M'Carthy, Rev. Mr. Carroll, Rev. Mr. ! *oortV fllv Mr Binstield, Mr- E. Ellis, Mr. A. Irving i^iifam' Brady (Warden of the Guild), Mr. E. Sr WW^Jj j, Eubiei Re^ D. P. Quirk) B- * r CarroU. Prior Dwyer, Eev. Mr. Slattery, Dr. ^ Y^r«m-ll.Dr. Gilhooley, Dr. M'Doneugh, Mr. E. »%^d?BOT. Mr. Peter, Dr. Ma'oaey ; Mr. J. Brady, rtfeonfMr. Roberts, R2v. Mr. Leonard, Mr. J. fffffldmnr. Mr. J- DeUo (Warden of the Parramatta SiSTB-'' M8loaey -Warden of the Windsor j?t 8 o'clock Archbishop Vaughan entered ths hall, and received with enthusiastic cheers, the Imperial Band jJthe leadership of Mr. C. Vincent, stationed near the Ami oi the platform, playing the National Anthem. The ch aie man said that, on behalf of the Guild, it was lTaraivilege to ask the Archbishop formally to declare the Siionen His Grace as well as the ladies and gentlemen *SmTjBt see that this hall was an honour to the Guild |e well as an ornment to the city. His Gbace (having formally declared the hall to be opened) said that he appeared before the large audience which now met his eye, at the request of the Warden and Council of the Holy Catholic Guild, who ted done nim the honour of requesting him to open the spacious Hall (of which he had laid the foundation-stone some twelve months ago), by giving a lecture on any subject which he thought fit to select. He accepted the 4fier in the spirit in which it had been made, and felt closure in identifying himself with those solid and Catholic principles on which he believed the Guild was founded. Besides, he deemed it a dutv, when a fair ?opportaity was afforded him of telling wholesome truths and of giving sound advice to people in whom he felt an interest, not to let that fair opportunity slip by, either thiough sloth on his part, or from fear of the criticism of opponents. Indeed, himself he did not care to hold prin ciples which would not stand the rough usages of the openest warfare, or which would collapse and fall to pieces when they were moBt required to stand their ground ; and as for sloth, which in this climatB had many votaries, he toped, so long as he had health of body and brain, to keep (hat enemy at bay, and to spend himself and to be spent in the service of Christianity and in the interests of the people. Suoh being the case, the next question was, 'What is ' the lecture to be about ?' He had already confided to them this much, that it was concerned with 'Hidden Springs;' though, at the same time, he candidly confessed that those two mysterious woiob conveyed scant information to the mind. But for that very reason he insisted that they illus trated all the better the subject upon which he was about to speak. The large assembly which he Raw before him was most assuredly drawn together by some one attraction com mon to them all. Each man and woman present had been acted on by some force or influence or Hidden Spring, secret from the eye, and beyond the reach of the hand ; guided by its influence they left their homes, converged upon that bSlding, entered that hall, and were now prepared to listen to a discourse regarding the subject-matter of which they possessed but the vaguest information. Sow. the whole universe, said the speaker, is moved by Hidden Springs, or unseen influences. From the sleepless universal operation of gravitation to that movement in - the heliotrope which turns it to the Bun : from the myste rious laws which regulate the milky, way to those which govern the fern-fronds, ice-stars, and saline crystals of our planet ; from the highest star on the iorehead of night to the lowest gem in the boeom of ocean — everything is hidden fiom us, except outward operations and sensible phenomena. Du Boie Reymond, who said he scanned the whole heavens, with a telescope and found no God ; and Lawrencp, who remarked that on opening the brain with a scalpel he found no soul — simply declare in their own language a fact, patent to any thinking man, namely, that the world of matter and the world of spirit have more in them tian the lense or the knife can discover ; and that science, when the microscope, the telescope, and the test wbehave done their utmost, has, after all their scrutiny, to declare that were they to probe ' Deeper than did ever plummet sound,' they would be as far from the initial forces, the Hidden springs of the Universe as they were when they began. And as that which builds and weaves and quickens all matter is invisible, impalpable ; so it is with the master lorces which eway that great world of man which makes op the human family. The actions of mankind, from that oay on which a solitary pair trod the green slopes of Eden «- t&e; present day, with its countless nationalities and ?BJMiy-sided civilizations, aTe catalogued and compared in wnat are called the annals of the world ; but underneath tteso actions, as the root is underneath the flower, as the ?°™ «* concealed within the clock, energize those hidden loroes which are at once -their origins and their explanations. «oitnat the complicated movements on the world's wide ?«mT ?' 'ways or ever set in motion by simple operations, fhn la8nences fiw generally manifold and divergent, awoeated by antagonistic impulses, which turn the direct ™°»°tt into curves, zigzags, and diagonals, creating such ««»tnc velocities as at times absolutely to defy the . we™* o£ man. Still, there is generally to be found in Av2«^e £Ome 8t»ady master- pressure urging in one ««ctton, and that so powerfully, that the vortices and 2«ri ^counter-streams and cross-currents, are carried '»«£ witt it ; and in spite of opposition and confusion, ^JJPPearances to the contrary for a time, it fixes the makla ' ?'* &veB; ite diction to generations of fah^l.*086 master-springs which, whilst theymain ]X^ety,m }** present status, are not without their ? cental 'S.016 ''Kvidual heart. It was evident that such and ™»^- ™Be mtl8t be intimately bound up with moral ' BmnSSfl0?8 V^uple ; for no other powers possess that ^'waent force and that piercing character necessary for SevXS? tob(malit«*- for creating civilizations, and for wEf °r 8twitine ae spiritual elements of man. and i£j P^P08^ then to do this evening was to uncover the firfray ftree en»t Hidden Springa of this description ; ttaSiJ fining and directing that old world which is ^?m and gone; the eecond, wholly different from the *BU »ii P0.8''^ its setting, and its workmanship, which Vh 'S* ***** »«» present equilibrium; and the third, ^J«Mttough not yet possessed of its full power of leverage, and^rfv'1 the background, threatens to come forward ifiWMM^ TP1?*** courses of the world. Of the past ttete.fo^yi.tttlittle: for th-e Pas* ' gone; and where ^w^£- ereletitlie: but the «o?f, said the speaker, «5jIlJmk8di and is of enormous interest, not impremVr Mf00^1?* of ite present attitude, as because of its *- Sav in « tnre« aai **» Pa' is of necessity je bound «t* TnL „ Ve mou'dinge of the coming race. And aowevnTL woman, and each child it may be said, ?ewrte 1 ¥£? OT .iterate, however humble or solitary, ^eareV^/T lnfltt-»ce, good or evil, on the future: ^and™Lbrothere' keepere: and forces that impinge Ju^mJf%m generation. Hence, no life is utterly A«4aeal1^ ' no P°TO ever wholly thrown away, a ttwW tT6 Pre8ent ^ad tneir part to aot, high or low, ttefcep« ^«-!:S,they tne^. that they could not shirk tfla Qtovr «i.Vi2 ^ ev-en now at this moment weighing snouldets ; such being the case, he thought it would be a useful and an instructive thing to Uy bare the Hidden Springs that movtd the world, to point out their nature, display their effects, and indicate the attitude those who love God and what is best in man should assnme in their regard. Indeed, no thinker animated by a genuine love of bis kind, no man identifyinghiajself with the people among6t whom his lot is caBt, and seek ng their highest happiness and ready to use such ability ae he had to serve them, according to his humtle view, could have suggested a subject more pregnant with mo nentous interests, more central to the heart, or more likely to suggest guidiuce for the future— a future in which their deepest interests might easily be jeopardised, in which much light, courage, and direction might suddenly be required. He did not propose to treat the subject as a theologian, so much as a philosopher ; not so much even as a churchman, as a citizen of no mean city ; as one possessed of an un feigned affection for and interest in his fellow-colonists, especially those who found their homes in that bright spot in which it was his happiness to dwell ; and those still more especially who were supporting him and surrounding him that night. Everyone there present could not be expected to agree with each detail of his argument : that was in evitable ; but he entertained little &\- ubt that w the main, in the general current ef his disquisition, read'ng men, and especially thinking men, — men who mediated much though they talked little— would follow him with approval ; and feel compelled, through the influence of facts and forces, to fall in, though they might have wished it otherwise, with his general conclusions. , I. Castirgon one side,then,all secondary and minor sources or springs of action, the three master forces of the past, the present, and the future can be summed up in three words — Paganism, Supernaturalism, and Materialism. Now these terms are as yet, so far as we are concerned, mere words, which may signify anything or nothing. Let us draw some definite meaning from them by the help of a common mea sure : so that, thus, whilst we bring out their true signifi cance, we may, at the same time, by throwing them into contrast, gain a firmer hold of their external shell, so as all the more searchingly to probe their hidden kernel. And, first, these thiee words are used to connote and call before the mind three great religious or moral positions in which vast masses of mankind are found, and that for so consi derable a etason ae, for the time, to be held as permanent. The origins or Hidden Springs of these three especial con* ditions of humanity are then what we are in search of, and desire to analyze. We will probe beneath the surface, and expose the secret root ; and point out the source of those movements which threaten the future, or which, have already been acted out on the stage of life, before all eyes, and aie recorded in the history of the world. Let us now take our common measure, and gauge these influences and cc ntrast them. Religion, then, appears to be made up mainly of three elements; first, the idea of God; secondly, the idea of man, and his relation to his God; this relation comprising a syt-tern teaching what to believe and what to do ; that is depma, including mysteries ; and ethics, or a scheme of moiale ; and, thirdly, a form of worship, or a cult us. If by comparison we discover the relations in which Pagan ism, Superaaturalifm, and Materialism stand to these three elements which make up religion and momlity, we shall have a chance of getting at their centre-cell, or inmost core, or Hidden Spring ; and through a threefold comparison of them, by throwing them in con* rant or in harmony, as the case may be, we shall gain tome knowledge of their funda mental differences, and appraise them at their intrinsic value. It is evident that a society or nation will be greatly moulded according to its practical idea of religion and morality ; and will take its tone and temper from what it is taught to admire, reverence, and adore ; as well from the view it entertains of its own imperfection and dependency. As a man's God is, so will man be ; as he knows hims-ilf as he really is, so will he stand a chance of perfecting his nature, and fulfilling his destiny ; as a nation adores, so will it be developed ; and according to its truthful vision of itself will it fall or rise in the scale of moral power. If a people's god be like to Typhon, the people will be gloomy; if it resembles Moloch, it will be cruel; if the Paphian Venus, the people will melt away into softness and effeminacy. And if they do not understand their own deficiencies, their wound in natuie, they will, assuredly, sooner cr later, make shipwreck, and founder with all sails eet; or die of a disease which they were either too proud to acknowledge, or too gross-minded to discover. Let us rapidly throw our tape across this Paganism, not so much as an object of present interest, but because we shali thus be the better able to understand the character and position of those other two hidden springs with which we are principally concerned. First as to its divinities: 'The gods of the Pagans,' Bays De Quincey, 'were wicked natures; but they were natures to be feared and to be propitiated ; they were fierce, they were moody, and (as regards man who had no wings) they were powerful. Once accredited as facts, the Pagan gods could not be regarded as other than terrific facts ; and thuB it was that in terror, blind terror, as against power in the bands of divine wickedness, arose the ane'ent religions of Paganism. Because the gods were wicked, man was religious, because Olympus was cruel, earth trembled, because the divine beings were the most lawless of Thugs, the human being became the most abjeot of sycophants.' Again : ' The gods in some systems of religion have been such and so mons'rous by excess of wickedness, as to insure, if annually one hour of periodical eclipse should have left them at the mercy of man, a general rush from their oynx. worshippers for strangling them as mad dogs. Hypocrisy, thecrirjging of sycophants, and the credulities of fear, united to conceal this misotheism ; but we may be sure that it was widely diffused through the sincerities of the human heart. An intense desire for kicking Jupiter, or for hang ing him, if found convenient, must hive lurked in the honourable Bemsn heart, before the sincerity of human nature could have extorted from the Reman stage a public declaration, that their supreme gods were capable of enor mities which a poor unpretending human creature would have disdained.'* [Works, vol. x., p. 2-51-2.] Such were the gods worshippei by millions upon millions in the past ; monsters of cruelty, brutality, vin dictiveness, lewd over-grown men, lolling on Olympus, their wickedness intensifying as you ascend the mountain of debauchery ; the twelve Paladins of the Pantheon being vile concrete demons— whoBe very smiles would make the stoutest hearts shrink, and the boldest spirit quail. Below man in intellectual gifts and spiritual endowments, intoxi cated with the quintessence of depravity, mortal, subject to disease and decay, pain and annihilation, they were more like the hideous dreams of maniacs, than deities worshipped by reasonable creatures in a living, thinking world. Thus were the heavens of Paganism peopled: such were the divinities, such the gods of the Greeks, who so intensely loved the beautiful; such the gods of the Bomans, who so reverenced that law and order which their cods trampled on with such unmitigated ruffianism. Such being the Pagan gcd, what was the Pagan man ? Man, in the estimation of the Pagan world, was, in many respects, looked on as a superior kind of animal, whose one object for living was to secure the intensest gratifications of body and brain at the least amount of cost or snffetlng to himself : and in the fulfilment of this double lost, his final end was placed. He had no sense of guilt or sin or repentance or supernatural love, just as seme men have so ear for music, or no faculty for colour. His instincts of heart, head, and sense, were his rudder ; passion, his sail. He lived through his span as merrily as be could, he made the most of it, and then lay down to die. He cultivated every instinct to the highest, that it might yield him the largest cup of pleasure; and he drank off his draught of pain, as an inevitable necessity, and held grief to be ah arrow discharged into him through the vindictiveness of the gods. His mental eye did not know bow to lift ite lid above the horizon of the earth ; or, if it did, no effort was made to pierce beyond. Thus he lived, in some ways a splendid animal, in others a brute: for bis noblest impulses and most divine, received no stimulus or culture, and remained in embryo to the end. In little else did he differ from the flower springing at his feet, or the bird shooting across his path,— except in wickedness — for if truth has to be told, nis fierce and lawless pastione, and his demon pride, were stimulated rather than assuaged by the kind of brutalities he wor shipped, for they debased and crashed his original noble ness to an extent almost incredible. The picture of human life painted by Paganism with its ' Bursts of great heart, an1 slips in sensual mire ' is rimply appalling; and surpasses in the sense of horror it creates— on account of its reality—the worst circles opened out by Dante in bis exhibition of heli. Below we see men, brutaiised by every form of depravity — though here and there receiving a 'lacquer from intellectual culture — and above them, close over their heads, families of hideous gods, deeper died in vindictiveness than they, stronger in physical force, monsters, winged-animalisms, capable of manouviing atound them in the air and worrying them, of stiikicg them, and then wheeling out of reach of retalia tion. Fully to realise these murderous natures which made up the Pagan Pantheon, you need but open Dolliuger's ' Get tile and Jew.' or peruse the celebrated chapter on the subject by St. Paul. Now, in what relation did those men stand to the gods ? 'Was it a relation of love and reverence 'i Just the reverse. Their relation sprang from si cret hatred and craven terror. The malignity of Jove is proverbial. The sufferiags of Proitethtus were caused by his having befriended man : whilst Herodotus himself assures us of the secret detesta tion which the nations through which he travelled enter tained for theirdivinities. Common prudence itself would recoil from placing trust in the club of demons who dis ported themselves in eternal outrage on Olympus ; and whose spitefulness sealed up every avenue to confidence, and whose cruelty excluded every approach to love. Man hated the gods, b- cause they were brutal and cruel; ho feaiedthem beoause they were stronger and better equipped for committing- outrage than himself. Such being the relations, what positive teaching is found amongtt tho Pagans ? First, as to creed or a code of dogma : Paganism tad absolutely no creed, no dogma ; it bad no sacred book; nothing resembling a Pentateuch or Gospel, or even a Koran. Tie gods had no moral relation whatsoever to man, who hated them and feared them. ' They were,' says a lively writer, ♦' mere odious facts, like scorpions or rattlesnakes, having no moral aspect whatever, public nuisances ; beating no relation to man bat that of capricious tyrants.' Had the Pagans then no code of ethics? None. Their mythologies and legendary tales amused the multitude, butthev had no moral or dogmatic bearing. The on y code of ethics which the Pagans prac tised was thatwhich was distorted by brutal instincts, and corrupted by contamination with the gods. 'Religion,' says a high authority, ' in the eye of a Pagan, had no more relation to morals than to shipbuilding or trigono metry.' There was just one thing the Pagans had, though they lacked a cede of action and a scheme of faith — they possessed a worship or cu'tue. Th «gods, as they were stronger than men, and at the same time cruel and capricious, had to be propitiated. So they were soothed and softened by means of death and carnage. Banquets wire offered them to mitigate their ferocity, and to assuage their demoniacal craving after blood. Let another voice tt-11 what these gods gained by these Pagan sacrifices or dinner parties. What they gained says an able writer was this, — ' the luxury of inhaling the groans, the fleeting breath, the palpitations, the agonies of the dying victim. This wjs the dark interest which the wretches of Olympus had in human invitations to dinner ; and it is teo cert in upon comparing facts and dates, that, when left to their own choice, tbe gods had a preference for men as their victims. All things concur to show, that precisely as you afcend above civilization, which continually increased the Imitations upon the gods of Olympus, pre cisely as you go back to that gloomy state in which their true propensities had power to reveal themselves, was man the genuine vict'm for them, and the dying anguish of man the best ' nidor ' that ascended from earthly banquets to ther nostrilR ; their stern eyes smiled darkly upon tho threbl ings of toi tured flesh, as in Moloch's ears dwelt like music tre sound of infant's wailing.' It requires a violent mentaleifort such as minds ensrrossed by active pursuits are scarcely capable of, to realise the con dition of the Pagan world ; and to grasp the whole bearing of fcuch a - ' Total eclipse Without all hope of dav.' And it is difficult to conceive that these pictures are not made up of the skimmings of a diseased fanoy, or the fumes of a poisoned brain, difficult to take in the astounding fact tbat millions on millions of our fellow-creatures were bern, lived— we cannot say ' flourished ' — and died, in the midst of this pandemonium, end weighed down with th;s living nightmare. Yet so it was ; and that too for centuries, and in tiia £oircet portion o{ OocL'« croaiton, And. w 4&io; «ni&c-fe; of exercises of mind and imagination the most perfect of their kind. What now is tbe hidden spring of this vast corruption ? It consists in that centre of fierce lost in the animal man which, when the counter-checks are taken off, gains mastery over tbe reason, stains the imagination, and corrupts the heart. The very existence of the supreme Maker, the pure Creator, is ignored, and His idea ex punged from the mind ; the whole supernatural kingdom melts into thin air ; heaven is shut out with a vault ef braes, and a hill en earth, peopled with animalisms, takes its place for men to worship. The human race becomes drugged, body and mind, with the poison of brutility, and begins to assume a form and condition resembling chronic madness more than anything else. Man reverses the whole divine order of facts within him and without him, which is the same thing as upsetting the world into another chaos ; brute instinct tyrannises over reason ; the beast enslaves and rough-rides the man ; and the world becomes simply a receptacle for beasts of prey. Had not man proved this on a large scale when passion had its sway over him ; were there not amongst us records of to what abysses he is- able to sink, how low the lamp of purity can flicker, and how dark the night can spread, we could not have beleved it. It seems man can not only fall into the abyss, but can absolutely forget his destiny : ' For awful truth it is that man Forgets the heaven from which he fell.' So far for Paganism, and that dark curtain thrown by its Hidden Spring across the world. II. Now it was the Supernatural that crushed that spring, and sweeping the hill clear of the unclean families of gods, destroyed the wall of brass, opened out the heavens, and gave a totally new direction to the current of human life. Taking the supernatural in its length and breadth, such as it has exhibited itself at large on the broad stage of the world for well nigh two thousand years, and viewing it in its integrity, we can compare it with the Paganism as fruit can be compared with fruit,. He used the expression the ?' supernatural,' and not ' Christianity,' because, the former word possefsed a wider significance than the latter, and included societies of men who, though they reject the Christian system as unproven, still believed in a supreme Being, the Ruler and Eewarder of mankind. Whilst the Pagan's eye does not range beyond the natural world, and whilst his reason acknowledges no forces which are not identified with earth— the Supernaturalist takes in a loftier range, a wider vision, detects in the movements and sequence of events, in the heaven above him, and in the mirror of bis consciousness within him, the evidences of a power which is not nature, but above it ; which is not one of nature's manifestations or phenomena, but which is the bidden spring of its manifold developments and multitudinous life. The Supernaturalist is contrasted with the Pagan by this radical differenoe, that, whilst the latter in reality starts from his own baser self as a centre, the former quite tell, and places the centre of the universe and the measurement of ite courses, and the main instru ment of his own perfection, out of nature, out of self, and fixes it in tbe Supreme Governor of all. Thus it is, pos sibly, that man bears about with him a sense of banishment ; and though more happy than ever Pagan was or could be, still, feels as if there were something wanting ; as if he were, after all, away from his Father's house ;— that very thought producing *a sweet stdness, which has nothing about it of the bitterness of grief. Is not this minor key referred to by tbe poet when he sings — ' We look before and atter And grieve for what is not, E'en our rincerest laughter ? ' With some pain is fraught, Our sweetest songs are those which tell of saddest thought.' How stands the Supernatural respecting the idea of God, of man, and their relations ? As contrasted with Paganism it is as if in an instant the darkest night were suddenly changed into the brightest day; as if the most loath some end painful hell were by a flash transformed into an expanding joyous heaven; it is like an intelleat, mad dened by apparitions of terrific wickedness such as to over set ite balance, instantly relieved, and restored, to peace and rest ; finally, like awaking from the thraldom of an overpowering nightmare, which stops the heart, and leaves its victim fully awake, gasping for breath, and half un d- ne by the very relief afforded in the consciousness that that wcica ee-.med eo real and so tenible, was, after all, but the effect of a momentary hallucination — so fwffonWy oppo.ed are the consfquences respectively produced by dm bidden spring of Paganism, and that which broke it up and took its place. Fiist, observe the contrast in the Supernaturalist' s con ceptiinof Almighty God. Take it, us drawn outbyons of the deepe.-t and perhaps the most cautious thinkers of our time:— ' I speak then,' says he, 'of the God of the Theist and of the Christian — a .God who in numerically One, who is personal ; tbe Author, Sustaiuer, and Mnieher of all things, the Life of Law and Order, the moral Governor ; one who is supreme and sole; like Himself, unlike all things besides Himself, which all are but His creature* ; diEtinct from, independent of them all ; One who is self exitticg, absolutely infinite, who has ever been and ever will be, to whom nothing is past or future ; who is all per fection, and the fulness and archetype of every possible excellence, tbe truth itself , \vi-dom, love, justice, holiness; One who is nil-powerful, all-knowing, omnipotent, incom prehensible.' [Newman's Grammar of Assent, p. 98.] Here then is a Being supreme in every characteristic, excluding all taint of imperfection, njt of' the world, but still ruling it as its Maker and its guide : all-powerful and all-seeing ; and the essential love, as He is the essential justice, holiness, and tiuth ; incomprehensible on account of His very greatness ; stili, revealing Himself to man, speakicg with him, not being very far from any one of us, on account of His purposing love ; a Befog possessing in their fullest flower every conceivable attribute of goodness and of beauty ; and yet exquisitely harmonious in the midst of the coruscating \ ariety of His riches aa they externally reveal themselves to man. Kext, what is the Supeinituralist's idea of man him self '{ He regards man as a being created by the Supreme God, and as placed in & condition of discipline on earth. His centre is out of the circle of self, and within the triangle of the Trinity. To this centre, unless blocks are put in the way, he should and d-es spontaneously tend— the sparks of his soul flying upwards. The aim of his life is ever to be approaching nearer in likeness to his Maker, to whom in character of reward, eventually, if he has performed his mission, he will pass, and there find the fulfilment of every desire, and that peace unspeakable which is the highest form of rest. The years of this life are to him really valuable only so far forth as they fashion him for his future, and secure his permanent happy destiny. The joys and delights which make up the goal, which direct the aim of the Pagan, to him are of comparative small account : ' He looks on all the joys of time With undesiring eyes.' For hia imagination is possessed with the idea of the exquisite happiness of an endless reward, which, though hidden behind the draperies of the future, he still f eeU to be fairly within the grasp of his supernaturalised ambition. With all this he is sensible of the struggles of the baser nature within him, and of tbe thraldom and irkeomeness of tbe passions. He is conscious of an internal dislocation, of two laws combating within the arena of his being; the mas acd the beast continually at variance, o casionally at ram pant war ; he is sensible of a disharmony which he cannot conquer; he feels himself out of tune, and partially unstrung ; robbed of the robust health of his original con stitution ; weakened in will, darkened in intellect ; and swayed by gusts and sudden violences of passion, which seem at times stronger than himself ; and which, indeed, he knows he cannot of his own power alone subjugate or effectually control. Hence he is, as it were, forced to look out from the contentions and insurrections within himself : and, wearied for want of rest, his higher nature yearns upwards, and stretches out imploring bands for help ; and 'as the eyes of the servants are on the hands of their masters ; and the eyes of the handmaid are on the hands of her miattress so are his eyes unto the Lord his God until He have mercy on him.' For he knows, whilst he is praying that 'Life meanwhile Is in the loom where busy passion plies The shuttle to an fro.' Thus man feels himself helpless so long as left to his own resources, indeed it may be said, doomed, if not assisted 3 by a higher power, to corruption and to ruin. Still ha -^OAXlHirA Hot. 'Hb linaoAaeao an mrartnAAfarinar wntvifltiAMi ? -~ that He who made him what he is, and holds him in His hand, will not treat him ill; and that as the peifection of his being and tbe fulfilment of his aspirations aie alone to be found in God, he will one day really be brought in contact with them, and drink out of that cup which an unseen hand all his life had bean holding near his lips. The relation between God and man is now easily drawn out. As the Pagan god and man are antagonistic at every point to the God and man of the Supernaturalist, so is it with their relations. In what temper could the helpless, help-seeking man of the supernatural look up to the eternal of infinite holiness, beauty and charity, save in that of humility, reverence, and worship P God would be to him as the sun to the flower, as the dew to the lattermath, as the Eap to growing trees. He would be to him a spring of external warmth and light, and of internal life and peacefulness. Man would regard his supreme Creator as the way to walk, and as the truth to guide; and as the life* by which work is done and light absorbed. He would regard him as a mighty and affectionate patron, whose favour would more than superabundantly make up for, indeed wholly transcend, the loss of all else besides. He would know by experience that the persdnal love of such a Being was of itself heart-filltng and soul satisfying ; that ' That perfect vision of His face, Which we, for want of words, call heaven,' was sufficient without anything more to content for an eternity the deepest craving e of mortality. He would, in one word, feel satisfied that to be really loved by God, was, even in this wcrld, to be rey&aished; with all that man could want ; and that to know His will and to do it was the end of life, and the sutnmum bonum of the creature. Has this God of the supernatural bestowed on man a system of belief and a code of moral action ? and a form o£ worship proper to himeelf ? To reply to this we must grasp the supernatural in its whole extension, and in the full significance of its power. It can be looked upon as a vast wide-embracing force, which has exerted a greater sway over the destinies of man than any other that has ever shook the world. Placo one point of the compass on Catholicism as a centre, and then stretch out the other point, till it fall upon Theism pure and simple, describe the circle, and within that cir cumference the whole domain of the supernatural is con tained. In proportion as you quit the centre and proceed towards the circumference, you leave the impregnable stronghold of immovable dogma and unchangeable morality behind, snd gradually find yourself in a comparatively, bleak and barren region, till at last you come upon the , eandy level of naked Theism without its safeguards and guarantees. Whatever man may believe as to its objective truthfulness, no student of history, no serious thinker, can entertain a moment's doubt that the Catholic Church has been-from the days of Christ till now, and promises inde finitely to continue, the very heart of the supernatural and the main stronghold of the unbending, the stubborn dogmas of religion. What, then, is this Catholicity which forms the centre heart of the Supernatural ? for where the heart-centre is, th-=re the main eisence, and the distinctive characteristic will be found. To sketch it rapidly : It began with the assuming human nature by that God whose principal attributes have already briefly been discussed. The incarnation is by far the greatest portent that has ever taken place in a universe M filled with marvel*, and created by Almighty power. Ths Infant of Bethlehem, the Boy of Nazareth, the Man of Tbator, the Sufferer ef Calvary, the Jesus from the tomb ; that one voice, that single hand which changed water into wine, turned the broad swift current of the world. The virtue from that solitary Man— for He was a God— lem a new pulse to the human heart, a stronger 'spring to human energies, a brighter light to human eyes: aa „ l^p'.ared a j vision of glory, future and inexpressible,' «»te the astonished sense; thus lifting humanity, a**'.*' e man, 1 on to a higher level, 'and directing ita ^ noblest | strivings towards an imperishable goal. As the I brown silent forests in northern lfl.tito.des on the first warm j day of spring -Etand clothed suddenly in Rreen and ate alive | with song — that which was just now still and rigid, throb- I bingwith multitudinous life — so suddenly almost did ths I Pagan world give way, when the sun and sip of ajrajr Swa- 1 ticn warmed ite soul, and rose in the heart of raan- The don | of Justice alone posfeeeed those penetrating: rayav I could overcome man's blindness, and bead his siubboraess of will. He alone cauld create the sap of a new form of Mfe, and cause it to comae in the channels of humanity, and BupematuralUe it at every extremity. He it was who knew how to touch 'the springe of many hearts at once, and in many places, aad to impart a sabtle Tirtue to, and to set a hidden spring of Dinaitv in ea :h aember of the human family; bo that, to recur to the fignre just made u«e of, each tree of the wild forest would b3 changed with an electricity which nature, with all her varied capabilities, had act the power to bestow. God came down, was made man, became in the likeness of the Good Samaritan, to lift bub up, to rest the drooping head upon His bosom, to pour «fl and wine into the tailing strength, to breathe into the finking frame a new Divine invigorating breath of life. He came for each own and for all ; but for each, as if for him alone ; for the unit, and for the family made of units, for society composed of families, for Kingdoms, Empires, and Republics composed of the various societies and nationalities which make up the population of the world. fie came to join man to God, and to lift up humanity by i means of the supernatural to an end and destiny bevond ! the pawing hour. He came to infuse new arterial blood ' into the conduit* of life, and to thrill the creature with a j Sew cense, with a new revelation, of its weaknesses, its i capabilities, and its destiny ; and so lar to make him a ! partaker of Divinity as to render him conuious of his ! fellowship with a better and an abiding city, whilst he held hrmnfiif to be in pilgrimage, and under discipline on earth. Such is a portion ef the mercies offered to man through the supernatural. It was scarcely necessary for him, the speaker, to draw out from history the results and operations of the Christian scheme which forms the burning-point of the supernatural. The history of the Church, of her dogmas, her moral disci pline, and her worship, is simply the history of the post pagan world for eighteen hundred years. The heart of the supernatural — in the duration of its energies, in the power with which it has urged the stream of supernatural life into each extremity of the world, and its firm, steady beat and healthfulness — can be compared to nothing analogous in the history of churches or of states. Strike this great fact from history, and you throw history into chaos, if you do not actually annihilate it for over fourteen hundred years. Ignore its influence on humanity, and you render philosophy a dream ; as well might you ignore yourself. Deal with it, whether you will or no, you must. Hate it, decry it, blacken it. This you may do if you will, but in doing so you blacken and decry the human family itself. Whatever you do you must admit its claims, or at least its power, as a hard fact which cannot be got aver. Its foundations may be said to have been laid with Christ preaching on the Mount. The mountain of the Beatitudes was His Olympus, and He was the only God of it. A peace ful region, and a Divinity so truthful and so pure — in fiercest contrast with the hideous divinities of Paganism. Here Christ laid down the principles which were to regene rate and reconstruct the world. He chose His twelve. He went, and sent His spirit in His stead. The twelve were replenished with it, and Peter represented the voice which was heard no more. That small society, multiplied from the one centre of infallible teaching, was guarded by the protections of the spirit of truthfulness. Thus there was bestowed upon the world an unmoving cathedra of certainty as to belief and action ; there was an ever replenished store house of supernatural grace to enable man to do what he saw to be right. 'What began on the hill was carried to the Cata combs; it next rose to the Basilicas, and spreading itself with rapidity abroad, penetrated into and pervaded the civil society of the world. It ascended from the streets up the steps of the imperial throne into the assembly of the Roman Senate; it entered the solemn tribunals, and fixed the divine seeds of a supernatural destiny in the hearts of emperors and senators and the exponents of the imperial laws of Rome. Thus opening their minds as ' Wax to receive, and marble to retain,' the principles and hidden springs of a newer life, they ful filled their destiny in cultivating the soil made suddenly so rich by the generous hand of a saving- Providence. Of the old civilization which passed away it was not necessary to treat at any length. He, the speaker, would content himself by pointing towards one great represent ative ' of the supernatural who forms a conspicuous land mark amongst the wreckage of a broken world. St Gregory the Great, sitting on the throne of Peter, the representative of Christ, and the impersonation of Christian authority and faith, stands out as in a picture, amidst the decay of the older culture, as a tvpe of the supernatural principle in its rela tion not merely to religion, but to the civil order of the world. If the Christian Commonwealths of this hour would look upon their origin, let them cast their eyes upon Pope St Gregory, governing with patriarchal rule the three and twenty patrimonies of the Church; or, if they prefer it, upon Pope St. Leo III., solemnly crowning the civil power in the person of Charlemagne on Christmas Day at the tomb of the Apostles. And thus for seven hundred years, whilst men were one by one elevated by sacramental grace, secured in stability by a teaching uttered with a consciousness of protected truth, and guided by a steady onward hand to Heaven, Sines and Princes of the world. States and Common wealths looked upon the Church, the heart of the super natural, as occupying an analogous position in their regard. They held that the law of the ten command vents which bound the individual conscience, bound also the consciences of empires and states, of kings and civil rulers ; and that the moral action of the State should play in harmony with the high protected teaching of the super- natural. In a word, not only individual men, but kings and legislators, statesmen and warriors, were Catholic, and were possessed by that principle of obedience to rightly constituted authority which is the surest guarantee of the stability of the throne and the liberty of the subject. Then the wrench came of the sixteenth century. Should he say it ? Pride and sensuality even at times within the sanctuary: sloth, wealth, and worldliness amongst a portion of the clergy; occasional corruptions and even scandals amobgst religious orders ; ignorance, and that fierce bigotry which follows it as a shadow, as well as the wealth daily spread out before their eyes, offered to those who had besn checked by the spiritual power for their vices, and who hated discipline, a pretext for confusing the evil deeds of a handful of men with the guiding princi ples of the supernatural which those men trampled under foot, and for bringing about that great land-slip, which, when once effected, became the cause of endless and multiplying revolutions in the religious world. The first large land-slip, bore within it the principle of its own separation from the heart of the supernatural; and as every master-principle is the fruitful parent of a thousand phenomena, no sooner had that spiritual territory slipped from the rock, and fallen to a lower level, than it also became the parent of endless other slips, till what was once one solid ground, became broken up into a thousand fragments. For each new form of the supernatural, as it parted with that which was logically its parent, left behind it some positive doctrines, some moral axioms, some time-honoured disciplines, till at last, nothing remain but naked Deism, which speedily travels to those confines where the terra firma of the supernatural meets an altogether different element— the wide quagmire of level Materialism, on the bitter ocean of heaving unbelief. Such is the logical, and indeed inevitable progression in the working of an initial principle, which begins by showing an insignificant crack in an outer but- tress, and ends in the radical destruction of that into which its wedge has been inserted. And here it is important to observe what a superficial and might not perceive the full bearings of, namely, that the fact of individual Catholics having abandoned the prac tice of religion and the principles of the supernatural, is, in reality, no justification, indeed does not hold out the slen derest cloak of an excuse for the repudiation of those princi ples themselves, or for violently jerking religion, as by a sudden twist, from the only logical basis on -which it can stand with any hope of remaining firm. To offer as a sufficient reason for trampling on the law the paltry, set to say criminal excuse that a certain number of persons- have not observed the law; to introduce anarchy just because certain members of society have not been kept in order, has an unmistakable touch about it either of lunacy or cunning ; and suggests the suspicion lhat those who thus philosophize must have some selfish end of their own to serve. And when this is done in matters of religious principle: when the only stable principle, that is to say authority, is rejected, and the principle of confusion is made to take its place ; then it is merely a question of time and circumstance how soon destruction is to follow. For when once a system of morality and faith, which restrains passion, curbs pride, humbles man, directs his life within and his actions with out is shoved from the square block and level foundation of authoritative truth taught with unerring security, on to the slippery incline of the individual judgment which changes with the weather, one inevitable consequent follows; the ball will not rest till it rests at the very bottom. As a rule, whatever of positive teaching these rolling frag ments of Christianity may have retained is the result of their previous oneness with the heart of the supernatural, that city on the mountain top, with ' Her godlike head crown'd with spiritual fire, And touching other worlds.' The landslips, even the biggest of them, have, after all, simply fallen from the outer edge; the Rock remains all the more conspicuous from its very isolation, and the adamantine bases on which its towers are reared arc now pattially unveiled before the eye. And if what Mr. Glad stone fays be true, viz., that ' the Christian thought, the Christian tradition, the Christian society, are the great, the imperial thought, tradition, and society of this earth,' this earth owes that circumstance to the Catholic Church. If it be true, as another able writer says, that ' the great prin ciples of Christian morality are now so interwoven with our habit of thinking, that we appeal to them no longer as scriptural authorities, but as the natural suggestions of a sound judgment;' if such be the case, we owe it to the fact of human society having been steeped in the Baptism of the Supernatural for over eighteen hundred years. Deny it as men may, let them be ever so much ashamed of their spiritual lineage, the philosopher is not deceived. He traces to their source, however distant, the shallow waters, and discovers the causes of the stagnant pools ; and he finds the initial springs of all of them in that fountain of living waters which wells up towards everlasting life in the city of the saints. Though they may have lost their vital qualities, though they may have grown brackish .or corrupt, still he traces what remains of good in them to their true origin ; and knows, though now they may have lost their savour, that they occe were limpid portions of the living spring. Many amongst them retain some lineaments of past greatness, some vestiges, more or less, of the divine original; and though marred and mutilated, though but chips and torsos, he gazes on them with affectionate regret ; with affection, in proportion as they still retain some token of their origin; with regret, on account of seeing so much beauty tarnished, such graceful symmetry destroyed. The Catholic thinker must needs feel sympathy for every thing within the circle of the supernatural— sympathy in proportion as he draws his eyes from the circumference to that centre where in perfect loveliness the ' Mystic Queen' of the supernatural holds her court. And after eighteen centuries of battle has the Great Mother of men lost the force of her arm, the flash of her eye, and her high proverbial coirage ? Does she not still prosecute her sleepless work, her paramount mission of caving souls ? Does she not still ' go about doing good,' and sanctify with her gentle presence households and families of men ? And, though fallen on an evil era, still influence with her elevating purifying spirit, kingdoms and empires, and the whole civil order of mankind ? Her bitterest enemies are loudest in proclaiming that she still exerts her power, and not in vain ; that she is no antique, or bee in amber, but an aggressive life in contact with the forces of the modern world, and roused up all the more to energy just on account of the violence of opposition. ' From a dormant, as was thought defeated super stition,' says Mark Pattison, 'Catholicism has besome an aggressive and menacing force. It is backed by millions of hereditary believers. It is armed in Spain, mutinous in Italy, rapidly re-advancing to the re-conquest of France, and takes the whole force of Protestant Ger many to keep it under.' Mr. Gladstone himself assures the world that ' for working purposes' the Catholic Church has the advantage over all other forms of religion, and that in this respect they have suffered loss by leaving her. She is possessor he says, ' of by far the most elastic the most closely knit, and the most highly centralised organi zation,' when compared with the denominations, which are of more recent date. This heart of the supernatural of which the Vicar of Christ is the supreme commander, he says, is ' organised like an army in which each order is in strict subjection to every other order that is above it. A thousand bishops cure its generals; some two hundred thousand clergy are its subordinate officers; the laity are its proletarians. The auxiliary forces of this great establishment are the monastic orders. And they differ from the auxiliaries of other armies in that they have a yet stricter discipline, and a more complete dependence on the head, than the ordinary soldier. . . To the chain of an unbroken continuity,' he continues, 'to the majesty of an immense mass, to the energy of a closely Berried organization,' the Catholic Church, this heart of the supernatural, ' adds another and a more legitimate source of strength. It undeniably contains within itsslf a large portion of the individual life of Christendom. The faith, the hope, the charity, which it was the office of the gospel to engender, flourish within this precinct in the heart of millions upon millions. . . Many beautiful and many noble characters grow up within it. Moreover, the babes and sucklings of the gospel, the poor, the weak, the uninstructed, the simple souls who in tranquil spheres give their soul and heart to God, and whose shaded faith is not scorched by the burning questions of human thought and life, these persons are probably in the Roman Catholic Church by no means worce than they would be under any other Christian sj stem. They swell the mass of the main body ; obey the word of command when it reaches them ; and they help to supply the resources by which a vast machinery is kept in motion.' So, according to the testimony of our able adversary, this vast machine, this most elastic, closely-knit and highly centralized heart of the supernatural, which we call the Catholic Church is beyond comparisonjin its tough strength, in its dynamic power, in its colossal size, in its adaptatien to the gigantic work placed for it to do, superior' to every other. Ab she has been for centuries so is she still in this nineteenth century, the mainspring of the supernatural, the chief antagonist, the leader, against which the foul monsters of the future will have to throw themselves, if they would overrun, and ravage this fair world which God has given us, and darken the heavens with their paisonous breath. The secret force of this Hidden Spring is identical in kind with that which energises in the central soul of the individual man. For the Church lives and acts from a divine and supernatural impulse, from which proceed those re straining principles which maintain the world in order ; and thoBe renovating stimulants which lift society up to, and fix it on the basis of supernatural facts. It consists in her possessing a complete revelation of supernatural truth, and an ever- abiding and intelligible voice in its inter pretation and application, troth on the plain of intellectual vision, and that of practical action ; it consists in her being the fountain-head from which proceed seven distinct channels of supernatural light and energy, by means of which man's reason is comforted by the gift of faith, Vmd his spirit emboldened to love and hope ; it consists in each order of the social hierarchv receiving its own proper gift and grace for the right fulfilment of its avocations ; so that all mimitinfl may, in the steady light in the permanent glow of the supernatural, be urged from within and attracted from without, ' To 6corn delights, and live laborious days' in working out its higher destiny. It consists iu the fact of that Great Mother knowing her own mind thoroughlv, and in times of peril, and of mental conflict especially, b jldly and emphatically, without respect of persons or powers declaring it, and anathematizing the ^rong; and in her possessing a supernatural instinct to place tn?th and good ness before expediency and success; and in her almost divine penetration in seeing Rn enemy through any mask, and of picking out and rejecting such pi inciples, however plausible, which seeming to be doing the reverse, really tell against her. She bides her time, and does her work, and oners her antidotes to the poisons of the age ; and knows, as no other can, how to gird herself up for the contest, and launch herself out on the fee. Her secret force con sists in her stem authoritative insistence that those, it matters not who they be, who disobey the law, whether as written on the heart or given in the gospels, will of a surety, if they die impenitent and in mortal sin, perish everlastingly ; end that those, on the contrary, who make it the great object of their life to fulfil the will of their Creator, and die in a state of grace, will be rewarded for ever with exquisite delights. It moreover, consists in her impressing on man an idea cf his real character and opn I &tion;, so that he knows himself as he reilly is; and his sn abiding consciousness of his own personal debility, and 1 bears ever ab-jut with him a sense of ein and a consequent - temper of dependence and humility ; he comes to realise, through her teaching, the idea of guilt and of repentance, J and begins to practise, not merelv those more masculine virtues which are Eummei up in'the four cardinal charac- 1 teristice of a noble and we'l balanced mind, but those other ' virtues also, especia'Jy cosnected with the Gospel revelation, 1 and emphatically shown forth, in the life of the Incarnate— 1 tuch as humility, patience, sweetness, gentleness, self repreEsion, forgeftulness of self and thoughtfulneas of - others ; all which virtues, when exhibited in their fairest ^ bloom, represent to the world men and women of the ] highest type, and of the mo6t exquisite symmetry of soul. - | These flowers of tie supernatural spring up in a - carnal world from the hidden spring of a super- 1 natural root, and redeem human life from utter deso- I latiorj. Such men and women as these sweeten earth's ' bitterness ; and. whilst casting a halo of softening 1 light into the saddest recesses of humanity, and saving the ' fallen from despair by their aneclic love and gentleness i dwell here, not as the Pagans did, not as casting their lot i with earth, but a« men making use of it as a many-sided 1 nstmment for their own perfection, as a many-runged i ladded which they daily have to climb towards 1 ?p' That God, which ever lives and loves ; ' One God, one law, one element, I And one far-off divine event i To which the whole creation moves.' } Thus earth ceases to be a place of damp fog and die- i appointment; its darkest enigmas are sufficiently solved ] to open the door of hope ; the sombre future is pierced into \ by a slant of light; death, with his horrid scythe, is dis- - covered to be i ' but a mediator Between the lower and the higher life.' j The Inequalities of the earthly course, the unequal distri- ' button of wealth, health, and talent, are explained iu the 1 promises of the future ; and the creature, by thus identify- i ing himself with the Supernatural, not only perfects his 1 moral character as a man, but renders earth itself pore i habitable by making man more happv ; whilst the higher 1 forms of virtue receive a stimulus which no other system of t philosophy or religion can supply. i Such being the action of the heart of the Supernatural, in what relation does it stand to those .larger and larger circles round its which describe a wider and wider sweep, till Deism pure and simple is confined within the widest ? In what relation does it stand to Anglicanism, Presbyterianism, Wesleyanism, Congregationalism, &c;, to the various forms ^ of Thtistical belief ? It stands in two distinct relations to ' all these. First, there is placed an impassable logical gulf - between it and them. For while the heart of the Super- I natural , the entire Cathelic system, hangs from the one hook f of a divinely given and unerringly-interrupted revelation ; 1 those various systems represented by the outer circles, ' hang from as many different hooks as there are men's heads ? to fix them in ; are, iu point of fact, the creation of the ' private judgment of each individual man. Thus the * logical gulf which yawns between the Catholic Church and ' the Denominations is as wide as the difference between the ' mind of God and the mind of man. * But though it is an admitted and patent fact that this * gulf does exist between the Church and the D euomina- £ turns, still a certain sympathy is created where there is £ identity of belief ; and that though in the one case the £ belief is made to rest en premises which do not warrant c. it. A man may, and many men do, hold true conclusions J upon false premises ; as man's heart is often better thau ' his head; but the fact of an illation being false does not by any means imply that in se the conclusion is untrue, * or cause the lover of truth to love the truth the less. * Thus the Catholic philosopher, whose heart beats with ? the blood of the supernatural, sympathises with the j Denominations in proportion as they have retained and l teach a greater number of Catholic verities : whilst his * sympathy gradually loses its edpe in proportion as those t truths decrease in clearness and in number, and belief dwindles down towards the outer ring, which includes the a 6imple assertion of the existence of a God. * On the other hand, the Denominations, if they study their ' own interest, and deeply prize the doctrines which they still retain, will, so far forth as the Church teaches and defends the cardinal principles of the Supernatural, look up ?» to her as the great heart of Christianity, as a sustainer, i more potent than all of them together, of the fundamentals of their own religion, and as an organized army , wh:ch it becomes their dearest interest to encourage and : assist against a common foe. In a word, though c fundamentally different in the logical basis of their 8 systems, though this difference is radical, and will remain c bo, between the Church and the Denominations; and' c though the Denominations will, from the very nature of 6 that basis, never agree in detail amongst themselves ; and \ though, so lc ng as a common enemy does not start up to * make Christians suspend hostilities and look to their * mutual preservation, there is little prospect of a laying \ down of arms ; etil), did Buch an enemy present himself ; ? did his attack threaten to be formidable ana sweeping ; did , he approach the circle of the Supernatural with set pu-pose * of blotting out the idea of God, of Providence, of sin, of * grace, of redemption : did hfi propose thus to put out man's J eyes, to stop his heart, to poison or rather quench the . springs of hope ; and did he appear powerful enough to 1 bring all this about— in such a case would not all withia J the supernatural circle stop their hands, and turn their { eyes in one direction F And, conscious of their mutual ' peril, and how, especially in such warfare as this, union is I strength, would they not, each circle independently, encou- ' raged by the ttrength of the central heart, turn upon, * push back, and slay if possible, the monster, the enemy I of our oommon race P All, surely, in any measure c interested or identified with the supernatural, would for the time at least, drop mutual hostilities and combine, : each from its indeoendent point of view, against the J destroyer of the hidden spring of present and future happiness. *; IIL But is there such an enemy as this ? Does the future r portend any such great antagonisms as have already b.'en £ fought out between Paganism and Christianity ? Could 8 a line be thrown round the army of the future with as a much precision as the Supernatural has been dream- | scribed P He (the speaker) did -firmly believe iu the * existence, the presence, and the power of such an enemy ; ' he felt deeply impressed by the perils looming in the J distance; by the reckless aims of the approaching devas- ' \ tator who, even at this hour, had gathered his strength c together and had become a menacing danger. So much 8 so that he felt it to be a duty, and of paramount import- e ance, for the army of the Supernatural to leave alone c comparatively minor and domestic differences, and to ' advance in solid column sgainst en enemy ^threatening, the J existence of them alL He looked upon the coming whirl- * wind ab promising to be more destructive and uprooting, ' that, anything that had occurred in Pagan times ; or that t has threatened the stability of the supernatural since the Incarnation. Lust in the heart leaves a blot which may 5 be purified ; but pride in the citadel of the intellect leaves a J stain, which percolates to the passions; and, thus, mind and body become contaminated, and man succumbs to a * double wound in the two fountains of his energies. He comes to resemble those insects worried by children, uncon- ° ecious of the torment they inflict, and which crawl about ! with legs broken and wings burnt, wrecks of what they J originally were. Having deprived his victims of all hope f of the future, having put out his eyes as well as cut off his J wings, this monster proceeds to throw up infection into the : very air he breathes, and to sow corruption along the line ; of path he will have to walk. * ifow the Hidden Soring of all this threatening misery is I called ' Materialism.' This is the power which is mar- a Ehalling its forces, and has been for these two hundred }; years preparing to rrake a general advance against the i Supernatural. There are many forms of it : but they can i be analyzed into one, and traced to a single principle. Put r one point of the compass on man's brain, stretch the other I out as far as his heart, describe the circle, and within that circumference is contained the sum total of the religion and philosophy of the future. The Hidden Spring of it con- j eiste in this, that the centre of authority is drawn out of ] Heaven, is filched from God, where the Supernatural had | fixed it, and is placed in man, or in humanity. Man is * made the measure of all things, and humanity, his God ; * within that circumference, every law and every growth must exclusively find its explanation. I 'A fatal circle, .- Upon whose magic skirts a thousand devils * In crystal forms sit tempting innocence, * And beckon early virtue from ite centre.' j Thus pride in the hands of deoravitv v ]|~7T~~~; — I^La to a lower hell, if it be not' mastered !haa?- the *»« fl :ontains the anima'isms and atrocities' c- t- -i whi-A IH brutal energy which formed the ' hid.i™ by ^ WM Paganism. U(Kn fPmig of ijM Let us analyse this system of the fatnrP r- IB [he idea of God. And to obviate mistake h» r.-F '^ « to ^H iv. uld recite to them the very words of the mo t -' !.8peaker) H thinker of 1 he present day, though he did £n.r?in*!l H to reciiine them with horn r:- caniidly ^^ |H ' What is the use of adoring that phantom of TV ? ? 1H acdauns this pioneer of the futuie, 'anT-h tIT^'f11 H * ant of us ty means of that gang of inspired 't^T ?e fl persecute us everywhere with their sernionT? ri who 19 Its Contradictions, chap, iii.] With resaH t -T^Et€|ne WM continues, 'I krow Him not. GoFiT notv**1' ** 9 pure mysticism. If you desire me to li tenT6 bttt IH begin by suppressing that word in your di^ you- 9 For, from the experience of three thousand ve^TT ; 9 been convinced that every one that talks to* mV' * n '^M wishes to rob me of my liberty or my nurse w God ^1 So I owe you ? Behold my reliei3n and mTooi' * ,I5S* ? Aap. viL] Ag*n : ?' This I say, the first daw of Bld- 9 telligent and free man is to tear immediately the idearfr'1; 9 From his mind and conscience. . . . liodfenntv , ^M but stupidity and fear, hypocrisy and deceit tvr™^ ^ 9 misery. As long as humanity bends before 'an AlS?^d 9 slave of kings and priest?, it will be reprobated ? as W 9 i single man receives in God's name an oath from anotw 9 man, society will be founded on perjury, and nea -e anSi ^H will be exiled from the earth' Beware, Jehovah^6 9 henceforth, cured of the fear of God, and havKwS 9 true wisdom, I am ready to swear, with my hand raC ^ 9 wards heaven, that you are only the murderer of myX™' 9 ?md the spectre of my conscience ! ' «wun, ^h Thus it is evident that Materialism tramples on ever* 9 Form of divinity so far acknowledged amongst men ? «$ ^1 will only consent to recognise a modern god, made unnf 19 the aggregate of creatures— humanity— without wines tl 9 By with, or even an Olympus to sit on ; a divinity which 9 ;he individual has ' to aspire to improve,' and into which ^1 that same individual will, it is said.be incorporated, after ^La having borne his part id its development. If such be thn ^1 irue philosophy we must unweave the words of the ni*-t ^1 jrhenhesiogs:— l ^M ' Man is not God, but hath God's end to serve ^H A master to obey, a course to take, ' ^H Somewhat to cast off, somewhat to become. j^H How could man have progression otherwise ! ' ^H Having expunged the supernatural in all its circles as '19 frith a blow, it becomes clear that, according to this system ^1 man can aspire no higher than the Pagan, acd does not ^1 ispire eo high. He can stand in no relation to 9 ;hatof which he denies the very existence. Man him- ^1 self thus necessarily becomes the centre of being ; from ^1 iim, exclusively, law and truth, all greatness and all 19 jeauty flow ; he grows out of clay like the weed, and falls ^H oack into clay, like the weed, again ; and virtue, good- ^| less, faith, love are but the colouring, brilliant or sombre ^| is the cate may be, upon its petals, during the few short ^| lours of its prime. As there is no immortal God eo ^H here is no immortal soul. As there is no Judge to come ^| so there is no future punishment or reward. The filling-in ^M )f the grave ends all. The sll- sufflciency of this life, ^| ind of man for himself, become fundamental principles of ^H iction. The idea of sin. of repent mce, of dependency on f^| mother are blotted out, and the creature becomes' his ^| -wn god, that god, after all, being nothing huher than an ^H dealized aggregate of degraded men produced by a human j^H -rain. . ^H As to positive teaching, as to a system of belief, the ^H ?eligion of the future, in rejecting God, by that very ^H itroke, separates the mind of man from every element of ^H :aith ; from every ves-tige of revealed morality ; so each ^H ndividualis left free io follow the dictates of his own ^H usts : and eternal, changeless truth, both dogmatic and ^H sthica], is turned into the canielioa of ' that which man ^H roweth.' ^H The movements that take place in the plane of morality ^H md faith must, as a necessary censequence, be communi- ^H sated to the political and social plane ; for politics and ^H Liplomacy, after all, are but the moral law appliel to ^H ociety at large, to empires and nations. That man who ^H rill not acknowledge God as his chief and master, will ^H lever bend to the authority or dictation of a fellow-man. ^M 3utlet M. Proudhon, the formost leader of 'modern ^M nought,' speak in his own language: — . __ ^H ' All men,' he says, ' are equal and free. Society' is, ^H hen, as . well by its nature as by the functions of its ^H Lestiny, antinomical, which means, ungovernable. The ^M iplure of activity of each citizen being the result, on the ^H me hand, of the natural division of labour, and on the ^H (ther, of the election he makes of a profession, and the ^H locial functions being constituted in such a manner as to ^M -roduce an harmonic effect, order becemes the result of ^M he free action of all ; whence I draw the absolute sega- ^M ion of Government ; every one who puts his hand on me w^t o govern me is a tyrant and a usurper, and I proclaim ^M iim my enemy.' [Confessions of . a Bevoiutionist.] ^M Igain : ' Only eociety that is the collective being can fol- ^M ow its inclination and abandon itself to its free will without ^M 'ear of absolute and immediate error. This superior reason |H rhich is in it, and which slowly escapes from it through ^M he manifestations of the multitude, and the reflections of ^M ndividuals, always puts it right in the end. ThephiloBO- H )her is incapab'e of discovering truth by intuition; and if ^M ie attempt to direct eociety, he runs a great risk of eda- ^m -lishing his own ideas inefficient and unsufficient ever, in ^M -lace or the eternal laws of order, and thus hurrying eociety ^M o the abyss. The philosopher requires something to direct j^H iim. What else can that something be but the law of ^H -rogre*s, and that logic which resides in humani ty as in its ^B tentre ?' [' Confessions of a Revolutionist.'] ^M Now such Materialism as this is sot opposed to Super' ^m laturalbm as Protestantism is opposed to Catholicity ; but ^m t is root and flower the opposite pole, the direct contradic- H ion, joint for point, of the whole circle of the Super- ^m tatural. It launches a straight denial at each form of H eligious belief, at every modification of Supernatoralreu- h fion with equal vehemence, from Catholicity witn i» ^m tmple dogma, to the most scantily clothed Deism ; and H Locompanies that denial with louder and still louder ex- ^m iressions of 6corn and derision, as the modification departs ^m urther and further from the Catholio centre. There is no m ocus standi from which it can be even reasoned with, or on ^m vhich terms can be discussed for an accommodation : » ' ^M he uncompromising, and radical enemy of God, wjom,'; ^H leniee ; of the throne, which it upsets ; of tne h iltar, which it destroys ;— that is. of the whole H weep of the Supernatural in all i!s circles ana H lentres : and, therefore, of Chrietian government, and me H icknowledped usages of the society of the present any. h :t would with one pueh shove all the se into space, or near h hem away in block and bury them, and establish on w H leared area, in the ' howling wilderness,' the Church oi H he Bevolution, and the tyranny of the Sect. . ,~ ^M It may be thought by some that Materialism in .reality h iffers a terror merely to the professed alarmist, and JS H n point of fact, there is no real occasion for those^ *] ^B he circle of the supernatural to combine in eelf-aeiS' H igainst it as a common enemy. Those w^.^fAe 9 leave the lead, and scrutinise the current and spirit or ™ ?? ige, those who interrogate the Zeit-geist, and etuay u« ?? igns of the times, are not eo sanguine in their ]?q8™X 9 Dhe longer they watch the growth of pnblic 0Pin38n-{:e ?? itronger becomes their conviction that the menaceof'd 9 uture is sufficiently alarming to create a deep-*' »r ?? errible anxiety. And they do not hesitate to «««« jj hat, unless something be done, and done W&M1; «j£ ?? he supematuial, though in possession, end £tronJ, '. the ?? )restigeof so many centuries, and so deeply rooiea pj iffectfoas of the pe-ple and the habit of their mmd, w. » ? M inlees she show herself more resolute and more inw* *? ine in the contest than she has done, lr se P^^'J-jiy, H eegth be relegated to sacristies and vestries; a:ia' M8t ?? »e reduced to such a ghost as Paganiem is amongst w- ?? -r5eaking of the future prospects of this fie roe JjggJ^ 9 iniversal innovation, an able publicist says: .*°'-IlfalKas ?? jo he calls the phase he speaks of, ' claims the '™^. ?? to own. Progress is a chief part of its f*fff^ 9 jramme. It offers itself as the embodiment of »u f ?? mown which can be beneficial to society, f. -fhioiogy H ©cial phenomena, with the preliminary studies °J J'^. ?? ind physics, are its substance. So far from ''SWa- ? «ryative, it is in the highest degree 'P^^JSrfedger 9 utionary, for it would organise eociety on »' ^ ^^ ?? nstead of on usage and tradition as a'pr£BeDrp w two ? Ktntinue to progress as they have dmefor_j£L*fniiifc ? ^uadr^year^tfc future ieaWured to the p»W*«P H ? -^^^^T^Zn which could keep Knowledge I 2*3™'eS o! cillwlfciim, or the commmu.Ho I Sd «5-en W» %-* an effect even now discernible I Soother? ftJKfoX*. in course of years, split up I JXw^JSS laments as the consequence of its I fetotb«f ES*i5^r. Greg has already noticed, thw. I &? n^fdfioSiWi ii the most large-minded I Be ^^f^rJnee to modify, ignore, eliminate, or cover I IWW'fLtaSSd nebulous halo (as Coleridge dtdjsame I *# ? ^aSe features of their creed.' [ ' Bocks ? A the le^ -x$™u How j^y sections of Christians,' I ***&' SSI&m; I 'are really seeking to vapourize or sub I frJ^v -f3on, on the plea of more humane and ? Site thar «3°n'but perhaps rather to escape from I 5^Ml?fcJ£»a Systematic? The troubled ? thebonds oi w^ PaI1_Cnrjs1 Cities, Fantisolatnes, ? *r rf°**r ftXtemization of Churches, and the amal I &*2* JSaSoae sect is exalting Theism, by getting I f*'^? Gomel; whilst another school implores us to I M tfieS of Jesus by giving up our belief m I S? aX» ?»* BiBsenters woul* exchange pulpits I ^^^migratory curates; and some burn with I 'iTWoot flie wall of demarcation, whether in I ** ? TT crave yards.' ['Aspects of Positivism.'] I ^MwhilBtaese large tracts of toe supernatural are I JESdaTof decomposition, of falling in and falling I KS and then melting altogether, and this for I °^f fXtwhich in the nature of the case they cannot I ^7 a fiim under-pin of logic ; the Catholic Church I - Xer from the granite square of divine authoritative I £K hardens and strengthens, rather than softens and I Iriffi, under the influence of the new sun in the new I ^fSTcimrch,' says the same thinker, 'shows a I ^.fcd contrast with this tendency to evaporate. Amidst - I Jh Meemese of the rest to escape outside their own skins, I «d toind a new pou sto in pure ether, Borne has been I Snoay.'SyBtematicaUy hardening her own system. She I SiMkineherfpnnulaj far more definite, and has applied I XasTwth startling courage to all the problems of I ita world. In &1 tbxee Parts ' oi religion— in I doctrine, worship, and government, especially in I the last, sne at least has been showing no I iLariice of her opinions— no desire to apologise herself I Into* metaphor. Therein, doubtless, in her own light she I . ri-kt. That profound staff, which from the Vatican I diredB the Catholic army, a staff to which that of Von I Moltke is as a petty and clumsy machine, has long been at I work to refit every part of the Catholic organism, and to I naie more unmistakable the mechanism of its discipline. I The growing success of this tremendous project, the -in- I amilcance of the Old Catholic bubble, and of all attempts I »t rebellion, Lave shown how truly the scheme was in the I «t md alive to the spirit of the situation. The sagacity I of Papal Borne, comparable to nothing in history but to I theeagacity of Imperial Borne, saw, no doubt, that in the I seat and final battle with Revolution, ... a I religion like a State, or an army, must tighten and not I loosen its cohesion ; it most give its whole intellec I tnal gnd practical mechanism more unhesitating authority. I ... The re-assertion of Ultramontanism, in which I Prince Bismarck, afflicted like so many Roman I Emperors with the delirium tremens of power, sees a spectre threatening his life, is really as old as our own generation; it began when the Catholic staff realised the croistobe met, and resolved on the desperate is3ue— S. Ittrm contra mundum. Suicidal it may be— but Borne, st any rate, will not die mphelo-cephalus, nor swear that the sever meant anything bv Christianity.' Two things, then, are crucially indicative of a coming struggle; the softening of the landslip, and the hardening of the City on the Bock. The gradual melting away of positive belief, and the rejection wholly or in part of a coherent scheme of doc trine, and an organized code of practice, is one of the | portentous signs of a dark and distressing future. In | Fnnoe, Spain, Italy, Belgium, and Germany, it is the ' tame. In every class the apostles of materialism are to be found. The acute and active politician, the man of science, {he litterateur and the polemist by profession, as well as a swarm of intellectual adventurers, who have everything to gain, every change being a change for the letter for them, are, day by day, doing the work of the white ant, and loosening the rivets and nuts which keep together tie great framework of society below themselves. Bnt, dismissing: other nationalities, look at our own England, with which we are so inseparably bound up, whose influence moral and religious is brought to bear npen ob Uke a tide, and with every tide. Humanly speak ing, what she becomes, that -we shall be : we are in great measure her reflection, or her shadow, he would not say, net mimic. This question then i« brought home to us with a special significance, viz. : What is the mental attitude of Her leading thinkers, and of those who form the bone *™ anew of the people, whose mental labourers those . thmierflare? Let Mr. Greg, a gentleman of wide personal experience, *ad a keen observer of English intellectual life, reply. He MJfl, emphatically:— ft'Jvr6!6 ^ the .Btroasest mental power, the finest tnougnt, the highest intelligence amongst us, is yearly ffiverguiginore and more from Christianity, is diseasing ™ roth in it, assuming towards it not so much a hostile, as '. '?«*$ neutral, almost saperciliott?, attitude— an «Mude which may perhaps best be described as one of 'uew lomneiation and disapproval— of looking, and ?JJ^ng by on the other side.* The preponderant intel J?B ev«y Hue-statesmanlike, legal, scholarly, scientific, S7' ™nsf ial— is no longer believing, is as a rule, dis *wfly unbelieving.' [« bAb Ahead,' p. 128-9.] '™f. general decomposition of thought as this possible ™«npttae leaders, without passing to the masses below Lom^'ii61*? if6™ m&T;'- 'A very large proportion,' in tnl- Probably the majority, of the operative classes wAw '??total unbelievers ; and these are not the ihsw 'j» *B»mnabIe, but, on the contrary, consist of ttoni*«!!i 8kaiea workmen, the most instructed and Kg*?, as well as the steadiest. The hard- headed, toS1-1^ engineers, and foremen, members of Z?'™» institutes, the natural leaders of the artisans, Uttffi* 'factually, not morally; they disbelieve totewLu* hav£ui(luirett1- argued and observed, and have ioenT *° £btain torn, their Methodist f ellow-work- uswenf fev^.?°m ministsrs of the Gospels, satisfying wKzZ . i^ d-'*ts. Amongst the manufacturing ftn»l» *L a aigaest description of citizen labourers naksX *Cfl»wltnevea more confidence than of the ffS'i f the 8ocial 8Cale» *?»* the intellect of *te(S?» ***?. forced from the prevalent creeds of ^SS«W^on M **« less learned class and the lees *idew£ Iedwitb- infidelity by those who should pro 88 the mW811 killd o£ n°arisnment, in proportion ?^'n thet^f8 are. kught and encourgged to reject and reject ttiL p?na?ral* ^-V taia round and scorn and ttWvM ij ^P'ne repudiated aU authority above 'uthorihr « ^'J14 «W1 tenaciously maintain their own * ^te1' ^^ below aiemselves. ri«tsttit«.ere- ^^ m able English pen, 'there are ?atoll ». ?2: ***&*? f-»r great national institutions, for ^^W^^nea from local ideas, is diminishing, ©ea^g^ ine seu-Eufficiency of popular opinion is in iine^_.* *?*' Everywhere the difficulty of organ SSm^? *? g«-wing,-the residuum, aided by the b^J^BMf more and more dearly that there is no 88 «S2f t & for Poetical opinion at all, and that Win, ai^KfSr11^*1011 fo a0001* support is at least no **a»Miu«»« ^ «cnse for determining a secret vote, S^C jn^f11811 that support wiU result in *attBi3 ?£**£ Iees and less that they have any ^kosBuSfa-mtheirl)olitioalleade'» and indeed hold J^thabrfr? ue mn°a rather their own instruments ioirtit^SsT18803 respected advi«ere. .... ]N-«d» £a£ T*y y°n wm» ft '^B to pronMe for *?' kut J^S^ mean o'* capridoBB politics, in which 'crnpmoiiB men wfll oome to^etopjMia tue I most scrupulous and most eminent will be cowed and silenced— in which either the House of Commons will lose I control of the wild whims of th-j people, or the wild whims | of the people will gain control of the House of Commons ; and which of thealt-.rnatives is the worst it is hard to sav.' [Spectator, April 24, 1875.] * Such, then, are ^he elements amongst which the fnture will have to do its work — elements which alreaiy offer indications of the virulence of that poison, the power of that Hidden Spring, which, as yet, has not fairly found a leverage; or exhibited ene tithe of its genuine elasticity. Now, what is the Hidden Spring of the possible success of that unseen attraction which, massively and Bilently, almost with the sleeplessness and certainty of gravitation is drawing the world's mind out of its old moorings, where there is comparative peace and rest, into that 'dark Illimitable ocean, where eldest Night And Chaos, ancestors of Nature, hold Sternal anarchy.' The Hidden Spring of materialism is centred in, and derives its main energy from, the Sect, the Church of the Revolution, the International Secret Society, which is weaving its network around the world. He (the speaker) used the generic term, ' the Sect,' as this materialism is made up of a hundred independent, yet at the same time ' sympathetic, centres ; all, whatever their mutual relations, aiming Bteadily at one mark. Just as the Catholic Church forms the centre- heart of the supernatural, so does the Sect form the centre-heart of materialism. Were it destroyed, were that impalpable wide-extending network t raked away, were the Church of the Revolution abolished, and the secret craft committed to the winds, th£ eupenatural would soon regain her own ; and, in fact, turn the tide of human energy once more in the direction of order in society, truth in religion, and morality in diplomacy and politics. But this is easier said than done. The sect already possesses a strong hold upon society; it is skilfully manipulated, and persistently, nay doggedly, toils, without discouragement, at C3rryingout its vast ambitions. Infidelity amongst leaders of thought and public thinkers, atheism amongst skilled labourers and artizane, and frightful immorality from one end of the gamut to the other, compose the muddy waters in which this conspiracy can ply its trade with best advantage to itself. Let us point out a few of its salient characteristics, that it may be seen with what manner of an antagonist the supernatural will have to deal. 'Friendship,' we are told by its ritual, 'is the sacred bond which unites together 'all the brethren of our craft; for however much scattered they may be over the face of the earth, they all compose one only body, because one is their origin and one their aim ; one the mystery with which 'they are initiated ; one the path by which they are led ; one the gauge and measure applied to each and all of them; and one the spirit by which they are animated.' [Eckhert; Die Trage der Btaatl Anerk., p. 12. Leipsic, 1852.] At the present moment this craft is said to number seventeen millions of men, banded together for secret ends l-y secret oaths throughout the world. And out of these there are a chosen few who represent a Hidden Spring within the vast machine. The object proposed to them selves by those who compose this central cell of operation is as world-embracing as that aimed at by the Catholic Church. The intent of these sectaries is to do in the future what the Church has done in the past— to possess, break up, reorganise, and renew the world. The object of the sect, says a leader of it, ' is not to lay down certain principles which must be respected within the narrow enclosure of its assemblies ; the whole of society is its aim. The lodges are schools where men must be formed to certain convictions, so that they may be able to struggle wiUi vigour in the 'profane world,' and especially in the political arena.' [M. Neut, Tom I., p. 267.] The altar, the throne, civil society as at present constituted, are, under the action of jits breath*, to melt down into an international communism, when the impossible equality of all men shall be achieved ; when the Almighty God, and, consequently, dogma and Christian morality shall be expunged ; and when, out of the most unmitigated materialism, the future perfection of humanity, like thephasnix from its ashes, shall arise. Nor is all this in these days very carefully concealed. Such is the public teaching indeed of a foremost master. He says boldly that the brotherhood is in duty bound to place itself not only above different religions but 'above all belief in any God whatever.' [M. Neut, Tom. II., p. 233.] 'We are our own Priests, our own Gois,' exclaims another, 'and this unlimited, complete, universal liberty is a right.' [Const. Magonnique, Art. 1.] This eecrct craft, which during the last two hundred years has been accumulating energy and widely extending, is organ ized with great cunning, and so adapted to the conditions of Eociety and the changing positions of human thought, that only those who have been ' schooled,' tested, and found worthy, are gradually and cautiously admitted to a full knowledge of its secret aims. This many-sided machine is made up of fromJtMrty tojninety Hidden Springs, ? or circles one within the other, which represent the various grades of initiation. Those who are permitted to occupy the outer circle are f o far practised with, are so far the tools or instruments of the prime-movers, that without being aware of it, they simply act the part of ornamental dummies, or show-figures ; and are paraded before the world, that the world may feel reassured, that a blind oath of secrecy notwithstanding, little harm could attach to a crast, however secret, so long as dukes and lords, and men of large estate, and of high character were members of it. How could that society be subversive of the throne, which is patronized by Royalty itself ? Hew can that be destructive of rale and social order to which bo many statesmen of eminence give their names? How can that be the instrument of a communistic levelling which counts amongst its members, men, whose who e Btstne is intimately bound up with ancient lineage, and hereditary estate ? So speaks the vulgar world of ' the profane' as it looks on, and admires the gorgeous pageants and the painted masks. And so plausible and telling is this argument^ that it would become cogent enough to be conclusive, were it not patent, from documentary evidence, first, that those who masquerade for us along the outer circle are kept in ignorance concerning the hidden aims of the ruling few ; and secondly, that those aims ate absolutely and radically subversive of those institutions on which the actors on the outer circle depend for their very life. They are dancing on a volcano which they are hiding from the world, and do not know it : — ??In gallant trim'the gilded vessel goes; Youth on the prow and Pleasure at the helm; KegardlesE of the sweeping whirlwind's sway, That, hushed in grim repose, expects his evening prey. 3 To meet in large assemblies, to display a strange and gorgeous dress, to enact a number of mysterious rites, to practice occasional acts of general philanthropy, and enjoy good fare-, and drink to ''Loyalty and Chanty,' not only appear to be harmless amusements in themselves, but will be regarded wtth favour by society at large as tokens of union and good-fellowehip, and, therefore, a.hb, of stability and order. Such is the superficial view of the busy world, and of the uninitiated on the outer circle who have not been sufficiently schooled in the principles of their own destruction to be trusted with, more responsible offices than those which speak of convivial gatherings and general benevolence. So smiles the outer mask as it displays itself to the profane in all the paraphernalia of authority, and all the luxurious pride of class. But were you to remove it, and strip the figures of their stage effects, were you to penetrate from the outer to the inner mind, something else besides conviviality, grips and gro tesque costumes would be discovered. The sect, let us do it the justice io say eo, is no mere shallow plaything used simply for turning grave and thoughtful men tack into boys. The smiling cheek, the sunny eye, and the frank address, which front the outside world, here are no longer needed. They make way for something more pro found and radical than surface polish and graceful'manners. To the secret moves the ripple on the surface is simply something ludicrous, when proposed as an end in life ; for they are ever directed towards an achievement which im plies an altitude of audacity and ambition scarcely measurable by ordinary rule — an ambition which for ever sleeplesely, and with exhaustless patience, pushes towards its go 1. And just as those who are set to play the outside game are kept ignorant of the secrets of the sect, so u the profane' world is deprived of all knowledge of them whatever by solemn oaths en the part of each member of the craft. I The impalpable wall which protects the sect from the scrutiny, not to my the vengeance, of the general public a made up of the following fearful oath, or oaths to the sar;:e effect : — ' I swear in the name of the Supreme Architect of all ? worlds, never to reyeal the secrets, the eigns, the grips, the \ password, the doctrines, or the customs of the sect . and to , preserve, with respect to them, an eternal silence. I promise and swear te God never to betray any of them, either by writing, by word, or gesture; never to cause them to be written, lithographed, or printed; never to make public anything of that which has now been confided, to me, or of that which shall be confided to me in future. I pledge myf elf to thip, and submit myself to tbe following penalties if' I fail in keepiBg my word:— They may burn my lips with a red hot iron, they may cut off my hand, they may pluck out my tongue, they may cut my throat, they may hang up my dead body in a lodge till the admission of a new brother, as a scourge for my faithlessness, and as a terrible warning to others. Then they may burn it, and cast ite ashes to the winds, to the end that there may not remain a single trace of the memory of my treason. So help me God, and His Holy Gospel. Amen.' Such is the abominable, and he would not hesitate to call it criminal oafti, which we are assured is administered to those who are to be initiated into the secret brotherhood. The victim enters on his career by loading his soul with the fearful burden and responsibility of an oath, binding him before God to a secrecy, the bearings of which he could not possibly define. Designs of the most heinous wicked ntES might be unfolded to him whilst thus his mouih is locked. And he calls the King of Justice to witness that he will not bring the criminal to the bar, or move his tongue to expose, for the sake of general society, to which he owes it, the infernal machine which may be preparing for its destruction. Well may those who stand on the outer edge, and who may be gentlemen of unsullied honour, be kept in ignor ance, though they may have been entrapped in the cage with i(s iron bars of a secret oath to God. Well may they be allowed to rest until time, and the schooling of ' modern thought,' and the pressure of ' advanced ideas,' have prepared them for another, and then another revela tion. Well may the number of circles have been multi plied from three to over ninety, each inner one with another veil removed, and another abyes revealed, accord ing as the victim's mind has been seasoned to bear the shock. But let M. Louis Blanc, who speaks with authority given to few, explain in his own authoritative language the disci plina arcani of the craft : — ' As the three grades,' he says (apprentice, companion, and master), 'included a great number of men who were entirely opposed, by their station and principles, to all social subversion, the innovators multiplied the degrees of the mystic ladder which each had to climb ; they created fresh ledges reserved fcr ardent souls. They instituted the higher grades of ? Elect,' ' Knight of the bun,' of ' Strict Observance/ and of ' Kadosch,' (or regenerated man), dark sanctuaries, the doors of which were never opened to the adept, till after a long series of trials calculated to prove his progreFS in revolutionary education, to try the constancy of his faith and test the strength and metal of his character.' ]' Historyof Ten Years.'] ' It pleased certain soverigns, Frederick the Great amongst the rest, to join the craft. Why not ? The existence of the higher grades lieing carefully concealed from them, they only know about it what could be revealed to them without danger. They had no need to trouble their heads about it ; kept down as they u ere in the lower grades, where they only saw an opportunity of amusement, joyous banquets, principles taken up and laid down at the threshold of the lodges, formulas that had no refeience to ordinary life ; in a word, only a comedy of equality. But in these matters comedy borders closely on tragedy, and princes and nobles are brought to sanction with their names, and blindly to serve with their influence, the latent enterprises directed against themselves.' At time?, however, the sappers and miners belonging to the sect, in their anxiety to draw men of influence into the inner circle, forget their ordinary caution ; and produce a recoil which becomes \ery inconvenient. Frederick, Prince of Orange, is a case in point. He was raised to a high position amongst the Brotherhood in 1816. He was thought sufficiently advanced to be admitted to some small portion of the hidden mysteries and aims. But, for once, the miners had mistaken their man. The Prince, horror stricken at what he saw and heard, resigned his dignities, and boldly published his reasons fer doing eo to the world. ' I am a Christian, and ?will ever remain one,' he exclaims : and goes on to show how the birth, life, and death of our Divine Redeemer is treated as a legend, and made a mere parable and plaything of ; and how the very ritual of the craft is condemnatory of the divine character, as well as of the divine teaching of Christ, and of His holy law. Thus not only those who have been leaders and directors of the craft teach us that 'behind thick curtains of secrecy' there are prime movers ever sleeples6ly at work, and mat that work is one of radical revolution; but the great ones of the world also, corroborate their testimony to 6uch an extent that, if they be permitted to get too near and see too clearly into the Hidden Spring, they withdraw with horrer as men who have stepped, thinking it to be a flower, upon a rattle-snake. Let us penetrate now into an inner, though perhaps not an inmost circle. Let us see how a 'Knight Kadosch ' is made, who steps above the mere administrative order, and represents, according to a high authority, the 'essential compliment' of this institution. The victim, for that is the best and truest name for him, has to pass through four different apartments, and his pro fession and initiation is completed in the last. The firet room is hung with black, and ifl lit by a single triangular lamp hune; from the ceiling. It is in communi cation with a cellar, a kind of cabinet of reflection, where are found mingled together the symbols of death, sorrow, and destruction. The second apartment is draped in white. Two altars stand in the centre. One is an urn full of sprits of wine, which fills the room with its glaring light; and on the other altar bums fire in a brazier, and incense by its side. The third is lined with blue hangings. The ceiling is adorned with stars, and three yellow wax candles lend to it a sombre and melancholy light. In the fourth and last room is held the Supreme Council of the Elders, the Great Knights- Kadoseh. It is hung round with red drapery, and lit by twelve yellow wax candleB. When he has passed through the three rooms, with the usual ceremonial, the candidate is ushered into the fourth ; and here he is made acquainted with the nature of the new obligations and engagements which he_ contracts. Then he is made to go up and down a mysterious Udder, and the emblem of his grade is placed in his hand. This emblem has ite hidden meaning: It consists of a cross with a three-headed serpent. This emblem represents the evil which is said to have been introduced into the world by the three higher classes of society. On the head of one serpent a Boyal crown is fixed, which is representative of kings, emperors, and civil rulers ; on the second, a Tiara and St. Peter's keys, which is representative of the supernatural, and especially of the 'Vicar of Christ on earth, and his authority to bind and loose; and the third wears a sword, emblematic of military authority or executive power. It now becomes the duty of the candidate to use his influence to destroy those three so-called enemies of freedom and ' modern thought.' As a pledge that he will not shirk his newly-imposed obligation of subverting religion and society, the candidate takes a dagger in his hand, and sharply cuts the three heads of the serpent, and then the crown, Tiara, and sword fall to the ground.* [^Explanation of the Grade, by F. Ragan.] Thus are mengradually conducted into the inner glooms. Thus they are gradually seasoned and exercised, so as to be fit to bear, without blinking, the rays of darkness pro ceeding from the lampblack sun of the society. ' Dark ness, mystery, and an awful cath to pronounce,' say M. Louis Blanc, ' a secret to learn from each trial courageously borne, a secret to keep under pain of execration and death, peculiar signs whereby the brothers recognise one another at the uttermost end of the earth, ceremonies referring to a murder, and seeming to hatch and foster ideas of vengeance — what more fit to form conspirators ?' Standing, then, within the inner circle of Kadosch, let us apply the measure which we have already used upon Paganism and the Supernatural to this hidden empire within an empire, this ethereal society within society, to this almost spiritual entity, which, with ite invisible sappers and miners fixing their blasts in the keystone of the world, like the dry rot in timber, leaves everything apparently untouched in ite condition, whilst it is all the while turning ite strength to duet and powder, and pre paring for a great catastrophe unexpected in proportion as itisnenr First, the idea of God. As the cardinal ? p-inciple of the sect is ??absolute toleration,' the dogma of Divinity cannot be entertained. Fcr to ineiet on a Diviue Per sonality, or even on a General Providence, would be, and is emphatically declared to be, 'intolerantly sectarian,' and a direct uprooting: of ' liberty of conscience and free~ dom of opinion.' ' I affirm,' exclaims a leader amongst the Brotherhood, 'I affirm that the name of God is a word void of stnse.' ' We must not only place ourselves,' exclaims a second. ' above different religions, bat above all belief in any God whatever !' 'It is only fools,' cried' out a third,' ' that speak and dream still of a God ! ' And, as if to crown the highest pinnacle of blsshemy and lunacy, a fourth, raving amongst his fellows, exclaims to them, ' We will be our own priests, and our own Gods ! ' Now. what is the teaching with regard to man ? The' sect boldly and consciously inverts the Divine order of facts : or rather, God being blotted out, the supernatural circle being swept clean away into space, the only material' out of which a God can be made, is man. Hence ' humanity ' is set up, and deified and worshipped. 'Our templep,' 'exclaims one of these ? modern thin bers,' 'our temples consecrated te the worship of humanity can ae yet be open only to a few. We should indeed expose ourselves to a charge of idolatry were we to attempt to personify the moral idea of humanity in the way in which the Divinity is usually personified, ... On this account, therefore, it is advisable not to reveal the cultm of humanity to the eyes of the uninitiated, until at length the time shall oome when from cast to west, from north to south, this lofty conception of humanity shall find a. place in every breast.' Again : ' We must live as Gods,'' exclaims another apostle of the future. 'The spirit which animates us;' he continues,' ' is an eternal spirit ; it knows no division of time or individual existence. A sacred unity pervades and governs the wide firmament of heaven ;. it is our one calling, our one duty, our one God ! Yes,, we are God ! We ourselves are God ! ..... Looking upon our spiritual nature, we men may be said to form part of the great whole, the great being of God. The mythB, the legends, the beliefs of benighted nations will all one day disappear before the consciousness that man himself 'is God.f- ['' Secret Warfare,' p. 229.] Let statesmen look one moment at the logical consequence of this wild teaching, which goes by the name of ' Modem Thought,' and the outcome of which goes by the name of ' Civilization and Modern Progress.' God being destroyed, if society exist at all, it must be governed without a God. Here there is no longer any use I talking about a separation between Church and State ; for if there is no God, there can be no Church to separate from. God, and therefore the Supernatural, will be regarded by such authorities as remain, both as usurpers' and imposters, which, for this twofold reason, ought to be dethroned and crushed out of existence without delay. The State thus becomes not merely separated from, but absolutely hostile to God and Christ, to all positive reve lation by book or otherwise; in a word, to the whole circle of the Supernatural. But since man's nature, how ever depraved and drugged, clamours for a god of some kind, true or false, man himself is set on the pedestal to be his own divinity ; and that there should be no jealousy, that all without exception might have in this divine nature some sort of participation, humanity is deified ; and being i represented to the mind most forciby by the State, the State becomes god, and hence, supreme ruler — or rather demoniacal tyrant over the liberty of the subject, and .the freedom of his c nscience. Thus, despots weave the web in which flies are caught : and the sapper and miner put down their tools, ataudon their secret haunts, and ? fix themselves on, and suck the blood of the victims on which their eyes have been glaring from the first. Thus good and evil, right and wrong, the eternal principles o£ Justice, truth, holiness, love — which have no meaning when cut off from God, their origin — become simply reek ings and vapourings which can neither reward nor punish, praise nor blame, -which possess ao authority whatever, for they are but the fumings and exhalations of that bit of phosphorus of which, it is said, man's brain is made. Does not the figure and outline presented to us by ' modem thought ' recall that Paganism which the Supernatural, confronted and chaefd into the darkness? , Thus God being obliterated, and man being turned into* G^vwnat Is the characteristic of the Seot'B' teaching'? T'i£?'bf direct and fierce polemic against the Supernatural. Before erecting its fabric of socialism and communism combined, Materialism must cut away the heart of the Supernatural, and the ingrained traditions of the human, mind. The sect fixes savagely on one dogma as its own, whilst gnashing its teeth at all dogmas, it is this, viz., that absolute liberty and unlimited freedom to do, say, or think any thing he hkes,is the natural, unalienable right of every man. Hence this other doctrine, taught with, noisy vio lence, viz., that the sect is above all dogma, that^ it is anterior and superior to all religion ; that it is to give a new pulse to the world, and that it, with its wonderful v , organization, may, and indeed will, eventually, replace the ; Christian Church. Being thus, as it were, kept out of its birth-right by the Supernatural, the sect is ever launching its poibon-tipped arrows at the heart of it, and exerts all its ingenuity to blacken its character, and lower ; its prestige in the estimation of the world. Thus,; it j describes the Snpematnral as 'a bastard religion,' ana j its ministers as a set of men who have ' undertaken to : enslave all progress, stifle light, and destroy all liberty, ill j order to reien quietly over a brutalized population of igno- ' rant slaves.*' The sect, exclaims one of its chief orators, ! should 'carry the scapel into the very sanctuary of that blind faith which we have sucked from our mother's breast. . . . No; the revealed God does not exist!' 'We must raise altar against altar,' says another of : these Apostles, 'teaching against teaching ... : We must fight; but fight with the oertsinty of victory.' \ ' Our final object and aim,' shonts another, ' is that of ; Voltaire in the French Revolution,— the total annihilation f for ever of Catholicity, and all ideas of Christianicy. ' Such a design as this is absolutely being attempted at ; this hour by some of the more advanced confraternities. Looking round themselves from the centre of self, they ; can see neither hope before nor light behind them. They ', preach the eternal 'unknown' before birth, which is , simply to be followed by the ' eternal nothingness ' after ' it. So completely have they extinguished the deeper in etnote of humanity which confess that i ?? Even trom the tomb the voice of nature cries, i Even in our ashes live their wonted fires '.' .5 To show how intensely they believe in their Materialistic , } creed, they enter into secret compacts ons with the other : to annihilate, so far as their influence is concerned, religion, ( and all reference whatsoever to the supernatural. They ' solemnly pledge one the other never to have a child bap. \ tized, never to celebrate a religious marriage, never to permit a clergyman to visit their homes in times of sick- i cess, never to open their doors to him in times of death, never to Buffer the remains to be brought within reach of ; his ministrations. \ ? Thus the tenth Article of the Statutes says—' Lest the i free-thinker should be prevented at the moment of death by foreign influence from fulfilling his obligations towards the ! committee, he will remit to three of the brothers (to f acili- : tate their mission in such case) a mandate, of which there- ? shall be at least three official copies, giving full authority to ? their brothers to protest loudly, if for any reason whatever : his formal will and resolution should be disregarded to be . buried without any kind of religious rite.' [' Le Monde ? ' Magonnique,' torn, ix.] 'He died without the assistance of any minister of religion — ' ' He departed faithful to bis- , principles, and was buried without a priest'— such are con- '*\ eidered by their friends the highest form of panegyric : that can be pronounced over the remains of the departed j ] and in the ears of those they love, ' Only fools,' ex- i claims Zelle, who is an interpreter of this frame of mind,. ;\ 'only fools, ignorant and weak in understanding, dream jf still of God and the immortality of the soul ! f' Le Monde - !l Magonnique, torn, iv., page 654.] Indeed, the sect in its '. formal apology for its principles, boldly declares that it & 'teaches men how to be virtuous without the stimulus J of hope or fear, independently alike of heaven or hell.' §j The sectary, it says, 'looks to no future reward; he has 9 received his recompense in the present, and therewith he is fi content.' [The Attitude, &c;, by £. Sdkerr, Leipeig, m 1862.] Thus it follows as a necessary consequence, II to uee the expressions of another craftsman, that 1 'as matters now stand the presence of tbe Bible- jn on our altars is an empty form. From whatever H joint of view -we regard the Bible, we do ^ not B hesitate to declare openly that is our reunion* it i» || out of place once and for ever; dace the doctrines of humanity now occupy the most prominent portion, and are taught as the best method of ameliorating the condition of mankind.' [See Almanack of the Sect, 1872.] ' Super stition' (that is Christianity and the Mosaic law) 6*ys another high authority, ' has hitherto been the mainstay of tyranny and deception, by means of which princes and priests have drawn mankind into their net. Fear of a future life, of an eternity of punishment, has been a motive powerful enough to hold weak minds, bowed down with the load of prejudices Bucked in with their mother's milk, and to ?enervate the holiest spirits, rendering them incapable of any great action. This is the evil of Christianity, that it en slaves minds to such a point that they are willing to endure any present suffering- with the consoling1 hope of a life to come. On this account it becomes indispensable to under mine the pillar which bears up such a structure of supersti tion. But as the number of those who yet fondly cling to the pious fictions of their childhood is very large, and the Toots of political and civil institutions strike deep in the national soul, it iB necessary to go cautiously to work. Here philosophy may take a useful hint from nature. As man is chiefly worked on through bis passions, these must be excited, and Christianity must be made ridiculous -«re the dominion of faith can be overthrown in the heart. ' Belief in revelation is a malady to which weak and pious ?minds are very subject; it is an infections epidemic, em ployed ever since the world began to effect the destruction -of human liberty; it is alike incompatible with sound reason and true freedom ; it is the parent of fanaticism and superstition.' [Waarschuwing, vol. xi.] Thus the great Kadosch, as Bnrmel says, is the soul of the Beet, and the final object of its plots is ' the reintroduction of absolute liberty and equality through the destruction of all royalty, .and the abrogation of all religions worship. [Memoiree du Jacobinistne, vol. ii., p, 322.] But it is only where it can be done with comparative impunity that the sect dares to creep up into the open day light Its universal method is that of the mole, silent burrowing and secret operations whilst it patiently educates «ni trains the mind to revive step by step a fuller and fuller view of the entire materialistic creed; whilst it administers a fearful oath under the most awful sanctions to stop all mouths, if it cannot stop all consciences. Dup t»y drop the water falls, and the drop at length wears the ?tone away. And drop by drop the poison is set upon the brain and spreads, and sodoty at length becomes fami liarized with, and treats with playfulnesp, almost with levity, views of life which some time before would have sent a thrill of horror through its nerves. Thus, within the visible soo:ety of man, there energizes another invisible -me, mixed with it and yet apart from it, following it as a shadow, and as the air encompassing it round about, and with the steady pressure of gravitation drawing it to iteelf, and infusing into it together with -the Zeit-geist, or subtle spirit of the age, itt own more cor rosive and deadly poison. Thus it is that those moral explosions are pioduoed which have from time to time sud denly bunt upon society. ' It is from the depth of yonr lodges,' exclaims De T-amartine speaking to the sect, ' that -the ideas have emanated, first in the dark, then in the twflieht, and now m the full light of day, which have laid the foundations of the revolutions of 1789, 1830, and 1848 !' Ard he might have added, ' which have been for years pre paring the world for that reign of materialism which now etsnds so threatening in the future.' Already has this secret net-worK spread itself over the world, and interwoven itself with the very meshes of society. 'The sect,' says Emile Grisar, ' possesses by its affiliations enormous resources.' He represents it as ?*? a robust body, a coloesus with a thousand ho ids, with an hundred thousand arm9 ; the great instrument of all social Teforma, the laboratory of all new ideas, and the precursor ?ot that democratic spirit which is advancing with giant strides. The number of our holy militia,' he «xclaimp, ' extends d«y by day^ our arms are multiplied, -and very soon we shall be able tb clasp the whole country in our embrace.' [Neui.tom. i., p. 290.] So much for its strength ; now as to its Bubrletv. ' The greatest and wisest men,' say6 one of the brotherhood, *' have bestowed on our society a constitution which gives last ng proof of their sagacity. Shrouied in threefold ingfat, we move among our adversaries, and unseen by them, acquaint ourselves of their weak \Krtat8, tUus trowtiMnK the mastery over their mind and heart. 'We use'^eir passions as wires, whereby without their being aware of the fact, we set them in motion, compelling them to work in union with us, whilst they ignorantly imagine them selves to be gratifying their own wishes. It would be unwise ?to engage in open warfare; the spread of freedom of thought and independence of action is the surest means of undetmiTiing the gigantic monument erected by ambitioD. Under the very shadow of authority our members work the mighty tool committed to them.' The sect, 'great and terrible, degs your steps, spins out your proceedings, reads the thought of your inmoBt soul, watches you when you imagine yourself enveloped in impenetrable darkness. Its hidden and irresistible influence shatters your plans, ite powerful arm wrests the dagger from your grasp. 'With your help, brethren,' he continues,' we will strike the chainB which still bind the peoples of the earth.'' f8ee Wiener Journal fiir Freimauer Msa. for the Brethren, 2nd year, No. i.. p. 66.] Such are the character, methods, and aims of that elastic organisation, of that laboratory of the revolution, forming ihe centre-cell of the Materialistic cancer, which, from a hidden ee ret centre, pushes its horrid fangs and tenta -cles about the world. Its aim now stands out clear before -us : it is nothing less than the utter destruction of the supernatural in every shipe and form ; . and of civil «ociety as at present constituted upon the broad frame work of Christian revelation. It aims at Deicide, for it would annihilate God; it aims at suicide, and that of the most criminal kind, for it would annihilate min's immor tality. It contracts the whole vision of the soul to earth. That eye which used to seem to see ' The great world's altar stain Slope thro' darkness up to God,' «ow pieroes through the obscurity in vain. Man, from being in freedom, finds himself in a cage, and in vain beats «gainst its massive bare of matter. Materialism clips the -wings of hope, opens the heart to hunger, and leaves it to ?despair, and plucks out the eye of Faith. Humanity being enthroned in the place of God, like a brutal tyrant, quenches at once the torch of liberty, and erases the word ' Free dom,' as an intelligible expression, from the vocabulary of nations. Earth rocka back to chaos, and the spirit is Wiled in universal night, ' Not pierceable by power of any star.' Both Church and State have shown themselves alive to \- the possibilities of the future. Over and over has the State nut its fo«t upon the sect as being a dangerous and revolutionary element of disorder and destruction. Over and over again has the Church exp wed his character, and -warned the world against it by her strong amthemas. The States-General of Holland proscribed it in 173-5, and King I/mis XVr.. of France, in 1737. The Great Council of Berne did likewise in 1748. and it was totally suppress 1 in Bavaria in ltt4S. At Milan and in Venice it wis dealt roughly with by the Civil Power in 1814; whilst at liodena, in Spain, Portugal, Prussia, and in the Russian Empire, it has been looked upon by those entrusted with authority as one of the great and growing perils of the age. 8tQl, it has been, and it must be confessed, is gaining grjund; and it would be difficult to find a ruler with sufficient boldness or perrons! courage at the present day, 4a bring his authority to bear for its destruction Xcperienoe, and 'what pays,' implies a prin ciple much used by diplomatists and statis ?msB ; and they find it convenient to disregard, and at times . ?to connive at, and occasionally to encourage, combinations . and forces the strength and viudictiveBess of which they. cannot measure ; and the overt actions of which have not ?as yet forced themselves into any ugly prjminence. The world is principally ruled by waiting, and by meeting con tingencies as they present themselves, rather than by fore casting and traparing elaborate methods of aggression or defence apainst some possible enemy whose movements are etillbuiiedinthedart. There is one power, however, whose especial vocation, whose, veiy profession in life it is. to publish the truth, . coit what it may, to £he world. The Catholic Church, 4he Heart of the Supernatural, has, from the first, through the mouths of her Sovereign Pontiffs, sent forth her. light and warning— ? warning given in no uncertain voice — with regard to this arch-enemy of the Supernttur&l.; ?She, if mo other, sees with eyes illuminated by her con tinual contact with what fs beautiful and true, the de ifomvty, the falsehood, the massive evil of that system which is doing all it can to bring her down, and introduce a reign of universal darkness. Pope Clement XII., so far back as the eighteenth century, denounced the sect as ?* the open enemy of the Catholic Church.' In the present century it Has already been condemned by four Sovereign Pontiffs. Pius VII., Leo XII., Gregory XVI., and the reigning Pope_ have, severally warned the world, and then openly and in its hearing, and for its benefit and guidance, anathematized and cursed this destructive principle of chaos and of death. Bishop Ketteler sums up the true attitude of the Church when he says :— 'There is then, on the cne hand the Catholic Church, and on the other the sect. Here the work of God, the work of Christ, and all these who believe in Him ; there the work of men, who deny God and his Christ, or at any rate abandon Him. A j Catholic who joins the sect deserts the temple of the living ; God to work at the temple of an idol.' And such being the case what conclusion do we come to to-night P Is it to abanden Christ crucified, and adore instead one of two such malefactors as Paganism and Materialism ? Are we to choose what is more brutal than Barabbas, in preference to the Saviour who redeemed us, and prefer a murderer of all the high and holy things, a deetrover of Gcd and man, tb that glorious revelation which'having been given in the conscience, is perfected in the Gospel, and leads as straight through life to death, and from death to life again ? There can be but one unanimous reply. To whom shall we go ? Christ alone —and He has shown it in the contests of eighteen hundred years— has the words of eternal life. Christ shall reign. Christ ehall rule. But how ? Not by our remaining listless and supine, but by our rousing ourselves, and pnsbing back the advancing darkness, by meeting the foe with determined boldness, and confronting him at every point ; and finally, by snbjugating him through the sheer force of that goodness, beauty, and truth, which he altogether lacks. Let us, let the people rouse themselves ; let none slick back; let the whole circle of the Super natural, that great army which still looks up to the Supreme King of kings as its commander, under His flaming banner, led by His eve, directed by His intelligence, and armed with a courage that comes from the Heart of the Eternal— advance against that Colossus with ite thousand heads and hundred thousand arms which, looming in the distance, promises to take captive and enslave the future generations of mankind. ' All in a moment through the gloom were seen, Ten thousand banners rise into the air, With Orient colours waving. With them rose A forest huge of spears ; and thronging helms AppearM, and serried shields, in thiok array, Of depth immeasurable.' True, the enemy is many and is powerful, still we need feel no craven fear, though it is right to feel anxiety. Theie is One, but only One, who is stronger than man, and can take him, with all his fierce passions, captive, can lay all his banners low, and cause his shield to fall, and his spear to drop useless by his side. Though ' The million with fierce song and maniac dance Did rage around,' He, who coveted the haughty Roman, and softened the heart of the fierce barbarian, He who has already shown on an imperial scale how he can subjugate pride and passion to Himself, would not shorten H»' arm and leave us to be overcome, and then to perish. Society has it in its own hands whether it will be saved or not. He will not be wanting to it, if it is not wanting to itself. How, then, shall the enemy be encountered ? First, what is the hidden spring of his s access, of the future force of materialism, taking it in its widest signification? and secondly, what is its main weapon of offence ? and finally, what shall society, and we, who belong to the very heart of the supernatural, do to meet its ceniing most effectually P If we can only discover the true answers to these questions, and do what they impose upon us, and that with all our might, then these words will not have been spoken in vain. IV. — The hidden spring of materialism is pride of reason, which, before man was made, ' With ambitious aim, Against the throne and monarchy of God, Raised impious war in Heaven, and battle proud, With vain attempt.' The hidden spring of all things and the measure of them is filcned. f rum God, tire -Bole-origin o£ every created form and the archetype of their perfection, and is fixed in the logical faculty of man. This hidden spring finds its moBt congenial environment and exercises its fullest ex pansion in the unapproachable recesses of the sect ; and, being made Supreme Arbiter and Absolute Dictator in the universe, its fiats become law, and its decision final. The whole supernatural, tested by its arbitrary canons, melts into space, and the only residuum of existences is com prised in a repetition of molecules and cells, such as are detected or imagined by the scientific intellect, assisted by such appliances eb modem ingenuity provides. Whilst Paganism, through the massive power of the passions, poisoned man's imagination, and humbled him to the dust ; making him bow down before the counterparts of his own passions to worship them ; materialism, deliberately and in cold blood, proceeds to take tho Almighty God off His Throne ; and, through the force of human reason acting or arbitrary principles, raises up 'humanity' to fill the vacant place. Having been enamoured with an empty idealization of himself, man declares that he himself is God, and that the other Gods or Saviours of humanity, all other essences of progress and perfectibility, are but so many figments of pious minds, or scare-crows set up by priests aid princes to keep the world off its rightful heritage of universal liberty and unlimited equality. Man's ucaEsisted reason and the products of it are to rule and direct the destinies of the race. His career is measured from end to end, from the womb to the tomb, by his earthly consciousness. As for him, there was no past befoie he was born, so tkere will be no future after he is dead. This span comprising his whole career, man must make all he can out of it ; strain from it the greatest quantity of pleasure for himself and others; and spend his days in developing such capabilities as may increase the happiness of those who will take his place after he has fallen back into that general humanity, that broad shadow, out of which he came. Man comes back to Paganism simply with an exchange of gods, and with a deeper development of human pride. That great Centre Heart of the Supernatural, which ' came eighteen hundred yiart ago into the world, which is an earnest and har binger of solution of moral problems ; which has banished from the earth, er frightened into the darkness, many of the foulest monsters that laid waste humanity ; which has restored woman to her place in the natural order, which has set up the law of right agaist the rule of force, which has proclaimed, and in many great particulars, enforced, the canon of mutual love, which has opened from within the sources of strength for poverty and weakness, and put a bit in the mouth and a bridle on the neck of pride,' — the great centre-heart of the supernatural which has done all this, is therefore simply scoffed at and trampled on ; its leaders being declaimed against as tyrants and usurpers; and its doctrines compared to so many metaphysical cobwebR spun in a dark and superstitious age for the entanglement and cat ture of man's reason. With an arrogance not without ite thread of satamc pride in it, materialism undertakes, by the action of its hidden spring, to clear this away, and pro vide for us, not only something better, but something which will meet and satisfy, as has never been done, before, the cravmes of humanity, and the wants of the human soul. Such is materialism's aim, such its steady purpose, and such its hidden spring. Now, what plan does it propose to itself in its campaign againet the Supernatural r How does Materialism pro pose to effect this ambitious purpose? By driving the Supernatural and its principles out of all minds, and by replacing it with its own theories aud philosophies of pro gression; by destroying ite Hidden Spring and replacing it by another. How does it aim at effecting this P Its plan will come out more clearly by watching the action of ite heart. What is the action of the sect ? What are ite instruments and methods P Ite great struggle and patent aim is to educate the intellect of humanity and to take possession of ite reason. The field of its operations is as wide as tbe human family itself. It adopts every instru ment '(it matters not how humble) to promote its ends, which promises in any way to act as a lever on the mind. Its ambition soars to the highest class and the foremost intellect?, and embraces all ages and conditions, from the philosopher to the artizan, from the statesman and civil ruler to the roughs in a country town. The I en and the' tongue are ite two main engines. And it Btrivesvith sleeplesB energy to enlist in its service those who can work them with most powerful effect ; thus by degrees, by bringing an equal universal pressure to bBar upon the great brain of humanity, to mould it according to its will. It aims then at the universal education of all clarstt according to one distinct philosophy; and, by means of ite network spread abroad with its invisib'e centres and attractions, it B9ems to be gradually influencing the Human consciousness towards its own methods, and ite impossible ambitions. These tactics show themselves most unmistakably in the burning question of the education of the rising gene ration. The large world of men can be practised on with out creating much suspicion ; but, if Materialism is to gat possession of the world's youth, it know3 that it must fight for that possession, and hence, whether it will or no, I exhibit the cloven foot. Here again it comes in direct clash with the Supernatural, and especially with its centre head, the Catholic Church. On this plain, openly, the battle must be, and is being, fought. It is such a battle ground as opens out to the lookers-on the battalions and squadrons of the opposing ho3te. Those who before were wavering, who hardly knew to which banner they belonged, Bow have to choose sides once for all; to determine by which of the two Hidden Springs they will be influenced, and in which direction, so far as they are concerned, the future courses of the world shall run. See for a moment the tactics of the sect. ' The teaching of Catholicism,' it says, ' is the greatest obstacle to the development of a child's faculties. The in terventi'n of a priest in education deprives the child of all moral, logical, and rational teaching.* — [' Journal du Bruxelles,' November 28, 1864.J Again: 'Faith in- God takes away the dignity of man, troubles his reason, and may lead to the abandonment of morality.' Once more : ' The principle of a supernatural authority, that is to say, faith in God, takes away the dignity of man, and is even likely to lead him to the abandonment of all morality. . . . The respect we owe especially to the mind of a child forbids us to incul cate doctrines which might trouble his reason.' [Le Monde Magonnique, August, 1867, pp. 196-7.] The sect, exclaims one of its apostles, speaking in reference to his own practice, 'ought to be, and is, only a school of morality independent of all religious dogmas ? I have myself,' he continues, ' brought up children, but I have never lied to them. Each time that they have asked me, 'What was meant by God?' I have answered, ? I know nothing about it.' It is thus I have acted with men.' [Ibid.] Such are the logical consequences of the Materialistic principle, and of the action of its Hidden Spring operating from within the environment of the sect Suoh being the principle, how can it be brought to bear with the most effect P By means of an organized activity which shall propose as its exclusive object the futherance of such an aim. The influence of an organization like this has been appraised at its true value by the sect. Active, resolute, intelligent, daring, it has put to shame those whom it opposes by tne energy, resource, and determination of its efforts after the realization of ite dreams. It haB all the spring and elasticity of a great ambition, and all the bold ness and sslf-conndence of a newly-made idea. The enthusiasm of an apostolate which looks to change the world into a paradise of its own, seems to animate this energetic body ; and the general supiueness or numbness which it has already produced in the public mind, together with the want of dash in its antagonists, seems to it at least to hold out prospects of future victory. Boldly like some reckless buccaneer, it has run up the black flag in tiie presence of the who'e fleet of the Supernatural, and whether we will it or will it not, the engagement must be fought Thus the ' Education League ' established in Belgium, with the distinct object of driving the Super natural out of education and introducing Materialism into it, spread like a fire through Europe, and beyond it when once its general aim became known amongst the sect/ The League in one nation shakes hands, fraternizes with, and encourages the League in another. From Belgium this organization spread to France, where it was taken up with enthusiasm by those who had been schooled in the prin ciples of the ' Knight- Kadosch ;' and from France it has been extending itself to other portions of the world. Its watchword or war-cry is ' Universal Secular, Free, and Compulsory Education for all classes of society.' It re ceives its inspiration from, and is directed by the sect, which lets slip no opportunity to forward its interests, and to identify itself with its operations, bearing ever steadily in view its one ultimate object, the universal destruction of the Supernatural, and the universal reign of Materialism in its pace. Filled with this spirit of mutual help the convention of the sect in France, in 1870, declared to the world in its leading organ that it would ' Associate itself with the efforts made in other countries to compel the establishment of free, compulsory, and secular education.' ['Le Monde Maconnique,' May, 1870, p. 202.] In pioporfion as society has appeared ripe for the intro duction of this machinery for the universal diffusion ef materialism and the blotting out of God and Christ it has been pushed boldly upon the people ; but where the Hidden Spring of the Supernatural has been too strong the sect tries have displayed the wisdom of biding triir time, and have refrained from horrifying the public conscience whilst gradually undermining it. The sact is ever content to vait, as it is never sleeping. It is satisfied with inserting quietly, and with tenderest gentleness the thim end of the wedge ; and is prepared if necessary, to let it bide there for years, without giving it a single blow-. Countries might at this hour be pointed out where, in their different gradations — as in the manufactory of firearms — different people are, some nearer some further off their final finish, their complete education in the Materialistic mode of life. And with all and each of these tho sect and ite hundred thousand arms are steadily at work, pushing all on in their various degrees towards the consummation of their BO-callf d perfectibility. The ultimate effect produced by the Hidden Spring of Materialism is, necessarily, and of its essence, Voltarian and Anarchical. Where it can do so without fear of shocking prejudice, the sect boldly steps forward, and, with a smile, fraternizes and shakes hands with— nay, indeed, embraces — first, that infidel Vol taire, and then Kousseau, that father of revolu tion. I's principal organ— established to teach the world that it is the source of religion and government, and ihe Supernatural the parent of tyranny and superstition. — thus addresses its subscribers : — 'We are happy to announce,'' it says, -: that the subscrip tions for the Education League and the Btatue of Brother Voltaire meet with the warmest sympathy in all our lodges. It would be impossible to have two subscriptions more in harmony with each other : Voltaire, that is to say, the de struction of all prejudice and superstition; and the Educa tion League, that is to say. the building up of a new society based on science and instruction alone.' Here then stands out in all its nak-*lness the ultimate aim of materialism and of the sect. They would substi tute for the present educational machinery of the world one radically subversive of its aim. They would have all education, irom the highest to the! ow?st culture, embracing women as well as men, turned into an instrument to carry out one end. They would starve the supernatural out of the mind of man ; and expunge the very notion of a Lawgiver, Judge, or Bewarder, of the immortality of the soul, sin, penance, supernatural love, Christ, heaven, hell, from education. They would crib aud cabin man in the narrow prison-house of this little earth ; and contract his career, limit his hopes and fears to the clay out of which he is said to grow. Thus, man would begin to feel life ta be a living death, and pass bis time waiting as resignedly as he could for annihilation. Existence would be shorn of all its charms, aBd death, which had been robbed of half its fears, would return with all its terrors. Thus, to be born would become a greater calamity than to die ; and the highest im pulses of man so many arrows tipped with poison to pene trate his heart. All the deep tenderness of the affec tions would be bathed in a sea of bitterness; and the very yearnings of the spirit, all its up strivinge, would simply render man a type or pattern of collapse ; an energy ever striving and ever failing, and unlike anything else in nature, the only toeing falling short of all its promise. Thus does the Hidden Spring of Materialism reduce man to that 'slima' out of which God took him, before He breathed in bus face the breith of life. 'Bemember man that thou art dust, and nothing but dust,' cries the High Priest of the new religion with out God or Christ, ' and unto dust thou shalt return never to rise from dust again '.' Such is the outcome of ' modern thought,' such the fruit of 'advanced ideas ;-' such the ultimate analysis of that scheme of '? progress ' and 'modern civilisation' whioh the Heart of the Super natural, the Catholio Church has anathematized with all the thundtrc of the Vatican. It may serve a controversial KF1^? -**&** men's minds, and t- milT''^-** H Church condemns legitimate prepress iS °?' tUt 0u S and modern ideas-though they be ^'n*^ clvilu^C !? men are not to be thu? deceived ? ^V uUt th°'6utfoi 9 and will ever battle SS ' an^ ,ti °°S ? her intellectual might, is not the e c£d tJ^i *-*att B the light but the darkness, whicl Wa 1 '*? eva. m H identify itself with the true interests of I, ° '^ UP id H evil of all kinds that die i, wSmbatt'11^ ^ ? vouring to destroy. Her eyes s£l l&ZS;^^ «**. ? her hand knows where and when to strife ^LrfT-'*4'*; H tected in her mission, she swoops down as Ji^ *em5 n-: S sword, upon the loathsome monster of M?? a ^i&i; S ever skilfully disguised in the duperies otsS^T* h^w' ? not to the interest, the essential interest of ft. 3ft U il H of the Supernatural that supematuralisra sho^K circle 9 What shall we, what shall society do to meet m^ « ^H tually the coming danger ? y meet most e8eo- -H The way to meet it most effectually is, first u » i- H the momentous interests that are at staka V. ??*'* ^M interests of millions of immortal mJaf^TSLS^ ? adopt means for pushing back the advancing tidTml' H wilf be adequate to the task imposed upon ffi Xfa fl the contest to the narrow circle of the schoni ™ ;?* ILV would be toshow but a slight appreciation offi^*S ? nature of the danger, and the ubiquitous presence^ of hT H enemy. The battle, if it is to be won by the Sum^,*? B against Materialism, will have tl be fo^hfff ? not merely in the Church and in the schools bnt nn «. ' ^1 broad platform of the world. The great secular woffi 9 men— men who in one way or other belong to «W „ ^M other of the circles of which the Surwrnatural konm :|H posed—must be roused to a sense of their dutv &Z; ^M responsibility, and their danger. The statesman, Z jH politician, the magistrate, the lawyer, toe physiciT ? the soldier, men m the Civil Service of their countrvSi ^1 these have they not friends or families, those whom thai HH love dearer than themselves ? The journalist, the litsrarv ^M the scientific man, men of the leisured reading class -*» ^1 they not living in thousands in the world with IH .their private circles and their social interests? U -^B this great army to remain idle, and to allow those who ^H depend on them for life, peace, and happiness to find them ^H Eelves presently surrounded by a world of new ideas! ^B where God, and Christ, and all those thoughts of tt* ^H future which bring heaven into a household, are looked ^B t^xraasso many old wives' tales? How it it that they ^H are not prepared to exert themselves in defending the ^B best interests of their hearths and homes ? How is it ^H that they do not see the cloud of locusts swarming in the ^H distance and threatening to devour every living and green ^H thing- everything that has any spiritual life or beauty ia ^H it ? Will their homes, their own hearts, be happier or ^H brighter when 'humanity' takes the place of God, and ^H heartless logic, which has to borrow all its principles, ig ^B set up in the place of Christ and the Supernatural ? Will *^H they weep the leps when those who are falling into decay ^B aEiure them that death will separate them for ever, and ^H that there is no place of future bliss where friends meet ^H again and where sorrow and mourning cease? Cannot ^H men eee their own advantage P Men of the world who are ^H so shrewd in other things, are they blinded here, where ^H the sight of their eyes is most required ? As the State ig ^H founded on the family, so the lever which moves the one ^H will move the other. If the man of the world sees, first. ^H that it is to his own personal advantage, and then to ^H the interest of his family, to preserve tbe Supernatural, j^H he will carry the conviction with him wherever he goes ; j^H it will become a motive power in his life ; and whatever ^H his intellect touches, to which it can be referred, will be ^H influenced by it The journalist will, instead of writing ^H flippant articles against religion, use his best intellect to ^H defend supernatural truth as the noblest and highest in- ^H fluence in a difficult and sinful day; the publicist ^H will become serious and logical when matters of ^H the other world have to be treated of ; for he will jj^H feel that it is his paramount duty to add all he can ^H to the strength and influence of the Supernatural. The ^H civil ruler and the statesman will use their bis;h position ^H and their many opportunities, for establishing the ^H regulating and ruling principles of a Christian government ^H wherever they have a chance, and for repressing and |^l ostracising these antagonistic influences which deprive ^M order of its highest sanctions and sow the seed of anarchy ^H and confusion. They will be moulded by the doable ^H pressure of domestic interest on the one hand and of public ^H benefit on the other, being persuaded that they cannot ^H serve man, or the society in which he lives, more effectually ^H than by doing their very uttermost to consolidate by tongue ^B and pen, by example and influence, the governing principles ^H of the Supernatural. Then that which is found worthy of ^m so much attention amongst statesmen and the distributors ^H of power and patronage will speedily become a matter of ^H interest also with philosophers, publicists, and thinkers. ^H Men of science would engage their attention with the ^H problems of Christianity, and learned works would issue ^M from the press defending the fundamentals of religion, and ^B castigating with inexorable logic and overpowering analysis ?? those plausible writers who otherwise would first have ?? tiokled the public car, and then have impressed the pnbho ?? intellect ^M If thus those great forces which go in the aggregate to j^B form the thinking or public opinion' of the world, were w ^H arouse themselves to secure their true interest, we should ^m speedily be conscious of an influence pervading society like ^H an atmosphere, forming the tone of thought, and moulding ^m the Bublic mind according to Christian principles ana ^m Christian mode^a. The revolutionary ideas and theories or ^m the sect would fall upon barren or uncongenial ground, ana ^m would be unable to take root. The public ear would be i tunea ^m to a different harmony, and materialism would be looKea ^m upon m its true colour, as the infatuation of a neatei |H brain acted upon by a proud ungodly spirit, when onw ^m the .world's mind is fairly made up upon a point, every ^h thing else follows. If the perils of the future are to oa ^m met succef sfully, much of. the world's thinking must oe ^m undone. Truth, when it has once got hold of the mtsU** H of humanitv is with difficulty driven jout; but, fortuateiy, ^m not so with error. Error, of ite nature, is transient, ^m Thereforethoughthe symptoms of Materialism were strongly ^m developed, it would still be possible to apply an anfadote. ^m But to be effectual it should be administered by the leaie» ^m of thought and action ; and by those in whose Power,tt;.}f' ^H en account of their position, to mould the opinions of w ^m society in which thev live. Single men, ere now, nave ^h turred the whole enrrent of thought in their own direpnon, ^h and may be said to have given an impetus whioh conturaea m energizing long after they were dead. What one msi nas H done, many men may do, who combine to do it ; ana ' ?'? ^M sect through organization, personal energy, and ''JIV1°?' ^M talent, is strong enough to move to their founaa h tions, by means of rampant error, the ™? jH corner-fitones of the Supernatural; surely a -*'? ^M bination of Christian gentlemen, were f*? oml H in earnest, could, by means of tongue and P™'. ^M public and private influence, urge back &e; grow™* h ti ndeacy towards Materialism, and give a new ani iw* ^m push to those principles which claim the Supernarar» ^m their own. Mendeeply in earnest, and peKonallypo^' H by a vivid faith, by love aud purity, would ever overmw h in any intellectual or moral contest the advocates h Materialism in their canvass for the suffrages oi h world. . . the ^m Were such a turn given to the public opinion oi H age, there would be little difficulty in perfecting tne WJ H begun. . ft9 H Statesmen would then perceive that religion, ia*V_.t;oii ^m Supernatural, is a far better instrument for the P1'!^ --til- H of peace and order than all the police, volunteer*, m'^. H lery in the world. They would look upon a religious w^ H ing for youth as the best method of trirningout ;fl w^ H orderly, and useful citizens. Hence it would &1}o»r « the State, deriving such evident advantage tontw^ -% H circle of the Supernatural, woufd support, ftC(^rfslOnlI H given scale, every school in which the Supernatural ^ _ be taught It wou'd encourage the Church ^^g H DenominatioEB to do all in their power to f0110^ ^et- ? generation very profoundly in those truths ot w» g^ ^m natural circle which they respectively no'aT}enoBi- H Denomination having its own school, ^.f^-ggistenoa H nation receiving an equal and jw*17'T?ltnZ~-&rA-; ^M in its work;— two things would inevitably fouovr,^ h that that great body of truth contained w1''^!: m,nld S of the supernatural, and which. tends so mac&^ bo, S men's minds to purity, honesty, and courage, wo— h ? USSt^^ LXw^do not want it, as well as on ? 7S»tion op°nnKthoUy done away with ; and each M &*w^do'wo ttmrS | would jealously maintain that ? ^eTto* SW™*A7ito*rLe which had been pre I ^TaStteSh^nflictofhuznaninterestand ? fS^^^T^0»M. StiUaU could exert a ? Tflis is fteu7p£enrv and do more than ra ^ pa^- V* ? Km*'' S*KSKe those guidine beliefs which I W1*, ?ft^S constitution of human nature. The ? &%d ^attributes, His character as Judge I ***'i?- «he Immortality of the Soul; Heaven, Hell. ? idrewsrder, tn|.^ ' ^ Providence— there are m I ft^SrStf *beS'tht written in the Book and ? -^!!jtolSSfiti«n. which serve as a sort of specific ? witnessed to '^Ft* ^i-g t^t Materialism would bring I ^tAidofffiselves,if notto higher, at least I *'5SSe Sib, with which they are immediately ? toBBectedt t lay wori4 were to perceive the I ^ffiSS Sw to mould into shape a more ? P^.offtlHteopinion; if this public opinion were I &eCtoCr; on Parliaments and Legislatures ; if I h*¥btrf.^d Legislatures, seeing the power of the ? KSm a peace-preserver and. citizen- maker, were I 8np?rfSav tothe Supernatural in every school, and ? to ^S circle according to some equitable scheme ; ? SUmI to foese influences those whose profession it is to I jL'KfleVaS Evangelists of the Supernatural, stirred I *££*££» ^ their dnty-if such a combmation of I t£?S wnewed energies were brought to bear upon I iat^t . laree then there would be a fair chance I ThEtoB back Materialism, of breaking its Hidden I ? W which aims at the destruction of society ; I S Tof society itself tending day by day, I £m and more, towards the completion of its I taSrtta. *°wardB 6udl **? ?JW™™*1™ rf the beauty, ? 5™,phw and harmony which exist between all parts I SaiWral Religion, as to induce - it slowly, yet by ? : ttraato exchange the fragment for the whole ; and, in I Sof being satisfied with an obscured my, not to be con I ffiuit bid possessed as its very own the full orb of I wianlv truth, the entire revelation of Jesus Christ as I Wanted to view in the theology of the Church, or as im I Wed to the world through the protected voice of an in I JkUiblelnterpreter. One thing is inevitable, men cannot I bide on the slope, on the incline : they must and will, I eventually, if they follow the laws of logic— a thing not I ahravfl done as a matter of fact— either finish by 'becoming I MaterialiBts without God or Christ in the world; or by be I aming Catholics with the full revelation of our Saviour— I on toptinciple $ha»y a balf a loaf '- better than no .bread, I « whole loai is better than half a loaf. If it is I worth while holding fragments of religions truth, it is I certainly worth while embracing all religious truth. I The Hidden Spring of the Supernatural is as much the I ' baas of the whole of Revelation, as of a portion of it : the I Bidden Spring of Materialism is as much the principle I of the denial of the whole Revelation as of one isolated I troth. If God is the Authority, we must be Catholics ; if I did, we must be Materialists. If there be any one doubt I inglereto-nijtht, let him make his choice ; and let that I choice be, to ding to his last end, to God, to Christ, under I the protecting influence of the Cathoh'o Church. I ' Bail, Son of God, Saviour of men ! Thy name I Shall be the copiouE matter of my song I Henceforth, and never shall my harp Thy praise I Forget, nor from Thy Father's praise disjoin !'» I The lecture was listened to most attentively throughout I by the vast audience ; and Dr. Vaughan was warmly I cheered in many of the passages. When the applause I which greeted the lecturer at the close had subsided, I Sir John O'Shanasst rose amidst cheers, and proposed I s vote of thanks to Dr. Vaughan for the lecture which they I had heard with so much, pleasure and enthusiasm. It was not in bis power as a layman suddenly listening to such a lecture to express in words his deep appreciation of what they had heard. It needed no great de'pth of observation to foresee that in any struggle such as that foreshadowed his Grace could call upon those around him for their aid. (Cheera.) He believed that Dr. Vaughan was appreciated not enly by Catholics, but also by Protestants. His lecture to-night was not the mere language of an archbishop, but exhibited deep thoughts of government, and deep thoughts lor the good of society, as well as for the salvation of those over whom he was called to preside. (Cheera.) Mr. W. Duncan seconded the vote of thanks, and ex pressed the hope that so usetul a lecture should be printed and distributed among all classes of society. Even those who differed from them in religion, if they saw Christianity in a certain measure in danger, would join with them in the endeavour to put down this frightful evil. The vote of thanks wbb passed amidst cheering. Dr. Vavghan acknowledged the compliment and the proceedings terminated. 