All fear of a war between England and Russia, on the score of Turkey, may be said to be over for a time. The leader of the English Opposition, the Marquis of Hartington (not— by the way — the Earl of Hartington) as the S. M. Herald, with its customary care lessness as to items of foreign news, tells its readers) has declared himself anti-Turk, and his declaration is undoubtedly at one with Ihe views of the great majority of English men, who are weary of paying through the nose to support that rotten, utterly evil State which it pleases diplomacy to stylo " the Sub lime Porte." Nearly a quarter of a century ago England went to war with Russia, nominally to uphold the weak, really to sub- serve certain purely selfish ends with regard to her own interests in the east. Wo all jjtnow what a " fiasco " was the Crimean war. Eow, after the most prodigal expenditure of blood and treasure, hostilities were brought to a close without the enemies of Russia having gained one single practical advantage. To day it would appear that Englishmen are wiser and more able to see the things that belong onto Turkey in a proper light. They are able to appreciate tho anachronism of a Mahommedan minority lording it over a Christian majority, in a European land, in tho nineteenth century ; and, as it would appear, are beginning to take counsel for the sum mery ejection of the Turk from tho north- western shores of tho Bosphorus. There are some persons who imagine that tho Turkish Bystem is capable of regenera tion. Wo are certainly not of the number. Every opportunity has been offered to the Ottomans to reform — but reform is a term not to be found in their dictionary. In tho July number of the Contemporary Review ap peared an able article on " Turkey " by Arthur Arnold. The opinion of this writer is that Mahommedan civilisation is a failure, and that Mahommodanisin, so far as Enropo is con cerned, is "played out," its vitality being gone. Mr. Arnold (quoting Mr. Butler John stone) says the reforming promises of Aali Pasha's famous Hatt-y-Humaioun, passed in 1836, are now (in 1876) dead letters. That statute promised : — " ( a.) There were to be mixed tribunals of justice, codification of the law, translations of the codes into the dif ferent langnages of the empire, settled modes of procedure : this has been translated as we ' have seen into mock courts, unpaid judges, arbitrary procedure, and corrupt decisions. (b.) Farming the revenue was to be abolish ed, and a sounder fiscal system established : nothing of the kind has been done. ( c.) A solemn undertaking was entered into to grapple with the evil of corruption : at present the, whole administration is corrupt. ( d.j Banks were to be established to assist agri- culture and come to the aid of commerce : nothing of the sort has been thought of. ( ev Roads, canals, arid railroads, were to be push ed forward with vigour, so as to open up the resources of tho country : tho absence of roads and canals has prevented the relief of a famished population ; and as to railroads, the only important line finished was a cloak for a most notorious scandal, (f.) Foreign capital was to be invited and encouraged by every means, so as to develop the great resources of the country : such vexatious obstructions havo been placed in the way of foreign capital that it has shunned the country, and men of in tegrity like Scott Russell and T. Brassey have had all their offers rojected; unless the ' pashas catch a glimpse of backshish, foreign enterprise is an abomination in their eyes. (g.) Christians wore to be admitted into the army on tho principle of general equality : nothing of the sort has taken place." Of course tho solution of the question is au intensely difficult one — one that time alone can bring about. But we cannot understand why any foolish jealousy oi Russia should have ever driven men calling themselves English statesmen to rest the "balance of power " upon such a rotten pivot as the de fence of the Sublime Porte. In 1853 and 1854 it was the fashion to ridicule as being of the "peace at any price" party all those who de nounced the policy that led England into war with Russia ; yet read to-day the speeches made then by the leader of that party — John Bright. His speeches of that day are in BAison with the thought of the Liberal party of to-day. , In March, 1854, he siid in hia place in Parliament, when the royal message was. brought to the Commons announcing the declaration of war with Russia, " Suppose that Turkey is not a growing power, but that the Ottoman rule in Europe is tottering to its fall, I come to the conclusion that whatever advantages wore offered to the Christian population of Turkey would have enabled them to grow more rapidly in numbers, in industry, in wealth, in intelligence, and in political power. ; and that, as they thus increased in influence, they would havo been more able to supplant the Mahommedan rule, and to es tablish themselves in Constantinople as a Christian State, which is infinitely more to bo desired than that tho Mahommedan power should bo permanently sustained by tho bayo nets of France and the fleets of England. . . the whole matter should have been allowed to drift on to its natural solution — which is that the Mahommedan power in Europe should eventually snccumb to the growing power of the Christian population of the Turkish ter ritories." Oar hope is that wise counsels will prevail this time, not that we have any particular sympathy with the Servians or Herzegovini- ans, but because there is an evident imbecility in any line of policy which " goes for " the sham of maintaining what is dead — nay more, putrescent' ; which can find words for the argument that the blood and troasnre of Eng lishmen should be spent in the defenco of tho ghost of a long-ago played out State organism. 