&iwrat; Jntefltntmif. I» Algeria there is a river of genuine ink. It is formed by the union of two streams, one com ing from a region of ferruginous soil, the other draining a peat swamp. The water of the former is strongly impregnated with iron, that of the latter with gallic acid. When the two waters mingle, the acid of the one unites with the iron of the other, forming a true ink. A Germanton correspondent of the Albury Banner says Messrs. Alexander Ross and . Sons, who are about the largest farmers in this quarter, combining agricultural and pastoral pursuits, finding their present vast estate (com prising some 10,000 acres, of which £3000 is purchased freehold, the balance being under the Conditional Purchase Clause) too small, have started out with the intention of taking up six blocks of 640 acres, in all 3840 acres, somewhere in the Hay district— the exact locality I am not able to state." The pedestrian race— Applitt v. J. Watson, of Melbourne — which has caused so much excite ment in sporting circles, not only in Parkes dis trict, but throughout the colony, came off on the 30th ultimo at Forbes, the stakes being for £200. The distanee was 200 yards, and the ground was in fine condition. There was a very large attend- ance, amongst whom we noticed many from Parkes, Grenfell, and surrounding districts. At the time appointed both men stripped well, and appeared in excellent form. Former bets were not disturbed, and 6 to 4 was freely offered in favour of Applitt. From the start Applitt had the race in his own hands. He literally played with his opponent, and won easily : time, 204 seconds. The Parkes Gazette learns from the backers of Applitt that they have sent a chal lenge to Watson of Scone, for Applitt to run bim from 150 to 200 yards, for £200 or £500— the race to be run in Parkes, and Applitt's back ers to pay Watson's expenses. Since the above appeared in type we are informed that a tele gram, has been received from Watson, of Scone, accepting the challenge, and agreeingto run for £500. Conditions of race not yet decided on. A most painful and distressing scene was wit nessed on the 27th August (says the Bendigo Advertiser) attheSandhurst cemetery. A mother, who had two children resting there in the same little grave — one buried over two years ago, and the other only five we ks ago — vit'ited the place, taking some rooted flowers with her for the pur pose of planting them over her lost ones. On arriving at the cemetery, to which she had been in the habit of paying frequent visits, she was greatly bewildered at not being able to find ' the mound. Where she looked for it to be, there was a newly-opened grave, in which the outlines of two small coffins were discernible. The lady had a strong feeling that , the coffins contained the remains of her children, and having the num bers with her she brushed some loose earth aside, and found the corresponding numbers. In an guish she called the sexton and told him of the matter, but that functionary informed her that she had made a mistake, and that the grave was not that of her children. Satisfied with this as surance she was about to go away, when a boy, who had heard the conversation, jumped into the grave, and removing some earth from the coffins he read the names of the woman's child ren. The mother's distress found vent in tears, and a crowd of women and children gathered round, and were loud in their expressions of sympathy. The sexton was remonstrated with, but he declared, so we are given to understand, that the matter could not be helped, and that he was going to put another coffin in the grave. The outraged mother strongly protested against this, and the sexton prepared another grave, and in spite of the entreaties and remonstrances of the distressed woman he removed the coffins of her children, speaking roughly and harshly to her, saying he should do as he liked, and the poor creature had to submit. " I would have carried one of the coffins myself," the mother exclaimed, "they were handled as if they were dogs." Tiie coffins were removed against her will, placed in a hastily dug grave, and covered up. A strong feeling of indignation was created in the minds of those who witnessed the above, to use a mild term, strange proceedings, and great excitement- was manifested. Considerable excitement was lately caused at the Pentridge Stockade (we learn from the Mel bourne Argus) by the discharge of a pistol on the works. This was followed in quick succes sion by two more reports. Several of the warders went in the direction from which the reports came, when they found warder Meagher in pur suit of three discharged prisoners, who had climbed over the wall for the purpose of " plant ing" tobacco for prisoners. The men were first discovered by the warder behind the tannery, where they were about to conceal the tobacco. As soon as the men found they were discovered, they made for the lower corner of the stockade wall, near the Merri Creek, but were so closely pursued by Meagher that they had not time to cross the wall. A number of the other warders coming to Meagher's assistance the fellows were secured. All of the men are discharged prisoners, and are young. One of them has recently been discharged. Much credit is due to Meagher for his coolness, as the nren gave a most determined resistance. All the men were given in charge to Constable Shaffery, and were sent to Bruns wick. It is seldom (writes the Newcastle Pilot) that the painful duty devolves upon us of recording a series of misfortunes so melancholy as one which has just occurred at Stockton. In the family of Mr. Alfred Miner, who is well known as a respectable and hard working man, no less than four deaths from scarlatina have occurred since Saturday last. On Saturday the eldest _ ' child, 11 years of age, died; on Tuesday Mrs. Miner followed ; on Wednesday another child, 8 years of age, succumbed to the fatal disease ; and yesterday one more was added to the number. Now another child is not expected to live, and Miner himself is prostrated by the terrible epi demic. Much sympathy is expressed with Miner in his affliction, and it is proposed to raise a sub scription for his benefit, which, we are sure, will -be heartily responded to. The following is a copy of a letter received by Mr. A. Bruhn, of Emu Creek, from a wine and spirit merchant at Dusseldorf, on the Rhine. From this, obsorves'the Bendigo Advertiser , "It would seem that there is now some chance of our wines being introduced into the European markets : — ' 24th June, 1 876. I had the pleasure during my last visit to Hamburg, to make the acquaintance of Herr , to whom I am obliged for your address. He also directed my attention to some samples of Australian wines — such as carbinet, verdeilho, hermitage, and reis- ' ling — of which the two first-named appear best suited for my customers. It would be a favour to receive from you the information if your sea- ports maintain a direct line of sail to either Amsterdam or Rotterdam, or whether freight can only be sent by way of London. I should ,also like further to learn what is the rate of freight per hogshead to the above-mentioned ports ; and further, to hear something reliable as to the mode of remittance, and the trade conditions regarding payments, in order that I might calculate the profits after deduction of all charges. As a basis for opening the business, I would request you to ehip a sample of lhhd. (containing about 220 litres) of carbinet to my address, to any of the ports named — though I should prefer Amsterdam —with clearance for'insurance, &c.; ; at the same time to be informed of your lowest remunerative prices. You would oblige in also forwarding a collection of samples of red wine, with list of prices attached, for in the event of your red wines being found suitable to blend with Bordeaux, I can hold out prospects of doing an extensive trade with you, which might approach hundreds of hogshead.' " Not so Daft ! — Visiting Magistrate (to pauper lunatic) : " Well, William, you have been here nearly ten years ; I suppose you would like to be discharged ?" P. L. : " 'Deed, no Bir ; you don't think I am so crazed as all that, do you ? I'm very comfortable, thank your honour!" Early in July last Mr. James Ogilvie, manager of the Mount Cameron Ruby Tin Mining Com pany, Tasmania, brought to Lunceston, and left with Mr. Alexander Rankin, the legal manager, a small cake of very pure gold, which he had succeeded in saving by the use of blankets from tin ore his party was sluicing at the claim. The cake weighed 10 oz. 18 dwts. 18 grs., and was sold for £43 10s. Mr. Rankin afterwards re ceived a similar cake from Mr. Ogilvie. It weighs ip oz. 15 dwts., and is therefore worth about £43. The Cornwall Chronicle states that Mr. Ogilvie has succeeded in saving this during five weeks, so that he manages to make in this way over £80 per month for the company. For a long past (says the Maryborough Chroni cle) there has been no mention whatever of the progress of Messrs. Mort and Nicolle's experi mental shipment of frozen meat, for which some where between £30,000 and £40,000 were sub scribed a few months ago. The reason, of course, is not far to seek. Drought and cold, followed in many parts of the colony by destructive floods, have made havoc of the live stock throughout New South Wales, and so seriously diminished the supplies of animal food that importation, instead of exportation, has now become the order of the day. So far, then, the silence and apathy that have succeeded the energetic agitation for support, previously familiar to al! habitual readers of colonial journals, stand self-explained. It is, however, we think, due to the numerous stockowners who have contributed or pledged themselves to contribute towards the launching of" an enterprise promising results of such im portance to the whole of Australia, that they should be made acquainted from time to time witb the actual state of the matter, and with the prospects that may exist of carrying it to a suc cessful issue. The extraordinary reticence lately observed on these points, however readily ac counted for, is not calculated to produce a fa vourable impression, and although any unplea sant feeling created by it will doubtless be dis pelled by time — in proportion as the starved herds and flocks recover flesh, and the prospects of a successful despatch of the intended shipment brighten once more — it is a pity that the feeling should be allowed to arise at all. The insertion of an occasional paragraph in the principal papers would not entail a very vast amount of trouble, and would serve to keep the Australian squatting interest enrapport with an unkertaking for which their sympathy has been invoked, and which, when the time for carrying it out shall have arrived, may, for aught we know, still need a helping hand. There is a very curious illustration of the slowness of the English mind to entertain any new question to be seen everywhere in the king dom. When I visited England first, in 1857 (says a writer in the Colorado Gazette , U.S.A.), there was no locomotive in the country that afforded any protection at all to the driver and stoker from rain, snow, sleet, cold, wind, or sun. These men stood upon the platform, exposed to fearful rains, winds, and cold, blinded by the driving snow, and drenched by perpetual wet. In 1866 I saw that some of the engines had an iron plate in front, breast-high to the driver. In 1867 the height of this was increased, with peep holes through the iron for the men to see. After wards these holes were filled with glass. In 1873 these place were higher than the head, and bent over, so as to afford some shelter to the men when the wind should be quite ahead. In 1874 the roof was enlarged, and there was some show of protection to the men from side winds. In 1875 some of the engines had " cabs'' of respecta ble dimensions, though the majority of the en gines, on all the railways, were yet in their pri mitive condition. If horses should be exposed in that manner constantly to the fury of the elements, and compelled to work in every kind of weather, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals would interfere ; but to shel ter the men on a locomotive — why, that's a new question, and requires in the English mind a great deal of consideration ! In this country, from, the first year of our railways, our engines have- afforded perfect shelter to the men. The unusual circumstance of the trial for the fourth time of a man on the. charge of murder has just occurred at Nenagh. Michael Burke was, on Tuesday July 4, arraigned before Mr. Baron Deasy, charged with having murdered his brother-in-law, Stephen Scanlan, When his first two trials were heard, Martin Burke, the father of the prisoner, and father-in-law of the de ceased, was also arraigned ; but before the third trial took place the old man died. At each of the three prior to the present, one of the jury disagreed. There had been a misunderstanding between Scanlan and the Burkes about the trans fer of a lease. The trial terminated on Wed nesday night in another disagreement of the jury. The writer of " Under the Clock," in the World (London), tells the following amusing story: — " Apropos of the Cork election, we heard in Ire land some months ago a charming story about one of the candidates. The gentleman was at the time Mayor of Cork, and it should be pre mised that he is slightly lame. During the term of his mayoral ity a race came off on the river Lee between boat clubs belonging to the his torical and rival cities of Limerick and Cork. Limerick won the day, and tremendous excite ment raged in the thoroughfares of the cities. During its height a telegram reached the Mayor of Limerick, purporting to come from the Mayor of Cork, couched in the following terms ' Your Limerick crew beat us to-day, but for the honour of Cork I hereby challenge you for a stake of £50 to row a measured mile on the river Lee.' Now the Mayor of Limerick had only one arm, and seeing iu this message from his cousin of Cork a deliberate insult, he. remembering that the Mayor of Cork was not complete in the matter of legs, furiously penned a telegram to this effect : — ' If you want lo avenge your dis graceful beating to-day, I'll hop you over Wel- lesley Bridge for £100." The Mayor of Cork, it need hardly be said, was perfectly innocent and absolutely ignorant of the despatch of the first telegram, and recognising in this message from Limerick the addition of insult to the injury done to the city of which he was chief magistrate by the ill-fortune of the Cork oars, he gratified himself by informing the Mayor of Limerick per telegraph that he was 4 a cowardly spalpeen.' The correspondence was subsequently continued by the solicitors of the respective- -mayors, and took several days to reach an ; amicable conclu sion." A writer in the London Daily News says that it- is, unfortunately, not generally known that in the case of fire in buildings containing horses, if the harness be merely put on, however roughly, the horses will quit their stables without diffi culty. A knowledge of this fact may be the means of saving many a valuable animal from a horrible death. John Wenzell, a German aged 56, was exe cuted at eight o'clock one morning last week in Brisbane Gaol, for the murder of Joel Archibald Martin, a fellow servant of his at Dr. Nelson's, Toowoomba, in March last. The prisoner stabbed Martin in the region of the heart'. The cause of the crime remains.unknown, but it is -supposed that he had received some annoyance from the deceased. There were about twenty persons present at the execution, including the , officials of the gaol. The prisoner, who had slept well, and awoke at five o'clock on the morning of the execution, was attended in h;3 last moments, as had been the case since his condemnation, by the Rev. E. Robinson (Congregational) and the Rev. Mr Schironeister (Lutheran) minisiers. Wenzell seemed quite resigned to his fate, and made no statement at the scaffold. He died without a struggle. His neck was broken .by the fall, and death was instantaneous. On the 8th June, when, by permission of Marshal M'Mahon, the remains of the ex-royal family of France were removed from England to the Cathedral of Dreux, in Normandy, the urn which contained the heart of the Prince de Conde, who died at Sydney some years ago was also conveyed from the temporary tomb at Wey- bridge to the cathedral. Diary of a procastinator : — Sunday : Day of rest ; of course nothing can be done. Monday ; Being early in the week, don't be too precipitate- in doing anything. Tuesday : Determine not to let the week go by without achieving something brilliant. Wednesday : Resolve on vigorous measures for to-morrow. Thursday : Mature yesterday's deliberations. Friday: Too late in the week to do anything. Saturday : Give your self up to society, and consult friends (who know best) what is to be done next. It is estimated (says the Hay Standard) that about 50,000 bales of wool will be forwarded from Hay and stations on the Murrumbidgee during the season just commencing, Messrs. M'Culloch and Co. alone having made arrange ments for the conveyance of some 35t000 bales. The death of a little boy at Ararat is recorded by the Advertiser as happening from a very extraordinary cause. The little fellow pressed a cherry-stone into his ear, where it remained for a considerabletime, ultimately bringingon palsy, from which the child died. The two steam ploughs lately imported by Mr. W. J. Clarke' (says the Melbourne Argus of August 26th) are now being fitted;in one of the yards of the Melbourne - and Hobson's Bay: United Railway Company. The machinery consists of two of Fowler's traction engines of : 16-horse power, with gear for working the : ploughs, one of which turns four furrows,; and is of great strength to fit it for heavy land. The other is a six furrow plough suitable for... lighter land. The engines are constructed so that they will work up to 30-horse power!' Besides the ploughs there is a cultivator and harrows constructed so as to be worked. by the engines. The engines will start for Mr. Clarke's estate at Donnybrook, early on Tuesday morn ing, drawing the ploughs, cultivator, harrows, and water-cart. The procession will be one of the most interesting that ever travelled the Sydney road, and will mark a great change in the district, which is now almost entiiely under grass. The new ploughs will be tried in a fine paddock of about 2000 acres, the whole of which Mr. Clarke intends breaking up to commence with. When the engines are on the road, a man with a red flag will ride some distance in advance, to warn horsemen and drivers of vehicles, in order to prevent accidents. This plan i3 adopted in England when traction engines are on the road. The engines are expected to travel at the rate of four miles per hour. A great sensation has been created at the Giant's Causeway and the districts around by . the discovery of what are supposed to be the remains of the giant who was engaged at the formation of that wonderful curiosity. The figure discovered measures thirteen feet long and six feet round the waist. There are six toes on the right foot, which is much larger than the other, while the other parts resemble a fully formed human skeleton. So great has been the throng of sight-seesers that admission is charged to the public. The Dublin Irish Times thus' refers to the matter : If crowds of tourists do not visit the Giant's Causeway this summer, it will not be the fault of the people of that neighbourhood, for they have found the skeleton of one of the Anakim who constructed the Causeway. It would be downright heresy, and consequently dangerous, to attribute the /formation of wonderful basaltic columns to voleanic agency. Have they not found the skeleton of one of the mighty builders ? Goliath was a pigmy compared to this giant. Can it bo a fossilized specimen of the Genus Phoca that the people have got hold of? ' Mr. Darwin ought to be consulted respecting this extraor dinary development of a Cephaloped. If the skeleton be really human, we must only exclaim with George III. : " There were giants in tfyese days, sir !" Speaking of the recent sinking of the lakes in Georgia, the Valdosta Times says a third lake in Lowndes County has been emptied of its waters by subterranean passages during the last , six months. What is the matter ? The Times has several times alluded to the fact that Lowndes' Count' had within its borders numbers of lakes from 10 to 500 (and several beyond 1000) acres ' in size, and can it be that these lakes are all connected with a grand underground water course ? It seems so. In September last one dried up, or run off, and left bushels of fish in holes of water about the bottom of the lake. In January another, about- five miles from this, did the same thing. And now Grassy Pond, a lake ' covering about 580 acres just between the two above mentioned, has left its millions of fishes out of water. About three weeks ago it was ; reported that the waters of this lake were link ing below low water mark, and every day or two we would hear that it was still going down. Last Friday a report spread all over the country..' like wild-fire that Grassy Pond was low enough ' to take the fish out with nets, and by sundown more than one hundred people had collected at the place. Some had dip nets, some cast nets,b- and there was one seine in the party. The first haul with the seine caught enough trout, jack, bream, and speckle perch to make a " mess" for every one present. During that night all the 1 water disappeared, and there were millions of ' fish left dead upon dry land. Saturday, next day, the planters hitched up' their waggons and ' hauled load after load and scattered them in their fields for manure, and thousands were left at the mercy of buzzards, hogs, and other creatures of prey. Such quantities of fish and such destruction has never been known in the history of Lowndes County. No one ever dreamed that there wa3 half that quantity of, fish in Grassy Pond, though it was celebrated for its fine fishing grounds in the spring of the year. The other two lakes mentioned did not run thus completely dry, and the fish that were not caught were saved by the water returning., in a few days from its hidden retreat in the'' bosom of the earth. We learn that Grassy Pond is filling up again, but it is too late to save the finny tribe. The statements are not at all exaggerated, and can he testified to by several huudred people living in the country, though it is marvellous to all. - The Chicago Tribune publishes the details of an extraordinary suicide which occurred in Lafayette, Indiana, last week. A skilful, me-;, chanic and inventor, tired of life, brought his genius to bear upon the contrivance of a species of automatic guillotine, the workings of which were arranged and secured with patent delibera-',. tion and absolute accuracy, so that when the' proper time had arrived the horrid tnachipe did its work with inexorable precision. The man ner in which it was accomplished is perhaps' uuparrelled in horrid ingenuity. He engaged' a room at a hotel and said he was perfecting an invention, and would probably stay a week, and prepaid his bill till that time. He called at a machine shop and procured a large new broad, axe and two bars of thick iron, sixteen inches long, which he had rivetted to the head of the axe. ' On either side, fastened to the bars in the shape of a handle to an axe, he had a system of wooden bars eight feet long, the extreme end of which was fastened to a cross-piece, secured to' the floor by hinges. The axe was raised and held to its nearly perpendicular position by a double cord fastened to the wall. Between the cords stood a candle, arranged so that when the candle burned down to the cords it would burn them off and the axe fall. Where the axe would strike he placed a small box, open on one side, in which, when found, was his head with some cotton which had been chloroformed. His chin was held up from his neck by a stick run across the box, through holes on either side, holding his head firmly in position. He was strapped tightly to the floor with two straps, one around his legs, another about his arms and breast. The straps were both screwed to the floor, rendering it impossible to move. It is supposed that he set his axe, lighted the candle, and strapped himself to the floor with two straps, put his head in the box with the chloroform cotton, and was probably insensible when the axe fell. The axe and fixings would weigh about fifty pounds, and would probably fall a distance of from ten to fifteen feet. His head was completely severed from the body, and the axe buried in the boards beneath. A very sad and shocking fatal accident is reported by the Bendigo Advertiser to have happened on the Sandhurst and Inglewood line, the unfortunate victim being a man named Thomas Dowling, about 20 years of age, who vwas engaged as stocker on the contractor's locomotive engine, the Phoenix. It seems that the engine, with about fifteen trucks full of ballast, was on its way to Bridgewater, and when about a mile from Derby it was observed that the tender-boxs were getting very hot. Dowl ing taking the oil-feeder in his hand, stepped on the side step of the engine, and, holding with one hand by the handrail, stooped over for the purpose of pouring some oil into the boxes. He was brought into violent contact with a plat form post, and then carried about fifteen feet further along the line, at which point he dropped, face upwards with his head and one shoulder accross the rail, in which position two trucks passed over his neck and breast, killing him on the spot. ' The Walhalla correspondent of the Gippsland Mercury records the following strange occur rence "The wife of a miner residing a short distance from the township, who, being con sidered dead, had been laid out,' regained con sciousness with a start to find herself being measured for her coffin. She shook her fist at the undertaker, who, made a precipitate retreat, all the other occupants of the room being so much alarmed that they followed his example. The lady is now on the high road to recovery." It is not always well to be too valiant, even in the company of ghosts. Some time since (says the Daily Telegraph) the town inspector of Williamstown in passing through the local cemetery " at the dead of night," was somewhat startled by the sudden appearance of a spectre, which he at once " went for" with his walking stick. It was soon apparent that the spirit was no less a personage than Mrs. Mary Ann M'Gregor in the flesh, who was making her way home with all haste when the inspector's stick fell upon her skull. For this assault Mrs. M'Gregor sued the inspector, and obtained £2 damages, with £3 5s. costs Itisbutfairtoaddthe inspector thought he was being made the sub ject of a practical joke when he was startled in the cemeteiy. , Among the curious developments of science (says Public Opinion) is the recent production) by Dr. C. W. Siemens, of an artificial eye that is sensitive to light. We wish we could add that it gives vision to the blind, but we cannot, though perhaps it contains a germ of promise in that direction. The new eye is composed of an ordinary glass lens, backed by an artificial retina of selenium. This mineral resembles and is allied to sulphur, It is distilied from bodies that contain sulphur in conjunction with metals such as iron pyrites, a compound of sulphur and iron. Mr. May, a telegraph clerk employed at the Valentia station of the Atlantic cable line, first observed, in 1873, that the electrical resistance of selenium was instantly altered by light, the resistance being diminished by increase of light. Dr. Siemens made use of this peculia rity of selenium in the construction of his novel eye. An electrical circuit is arranged, of which a bit of selenium forms a part, and constitutes the retina. When a strong light is admitted into the lens and falls upon the selenium retina, the current of electricity flows, and, by acting upon small magnets, may be made to work the artificial lids of the eye, opening or closing them according to the intensity of the light. It is well known that the vibrations of musical sounds may, by an ordinary conducting wire, be elec trically transmitted to the ear. It remains to be determined whether light vibrations can, by means of selenium and e'ectricity, be transmit ted to the brain in the absence of the natural eye. On Thursday week a respectable man named Keneally, residing in Kyrl-street, Cork, received injuries which have since proved fatal, in the following extraordinary manner He went to bed at an early hour and dreamt that two men, friends of his, were fighting. For the purpose of separating them he got up, and apiproaching the open window of his room, fell out upon the pavement. A little boy sleeping in the same room attempted to save the dreamer, but in vain. Dr. P. J. Cremen was called to attend Keneally, whom he found suffering from a fracture of the skull, which resulted in his death. A correspondent of the Egho thinks that the term, " This land of plenty," hardly applies to a place where for months the ruling' prices have been (minimum) 2s. 6d. per lb. for butter, 2s., 6d. a dozen for eggs, Is. 6d. per lb. for anything like decent cheese, 7d. and 8d. for meat, 8d a quart for milk, and so ad infinitum. And these foolish shopkeepers do not believe in ' small profits, and quick returns." The life of Mrs. Stewart, the widow of the . wonderful millionaire whose death was recently lamented by New York, has been nothing better than a martyrdom since . it became publicly known that her husband's enormous wealth had devolved on her hands. Wherever throughout the entire world indigence and impudence chanced to be united in the same individual there was discovered a scion of the house of Stewart. The unfortunate lady has received 4000 letters from miscellaneous Stewarts, claim ing kinship with the deceased. And, curious to relate, each writer declares himself or- herself ''the sole surviving relative of your poor dear husband." The Evening Neibs of Friday states that on the previous day the full court (by a majority) dismissed the appeal case, Dunn v. Lowe, from the Mudgee District Court. It appeared that Dunn sued Lowe for a debt Lowe paid some money into Court, and Dunn elected to proceed with the case, and the case was set down for trial. When the case was called on for trial, t;Dunn said he had been satisfied, and claimed costs. The Judge ordered Lowe to pay costs, and against such order Lowe now appealed on ,the ground that as there was nO evidence given, the Judge came to a wrong decision in a point of law. Mr. Simpson appeared for Dunn, and con tended that the Court could not entertain an ap peal where the only question was one for costs. Mr. M. H. Stephen replied for Lowe. The Chief Justice and Sir Wm. Manning held that they could not entertain the appeal. Mr. Justice Hargrave dissented. The famous ruins of the Isle of Iona, Scot land, are being very carefully restored by the owner, the Duke of Argyle. These remains of Catholic times are exceedingly remarkable, and consist of a cathedral and a famous mona6try, built in the year 735 in honour of St. Columba. The Isles of Iona, Staffs, and Hull, areamongthe greatest curiosities in the world, and have been Held sacred for hundreds of years ; for long be fore the Christians held possession of them, the Druids solemnly worshipped their gods before stone altars which still exist mingled with the Irish, Scottish, and Norwegian Kings. The Isle of Staffa contains the celebrated Fingal Cave, and is also covered with ruins of sacred edifices. The undertaking of the Duke of Argyle is of great value to the archceology, for the Monas teries of Iona and its adjacent Islands have occu pied a very interesting and important position in the history of the Church. The accumulation of dirt, stones, and rubbish, which has been gathering in the nave of the old cathedral for eenturies, has been swept away, and 'the fine vista is now clear to where the altar once stood. The cloisters, although much ruined, have been swept clean, and a great number of tombs have been laid bare. In one of the poorest parts of London, Spitals- field, some 26 years ago, a mission was begun by the Marist Fathers: The extreme poverty in which it was commenced may be judged from the fact that the first Mass was said on a couple of egg boxes. At times the missionaries had Bcarce enough to eat. Now, after years of severe struggle, the mission comprises a magnificent Gothic church, a true madiseval monastery, a con vent of Marist sisters, a company of Marist teaching Brothers, and four large schools in structing twelve hundred and ninety-five chil dren. Concerning the Narandera tragedy : — It is supposed that the deceased is identical with a missing clergyman from Wangaratta, who reached Albury, about the end of the month of May, and proceeded on horse-back to the village of Ten-mile Creek, where his horse, bridle, and saddle remain to this day, in the possession of an hotel-keeper, to whom, it is alleged, he gave instructions not to deliver the animal to any person but himself. It is also alleged that the deceased is identical with a clergyman who took his passage by the mail coach from Albury to Wagga on the 2nd June last, and declined to give his name to the coach agent at Albury. There was something strange in his movements, and it was evident that his mind was not under the government pf reason. When on the way to Ten-mile Creek he stopped at Mullengandra, and locked himself a considerable time in his bedroom, which alarmed Mr. Pankhurst, the hotel-keeper. However, on looking through the window, he was observed to be standing in the centre of the room gazing intently on the floor. He left, there and returned from Ten-mile Creek to Albuiy. The supposition that the deceased was labouring under the hallucinatian that he was pursued by bushrangers when he attacked the police is quite reconcilable with the other eccentricities of the deceased, as evidently he laboured under that delusion when he purchased the weapons which were the primary cause of the fatal termination of his career. It is further alleged that an over-coat found on the deceased was identified oy a storekeeper, or his assistant, in Albury as that sold some time in May to the miesins clersrv- man.- — Border Post 