JOHN BLANDFOBJVS WIDOW. (CONTnttTED.) Philip s departure from the house which he lmd entered under auspices sn widely opposit „ had in it a kind of woeful commour,ia,P f , partmgs with Airs. Blandford and "her iu©>'"» m-law were made at the same ry. -nri xr r dressed himself, half unconsci'Uglv lady m especial. 44 It seer s pke auda/ f sard " for me to speak o-_ ' f ,ust 3 r «a put lorwara r utt(,-rly wif.dered feel" ngs o g oom and fghedness as an excuse for hndmg no words ' v, + , n t b iY , c?., ' . I chat can at all match the sub - IZu 1 wander J faltered, while his eyes covertly I u .q - 10 wbere the younger Airs. Blandford silent, pale, clad in her deep black WHLl>- >1 F "- , vv s dress. 4 If it is ever in my7 power to do either of you the least or the greatest service " he com menced ; and then, -while lie paused for a second holding out his hand toward John Blandford's mother, that lady7 spoke a few brief sentences so full of sweet, compassionative and appre ciative heartiness that they dwelt with him assuagingly7 for hours afterward. 4 4 Believe that I echo what my mother-in-law has just said," the younger lady murmured when it came to her turn to accept Philip's offered hand A little later lie left the house. Beniotti accompanied him. Toward the Italian Philip felt a sense of strong gratitude. The part which he had played all through this miserable affair had been marked by the most delicate administrative tact, materially lessen- ing the poignant discomfort of his position. Even now, as he could not but recollect, it was through Bernotti's kind agency alone that he had been enabled to see these two ladies thus v>ri vately- ; for tlie house was populous, just then with relatives on either side of the family, who in their consolatory capacity, had remained over from the funeral. Bernotti went with liiin to New York. After reaching the city they separated. Philip had been so morbidly self- absorbed as not to notice how haggard, worn, and ill his companion looked, until just as their p art ing occurred. ,,®se /ew days have told upon you, Ber notti, he declared, while holding the Italians hand, and scanning with attention his changed face. Accept my7 thanks for all that you have done in my behalf— and I feel that it is much. I. have already given y7ou my address. Don't fail to come and see me. I shall, doubtless, be permanently at home for a long tune. I shall go nowhere, you know-, and be visible to vexy few except yourself. " . . ; But Bernotti did not visit him. A month of the most dismal depression f followed for poor- Philip. He had scarcely7 a near relation living the society7 of his few more intimate friends hail grown ail inexpressible pain to him. There were some nights during which he wholly failed to sleep — others when hideous dreams made wake- fulnoea for preferable te slupiber, Now and thought of suicide temptingly haunted aim. Hearing that the two Sirs. Blandfords had both come baek to town, he wrote the younger lady a note, stating that if it was her pleasure to gee him lie would be most willing to The answer was courteous and friendly, ontifc contained these words': <c I hate to write sich sentence, "and yet I must tell you that I thbdk it best you should, pay me no visit just nAv. By-and-by, when more time has passed, I may perhaps send, you a request to come. " Another month lapsed along, and yet another, and Philip's state was but slightly improved. Indeed, his health began to give way, and the physician whom he consulted strongly advised traveL In December he resolved to go abroad. Before going, he hunted up Bernotti's residence and called upon him. It was a boarding-house, and. instead of seeing Bernotti, he learned from the presiding landlady that this gentleman was lying dangerously ill. His illness had been of about two weeks' duration ; the doctors feared no im mediate peril, but the results were uncertain ; a regular nurse had been engaged and the invalid had been forbidden all Bociety. The lady eould not be at all positive regarding the nature of the illness ; it was a sort of general decline, she im agined, with some obstinate complication in the way of brain trouble. Philip's passage was en gaged for the next day, and on the next day be sailed. He remained in Europe nearly two years. The change at first promised him no benefit, but at length a slow but steady return to former wholesome conditions manifested itself not less morally than physically. His exhausting wound began to heal. He was in many respects any thing but the old Philip, although grown so closely to resemble him that ordinary eyes might not have perceived any difference. Perhaps, in deed, his society possessed added attractions. He had travelled a great deal during these two years, and was just the man to reap thereby much pronounced beneficial result. At the end nf TroQra Vm TvfnimA/1 fjl AmPHPff. vs. VUV JVU1U It was a matter of noblesse oblige (or so he as sured himself ) promptly to call upon Mrs. Bland- ford after arriving in New York. He selected a certain clear afternoon when her being out was among the strongest probabilities, ascertained from the servant at the door that she was out. and left his card. It was now for her, he re flected, to take the next step. If she cared to see him, she would send for him. She did send on the following day. Her note was brief but satisfactory, expressing a desire to meet him that hovered midway between courtesy and cordiality. The same evening Philip called again. The moment that he looked upon her a surge as of revived passion made headlong tumult within him. But he knew well enough when he took her hand that it was not revived passion. He knew well enough that it was the half in toxicating delight of again meeting one for whom his love, through months of suffering and illness, had remained unalterably persistent. The conversation began by her quietly asking him about his travels. Philip talked on and on for perhaps a half -hour, with occasional answers from his companion, though close attentiveness. He suddenly broke off with a laugh, exclaiming : " But you are making me behave like a guide- nook. Had we better not leave Europe, cross the ocean and say something of your own affairs ?" Mrs. Blandford dropped her hazel eyes, then lifted them with suddenness. "I am very well," she murmhred, rather musingly. " and very humdrum, as you may suppose, in my mode of living." " Your gay times are coming in a little while longer," Philip responded, with his gaze fixed on the floor. His tone, though he may not have known it, was supremely sad. Mrs. Blandford started. "And yours?" she questioned, almost with sharpness. " Do you mean to say that they are for ever gone ? I— I had hoped," she went on hesitatingly, 44 I had hoped, Mr. Amyott " " Well ?" questioned Philip. " That time would bring you ample consolation for whatever intensity of regret you had suffered because of that wretched episode. It is sad to 1 hink otherwise." Philip rose to his feet. He was trembling in every limb and noticeably pale. " It is not that," he stammered; "And yet flip nosf. KUP.PPP A.R T mnv in fnrrrffirirr if -ix-ill i-oi be wholly forgotten." His voice grew hol low and hoarse through great feeling as he drew several steps nearer the woman he loved. " It is almost as if I had murdered your husband and his blood now cried out for vengeance upon me." He suddenly sank on the little sofa at her side and fixed his burning look upon her startled face. 4 Do you understand me ?" he whispered, in a voice were she heard a man fight, and but half controllingly, with a man's anguish. "If not, I moan this. I have loved you all along- — almost from the first hour we talked together. What might have been a blessed freedom for both of n s (I know very well that you could endure your dead husband) has become, to me at least, a worse captivity. You are to be won, but I can never win you — the world would cry out against it as a sacrilege, an infamy ! It is this thought that has kept me ill so long. God knows how I ever got well again. Yes, it was this maddening thought far more than -" His voice died into a sort of amazed murmur. Hehadseen that her eyes were swimming in tears an 1 that her whitened lips were quivering, while both her hands had knotted themselves convulsively in her lap. "Sybil 1" he burst forth. She uttered a short sobbing cry. A moment at'ter ward they were locked in each other's arms. But a very little later she had broken away from him. " I love you," she faltered, a strange firmness amid the tremor of her tones. " I love you well enough not to care for the world, in so far n its sneers and scandals assail myself : hut- no ' no ! I will not have people say of you the terrible things that I am sure they would say." Philip laughed aloud as he seized one of her 1 lands and rapturously kissed it, "That is quite enough, Sybil Blandford. b hat do I care for the world "when you are my v ife ? Let them say that I killed your " "Oh, hush she cried. But she did not draw her hand away from his. Through her tears she saw his bright smile self-confident and blissful. Two days later society was scandalized by the news of their formal engagement. The dowager Mrs. Blandford was in Philadelphia, living with a married daughter in that city ; yet her sen's widow had to pass through a staring ordeal enough, not alone because of certain rela- tives on her own and her husband's side, but be cause also of Philip's grand- cousin, that efficient social pillar, Mrs. Churchill Abernethy. The horror manifested by this estimable leader of fashion was something well fitted to appaL Clad in heavy-corded black silk, she called on Sybil Blanchford, and poured forth indignation upon her and upon the' absent Thilip with truly ab surd effect. She Said some foolish things, and not a few sensible Ones. She appealed to Sybil's knowledge of the world, her natural modesty, regard to decent conventional lawra, and Heaven knows to what else, using every arrow wilier outraged propriety possesses within its ably- stocked quiver. But the object of this fine outburst stood her ground, even against Mrs. Churchill Abernethy. Two weeks later her marriage to Phillip was privately performed. A day or so after the ceremony they sailed for Europe. They made Paris their residence for six months, living in retired quarters of the city, and rarely seeing many of their own country people whom they knew — rarely seeing, for that matter, any people in whom they took interest excepting each other. It is only the truth to say that they were both serenely and ex quisitely happy. But after the six months they went to Venice, and the following winter began for them a residence in Florence, which lasted four years. During this time a boy and girl were born to them. Philip made as devoted a father as husband. His wife, never pretty in the accepted meaning of the word, had acquired a touch of stoutness that her Italian friends (and these were not a few) pronounced infinitely becoming. But it was perhaps another cause that combined with this to make her more physically attractive. A sweet, spiritual peace was in her soul, and doubtless left its impress, ethereal yet positive, upon every feature. If Philip Amyott's life had any trouble it was the cloud overshadowing his good name after his marriage with the widow of John Blandford. Especially since the birth of his children had he Ti-mvn to fppl +,V)P T.VPlcrhf. r»f n-haf. Iip iroll L-npxxr to be his social stigma. Now and then he met those of his own country-people in Florence who made it evident in their manner that they had formed marked views and drawn certain pointed combinations. He was naturally a man very sensitive to anything resembling cool treatment. Never going often into any sort of Florentine society, he finally gave it np altogether. He read considerably, spent much time with his wife and children, and now and then lounged about the cafs. Mrs. Amyott sustained the burden of both visiting and entertaining, and very gracefully she did it. One day, after having been out an hour or two, Philip remarked to his wife on entering the room where she sat : " Sybil, whom do you think I saw to-day ?" Mrs. Amyott smilingly admitted herself in capable of guessing. " Bernotti," Philip then informed her. " He was in the cafe for some time while I was there, I suppose, but I did not see him until just as I was passing out. It was then that I caught a brief glimpse of his face. I never saw an vt hi rig nore horribly worn and haggard. It now- seems strange to me that I should even have recog nised him at all. " At this point Philip perceived an odd change in his wife's look. Her eyes had. grown troubled, and she wore a sudden and undoubted paleness! The next moment she abruptly arose from her chair and walked towrard a window. " You don't appear greatly interested in this subject of Bernotti," he at length resumed. " Poor fellow, he was very sick the last time I heard from him. That was nearly six years ago. and — " His wife turned from the window with quite a bright smile. "Philip, "she exclaimed, " here come the children with Pepits. Little Clarence looks so rosy from his ivalk. Go dowm and meet them. You know how it pleases them both to have you do this." Live days later, as Philip was leaving his house one afternoon, a man of somewhat shabby appearance touched his hat and handed him a note, at once moving away. Philip broke the seal and read these words, written in Italian : My doctors tell me that there remain only a few hours for me to live. I have something to tell you, and to give you as well. Will you not come at once to my bedside ? It is a matter of supreme import. Have you forgotten Lfigi Bernotti." The address followed these few lines. Philip lost no time in starting for the place indicated. It was not a great distance off, and he found on reaching the desired residence that Bernotti oc- cupied a modest suite of rooms on the second floor of very prosperous -looking lodgings. A grave, lean-faced Italian ushered him into Bernotti's room. The man was evidently a hired nurse, for, as he passed with Philip to- v ard the invalid's quarters, he murmured, in solemn tones : ' "The signer is very had to-day, very bad. I've nursed a great many in my time ; still, I never saw one man who was so sick and yet not only lived, but kept his wits about h i m as well." Philip uresentlv stood at. bpmnUi'c the sufferer's face was ghastly and emaciated in a fearful way. His coal-black eyes looked enormous as he rolled tliern towards Philip, but he offered his visitor no greetings. One of his bony hands clutched tightly a sealed envelope, on which Philip could trace some sort of super scription. The other held an lvorv crucifix, now and then raised to his hps. "I am sorry to find yon in this ill state," Bernotti's guest began. " I only knew of your being in Florence the other day, and that know ledge came from seeing you leave the caf6, though I had not seen you previously." " I have been in Florence for six months," the sick man now murmured, and his voice was so huskily altered that Philip had anew shock. " I ought to have seen you six months sooner— when I first came. It was because of your being here that I did come — Paolo " < suddenly addressing the nurse) "you are listening attentively ?" " Yes, signor. " 4 That is right— as I told yon to do, you know. " He levelled the intense blackness of his eyes once more upon Philip. " I wish him to hear every - thing. I have deposited three separate state ments with three of your former friends, to be opened after my death. And here, in my' hands, I hold the written confession which you are to read and show all the world if you please. It is the best I can do in the way of reparation God help me !" Philip's face looked the wildest-eyed astonish ment. " Reparation ?" he iterated, questioningly. Bernotti raised the crucifix to his colourless lips. Then he smiled with a sardonic sort of dreariness. It was like the smile of a lost soul- Philip never forgot that smile. " You think you shot John Blandford. . You did nothing of the sort. I shot him. When he said 4 Murderer,' as you told me that he did say after I had started off for help, he meant me. I loathed him. I had loathed him eYer since— ever since I began to adore his wife; . No. one knows what I suffered on seeing him treat her ,so churlishly. A t meals I used sometimes to clinch my bands under the table till I buried the nails into my flesh. She was the soul of purity, sweetness and nobility, and it maddened me to see her maltreated by that brute. I don't think the idea of killing him ever definitely formed itself in my mind until that morning. I was standing two or three yards from him, there in the wood, and the thought suddenly flashed upon me — 4 Shoot now, and swear afterward that it was an accident.' I turned cold, and a sweat broke out over my body. It seemed horrible at first, but a few moments later I was resolved. She was doomed to a lifetime of slow torment with this man, whom she justly de spised and hated, yet who possessed over her the most sacred authoritative rights. He was standing so that I had only to raise my gun, aim cleverly, and she was free. I did lift my gun — and fired ! He fell, and I thought at first that I had killed him instantly. At the same moment I caught sight of you through the screening branches. Your gun was smoking ; you too had evidently just fired, and as the gun was still on your shoulder, I at once perceived what general direction your shot must have taken. A moment later you fired again. By this time I had made another devilish resolve, if you will ; hut it seemed to me as if my mind leaped forward into the future and saw there (since I guessed your love for Sybil Blandford), a most aggravating possibility. Your shot had been simultaneous with my own, or I would have heard it. Con- 1 sequently, mine had been equally unheard by you. What if I took advantage of this wonder ful chance for not alone clearing my own name nf snonininn Vinf nf -nllLfinCr allalTIfir bptwPPll vmn and Sybil Blandford through all time to conae ? Well, you know what followed. W hen you saw John Blandford's prostrate figure I had dragged it several feet nearer the edge of the wood." White as Bernotti himself, Philip stood gazing at the Italian's cadaverous face. 44 You speak of making reparation for all this," he at length mur mured, with something that deserves to be called a tour de force of calmness. I do not see how it is possible. I am now the husband of that murdered man's widow." " You forget those three confessional letters of which I told yon. And here is one more- take it. Your wife has doubtless made known to you how I persecuted her with my passionate addresses scarcely three months after Blandford's death. No ? She has said nothing ? Well, such is the fact. I could not keep silent, though it would have made no difference had I waited two years, like yourself. She was utterly indif ferent to me, apart from the disgust which my early avowal roused. Our last interview showed me how more than hopeless were my chances. I was fearfully ill afterward ; I have been slowly dying ever since. Her marriage with you dealt me my final blow. I think, though this cursed trouble (which the doctors call consumption) has been lingering enough. Oh ! what a superb creature she is I Think of her marrying you, after all ! What other woman would have been so gloriously self-abnegating, so beautifully true to the instincts of her heart ?" A quick con vulsive twitching now seized Bernotti's features. Presently his face grew placid again, and he smiled his former ghost-like smile. 44 The ten sion is snapped, now," he muttered. " Death gave me a reprieve until I told you everything ; now he takes it away. " Philip turned aside, shuddering. The lean- faced nurse went forward and, taking the crucifix from Bernotti's incapable hand, pressed it to his lips. Philip suddenly turned again toward the bed and drew quite near the pillow from which that spectral face was gleam ing. If he had never before, in all his life, shown how large his soul was, he showed it then. Bernotti's eyelids had fallen over his feverish- lit eyes, but Philip gently touched the dying man's hand, and they at once uplifted them selves. "You have not asked me for my forgive- ness, rnmp said, m a strange voice. JJo you wish it ?" The Italian's eyes flashed ; a shiver passed through his frame. It was almost as if those words called his fading consciousness from the brink of annihilation. " Do I want it ?" he gasped. " Oh, my God, null you give it ?" " Yes," answered Philip, " I pardon you." 44 Excellenza, " murmured the lean-faced nurse in fervent tones, "you have a noble heart." Philip may be said not to have fully realised the awful significance of that day's events until he had been home about an hour and had told Sybil everything. And then, when he 6at with one arm about her neck and her hand pressed firmly in his own, he spoke these words, in very CI ATT il oil norofiTTO fnnnc? " J UOllUCittl/I V L/YJAAXO . 44 After all, why should we act upon this good fortune ? Why should we go back to America, and face all the publicity of that fine social recan tation which Bernotti has prepared for us ? We 1 have been happy enough already to believe great happiness possible. Perhaps the change mav only bring with it unpleasant experience and be the date of our first real troubles. Why not let well enough alone ? Why go home, Sybil, just to make our peace with her majesty, Mrs. Churchill Abernethy, and people of that sort ?" As he finished speaking, a shrill yet sweetly musical peal of childish laughter sounded from the adjoining room. His wife's hazel eyes gazed fixedly for a moment on Philip's. Were they both visited by the same thoughts just then ? Was that ripple of childish laughter echoing it self through their innermost souls ? 4 4 1 think it would be well for us to go home, Philip," his wife murmured, a faint smile on her lips, 4 4 and make our peace with Mrs. Churchill Abernethy. " "Perhaps you are right, SybiL "—Edgar Fawcett, in Appleton's Journal. 