LITERATURE. MISS ROSSETTI'S POEMS. Gonlin' Market, The Phince's Puoguess, and other Poems. By Christina G. Rossetti. London: Macmillan | and Co. 1 Who is there that, walking alone in some high wood, has not started with pleasure at finding, deeply embowered in grasses and large water-leaves, the cool well-head of some distant stream. Here the lilies cluster; here the freshest airs are blowing ; here the aerial shadows of the treea seem most mysterious, tbe inner sounds of living things most musical. Around this silent throbbing heart, this quivering mirror of soft boughs and sky, the common sights and sounds of nature seem to wear a mood more tender and more lUHCUDC U1CW dOQWUVAC* IV DUVU CV WCU»D|JI lug Wv WUU1U liken the rare erenius of Miss Rossetti; delicate and yet strong, circumscribed but fathomless, small in seope but perfect within its own limits, the gift of this poet seems, in comparison with the sea-like or river-like genius of her most eminent contemporaries^ to resemble nothing so much as a well of water apart among the woods. Of the positive value of her best writing there is not, so far as we ' are aware, any difference of critical opinion among competent judges. Among the many gifted and amiable women now living who write more or less elegant, intellectual, or sensi tive verses, there is not one other «f whom it is possible to say, as must be said of her, that certain of her poems will hold an honoured place in men's thoughts while the English literature exists. This high honour may await the poems, or some of the poems, of the poetesses her coevals, but of no work of any one of them can it be predicted, in words of the same coniident assurance as we all should unite in using with regard to Miss Rossetti's ?' Dream-land ' or her 'Echo.' It is natural to compare her with the one other poetess of the first rank which England has possessed, Elizabeth Browning, , hut it is this accidental analogy alone which unites their names. Beyond the tie of sex, there is hardly any link between th--m. The one was eager for objective successes, full of rhetorical ardour, wide dramatic sympathy, and irrepressible vivacity of intellect ; the other is eubdued, restrained, withdrawn, rippling ovtr with faultless music in a low key, introspective, melancholy, pensive. In Mrs. Browning the lieiy, almost volcanic torrent of thought rent and scarred the inadequate channel of tbe form; in Miss Rossetti the intense thread of imagination flows onwards in the close control of a most artistic style. The two poets are an nearly allied to one another as Dryden to Gray, as Byron to Coleridge. In the isolation of the living poetess lit is perhaps to Coleridge, more than to any other writer, to whom we must look for a kindred genius. Her occasional assimilation of style to that of her brother, her rarer adoption of Tennysonian mannerisms, are accidental and exterior; but 1 the resemblance to Coleridge is more essential.- There is in them both the same struggle between a direct didactic pur pose and a purely romantic inspiration, the same tendency to darken poetic thought with pietistic or transcendents! transports, the same keen observation of external nature, the same occasional . gift of unsurpassed melody. With special regaid to this last quality, it appears to u» that there are and have been singers amongst us whose fulness of voice, whose range of notes, wtose sonorousness of organ far exceed these two ; tut that in subtlety and magic of music there have been none that have surpassed Coleridge and Christina Rossetti at their highest It would be a pleasant task to dwell at length on those poems, ' toadied as with the fire and bathed as in the light of sunbeams ' (to quote the eloquent tribute of ;one of I the greatest of critics), which have already, in three thin, volumes, been given to the world by Miss Rossetti ; to ? analyse 'Goblin Market,' analagous in phantasy ta the *' Ancient Mariner to examine ' The Prince's Pro gress,' that admirable little parable-epic \t-hich takes in her repertory the place of 44 Christabel;' to parallel 41 Kubla. Khan' with the mysterious and unearthly passion of her 44 Convent Threshold but these, and her strong sonnet* and fragrant snatches of song, are well known already to all lovers of poetry. The new volume before us calls us from, the task of general criticism to a more particular scrutiny of its contents. It offers more that is novel than its too modest title-page would give us reason to hope, but. it will require a careful and rather tedious study to separate what is okt from what is new. The poems contained in the volumes published respectively in 1S62 and 1S66 have been shuffled, up, and arranged with or without respect to their subject in. a wholly new order. Here and there a new piece is intro duced, 'but no word or sign is granted ns to point; out the fresh insertions, and it is only after a laborious col lation of the index with those of the' two earlier volumes, that we are able to detect with certainty what has not ap peared before. The gain is more considerable than we wero at first inclined to believe. The edition of 1875 contain* no less than forty poems not to be found m its predecessors. We proceed to notice these acquisitions in detail. The most important of the new poems are nine sonnets of marvellous firmness and strength and outline. The authoress has before now written a few sonnets of peculiar beauty, tbe splendid lit cie poem called 44 A Triad ' being perhaps the best of them, but she has not excelled and scarcely equalled the finest of these new ones. 44 From Sunset to Star-rise' is the moan of a woman, self-separated from all communion with, the world, across whose life the winds blow mocking ghosts of her past hopes and pleasures. 41 Once for All' is less easy to understand ; a woman walking in a spring garden turns aside with perverse purpose to the one shaded nook where winter and the frosts are still, choosing disappoint ment rather than love. The three sonnets entitled 44 They desire a better Countiy.' have a loftier purpose, and move to a statelier music. A woman, still young and surrounded, by the fair things of the world, will have none of them, remembering her one love now dead, and listening to his voice from heaven, calling perpetually ' Follow me here, ! rise up and follow here.' Her soul, with a fiery persist ence, gazes into the future till at last the dimness divides: and the golden walls of heaven shine through, and she sees the lost lover whose voice has drawn her upwards.. Technically perfect, these three sonnets thrill with strange fervour ana glow with mystical light ; there are not many poems of their class in the language that surpass them. 44 On the Wing' is the cry of a broken heart and an out raged life; 41 Love Lies Bleeding' translates into gentltr language a less poignant anguish; 'Autumn Violets ' en shrines the tender diffidence of a spirit for. whom life has | been a disappointment. From these sad melodies we turn with pleasure to a sonnet written in a more genial mood. VE-TUS'S LOOKING-GLASS. I marked where lovely Venus anil her court ; With song and dance and merry laugh went by ; Weightless, their wingless feet seemed made to fly. Bound from the ground and in mid air to sport. ' Left far behind I heard the dolphins snort, Tracking their goddess with a wistful eye. Around whose head white doves rose, ?wheeling high. Or low, and cooed after their tender sort. All tliis 1 saw in spring. Through summer heat I saw the lovely Queen of Love no more. But when flushed autumn through the woodlands went I spied sweet Venus walk amid the wheat : Whom seeing, every harvester gave o'er His toil, and laughed and hoped and was content. Theire was never written anything more graciously neos Pagan than this little masterpiece. The best of Ronsard' sonnets do not excel it in radiance'and warmth. The other new lyrics are not on the same level of excel lence. Some of them display a rare perfection; others fait through being efforts in fields foreign to the authoress's genius. The long piece entitled 44 The Lowest Room,' for instance, begins with some origiuality and spirit, but be comes at last a bad imitation of Miss Ingelow. This is the worst case, but failure with Miss Ros setti always means complete failure. Either her poem is dear, round, ana faultless, like a dewdrop. or it is a shapeless passage of fallen thoughts. Of the new poems of sentiment, 41 A Smile and a Sigh' is one of the veiy best: — A smile 'because the nights are short ! And every morning brings such pleasure Of sweet love-making, harmless sport ; Love that make* and finds its treasure Love, treasure without measure. A sigh because the days are long ! Long, long these days that pass in sighing ; A burden saddens every song ; While time lags that should be flying, We live who would be dying. ' Somewhere or Other' expresses the conviction of «? lonely heart that somewhere in the universe a kindred senl must be waiting and yearning, in some eventual avatar to be revealed and to make answer. ' A Bride Snng' is unwontedly sunny and gay: 'Confluents' filled with the music of Bobbing water by a hope less regret; while 44 Twilight Night' is cheered in its solitude by the cherished hope of reunion. Some of the other lyrics are no more than dirges. Of these sad elegies of love, dead and buried out of sight, ' Dead Hope ' seents to us the simplest and most passionately sweet. ' Amor Mundi ' is a magnificent protest against the easy wanton virtue that glides softly down to hell in the arms of a specious vice. The two go singing along the flowery valley, with love-locks blowing, and all things sunny and delightful around them, but a change came at last : — ' Oh ' what is it that glides quickly where velvet flowers grow thickly, Their scent comes rich and sickly!' 'A scaled and hootitdb jrorm.' 44 Oh ! what's that in the hollow, so pale I quake to follow !' 'Oh ! that's a thin dead body that wait6 the eternal term.'* ' Turn again, oh, my sweetest,— turn again, false and fleetest, This beaten way tliou beatest, I fear, is hell's own truck ! ' ' Nay, too cteep for hill-mounting; nay, too late for cost counting. This downhill path is easy, but there's 110 turning back.' The additional devotional pieces in this edition have the same characteristics as those with which we are already familiar ; a spirit of extreme self-abnegation, a constant stimulation of the sluggish heart to further devotion to God, a passion longing to be exhaled, consumed, evaporated by the flame of the visible deify, and a style founded somewhat too closely on that of the divine poets of the seventeenth cen tury — Herbert, Vaughan, and their disciples. To this cri ticism we must make an exception in the case of 44 By the Waters of Babvlon,' an ambitious poem in Una rima. — E. W. G., in Examiner. Modem? Reconstructions of Histoky.— It is fhe fashion now to pull down the idols of tbe post and set up new and, hitherto, comparatively unknown ones in their place ; to rehabilitate the deg'aded and to reverse the deci sions and the decrees of history. Speculation and criticism seek out dark spjtB and drag new heroes into light, while they who stand in the light of fame are scrutinized so closely that they seem but common things after alL If we go on at this rate much further, we shall not have a villain left, nor a beauty, por a hero. Helen was on old hag, past 60, at the beginning of the Trojan war. Judas is already on his feet. Nero is absolved from his murders. Henry VIII. has become a noble, free-hearted spirit; and as for his wive8, the new verdict is, 44 Served them right.' Wil liam Tell has vanished into the darkness of myths, Eugene Aram is adramatio sentimentalist who couldn't help himself. No one but maniacs in their fits of madness are now guilty of murder. Even Byron's perfect purity has been called in question. Almost no villain is left except Cain, and let us grapple to him with hooks of steel _ Let no man try to take Cain from us. What would life be l worth without him : Alas ! we are getting weak in our faith. — Story's Coni-ersaliotis in a Studio. In recognition of his past services, a purse containing one hundred pounds has just been presented by the Guild of | Literature and Art to Mr. Richard H. Home, one of its founders. It may be nece sary to remind the present gene ration that Mr. Home is one of- the few survivors of- that band of famous amateurs who appeared -at Devonshire House, in Bulwer Lytton' s comedy of 4i Not so Bad as We Seem,' on behalf* of the embryo guild. Lord - Lytton, Dickens, Douglas Jerrold, John Leech, and Maclise we** among the distinguished authors and artists who took part in the performance. 