NEWS BY THE' :;' MAIL. . ; 'Xhe P. and 0. Co.'a E.M.S. Bangalore arrived ia Hobaon'a Bay at 4 o'clock on Saturday morning with tho March European zn&ib.; Subjoined will bo found oar London, Dramatic, and Continental correspondent!) letters, and extracts from our fileB of home papera :— THE POLITICAL SITUATION IN EUROPE. j-nosi our own cobresposdknt]. Losdos, 17th March. The civil war in Spain is over. Don Carlos Las taken sanctuary in England, and ex-Queen Isabella is likely to obtain permission to reside with Ler son at Madrid. The friends of Spain do not look v/itk unmixed satisfaction at the con juncture of events. Spanish securities showed increased firmness for a day or two, but they Trero soon down to their old level, notwithstand ing tho increase in tho amount of accrued intoreat. One insurrection being quelled, tho Commencement of some other is looked upon as probable. Tho Spaniards of the north have given up the cause of Pon Carlos, but they Lave not consented to surrender tho peculiar privi leges of -which he was looked upon as the cham pion. The retreat of tho belligerent pretender Las merely served to place King Alfonso in a new dilemma. Ho must either irritate tbo north by refusing tue restoration of its ancient privileges, or he uiU3fc offend tho south by granting them. The return of Queen Isabella will be a signal for the recommencement of those intrigues with tbo clerical party which have ever been the curse of Spain, Even if tho queen-mother were disposed to play a neutral part, she would.'not bo allowed to do so. Tho financial condition of the country is deplorable. One tronble has been healed ; a host of other troubles are on th'o point of break ing out. The insurrection in the Herzegovina is likely to be starved out, but it will not die easily. The cordon drawn by Austria and Russia to exclude all sympathy and help is doing its work, but the fact will be remembered to the disadvantage of these powers, and will lead to dissatisfaction among their own subjects. Public opinion throughout JSurope is turning strongly in favor of tho insurgents, Manual Llacmahon is winning golden opinions Jby tho way in which ho has recognised the wishes of the people as expressed in the general election. Although the result was in direct op position to his hopes and desires, he has shown much aptitude in accommodating himself to the circumstances, and for the discharge of tho duties Of a constitutional ruler. A nearer approach to the principles of responsible government than was ever beforo seon in France has been achieved, and instead of the chango bringing with it any heartburnings, it appears to have bad a wonderfully tranquilliaing effect ; the Marshal is for the first timo free from worry, and there is a cessation of those plots and counterplots which, while a Minister who had not tho coniidenco of the country was at the head of affairs, seomed interminable. The future of France was never bo promising of peace and prosperity as it is now. ? Russia rcpose3 in a Btate of self-satiafaction alter having annexed Khokand. The Czar had Boms misgivings as to how the proceeding would Lo regardod in Europe, and so he managed to have the annexation telegraphed before it actaally took place, in order that he might, with truth, dony the authenticity of the statement. Finding that Europe was profoundly indifferent, ho took heart of grace and issued tho proclama tion. The facfe is that the proceeding had been discounted, and the actual event, when it bei came due, produced no excitement. /The high tide of Conservative prosperity 13 now past the flood, and it is not unlikely that tho rest of tho voyage will bo ' found in shallows and in (?) miseries.' The cause of tho change is obvious enough. No Tory Ministry can bo toler ated unless it is willing to do Liboral work; but T?hon it satisfies tho country by yielding to this necessity, its own supportors become disgusted A&d; disorganised. To still the mutiny it yields occasionally to tbo pressure, and perpetrates some party job. Every Ministry commits bluu dors, and every blunder leads to reaction. Then, all Tory gOTornments are financially weak. They tako offico with a surplus, and speedily bring about a deficiency. This leads to tho necesaity for increased taxation, and then tho ebb set3 in strong. No government can long survivo this fitsgo in its career. ; Mr. Ward Hunt is the Jonah of tbo sinking chip, and he should have been thrown overboard long ago. Ho had scarcely got on the deck before lio made tho astounding declaration that England iad nothing better than a ' phantom Qeet.' No ono at tho timo suspectod him of being a prophet, l-ut it now seems as if coming evonts had cast thoir shadows before, and that tho ghost of tho Vanguard must have boen in his mind's eye. It was not tho sinking of tho ship, but tho oxtra. ^ Ordinary succession of falso positions with which T ihd'&dmiralty; managed to 'got itself wedged ihat proved tho unfitaess of the First Lord for his position-,- It ia quito inconceivable that ho can ever rotrievo himself, and it would bo a mercy to commit him to the witvea, ia order that ho may Lavo a chance of boing cast ashore, fpr he can cover bo anything olflo than at sea ia his present position. Keeping him on board was tho first mistake made by his comrades, but not tho last. Mr. Disraeli took offico with a majority of 52. It has boon reducod by subsequent elections to 46 ; and on tho Burials question it was only 31. Whoa a majority thus begins to fail, Us freaking up is often rapid. Tho relations between England and Egypt are becoming pocutiar, The Khedive is like an easy going tr&dosmon; who, when ho finds himself in difficulties, surrenders his estate, notwithstand ing a surplus of assets, to relievo himself from tho worry of fighting with his creditors in detail. His books have boen audited by the firm of Dis raeli and Co.; he has borrowed a clerk from the British Treasury, and he wishes tho management of his national bank to be put in foreign commis sion. He would rather have nothing to do with his own rovonuo— always excepting tho spending of as much of it 33 possible. This he does right royally, especially in pushing on the war against Abyssinia. Now that he has at last obtained a real victory, he will probably consont to a peace, that 13 if King Johann would not also like to leave off a winner, and prefer war at any price. Colonial emigration agents find just now a great difficulty in persuading the working classes to leave England. Employment is plentiful, and wages, although they have slightly fallen, aro still highor thaa they wero five years ago. Do mestic servants, if their employers are to be be lieved, wero novor so scarce or independent as they aro now. The country is, therefore, fairly prosperous,' and there is nothing to indicate any approaching unfavorable change. Spelling bee3 and skating rinks divide the attention of those who have a weakness for mild dissipation. Anything that brings people togother for innocent amusement is commendable, and so far as they have gone thero is not much to be said against the new inventions. New ? Yes ; for although the colonies got over tho first stage of the rinking epidemic many years ago, the intro duction of tho virus to England is a thing of yes terday. 