j GENERAL NEWS. An inquest ww hell is Bathurst on tht 27th May («ay« the B*thur»t Time») ou »he >»dy of Mr. Bernard D-Uiherty, who died that norning from injurio* infiietcd by himsolf oa tS» pre vioui Sunday. About a fortnight a#o the deoeaoed eame up to Bathurst, and excited some remark by hi* peoulur behaviour. I* was believed be bad haea drinking, and a- ho ap- peared to be suffering fra« it« effets the land- lord of the Newmarket Hotel, whtre he at*y>d, refused to supply bim with liquor. He hearns to have obtained It elsewhere, however, as on Sunday, the 21«t May, be wau more th.in usu- ally oxoitcd ia hi« m inner He w"it out in the morning, and eame back ahmt 9 o'olook, and asked repeatedly for drink ; hut it was not given him He was ultimately tnduocd by Mr. Savile to-retire to his room, and while fiore, while the rrst of the iomatrs of the honsa wero at dinner, he sUbbed himself in the thro it with a pocket- knife. Medioal as-iatdnoo wa* «ought, and under tho itnmcditte care of Dr Corns the man seemed to go on favourably until Saturday morning, when he died The Wananga, the opposition Maori news- paper thus alludes toits opponent, (ha Wak» Maori, whioh ia printed and pubtiabed at the expenso of New Zealand Government :-" B» tho way, the Waka Maori is going deeper mad deeper into political controversy We do not ohjsct to opposition-we rath«r Uko it. We only say, let the Waka Maori dispense with the Government subsidy, and then the fight will be fair. In that ease, we prophecy that the Waka Maori will soon upset, and those who now use it as a machino for drawing Government aaonvy «ill have to swim to seme othor shore for a living." The following i» rolated by the Southern Argut :-A wag, in endeavouring to play off a praotical joke, wa« well "sold" a few night« age. It appears that, sines a mau named Jeffery was drowned in a creek same time back on the Gundary Plain«, a rumour ha« prevailed that a ghos*. has shown itsolf te travellers along the Bungonia Road, at or near the plaee where (bo unfortunate man had boen drowned. A resident of Bungonia, riding home frem Goulburn the other night, found that his horse could not be persuaded to pass the haunted spot, and looking forward he saw something white swaying from side to «ide on the road. The Bungoniaite dismounted, and sueeeedtd in lead- ing his horse up to where the «upposed ghost was displaying his terrifying powers, and then, suddenly mounting his animal, he at the same lime gave a sharp cut of his whip across the faee of the ghost, who omitted, not a blue flame, with the attendant dissolving into thin air, but a painful sound perfeotly huma«, and mode a rush for an adjoining fence, whioh the ghost ( nimbly got over before the horseman, who ( elesoly pursued him, was able to administer another out of the whip. A caution to parents not to send young children down to the boich was given lately at . Geelong. The Geelong Advertiser says that a i little girl, named Gillies, with two companions, i was dabbling ia tbo water, near the mouth of the western drain. With boots and stockings off, they amused themselves amazingly in the < shallow water. Tho girl Gillie?, howover, made { aeross to the deep cutting alongside of th« Moorabool wharf, and before she became aware ( of her danger she had lost her footing, and but for the temporary support afforded by her clothes would have sunk immediately, as she either could not swim, or was too frightened to try. A man named Sayle happened to notioe ker, and, . without the «lightest hesitation, ho rushed in i -clothes and all-to the resoue The adhesive quality of the mud, however, fairly baulked his , effort to swim back with the girl, and a young fellow, Alfred Loeoh, goiog to his assistance, they , managed to bring the half-dead Miss Gillies to shore, whence she and hor companions were sent . off to her home. , The Pattoral Time» of May 27 says : A young | man named Hallinan, blacksmith at Brookong , station, carno into Urana in the morning and was starting for bis home in the ovening, when hie horse fell and rolled over him, causing fracture of the skull He was brought book to Urana ' nneonsoioua, and diod soon after, leaving a young widow to whom he WSB only married a few a oaths. About a quarter to 7 o'olook John Sheldon Harris, six years of age, who was residing with Mrs Jane Harris, of Mary-street, St. Peters, waa found drowned in a well (says tho Echo) OB the premises of Mrs Sehry ver, of Oook's River Road, St. Peter«. He was last seen alive about half past 1 o'oloak on Tuosday by Mrs. Harris, but was not seen afterwards until bia body wai dis- covered in the well by Richard Ohapolow. EXTHAOHDINAUY PttooEBDiNds -A strange scene was witnessed o.i the bank of the Runooin Ganai, near Ohoster, on the afternoon of Maroh 2\. On the back of a horse, whioh wai towing a a flat, was seated a man with a ohild in his arms ; a woman was holding on to the horse's traces, while another wa« being draggsd along by the animal's tail. All the party wore drunk but tho ohild and the horao. A spectator, seeing that the ohild was in danger, called to tho woman to take it from the man. Ono of them accordingly took the ohild in hor arms, and shortly afterwards, losing her bataneo, fell into the water. A labourer on the bank jumped into the canal, rescued tho woman, and pulled oat the ohild. On opening the shawl, howevor, in whioh the ohild was wrapped, it was found to ho dead, wheroupon tbo druuken man and the two drunken women staggered off, leaving the body in oharge of the look-keeper. The Pall Mall Budget remarks that " thua closed soeno No. 1, and tho ourtain roso on scene No. 2 on the 4th Maroh, at Runoorn, when an inquest waa held on the remains of tbo infant Tbo foots as stated having boen detailed by witnessoB, tho jury oould not agree, and were looked up to consider their verdiot. Ton of tho jurymen were in favour oi a verdiot of ' manslaughter,' but the other two considered tho death of the ohild aooidootal, and said if they stayed there seven years thoy should not altor their opinion. Arguments being useless, tho jury bogulled their time by conversation and amuBomont. Ono or two of them who wore 'local brethren,' delivered religious addresses dirootod against capital punishment. These were followed by further addrosaes on politics and tcetotalism, and by the singing of Mr Sankoy's hymn, «Hold the Fort.' In the meantime, tbo man and the two women had been taken boforo a mogistrato and committed to take their trial at Chester assizes, on a oharge of manslaughter. At half-past 8 o'clock the Coroner, after expressing his 'snrpriso and disgust' at the conduot of the jury, dismissed them, at the same time diiallowiDg (hoir foes, to show his disapprobation of their eonduot. The whole affair is a striking pioturo of ' man and manners ' ia modern days." R*ub.-«s D.ivis, H oarponier, -».ii tnia morning («»ya the Evening Jetât of Wednesday) sen- tenced, at tho Central Polie* Conn, to aix months' imprisonment, for having committed an atsault of «n aggravatud nature up->a h:s wife, Harriet Davis It w*s abo vu by the evideaaa that Davi< went homo dronk last night, tul with.m' the klighust provooition «truck hi» wi( . (who liai an infmt in hor at un ut the time) a violent blow over tho eyo wi'.b. a oaudlcs'.ioV, inflicting a severe wound, whioh bled profusely. The chilli alto reooived a out on the head from the «»«f blow IMPORTANT DECISION RESPKCTINQ IMPRISON MENT ros DKnr-A point o lair of consider- able tutcrrat, saya tbo Mmehetter GawdiaH (M»roU 28), hm just bec» decidid by tim Quoen'a Bench Di»Uion of tim High Court of Justin» Aa our rcadors are no doubt swan, imprisonment for debt, is no« limited to oasiB in which there is good reason tu beli'-vo that th« debtor ha« tho means to di-oharg-i bia olili gâtions but from ahucr obaiioRtay, nr some otliT cause, r erases to piy Tho Debtor Act fixe« the maximun period of iiuprisonmont under a-*)' one ordorof the Court at six weeks ¡ but the question has boen raised whether when n pcrsou has ben once committed ho oan under this statue b» summon' d again for the earn» debt, and if «'ill ooAtuxtaai.ms be sent to prison a acoond time It appears that out nf the sixty-one County Court Judge« fifty-nine hnv« held that there is no po^cr to reoommb a debior for the asme debt Tbo remaining two have tniintaiued the opposite view, and it waa by way of aipoal from the deeisio» of these dissentioot, Jtid^eB that thequestion caine beforo the superior Court Their lordships uphold tho view of the majority of the County Oocrt Judgoa, though tho Lord Chief JuBtice observed that " it waa difficult to understand tho principle upon whioh legislation on this subject had proceeded " If impri- son mont, he said, was allowed at all aa a me ins of enforcing payment, " tboro did not appear tu be any reason why the imprisonment should not be renewed." There ia one peculiarity of tin, law whioh strikes one aa a singular anomaly. | Although, as now finally dcoidod, a man oanuot be impria med a aeoond timo; say fora debt of £10, which he has engaged to discharge en ¿>/oc, he is liable if the debt is duo by instalments to be scot to gaol for tho non-paymont of each instilment. Thua if he agreed to pay the £10 by tea inatalmonta, he might in default be ordered to undergo ton successive terms of imprisonment of six weeks caoh. Tbo JUanchetier Examiner, March 28, states that the Lord Chief Just ice took the view which socms most consistent with common sense-not always, the same thing as legality, and most in hirmony with the humano spirit of modern legislation. He remarked that it was difficult to understand the prinoiple npon which Parliament had pro- ceeded in this matter ; for if imprisonment was allowed at all as a moana of euforoing payment, ia oases whore the' debtor was able to pay, tboro did not appaar to bo any reason why tho im- prisonment should not be rennwed. Bat as the sower to imprison was limited to six woeka, and thcro was no express power to imprison again, the Court oould not oreato a,power tbo Legisla- ture had not called into oxistonoo Tho Court thorefaro ruUd that the debtor who rawed the question, having boen imprisoned onoo, was to all intenta and purpoaoa a free man. Mr. John Riloy (tho Spectator paya) wa« the originator nf the Boheme for supplying Castle- maine and Bendigo with water from the Coliban River, and for many years waa a surveyor in gool practico It ia also stated that at ono timo ho had accumulated considerable means, but that these gradually melted »Way, tho ohief oaiiBo being the long and serious illness of his wife, who eventually diod insano. Following this trial, he waa attaokod by paralysis of tho hand and an affection of the legs tbat havo prevented him following his profession. Under thean oireumatanceshe haB been admitted into tho Mel- bourne Benevolent Asylum He is vory fur from being tho only unfortunate man of education that bas been glad to Book refuge within the walla of that institut¡OD. Messrs Dean and Laughton are statod by the Kapunda Herald to havo met with a serious loss on May 11, out of a flock of 3700 sheep. Whilst resting in a paddook a littlo to the north of Light Bridge, 173 ci the flock died within half an-hour after eating a parsley-liko herb whioh grows at the edges of tho olaypans in this and other Bay of Bisoay ground. Tho symptoms were just similar to thoeo in dogs poiBonod with strychnine. A large numbor of the other ihnap wore also seriously affootod, though thoy re eovdred from tho effects of tho dose. TIIBRAII.WAYSUSPENSION BRIDCIE OVER NIA- GARA HIVHR -Abaoluto rigidity was not to bo expected from a suspension bridge ; but by the woight of tho two floors, strengthened by pro- perly diapoflod girders, trusses, and stays, ampia stiffaesB is onsured BO as to resist tho aotion o' railway trains, or the violonoo of Btorms, orovon hurricanes ; and yot, from its modo of suspension, Huffioiont flexibility is attained, so that whon loaded with a goods train covering ita wholo length, and weighing about 826 tona, tho oambor of tho bridge was depressed ton inches, and on the romoval of tho load immediately rose to its former levol, it is probablo that a tubular bridge of iron (like the Conway tube), and of 800 foot span, would dofloot noarly to tbo samo oxtont under the samoload. The cables and suspending corda are of ateol wire ; tboro are two platforms, or floors ; the lower ono hi uaod for foot paBsnn> gera and whoel-oarriagoa ned horsca, and tho up- per ono for railway trains only. Tbo two floors aro conneotcd by two trusses of aimplo construc- tion, so arranged that its resisting aotion oporates both ways, up aa well as down. Tho railway oonsiats of throo gauges-the 4 foot 8£ inohos, the ö feet 6 in olios, and tho 6 foot-and ia sup- ported by timbor girdora, whioh sorvo to diatri buto the presBuro of oonoontrated loads ; and a Burprialngdogrcoof stiffness baa boen obtained by the uuited aotion of the girdors and trusses There are four suspension oables, each of ten in- ohos diameter, and composed of 3610 wiroa of small No. 9 gaugo, sixty wiroa forming ono squaro inoh of solid section. Eaoh eablo is com- posed of seven strands, containing 520 wiroa, one of theae forming the centre ; the 6ix othors are plaood round it. Tho length of tho uppor oablos is 12G1 feet, and of the lower 1103 feet. They pass over stone towors, vory solidly oon atruotcd, and aro anohorod into tho limostono rook on either sido that composes tbo uppermost stratum of the oliffa. On tho towors »ro cast iron saddles rcating on ten oaBt-iorn roll ors, five inches in diamotor, plaood oloao togothor, the objoot of those rollers being to admit of a slight movoment of the saddlos whenever tho cquili brium b3twoon the land and suspension oablos is disturbed, either by changes of temporaturo or by passing trains. The utmost woight thal this bridge oould ever bo oallcd on to support, inoludiog tho tension resulting from its own woight, is 2202 tons, to whioh a strength is opposod of 12,000 tons, or over five, fc'.mcs as m noll and without oounuag upon tho auM.-,canoe of the stay«. Tue oost of the bridge and works" in relatiou to it was undor £80,000 The hrid^o i> 2.r)0 fcot above the sea.-Illustrated Ne*«, April 9, 1859 Tie h'rit Irish grievtnoe atrikoa »t the fair fain- if Shikup ar* It ii alleged th..t ho haq nruittfd I ¡sh characters from bia plays Surely this oliargo is unf.<uude<l What oatt b> moro nvidout iliuu his ear« not te wr-und the f clings of a touohy na'iou when ho makes Hulmei ocn sitlt a typioal Irishman ata oritioal m mont, bo oiking tho question, " flaw might I do it, Pat, now ho is praying ?" And then ho lins among thq most prominent of his characters O'Thello, Cory O'Linus, and, for tho most gentío of hor «ex, the lady O'Pholia, vcxt to tho wondors of the tolograph arc the humours that its eporator« «omotirufs indulge in, and that, too, in the oaninst and mont natu- ral way in tho world. For example, could anjthing bo dtoller than this I* An operatoria Detroit was working on ouo Chiougi wiro, and feeling a dcairo for a toothful of tho weod, quiotly intsrrupted tho report ho was sending, to instruct the gontloman who was taking from him in Chicago to ask tho gentleman on another Detroit wiro to toll Powers, wS.o worked about six feet from hi II, to hand him a chow of to baooo. Tho iuslruotion« were followed nut, and in about half a minuto Powers tossed ovor his tobaooo box, as he could not fail to respond to a friend who had sont sn far for a favour. Tho Worst Slave Giroulur (by a bruto of tv._ baoholor) -Tho wedding-ring -Punch &&>"*? 