NEWS OF THE DAY. The R.M.S., with tbe European mails, was sighted oil Cape Bqrda at three o'clock this morning, and wns not expected at Glenelg before two or three o'clock this afternoon The steanicr has experienced very heavy weather during the latter portion of her trip from King George's Sound. A THI11D EDITION of TuE Hkual-d will bo published as shortly nftcr five o'clock ns possible, and will contain a telegraphic summary of mail news from our Adelaide correspondent, n,nd any other items of news coming to hand. Some idea of the excitement caused by the sad news of the loss of the steamer Dande nong, and the drowning of a large number i of her passengers and craw, may be gathered from the fact that over tjiikty two thousand copies of The Herald wero printed and disposed of notwithstanding which it wns quite impossible to obtain, a copy of the paper at many of tho 'suburban ngoncies. We believe that . the circulation of . The Hbbald yesterday has never .been equalled by any daily journal in tbd Australian colo nics, We deeply regret that. the intelligence conveyed to the public was of so disastrous a nature. It will be seen from a telegram in another oolumn that the steamers dispatched from Sydney to look for the U.tndcnong, bad reached Jervis Bay. and searched the locality, without discovering, any traoe of tbe un fortunate steamer. | Later in the day intelligence reached' ns that the Tasmania, one of the steamers sont ont, had returned to Pott Jackson without having met with any trace of the Dandenong, All hope of the survival of the steamer may therefore be abandoned; nor is there anything known to lead to the belief that any of. her pas sengers succeeded in getting away in the boat left with the steamer when the Albert William ported from her. Between seven and eight o'clock last evening, a rumor was extensively circulated that the Dandenong had been sighted off Sydney Heads. large numbers of people visited the office of this journal, and congregated around the Electric Telegraph Office, only to be cruelly disappointed by learning that the rumor was unfounded. Captain Pain, the commander of the ill fated steamer Dandenong, owes in all probability, his being alive at the present moment, to the fact that, just prior to the departure of the Dandenong on her last trip, he was summoned by the Crown as a witness in the impending trial of the second mate of the s.s., Barrabool. - Captain Pain was than prevented from taking the command of his vessel, the Dandenong, which was placed in the temporary charge of Captain Irwin. Mr G. Le M. Gretton, formerly associate to his Honor Mr Justice Barry, was to-day admitted as a barrister of the Supreme Court, Mr Gretton was, as a matter of form, admitted till only the last day sf Hilary term, as the rales of tho 'court require that a member of the English bar who seeks admission to the bar of this colony, shall have resided in Victoria at least three months before his admission. At the end of Hilary Term, Mr Grstton's final admission will be moved. Those . who have known Mr Gretton as judge's associate will, wo are sure, be glad to renew their intercourse with him in another capacity. To-day being the last day of term, the following gentlemen were admitted as bar risters of the Supreme Court:— Henry Bournes Higgins, on- the motion of Mr Higinbotham ; and George Le Mesurier Gretton (till last day of Hilary Term), on tho motion of Mr Higinbotham, The following gentlemen were admitted as attor neys, solicitors, and praetors of the court : — Charles Cohen, on the motion of Mr MacDer- mott; William Johnson, on the motion of Mr Billing; Claude Osmond Harrison Keogh, on the motion of Mr O'Loghlen; George Henry O'Hea, on the motion of Mr Wrixon; and Alfred Martin Strongman, on the motion of Mr Wrixon. We understand that Captain Panter's pro position (recently adopted by the Govern ment) of taking all the m on in the Govern ment service in Hobson's Bay, who are nnder forty yonrs of age, for six months' training in each year on board the Cerberus, has been clve'n up. The reason for this Stan reptnai ii.Tias ueii-uiau.-i.sai onry a lew or the men in question are of the reqnisite ago the great balk being over forty. The num ber eligible is so small that it is not con sidered worth while to make the experiment proposed. The permanent crew of the Cerberns. will, therefore, havo to be recruited from some other source. There is, however, no' reasoa why the' services of the Government employee's in the Bay should not be utilised in some way in connection with harbor defence, such as a naval torpedo corpB, for which they could be drilled without interfering with their ordinary work. They are just the class of men who would be suitable for such a body, and were they to receive a small yearly allowance would, no doubt, be very willing to devote their spare time , to acquiring the knowledge requisite for the proper use of those destructive weapons of modern war fare. In nnother column wo give a letter from Sir Hercules Robinson, which appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald of to-day. The ! letter, which has been telegraphed by onr I correspondent, is the- answer to an article in the journal referred to, charging Sir ' Hercnles with encouraging betting, gamb ling and other vices by lending his patronage to the turf. The Governor's manly defenoo will he read with interest, and will meet with general approval. We have received from Messrs Mason, Firth, and M'Cutchcon, the Mercantile Navy List of Victoria. The work is got up in a first-class manner, and contains a mass of in- formation, which should reader it moBt acceptable to all engaged in, or connected with shipping, The verdantcy of some husbmen te nrbanc residents is positively refreshing. They are so irrepressible. No eooner is one fleeced than another presents himself to the hawks of the city as a willing pigeon for pluckiBg. Such a one is a man named Kennedy, who, arriv ing in town with six £10 notify went upon the spree jtest night. Kennedy easily encountererr ..some " friends " in the persons of a -man named Charles Howard, and a . pretty- looking girl, narcod Annie Wilson. The hawks adopted the usual praotice in suob cases, and the consequence was that Kennedy was robbed of his cash, and was turned out of the den into which hohnd been enticed, The matter being reported to Constable Henry Armstrong, this officer arrested the male prisoner in tho space of nn hour, in the Exploration Hotel, Little Lonsdale street, und on searching the prisoner, four sovereigns, Bomo counterfeit silver coins, nnd a number, of blank cheques were found upon Mb person, The prisuners, who were defended by Messrs F, Stephen and A. Iteid, were brought before the City Bench this moruiDg, by whom they were remanded till Tuesday next. Mr Start, P.M., apparently lias but a . very poor opinion of the sobriety of members of tho eordwaiuovs' art. At tbe City Police Court, this morning, nn elderly man wns brought before tho bench on the charge of being drunk. The prisoner wns entered upon the charge sheet as a bootmaker. Tho police magistrate asked if the man had ever been before the court previous to tho present occasion, and was informed that be had not, Mr Start expressed his astonishment at the circumstance. This was the first time, ho remarked, that ho had hud tho pleasure of seeing n sober bootmaker. He would mark the occasion by discharging tho prisoner, A ; deputation from tho Collingwood, Fitzroy, and Richmond Salvago Corps waited npon the Fublio Wonka Committee of - the Collingwood City Council, last evening, and asked permission to use tho . fire plugs in the City for practice purposes. I The chairman intimated that the committee ' would recommend the Council to grant the request. To-night a similar application is to .bo made to the Richmond Council. \- An olderly man named Thomas Moore was charged before the City Police Court this morning with wilfnly breaking a-l c'jfetl y window belonging to Mr Kiely of tho Cornish Arms Hotel, Stephen street. The old fellow, who is a veteran drunkard and larcenist, went to the hotel yesterdny nnd called lor drink, but the landlord seeing tho condition he was in, at the time refused to supply him. This so enraged Moore that he picked np a water bottle from tho counter, with which ho deliberntety broke an elaborately, painted window, costing £7 10s. Moore, who ap pears at the time to have been mad from tho effects of drink, thon smashed the windows of an oyster saloon keeper residing Hcxt 'door to tho hotel. The bench inflicted a fine of 20s in the first case, together with damages amounting to £7 10s, or, in, de fault, three months' imprisonment. For tho second offence a fineof 5s, with 15a.dama'gc?, was imposed, or, iu default, a farther deten tion of one month. . An unhealthy-looking and brntnlised yonng fellow, named Thomas Floyd, was charged at tne uity ronco court una luumin , lu committing a brutal nnd totally unprovoked assault upon a young girl of the uufortgnate class. From the evidence of the injured girl, ns well as that adduced by other wit nesses, it wns shown that the prisoner,- meet ing the woman in the street, made overtures to her which she resented. The cowardly fal low followed the girl to her house in Crossly street, at the door of which ho felled her to the ground, with what was described by the witnesses as a crashing blow, -which was delivered with his clenched fist between tho eyes, . The severity of the blow may bo imagined from the fact that ihS girl's- H0S8 was smashed, her eyes were blackened, tho ecchymoais extending over ' the skull to the ' nape of the neck. The prisoner is one of those debased creatures who prey npon the earnings of fallen women. That his brutality is greater than that dis played by members of his class may be imagined that Floyd has lived in -the same house with his sister, who is a prostitute, from whom he is known to have received liar unholy gainB. The fellow was dealt with by the bench iu an exceedingly lenient way, pnd was only sont to gnol for three months. At tho Hotham Police Court this morning, a middle-aged man, named William Ryan alias Taylor, was charged with forgery and nttering. The amount of the forgery consisted of achequofor£2 10s, purporting to have been signed by John U uncle, of the Parksido Iron Works. From the evidence of Helena Ffarner; the wife of the landlord of the Roso of Denmark hotel, tho prisoner went to the hotel on Monday morning, 7 th inst., and had a p'nt of beer, and returned again at 1 o'clock nnd had dinner and some refresh ments, after which he tendered the cheque which was cashed, and in due course was presented at tho bant, when the forgery was detected. Mr Buncle denied all knowledge of the prisoner, and also stated tlint the signature to tbe documoot was a forgery. The Bench fully committed the prisoner to take his trial at the next General Sessions. On a charge of larceny, the same offender was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, with hard labor. A young girl, aged sixteen, named Eliza beth Mackay, who has been an inmate of the Yarra Bend Lnnatio Asylum since she was six years old, died on Monday last, and Mr Candler, tho district coroner, held. an enquiry as to the cause of death on- the following day, From the evidence it appears that the deceased was an epileptic idiot. Her bodily health was feeble, hut up to April last she was generally able to be about. Since then tho fits had been more frequent, and the deceased had to be confined to her bed, Sometimes the girl had ns many as twelve fits in one day. Dr Rudall, who had made- a post mortem examination, found the brain fearfully diseased, and n verdict of death from disease of the brain was returned, ments, eto,, in thefVolToeDIj,aree, "FoiP'flie week ending 11th September, 1876: — Resig nation : Constable Thomas Mtrllany; Dismissal: Constable William Douglas. We understand that the guards of the sheep train which ran into a goods train, nt Riddell's Creek Station, the other day, are to be suspended by the railway department as well as the engine driver and fireman, who have already been relieved from their duties, pending an investigation into the cause of the accident. The following tenders have been nccepted by the railway department : — Purchase of second-hand double cylinder engine, 7in diameter, 12in stroke of piston, John Sinclair, £170 ; ditto single cylinder engine, 7|ln diameter, 12in stroke of piston, Alexander Mac Qnislon, £70. At tho Fitzroy Police Court this morning, a man named Michael Ryan was charged with larceny of goods, valued nt £1 10s. From the testimony of the prosecutor, who is a farmer residing ntBulleen, named Quinlan, it appears that about hulf-past seven o'clock on the evening of the 12th inst. lie left iris herse and dray, oontaining - the goods, out side the Swan Hotel, Gertrude street, whilst he went inside to transact some business, when he heard cries of " stop thief 1" He ran out, and saw the prisoner running away. He followed, and overtook him, and found a shawl and some tnmblers in his possession, which he had extracted from tho dray. The prisoner pleaded guilty, nnd wn3 sentenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. At the Fitzroy police .court this morning, Charles Wittenberg was charged on remand with forgery nnd uttering. The offence wns fully proved, and he was sentenced to three monthB' imprissnment, with hard labor. Mr Wilson, the owner of the Hippodrome, received tho following telegram from Sydney to-dny : — " Mr Omar Kingsley, and six of Wilson's trick horses, lert Sydney in the Alexandra yesterday, together with a large number of the members of the company." This is the first oonlingcnt of Mr Wilson's xtensivo stud. Our citizens on passing through Flinders street east cannot help noticing the excava tions that are in progress on the site of the old water works. Everyone naturally asks what this army of working men nnd horses moans, nnd when told that it is the lovolliug of the ground for the Great Hippodrome, are struck with astonishment nt tho vastness of the area to be occupied for the purpose. The proprietor is ever on the ground, superin tending tho progress of the work, and settles with some thirty working men every even ing- - A Geelong correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes .to a sporting friend ns follows: — " I believe Newminster is now nlmost ns well as ever ho wns. He is being close.'- watched, Messrs, Ohirnsidc being de termined he shall not be " got at, " if they can help it ; and if he wins yon may look out for n burst up among tho ring. They laid heavily againBt him before he went wrong; they again " put the pot on" when they thought he wns hors do combat, and stand to lose thousands. Depend upon it, some of tho talent " will be. missing" if he is tho first to catch tire judge's eye. I do not menn tho more substantial among tho " metallic knights," but the outsiders, although it is said nearly every one of them ' will be sont almost as high as' a balloon,' I believe Sir Hercules Robinson's lierscBara to be trained near Geelong, ' Iri the meantime, although I nin sure you stand to win on Newminster, don't lose sight of Chrysolite colt and Tocal." A trick played by a mischievous youngster on the rai.way line on Sunday (says the Aovoca Moil) camo very near causing death or serious injury to n large number of young men. Some youths were amusing thcmsolves during the, afternoon by pushing a trolly np the inolino and riding down upon it, by I which they had a clear ride of over a mile and a half. The truck wa9 a slow- going, heavy concern, and all went well until about "five- o'clock, -whenv a much swifter-running trollyi' Whioh w'ns returning from Homebush with Bomo of the-' railway hands and their provisions, met the first-named trolly at the top of the incline. To this another crowd of youths had attached themselves, Ab the second trolly was known to ho much swifter than tho other the first was allowed a good start, and then about twenty young men, or ever, got on the small unprotected platform, soma sitting round tho edges and the rost standing packed as close by as possible. The second trolly went down tho hill at n terrifio pace, those on board having as much as they , could do to maintain tbeir position, ' ' 1 . and nearly pressing off those at tho bnck. When nenring the; end of tho inclino a - boy nnmed Knight, about fourteen years. of : ago, was seen by those standing up -to close the gate across the line. This caused a panic J on tho trolly, and to avoid the expected col- . lision Bevernl jumped off, disloJging as many more in doing : o. The boy then opened the gate, and on sped tho still over loaded trolly " ' _ in pursuit of the other. It was then found that those who had jumped or been thrown off, had taken with them the sprags used for Btopping tho truck, and those on board Baw , ' ' they had nothing to prevent them running illtu KUU UtULi bl f ttuvt UDJUUU muv UgUlLL was the end of tile lino, on which stood a track loaded witii rails. As tho second trolly carao swiftly on, tho youths on both thought it bettor to risk n brokoa leg among ( the unballasted sleepers, than await tho > .course of events. Accordingly another stampede occurred,: nil but one jumping off ' the first truck, and four remaining on the : second. The two trucks thus lightened, oamb together with but n Blight Bhock, \V. Harris, the survivor of the first party, then tried to brake. kiB trolly," with the view ..of preventing .both from running into tho loml of mi'?; hut ; the pole caught the wheel and ho turned ft somersault over the side, ns complote, if not ' as graceful, its any performed by a profes sional acrobat. At this time another on the. : , , back trolly thought it time to trust to his legs, nnd tho remaining three suffered the cellisioD, but fortunately without injury. The load of rails was driven about forty yards by the shook; tho front one (ompty) was dismantled and thrown off the line, the last truck escaping injury. After tbe adven ture was over it was found that Ecareely anyone had escaped without oats, bruises, or - torn olothvs. Only onowns so far hurt as to be unable to walk home, and he got a severe bruiBing through hanging on to tho trolly after be was thrown out, and being dragged r. on the Bleepers. Wo hear, nlso, that one of the railway hand3 has since been unable to rise from his bed in consequence of a sprain < received in the back. Tho whole affair was caused by the youngster who shut the gate, , , and it is needless to say he had his ears " ' " warmed afterwards. Tho Ballarat Courier gives the following particulars about wrock of the Dandenong : — I " A telegram was received in Ballarat towards evening, stating that Mr Thomas Wakefield, his wife, aud all his children, except one, have been drowned by this lamentable occur rence. Since Mr Wakefield's resignation of his office as secretary to the New North- Ji Clunes Company, ho had received an ex cellent appointment in Newcastle, New; South Wales, as secietary to a eoal mining , company, aod was on his way tojihis new ; home with all his worldly belongings Mr Wakefield was a yonng man, and of first- class ability, and was so high principled in all his doings that his character stood high with all who knew him, and very many " friends in Ballarat and Oluncs will deeply : regret the catastrophe which has befallen him. It seems Mr Wakefield and his family : . perished while endeavoring to get from one of the boats to the Albert William, his one ' little girl being' saved by the men on the barque. It was rumored about Ballarat last i night that Mr Holmes and his family were ' lost iu the unfortunate steamer, and also that Mr John Hardy, the well-known solici tor, of Lydiard street, was amongst ' the drowned. Neither report, however, can have - any foundation, as tbe name of Holmes docs not appear in the passenger list, while Mr vr-.Uy — „„„„ jn Melbourne a day or two , after the Dandonong had left on her ill-fated, voyage. Our Melbourne correspondent, - writing Ia9t night, says " The news of the ' wreck cast a gloom over- the city when1 it ' became known this (Wednesday) morning. . All day long tho telegraph offices, the Ex- ' change, and the office of the agents of the vessel have been besieged by crowds of " persons anxiously scanning tho telegrams and waiting for fresh news concerning tho dsaster. So groat was tho excitement that over 20,000 copies of The Hbuald were sold in about an hour," ' The Baliarat Courier has the following | feeling remarks about yesterday's wreck.:— " The scenes at the various telegraph offices i yesterday morning were, to tbe last degree, painful to witness. The mate agony of','1 mingled hope and dread is almost too intense - .- ! an emotion for human nature to ondure; and yet hundreds of our fellow-citizens hud to ' bear np under it for long hours yeBterday. Fathers and mothers, brothers and sisters, ' ' and dearer relatives still, were doomed to wait for the tidings which brought them cither a blessed relief or the fatal certainty of irreparable calamity. Theso nro the occa- ' " ' sions which try the souls of men and women — when the cxporienccE of a whole lifetime ' '' of passionate feeling seem to be condensed into a few moments, and when allot life that is worth living for hangs upon the ino-- i i mentary vibration af a slender wire. A . shipwreck like that of tbe Dandenong almost ' realises for a limited community like onr own tho last great plague of Egypt. Who can say to what far extreme of tho social organisation the shock of the calamity may not extend? Who can tell the number of households upon which tho dark shadow of death, lengthening from Jervis Bay, falls," , ' The Ballarat Star says that Mr Wakefield. ' who wrb lose iii tho Dandenong, with hiB wife and four children, was lately n resi dent of Clunes. _ The Bcndigo Independent ridicules the idea of tho decadence of tho mining interest " ' in Sandhurst, aud gives the following gold yield to provo il a argument: — 1869,225 258" ' oz ldwt 12gr ; 1870, 241, 380oz 14dwt lSer 1871, 283, 825oz ldwt 16_-r ; 1872, 346,992oz 7dwt 2 , 1874, 313,970oz 15dwt 14gr ; 1875, 295,012oz lOdwtBgr. J ..... _ Tho Ba'.larat Courier discusaes tho ques tion of weather charts as follows " An il lustration of their practical application is given daily in tho Times, in the shape of a small chart showing the force and direction of the winds all round the ooasta of the British islands. By means of -that chart, mariners at every port within the circuit are ablo to judge with tolerablo aoon- raey whether it is safe to tako departure in any given direction. . If tho lines ou the chart Bhow unfavorably, the skipper merely delays sailing for a time. Nor is there any room for doubt that by noting on this plain and simple principle, scores of British vsssels are saved from shipwreck every year. Now, it strikes us that the like precautions ought, to bo taken here. With electfio telegraph lines sproad all over tho continent, there is no reason in tho world why n chartered representation of the force and direction of tho wind at every marine station should not bo exhibited daily at the Melbourne Custom House. A seaman could sec at a glance from such a chart whether or not a storm was travelling in tho direction of his intended route, and, if it should be so, could delay his dqmrturo ac cordingly. Tho equinoctial gales aud tho storm winds, for example, that sweep down occasionally from the tropics into our south ern waters, are easily recognisable tho mo ment they are felt iu the far north ; and as tho electric telegraph (ravels with infinitely greater celerity than tho swiftest storm-wind, tho forewarning oi its approach could always oo giFon, We ai'o convinced, from -even a slight and 8ui)c:ficial knowledge of the subject, that if seamen attended more care ' ( - - -iJ -"T'duk 7n„: to tlieso roetoorologicnl indications ind nctod with more practical caution in Seronco to tbomr BBch-fntalitics' asthoso; iSjoh have occurred within the last day. or . would bo less frequent. on these coasts. t. A man named Owett Sullivnn, who was jejnnntlcd to the Melbourne Gaol for medical inquiry i died yesterday. Wo have been requested to mention that the & ' announcement respecting the forthcoming farewell performance of the Davenport Brothers and Professor Pay, in lliu advoi using -ohirans of tho morning pnpers, did not emanate from them or their business manager, Tho second nnnual meeting of tho MolJ bourne United C.O. was hcld'in the school- room off .Bcnrko street eaBt, 01 Tuesday -renin". the 12th, tho president, Mr J. Ellin jntbc chair. The secretary's report showed the club to bain a nourishing condition, and tho following wero elected office-bearers for the ensuing season : — President, Mr ,T. Ellis: Captain, J. Keed: Vice, C. J. Murphy: \ Treasurer, "W. Folloll: Secretary, J. Heed: Match and General Committee: — Messrs J. Archer. J. Keed, H. Jackson, J. Foley, and J. Moore, Mr Kichmond Thatcher has accepted the business management of Messrs Davenport Brothers and Professor Fay, and will loavo Jn advance of them to make arrangements for a series of performances in ! the country districts. The seances commence at Gee- leng on Wednesday. It will interest aomo of our up-conntry readers to know that Mr Thatcher is a brqther of the local vocalist whose songs wero for so many years the rage Jn tho mining townships. - It will be seen that the Davenport Brothers and Profcsbor Hay-give a Bpecinl com mand night porfoi mnnco on Saturday evening next, at the Town Hall, when his Excellency will attend. Now " manifestations " will be Introduced. The appenrnnco of ilonr on Ira Davenport's trousers at the last seance will be explained. Professor Harcourt Leo has been engaged to conduct tho orchestra, which will give selections of ghost music. ThiB will be the last appearance of tho Brothers in Melbourne for somo time. Tho Fakir of Oolu continncs to draw very good honses. To-night Fritz is to bo played at the Opera-house, with all the original musio;aiid dances, There was an overflowing house at the Theatre Royal last night, when the School for Scandal was produced for the second time, and was most thoroughly enjoyed. The witty dialogue of this comedy is alone sufficient to engage the attention, were it even delivered by the most indifferent actors, but when spoken by good artistes, the comedy is indeed a treat, To- night there is to be an entire change in the entertainments at the Theatre Royal. For the first time during the Scott - Siddons season a tragedy is to be given. Macbeth will be presented to-night.with Mrs Scott Siddons in the principal part, Mr Dampier as Macbeth. Mr Harwood as Macduff, Mr Stuart O'Brien as Duncan, Hecate, Miss Docy Stewart. Great interest is felt in this performance, as much curiosity is evinced, to see how Mrs Scott-Siddons plays in tragedy. Ths Iincoln C.O. holds' a go-oral mootinga'thi evening, 14th instant, ateight o'chcx, 1 at e'th Old Lincoln Ian, Carl ion. , 