The National Beform. leagues '-which the necessities of this cdnunnnityiiave called into existence, are a terrible sore to some persons. The spirit which these Leagues evince foreshadows a- trenchant - <b1ow, sooner or rarer, w an oia loots ; ana tne anaqne rogies of the period don't tike this outlook a bit. To assail these Leagues on their programme would be useless. Ther are in fact utterly. imptSriobs to 'attack" on ;this score/ So, ont of sheer desperation, their assailants' poke their prying noses into the private affairs _ $>f . these, orgpnisatpras, , and I -Timftraiefl'spectacle the Soresaid old fogies present as a very natural consequence. The! lateBt . jTiBtance jOf .tiiis v.jottroalistic and miserable interference occurred yesterday! morning. The National Reform Leae of: Ballarat was then charged with repudiating a just liability, and about a column and a third of a very windy urataon was deemed! necessary to establish this accusation. Now,; there is no doubt that the National Reform League is without a balance in .the hands of its bankers. ' It' is equally certain that it owes something like £25. But it is just as certain that the committee have been con sidering ways and means of late for the ex press purpose of discharging their -liabili ties, and there isevery probability of everyone of the League's debts being paid within the next fortnight. Nor have we the slightest intention to deny that Mr Walker's claim, arising out of the soiree to the members of the late Berry Administration, still remains unpaid. It is in fact included in the above £25. But the committee demur to £2 out of the balance of £10 5s 3d owing to Mr walker, and only for this, and some mis understanding with one of the officers of the League, the whole of Mr Walker's debt, minus the £2, would have been discharged more than six weeks ago. But Mr Walker has not the slightest canse to be alarmed for his account It w01 be paid he may rely upon it, short perhaps of the £2, but nevertheless it will be discharged, fOT the laberal party of BaDarat has never yet Z repudiated any jnst obligation, 'and never wilL . Ritas akpays-paid its way to the uttermost farthing, and it does not in? tend to depart from this 'golden rule now, nor at any time hereafter. We only wish we could say as much for the great Con stitutional party,' from a very dim light of which tins attack npon the Ballarat. League has sprung. We have a lively recollection of certain creditors of the Constitutional party, some seven' or eight years back, having to accept ten shillings in the pound for - their accounts, and we have also - not forgotten many other freaks of finance .which have been committed by that saine highly conservati ve party. But at the same time, we remember that the private financial doings of our political bodies have nothing whatever to do with the press and the public, where they-do not trench npon public rights/ as' in' such cases as Mr Walker's lull; and therefore we shall not imitate the ineffably bad taste which -Was displted by a miserable print yesterday morning, by saying anything further upon this branch of the subject. - For if private individuals or semi -public Iiodies. are to be attacked in print every time they happen to fall in arrears/ there is no'telling ghOj.wilL be safe from such espionage, ,or where the functions of the journalist will 'cease. But, wfle r;osdemning the fast dyiug-out lights of that party, which has all through the' piece shown itself inimical to political progress, for meddling with matters which do not concern them, we can make great aflowance for their position, and' understand how it is that their annoy ance causes them tojoeeheir heads, and com mit breaches of good' taste, on occasions. They know their days .are numbered,- and they don't tike it, (as who, indeed, does? that the people of this cdlony are determined that land "monopoly, and all other faydrs- faeadea "knonstets, «haii -"be-iextiuguished, and they, .feel, ns - »- .consequcoioe, .that their mission on' "behalf of " vested in- teinste " /miiet end w /tirw jfestraimi, 'as that the fsjm jsHDtfee tifc morrow mnming that theworirof deansing ti»pditiCalAngean stable fa%'hegnk alia tiun we poesees, and- te -the general «n- great middleahd woriing4dMtes;<»(aety, the monopotimmr influences which have so longeatan-ated® J Woridlaad Spread misery broaiSicahrodghjfe .puman ' ' race bfall ages, arerioomedtegnearlyand"final ex- tipctiou. < > The' Woreinnpers' df "inbnbpol we say, see aB J & ty .acmlifce it a biV iecasse tt ehawe the 'roUeuiiess of tire canse they have so laptq>hefd,- ssd -tJWSi&e; If'nUbWtiJemThTrfr inthe gnsat-iaiMge wIiirii iB rroachiug, thrir : cqrataerrigl , deatrpdlipn '- js Inevitable. .. 4ly%VJW90U fewi- sdroe. not shWtjMBniMgtg ; 1 dSapUyrtlutlierxiii trinA dDfe : ;p»sflim m-d»-ren/Ati;Lfe; honoc/Tsud dm- withiicreffit -fe their kffid, 'even though their do wnfaU sSfeifld be hti-' : >teudpd,tjt Rwjiareiiultete thrar ! bM bc i j # selves. The National fieform Leagues which now exist throughout this country are the fohndatkm of this crusade against monfcoly. Consequently they deserve the' sympathy of the great bulk ,of the people, arffi- mdre.prtiMlariyti»aupportsM'g<M<a- wili f the press. j!t was spt Mr ALKER's account that caused bo fmnch gopd' itog primwte>|$ffous<sJ yestet|Ay;-Pe>-> nafist mighttiU"his coldmns witwnothlrig else than matter of that description. It I was a mean attempt to fewer the Liberal "I)SllyrSiSm"tfepniLC:e»tunation/ ruid stirejy no more i pontenaptibfe /evipe codd be resorted to by a public journal, or awwre -vfaidmtive'irit-be'aisjiiaf ST.' ANOTHER-onfortunate - has- been arrested for the Burrumbeet outrage and discharged/ The man Bayib, who was bo cleverly, captured, first of all by Senior-constable O'Neill outside of fiuninyong, aud snbse- -quently by Detective Mahqkey in Mel bourne, has passed through the fiery ordeal of identification, and come out in a most triumphant manner from the encounter. He was brought- np/ in the/Learnfenth Police Court yesterday, after the police had en joyed a week's incubation over the case, and the result of all the Ceremonies which rtybre then gone through' was iM /discharge from cu8tody,and a semi/expressed regret that he had ever been arrested. Now this is a very objectionable state of things, hav ing regard to the liberty of the subject; but at the same time we must in common jas- tice say that the police are not to blame for d avis' incarceration. - It is not pleasant for working-men who are travelling through the bush to be liable to over a week's im- ipriSmment wnAithfe&ecrfittidii;' oF;s6Sety, because a ,gr$at criminal isf wanted, and because" they iiappeh' "tcr'resemiaie the cul prit. It has a tendency to make them doubt the wisdom , of remaining in a colony where so much police -civilisation pre vails. But at the same time there was no avoiding mudqf '.thetieafeaent Davis has undergone., .He was first, of. all identified in the Melbourne Garni by Mrs Bees' son-in- law, and when taken out to Bmrumbeeton' the following day, ,or last Sunday .week, be was identified in the most complete manner possible by Mrs Bees herself/ Consequently there-was no help for it but; to detain DAVtS/bd'JhSke him the centre; figure in a police oomt prosecutibh. "But; the questions naturally arise, firet!y, 7 whether! Davis was not kept longer in ' duraiice: vile than was at all"necesM.ry to prove that1' he was not thefeagxiripited ; and, secondly,! whether it was requiaite tiia Mtre jiEES should sye bpen f orred into givfeg hbr evi-: dence in "the IarmonthPolice (jart yester-- day,teIIingaU the nasly.detaiis of theoutrage .wlptfe.hasndn»dL,-pt»lhe identity fasbefi? -To these questions we we .disposed: to retnrn negative replies, while conceding' that the detentionlof < Davis, after 'he had: been identified by Mrs RBES;--was nn&rixd-;' able. Sorely somethfeg mht have been! done in a day or two At the outside to have settied-aman,s_idehjSfit(Ai > withoutjfceep- f ing him nine days for the purpose, two of! those' days living onlrread and waier, and; the rest on gaol fare. And it-seems to us: equally reasonable to contend that the question of identification might have been disposed of yesterday without subjecting Mfb Bees to the cruel ordeal of giving a. description of the brutal treatment she has received for- what turned out to be' a certain useless purpose. r No doubt ! the rule of -our courts Is that a-'-caee shall proceed after a certain fashion,; mid that this fashion involves such a piece ! of wanton miseiy as Mrs Bees has had to1 endure. But this is a role which in 'such cases would be moteJhonored in the breach than the observance," and which might be varied by presiding magistrates without weakening the forms of the law, or in any way preventing the dim administration of justice. For example, the evidence as to the identity I might ;he.4aken first, and if phe Identifies? tion provbd complete, then the whole of the details could be taken down; but if the evidence as to identity failed, then no far ther enquiry would be necessary, in which case the victim would be saved from a great infliction, which Mrs Bees had to bear up against yesterday. And it is only fair that this consideration should be meted out in cases like the Burrumbeet outrage; for surely women under such circumstances have suffered enough already, without' the agony bring piled on by their bring forced to give" a description of an occurrence,' which may come to no definite -result,' and since the testimony, in that case, will have to be_repeatedj the -real offender has been secured. We submit that magistrates might well adopt tins cooree in .ail - sucjh outrages; for there Is nothing fo the foifes of -the law to prevent it, .while civilisation speaks trumpet- tongned in -favor of ! thiri consideration bring shown to the victim pf such a bnitel occurrence as that which Mrs Bees has undergone. With refer ence to the general .question, we-_can only say that it has been a surprise to us from the veiy first thai DAVETshorid have been arrested for this offence. We saw him in the Ballaqat West police yard the day after he was- brought dp from Melbourne, and a more, harmless, inoffensive being, or one less likely to injure a woman, mortal man toever--Baw.- - How Tie -came to be arrested at Ml is a puzzle, and certainly the Ballarat police from the first had no doubt whatever as to his bemg the wrong man. . But of course there waB no avoiding his detention once Mrs bees had identified him- apd 'tp the 4aJ of Jus death he nfill no, doubt curse' ttfe unfortnudte' nnsbap wffich created -in -him a likeness to -"Irish -Jim," the real offender/, ' Bat we submit that be- fore any more arrests are. made for this terrible outrage the police should be qrife sure, that they havejgot the right mad. They possess no w almoBt infallible means of identification, as a paragraph inoortown t,..cofem»s jBhojv» anda»y«»pre failures such as, -Tike .MA-CRth's ghosts, have passed in" detail -before the will thereforeTefflly be nufWudd&able.; It is justtoa.- But itaeems tousto beetill worse dti£auumib.iri iifeo«5dttt, jfewis ; ahojjd speoaMfofflrfj Wifebwi offence -which they had -ne ver the -remotest .pfAmmmrtting. , . _ ' Learmonth oUee Goprt yestsuby. rBy our report of the proceedings, yiuih appeata'in another ofdwudi # iriU te jeen thM -Mrs Hcea, »»hO »i aidKtoiaveJdemified uavn aa-UetiaBtailBht viottaly.r. Yesterday, wavered -ao eruriiAaiat hri- identiScation ns totally unreliable, and none of .Atntdtt- iaiOMi Wla-ialienMitt- mi opinion 4a the end that there sna itothtogao coa- aoctDaria -sriei ahe oime; mi the Accdtod. K0 di»haived. :Tiii(iinfoltuiiate feUosr is thfe Aah whoVwaS Arreatod Wt -Btminjwig 'And ffiharted" Srior to his arrest in Melbourne. .He aprrifs.to a BOft-iHttrf ehaia/,-vOThard og, »ath fiipre ability to k search" tlotfiee were worn and ragged, but almost scrupu lously dean(jfAft« lnSiadpiittgkrMr Dowiiag iftjfe, bfiASI, sufficient jr..sn«Jiti3 | silver was collected to enable him to procure neces saries, and make his way to Castlemaine, where he says he intends to seek for employment. Some immmnttojdence was given brfore theccyfit as the idfij'iatjeof the dastardly- aasailsnt bl ltrs Bps, byitwo of his, mates, and It is bo be hoped mt the p&an; -wiffiiyet bSll intb toe hands of jus- Kb. Geriit commisseration waselt Jortoe victim illhe outrage, a Tcp6CtablmMroMy Woman, Bum fortyU) fortySBve yiasrs «W:e, wbogave her the locality as an honest modestNmman. Shejhas several childrai— one at the breast/Turd ethuh old jSUPUgh to beiarried.,XliatAheas-.bmtally-«fc-. aaulted and ravished is quite certain ; and from her,, own eridence and the finding of a large- Uadeff' clasp-knife in toe corner of the paddock jri"ise „toe„fe«fiU .tenk .plsve„ there cut be no doubt that she only escaped With her life by CjaAfniracle, as toe -scoundrel -wonld-have murdered- hut- afltu- he ac complished his vile ends, had he not dropped the knife, which he unsuccessfully searched for, while holding her by the hair of the head with one hand, and groping about the gronnd for the knife with the other. From what we could gather outside toe court, it seems that one of the witnesses actually heard the woman cry ont, while she was in the hands of her assailant. "Oh God preserve me; what do you want;'" but this in dividual thought it was no business of his to go back and interfere. Another witness said that the fellow answering the description of toe real Donegal Jim, came to his house about five hours after the' Outrage, or two- "o'clock in the morning of the 5th of April, and asked for some thing to eat. He seemed to be ravenously hungry, and :" AteMke'a manpn." (Ife looked /as though be was' suffering from drink and excitement, and had. lain. dpwp. to sleep it off,,; $7hen cross- questioned as to where he .was going, and wjilre hehad been, he grew irritated'and pulled his bat over his eyes, and- when toe witness told biin' that he must have been, drunk, that night, he "replied, 'i was not.'Bnirik ; I wish I bad been." This man corresponded with the description of toe " Irish Jim," or -"Donegal Jim,":,wbo- wad woxking At the machine,- and -who left Orford 'to foilowjirs Seeun to the paddock, clearing off -the next morning with his swag, and has not been neat since. He is from twenty-five to thirty years of age, very light-compTexioned;' lithe wiry build, end -has -strong .north of' Ireland Accent, end a- habit of lowering his eyebrows aud looking, downwards; It is thought, that, when :be, was, pursued by Alt' Fraser and others, after leaying toe machine, he bid himself during top daytime, abd/trovelled by :tiight towards Hew Sootb Wales, or some distant part of the colony. The Pofioe Gazette says ; — . "jthas bem satisfactorily proved that James Halli-' day, who at first was suspected, is not the offender." It is only right to say that toe exaininatioh yester day was conducted By the magistrates and the police with an evident desire to save the feelings of Mrs Bea,- the court bring denied, and Detective Eason putting the necessary questions to the. witness with as much delicacy aB possible. The Ballarat .general .Sessions lor the month -of May will commence this morning, at ten o'clock,; in the Court-house, Lydiard street, before his; Honor Judge Rogers. The calendar is a very light: one, and will be found pubished ' in another: column.'-' ' VPe.understand that .Mr.Henry, Bellas, deter-1 mthad nbt ' ttileix e'f or - Quslutd, as mi Stated! yesterday, and that he will continue to act as' president of the,. National Reform -League of Jhis town. Ine proposed -testimonial will nutj tije- fore, be carried out. The half-yearly meeting of rite league will-be hrid next Friday evening. ; ' Mr Kopke met ibout fifty of the1 Ratepayers of -the north riding- of Grenrilleshire,' at Campbell's hotel, Haddon, on Saturday evening.: During'an- addresa extending over half an hour,, he alludeilto! tffi most ptominent subjects relating to shire: 'affairi, aha/ in reply' to a question asking if he' eras in favor of reducing toe publican's license. ; said he thought the fee shouM be uMfonb/ and rsrould try to get toe coanett'to co-operate with. Others to havejt tnade ao. Mr Blanchveferred to' .the want of water at Haddoii,. which wan he be-' lieved, had been a canse of much eiiAness. . Mr Kbpke said he thought good water could be, brought! from -toe Ballarat catfie-ykrds. Conncllior Bit-; chanan said the council had asked the Government! for assistance in the matter, hut could only obtain a loan, which they bad not felt justified in accept ing at present. After several other local matters had been discussed, it was moved by Mr Hayden, seconded by HrGrover, and supported by Mr T. Fisher, and carried without dissent — That Mr Kbpke will make a good representative in toe shire council. Three deaths from scarlet fever were registered" yesterday. Two were boys living, one in Bridge street, and toe other on Soldier's Hilt. The third death registered was -that of a girl right years of age, living in Armstrong street. - The preservation of the fish in Lake 'Wendotttee is recognised by all to be a matter of great moment, and the City Council, being so impressed, yester day derided to remove the swans. Our readers scarcely require to be told that the swans have ! long been suspected of feeding on toe ova. While onitois subject We may mention that Meisrs. C. Bailey and C. C. Shoppee waited on toe" council and suggested that to keep toe new fish, two aperies of bream -and two bf perch/from" molesta tion, toe lake should be closed for a season. The matter was referred to the lake and gardens com mittee to report a month hence. The Bight Bev. Dr Thornton will deliver a lecture this evening, commencing at eight o'clock, in toe hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on " Con vulsions in Nature." The charges for admission are very moderate, and this fact, together with toe able and instructive lecture that may be expected, should drew a very large audience. A fire broke out shortly after two o'clock yester day morning in a small two-roomed cottage, situ ated in Queen street, near toe railway bridge, the property of a miner named James Cato. Tire City fire-bell was the first to give the alsrni? and im mediately after toe bell of toe Ballarat, Brigade commenced to toll. Both brigades hastened with all speed to the-scene of toe fine, imt on arriving found that the house was burned to the ground, only a few of the uprights continuing to blaze. The Ballarat Brigade extinguished the remains of the fire, the City men rightly deeming it unneces sary to render aid. Cato, who has previously met with a misfortune -of this-, loud had-juBt returned home .from toe Black . Hill United-Company's claim, and went jo bed, leaying a fire burning. Although the exact origin of rthe fire is unknown it is presuxned that some of theembers fell ont of the fire-place and communicated With toe wooden floor. ,,The place was . uninsured, and Cato anil fed bis loss severely, toe greater part: of, hit pro perty. being destroyed. . lOpr anglri-s -have good reason to 'rejotce in fed success which has attended Messrs Shoppee and Bailey's plan <4 stocking Lake. Wpndpuree with choice fish from the Murray. On Saturday afternoon boih geotlemen arrived in Ballariit, bringing with them nine dozen fish, -consisting of golden carp. Murrey perch, tilverand black bream, averaging in weight !J lb., to. lb, a lew reaching 1- lb. At toe Western station they were met by tie numbet of gentlemen ' connected with toe Anglers' dub, and toe fish were safely placed in toe lake under their supervision. Messrs Bailey and Shoppee have learnt, from enquiries made amongst fee Mnrray fishemien, that these fish would commence to spawn about the com mencement of December, and as. toe fifeiog eeasop abtlte lake opens' in the- previous month,' toey have petitioned the City Council to stop the fishing for the space of a year, in order to prevent toe fish being taken before they have deposited their eggs. The council have referred -the matter to a com mittee, some being of opinion that the fake might be opened tor fitifing doring toe Christmas hbli- days, if it was found that toe 'fish had spawned. Messrs Bailey and Shoppee deaerTC toe. to ankspf the community for the trouble ,toey bavetabenjn ftis.jnat.ter. They, brought jhe.flsh down from Echuca tin -tour largsiroo tonka,, -holding 400 gallons 'each! They/ arrived at Echuca at one - o'clock on - Friday; and started ; ngato : homeward at four o'clock. , lbs same afteroooi. an right, to see feat toey were not tamperen wiih, and tophangetoe jrater,ehd they thanktifeta- ; tioo-masters on toe route for the courtesy extended to thpta while changing fee water. . Only.ten fife died out of tiie whole nmhber. and those that wjaje ppt. into Lake , Weodpuree looked -qoite vreU , arid lively. .Gn 'one of toe. dead fish bring opened,- , the roe wasitound -to be foll of eggs." The dbufrsfct qtrioe sras £Z5 -per 100 -fish; -They wfee : caught in Lake -MWra, about six fmitea!Bp':toe" Murrey, and floatcdTdMrilllLldige wooden petfo- reted tanks byTlfe-fchemien. rIf properly pro?, tectod toe progeny V (toesefieb wjll so time affari! splendidtport in Lake .Wendouree, : where it is -be lieved toey will flouriah andgrow to their full size r — nine orted-poahds. i v - --n - The chacge-aheet at the Town Fotice Courtwes- terday morning lwas . a gretW ffegfty one, and i some of ihe sentences .inflicted were rather heavy. A Chinese vagrant 'Uatned Ah Cbeong, who has grined .a iivrtibood.'for. the last four or'five years ; by sobbing hen-roosts and breaking info cSlars, ; was aentito- gaol tor twelve months, bring nntote totoowaoy tawful kisibfe hreans of aapptot. J&S; Bferndtfe'who pleaded grrity to'the charge-of wfl-; damages,' in default three weeks' imprisonment;— Margaret (In jra#; peutenced to fourteen days ' imprisantnent for entering .toe house of Richard : Mprga,-en -Saturday right( at>d- steaUng -toere- L from an aritimaCasaart—A doubtful driracfek jraoaYAi :v ' at £3 6a, the property of William Corimrid. The accused stated that she was drank at the time, and sering toe shirting at the door, thought it .wftsjto harm to take it— James MGowao, chaigrito having stolen a pair of boots the property, of William Porter, on the 26to instant, was sfet to gaol for three montoe.4Satet . Irvto, who wss charged with a similar offmtcejfets alfejed argive evidence, and was disdtaige»JobaBrownjras remanded for a week, a simiUr jCharge bemg®-e- ferred against him. . fe "-4i The importance that is attached gflnr focal drapery firms to the productions of torigjallaret Woollen Company is evidenced in a remarkable «TOMwrpre'attor-£a(B«Ushmeardf "MSsre L. S. Christie andCm, o £turt wtd. Armstrong streets. Tfiat ienteqnlsing ifirm ltaii aevoteftrin . entire window, to the display of toe company's are flannels -of different triors , end qualities, printed shawls of various patterns, textures, .and colors/ tweeds of first-class texture and design, and witney cloaking which appears of a Bnperior kind. The manner in which the various articles have been arranged is very tasty, and we recom mend our readers to go and have a look for them selves. Councillor Gray endeavored, at toe meeting of the City Council, yesterday, to get a bye-law passed to prevent pigs being kept within the Cityt boundaries. On the suggestion of W . C. Smith/ however, it was agreed that toe. works committee should define the boundaries within w hich they should not be kept. The valuation of the City has been completed, and is as follows : — South Ward, £30,226 ; Central Ward, £46,859; North Ward, £25,910— total, £102,995. This is £6325 less than last year. In connection' wifethe meeting of the_ Water Commission, on Friday erening, Commissioner George Smith has asked ns to explain that the word he used regarding Commissioner W. C; Smith's statement was " biassed," and not " Tile." He also wishes it stated that he fonnded his re marks in regard to the difference in price of the fluming according to Mr Shaw's plan on the opinions of four practical men. The closing match of the season was to havq been plaved yesterday on the Learmonth bowling jgiegtfc frul owingrtP toe rafofriktoKetmrywaB postponed. The green is in first-class condition, for the season of toe year, and is a favorite resort of the Learmonth players, being most pictu resquely situated near the township margin of the lake. . . Mr Frank Wheeler informs ns that the -net pro ceeds of the entertainment lately given by Air. Gfebfge Eason, -of Bnhinyong, in rid of" our Die-; trict Hospital amount to £25, and that Mrs Eason' is nominated a life-subscriber of the institution. A public meeting will be held at toe Waggoners Arms hotel, Fellmongers' road, on Tuesday, the 6th of June, at fire o'clock, to nominate two tras- teis fortoe Bungarec Cemetery. - ' i The programme of the races to take place at1 Bungaree, to which reference was made in yester day's Corner, will be found published this morning in our advertising columns. i The Egerton Company offer a reward of £100,1 in our advertising -columns, for sdeh information as will lead to the conviction of the person or: persons who attempted to burn down their engine-: house last Sunday.. ..... Mr Parkinson, toe nightman, is not to be allowed to rest, even" at. his new" depot/ .in Mr. Charles Brown> paddock, behind Mair street. Yesterday a petition, objecting to the'site; chiefly on the -ground that it -would -interfere jwith toe1 health"' of "foe children "attending the State-school; close by, was presented by Messrs Cooper and Holding. The matter, was referred to the works committee to report to the local board of health. ; Mr John L. Beeves, who, a short time ago, announced his intention of forming a short-band class, has obtained . foe use. of a room in toe -Meritamck' Institute for' that purpose, and Mil bbmmenee to give lessons on Tuesday night,, toe 6th of June. About thirty pupils have already promised to join. Mr Beeves will open the season by a lectoto:eiititIfed,,?t2Kion6pIphy, Phonotypy, and toe Spelling Reform Movemerft," which he will .deliver in. the led ore-room. The short-hand classes will be held - in connection with the Meriianics' Institute, and no doubt the members will largely avail themselves of the opportunity of acquiring this useful art. Our Smytoesdale correspondent writes : — " Twe lads, sons of Mr J. Mathews, accompanied by one of Mr Vipont's boys, were stfeUing out in the bash lately, and caught a large water-rat in Mr Vipont's "Aim; It is somewhat of a ptizzle how the animal got there, as there is not another piece of water for some distance." Gossiping on affairs political, the Melbourne correspondent of the Camperdoan Chronicle says : —"The Cabinet are earnestly bent on a revision of the electoral system. if they can manage it. As toe-result of many conferences, toey have come to three conclusions, namely: — That toe existing electoral districts are, out of all sight, unfair en< libsymmetrical ; and, secondly, that ' one-horse' constituencies are not in any way desirable. If yon take thirty-nine electorates, with two mem bers each, as the best topographical ditision that could bp made of the colony, you will come won derfully near toe newideas npon which toe Cabi net is at this moment working. Another measure in.wospectu i a an amendment of the Education Art, wo as to get hold of the 'gutter children.'-" - The paragraph which appears in yesterday's Aye wjth reference to the destruction by fire of a .lepers hut last Thursday evening, and/which our contemporary credits to ns, was not published in this journal. We trust our contemporary will jtakB; jiote -of /this statement, because no blame whatever is attachable to toe Ballarat East police bver'tbatfire. j; " / The following sudden deuhs are reported in the Melbourne papers: — On Sunday morning a woman named Catherine Guinane, seventy-four years of age, drowmed herself in a wash-tub at Carlton. Otriy 12 inches of water was in the tub, and the unfortunate woman had knelt down and kept her head under water until life was extinct. — A boy, eleven years of age, bod of Mr Hnlse, an engine- driver, was knocked d6wn by a water-train near Echnca, on Sunday, and killed on toe spot. — A wood carter, named Michael Miles, was found dead under his, waggon .at toe Anakies, on ..Sunday. The cause of death is supposed to bare been disease of the heart. "The foundation- stone of the St. Alipius' Roman Catholic Church, Oaklrigh, was formally laid (says the: Telegraph ) by his Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, at that place, on Sunday morning. He ires assisted in toe ceremony by his chaplain, and the Revs. Fathers Kelly, F. McCarthy, and .toe curate of toe district. There were about 600 people present, and a collection at the conclusion lif'the service was liberally responded to, the sum of £50 beiDg received. The Argus has received toe following telegram from Hay, dated Saturday : — An important inves tigation into toe working of the Hay Crown lands office, .in consequence of charges brought against an officer,' is (fooceeding. The murderer/Suiliran is said to have found refuge here. The river is rising ; it is now 3 feet above summer level. . The New Zealand firemen (says toe Geelong Ad vertiser) when passing from Ballarat eh route to Melbourne, stopped in Geelong, and were shown round the town. All objects of interest, such as the battery, butts, factories, £c., were inspected apd commented upon by them. . The New. Zea- bmdera -thanked fee Geefong. firemen, who tookso much interest in their welfare for the hospitality shown them. The visitors expressed their opinion with respect to the firemen's demonstration, which was- to the effect that although a grand spectacular fete, it did not appear to show the true merits of a fireman's business. They -were of opinion that the competition respecting hose reel, &C.;, was merely a feat of pedestrianism. .STSe of : Mr .Mackenzie, the 'post master. M Richmond, which took place on Saturday after noon, from scarlet fever, has cast (says the Age) a gloom over toe town. His frank and generous disposition,' together with an nfhanity exercised in the' discharge of his duties,, made hitq.a general favorite." "Mr Mackenzie lost three chSdrfe during feejpreoeding week from the same disease. .Much sympathy is felt for his widow and" toe two, re- : maining,cbHdren. . The statement in toe Morning Post referred -to by our London correspondent (writes the Argus ) feat Dr Perry bad formally resigned bis position as bishop of the diocese of Melbourne, lacks con firmation, as no intimation of toe .kind has been received from Dr Perry by toe Dean of Melbourne, who is in constant communication with him. The further- statement that Dr- Thornton, .Bishop «f Bmliirai, wouMhe translated to the eee ot-AlS! bourne is certainly without foundation, as no in tention of thejrindexists. Ihe. desirability of the transfer was mooted unofficially soon after the ar rival of Bishop Thornton in the colony, but the unfairness of any such arrangement to toe new diocese was at once recognised. The appointment of the new tushepbaa been vested by the Church Assembly in a board of electors, including the Dean, toe Bev. Canons Becher, Goodman, Chase. Haaass 'tod Vance, Si TV. F.: Stowell, Mr Jnitloe'BIolesworth, and Messrs T. T. A"Bedtielt," G. W. Rusden, and H. Henry. These gentlemen are in communication with Bishop Petrv in Eng- Mmtiibfl3he:h» -Bflorttrifeem toe henefitof Us' advice and experience, and has furnished than with all. the information he could obtain to enable them to'niske a suitable appointment. No choice has. made, nor. is it likely that.Bishop Perry "will resign until the arrangements' for foe' appointment of his successor are concluded, though since his departure from the' cofopy he has declined to receive any of toe emoluments attaching to the office. In the meantime toe powers of the bishop areftoBtedfoiari Dean of Melbourne. Br Perry JSkora-i ?:£8MojB'r i is making active efforts in Enzland bations for the clergy stipend ocdovmSW- Gospel Propagation Society havine! dotation 3000 on condition LS ' rawed. The Society for the Promotion ,; r%. ® Knowledge has also granted £1000 on tion that £4000 is rai£d. Three fooZ e0Bfi" ha, been obtained in the colo, that the balance will soon be subscribe . grant secured. The General SvnofU&Sj;, will meet parly in October. TheChurcbT®1 will probably not be called together nntuI installation of toe new bishop. Uafter«ie ! #ince -a. OTS8«®tion was mail. « toe Ay c f or toe organismg of a system /r municatian by electric telegraph te./L®?- ! anbutoan fee- statfo and ft? : office at Melbourne. The Emerald WAdopfoa the auggestioB, .Td od last toe laying tmlf the wiei and -alarum -bells, &c.-;, were completed. Awil communieatrng with the town clerk's local pofioe. cotirt,. and the fire brigade Melbourne, bj which -instant " m the event, of fires occurring wmg stoat has long been felt as a nSsii sounding of the Emerald Hilt fire-bell. V t The neighborhood of Upper Hawthorn has greatly agitated during the last few days Age ) by vanons mysterious rumors resreS absence from her home of a resident oftte iS The person m question is a widow, ani hasfe/T' business asa storekeeper for a long time, shop tots been dosed up for the last few — £.e toe only iirformation given to the public notice m the window to the effect that theaw! lishment is closed during the temporary abt/rZ/ the proprietress; and her son, who reside her. isalroahsent from home. This, howe not satisfied some of the' -neighbors. IlT' startling reports have been ret afloat, and the X have even been asked to break open the nreml -but this they naturally declined to do absence of anything more definite to justify sncSi ' ?tep L'fapt' e-V-du flot Mce that is anything more serious in the affair tfon . ..yisitof the owner of the store to some iriendT.; -distance. i a It seems, from what the £<rsf Charlton TrOhn, states, that Messrs Grant and Davies are abooVto hold a senes of pohtical meetings in the A district. -" Tte,- Opens, .and Murrag Advertiser states thai Parliament will re-assemble on the 9th or lOthn, July next. w ' The ' Wan nambool Examiner states that Sir James M'CulIoch will visit Warrnambool befow toe recess is over, and that he will be entertained there at a public banquet. The Creswick dc&tiser; learns that the trooDem who attended toe review in Melbourne comnto bitterly of the way their horses were treated bvthe Railway Department. It appears that their horses were placed in tbe trucks at North Melbourne at nine o'dock in the morning, and from stoppages at Geelqng and Ballarat, did not arrive at Creswick till midnight, so that they were from nine am to twelve pro.— fifteen hoars— without anvthing to &&: jprafo not the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals say something to the depart ment upon such an extraordinsrv state of thmui m this ? " — "s» . Scarlet fever has broken out afresh in the Stawell district, and one death lias already oc- curred -there frout toe disease. Mr Edward Jenkins, M.P., who first distin guished himself, by the. publication of "Gini's Baby," has written (says the Telegraph) another .powerful story with 'a moral, entitled, "He Devil's Chain." -The" object is to expose the dangers of drink, in "rude, stern, and truthful outlines." The Devil's C'lain" has made a deep impression in England/and Mr G. Robertson, to meet the local demand, has published a handsome Australian edition. A potato merchant has informed the Creseiei ; Advertiser that there is a great scarcity of nuhtay trucks to convey the orders up country. As m«ny as £0 tons were sent away on Saturday, in addition ; to which there are about 100 tons now lying at the station, waiting for means of transit A novel race took place at "Waratab. between B.. Mitchell, of Newcastle, and Mr Simon Bland's chesnut horse, for £5 a side, distance CO yards, at five o'dock pro. on tbe 20th instant (says the Pilot) on the Waratah racecourse, in the presence of about 200 spectators. The coarse was very heavy for Mitchell, who got his eyes filled with mud during the race, greatly impeding his progress, whilst the horse, a powerful one, and in rare buckle, was folly alive to the business of the evening, having been well trained by its owner, and judging by appearances before the tare it -would not disgrace its trainer " even " on the turf of Randwick. Mitchell looked in rare form also, and did a couple of spurts in first-class style. Tbe- betting was in favor of tbe horse, Mitchell's backers offering to- take 10 to 5 against him. The ! .odds were considered too high, and very little money changed hands. At five o'clock precisely Mitchell and his eqnine opponent drew up and toed the scratch. After one false start was made, the gun . waa fired, when away dasbed Simon's charger at fall speed, closely followed by bis smaller antagonist, -who ran gamely the whole dis tance, but could not catch the horse, which won- by about three lengths. At tbe Theatre Royal last night "The Red Cross " waa produced for a second time, and pissed off fairly ; the various characters being ably sus tained by toe various members of the company. An amusing little Irish farce, taken from Samuel Lover's ''Handy Andy," in which Miss Lilian Forde played Oonah Booney, and Mr Martin Farde Handy Andy, brought the performance to a con clusion. The Hibernian band and the German Liedertafel have promised their patronage for this evening. We are compelled to hold over several letteis until to-morrow. 