HOW TIIEVT lilVB IN" THE BLACK COKXT11V. /-r .i, /:" 7 - -JJ JnimuiL) The constant recurrence of cases of wife boating, .wife murder, and other brutal, ami repulsive! rriutcs in that part of "England, which is' kr.unini" hv.ytho name of the Black Country. 11 "dark spot upon our boasted civilisation. Scarcely a <wjf pusses that we do not liear of numierousexcesses.qf lhc worst kind. Some reports which wo have- recently come licross let.in'n flood of light upon- the manners, habits, and tnodo ot lito of'tlio very demoralisetJ.Mnulatinu which " IivISHbits'tlTB-iJlack-Gounfpie'ccne-of-t-li alleged er.cniint6r— between— Brutnmy and PHysic. Mr. BakorIbsnoetor of Factories, in a. communication "published some timo agoremh-odicd-extracts- frbm-a-report-nuvde. by Mr. Sub-Inspector Brewer, which caused something liko a sensation. Tho assistant commissioners who sat to inquire into tho state of education in somo parts of England, reported, among othor things, ..that Is' "1n; collier villages. ill: Durham, jwlioro-tlio men earn highiwages,' which tbe$Ktio\v no way of spending "but .in.' the gratificatioirof animal aptites, . tho condition of tho peoplo in fraipcct to morals and- manners, it -is said, may not be described.. Adultory is made a matter of mere jesf, and incest also is fright- Jfully common, and seems -'to oxcitffinp disgust, xn somo'of these parts girlsMrogle with rb"o'ys— at- 8clro"oltill-thirteonrT6urteefi— or fifteen years of age, and that in schools not superintended by Women ; it is impossible to state the coarseness of. uiannbrsjjiat prownlsr in tlicso "schools." t\re are also informed that further south in Staffordshire, where hoys and, girls earn very. high wages, thoir. independence -of .-the parents' assistance to maiutiiih tli cm induces to a very dangerous independence of " conduct. Xo restraint it. seems- is pnt upou their inclimions- either by" their parents or by tbo. force of public opinion in the neighbourhood. . What .are wo to think of tke-Biahners and morals rof a people among whoih'it is regarded as a 'shame for 'o young woman not to be a mother before sho is married ! The assistant couiijt folio its flmf iti n oorfniti Wllfifro ivhero a . bard-working and popular clergy- Sjan has;; contrived to fill his .'church every Sunday, it has been noticed thi Biiring ihe service the people linvo pretended to find the narticiilar nlaees in the books furnished to t hepCbut fully one-balf of tho books wore bclcLuMne down, nnd not one was open in the "ripM place, except in 'the case of an occasional yoiing person who bad been taught to read in the village school. In a separate report published . by Mr. A. X. Senior, one of the Commissioners, that gentleman says — " We look with shame and indignation at the pictures of American slavery ;:but T;firinlyybcliovptbat the chil dren ontheworst-nmnaacd -plantations are loss overworked, less tortured, better' fed than, and quite as well instructed as, tho unhappy infants, whose early and long-con tinued labour 'occasions tbe fabulous cheap ness .of our linrdivnre and our lace, and wboso wages feed the intemperance of the parents." According to the same gentle man, -cliihlren- aro-sot-to-work-ns-early-as- possible ; tho women; married and single, do men's work at less than men's wages. It secms'it is quite a common practice for lazy, idle , fellows to look out for young, indus trious wives, that tlioy may support them, which is just reversing the natural and ac cepted order of things. We aro gravely assured, in conclusion, that much remains nntold. It -would not bo fit for publication. Now, -it-must bo recollected that, the vices, the gross immorality, nnd the crimes of the Black Country are not to bo traced to poverty. Workers earn high wages, amply sufficient to satisfy all'thb ortlinary demands of homo comfort. But tho women and chil- :drbh constitute tho'great class of workers; the'mon smoke, eat, drink, set bull- dogs to' fight, and occasionally enliven this hum-drum existence by thrashing thoir wives. Surely such a disgraceful and deplorable state of things should ",not'"'bc— tolerated ono day' longer than was necessary for its onforccil disappearance. „ .The, gentlemen who have furnished"tlie ipurSvuSSHbinfTtbCcSiidt" tion and habits of the population, of the Blaek Country - are neither enthusiasts, alarmists, nor anti-Englishmen. They are practical minded and experienced country men of tho people, ; wlw>80 vices anil immoralities they have been obliged, in. the discharge of a public duty, to oxpose. A partial reinody1 is no doubt -to, be found for this lamcnfablo state of things in .legislation that; will have for its object restriction 'in. labour, so far as re- gards women and children. But oven thin will go a sinalKvay ."-without the sprend of ;o<lueation, nnd iho growth of a uiororcli- gibusvnnd Christian fooling amongst tbo working classes; When Wo have so many heathdns within, tlio; four borders of Great !5ritain;''it.is cortainly somewhat amusing to wntcli.thb' wlrenuous cfi'orts tnndc by many- good peoplo in organizing missions to tho duHkyiihljabitaiits of Fiji and Timbuctuo. .Itjs.molanchbly--felthui.k,.;.vy.lic .tlici-o.is.'so much work to lie done, that ministers of. peaco, niodols of earnestness, piety, and charity, will persist in squabbling ovor tlio right' -of. -a brother in the ministry to style himself " reverend," or - in', having their attention engrossed by a consideration of Hie best means to- prevent a defunct His- scnlor buing buried in the parish church yard. There is quite enough work to do without; thoso who should, set exiunplo of Christinn forbearanco and gentlenoss array ing thcmsolvcs against each other, and on tho most .miserable pretexts fanning tho flame. of blind bigotry. In tlio newspaper account of an inquest held on 11 glutton, who died by devouring part of n goose, tho verdict suffocation was prinlod, with more truth Hum was intended, stuffoeation. . A player performing tlio Ghost in IJiiuilo.t very badly, was hissod ; after bearing it a good whilo, lio put tlio uudioneo in good humour by stopping forward, nnd saying, " Ladies and gentlemen, I am extremely sorry that my hiunblo endeavours to please are unsuccessful ; hut if you are not "HUi6ilodrI"musrgive7iip"ihFGhbiiL" - 