NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho now Electoral Hill was finally disposed of in the Assembly last evening. After a somewhat animated debate, the clauses having reference to bribery, the employment of cabs and the distribution of intoxicatiug drinks on election days were struck out, tko form in which they were brought down by the Government in the bill not meeting with the approval of the House. Mr. John stone's motion to givo an additional mem ber to Goelong was disenssod at some length, nnd was resolutely opposed by tlio Government. Nevertheless the claims of Geeloug seemed paramount to party conside rations, and in the division which took place many Ministerial supporters crossed the floor of the House, the result being that, the amendment was carried by thirty-oight to twenty-two. The amendments to increase tho representation of Castlemaine, North Melbourne, Moiru and Kara Kara were, how ever, negatived, owing to some extent to tho threat held out that if tho House added many more to tho number of members it wouid become the duty of the Government to consider whether they should not with draw the measure altogether. The hill having passed the third reading, it was ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Council amidst cheers from both sides of the House. In tho Legislative Council yesterday some business was transacted. Leave was given to the lion. R. S. Anderson to introduce a bill fur more effectually preventing the sale of obscene prints. The Justices of the Peace Bill was further amended in com mittee, tho prinoipul alteration being the excising of part of clause li, which pro vided that naval aud volunteer otlicers should, by virtue of their respective otlices. be justices of tho peace. Tho Rights and Easemonts Bill was also fur ther considered in committee, and an' important addition made to clause 11, on the motion of Mr. Anderson, to the effect that tho Governor-in-Council may exclude any watercourse, river or ereck, or any part of such, which, in his opinion, should in tho public interest be so excluded from the operation of the provisions in the clause referred to, and making any infringe ment upon such a prohibition a misdemeanor. The Local Bodies Loan Aots Amendment Bill was read a second time, mid passed through all its stages. Several verbal altera tions were made in the Old Metal Dealers Bill, and the committee's report was made an order of tho day for this day's silting, as was also the committee's report on the Eme rald-bill Council Bill. The Colonial Bank of Australasia Bill was read a third time and passed. . An important announcement was made in tho Assembly last evening by the Minister of Laods in reference to the reserves held by friendly societies. The matter was brought forward by Mr. Langridge, who was desirous of ascertaining how far the Government pro posed to act upon the suggestions contained in the report of the Royal Couimissiou upon Friendly Societies as regards the system of making grants of land to these bodies. It had been proved in evidence that land valued at £52,000, situated at Emerald- hill, had been vested in the trustees of several societies, and that nothing had been expended in, the way of improvements. Mr. Gillies stated that on two of the re. servos in question a considerable sum of money had been expended, to tho extent of £000 in oho caso and £1200 in the other. That'heing the case, the laud could not he resumed without some provision being made for giving compensation for the outlay. The various societies were communicated with, and directed not to incur any further ex pense in connection with their reserves until such time as the Government had considered the question of resuming possession of them. A few evenings ago' the Assembly, after a long discussion, deliberately adopted three principles suggested by Mr. Bent, viz., the prevention of the use of hired con veyances at elections, the hiring of paid can vassers, and tho gratuitous distribution of liquor by publiehouses. The adoption of these restrictions was fairly deboted and formally affirmed, and on tlio House making its will known Mr. Kerford said it would he the duty of the Government to hriDg in a clause or clauses in a shape that would give effect to the will of the House. ' Hon. members, with a simplicity of heart that did their faith more credit than their power to form a judgment from post experience, confidingly entrusted the Go vernment to carry out its wishes, aud how well the Government kept faith with the House was proved last night. Provisions were embodied in the clauses relating to public- houses nnd cabs, and no reference was made to canvassers. The clauses were framedinsueha way that they would have been wholly i impera tive if passed. The3' gave no satisfaction, and last' night the clause relating to public- houses was negatived, the other relating to cabs having been lost before. It seems somewhat singular that up to the present time there has been no arrange ment for the extension of the postal money- order Bystem between this colony and the United States or Canada. The matter has been for some time under Mr. Ramsay's con- sideration, and ho has opened negotiations with these countries for the purpose of affording the publio facilities in the direction indicated. By next mail a proposal will be forwarded to the Governments respectively of the United States and the Dominion of Canada, which will bring about the exten sion of the system by she 1st of June next. The subject of running Sunday trains was again brought under discussion in the As sembly last night. Mr. Langridge stated that Mr. Gillies, formerly Minister of Rail ways, had said that thercBsna Sunday trains' were not run was because they did not pay. He thought the time had come when the ex periment should again be made. The people in town had no opportunity of getting up country for a change of air and to seo their friends, and people who lived up-country had no chance of visiting the seasido. He was of opinion that if the experi ment were again tried it would succeed. Mr. Jones, by way of reply, said that the experiment of running trains had been tried eight or nine years ago, and had failed. Since it had been discontinued £5000 a year had been saved in working expenses. "The same causes that led to failure before were .still in operation now. Where such traffic was made to pay it was by inducing trallie at excessively low fares, and he dill not believe the people of this country were in favor of any such means being resorted to for the mere sake of running trains on Sunday. On the Williamstown line, where traffic at the ordinary rates paid, the Government ran several trains each Sun- day. The following were amongst the more irn- portaut notices of motion given in the Legis- lativo Assembly last night Mr. Keraot : Jpo ask the Commissioner of Lands if any application has been made for an extension of the lease granted to Mr. Waterhouse for a paper mill on the banks of the iarra, and if so, what lias been done in the matter. Mr. W. C. Smith: To call at- tcntion to the railway charges from \\\ u- donga to Melbourne for colonial wine, being :id per ton. per mile, whereas the freight charged for the same article from Melbourne to Ballarat is double that amount, and to ask for a reduction of the latter freight to 3d. Mr. Levien : To ask the Postmaster-General when he anticipates being able to provide Drysdale witli the promised telegraphic extension. Mr. Woods : To call the Commissioner of Railway' at tention to the unsatisfactory nature of the report laid oir the tablo of tho House on the subject of Sunday traffic on tho Vic torian lines ; and to ask if he will furnish the information desired and ordered by the House on the 10th inst. Mr. Purves: To move that a select committee, to consist of Messrs. Moore, W. C. Smith, A. Mackay, G. P. Smith, King, Johnstone, Langton, Richardson and the mover be appointed to inquire and report upon an alleged promise made to cer- tain selectors, Messrs. Young, Foy, Comport, Wells and others, on the Carrum Swamp, and to the statements of the said selectors that under and by virtue of the alleged promise they selected land in that locality and made improvements on the said land. Mr. Whitemn : To move, that in the opinion of this House it is desirable that the Government should resume possession of the reserves at Emerald-hill, as recommended by the Royal Commission on Friendly Societies, having due regard to the expenditure in curred by the different orders which have expended money in improving their grounds, by buildings or otherwise. -The projected establishment 'of nn Indian nnd Colonial Museum in London is not likely to receive much assistance from tho Victorian Government. Last evening Sir Clias. G. Duffy brought the matter under tho notice of the House, and inquired from the Premier whether anythiug had been done, in connection with the matter. Sir James M'Ciilloch stated that a despatch had been received by the late mail from tho Agent- General, intimating that a committee had been appointed in London to promote the ohjeot nnd to communicate with tho colonial Governments asking their co-operation. In the absence of fuller information the Go vernment could not etate.how far they were prepared to go in tlio matter. The question had been frequently nudcr discussion, but at present thero wore no funds which would enable them to take an active part in for warding the interests of the proposed insti tution. Mr. Simon Fraser, in the House last evening, made out a very good case on behalf of Echnca, whoBe shipping accommo dation is altogether inadequate, having regard to tho present and daily increasing trade of that port. Tho value of the im ports and exports from Echuco last year was no less than three million sterling, while that of Geelong was only £1,500,000. Never theless, nothing was done to improve the wharf, which - was erected : many years ago, when the trade was nothing like what it is at present. ' Owing to the inconvenience experienced by merchants in having their goods forwarded by way of Ecliuca, much of the traffic had been diverted from the place. The revenue received by the railways in connection with the River Murray steamers was about £130,000 per annum. Echnca therefore had a strong claim upon the consideration of the Govern ment. Mr. Jones intimated that a sum of £7000 was at present being expended in the direction indicated by the lion, member, and until it was seen how this would improve matters he did not think it desirable to proceed further with improviug the wharf, to remedy the evils connected with which would require a larger sum than tho depart-' mcnt had then at its disposal. A roturn was furnished to the Legislative Assembly yesterday, by the Commissioner of Railways, at the request of Mr. Woods, showing details of all Sunday traffic on the Victorian lines during the twelvo months last past, together with total amount of per sons employed, the wages paid, and the money earned by the department during the same period on Sundays. The return stated that the Sunday traffic for 1875-7(i had boon on tho Melbourne and Williams- town line 97, OAS passengers, giving a revenue of £23SS 15s.; and, on the Mel bourne and Essendon line, 15,475 passengers, with a revenue of £299 0s. 10d., or a total of 112,573 passengers, for £2GS7 15s. lOd. This did not include anything for passengers tra velling on periodical tickets, but only the revenue received by the issue of tickets on Sundays. Tho wages paid for Sunday work on the above lines was £927 Cs. Sd., and the number of persons employed who would not have worked had the Sunday trains not boon run was forty-two. The amount of £927_ Cs. Sd.' did not include, however, any salaries or wages that would have been paid whether Siinday trains were run or not. 'With, respect to goods traffic on Sunday it was stated that thirty trains wore run during tho year, viz. Twenty-nine with empty sheep trucks, bringing hack goods, if any were available ; and one exceptional train, conveying telegraph poles for tho Postal department. It was impossible to state the earnings of these traiiiB, or the expenses connected with them. Mr. Purves, M.L.A. presented a petition to the Assembly last night from a number of selectors at Carrum Swamp, setting forth their grievances in reference to the action of the Minister of Lands in enforcing the con ditions of the residence clause upon them. The petition set forth the respective com plaints of each petitioner. First in order was that of Mr. Mark Young, who stated that he had expended all his means, over £1400, in improving 177 acres of the swamp, which he selected in 1871, and was obliged, in December of last year, to try to recoup his fortune by starting in business at Frankston, six miles from his selection, where he still resided, but continued to improve and visit his land, according as as his means permitted. The next petitioner was Mr. Mark Foy, who selected 195 acres in 1871, and up to the present time has dis bursed £1200 on improvements, but has only resided continuously on the land since January of 1872. Mr. Henry Comport fol lowed by stating that he had expended £200 on his selection of 134 acres since 1871, and had resided upon the ground from the date that permission to occupy was granted in 1874, yet he was refused a lease on the ground of insufficiency of residence. Mr. Henry Wells, the last petitioner, set forth that since the date he made his selection of 219 acres in 1871 he had been con stantly improving the land, and spent £237 in so doing, besides having paid the rate im posed by the shire council of Dandenong for draining the swamp. He further stated that he had built a bridge across the creek to give ready access to his land. The petition then proceeded to state : — "It was entirely depending on the promise of the Minister of Lands 'that if he were satisfied with the bona fides of your petitioners' selecting he would dispense with the residence clause,' that your petitioners continued to improve their said selections, and expended large sums of money in making such im provements. Your petitioners are bona fide selectors, and have wives and families dependent upon them, and if their said selections are forfeited and put up to auction they will suffer considerable loss. The regulation of the department whereby 'selectors living within five miles of their selections need not reside on same' was not made until after your petitioners were en titled to apply for their leases. Therefore your petitioners pray that a select committee he appointed to inquire into the facts of our several cases and report thereon." The pe tition was ordered to lie on the table of the House. Mr. Woods drew the attention of the Minister of Railways last night to the necessity of adopting continuous brakes on the passenger and goods trains ruuning on the Government Railways, and made an offer to the effect that if about £100 were placed at the disposal of the locomotive branch of the Railway department, he would direct the projection of drawings that would allow the construction and application of a continuous brake to about ten or twelve trucks. He specially referred to the accident at Riddell's Creek, and pointed out that though there was in that case a sufficiency of brake power on the train, it could not be applied when the emergency arose, and its necessity became a matter of life and death, to say nothing of the destruction of property. Mr. Jones somewhat sneeringly replied that he understood from what the hon, gentleman had stated that the main object of his present application was to have a brake of his invention tried at the expense of the Government. Applications uf this kind were not at all uncommon. Mr. Woods here interjected, " Why don't you say at once you won't do it?" Mr. Jones proceeded to say that the English Railway Royal Commission had tested nearly every form of brake at great expense, but they had not yet sent in their report, and until fhey did it would be premature to take any steps by way of experiment, or incur any expense in the matter. Mr. Woods, in an indignant tone, said the Minister had gone out of his way to give expression to a sneering insinuation he (Mr. Woods) would not sit under. What he had proposed was for the public good, and on public grounds: the sneer of the Minister was the sneer of ignorance. Mr. Gaunson made a suggestion in the Assembly last night to the effect that the Government should introduco a measure with tho view of correcting any technical defect that might exist in the Succession Duties Act, and that it should he made retrospective, so as to secure the payment to the revenue of the£30,0C0 from Major Bell's estate. He justified his proposal on the ground that it was anticipated by the Treasurer when he made his financial statement that Major Bell's estate would pay the higher rate of duty. Sir James M'Culloch replied that although he had calculated that be would obtain £30,000 from tho estate of the late major, and although the decree of the Privy Conneil might reverse the decision of the Full Court in this colony awarding the full amount, he would be so party to the enactment of legis- lation of.a retrospective character, or legisla tion that would interpose in a ono-sided manner in an issue to be tried before tbs 1 Privy Council. . Notwithstanding the assertions that have been made to the contrary, there appears to be a strong probability that the mail service via -San Francisco will shortly terminate. Mr. W. P. Clyde, the president of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, has addressed a letter to tlio Sydney agents, iu which ho says : — " Tho necessities of tlio caso present to my mind the following alternatives : — A modification of the route to what is known as the ' C ' route, which avoids tlio difficul ties and dangers of thccoastal service and tho shipping at Fiji. The substitution of ships fitted for tho coastal service and Fiji navi gation, which steamers would be tit for tho long sen servico, in place of the popular and ablo steamers now performing the service.. Othorwise an abandonment of tho Bervice." On this subject tho_ Sydney terming If cm writes : — "Thero is a" probability of tho American mail boats ceas ing to be run between this port and San Francisco. The oauso of the desire to throw up the contract is attributed to the dislike of the P.M.S.S. Company to run their boats, some of which are valued at £1G0,000, along the many dangerous ports of call on the coast of New Zealand. Thore is, however, telegraphic correspondence now in progress between the New Zealand and New South Wales Governments, which it is trusted may end in a satisfactory manner. It is proposed that a reduction of £70G0 be made in the New Zealand subsidy. If this is agreed to by all parties, the service will be coutiuucd, if not, the company's agents, Messrs. Gil christ,' Watt and Co., will send back the boats, the company preferring to forfeit tho bond of £25,000 than run the risk any longer. " Mr. Thomas Chirnside, of the Werribee, squatter, was arrested on Monday night upon a charge of being drunk and disorderly . On recovering sobriety he was released upon the sum |of £2 being lodged with the watchhouse- keeper. He did not appear be fore the City Court yesterday, nnd in his absence was fined Ills., the remaining 30s. being forfeited, and placed in . the city poor-box. The traffic returns of the Government and Melbourne and Hohson's Bay Rail way a for the week ending 2th October are as fol lows :— Government Railways : Total for week, £22,310 12s. 3d.; aggrcgnto to date from 1st July, £277,109 Us. Sd. ; weekly average (15 weeks), £1S,4 77 19s; 5d. The returns for the corresponding week of 1875 wore— total for week, £21,511 3s. 2d.; ag gregate, £259,359 5s. 2d.; weekly average, £17,290 12s. 4d. There are now G54 eiileB of rail open, and tho passengers for tho week were 42,750 ; in 1S75 there were 599 miles open,' passengers 43,8-17. The M. and H.B. Railway returns for the week are : — Total for week, £2S55-ls. lid.; aggregate to date from 1st July. £50,4 IS 4s. Sd. ; weekly average, £3393 lOs.Sd.; number of passengers, 103,220. The returns for tho corresponding week of 1S75 were : — Total for week, £2041 4s. Id.; aggregate, £-17,S02 14s. Sd. ; weekly aver age, £3100 14s. lid.; number of passengers, 102,701. The office of town clork of the town of Fitzroy has been filled up by tho election of. Mr. Jones, the secretary of the Licensed Victuallers' Association. A deputation from the Humane Sooiety. yesterday waited on the Premier, for the purpose of asking the Government to take steps to introduce a bill into Parliament haviug for its object renderiug it compulsory on ships to provide increased facilities for saving human life at sea. Mr." Wilks, the president of the society, and several mem bers of the committee were present. It was urged that the means at present pro vided were totally inadequate, as had been proved in connection witli the late disasters at sea. Ships ns a rule were only obliged to carry two life-buoys, which iu case of a ship being abandoned were, comparatively speaking, of little use. During the transfer of the passengers from tho Dandenong to the Albert William it was a significant fact that out of all those who sank only one came to the surfacu, and he had provided himself with a coat which enabled him to float. I f the - others had been similarly equipped, no doubt their chauces'of being rescued would have been greatly increased.' There did' not seem tu ho auy great obstacle to making it compulsory upop captains of vessels sailing out of port to procure tbo necessary life-saving apparatus. A petition embodying the objects of the deputation wns also.. .presented to the. ..'Premier. ,Sir Jauies M 'Culloch ' said ' that he quite sympathised .with the society in their efforts, bnt the Government was met by thi3 difficulty at the outset, that the English Merchant Shipping Act was in force in this colony, and no legislation which they might adopt could override its provi sions. It was pointed out by a member of the deputation that they wished the arrange ment to have reference specially to colonial vessels. Mr. Tyler, Assistant-Commissioner of Customs, stated that the number of ves- sels that would be affected by the proposal was so small that special legislation would bo of very little use, besides which, they should have the co-operation of the other colonies. Sir James M'Culloch said he would he happy to afford every facility to the deputation in the way of meeting their views, hut he failed to see what lie could do without fuller information. It was stated that the necessary information had been applied for to the Royal Humane So oiety, and to the secretary of the conference held last year at Genoa for tho purpose of considering the qnestiou of saving life at sea. The Premier suggested that the papers and documents thus obtained should be for warded to him, and lie promised to givo the subject his earliest consideration. k The hon. Thos. Elder, of Adelaide, bas- placed at Baron Von Mueller's disposal the important collection of plants formed by Mr. Brnost Giles in his last expedition. By those means a large gap in our former knowledge of the vegetation of Australia will now be filled up, and a still further insight into the physiognomy of the country lately so well explored by Mr. Giles will be obtained. The sub-committee of tho Horticultural Society appointed to carry out arrangements for the Spring Exhibition, to bo held in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on tho 2ud and 3rd proximo, met at Hawthorn on Monday oven- lug. Present : Messrs. Crichton, Murdoch, Woodmnson and Toon. A letter was read from his Excellency the Governor, Btating his willingness to open the exhibition ; also letters from the various gentlemen appointed to act as judges, consenting to fill the office. The design for tabling was fixed upon, and arrangements for band and other matters of detail settled. Some other routine business having been disposed of, the meeting was adjourned until the 23rd inst. At a special meeting of the Jika Shire Council, held on Monday evening, an-order made ou the 11th day of September for the removal of tho Northcote toll-gate from its present position to a point on a line with the south side of Urquhnrt-street was brought up and confirmed in the usifal way. On the question being put, six councillors voted for and three against the confirmation of the order. During the discussion it was mentioned that the revenue to bo derived from tbe gate in its new position will be about £409 a year more than the present in come. At the Warden's Court, Heidelberg, on Monday, Air. Strutt delivered his decision in the case of Leary v. Stiggants, reported in 'J he Age of the 11th inst., in which tbe question was the forfeiture of a piece of auri ferous ground at Anderson's Creek, When the ease was called on Mr. Plomer, on behalf of Mr. Walsh, directed the attentien of the warden to a judgment given by Judge Moleswortb, in the ease of Davis v. Bull, re ported in 3 Australian Jurist, page 2G. Having looked, at the authority in question, the warden remarked that the case of Davis v. Bull was under the Sandhurst by-laws, which, lie said, " are somewhat different from tbe Castlemaine by-laws." He then announced that' the case of Lcary v. Stig gants was dismissed. Air. Plomer then made application for a special case under the pro visions of 30 Victoria, Ko. 440, section 22, and after some argument it was agreed that 'the application be renewed at the next sitting of' tho court, to be held on the 23rd inst. A report having been industriously circu lated for some weeks past that »lr. Long- more intends Tto abandon Ripon and Hamp den at the next general election, the JiulUi- rat Courier is authorised to state that there is no truth whatever ip the rumor. Air. Longmorc will stand for Ripon and Hamp den as before. Tenders for a number of works were opened yesterday, in the office of the archi tect of the Education department. The fol lowing were declared to he the lowest tenders, but they were reserved for the de cision of the Minister of Education : — Teacher's house at Cowie's Creek, Fawn and Fleming, £220 12s.; new school, Merri- jig, Win. Aspden; £294; new school, Jamieson, Dodson and Co., £1120 ; addition to teacher's residence, Trawall, H. S. Schk-meimeyer, £98 Is.; new school, .Can- ios Flat, J. Butterwortb, £272; addition to school at Wabdallah, F. Holyoake £r- for fifty portable buildings for school hon: Jas. Kennedy, £5739 84. 9d. ' In the Equity Court yesterday, before if. Justice Molesworth, evidence was t»l/ the suit of the United Hand aad Band GoU Alining Company v. the National hank „r Australasia and Win. Lakeland. Mr xi Dermott and Mr. Box appeared for of" plaintiffs ; Mr. Holroyd and Mr. a'BoA.i! lor the National Bank, and Mr. Laws, , Mr. M'Farland for AH. Lakeland n suit was instituted by tho United' n.!l and Band Company' to recover H"d session of tho mine, with the mad,;. thereon, on the ground that the am gage given by the company to the W and under which the bank had sold off tU mine to a new company which had be formed, was invalid, and that the tranaS the new company was a fraud unon ti shareholders of the old company am? Ik ! the proceedings of ' the bank ffi iinder.its security was informal. Defend Lakeland, a shareholder, pleaded that h knew nothing of the transactions bX.7 tho hank and the old company JM rZ the legal manager of the old'comp.ny under examination until the court rose tl case will be resumed this morning. The Gippsland Times says :— "\Ve a» ahlcd on the best authority to state that lb AY m. Ji. King will, at the general election' resume his candidature for North p; ' land, from which he withdrew at therJPI>!; of many of his friends in favor of Sir f? r Mr. AUKean."elCti0U l SUPP'y "P!«eof A salo of Crown lands was held it ti rooms of Alessrs. John Bud.an „n 8 Qneen- strcet, yesterday. Onlv i 1 were catalogued. One of thirty?eieht ' adjoining the Williamstown i!ace,r«» j the other of 320 acres, iu the par Lh T/ d brook. The land at WiHiamJa.J Li iZ some competition, aud ulrasced from £5 2s, bd. per acre. Thehitu (iemhtot brought only the upset ptiTO. o £f,o(; aorc. The amount real,, ed b, the ,.le wai The Curator of the Estates ot Deceased 1 ersons fins obtained rules to administer th- estates of the following deceased under the Acts Nos. 230 and -127 --(Aon,;! Ifani.eou, Flemington, £7 10s.; Oicar Liss, 113 Swanston-street, Melbourne, £12SS(ij ' A hoy 'named Alexander Taylor, eleven years of age, wns sent to the industrial schools yesterday by tho Collingwoo'd puliC8 bench" for a period of live years, for italic? 10s. Gd. from tho till of E. Wilkins » butcher in ore-street. ' The first report for the prezent year of tte Printing Committee of the Legislative d,. suinbly was presented to the House liyji, Crews yesterday. Tile document detiii'-j tho manner in which a mmiW of peti:j„ returns aud other documents had been cfceff with, and wns ordered to lie on the titfe _ A petition was presented in thcU-A tive Assembly last evening with rieii to the easp of a selector named Aidtsdi M 'Donald, who is in tfie occupation ci u-. tion of land at Branburra. The pctitiraei who were -some thirty-six 111 mnaiir, i- leged that Ai 'Donald's possession oiti- land was illegal, he having failed to nut! the improvements necessary under tti Laud Act lSGo. Ilia selection, it r. peared, was- taken up under 6 13th clause of tlio Land Act 15i.\ in July, 1SG9, and was occupied by M'Doitl for two years, bnt he failed to expeuci'ta stipulated £1 per aero during that periods required by the act ; nnd subsequently i was forfeited by notice in the OoeernM Gazette, and selected by two other person H who, however, never got posseesi-u I: M 'Donald continued to occupy-the groatiB during the remainder of the seven yens' B lease until 1st July, 1S7G, still withretB making tbo required improvements, and tU B Board of Land and Avorks had since thB forfeiture refused to receive the rents, Tti B petition went on to say that AI 'Donald iuil received the permission of tbe Board of Land fl and Works to occupy the land' beyond th fl 31st July last, and thdb he was at present,® with the sanction of the board, making in- provements to cnoblo him to claim a Crovi B grant, although he had forfeited all right tiB the land by not making them, within ttefl seven years. It was therefore .asked that 1 B full inquiry-should be made, and that ifilfl were found that M'Donnld was illegally i:B possession the land should be put up lit H seleotion. Tho petition was received uiH ordered to lio on tho tablo. H Tlio Obief Secretary wns yesterday wiibiH on by Mr. AVhitelaw, an representing, tbB Alexandra Sbira Council, ifor the asking for a portion of a lapsed, nbidyte H ' the local body mentioned in oonnecfcir.ih H the Rivorsdalo-bridge. Air. Wallace, M.LC, B introduced tho deputation. It was eiphhd that in April, 1.875, a contract wu entered B into for the crcotion of a bridge over tbs fl Gpulburn at Riveradalo for a sum of t'liiio, B but owing to the heavy floods in the rirer,iri I the walkings havingboen placed at low will.- 1 summer level, it became impossible to con- pleto the contract within the specified tint, fl the 31st December, 1875. That an alters- H tion of 2tj or 3 feet in the height 0! tti waitings bad hoen made by the Covernnd I engineer as late as the 24th Decemktfl This was proof that the plan was defcctin, B and that the work could not be compktdB within the contract time. The bridge ml now finished at a cost of £2200, amlallthH deputation asked was that tho Coveroird H should pay for their portion of the contrri Bi which the laws of ndturo and their onH officer had proventod from being fimfiiiH within the spooifiod time. Tlio Minii'.tuflj roply, stated that a lare sum bad this neH been devoted to subsidiso municipal booiaH and that ho could not sea on whet principiH tho sum asked for could be ri»:-H| mended. The money promised had bpriH into 'tho general revenue. If it cri fl| bo shown that the non-completion of i'- H work arose from any neglect on the parSct Hj one of thoir own officers, bo would isqrin nn'd make auclf remedy as the circumitiaxi H of the case appeared to require. The dip:- B tation statod that there was no wish topres H tho latter point referred to. Tbe aielaM season of last year had boen unprecedeitd H for continuous wet weather, and thinH were nu nierous reasons to be gi ven for the w- H completion of the work. The shire cotiriM had borrowed the money to build thiildfaM on debentures, and it was skin; tvHj much that they should nuw take general revenue to pay what was virtuijB the debt of the Government. Mr. M tcpfi" H| son promised to look over the paper' consult with his colleagues. The. had been dealt with by another departcur; Hj and he would see that justice wns done. A return wns laid on the table el H Assembly last , night, in compliance 1 motion of Mr.- Connor, being a copy report of Air. Gordon, Chief EnginHt'B tha AVater Supply department, ra ja drainage of the over-flow waters from L'hl Colao ancl CoraDgnmile. The report slid that the most direct moans of lowenngM.M surfaco ot Conutgamite would be ton!' deep chaunol, the bed of which would » the level of the former surface, of thebbB and by this means drain off the top iratu a depth' of 4 feet. The disposing ot is surplus water of Lake Colae, at presents' ceived into Calvert's Lake, it was esnnitw would cost £7500 to accomplish, eiclm-"' the purchase of 100 acres of land » would be required for that purpose. A'' transforming Lake CoraDgainite into t map water lake,- the engineer opined tnatii H " to all intents and purposes imprint ble." ,. Tho judges appointed by tbo Brig Horticultural Society to award the a Bilver cup or five guineas, offered v . H proprietors of 'the l ender newspaper, best-kept market garden, not exceeding acres, within the Brighton distric , their award yesterday, ike ' comP. .B were— Air. George Alock, Red Bluff. ' B bin; Mr. John AA illume, South Brighton; Mr J. Orgau, M«g road, Cheltenham ; Alessrs Uilkm Sonth-road ; E. Hayes and Son, Moora® Air. J. R. Grimes, North-road , . Ralph, Denby-road; and Ai lesarl. J Bros., Cheltenham. The prize was,® to Mr. John AVilliams, and lie wascloM® followed by Air. J. Organ as ,'gl® whom .the judges recommeui ® money prize; Air. George Mock, tt£| honorary certificate ; and Air. - special mention for the very neat way iu which his garden IS 'T 'taye ,tB4 fl was a general want of good ma otherwise l.o would have stood l..gber| the listi, The jwlges were . ' « Megan, Kcw;Mr. W. VI , ra3B'£ 0x-..| Mr. TV. Box, Brighton. I he judgiig pied tlie whole day. ill The Fakir of Oolu's "ghost appear-® the District Court yestenhiy. when- vester was sued by Air. Y/?' then®! scribes himself as a journal . of £10, tho amount of u alleged for writing a guor.t piece ior j® Odin's entertainment nd w be'e.B P , ,1# B St. George's Hall. The p amtiff aUeS B a ghost dramn he bad written entitle , Dreams, or the FortuneJinnter j been accepted by the Fakir, bu been performed. For the defonc was adduced, showing that MOW bad bow suggested to Mr. rrr' " ' ' i, might write a drama for the -tost business, and that if . it proved aitable he would be fairly remunerated, Itili he had not been commissioned to pro- dace the drama in question, nor bad it been .ubsequently accepted. Hie bench tooL this view of the case, and dismissed the nlaint, with two Ruinoaa costs. P Dr Youl held an inquest at the Melbourne Ttnso'ital yesterday upon the body of a man named llichard Hurley, aged twcnty-livo vears who was found lymg tnsensiblo in Swan'stou-strcet on Saturday evening, and who subsequently expired on his removal to the hospital. Deceased, who had formerly been in the navy, came to tlio colonies by the ship North American from London. He drank very heavily occasionally. The post tnorUm examinanuu inlted from acute congestion of the brain from excessive drinking, and the jury re turned a verdict to that effect. A man named Mathew Howaton, aged thirty-five years, residing in Clark-street, Emerald-hill, was admitted to the Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from a fractured leg,: caused1 bv a rope he was pulling on board' the Alma at the Queen a YVbarf giving .way, and throwing him down on the deck. - ; The new portable school buildings, num bering nearly 100, will bo found, it is thought, aomewhnt close and inconvenient during the snmmer months. To obviate this defect, and improve the temperature of the acbool rooms, Mr. Ramsay has forwarded packages of quick-growing plants and ereeners to the teachers, with directions as to how they shall be set, so that before the hot season sots in these buildings will have the advautage of being tolerably well pro tected from the tierce rays of the sun. \- Yesterday a boy named George Bonning, whilst working on the scaffolding erected in front of the Union Hotel, in Great Malop- strcet, Geelong, fell to the ground, a dis. tanco of twenty.two feet, and was picked up in an'in'sousible state, and. taken .to the hos pital; It is believed that he has sustained a fracture of the base of the Bkull. The accumulation of stagnant water on low-lying lands in the vieiuity of Messrs. Kitohcn's soap faotory, at North Sandridge, has boc-n the Bubject of correspondence be- tween the Sandridge Borough Council and tho firm. It is stated by Messrs. Kitchen that tho only eifectual way to abate the nujsaucc is to construct a drain into tho Yurra at a level that will ennble the water to run into tho river. As, however, the ground is very low and swampy, the con struction of the drain will bo unavailing unless the level of all the surrounding land bo'raised, and this will necessarily be a very cist ly work. By a by-law passed by tho Sandridge Borough. Council all cesspits in that muni cipality will have to be filled up at the end of the year. Acting in accordance with the provisions of the Local Government a >8 flm rtntinrtil nmniifle to let ix contract for tho removal of the night- soil of the whole borough, and to make a rate of 3d. iu the pound to cover the cost. There wa3, however, considerable opposition to tho proposal last night by two of the emncillors, on the ground that the plan would cause the cost to fall unequally on those ratuayers who were largo holders of pro perty. Onecouncillorcomplainedthatitwould make a difference to himself of £10 per anOura, which means, in other words, that his rateable property is valued at £S0Oper annum. To this another councillor retorted that ho would like to be in a position to be mulct iu' an equal amount. Tho other opponent of the plan is afraid that the interest of tho Melbourne aud Hob- sou's Bay United Railway Company will be affected injuriously, as they will have to contribute £40 per annum. There was, however, a majority of tho council in favor of the improved method of dealing with the matter, which will come into vogue with the new year. Mr. 0'Loghlcn, the Crown prosecutor, entered a nolle prosm/ui yesterday at the Central Criminal Court in the case of Mar garet Conway, who was charged with infanti. cide, and she was released from custody. The independent congregation formerly worshipping at the church in Lonsdale- street west, having sold that property, have purchased tho small church at the north end, of William-street. This they have since enlarged aud improved, and on Sunday, the Sth inst., it was opened. The special services were continued last Sunday, and last night a tea meoting was heldin a tent on the ground. This was fol lowed by a .public meeting in the church, presided oyer by Mr. Jas. Dodgshun, Addresses, chiefly of a congratulatory cha racter, were delivered by. the chairman- and several ministers, and some very good sing ing at intervals greatly enlivened the pro ceedings. In the course of the evening a memorial tablet of the late Rev. Thos. Odell, the first pastor, was uncovered, and a hand somely illuminated address was presented to tho senior deacon, Mr. Dunn. On Monday evening lost, at the Fitzroy Town Hall, the Rev. L&wson; Wilson de livered a lecture on Martin Luthor. The rev. gentleman was listened to throughout with marked attention, and was frequently applauded. The subject was ably bandied, and proved decidedly interesting. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him. The hen, ,Tas. Munro occupied the chair. At a meeting of the Melbourne Philhar monic Society, held lost evening, Mr, David Lee was unanimously chosen as conductor. Mr. Lee, who on entering the room was most enthusiastically received, returned thanks for the honor conferred on him, and expressed the pleasure he felt in again con ducting a society which had done so much for the promotion of music. Wilson's circus was largely patronised last sight, but in consequence of the inclement state of the weather the Governor postponed his promised visit. Two wonderfully clever horses, named Lion and Tiger, wero intro duced into the ring by Mr. Omar Kingsley for the first time. Their performance was of a most remarkable character, and their sagacity and docility excited general admira tion. The repetition of Costa's Eli, which will take place at the Town Hall on Saturday evening, promises to be a marked success ; the balcony seats are taken up, and it has been found necessary to reserve ohairs, the plan of which is now open at Allan and Co. 'a. A full rehearsal for principals, baud and chorus will be held this evening, at the Town Hall, at 9eveu o'clock. An exhibition ot boxing took place at the Princess' Theatre last evening, in aid of the Dandcnong Relief Fund.. The house was densely crowded, and about £300 will pro. bably be realised for the object in question. The performances commenced with a few minor pugilistic encounters with the gloves, but the interest of the evening was cen. tred in a contest between Mr. J. M. Christie nnd Mr. . Abe , Hicken. It had been intimated that something more than an ordinary boxing match was about to take place, and tho police took tho precau tion of having both combatants arrested dur ing . tho afternoon and bound over to keep tho peace in tho sum of £400 each. The en. counter, which was with medium gloves, lasted for about au hour and ten minu tes, at tho termination . of which, at the request of the police, it was discontinued, the result being given as a draw. Opinions are very evenly divided as to the actual result, but Christio is supposed to have secured first place. The Theatre Royal and tho Opera House were both fairly attended last night, iu pitc of tho inclemont weather. At the former Mr. Pillana again appeared, aud was well received. Tho programme at the Utter place of amusement was given with out alteration. The Fakir of Oolu's entertainment was well patronised last night. Mr. Brnmwell, the blind violinist, secured general approval for his clover performance. Pnlilicalion Received.— The .Yew Zealand Jfiijncijie (quarterly), being the fourth for the current year. A meeting of tho Australian Natives' Associa tion will be held to-night, at Hockin'a Rooms, iliziheth-strcet. A meeting of tho Albert Psrk Regatta com- mutco will be held at Smith's boathouse this evening, at half-past seven p.m. ' Moderate drinking of intoxicating liquors the most Dangerous Delusion of tho Age, is the subject of a lecture to be delivered by Mr. John u'turuo, J.P., in the Gospel Hall this evening. A meeting of the Free Gardeners' Society will ha bcbl to-night, at tho Clyde Hotel, corner of fi'gin and Cardigan streets, Carlton, for tho pur pose of forming a new lodge. Ryu mistake of tho tegistcr keeper, in the published prize list of the Ladies' Match, in the Isle Victorian Rifle Association competition, Lieutenant Cbristophersun's score of thirty-one was put to the credit of Gunner Chessell, who only scored twentv-six. Lieutenant Cbristopher- on is therefore entitled to the fourth' prize in toe contest iu question. 