THE LAKES' ENTRANCE. TO THBE DITOR OF THE GOPPSLAND TIMEs. Sla,-mMy attention has been directed to some comments in the Bairnsdale Courier in' reference to my suggestion for a new entrance to the lakes, in which the writer falls into an error, and very unfairly takes advantage and tries to make capital out of, a mere omission of the names of some of the Gippsland rivers. Imprimnis- am not Mr Purves,-nor his ghost, as the commnentator quasi-humorously suggests. This you can satisfy him about, and I may state that although I have the honor of Mr Purves' acquaintance, I never heard of his having expressed any views what ever on the subject; but I feel satisfied that if he did so express himself, although not assuming to himself any engineering skill or experience, he received his im pressions front some one who was in a position to give an opinion, and in this aspect I am proud to have entertained similar views to that gentleman, ]lairns dale notwithstanding. As to the omission of the names of the rivers, that does not in anywise militate against the feasibility of my suggestion. Practically the matter stands thus:-The present backwater from the rivers running into the lakes (consider all the rivers, creeks, and water courses here enumerated) is not sufficient with the present wide mouth to prevent the accumulation of shifting bars, shelves, and spits; but were the full effect con centrated, as it were, in a narrow entrance, I am still inclined to believe that the navi gation of the lakes would not as at pre sent be intermittently possible, but con tinuously so. If, as the writer says, there is "no intention of spending money in deepening the entrance," then no harm has been. lone by my "wise" and "sen sible" remarks, and the Bairnsdaledoves need not be fluttered about it. I don't like to entertain uncharitable ideas, or I really should fancy that this warm con demnation of a mere suggestion of what, if ?pccessfully carried oullt would 'benefit the entire district arose from mercenary motives, and that my Bairnsdale friend was wroth at the bare suggestion of the few pounds usually expended on these entrance works (and naturally spent in the nearest township) being laid out fur ther down the lakes, just as one sees theo wild beast of the Zoological gardens peacefully''winking and blinking in his den, careless of everything save the re ceipt of his daily rations; but, try to take away from him the smallest portion-aye, but a bone-and :you'll see his teeth and talons and hear him-roar ! I trust that some one who knows more about the locality than I do, and much more than my Bairnsdale friend, will give the matter consideration, and we may yet see Gippe land a prosperous-because available by sea-district. Yours, &c;,, V. W. s. 