LOST AND WON. (Australian Journal.) It is race-day, and tho town and all the drives and roads loading to the course aro thronged with a vast multi tude, Booking, by means of every doscribablo and indiscribable species of wheeled vehicle to roach their favourite " coign of vantage" at the hill, grand, stand, or the flat. Here comes a dash ing four-in-hand turnout, conveying a merry party of ton or a dozen—lovely women and ' golden youth1—but as our story concorns only two of its oc oupants we will spare tho reader a category of its animated freight, and introduce the actors in our little drama without further prelude. That rather good-looking young man 011 the box soat, who is tooling tho team with the onsy facility born of long practice, is Jack Vail Arsdalo. Everyone knows Jack, and nearly overyone likos him, ns indeed all ought, for a better-hearted fellow doesn't exist. Van Arsdale para worked in the quiot recesses of his tannery for three decades, -and," when he was finally gathered to his fathers, loft his only son sufficiently well pro vided with houses and lands, to say nothing of bankers' promises to pay, to make that young gentleman a firm believer in the time-honoured adage 'Thoi'e's nothing liko loather.' Despite tho nttentiou vrequired to steer, his mettlesome team through the hurrying crowd of carriages, lie manages to carry on a very animated conversation with tho young lady at his side, whose golden curls, falling in careless profu sion from beneath her jaunty hat of brown and white, form go charming a setting for her fresh, fair face. This is Miss Isabol Phillips—Belle her friends call her, and Jack Van Arsdale ' aspires to be raoro than a friend. Indeed, rumour bos it that the parties most interested have already ".come to terms, and that, ere many months elopse, tho Van Arsdale mansion, now given ovei' to tho tender mercies of a grim old housekeeper, will bo gar nished for a bride. As usual, rumour is wrong, albeit such a consummation would, perhaps, not bo unacceptable to both occupants of tho box-seat. But although Miss Belle is fully aware of Jack's adoration, and has probably no intention of rendering an adverse decision when his causo comes to final abitraiaont in tho court of love, she is in no hurry to fix her fetters, golden though they , may bo, but profers to exerciso the undoubted prerogative of her sex, and coquet'jr.st a little,' while yet her hands aro free. Some weighty matter is evidently under dis cussion ; let us avail ourselves of our prerogative, and, having ' tho receipt of forn-seed,' ' walk invisible,' and bo listeners for tho nonce. 'I'm sure, Jack, it's perfectly ridiculous. Yon can't win, and you'll only tumble off and break your arm or-your neck, or some other portion of your anatomy; or else you'll fall into tho ditch, or come a cropper, as Dal Hunt calls it, over one of those horrid liurdlos, and then , won't you feel juBt too bad for any thing?' 'Doubtless—if I meet with any of tho droadod casualties you have so feelingly rocounted. But, then, you Boe, I don't intend to perform either of tbeso feats of ground-and-lofty tumb ' ling you've just onumorated, and I do mean to win—bound to do it, in fact.' ' Well, it's of no use to waste argu , ment upon such an obstinate person, and of course it's immaterial to me whether you win or come to grief— 'ly only I should be sorry if anything hap pened—to that pretty horse.' 'And indiCPerout as to the rider, I suppose ? You ought to bo offoriug up profound supplications for my succcss, for I'm poiug to wonr your colours. Besides I've wagevod a very comfortable sum ■ on the race already, play or pay, and tho economy I'll have to practiso if I lose is something fearful to contoin plate. By the way, I havo no bet with you j and shall it ho ? I'll take yon eithor way, just to mako it interesting, ynu know.' 'I four you are avaricious, Mr., Van Arsdale, and hove designs upon my limited allowance of pin money ; but I've no objection to bot yOU—guy a box of gloves—thnt you , will' lose.' 'You're quite confident that I urn destined to defeat? 'Per fectly.' 'Tlion, Bupposo wo make the stake something a trifle smnller, yet more valuable. Lot it bo the hand, and not tho glovo'—touching Clint neutly-gamitletod member us ho Breaks. 'Mr. Van A?6duIo—Juok I Tlioro is a momentary hesitation —tho pink cheeks are crimson now— then she recovers her self-possession, and the voice is as firtn as a rock when alio spoaks again. 'It shall bo tho hand, thon if you wish it; but what is to bo my trophy if I win ?' 'What ever you will—this, if it suits you and he holds up a diamond circlet, that flashes bnck'tho sunlight in n thousand prismatic rays. ' Tho stake is unequal; but, since I have accepted the wagor, I will hold to my word ; thore's • my hand upon it.' The light, soft gant do Suede is clasped for nn instant in the heavy driving-gauntlet, thon quickly withdrawn, and silence possesses tho pair, until treading his way amid tho innumerable vehicles, Jack wheels sharply into tho carriagc.paddock and discharges his living freight. ■ Dis mounting from tho drag, tho party enter that modest structure, and speedily emergo upon the balcony overlooking tho track, whero they are soon seated exchanging salutations with a host of friends, studying tho ' corroct cards,' listening to tho music of tho band, and awaiting tho first event of tho day. There are five races on tho programme, but out story is concerned with 0110 only—a ' stoeplechaso for gentlemen riders, over a fair hunting corn try'—or, in other words, over a track obstructed with divers uncomfortable hurdles, hedges and fences, to say nothing of a ditch or two ; and generally contrived in that it seems especially intonded to afford the riders overy facility for accumulating a large and miscel laneous assortment of broken bones. For this race Jack has entered his favourite gray, ' Marvel,' and proposes to try a mount. Four of tho races have been run and won ; the 'fielders' have shouted themselves hoarse over tho defeat of the favourities, and now comes an intermission, for tho refreshment of tho innor man—and women; and then the ovent which possesses so peculiar an interest for one of tho participants and one spectator. Belle has been very silent and thoughtful—so much so that hor friends havo playfully rallied hor on hor pro-occupation : and now, as Jack is taking his loavo, preparatory to donning the 'tights and tops' which form so essential a.part of the costume peculiar to jockeydom, sho cannot summon up the ghost of a smile, al though sho bids him Tjon voyage in o voice that hasn't tho shado of a trornor in its steady accents. Now there is a rush for tho bost seats from which to view tho ovent of tho day—tho race for gontlomen riders. Tho secretary of the club has evidently lost no time for tho course is filled with groups of busy men, setting hurdles and other wise preparing an unusually rugged path for tho amateur jockeys. Blanketed racers are paciug to and fro, attended by a swarm of Btable boys. Tho bell taps, and presently tho contostents emerge from tho weighing-room, clad in tho bravery of silkon caps and jackets of tho various hues. The horses aro quickly stripped and saddled, and as tho bell taps for tho second time there is 'mounting in hot busto.' The stand is now the scone of wondrous flutter and enthus iasm, not unmixed with chaff. ' Oil, do look at Tom Oxford, Minnie. What, ever will ho do with his feet ?' cries a pink and white boauty to her com-; panionT"""'Do'?~"is tho rejoinder. ' Why ho intends to havo six logs to his horse:' 'How absurd 1 No well bred racer would deign to be lifted over a hurdle by. such adventitious aids.' 'Then, my dear, there is but otio alternative. Ho must tie ihem in in a bow-knot beneath his steed.' 'Six to one on Dauntless!' cries a fair sportswoman in a high soprano. 'Done!' exclaim half a score in a breath. 'My offer was made with a view to a possible acceptor. I do riot desire or intond to book half tho com pany.' 'A wise resolve, my dear! Buckley's don't begin to havo a suffi cient stock of gloves to liquidate your indebtedness in oaso you book tho takers,' sneors a fair one. 'It will givo me great pleasure to book yours,' retorts the ardent partisan of 'Daunt less.' Belle remains silent and pre occupied during this storm of banter. Hor Btuke is too momentous in its consequencos to admit of chaffing over it. She is closely scrutinizing tho jockeys through 'her field- glilss, and wondering the while whether Jack will really claim his wager should ho prove tho winner. The sound of tho last bell abruptly ter minates conversation, and all oyes aro turned upon the horses and tho riders with wistful interest. 'They're off !' shouted a score of voicos in a breath. A rainbow of colours flashos in tho son, and a rousing ohoer from the grand.stand heralds tho coming racer?. The start is a capital one, the horses getting off well together, and taking tho first hurdle in flue stylo. ' Oh, how lovely !' cry the female moiety of tho spectators. ' Blue is ahead !' ' Non sonco, Yellow leads.' 'Tour byos aro jaundiced, my dear.' ' None so blind as those that won't see,' retorts the backer of 'Yellow." Thus far tho horses have made the running in a bunch, aud taken the leaps without difficulty. Boforo them lies the ' big jump' of the race—a wide ditch with a hedge on • its further'side. All who take this ,'facer' safely, may bo.con sidered safe for the finish. A clatter ing and pounding ,of iron-shod hoofs, accompanied by a cloud of dust, herald the approach of tho contestants to the critical spot. Belle leans over the rail with bated breath, peering into the approaching cloud of dust with speech, less interest. Her bosom heaves with suppressed excitomont and suspense. On swoop tho flying steeds—you could covor them with a table-cloth. They near the crucial leap. Then tho silonce is broken by a shout:—'Brown and white is tho first over !' Thoro is a crash, and tho artificial hodgo is scat tored in a hundred fragmonts. 'Oraugo nnd red is out of tho running !' ojaou lates a cold-blooded sportsman, as the luckless wearor of these colors is hurled headlong into tho ditch, while his horse bolts tho track aud escapes into tho paddock bordering the course. 'Oh, oh !' cry a bevy of damsels, whoso pity has not been swallowed up by tho in tonso oxcitomont. 'Poor fellow, I wondor if he's killed.' ' Look at maroon.'. ' Splondid !' ' By Jove! well taken.' ' Goorgo ! that was a jump!' 'Thoro goos Burns; lie's safe for a compound fraoturo.' Belle heeds , not this running firo of commont. Iler oyos nro strained 011 one object, and, as tho horses sweep by at full.speed past the Stand, hor knight is a longth in advance, but hotly .pressed by dark, green, who, as Dick Olmstend remarks, is 'working bis passago.' They tarn tho Cap start-post, and straigbton out down tho home-stretch for tho final struggle. Thsro is but one moro hurdle to liilce. Jack lifts his horse over it. with the skilI of a professional. Dark greou rises to tho leap a triQo too soon, tho horse's knoes hit the topmost bur, and, simultaneously, steed and rider aro rolling in dust. Blue and white, who has been riding a ' waiting race,1 now forges in front, and tho final struggle is to be between Jack and his hitherto unnoticed rival. Thoy tear down tho course at terrific speed. Jack leads, and is urging his gallant grey to the utmost. Cheer on cheer greets them. They near tho post., when some injudicious partisan, in tho exuberance of his joy, tosses his hat high in the air. Tho action is fatal to tho chances of our hero. His horse is frightened, swerves suddenly, and, before Jack can steady him to his work, blue and white flashes by and is a length in advance. Jack plies whip and spur ; he reaches his adversary's flank ; thoy are almost neck-and-neck. It is the supremo moment. Tho pace is terrific; ho cnn see but indistinctly ; all is a bluzo of blue aud white ; a nebulous fringe of waving hats dances bofore his ej'es ; his oars ring with tho confused noise of cheers and shouts; the gallant grey falters, stumbles, falls, and Jack is shot from tho saddle like a stone from a sling. There is a tremendous shook, and thou—darkness, until after a time consciousness returns to him; he opens his eyes like one waking from a troubled dream, to find himself iu the hospital tont, his brave attire streaked with crimson stains, and bonding over him, in an agony of tearless suspense, a face dearer to him than all others on earth. It was a much less gay party that travelled homewards from Flem ington iu tho handsome drag than that which camo with it to tho course. Anothor cbarioteor occupied the box seat, and poor Jack Van Arsdalo lay pale and holplcss insido, propped up on an impromptu couch, tended by that loveliest patron of tho turf, Isabel Phillips, but now converted into tho veri-similitudo of an ambulance nurse. Jack's state did not permit of conver sation on tbo way home, but ho was ultimately delivered, not in particularly good order and condition, at tho Van Arsdale mansion in Sonth Tarro. Of course, the best of medical aud surgical assistance was available for our unlucky sportsman, and tho result proved that though tho shock had beeii n sovoro ono no bonos were broken, and in dne timo our hero approached convales cence. Bello, who had loft Jack at his residence after the accident, had since called regularly to enquiro respecting his coudition, but as his recovery be came certain had diminished their fre quency, and tho last two days had con tented herself with sending a message by a servant. Jack's chief anxiety upon recovering seemed to be to ascer tain who had actually won tho steeple chase, for his overthrow had occurred so noar the goal that many of the spec tators woro in a state of uncertainty upon the point, much more so such an active participator in tho contest as Jack, particularly under tho unfavour able circumstances of such a precipitate dismounting. When permitted to con verso on ordinary topics, the first ques tion put to tho surgeon was with a view to. solve the above important questiou, and, added Jack, 'If I didn't win, I'm not a bit thankful to you, doctor, for curing me, for on . tho whole I would just as soon have broken my neck as lost that race, and tho stake; contingent upon it.' 'Yon ungrateful young whelp,' returned the medico ; ' upon my word Tve a groat mind to polish you off after all, and get the chance of earning an additional two guineas by holding a post mortem on your remains. • But surely you can't have been plunging to such an extent as to make tho loss of a betof so much importance 'i You haven't been selling your birthright to Abraham, Isaac, aud Mose6, or pledging-the green acres of Warego station, to meet your debts of honour ? If that's the case, it will be come a matter for serious consideration whether you shouldn't go into Parlia ment; in which case, as you are awaro, such little obligations are not consi dered as binding amongst your fast living rascals of turf patrols. Jack smiled at the doctor's good humoured bautor in spite of himself, and simply shaking his head replied, 'But you haven't answered my question, doctor,.' 'Nor do I intend to, noble sportsman, tho responsibility is far too serious, now that I find the importance which you attach to the matter; for, although your relapse might be profitable to.me,, yet, as a conscientious medical man and a friend of the family, I must decline the risk, but will ondeavour to find someone who will break the iutelli ■gonco as gently as possible, and relieve tho suspense which you doubtless feel;' so saying, the doctor took bis depar ture, leaving Jack to. his reflections. Theso were of a mixed character, but were chiefly occupied, as might natur ally bo expected, with tho raco, tho bet with Miss Phillips, aud its possible re sults. As Jack, recumbent upon the drawing-room sofa, puffed away at his Havannah, which the doctor had per mitted him torosumo, ho could not help wouderiug whether Isabel, felt any real afFeotiou for him—whether she had ac cepted his wager in a spirit of bravado, and, in such a case, if ho had won (whioh he scarcely hoped) whether she would literally discharge the dobt; or, if he had lost tho race, whether ho might still hope to possess the precious stake he had presumptuously induced her to hazard. His reverie was inter ruptod by a servant bringing in a card, bearing the uatno of the object of bis thoughts; and, in response to Jack's dolighted mandate, the young lady iu question was speedily ushered into tho apartment, looking, if anything, moro lovoly, but a trifle moro demure, than on the morniug of tho Hunt Club raco. After Bomo onquirios respecting Mr. Van Arsdale's hoalth, which woro answered satisfactorily, Miss Phillips proceeded to say, in explanation of hor having seemingly overstepped tho bounds of conventionalism, that sho had been entrusted by Dr. ICilslow with a message to Mr. Van Arsdale, and also that she had a littlo matter of business to settle, which might as well bo doue at tho same timo, iu case (as sho mis chievously remarked) sho might not see him agnin, though, of courso (sho added), sho should not havo intruded tho lattor had not Dr. K. urgently re quested her to undertako tho former. 'I'm sure I feol immensely flattered, Miss Phillips, but I presumo tho mes sago which tho doctor gave you is simply whothor I won that confounded steeplechase or not. I don't know why ho didn't tell me himself, but since I am indobtnd to his rofusal for tlio honour of this visit, I no longer condemn him.' Isnbol bowed and observed, 'I am gliid, Air. Vnn Arsrlalo, that you have anticipated the subject of my communi cation, and trust that you will summon sufficient fortitude to learn that it is of an unfavourable character. Tou are aware that when you—got off your horse—ao hastily, it was in imthediato proximity to tlio winning-post, and had it been a question of man only, I be lieve you would have won by a short iieck—your own, supposing you had preserved it intact. I loarn, however, that tlio rules of the V.R.C. render it necessary for tlio ridor to bo accom panied by his horso, and, as you are aware, you were considerably in ad vance of your quadruped on the occa sion, the gentleman in blue and white won, through the fact of his horse geLting its bead past yours whilst the latter was engaged in making a cata pult of yoursolf. I learn from the doctor, however, that you are greatly troubled about the wager with myself, and one of tlio objects of my visit was to inform you that, as it appeared to bo of such great moment to you, and lam not in immediate want of a diamond ring, I shall have groat pleasure in letting you off (as the horso did) on the condition that you promise not to bet so oxtravagantly in the future.' 'Hang the diamond-ring, Miss Phillips —beg pardon—I mean I don't want to bo let off the bot; and Bella—liow can you trifle with a follow's feelings so— you know I wouldn't liavo let you off if I had won. I'm going to bo impu deut enough to ask you to pay mo, although I've lost. There's tlio ring, but this time, as I so noarly won nnd did got in first myself, if 1 did leave my horso behind mo,- you oughtn't to refuse ; especially, if you pay, you need never bet so extravagantly again.' Need wo give the answer ? Suffice it to say that at the next race meeting a superb diamond ring glittered on Mrs. Jack Van Arsodale's finger, and that rascal Jack tells his sporting friends how the most important wager he ever mado in liis lifo was both Lost axd Won. 