THE STAGE. With the exception of the meteoric re-appear ance of Hma de Murska, who has only come to leave a few radiant flashes of her bright genius behind, everything in theatrical and musical circles is of the slow slowest. It is true that there are signs and portents indicating clearly enough that when the pantomime carnival in honour of old Father Christmas is ended, when the mimics and jesters (save the mark !) have hung up their caps and bells, when fairies and goddesses shall have laid aside their magical powers, and again have taken the bread-and- cheese view of their normal positions in this earthly sphere ; when palaces, grottoes, bowers, and woodland scenes have been relegated to tbeir natural twelve months' dust and obscurity — we shall have a rare merry time of it with opera comedy and drama, but at pre- sentnobody but managers can feel thoroughly satisfied. The pantomimes at the Theatre Royal and the Opera-house continue their brief existences in a manner very pleasant to these said managers, who look forward with satisfaction — if managers ever do feel satisfied with anything — to good balance-sheets, and the prospect of half-yearly dividends to the sur prised shareholders, but decidedly irritating to theatre-going people, who hurl anathemas at the infernal pantomimes, pantomimes, nothing but pantomimes. It is of no avail — ( cui bono ? ) Keep your tempers and p ermit the gorgeous pantomimic butterflies to live their little lives ; they will soon merge into the transition and chrysalis state of drama and comedy, and then, ladies, you can once more dress in gorgeous raiment, and disport yourselves in dress-circles, and make play with your pretty arms and faces, and dart siren-like glances into the fans of De Fubbins and Pierre de la Foix, and other awfully nice fellows, whom your maters shield you from as much as possible, and whom you can't meet at theatres because you don't go now, on account of those dreadful pantomimes being on, etc. A little more patience, pretty ones, and ye shall live your lives all over again. lima de Murska s first concert since her return from Sydney was given on Saturday night at the Town-hall to a most brilliant and fashion able audience, including his Excellency the Governor and suite. The hall was crowded in every part, and there could have been little short of 3,000 people present. De Murska's most active and energetic business director, Signor de Vivo, had prepared a magnificent programme, and as. in addition to the great cantatrice, the list of artistes in cluded the names of Signori Rosnati and Giainmona, Mr. John Hill, K.S., R.AM., and Mr. Alfred Anderson, R.A.M. , there was sufficient warranty that the concert would, from a musical point, be a successful one. In this respect there was no disappointment, and as is usual at the De Murska entertainments, there was a very general expression that it was the finest ever given. Hma de Murska sang "Casta Diva," a lovely little serenade, " I arise from dreams of thee," composed by Shelley, and set to music by Mr. Charles Salamans, (an author of no slight reputation) ; a new waltz song, "Per Sempre" (for ever), written by Signor Giorza ; "Within a Mile of Edinboro' Toun;" "Quanto amore," from "L'Elisire d'Amore;" and "Amorsull' all rosee"("Tro- vatore ), to which were added the "Misere? e Chorus" and "Ah che la morte," both the latter being sung behind the curtain (the solo by Signor Rosnati). This last was unitedly a splendid piece of finished work ; the soprano and tenor voices were perfection, and the only slight drawback consisted in the chorus being a little too near. In the Town- hall, however, this could not be well avoided. Signor Rosnati has come back in splendid voice, and he was probably never heard to better advantage than on this occasion. Mattei's romance, "Non e ver," was his opening number, and then followed two selections from bis favourite author, Verdi, namely, " Di tu se fedele" ("UnBallo"), and " Questa o' quella per meparisono" (" Rigoletto"). Mr. John Hill's contributions on the violin were Sainton's souvenir " De Lucrezia Borgia," and a portion of De Beriot and Osborne's duet for piano and violin on airs from " William Tell" (Mr. Alfred Anderson at the piano). The selection from " Lucrezia Borgia" was the best, the " William Tell" number having been hurriedly substituted for a selection from " Lucia," which was announced on the bills ; but taken altogether there was a master like ease and finish about this part of the performance that should make us feel proud at having such a violinist as Mr. Hill amongst us. Signor Giammona's flute selos were subjects taken from " Lucia di Lammermoor," and " Linda di Cbamouni," and they were played with most beautiful sympathy between performer and subject. Signor Giainmona appeared on this occasion for the first time here as a singer, and took part with Mdlle. de Murska in the duet " Quanto Amore" from " L'Elisir d'Amore. " He has a moderate baritone voice, and uses it with some skill, but it did not compensate for the absence of Signor Susini, who was absent from illness, and who was to have sung the part. Mr. Alfred Anderson accompanied Mdlle. de Murska as pianist, Mr. John Hill doing the same kind .office for Signori Rosnati and Giainmona in their respective numbers. ,n Tuesday night the second concert of the series was given, the entire area of the Town -hall being occupied by a larger assemblage even than was present 011 Saturday night. On this occa sion lima, de Murska gave "Una voce" from " II Barbiere," the mad scene from "Hamlet " the famous Hungariau pastoral song (Doppler's'), Gounod's " Ave Maria," and "Comin' thro' the rye." V.'ant of space prevents me giving fuller description of the labours of the artists who took part in making this concert a splendid one, but suffice it to say that, with the exception of Mr. Alfred Anderson, who was not, owing to sudden indisposition, able to be present, every one did their share of the work in an excellent manner, and that the audience were amply satisfied with the splendid pro gramme provided for them. In accordance with announcements which appeared in the daily papers, an operatic matinee was given on Wednesday afternoon at the Theatre Royal, and the public were at last PTinlllpri t,n pnimr A vuv vuu ivug UCidJCU. iUtVOUIC U1 witnessing Hma de Murska in opera. Properly speaking, I should have said scenes from opera, the subjects chosen being the shadow scene from the second act of Meyer beer's " Dinorah," in which occurs the famous aria, " Ombra leggiera," (O tenderjshadow), and the mad scene from " Lucia di Lammermoor" — " H dolce suono. " The characters were rendered costume, and with the necessary scenic and or chestral accessories, and they were thus en dowed with as much realism as the exigencies of time, place, and short notice would admit. Almost as a matter of course the Theatre Royal was crowded from floor to ceiling. Nathiess the fact that it was mail day merchants, professional people, tradesmen, working men, and their respective wives and families, all found or made time and opportunity, at 3 p.m., with the thermometer at 90deg., to fill every seat in the house. Such a tribute to genius must gratify even a De Murska, because it means a profound, absolute recognition and acknowledgment of the possession by a woman of great and almost unrivalled gifts. It means a powerful expression of love for music as an art, and of admiration of one of its most able exponents ; and from these points of view it must have afforded the most unalloyed pleasure to Mdlle. de Murska. It is a very difficult matter to venture on a critical description of the capa- bilitities of the lady as an actress. We all know from a lyric point of view how great an artist she is, and numbers of us have heard her in the two selections in question at the Town-hall on various occasions, but when we are taken at a Douna into tne middle 01 tne iiDretti 01 two operas, which are in themselves such great studies, and only obtain brief glimpses of the artist whom we are to try and gauge, there is scarcely sufficient data wherewith to form an opinion. It will be recollected there is a similarity in the characters impersonated. Dinorah and Lucia both become insane through love disappoint ments. In the first case, however, it is a woman of the people— a peasant girl ; in the other, a lady of high rank. This fact was not lost sight of by the actress, and there was a carefully drawn line of demarcation in this respect. But in others very little was wanting, gesture, move ment, declamation, and all the attributes that denote a good actress were none lacking. Each and all were appropriate and very perfect, and left in the observer's mind a keener regret than ever that we cannot be afforded the pleasure of hearing this brilliant lady in fuR opera. The Fakir of Oolu still keeps possession of the boards of St. George's -hall, but he is only at- tracting moderate audiences, who are charmed with the beauty of the fountain and waterfall. The mesmeric suspension has, however, lost its novelty, and the ghost illusions are just a little monotonous, while the stupid jokes and worse conundrums of Leo are slightly painful. Some little change has taken place during the week, and, in lieu of the spectral pantomime, Dr. Syl- vester exhibits some magical and sleight-of-hand feats, which afford some additional variety. The arrest of Messrs. M'Donogh and Earn- shaw on the charge of stealing playbills, at the instance of Mr. Bennett, the Sydney theatrical manager, is, to say the least, a very peculiar proceeding. I presume no one doubts that the charge was trumped up, and was a mere pretence for detaining the defendants. Keeping a box of programmes four or five months old is surely a straining of the criminal law to its utmost capacity when it is used to arrest these men and place them in a dock as criminals. The magistrate very properly recognised this, and dismissed the case, and I am told that Mr. Bennett has not heard the last of what must be characterised as a vindictive and malignant action. We seem ve y unfortunate and un happy in our theatrical dealings with people. There was the Goddard imbroglio, in which, if I recollect rightly, the same Mr. Bennett figured conspicuously ; the De Murska business ; the attempt to prevent Ristori playing in the Town- hall ; and, lastly, the present case. It is hard to say who is to blame in these matters. The people who visit us cannot be always in the wrong, and if I were not sure that men of the Bennett stamp are happy in the possession of great souls and noble feelings, I should think there was petty jealousy because somebody came to the country and made a little money that the Bennetts did not get a share of. ADAGIO. 