DENILIQUIN [From a Correspondent.) I do not possess a graphic pen, but as I have ' never seen a Deniliquin correspondent in your pages, you, perhaps, may afford me a space occasionally until a better appear, and then I shall return to silence. I believe you would long since have had a correspondent in Deniliquin, but there was little here worth con- tributing to your journal. Some thirteen years ago a church was built here in what was then sup- posed would be the centre of Deniliquin, but time has decided the centre otherwise. This site is now on the extrame outskirts of the town, and is surrounded with water for at least three months in the year. The church then built was defective in design and faulty in structure, and a few year's left it a poor exhi- bition of "Catholic love for the house of God." Yet it was until about twelve months since the ne plus ultra of Catholic progress here. We have now commenced a new church, the founda- tion stone of which was blessed by Father Keating on Sunday the 15th instant, after the 11 o'clock Mass. The day was fine, and though no efforts were made to gather a large congre- gation, yet the attendance was fair. A learned and exhaustive sermon was preached by Father Keating, who took for his test : "This is my covenant with Thee, said the Lord of Hosts. my spirit that is in thee, and the words that I have put into thy mouth shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed from henceforth and forever," (Isaias, 59 chap. 28, v.) The reverend gentleman showed how the prophet had described the Passion and Death of the Messiah in the preceding chapters but in this he commenced the foundation of the Church and declared her privileges. The preacher pro- ceeded to explain and develop his text and showed from it that these promises were perpe-. tual, for God declares this to be his "everlasting covenant," and this promise to extend to the "Church's seed's seed henceforth and forever". He proved this promise still more inviolable be- cause confirmed by the oath of God Himself, who declares His sworn compact with His Church to be similar with that made to Noah. "This thing is to me, as in the days of Noah, to whom I swore I would no more bring in the waters of Noah upon the earth ; so have I sworn not to he angry with thee, nor rebuke thee, for the mountains shall be moved, and the hills shall tremble, but my words shall not depart from you, and the covenant of my peace shall not be moved. (Isaias chap. 54 )" The preacher declared these promises of the Holy Ghost to be made still more definitely and expressly by the Son of God whilst upon earth. In proof of which he cited several passages of the New Testament. He, in a very learned manner, explained from parallel passages of Scripture that the phrase "I am with you contained an assurance of success when, by mere human means, success was im- possible. He showed that such was the lan- guage used by God to Moses when sending him to Pharoah. Such the words used by God to Jeremiah when sending him to the Jewish people, and such the language used by God when sending forth the Apostles and appointing an apostolic ministry. His protecting and sus- taining hand is visible in every page of her chequered history ; chastising her when, in prosperity, her zeal had grown languid and her spirit enervated, but sustaining and bringing her out triumphant and glorious amidst the bloodiest persecutions. The reverend gentleman pro- ceeded to show that without even these promises we could know that God would preserve His Church "to the consummation of ages ." The end for which Christ established His Church was to enable us "to become perfect men," "to prevent our being tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine."(Ephesians, 4 ch.) As God in His providence ordained that his doctrine was to be preserved and preached in its purity to mankind by his Church, He would preserve his Church to fulfil her mission. In a touching manner he alluded to the necessity which only increases with time, and feelingly alluded to the great need there is just now of her "preserving and preaching her doctrine, and perfecting mankind." For the more efficient discharge of this mission, she has always erected temples, wherein her doctrine was preached and her sacraments administered. He said they had met that day to erect such a temple, where, apart from the turmoil of busy life, they might receive God's Sacraments and prepare their souls for the hour of death. But greater still is their need of a church. They had the faith with the strengrh characteristic of their race, find their hopes and desires now were to transmit it to their children. He would remind them that when their authority had passed away ; when their eyes were closed, and their tongues hushed in the silence of death, within these walls then would their children hear these lessons of faith and virtue. At the close of this appeals subscription list was opened and the sum of thirteen hundred pounds (£1300) received. The Catholic congregation of Denili- qnin does not exceed 120 persons, and they are, in wordly means, as poor as any such congregration in Australia. Taking their number and their means into consideration, and recollecting vhat they have erected and furnished a magnificent presbytery within the last eight months, I am safe in saying it was a success seldom equalled. It is but fair, however, to say that this success is entirely owing to our two priests, Fathers Keating aad O'Dvvyer. Their labours here for the last five months are simply incredible to any person not acquainted with then, and it will be a consolation to them now to see those labours crowned with such brilliant success. The church is the design of Mr. Brady, architect, Sandhurst. The nave and porch are the only portions to be built at present, and the contract has been accepted for £123. Thy nave alone is 31 feet by 61 feet, with brick walls, slated roof, windows, stained margins, and lead lights. 