MISCELLANEOUS. " Two little children, aged respectively 18 months and three years (the Riverine Herald says), were lost in the bush, near Jerilderie, on the 6th inst., under the following painful circumstances:—Mrs. I'ring, wife of a selector, went (owing to the absence of her husband)'to drive some sheep of the selec tion, her two little girls following her. She was only away about IS minutes from the children, and when she returned the youngest child was nowhere to be seen. Mrs. Pring returned to her home with the eldest girl, and placed her on the bed with a cup of milk, whilst she went to another selector's place to report the loss of her child. On this errand she was only away an hour, and when ehe returned the other child was missing, having left her home during her mother's absence. A large party weut from Jerilderie in search of the lost children, and found the body of the younpest girl on the bank of a creek three miles from where the child was last seen." .. A rather curious circumstance took place a few days since at Colac, through which Mrs. Barker, widow of the late Mr. D. Qarker, suddenly found herself the fortunate possessor of £20. The Colac Herald says that Mrs. Harker was engaged in brushing an old black coat, which the late Mr. Harker had not worn for about 19 or 20 years, when feeling something hard in the breast pocket, she examined it, and found a £10 note and two £5uotes. A. stupendous land swindle has just been discovered in South-Eastern Missouri. It appears that deeds to lands in Northern Ar kansas and South-Eastern Missouri have been forged for some years past, and that agencies for this work were established in Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, New York, and Manchester, England. It is estimated that deeds to over 32,000,000 acres of land have been disposed of, the valuation being 23,000,030 dol. to 33,000,000. The land operated upon is owned by non-residents, and, as the records were mostly destroyed during the war, the ring had every facility to cany out the enormous swindle. The deeds have been sold all over the United States and England. The grand jury of Shannon County, Missouri, have indicted Dr. Thomas K. Harmon, David S. Bingham, and James H. Lawton for complicity in the fraud, liawton seems to have been the leader of the swindlers, and operated exten sively in England. The last span of the Murray Bridge has been laid in position, and the fine river which Henry Kingsly is pleased to call a now"for the iirst .time spanned, by a suspension bridge at all worthy of it. The big swamp on the further shore has yet to be crossed; but the material for this work has not yet arrived: in the colony.—Ensign. The New South Wales Minister of Lands has stated in the Assembly that so soon as Victoria declares her sheep free from scab, the Government would take the necessary steps to establish a sheep quarantine station on the Murray. River at Albuiy. A shepherd named Robert Murray, 84 years of age, missing from Cavendish, has been found drowned in the Wannon. He had gone on horse back to look for a lost horse and got drunk whilst engaged in the j search. It is probable he was accidentally j drowned whilst in tins state. From the BaUarat Star we learn that at their annual session, lately held in that city, the Good Templars of "Victoria have resolved to compel the proper authorities to carry out to the letter the law relating to the trade in strong drink. The other day by a unanimous vote, they elected Dr. Macart ney as their standing counsel, with a view to further action. It is stated that the arrangements for the defence of Malta by means of torpedoes have now been rendered so complete by the War Office, that should it be necessary to withdraw all her Majesty's ships at any tame, the entire defensive system could be put into operation. The only requirements are a couple of steam launches, by which the torpedoes could be placed in position. The leaves of the gigantic waterlily known as the Victoria Regia, in the Botanic-garden at - Ghent, Graving"-attained' a remarkably large size^Mr. Van Hulle, the chief gar dener, recently undertook to determine their buoyant power. One leaf easily supported a child, and did not sink under a mm. Mr. Van Hulle then heaped bricks over its entire area, and found that before the leaf became submerged a weight of 761 lbs, was floated. A squatter, who has the reputation of ■being the wealthiest and the meanest man in the Riverine district, had news brought to him a few weeks ago that_ a number of free selectors from the Victorian side were oil his run looking out for land. Qe saddled an bid horsey took a roirnd, and came on the party from the rear just about sufidown. He explained to them what he was about, looking out'for a selection like themselves, but thatthere was nothing within a round of fifty mil es to suit. He was hospitably received, given a. goodeupper, of whicn he eat heartily, and a shake-down for the night. Before turning in he advised his new friends to put their horses and bullocks into a fenced pad dock where there was water. " Old ," said he, naming himself, "is a good fellow and never objects to accommodating travel lers. He'd be quite annoyed if you let your cattle stray about. But I must tether my own horse, as I have to be off the first thing in the morning." They took his advice, and went to sleep in peace, and when everything was quiet die squatter got up, rode away, and the nest morning the free selectors' horses and cattle were xon their way to a pound 100 miles distant. But on this occasion the old gentleman was too clever. The party had to remain so long on the ground waiting for their cattle that they t to be permanent neighbors of their disin terested adviser.—" Atticus" in Leader. A return published in the Government Gazette shows that during the quarter ended March 31, 29,167 sheep, 7,346 cattle, and 40 horses were imported into this colony from New South Wales; that 1,346 cattle were imported from Queensland; and that 463 sheep and 2,000 cattle were imported from Victoria. Two cases of brutal treatment on the part of police officers stationed in the northern districts of Queensland are of recent occur rence. In one instance a sub-inspector, for some., offence, ordered a gin to be tied up and flogged by one of his black troopers. The order was carried out and the woman flogged, the white officer, we believe looking on. Another white man, from an adjacent public house, witnessing this brutality had the manhood to protest in terms sufficiently strong to result in his being " hammered" by the officer with the help of a black trooper. Such is the story as it reaches us. We believe it is in effect true, and it cer tainly is a fact that the officer has since been dismissed from the service. In the second case, as reported to us, a young blackfellow suspected of intriguing with the women of a police camp, was by the orders of the officer in charge, arrested, manacled with handcuffs hands and feet, and flogged first by the officer, and afterwards by two of the troopers. It is stated that a riding whip and a leather saddle-girth were the weapons employed. The boy died two days after wards. The offender in this case has been arrested on a charge of murder.—Brisbane Courier. Thomas Reeves, a seaman, died at Port Adelaide on Monday, last, through being choked by piece of meat which he was eat ihg~for dinner. Attempts are being made to stock the Shoalhaven River with fish. The Yokohama (Japan) Herald relates a remarkable occurrence which shows that some of the Japanese have an extraordinaiy capacity for withstanding the effects of fiery potations. An Osaka man offered a prize to any one who would drink one sho—one quart, one pint, and one half gill—of a certain native liquor: about as strong as spirits of wine. A coolie per formed the feat, but he died the same day from the efiects of it. They buried him in a shallow, grave, and about midnight the next day the earth absorbed the liquor from, his well-soaked body, and he woke up from his debauch. Pushing off the light iBoil that covered him, he rose from his grave in a white shroud, and startled some robbers near, who were counting and dividing their money. They took the strange apparition for a ghost, and ran off in dismay. The coolie picked up the cash, and returned to his wife the same night, a sadder but a Jar richer man than he was before his spree. The reprint of the Times' annual summaries for the last quarter of a century is a marvel in other respects than of cheapness and interest. A volume of 590 pages, it was set in type by lads working at two composing machines, and keeping up the rate 2,750 lines a day, they accomplished the task in ten days of eight hours each. The book was printed from stereotype plates in per fected sheets, each containing 128 pages, which were thrown off from the Walter press at the rate of 12,000 an hour. A considerable sensation prevails in the neighborhood ofMacarthur owing to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which has been seen by several persons on the estate of Mr. Carmichael, at fiarton Hills. It appears that four men, working at a job of fencing, were camped about two miles from the head station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights 'ago by seeing a figure, draped in white, stalking backwards and forwards in the moonlight. Sofright ened were they, that they beat a retreat ; thestation, and communicated the par-< ticulars to Mr. Towart, the overseer, whilst: a dog they had with them participated in the alarm, and ran away howling piteously. Next night a party of eight, including a policeman from the township; bivouacked in the haunted spot, and five of them were rewarded by getting a sight of the ghost. Tradition states that the locality in question was, many years ago, the scene of a fatal affray between the early settlers and the aboriginals, and that in these encounters the blacks came off second best. Of course, the supposition is that one of the natives so dis posed of has "jumped up whitefellow"in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment of the fencing partv by his " counterfeit presentment I" It should be mentioned that the ghost has already one casualty to answer for, inasmuch as one of the intended interviewists, in his hurry to get a sight of the apparition, was thrown from his horse and broke his leg.— Spectator. The combined capital of the Rothschild is stated by Emile Burnouf, the well- known publicist, to have attained in the past year to the almost incalculable sum of seventeen billions of francs, or $3,400,000,000. The significance of these stupendous figures, says the New York San, may be rudely con ceived in comparison, but there is nothing in the history of private wealth with which they can be compared. The capital of the Barings, the estates of Lord Dudley, the Marquis of Bute, and the head of the family of Grosvenor, belong relatively to a humble category, to which the city of New York has contributed the fortunes of Astor, Vanderbilt and Stewart. The finnnw>1 resources attributed to the Rothschilds can best be measured by contrasting them with the funded debts of the richest countries on the globe. The capital of this house, as estimated by Mr. Burnouf, is about equal to the whole funded debt of Great Britain, or that of France, and considerably exceeds! the national debt of the United States. A I single century, or the: possible- span of one ! man's life, has sufficed for the accumulation of this fortune, and the- rise of its authors from a shabby rookery in Frankfort to the financial domination of Europe. At the period of Rothschild's first decisive triumph on the London Exchange—the day after Waterloo, just sixty years ago—John Jacob Astor was already a rich man. The great fortune "which the latter bequeathed is not believed to exceed at present fifty millions of dollars, while the inheritance of his Hebrew contemporary has been swollen to more than sixty times that sum. Ghinn, the bank clerk who received a sen tence of eighteen months' imprisonment some seven months ago for the robbery of upwards of £2,000, has just been set at liberty, doubtless owing to the highly honor able conduct of his father in giving him up to justice and making good the stolen notes. A firm in Treves, Germany, manufactures fire-bricks of refuse tan just as it is taken from the pits. They are made in a simple manner, without special apparatus, and with- | out being baked, and are said to almost equal j the best stone-coal in flame*, duration, and j heating power. They appear to be nothing j more nor less than dry tan saturated with j gas tar. They are very heavy, and where ] broken the fracture is a brilliant black, j They burn at first with a bright flame, i which gradually slackens, and at last they i burn dead like coke. Up to the end of 1875,' 10,849,942 acres ot Crown land had been alienated in Victoria— 6,481,204 acres by auction, and 10,364,739 by selection. The area available for selec tion on the 1st January last was 13,936,965 acres. We learn that an addition has been made to our list of preserved foods, by the' intro duction into Germany of a new sydtem of drying eggs. A " condensed egg factory" has been started at Passau, and as Messrs. John M'Call and Go., 137 Houndsditch, have been appointed English agents to the German firm, weshall) no doubt, soon have large quantities of preserved eggs in the market. The new process of preservation has for its object the drying and reduction to a fine powder of the entire egg.—Agri cultural Gazette. A curious scene took place in a Northum brian Church on December 26. A Presbyterian congregation on the northern border of Northumberland were surprised to see their minister ascend the pulpit and commence to conduct the services with his bat on. When the circumstance was pointed out to him, the rev. gentleman merely remaiked that he had a cold. Taking for his text, " Be not carried away by every wind of doctrine," he reminded his hearers that his manse was in bad repair, and was not able to withstand the winds that pre vailed. A movement was recently set on foot for the erection of a new manse, but had come to a standstill, the congregation not going very heartily into the scheme. A somewhat stormy meeting of the session was held after the services. Thirteen Sisters tir pbarity^ who arrived from England recently, were received at the Bathurst Convent on the 7th instant with much cerepiony. A Queensland journal says:—It has been apparent to the thinking and observing popu lation of the colony for some time that immigration has reached a position when its abolition is necessary for a period, and that a continuation of it will only increase the inevitable weakness produced by a surplus population. A correspondent writing from Port Curtis to the Town and Country says:— The country everywhere is beautifully verdant, and feed for cattle is plentiful; water also is in good supply. Cattle are everywhere looking well, but are increasing too rapidly for the demand, and prices in consequence are getting -easier, and are ex pected to become increasingly so. One thing tending in this, direction is the droughty state of the western country, which is ckecking speculation very con siderably, as largedrafts of store cattle were intended for the interior, which it. is now thought hazardous to send. A Melbourne protectionist journal says : —If New South Wales may be regarded as the most advanced free trade community in this part of the world, then Albury must be looked upon as, par excellence, that portion of the sister colony which most appreciated, and was supposed to be most benefitted thereby. To judge, however, by results, it can scarcely be considered satisfactoiy, for the local paper thus writes:—" It is of no use to attempt any concealment of the fact that business in Albury just now is in a very critical condition. Within the past few months several traders occupying pro minent positjoasj doing an . extensive and seemingly profitable business, have been obliged to plead inability to meet their en gagements; and even during the current fortnight some others have been forced to compromise with.their creditors." Furtherofficial; reports from Queensland hufldred tu^ reirenuiig to Gooktown to bum the Herald office.' Serious riots are expected. At Palmer there is great distress prevalent amongst the miners. The shock of an earthquake was felt at Stockyard Creek, Victoria, on Friday night last. ^ To destroy the weevil in seeds an ex perienced seedsman says:—" Very often in the spring I have noticed that the peas, beans, &c.;, for sale ini the stores for seed were worm eaten. Inmany cases the seeds were so eaten as to be- nselessfor seed. The worm, and even the egg, may be easily de stroyed by the bisulphide of carbon, a colorless, volatile liquid having an odor like that of rotten eggs. If the barrel con taining the seed is not quite full, moisten a piece of cloth with the liquor, lay it on the seeds, and cover the barrel with an" old horse blanket. The flavor of the bisulphide will sink down among the seed 'and destroy all animal life. The seeds themselves, will not be injured. Two or three ounces will will be enough for half a dozen barrels. The liquor is used in ^Europe to destroy the weevil in wheat." [ The petition of the women of Utah, the Daily News says, is a document calculated to put to a somewhat severe strain that principle of individual liberty which Wilhelm von Humboldt laid down so distinctly, and which Mr. Mill adopted. The woman of Utah, to the number, it is stated, of nearly 23,000, have sent in a memorial to Congress praying for the repeal of all legislation against polygamy, and the admission of Utah as a State of the Union. They appeal, in support of their claim, to the declaration contained in the constitution, that" Congress shall make no law respect ing an establishment of religion, or in prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In the name of the rightof conscience they demand that no law shall tie passed " that shall in any way confliet'ior interfere with the belief in and practice of plural marriage as it is practised by many, of the citizens of Utah, and which most'of ybur petitioners have adopted as a portion of their religious faith, in all sincerity believing it to be necessary, not only in remedying evils and providing good in our present existence, but that without it man cannot hereafter attain to a fulness of exaltation;" From a telegram received by Mr. E. W. Pitts, we (Advertiser)le&rn; that Mr. C. B. Fisher lias taken the following prizesj for merino wool at the Intercolonial Wool Show at Sydney, opened on Tuesday:— First prize, 6 fleeces, rams, greasy; first prize, 6 fleeces, ewes, greasy f second, prize, 6 fleeces, rams, hoggetts,greasy- The-above fleeces are from sheep to be 6old at Hill River at the forthcoming sale. A correspondent at Hillston, Lachlan dis trict, sends us the following extraordinary statement:—" A peculiar lisus naturae was discovered during this week in the stomach of a cod-fish which was caught in the Lach lan river by a man with a book. The fish weighed fully 6 lbs, and after the head had been cut off it continued to wriggle about in a surprising manner. On opening it what appeared to be the foetus of an animal re sembling a lamb was found alive attached to the umbilical cord to the fish, and sur mounted by clusters of ova. The animal had four feet, tail, ears, &c.;, in fact was a peifect animal, with all the features of a lamb. The mystery is how it came there If swallowed by the fish, how was it that it had not passed through the usual process of' digestion. This freak of nature has been preserved, and the curious can see it on ap plication to Mr. G. Clements, Hillston.— Town and Country, "Mr. Andrew Dillon, of the Sydney Hand ball Club, has challenged Mr.. Langham, champion of Victoria, to a handball con test for,£100 or £200 a side. The chair lenge is extended to any person in the Aus tralian colonies. Duringalate thunderstorm at Castlemaine a vase of wax flowers on a table fronting a window was affected by the lightning curiously. Notwithstanding the flowers were protected by a glass-shade, the wax was melted into a shapeless mass, the vase was shivered to atoms, and the glass cracked. " A curious discovery has been acci dentally made near Soochow," says a recent Hongkong paper. " About 10 li from the city there is a mountain called the Yang shang, famous for its stone. There are ex tensive quarries, whence a species of granite is obtained, which is used for monuments, tombstones, and such-like purposes, and a considerable number of workmen are em ployed in digging it out. As a gang were engaged on a certain part of the mountain, they noticed that their blows sounded hol low, and in a short time a huge block of stone was suddenly dislodged which fell with a thundering noise into the interior of the mountain, disclosing a large hollow space. The workmen proceeded cautiously to investigate the chasm, and found distinct traces of the subterranean passage, in which were the remains of houses. Further ex plorations were then made, and the houses were found to contain various articles of domestic furniture, among which were some spittoons of porcelain and brass, of elaborate workmanship, and great age. They were subsequently identified as belonging to the Han dynasty; those of earthenware were crushed by the falling stone, but the metal ones have been preserved. The houses— we use the word for want of a better—are, of course, in an advanced state of decay, but the golden nails which still rivet the rotten planks together, hint at the riches which may yet be found. Some years ago a similar discovery was made ataplace called Weitling, in the same neighborhood, and some most ela borate istone coffins were unearthed, shrined in subterranean structures o richly-carved wood covered with scarlet lacquer. These, indeed, were of uuch more ancient date than those recently laid bare, the inscription being nearly 3,000 years old, thus reaching back to the times of Confucius and bearing the characters of the Chow dynasty." 