HIDDEN SPRINGS.— No. 2. mise, I renew my hydro- iPSr ntf\ graphic sketches, and wS?V \ treat you this week to pc'reiariial springy whose I 1 wi('Z/c of liuman kindness— w" fct | I aj,.'/!, ever meet the eye, and . — W, — i '1 V J fall surprisingly on the vhv , "Yj, jM/ ,,, 1 1 \jy> irL f ear of the traveller as he jUStSpc vJ hM \M i roams the vast Sydney i 1' 1 JC wilds. It is a real crystal « ' — a gem of the first water — in fact, what my friend ProfessorLiversidge would call, in the language of geology, a Glassite. Like the " Wazir-Beg" spring, the Buchanan fount distributes his favours and blessings— save the mark !— in five distinct channels— Journalist, Member of the Sons of Temperance, Divorce-cum-Communism Advocate— David— for after the royal psalmist his happy parents named him— enlightens the world in general, and the Western Gold-fields in particular, with the gushings of his eloquence, and the bubblings of his fertile brain. In the classic halls, too, of the House of Palaver, he confers inestimable benefits on the great and small of the community by the exercise of his immense and .unsurpassed legislative faculty. If anything befell poor David, how sadly we should feel as our eye roved over the "reports" — Parliamentary of course, caro mio, not police ditto — to seek in vain for the well-known name ! With what tearful eyes would we gaze on that bench, where he was wont to " lay like a warrior taking his rest " with his comrades snoring around him ! Fancy Parkes murmuring gently, with a pathos that only an author of " Stolen Moments " could give — " Thou art gone from my gaze like a beautiful dream ! " Fancy Dibbs, too, pro phetically, and in ghost-like tones, delivering the first three lines of the " forsan et Juec," and slyly telling John Davies that it was the awful sentence in which Cassandra foretold the destruction of Sen nacherib when Cicero was banished by the French ! It would be vain to form any conjecture as to his opinions on public affairs, for they are vawe-like, semper mutabile. We might j venture to assert, judging from a few facts in the past career of this great statesman, that he advocates Nature's laws in their purity. He has a decided aversion. to police magistrates — perhaps, also, to police men. He would impose a heavy tax on razors, and would fine every man over twenty-one years who could not unite the ends of his i whiskers between his teeth— in fact, he cannot endure a bare- faced man. His political history is written in the annals of this country. His orations combine in them the simplicity of Lucas, the fervour of McElhone, the classical quaintness of John Davies, and will serve as models for future generations. Though quite content to sit in the House of Palaver, he has the strongest objections to sitting down. Now, Punch, is he not unhidden spring ? There is among them the — soap— and water of life, and the people knew it not ! ! ! Yours, friend of my soul, sempiternally, The (E) Ambling Arab. 