,. THE SHORE SEARCHER. , We / were lately .told an amusing story about a Fort-William man who lived some fifty years ago, and was, in his-day, a great Rhore-searcher after storms,. incitedtheretb3not exactly in the interests of science, ; but by 1 more mundane''aiid' prosaic considerations. Summer and winter, allthe year round, he searched the shores (BhVdh e g'iar raidk ran cladaichdn, was the phrase) of Achintore and Drumarbin after every gale of wind, wandering ghost like in the grey-dawn by the margin of the sea, and diligently picking up every conceivable ar ti cl e of/?o tsam and jetsam that came in his way. A Drumarbin man who ha.d lost some oars in a storm, and suspected that the Fort-William shore-searcher, bad found and kept them, determined on reprisal, and in hope of curing, him of such shabby speculations, to give him a good fright, which could be done, the more easily, as the shore-searcher was a nervous, timid creature, brimful of belief in apparitions, ghosts, and ghost stories of the wildest and most improbable character. Getting up one morning after a storm, the Druraarbin man put ona pair.''ofnew shoes/anS slipping to the shore unobserved by the wrecker, whom he could see wandering along the beach, as was bis custom in the grey day- break, he lay'down ' at length on the shingle, and covered his head and body down, to bis ankles with the drift-ware that bad been cast up by the storm. All he left exposed was his feet, on which we have said there was a pair of good, substantial new shoes. Meanwhile the,;" wrecker" was advanc ing along the beach, carefully search, ing about, and stooping from time to time, oyster-catcher or curlew-wise, in order to pick up such;Wdifs and strays ,as. he;>fancied worth the while. - At; last he reached the recumbent and sea ware-covered[ Drumarbin man., The shoes at once caught his eye, and as.hie gazed wistfully on .what he considered the most fortunate and valuable jetsam that had fallen to his luck for a long time, he.was heard to soliloquise, " A drowned man! Poor fellow; but he has good shoes on, and as he can have no more use for them, I may as well take them now as anybody else later in the day." No sooner said then done. Throwing down his bundle of gather ings, he pulled the shoes evenly and steadily off the supposed "body's" feet, and was moving away with them, when a smothered sepulchral voice from under! the sea-ware struck his ear-an ear painfully acute under the circumstances. " Gabh mo chomhairl' 's f&g; na brogan sin'."-Take my advice and leave these shoes alone! At the same time lie saw the mass of driftweed heaving and moving. Drop-, ping the shoes as if they bad suddenly become each a mass of red-hot iron in his hand, he started off with a yell that frightened the sea-birds all the.way to Camus-na-Gale, and ran'a terrible race without once halting or looking over his shoulder till, penitent and breathless, he reach bis own fireside. He was completely cured of shore wandering, for, as our-informant told us, he soon after sickened and took to his bed. from whinli ha nevor rnsn again. Nether Lochaber Correspondent. of Inverness Courier. 