THE LOURDES FOLLY. This, parallel with- spiritism, presents the most unblushing parading of ' superstition : the most infatuated. On Sunday, and Monday last crnnd festivals / wore held at Lourdcs.. The consecration, of the Basilican Church took place- in the presenoe of thirty-five archbishops and bishops. Eloquent -; discourses -were delivered by the ex-Bishop of Geneva, Mcrmillod, and the Bishop of Poietiers. The coronation of the Virgin was performed by/ the Papal Nuncio. ; / According to the Univcrs, a hundred 'thousand ' pilgrims were present in ordcr to obtain ' the Pa pal benediction. 'The crown thus solemnly placed on the head of the statue of the Virgin - cost no less a sum than £12,000 ! 'The Arch bishop of Rodez has well expounded the- Mari- <" olatry which is now so rife : — " Mary possesses and unites - in herself -all possible perfections — perfection in joy, perfec tion in sorrow. Bile . lias appeared , to our . humanity as its most heautiful., model -and: as the most pure exhibition of tho possibilities of its development. . . :.- Remember that it is- riot for herself alone that this new -Esther- is: . seated on the right hand of the King. . ; : Bhe has- gone before us to prepare oui- place, and one grand intention of her exaltation to this lofty eminence is to attract ns to the same celestial elevation." It is said that Bernadetto Soubirons, the young shepherdess to whom our Lady of Lourdes appeared in the now too famous grotto , to which myriads of pilgrims are (locking, has . lately died in the convent at Ne vers. She, was cloistered there as a reliijicnse, and any recanta tion of her story or recovery from her hallucina- tion was non-likely to bo divulged.- The instru- ment of the promuliiatimi-of the miracle: is dead, hut the results of the supernatural visita tion are likely to survive in full vigour for awhile. In illustration of the life and growth v of this mania, it may be stated that the verit able history of- the " Appnrition " (which re minds us of tho celebrated ghost story invented hv Defoe) lias just reached its eighty-sixth ' edition— rather more than one edition1 per' month since its first publication. The author, M. Henri Lasseere, has no cause to complain of the folly of mankind, as many writers do. Pat.meu-stkeet School.— The annual concert in aiu of a fund for providing prizes ; for : the pupils attending Palmer-street soho'il came- off on Thursday night, 21st December, in the schoolroom; Mr. David M'Beatli.'j.P.y. occu pied the chair. The programme was -very - attractive,- the first part consisting /of sacred / .pieces, 'and the second of secular, and-was ren-'- dered by the juvenile choir (who 'acquitted themselves-in a manner which reflected no little/ credit upon Mr. M'Cormick,: their, teacher; ; as well as spoke well of their own aptitude at loarning), assisted by .'the "church choir, -'by / Misses Martin aiul Gilberthorpe, Mr. James Godfrey, and other gentlemen, who are -too .well known -as talented vocalists to, require further : mention./- Mr. vV. J. Allen also gave a/recita- ; tion. It was on the whole a very pleasing en- tertainment, and, although i tolerably well attended, was deserving of a much more ex tended support. A lady ; amateur acted. pis accompanist, and the. whole was: - under -ijUie,. direction of Mr. M'Cormick. .Hadod 