JOHN MARCHMONT'S LEGACY. CHAPTER I. THE MAX WITH THE BAXXER. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY's SECRET," "ELEANOR'S VICTORY," &C;,, &C.; The history of Edward Arundel, second son of Christopher Arundel Dangerfield Arundel, of Dangerfield Park, Devonshire, begau on a certain dark winter's night upon which the lad, still a schoolboy, went with his cousin, Martin Mostyn, to witness a blank-verse tragedy at one of the London theatres. There are few men who, looking back at the long story of their lives, cannot point to one page in the record of the past at which the actual history of life began. The page may come in the very middle of the book, perhaps; perhaps almost at the end. But, let it come where it will, it is, after all, only the actual commencement. At an appointed hour in man's existence, the overture which has been going on ever since he was born is brought to a sudden close by the sharp vibration of the prompter's signal-bell; the curtain rises, and the drama of life begins. Very insignificant sometimes are the first scenes of the play, commonplace, trite, wearisome; but watch them closely, and interwoven with every word, dimly recognizable in every action, may be seen the awful mcchanism of Destiny, The story lias begun: alread3 r we, the spectators, can make vague guesses at the plot, and predicate the solemn climax. It is only the actors who are ignorant of the meaning of their several parts, and who are stupidly reckless of the obvious catastrophe. The story of young Arandel's life began when he was a light-hearted, heedless lad of seventeen, newly escaped for a brief interval from the care of his pastors and masters. The lad had come to London on a Christmas visit to his father's sister, a worldly- minded widow, with a great many sons and daughters, and an income only large enough to enable her to keej) up the appearance of wealth essential to the family pride of cue of the Arnndcls of Daugerfield. Laura Arundel had married a Colonel Mostyn, of the East India Company's service, and had returned from India after a wandering life of some years, leaving her dead husband behind her, and bringing away with her five daughters and three sons, most of whom had been born under canvas. Sirs. Mostyn bore her troubles bravely, aud contrived to do more with her pension, and an additional income of four hundred a year from a small fortune of her own, than the mo^J; consummate womanly management can often achieve. Her house in Montague-square was elegantly furnished, her daughters were exquisitely dressed, her sons sensibly educated, her dinners well coolced. She was not an agreeable woman; she was perhaps, if anything, too sensible,—so very sensible as to be obviously intolerant of anything like folly in others. She was a good mother; but by no means an indulgent one. She expected her sons to succeed in life, and her daughters to marry rich men ; and would have had little patience with any disappointment in either of these reasonable expectations. She was attached to her brother Christopher Arundel, and she was very well pleased to spend the autumn months at Dangerfield, where the hunting-breakfasts gave her daughters an excellent platform for the exhibition of charming demi-toilettes and social and domestic graces, perhaps more dangerous to the susceptible hearts of rich young squires than the fascinations of a raise a deux temps or ail Italian 311:1. But the same Mrs. Mostyn, who never forgot to keep up her correspondence with the owner of Dangerfield Park, utterly ignored the existence of another brother, a certain Hubert Arundel, who had, perhaps, much more need of her sisterly friendship tlian the wealthy Devonshire squire. Heaven knows, the world set'ined a lonely piace to this younger sou, who had been educated for the Church, and was fain to content himself with a scanty living in ono. of the dullest and damprst towns in fenny Lincolnshire. His sister might have very easily made life much more pleasant to the Rector of Swampington and his only daughter; but Hubert Arundel was a great deal too proud to remind her of this. If Mrs. Mostyn chose to forget him,—the brother and sister had been loving friends and dear companions long ago, under the beeches at Dangerfield,—she was welcome to do so. She was better olf than he was; and it is to be rcmaikcd, that if A's income is throe hundred a year, aud li's a thousand, the chances are as seven to three that B will forget any old intimacy that may have existed between himself and A. Hul>ert Arundel had been wild at college, and had put bis autograph across so many oblong slips of blue paper, acknowledging value received that had been only half received, that by the time the claims of all the holders of these portentous morsels of stamped paper had been satisfied, the younger son's fortune had melted away, leaving its sometime possessor the happy owner of a pair of pointers, a couple of guns by crack makers, a good many foils, single-sticks, boxing-gloves, wire masks, basket helmets, leathern leg-guards, and other paraphernalia, a complete set of the old Sport in >f Magazine, from 1792 to the current year, bound in scarlet morocco, several boxes of very bad cigars, a Scotch terrier, and a pipe of undrinkable port. Of all these possessions, only the undrinkable port now remained to show that Hubert Arundel had once possessed a younger son's portion, and had succeeded most admirably in making ducks and drakes ol it. The poor about Swampington believed in the sweet red wine, which had been specially concocted for Israelitisli dealers in jewelry, cigars, pictures, wines, and specie. The Rector's pensioners smacked their lips over the mysterious liquid, and confidently affirmed that it did them more good than all the doctor's stuff the parish apothecary coidd send them. Poor Hubert Arundel was well content to find that at least this scanty crop of corn had grown, up from the wild oats he had sown at Cambridge. The wine pleased the poor creatures who drank it, and was scarcely likely to do them any harm; and there was a reasonable prospect that the last bottle would by-aud-by pass out of the rectory cellars, and with it the last token of that bitterly regretted past. It may be that Hubert Aruudel felt the sting of his sister's neglect, as only a poor and proud man can feel such an insult; but he never let any confession of this sentimentescape his lips; and when Mrs. Mostyn, being seized with a fancy for doing this forgotten brother a service, wrote him a letter of insolent advice, winding up with an offer to procure his only child a situation as nursery governess, the Rector of Swampington only crushed the missive in his strong hand, and flung it into his study fire, with a muttered exclamation that sounded terribly like au oath. " A nursery governess!" he repeated, savagely; " yes ; an underpaid drudge, to teach children their A U C, and mend their frocks and make their pinafores. I should like Mrs. Mostyn to talk to my little Livy for half an hour. I think my girl would have put the lady down so completely by the end of that time, that we should never hear any more about nursery governesses." He laughed bitterly as lie repeated the obnoxious phrase ; but his laugh cliauged to a sigh. Was it strange that the father should sigh as he remembered how he had seen the awful hand of death fall suddenly upon younger and stronger men than himself? "What if ho were to die, and leave his only child unmarried ? What would become of her, with her dangerous gifts, with her fatal dowry of beauty and intellect and pride 1 " But she would never do anything, wrong," the father thought. " Her religious principles are strong enough to keep hor right under any circumstances, in spite of any temptation. Her sense of duty is more powerful than any other sentiment She would never bo false to that; she would never be false to that" . In,return "for the hospitality of Dangerfield \ Park, Mrs. Mostyn was in the habit of opening licr doors to either Christopher Arundel or. his sons, whenever any one of the three came to London.' Of course, she infinitely preferred to see Arthur Arundel, the older son and heir, seated at her well-spread table, and flirting with one of his pretty cousins, than to bo bored by the prosence of his rackety younger brother^ a noisy lad of seventeen, with no better prospect than a commission in her Majesty's service, and a hundred and fifty pounds a year to eke out his pay ; but she was, notwithstanding, graciously pleased to invite Edward to spend his Christmas holidays in her comfortable household; and it was thus it came to pass that on the 29 th of December, in the year 1838, the story of Edward Arundel's life began in a stage-box at Drury Lane Theatre. The box had been sent to Mrs. Mostyn by the fashionable editor of a fashionable newspaper ; but that lady and her daughters being previously engaged, had permitted the two boys to avail themselves of the editorial privilege. The tragedy was the dull production of a distinguished literary amateur, and oven tho great actor who played the principal character could not make the performance particularly enlivening. He certainly failed in impressing Sir. Edward Arundel, who flung himself back in his chair and yawned dolefully during the earlier part of the entertainment. " It ain't particularly jolly, is it, Martin ?" he said naively. " Let's go out and have some oysters, and come in again just before the pantomime begins." "Mamma made me promise that we wouldn't leave the theatre till we left for good, Ned," his cousin answered ; " and then we're to go straight home in a cab." Edward Arundel sighed. " I wish we hadn't come till half-price, old fellow," he said, drearily. " If I'd known it was to be a tragedy, I wouldn't have come away from the Square in such a hurry. I wonder why people write tragedies, when nobody likes them." He turned his back to the stage, and folded his arms upon the velvet cushion of the box preparatory to indulging himself in a deliberate inspection of the audience. Perhaps no brighter face looked upward that night towards the glare and glitter of the great chandelier than that of the fair-haired lad in the stage-box. His candid blue eyes beamed with a fairer radiance than any of the myriad lights in the theatre ; a nimbus of golden hair shone about liis broad white forehead; glowing health, careless happiness, truth, good-nature, honesty, boyish vivacity, and the courage of a young lion,—all were expressed in the fearless smile, the frank yet half- defiant gaze. Above all, this lad of seventeen looked especially what he was,—a thorough gentleman. Martin Mostyn was prim and effeminate, precociously tired of life, precociously indifferent to everything but his own advantage; but the Devonsliire boy's talk was still fragrant with the fresh perfume of youth and innocence, still gay •with the joyous recklessness of early boyhood. He was as impatient for the noisy pantomime overture, and the bright troops of fairies in petticoats of spangled muslin, as the most in venerate cockney cooling his snub-nose against the iron railing of the gallery. He was as ready to fall in love with the painted beauty of the ill-paid balletgirls, as the veriest child in the wide circle of humanity about him. Fresh, untainted, unsuspicious, ho looked out at the world, ready to believe in everything and everybody. " How you do fidget, Edward !" whispered Martin Mostyn, peevishly; " why don't you look at the stage ? It's capital fun." " Fun!" "Yes; I don't mean tho tragedy, you know, but the supor-numeraries. Did you over see such an awkward set of fellows in all your life? There's a man there with weak legs aud a heavy banner, that I've been watching all the evening. He's more fun than all the rest of it put together." Mr. Mostyn, being of course much too polite to point out the man in question, indicated him with a twitch of his light eyebrows; and Edward Arundel, following that indication, singled out the banner-holder from a group of soldiers in inediajval dress, who had been standing wearily enough upon one side-of the stag; during a long, strictly private and confidential dialogue between the princely hero of the tragedy and one of liis accommodating satellites. The lad uttered a cry of surprise as he looked at tho weak-legged banner-holder. Mr. Mostyn turned upon his cousin with some vexation. * " I can't help it, Martin," exclaimed young Aruudel; "I can't be mistaken—yes—ppor fellow, to think that he should come to this! —you. haven't forgotten him, Martin siirely,?" «Forgotten what—forgotten whom? My dear Edward, what do you moan!" " John Marchmont, tho poor follow who used to teach us mathematics at Vernon's; tho follow the governor sacked because " "Woll, what of him f "Tho poor chap with tho banner!" exclaimed tho boy, iu a breathless whisper; " don't you see, Martin ? didn't you recognize him? It's Marchmont, poor old Marchmont, that wo used to chaff, and that the governor sacked because he had a constitutional cough, and wasn't strong enough for his work." "Oil, yes, I remember him well enough," Mr. Mostyn answered, indifferently. "Nobody could stand liis cough, you know ; and he was a vulgar fellow, into the bargain." "He wasn't a vulgar follow," said Edward, indignantly; "there, there's the curtain down again;—ho belonged to a good family in Lincolnshire, and was heir presumptive to a stunning fortune, I've hoard him say so twenty times." Martin. Mostyn did not attempt to repress an involuntary sneer, which curled his lips as his cousin spoke. " Ob, I dare say you've heard liim say so, my dear boy," he murmured, superciliously. " All, and it was true," cried Edward ; ho wasn't a fellow to toll lies; perhaps he'd have suited Mr. Vernon bettor if he had been. lie had bad health, and was weak, and all that sort of thing; but he wasn't a sncb. lie showed mo a signet-ring once that ho used to wear on his watch-chain " "A silver watch-chain," simpered Mr. Mostyn, "just liko a carpenter's." " Don't be such a supercilious cad, Martin. Ho was very kind to me, poor Marchmont; and I know I was always a nuisance to him, poor old fellow; for you know I never could get on with Euclid. I'm sorry to see him here. Think, Martin, what an occupation for him! I don't suppose begets more than nine or ten shillings a week for it." "A shilling a night is, I believe, the ordinary remuneration of a stage-soldier. They pay as much for tho real thing as for tho sham, you see; the defenders of our country risk their lives for about the same consideration. Where are you going, Nedt" Edward Arundel had left his place, and was trying to undo the door of the box. To see if I can get at this poor fellow." " You persist in declaring, then, that the man with tho weak legs is our old mathematical drudge f Well, I shouldn't wonder. The fellow was coughing all through the five acts, and that's uncommonly like Marchmont. You're surely not going to renew your acquaintance with him?" Young Arundel had just succeedcd in opening the door, and he left the box without waiting to answer his cousin's question. He made his way very rapidly out of the theatre, and fought manfully through the crowd of halfprice playgoers waiting about tho pit and gallery doors, until he found himself at the stage-entrance. He had often looked with reverent wonder at the dark portal; but he had never before essayed to cross the sacred threshold. The guardian of the gate of this theatrical paradise, inhabited by fairies at a guinea a week, and baronial retainers at a shilling a night, is ordinarily a very inflexible individual, not to be corrupted by any mortal persuasion, and scarcely corruptible by the more potent influence of gold or silver. Poor Edward's half-a-crown had no effect whatever upon the stern door-keeper, who thanked him for his donation, but told him that it was against his orders to let anybody go up-stairs. "But I want to see some one so particularly," tho boy said, eagerly. " Don't you think you could manage it for mo, you know ? He's an old friend of mine,'—one of tho supemu— what's-its-nanies ?" added Edward, stumbling over the word. "Ho carried a banner in the tragedy, you know; and he's got such an awful cough, poor chap." " Ze man who garried zo panner vith a gough," said tho doorkeeper, reflectively—he was an elderly German, and had kept guard at that classic doorway for half a century or so— " to you bean Parting Cheremiah?" " Barking Jeremiah ?" "Yes, zir. Zey gall him Parking pocause he's berbetually gougliin' his poor veag head off; aud zey call him Choremiali pocause he's alvays belangholy." "Oh, do let mo see liim?" cried Mr. Edward Arundel. " I know you can manage it: so do, that's a good fellow. I tell you lio's a friend of mine, and quite a gentleman too. Bless you, there isn't a move in mathomatics he isn't up to ; and he'll come into a fortune some of these days " " Yaase," interrupted tho door-keeper, sarcastically, « zey bake von of him pegause off dad." " And can I see him ?" " I pliill dry and vind him vor you. Here, you Chim," said the door-keeper, addressing a duty youth, who had just nailed an official announcement of the next morning's rehearsal u£oh the back oif a ?toiny-hoa^od swug-dopr* which was apt to jam tho fingers of tho uninitiated,—" vot is zo name off yat zuber vith zo pad gougli, zo man zey gall Parking Chcremiah?" "Oh, that's Morti-moro." ' To you know if lie's on in zo virsd zone ?" " Yes. He's one of tho demons; but tho sceno's just over. Do you want him ?" " You gan dako ub zis young chondloman's gard do him, and dell him to slib town hero iv ho has kod a vaid," said the door-keeper. Mr. Arundel handed his card to tho dirty boy. "He'll coino to mo fast enough, poor fellow," ho muttered. " I usen't to chaff hiin as the others did, and I'm glad I didn't now." Edward Arundel could not easily forget that one brief scrutiny iu which he had recognized the wasted face of the schoolmaster's hack, who had taught him mathematics only two years before. Could there be anything more piteous than that degrading spectacle? The feeble frame, scarcely ablo to sustain that paltry onesided banuer of calico and tinsel; the two rude daubs of coarse vermilion upon the hollow cheeks; the black smudges that wore meant for eyebrows; tho wretched scrap of horsehair glued upon the pinched chin in dismal mockcry of a beard ; and through all this tho pathetic pleading of large hazel eyes, bright with the unnatural lustre of disease, and saying perpetually, more plainly than words can speak, " Do not look at me ; do not despise me ; do not even pity me. It won't last long." The fresh-hearted schoolboy was still thinking of this when a wasted hand was laid lightly and tremulously 011 his arm, and looking up he saw a man in a hideous mask and a tightfitting suit of scarlet and gold standing by his side. " Fll take off my mask in a minute, Arundel," said a faint voice, that sounded hollow and muffled within a cavern of paste- board aud wicker-work. " It was very good of you to come round; very, very good !" "I was so sorry to see you here, Marchmont; I knew you in a moment, in spite of the disguise." Tho supernumerary had struggled out of his huge head- gear by this time, and laid the fabric of papier-mache and tinsel carefully aside upon a shelf. He had washed his face before putting on the mask ; for he was not called upon to appear before a British public in martial semblance any more upon that evening. The pale wasted face was interesting and gentlemanly, not by any means handsome, but almost womanly in its softness of expression. It was tho face of a mau who had not yet seen his thirtieth birthday : who might never live to see it, Edward Arundel thought, mournfully. " Why do you do this, Marchmont ?" the boy asked, bluntly. " Because there was nothing else left for me to do," the stage-demon answered with a 6ad smile. " I can't get a situation in a school, for my health won't suffer me to take one ; or it won't suffer any employer to take me, for fear of my falling ill upon his hands, which comes to the same thing; so I do a little copying for the law-stationers, and this helps out that, and I get on as well as I can. I wouldn't so much mind if it wasn't for " He stopped suddenly, interrupted by a paroxysm of coughing. If it wasn't for whom, old fellow ?" " My poor little girl: my poor little motherless Mary." Edward Arundel looked grave, and perhaps a little ashamed of himself. Ho had forgotten until this moment that his old tutor had been left a widower at four-and-twenty, with a little daughter to support out of his scanty stipend. " Don't be down-hearted, old feilow," the lad whispered, tenderly; " perhaps I shall le able to help you, you know. And the little girl can go down to Dangerfield ; I know my mother would take care of her, and will keep her there till. you get strong and well. And then you might start a fencing-room, or a shooting-gallery, or something of that sort, at tho West End; and I'd come to you, and bring lots of fellows to you, and you'd got on capitally, you know." Poor John Marchmont, tho asthmatic supernumerary, looked porhaps the vory last person in the world whom it could bo possible to associate with a pair of foils, or a pistol and a targot; but he smiled faintly at his old pupil's enthusiastic talk. " You were always a good fellow, Arundel," ho said, gravely. " I don't suppose I shall over ask you to do mo a service ; but if, byand-by, this cough make me knock under, and my little Polly should be left—I—I think you'd get your mother to be kind to her,— wouldn't you, Arundel V' A picture rose before tho supernumerary's weary eyes as he said this ; the picture of a pleasant lady whose description I10 had often heard from the lips of a loving son, a rambling old mansion, wide-spreading lawns, and long arcades of oak aud beeches leading away to the blue distance. If this Mrs. Arundel, who was so tender and compassionate and gentle to every red-cheeked cottage-girl who crossed her pathway,—Edward had told him this very often,—would take compassion also upon his helpless little one! If she would only condescend to see the child, the poor pale neglected flower, tho fragile lily, the fail exotic blossom, that was so cruelly out of place upon tho bleak pathways of life. " If that's all that troubles you," young Arundel cried, eagerly, « you may make your mmdeasy, audcomoand have some oysters. Well take care of the child. Til adopt her, and my mother shall cducato her, and she shall marry a duke. Run away, now, old fellow, aud cliange your clothes, and come and have oysters and bottled stout." Mr. Marchmont shook his head. " My time's just up," he said; " I'm on in tho next scene. It was very kind of you to come round, Arundel; but this isn't cxactly the best place for you. Go back to your inends, my dear boy, and don't think any more of me. I'll write to you some day about little Mary. " You'll do nothing of the kind," exclaimed tho boy. "You'll give me your address instauter, and I'll come to see you the first thing to-morrow morning, and you'll introduce me to little Mary; and if she and I are not the best friends in the world, I shall never again boast of my successes with lovely woman. What's the number, old fellow?" Mr. Arundel had pulled out a smart morocco pocket-book and a gold pencil-case. " Twenty-seven, Oakley- street, Lambeth. But I'd rather you wouldn't come, Arundel; your friends wouldn't iike it." " My friends may go hang themselves. I shall do as I like, and I'll be with you to breakfast, sharp ten." The supernumerary had 110 time to remonstrate. The progress of tho music, faintly audible from the lobby in which this conversation had taken place, told him that his scene was nearly on. " I can't stop another moment. Go back to your friends, Arundel. Good night. God bless you!" "Stay; one woid. The Lancashire pro perty » "Will never come to ine, my boy," the demon answered sadly, through his mask; for he had been busy re-investing himself in that demoniac guise. "I tried to sell my reversion, but the Jews almost laughed in my face when they heard me cough. Good night." He was gone, and tho swing-door slammed in Edward Arundel's fhce. The boy hurried back to his cousin, who was annoyed by Edward's erratic proceedings, and dissatisfied with the evening's entertainment. Martin Mostyn had discovered that the ballet-girls were all either old or ugly, the music badly chosen, the pantomime stupid, the scenery a failure. He asked a few supercilious questions about his old tutor, but scarcely listened to Edward's answers; and was intensely aggravated with his companion's pertinacity in sitting out the comic business—in which poor John Marchmont appeared and reappeared; now as a welldressed passenger carrying a parcel, which he deliberately sacrificed to the felonious propensities of the clown; now as a policeman, now as a barber, now as a chemist, now as a ghost; but always buffeted, or cajoled, or bonneted, or imposed upon; always piteous, miserable, and long-suffering; with arms that ached from carrying a banner through five acts of blankverse weariness, with a head that had throbbed under the weight of a ponderous edifice of pasteboard and wicker, with eyes that were soio with the evil influence of blue-fiie and gunpowder 6moke, with a throat that had been poisoned by sulphurous vapors, with bones that were stiff with the playful pummelling of clown aud pantaloon; and all for—a shilling a night! (To be continued.) Mr. John Gavan Duffy has forwarded to the Chief Secretary a supplementary report respecting the management of the Coranderrk station. While expressing the opinion that Dr. M'Crea's unfavorable description of the dwellings of the aborigines is considerably exaggerated, he points out numerous defects, and suggests a variety of improvements both in the buildings themselves and in the general management of the station. Some misapprehension appears to exist iu the minds of many coursing men as to the time the close season for hares commences. The act pnsscd in October, 1873, fixed the time of the close season as from 14th September to 1st February. These dates, which were subject to alteration at the discretion of the Governor in Council, have been given in most of the almanacs issued in Victoria. It was found, however, that the 14th September was too late for the commencement of the close season, as before that time hares had commenced to breed, and in accordance with the request of a deputation of leading coursing men the dateS" were altered, and the time during which hares might be destroyed was fixed from 1st March to 31st August. This alteration was notified by a proclamation which appeared in the Government Gazette of the 9th October, 1874. The close season therefore commenced 011 September 1, as we have previously stated. 