CHINESE IN CALIFORNIA. Cblnu Town. (From Ifopurortk Dixson's11 llliito Conquest) A seventh part of the population — a seventieth part of tho surface — of Snn Francisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pnek closer than Europeans. A man may seo big crowds in mnny cities : Buss and inrtnrs at Nislim-Novgorod, Gopts and Armenians in Jersualcm, Arabs nnd Algerincs in Cairo : but in neither Bus- sin, Syria, nor Egypt can he see such crowds as wo find packed in tlio Asiatic quarter of Snn Francisco. Tho term Asiatic quarter may suggest a separate portion of tho city, walled off from the remaining parts like China Town in Moscow ; but the Asiatic quar ter in Son Francisco is an open colony, like May Fair in London, like the Second District in New York. Tlio Cliin- cso have squatted in the very heart of Snn Francisco.. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may lie regarded ns tlic heart of this new Asiatic empire in America ; for in Jack son-street, grouped around the Lock Sin's balcony, lie tlic Chinese hanks and stores, tlio Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres and gnming-hclls ; whilo off this thoroughfare, to tho right and left, extend the blind alloys nnd nameless passages in which reside the Chinese rogues and thieves, with their unfailing complement of female slaves Here, bright with pnper lanterns, glare the two great tcn-honscs, kept by Lock Sin and Hing Kec, in which you sip green ten nnd watch the dancing girls perforin their rites. Here, rich in red and black flags, and musical with gongs nnd cymbals, stands Yu He Un Cltoy, the royal theatre, in which a grand his torical piny, a chronicle of the Ming Dynasty, lias been going 011 for three weeks past, nnd is to run on briskly for nbout nine weeks yet to come. In front of us, linrdly less rich in red and yellow paint, hardly less noisy with shnwrn nnd tom-tom, rises Sing Ping Yuen, the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are performed, not lasting more than thirty or forty nights. Hereabouts lie the tan cellars and thioves' gaming cribs, in whicli sallow wretches nnd their hideous partners of tho other sox indulge ill the lawless pleasure of staking their bottom dollar on n doinino. About these cellars lie the opium dens, to whicli tlic game sters come ill their frenzy, nnd snatch the still more fearful joy of staking their health nnd manhood 011 n fume of poppy- jnice. Hound that corner stands the great joss-house, a large room, hung with screens and banners, dazzling in red nnd gold, in which nn idol squats ; not n Mongolian god, with flat nnd shaven face, and turncd-up Tartar eyebrows, but n Teutonic master, with straight nose, fnir moustache, and pointed beard. Be fore this foreign idol, tea-cups liiss nnd fnzees burn by niglit anil day. China Town is running over Snn Francisco, sprending to cast nnd west, to nortli and south. The Asiatics have seized n good pnrt of Dupont-strect anil Kearney-street, swarmed into Pine- street, invnded Stockton nnd Pacific streets, nnd got their feet in California- street. Some houses in these streets nre owned by Mongols. When Asiatics get their feet inside n door they drive the Europeans out. A European can not stand the fume nnd stencil, the dirt nnd din. Thus, shop by shop, nnd street by street, they crawl along, a swarm of clean and unclean tilings, so ocldlv mixed that white men shrink from them in fear nnd wrath, as from a company of lepers. No white man likes to sleep under the same roof with a yel low man ; ho wliitc woman likes to pass through Jackson-street. A rookery mid in cesspool drive off decent folk. Let 11a drop into some of the: e houses, 110 fear of lepers in our hearts, and see these Asiatics in their homes. Not far from Lock Sin's tea-house stands n big edifice, first used ns tlic Glolie Hotel ; a house four stories high above the ground, six windows to tlic front, nnd lionsting of rooms enough for fifty guests. 'Including vaults nnd attics there may bo sixty rooms ill all. Sur rounded by tho Chinese rookery, this Glolie Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si Tut, n rich Chinese, who re-lets Iris apartments to Chinese residents of the better elnss — to shopmen, wniters, clerks, nnd agents. Lee Si Tilt takes care to have 110 tenant of linil repute. A thief, a rag-picker, a night-prowler cannot hire n lied in his hotel. No painted woman pass his door. Tim and other lawless games arc forbidden. No wrangling or fight ing is allowed within the house. So far ns order can lie made by rules, order is said to reign among Lee Si Tut's tenants ; and the Globe Hotel in Jnck- son-strcct uiny be regarded ns tho royal khan and snmmer-pnlnce of the Chinese empire in America. , Pnss in. Oh, Lee "Si Tut ! A sick ening odour greets your nostrils 011 his steps. _ A reek comes out of every door, nnd dirt lies henped on every landing- stage. The dust ofvenrs encrusts liis win dow panes. Compared with this Globe Hotel, under 'Lee' Si Tut, n Turkish or a Spanish prison is a desert place. The hamsters drip ; the passages sweat. A black and fetid slime runs down the walls. And then what press nnd multitude of tenants on tlic stairs and in the rooms 1 Men swarm nt every iloor, nnd crowd down every stage ; each pnle nnd melan choly wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in your face. A luimlcss horror seems to brood in every corner of tlic bouse, for out of every corner glare tlic spectral eyes of lieings fevered by tun mid stupified with drugs. Eneli room, arranged for tho accomo dation of n single guest, is either parted into six or seven sections by n string of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the walls. Slielves nrc preferred, since 110 one cares to pnv for privacy ; and a room tlint will only sleep six or seven in sec tions may he got to sleep a dozen 011 shelves. From vnult to attic, each room is foul with smoke, and black with dirt, aud choked with mcu, No less thnn fiftdeii-iuindrecl ghastly creatures find n lodging day nnd night in this Chinese paradise 1 Booms crowded and unwholesome I hnvc seen before — at a feast at Einsic- dclii, a mad-house in Naples, an emi grant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on the Nile — but nowhere linvo I seen human creatures packed and crushed as these tenants of the Globe Hotel are pnekod nnd crushed. Lee Si Tut lets his house, ho snyB, to eight hundred tenants; which would give liim, in n house of sixty rooms, including cellars nnd lofts, thirteen tenants to eneli chamber ; but the rascals client him, lie alleges, out of half his rent, liy sub-letting their shelves to men who occupy them only linlf the dny. Inquiry shows me that this story of sub-letting and dividing the room is strictly true. Ivi Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho ; Ki Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours, and giving it up to Li Ho for tho other twelve hours. In some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty-four hours — eight honrs apiece. Yet those who lodge in this hotel live in a light nnd roomy palace liy the side of those who live in the labyrinth of courts nnd styes, yards and entries, lying round Bnrtlett-nllcy. Hero souio of the white settlers in Snn Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is ttndraincd, Tlic log shanties were rim up hnstily nnd cheaply ; nnd in these fever-haunted hovels, rotten with ngc, putrid with filth, . overran with vermin, the masses of Mongolians mnke their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, they burrow in the earth. In holes unfit for dogs, you may discover ten or twelve wasted creatures, sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke them selves into tlio opium-dreamer's para dise. "Worse still, if in the "lowest depth" there can lie a " deeper still," is tho thieves' quarter j a district running in and out of more respectable quarters with a rare indifference ns to social forms. In the tliicves'.qunrter it is well to linvo a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminnl has curious ways, mid your ramble in his purlieus should be made nt night. All around Bnrlctt-nllcyliethcthicves yards _ nnd cribs ; fonl attics, falling balconies, underground kennels ; with n few spikes of joss-wood burning ntcvety door. Bags rot 011 the ground and garbage posions tho air. Slush squirts nt you from under every plnnlq. nnd where tho plnnks fail yon, tlio earth appears to be nothing but n running sore. Bag shops and receiving-houses hide in old pits and hollows under tho plank floors. I11 all these (lamp nnd loathsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wnlloiv in the filth, their pnle and ghastly faces rendered visiblo hy the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pnli ! Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, niul desperation glowers from every Mongol face. In pnssing from yard to yard yon catch the slnm of doors, the' shot of liolts, and feel hy instinct that every ruffian standing behind these planks, alarmed by strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night," is listening nt liis door, with hatchet raised to strike or riflo poised to fire. " Open the door !" erics your guide, ill a peremptory tone, stepping in front of n log cabin. " Open tho door 1" " Yon foolcc me 7 You foolcc me 7" " No, no. Open the door 1" .The voice is recognised within ; the door is slowly opened, anil you peep into the crib ; a cupboard ns to size, hut occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods arc 011 tho floor ; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we arc repulsed. To the inquiry, " How 7 you foolco me 7" we answer, as before. " No, 110 but, instead of seeing the"' door open, wo catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside. " Go : you not foolcc me ! " cries a voice, accompanied liy the click of n rifle. "Dip and slide," whispers our com panion, nnd we. instantly dip anil slide. In Stout's-allcy, nnd in.. the yards around this sink of squalor nnd iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves nnd murderers— 'the female slaves. Let 11s get out into the open street!- "You have now seen a little of our Chinese quarter," says my companion, as we enter Loek Sin's ten house about two o'clock, and order a refreshing cup. " What you have seen in Sun Fran cisco you may seo in Snernnionto, Stock ton, Snn Jose, nnd other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a China Town, and peoples it with har lots, criminals anil slaves. We get some very cheap labour, and our financiers sny tlioy need . cheap labour to ' develop tho country.' What think you of tlio price we have to pny for our develop ment?" '<>' While we nro sipping ten 011 Loek Sin's linlcony, a yell comes up from the street Mow. A Chinese fight is 011. All King, a Chinese scamp, employed by tlic city officers, niul, in the slang of his Asiatic countrymen, such a spy is called a ghost. Of late this ghost bus licen too busy, liis celestial countrymen think, even for n paid spy ; and two Asiatics, who have just come out of jail, nre setting 011 him, one moon-face with a hatchet, tlio second uioon-fncc with a knife. From every door in tlio street swarms out a crowd, nnd in nn instant fifty Chinese lnntonis licnvo nnd drop along tlio flags. " Excuse me !" says my escort, and before I can reply, he is gone from my side. King vanishes — like n ghost. Moon-face with tlio knife escapes, just as my escort swoops into the mur derous circle ; but the fellow with the hatchet is arrested 011 tlio spot and" enrried to tlio city ward. 'His weapon, when examined, proves to lie a lung blade, sheathed in n layer of -fine cloth, so tlint, in ease of a fatnl plunge, the blood might linvo been nt once removed, and tlio stainless knife replaced under the white smock, ns clean nnd innocent in appear ance ns tho soft-eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neighbors heart 1 