ii - CAPTURE OF A,GHOST.;:v -i- Hampton Wick has' lofsome time, been, placed in a state.of considerable alarriij "owing1 to a series of attacks' , made with stones ahd other riiissiles upon' the windows of- tho . inhabitants," doing damage, it is said, to the amount "of be-- tweon £.'0 and £40, and defying the vigilance of a number of detective police officers on duty I nightly for nearly a fortnight. However they succeeded in capturing an errand boy, named Frank /Williams, aged 15, employed by one of the principal sufferers, in the act of throwing a pebble' at his master's window. ,He. was taken before the Sunbury Petty Sessions oh Monday, oharged with wilfully throwing a pebfile against a plate-glass window, and causing damage there to of the value of £l, ou the 20th of September ; also on suspicion of breaking 15 panes of glass in the shop window of Mr. George Miles, . grocer, his property, value £12, between Sep tember 18 ana 20, at Park Rood, Hampton Wick. Messrs. Buekland and Bnshell, of Kingston-on-Thames, attended to watch the ease in the interests of the other sufferers by the damage who -reside in the stone-throwing locality, which through the mysterious occur rence, has been dubbed by some, the " haunted village," and by others the "dilapidated village," and commented upon at some length under the head of " Stone-throwing Spirits " in the Spiritmlist of 18th instant. Police Sergeant Wilkes said that on the 20th instant, about ten minutes to seven o'clock, he was in plain clothes, standing outside Mr. Miles' shop, in company with Mr. Charles Miles, when the prisoner came out of the shop with a Basket on his left arm, containing goods which he was going to deliver to customers. On stepping on to the footpath, he turned to the left and moved his right arm sharply, as if in the act of throw ing something. Immediately he heard the crash against the window. The prisoner put his basket down on the pavement, ran into the shop, and told his master (Mr. Miles) that another stone had been thrown. Witness fol lowed him in, and accused him of throwing the stone. He denied it, and witness at once searched him, but did not find any stoneB. Since the 1st of September up to the 20th in- starit, 'glass had been broken nightly, and seven/ or eight detectives had been on duty every night, but were unable to detect anyone causing the damage until the 20th, since which no windows had been broken. Besides the damage dorie at prosecutor's, windows had been, broken at Mr. Christy's, baker ; Mr. Wood's, green grocer; Mr. Towell's, ironmonger; Mr. Farance's, fishmonger ; and Mr. Pale's, leather seller, all of High-street, Hampden Wick. The prosecu tor deposed to the prisoner being in hiB employ up to the 20th instant as shopboy, and said, that between the 1st of September and that date he- had fifteen squares of glass broken, twelve of which were of large plate glass. He had been baffled as well as the police in all endeavours to find out by whom the glass had beenbroken. Witness produced about a dozen pebbles/some as large as pigeon's eggs, which he had picked- up in the shop, while others had been brought , to him by the prisoner, who said he had picked" them up when thrown. The justices sentenced the. prisoner to one month's imprisonment with? hard labour.- > ' „ 1 