THE CATHOLIC BAZAAR The members of the St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church at Williamstown have at lpnth resolved upon lilding a new residence foý their minister on the churcl gr ounds in Cecil-steect, und with the qbject of helping forward the movemeqt the ladies of the Ohur;h de?ersgined upon organising a bazaar. It is only a cqmparatively short time since thle determination was arrived at, but the ladiep have gq energetically applied them. selles tq the work in hand that on Wednes day last the bazaar was opened in the Drill .oog: O. nly thoese, ]ho l ave taken part in ouch a wpork can Droperly estimate the labour and attention necessary to lriug the affiir to a really s.tisfactqry issue. There was no lack Of willing labour in this instance, and the result was eiinen tly successful. The large Drill Room in Pasco-street was very profusely stocked with those articles of use and ornament which are usually to be found at such gatherings. The preparation was most extensive and varied, and as the laoies are determined to make a complete plearance, the finanical result will he as successful as the bazaar has proved as as Elxhitition. The hazaar was forsally open.ed on \Wed: nesday afternoon by the .Slayor, :Mr. D. Aitkens. On ascending the platform, lMr. Aitkeng, said it gave him great pleasure to accept the kind invitation of the Rev. Father JlcGilli euddy to open the hazaar. It was an hlnour of which he was proud,.for more reasons than one. In the first place; since he had been mayor and chief nisagistrate of the borough,' there had been similar -aiirs held, and hi. had not been even as(il' to attend them much less to open thes s. The large assort ment of articles, both oseful and ornamental, which he saw provided by the ladies showed that considerable time and trouble must have been expended in their preparation. He trusted that the gehtlemen would so second the efforts of the ladies that at the close of the bazaar there would be absolutely nothing left undisposed of. He then declared the bazaar open. Father McGillicunddy wished to express his appreciation of the kindness of the Mayor and chief magistrate of this prosperous bIrough of 1yilliamstown for his kindness in acceding to their request and coming forward to open the bazaar. He would not detain them further than to join him in conveying their gratitude to the Mayor in the old but nevertheless appropriate- form of "'lie's a jolly good fellow." Father McGillicuddy then sang "For he's a jolly good fellow," but as thp Mayor could not of course join in the melody, and the other two gentlemen on the platform were too modest to make the attempt, the rev. gentleman had all the music to himself. The ladies immediately commenced busi ness, the gentlemen in the room being at once objects of particular interest. Each loir of the creation was immediately the centre of a circle of young ladies bent on busipess. Each was provided with a pencil and .memorandum book, and volens voers men who would rather yield up the ghost than mount a horse found themselves with a is. chance in a raffle for a saddle; blushing young bachelors were taking shares in a lottery for a baby-basket; and each and every son of Adam was for the next half hour spending at the rate of £5Q00 a yeqr. The room is everywhere decorated with flags, kindly lent for the occasion by masters of vessels in port. Upeach side of the room are ranged the fancy goods stalls, at the Pasco-street end is. the Refreshment stall occupying almost the entire width of the building, at the opposite end are the platform for the accommodation of the ladies and gentlemen who supply the music of an even ing, and the small sentry box which does duty as a "Post ffice." In the centre is a nicely arranged stand of evergreens. Taking the stall nearest the platform first we found it to be South Williamstown No. 1, and'the ladies in command to be Mesdames Walker, Goble and Morgan, assisted by Misses Esther Kemp, Meihan, Doyle and Morgan. Hero were displayed to the best advantage articles of a multifarious descrip tion. A. real live parrot blinked at passers. by from one comner, subdued into silence by his proximity to a superb devotional chair. A fancy fender stool, pictures, Maltese and point lace, .wedding cakes and fire screens, with articles of needle and fancy work of endless variety made up a very presentable stall. Adjoining this stall is what is called the North Williamstown stall, the ladies in charge being Mesdames Henderson, Croker, Curry, Hernan; Ryan, assisted by Misses Croker, Prendergast, lhartin and Hanna. Here we observed an extensive show of articles of furniture, apparel, and fancy materials generally. Some nie ch1romos were hung about, and out of the maze of pretty things we succeededindistiiguishhig a fender stool, some pretty cushions, got up in the. 'lbtest' style with painted flowera instead of thti ~Aiied eool or bead work. A doll; '?bride" wassi e centre figure of the stall. Some nice tea cozies; 6ttomans, ,c., (" the ladies' own workmanslp,i .'nvitec pdr. 'dbasers. On the other side of the room, we carme to, South Williamstown stall No. 2, the ladies in commeond being Mesdames Kingston McIn tosh, Miss M. Brew and the Misses Coiroys. On this stall was displayed a very. large assortment of things useful and lbeaitiful. In a glass case was a pretty model of a square. gigged vessel, the workmanship of Mr. D. IMangan. The nautical taste was also to be discoqgred in the small models of junks, ard ?unoes? which were to be found here; and tbere were further some pretty seaweed and shell baslgets, the wora of one of the stall lildaers. There was spre. very well made wax flohwers, the Landiworl of Mliss Conroy; and dhrothet and fancy work which had been contsibutetl by other ladies. A very handsome leather work table asd bracket, made and presented hy Mrs. Gibson, of Emerald Hill, wasc a feqtgre here. The remaining faucy goonls stall was that -ontribute d"ad attensld by, lady friels from Footscray. The preiojlug ladies were Mesdames Newell, 'fiecncn, Barry, McCarthy Chapman, Delahinsy, lall, Kennedy, and the Misses Ryae and oIwldr. The variety of tasteR and requiremints for. which the saleswomen hadl pviled, may be judged by. the assortment of goois they had bought. There were claret glasses; ney riding saddle. and bridle; haddsome vaees, a leatherwork picres r , lustreesz fendet1. stool, sugar. glasses; woolwork, cubhions, smnking caps, and all those et celerae w$lich suggest them selves to the female mizp F?, pppuoprtateitems for bazaar stalls. The refreshment stall was under the effi- cient supervision of Mesdames Cahill, Goble and Halpin, with assistants. Every visitor sampled the edibles and potables at this stall to the mutual satisfaction of attendants and attended. That expensive little luxury to the gentle- men, and source of amusement to the ladies, -'a p.'ost Otfice"-was placed nunder tile directionof Misses I. Conroy, A. Cahill, and Kemp ; and the Postmistress-General with her deputies sought in every possible way to chow good results from her depart ment. When we mention that the ladies we have lamef above, were pssistel by a legion of fair frieids, st will be readily understood that no opportunity of driving business was lost. The ladies vied Vith each other in loading their gentlemei friends with mcmeenbt pf the bazaar, with an amnusi?g dis. regard of etpense. Nothing iwa too good for the young alen--so long as they pai for it. If the yong ladies are lalf so energetic jp pushing their hushands' business, un attached genelemen may count upon a gr·at many eligjbls ready-made fortunes iu \Wil, liamstow-n. Fach evening there has been music. The Artillery band has I indly performed of an evening, and other musical frienu.l gave their services. This evening is the last, and in addition to the otherattractions there will be a grand concert under the direction of 1Mr. Durant Harcourt. We cannot close our notice of the baza3r, without mentioning Father McGillicuddy, to whose untiring exertions much of the success attained has been attributable. He was assisted, however, with an energetic staff of supporters. 