MISCELLANEOUS. The Sallowness of Anglo-Indians.— It is or was commonly supposed that old Anglo- Indians owed tlie sallow complexion, to diseased liver or some such effect of tho Indian climate. The newest theory, however, on this subject has been broaohed by Dr. Henderson in the Indian Medical Gazette. _ The jaundiced look which so many old IndiauB used to have, he ascribes to the constant eating of curries coloured with turmeric. "The yellow dye of turmeric," he says, "is a very powerful one, and it seems probable that it will tinge all the tissues of a yellow colour, if eaten daily for a number of years." Curry has lately ceased to be the standing dish among our -countrymen, in. India, and those who - come home at least from Upper India no longer; look as. yellow aB their predecessors. Therefore it was the turmeric in the curry that did the mischief. The logical- coaQOction is less clear thaq it might be ; bat there seems to he no antecedent difficulty in the way of Dr. Henderson's theory;' nor is it contrary to what we know of the effect of colouring matters on the tissues- of living creatures. Max Adeler, the humorist, has married a young lady whose weight verges closely upon 200 lbs. "My dear," says he to her, "shall I help. you over the fence ? " No," says she to hitn, "help the fence." The Cologne Gazette intimates that during the coming session there will be an alteration pro posed in the existing law of patronage. At present, of ecclesiastical offices' in Prussia, 1000 are in the gift of private patrons, 500 in that of the State, and 5100 in that of the bishops. The new law will substitute for the two former classes of presentations, election by the congregations, who will also be endowed with a power of veto in regard to Episcopal appointments. : " , The Bishop of Lincoln is of opinion that Europe is on the verge of a fierce struggle, Bishop Wordsworth's remedy for tho oomlns evil is to show that we oan have Catholic truth combined with Protestant opposition to error and superstition. This; he thinks, may be the ark upon the troubled waters of the deluge, and many may have refuge in that which God has prepared for their safety. Mr. Moody's prayers are as brief and as much to the point as his sermons. Here is one reported in the Herald,' offered at a meeting in Northfield, Mass., after some requests for prayer 1 '! Let us pray. Our heavenly Father, we thank thee for this sweet hour of prayer ; we thank thee for the privilege we have of meet ing here this beautiful evening ; and we thank thee for the unspeakable privilege of coming into thy presence, in tho name of thy beloved Son Jesus Christ. And now, heavenly Father, wilt thou hear our prayer here for this dear orphan ? O God, answer prayer and save this boy, that he may have eternal life and become a child of the Lord Jesus Christ. Be more to him than a father or mother and may he drink at the fouutain of life. Let thy pitying eyo rest upon this other, and wilt thou give him courage that he may overcome his appetite for strong drink, be saved from a drunkard's grave, and be brought iuto the fold to-night, if he is present? And the wife— wilt thou not hear her prayers ? Wilt thou not auswor them, and may that. husband be brought to God this very night ? May the scales fall from his eyes, and may he behold the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world. For their sakes we pray for a blessed meeting here. May the Holy Ghost como upon us while we pray, that we may catch a fresh glimpse of Jesus Christ ; that we may behold Him in all His beauty. As we sing, may our hearts bo touched by the Holy Ghost, and may we sing as we have never been able to Bing before. And may there be a revival of religion sweeping through this valley, until hundreds and thousands shall have been brought to Christ Jesus. .0 God. hear mil- r.rv n.nrl answer our prayer ! For thy beloved Son's sake we ask it. , Amen." A capital story anerit Mir. Robert Lowe, ex- Chancellor of the Exchequer, is just now going the round of the dinner-tables. At a dinner party under the roof of the right hon. gentle man,' ' the ' conversation turning upon the intro duction of many unnecessary passages in the marriage service, Mr. Lowe referred to the absurdity of a man who had no property what ever gravely declaring that ho endowed his bride with the whole of his possessions ! " Now, when I married," said Mr. Lo\ve, "I hadn't a shilling in the world." " But, " chimed iu Mrs. Lowe, "you had your splendid talents." " Well, but I didn't endow you with them," was the rejoinder of the Right Hon. Bob. t A recent event— the adhesion of Dean Susc- zinsky, and his marriage with the Baroness Gajowska— has precipitated a decision of the Old Catholics iu regard to the marriage of priests, which is pronounced by them to be lawful. The Prussian Government has resolved to. continue the Dean in the enjoyment of his temporalities. It is to be hoped, in the interests of clerical morality, that this Romish ecclesi- astic may have many imitators Southern Cross. . ' . Query.— When a draught passes through the bank, does it give the' clerks cold ? 