. THE REV. MR. KEMMiS TO THE RESCUE. \ (From d Correspondent. ) CV ' . , The ritualist, Mr. Kemmis, of St. Mark's, Dar' ling-Point, has essayed to take up the gauntlet which the superstitious Ultramontane Vaughan, cast defiantly into the ecclesiastical arena. On Sabbath evening last ho delivered the first of a series of discourses on the " Archaeology of the Ancient British Church." It would seem that Vaughan's "Advent Conferences " have caused immense fluttering in the Ritualist aviary. Mr. Kemmis as a high flier resembles the dove which Noah sent out of the ark which could not secure any solid ground whereon it might rest the sole of its foot; so is it with the Rev. incumbent of St. Mark's. His ritualistic ten dency has been somewhat impeded by the im petuosity of this more advanced and demonstra tive interpreter of medievalism ; and if he had read the recent correspondence between Mon- seignor Capel and Canon Liddon he might have clearly'seen that ritualism, or semi-popery, can have no place in the Reformed Church. His only safety is either, to retrace his steps, which have been thoughtlessly taken, or at once, like all the clergymen of his mode of thinking, take refuge in the bosom of that immaculate Chureh of which Pius the IX. is the head. The method on which he entered upon his subject indicated a mind ill at ease. He said he had no sympathy with Dissent, and he also treated with a like contempt those within the pale of the Episcopal Church who were always ready to hold out the right hand of fellowship to their Nonconformist brethren. As he is a native, he seems to be unaware that no State Church exists, nor is any such recognised, in this oolony. In England Churchman and Dissenter, Conformist and Nonconformist, can be readily understood, and the proper meaning attached to such ecclesiastical designations be at once com prehended ; it is otherwise in this highly favoured land. Dissent cannot exist, as there is no union of Church and State to dissent from; and even if an individual were trans ferred to another country such distinctive terms .as those he employed might even be reversed. A minister of the Church of England in Scot land becomes a Dissenter, and vice versa. A greater acquaintance with the history of the "Church might have rendered Mr. K. a little more cautions, and induced him to be restrained in the use of the odium theologicum. ,,, So far, then, as to his affectionate regard .toward Episcopalian Low Churchmen and Evan gelical Nonconformists. He will have neither of them. Social intercourse or brotherly love cannot be admitted on his part. But, then, is the Episcopal Church such as he ardently desires and eagerly longs for? It was just the other day that Dr. Barker, his ecclesiastical . head, publicly said this, that the Church of England was thoroughly Protestant ; and as a bishop of that Protestant Church he delighted to he associated with all who protested against the errors of Romanism, and took their position upon the irrefutable word of the living God. In the language of Chillingworth, "The Bible, and the Bible alone, is the religion of Protes tants. Such an idea, however, is very repug nant to the highly imaginative and powerfully developed mind of Mr.' Kemmis ! The term Protestant is not found in all the standard authorities with which his extensive reading, has made him acquainted. That word is not to be found in the Book of Common Prayer ; and at the time of the Revolution it was even discarded by the Houses of Convocation. The Bible alone is not of itself a sufficiently authori tative guide, but the Book of Cpmmon Prayer must ever be regarded by every, true Church man as its acknowledged commentary. In this easy manner the offensive- term is entirely got ..rid of ; and, so far as Mr. Kemmis is considered, ; deserves ..to. . be loaded.' with-merited . contempt and'buried for ever,. out; p'L'siglit, in.unconse crated ground ! "" Now that he' is . fairly mounted upon his winged Pegasus, he soared as high in empty -space' as even the most rabid Ultramontane had ever attempted: The Church which he believed as only worthy of support must be Scriptural, Apostolic, and Catholic. Did not Dr. Vaughan claim the, same marks for that Church from which the Church of England withdrew in the ages past? A mere repetition of such terms does not indicate much discriminative ability, and whether used by Kemmis or Vaughan, the genuine Christian will rather prefer his Divine Master's definition of , the living principle. Luke xvii. 20 — "And when He was demanded of the Pharisees," (the primitive ritualists) "when the kingdom of God should come, He answered them and said, The kingdom of God cometh not with observation ; neither shall they say, lo here ! or, lo , there ; for behold, the king dom of God is within you." And agaiu, in His luuuri/cosulj |;ruici uvbui ; uumjo oui tuiug via. Speaking of His people the head of the Church says, John xvii. 15 s--r-'T pray not that thon shonldst take them out of the world, but that thou shouldst keep theh from evil. They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." It is evident, then, that it is a mistake to sup pose that visibility is a mark of the true Church. On this fatal rock all ritualistic persons, whether inside or outside "the;pale of the Popish organi zation, founder and' make shipwreck of their faith. If they be right in their judgment, then the Old and the New Testament are wrong. Under the ancient economy, a visible Church was palpable to the casual observer, and yet the good prophet Elijah imagined that he alone was the sole worshipper of the true Jehovah. Still there were even seven thousand secret ones, invisible members of the Church, who had not bowed the knee to Baal. In like manner the Church existed unseen under the new economy. This was a distinctive feature of the Church founded by Christ, and to be anticipated when the first utterances of the Divine Saviour on the mountain side embodied such words as these : " Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God." If the incumbent of St. Mark's would aim more earnestly at the inculcation of inward sanctity than the observance of a gor geous ceremonial, and the acceptance of an external connection with the Apostles, or even manifest a less desire to gyrate around the chair of Peter, a greater success would attend his ministerial labours, and he would then be spiritually enabled to carry out Paul's injunc tion to Timothy, 1 Tim. iv. 13 : "Till I come," said the Apostolical missionary to his youthful presbyter, "give attendance to reading, to ex hortation, to doctrine. Neglect not the gift that is/in/ thee, which was given thee by pro- phecy. with1, the laying on of the hands of the prcs6y'ej'y? r-"Meditate upon these things ; give thyself wholly to them ; that thy profiting may appear unto all." : ' But Mr. Kemmis is' advanced beyond even, the teaching of a Paul. ; He piously believes -in' the three orders of the priesthood, and in Apos tolical succession. Of the, three orders he did indeed assume that these existed in the days of primitive Christianity, but he gave no proof; from Holy Writ. In the Acts of the Apostles, at the first council of the Christian Church in Jerusalem, did three gradations exist, or, was the vote taken by orders. The inspired history states that the Apostles and elders came together for to consider this matter. , James addressed the Council, saying, "Men and brethren, hearken unto me." Where are the bishops, priests, and deacons which go to form the graduated order of the clergy ? Can they be found in the times of primitive . Christianity ? It is easier to assume than to provee that such ranks did then"- exist. But could not some ' feasible evi- dence from Scripture, at least; ,be adduced to show the exact root and real origin of Apos tolical succession ? On- this point both-Kemmis ' and Vaughan agree. . The hackneyed quotation fiven us, as was to be expected, was, — " And say unto thee, that thou-, art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church." This pas sage invariably is interpreted by Romanists according to a stereotyped fashion ; but surely a clergyman outside of the Church of Rome should be at least better informed. Gildas, the monkish historian, may fascinate the lively imagination of Mr. Kemmis, and afford him a delightful amusement, yet he should know that it is his duty to make himself acquainted with the whole range of patristic literature on the" subject in question. For his mental enlighten- inent he may. be informed as a historical fact, that of all the Fathers who have exegetically explained this passage in Matt. xvi. 18, and the other in. John xxi. 17, not a single one applies . them to the Roman Bishop as Peter's successors .< How many fathers have busied themselves with " these texts, yet not one of them whose commen-. taries now exist — Origen, Chrysostom, Hilary, Augustine, Cyril, Thodoret, and those whose' . interpretations are collected in catenas— has; dropped the faintest hint that the primacy of Rome is the consequence of the commission and ' promise, to Peter!- Not one of -them has ex plained the rock or foundation on which Christ , would build His Church, of the office given to - Peter, to be transmitted to his successors ; but they understood by it either. Christ Himself, or Peter's confession of faith in Christ ,; often both; ... together. Or else they thought Peter was the,., foundation equally with all the other Apostles, the twelve being together (the foundation stones of the Church.— (Rev. xxi. 14.) The Fathers could the less recognise in the power of the keys, , . and the power of binding loosing, any special prerogative or lordship of the Roman Bishop, in as much as, what is obvious to any one at first sight, they did not regard a power first given to Peter and afterwards conferred in pre- : c'tsely the same words on all the Apostles, as any thing peculiar to him, or hereditary in the line of tne bishops of Rome. Thus far has it been deemed necessary to set Mr. Kemmis right. If the term- Pootestaht be discarded; the assumption of bishops, priests, and deacons' be a necessity in the Christian Church ; and Apostolical succession from Peter be at all times requisite ; then no place for such fatuous inanities can be found within a Reformed Church. It is a mere childish amusement to claim what the living word cannot support, and pretend all the while to minister at the altar of a church which ignores the base assumptions . and unscriptural pretensions of the Romish , Church. Dr. Vaughan in a certain sense, may think himself justified in teaching the traditions of men for the commandments of God. But a very different question demands solution when , any minister of a Reformed Church dares attempt an exhibition of such mediaeval fancies. Far better, and more conscientious, would it be to lay aside all ritualistic mummeries and fall back upon the promise of the gift of the Divine Comforter, and be fully assured that the heart has become the temple of the Holy Ghost ; so that all ministerial edification may be accom panied with the power and demonstration of Spirit. Thus Paul, who certainly was at Rome, exemplified when, as a preacher, he declared that he was determined not to know anything among men save Jesus Christ, and Him cruci- . lied." "For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." And Peter, who it may be historically maintained never dwelt in Rome, says, — " The elders which, are among you I exhort, who am also an elder," (not a bishop, nor primate, nor pope) " feed the . flock of God which is among you, taking the oversigUt thereof. JN either as being the lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the . flock." Such, advice do the Roman popes heartily bestow ! FilNERAl, OF AN EGYPTIAN PRINCESS.—1 The- Paris Figaro publishes a letter from Alexandria, which contains some details of the death and burial of the Princess Zeneb Hamoun, daughter of the Viceroy of Egypt. She was the wife of ; Ibrahim- Pasba, who came to Paris only a few - days ago. The princess, who was in her 17th year, was much affected by the departure 'of her husband for Europe. Shortly after, . her brother, to whom she was deeply attached, also left on the same voyage. The absence of thO two beings she loved preyed on her mind, but nobody anticipated the fatal event It took place suddenly, while she was alone in.her room. Herslaves found her dead in her bed. The doctors say the cause of death was couges- tion of the brain. The funeral was attended by ahout 500,000 persons. The cortege left the palace of the Kasr-el-Nil, and proceeded to the magnificent mosque of Rifai, where the remains of the Princess were inhumed. The funeral car was preceded by twenty-four buffalos, and followed by twenty-four camels laden with eat ables and drinkables of all kinds, which, as is- the Eastern custom, were distributed to every body, rich and poor alike. After the inhuma tion forty qxen were, sacrificed, and the meat given to the indigent. All the Beys, Pashas, and corporations attended the ceremony, and remained round the mosque praying and lament ing till a late hour. The death of the Princess has been a very heavy blow to the Viceroy, her father, and to Ibrahim-Pasha, her husband. 