'himself to tife members of both/ Cham bers, his Excellency said it would be the duty of his advisers to submit for proposals on Constitutional Reform and the representation of the people in Parliament ; but neither bis advisers of that time, not those by whom they were succeeded, were as dutiful as they were supposed to be, as they certainly kept very clear of those proposals ever since. " The adjustment of the incidence of taxation " (which was, no donbt, as neat a way of putting it as could have been desired) was the next thing those advisers were to attend to, and we have seen how they adjusted it Saving the increase on the assess ment on stock, the tax on bank notes, and one or two other slight alterations, the incidence remains as it was before. Though they never could have been more opportune, no steps were taken in the direction of free-trade.. An amending Land Act was looked upon as a sine qua noil, but in some way or another it did not come off. Tenders for the construction of the railways authorised in 1873, his Excellency said, would be called within a few weeks (from tbe 25th May) but thanks to the inertness of Mr. Gillies, and the worse than questionable opposition of Mr. Woods, they were not invited for very many months afterwards. The usual Mining on Private Property Bill was, of course, promised and equally, of course, it was passed in the Assembly by members several of whom, it is 6aid, would have voted against it if they had not understood that it would be rejected by the Upper House. It was shelved there at all events and properly so, will be the verdict of every man imbued with correct ideas relating to meum and tuum. "The amendment of the laws regulating the sale of wines, beer, and spirits," 6aid his Excellency, " is urgently demanded by all who have given atten tion to tbe subject ; a bill has been prepared for the better regulation of thin trade j and in view of the important p/yiftl consequences which are involved, I commend the pleasure to your most earnest consideration," In place of attending to these "important social consequences " (which we take to mean brawls, hiccoughs, and head-aches in the mopping) even the total abstainers in the Assembly kcted more like drunkards than (he drijnkards themselves. This \- (b even sajd to have exercised exampu. _ _ Qbafrpiau of a baneful effect upon - - til. Committees. A number of other ... were promised by his Excellency last May, but last week their names were fonnd included in the " slaughter of the innocents." His Excellency finally prayed that the labours of tbe hon. members might under the blessing of Providence conduce to the continued prosperity and happiness of the people, and we respectfully recommend him not to do so again. Judging by results, we should say that praying is dearly out of his line. Instead of labouring tinder a blessing, as his Excellency wanted them to do, several members of the Assembly swore roundly at intervals, and filled in the remainder of their time by abasing each other, solely for the purpose of re tarding the transaction of pnblic busi ness, However, they have now gone SreSBeffcSon And lOjOwUy' by selection. Tbe first salmon was batched at Ercildoun ihia morning, and is doing well. Melboitrkb, April 6 The Legislative Council passed the Appro priation Bill, and the Municipal Liabilities Bill to- day. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Bent brought up a progress report in the Brnno c&ae;, which stated that it appeared the land had been granted contrary to the objects of Land Act, and asked that the Committee might be formed into a Royal Commission to pnrene the investigation. Sir James M'Cnlloch promised that the matter shoold be thorooghly investigated. In answer to Mr. Mackay, the Premier stated that the Government would carry on all water works which had been already commenced. There waa no Government business on the paper, and the House proceeded to the discussion of private matters. Tbe Customs authorities are making a searching investigation into tbe charges pre ferred against Messrs. Stevenson and Sons. The board of investigation consists of Messrs. Guthrie, Harrison, Gordon, and Dawsod, officers of the departmont. Several witnesses have been examined, and numerous others are forthcoming. All the beads of the depart ment of Messrs. Stevensons' business have also been summoned, and the affair is assum ing quite formidable proportions, A mao named Edward CbarieB Harvey was arrested to-day on a charge of bigamy. j The Government have consented to post pone the ontward mail until Wednesday, i the ldtb. His Excellency the Governor was enter tained at Maryboroogh to day, and addresses were preseuted afterwards. He attended tbe races. The Assembly rose at the adjournment hour. On an examination, it was fonnd that two- thirds of the Balmon ova packed by Mr. Youl had been impregnated, and were consequently worthless. All that were packed by Buck- land are doing well. Mblboubcte, April 5. The Loan ISill, baring beep p&aaed; ti>r»ogh tbe Assembly last night, with some show of resistance by tbe Opposition and one or two excited scenes, was to-day passed by the Council, but not before several members bad condemned the extra vagent expenditure on ; school buildings and railway extension. Mr. Anderson stated that it was the in tention of the Government %Q introduce an Amending Education BlH early next eetrioD, to deal specially with the compulsory clause J- it was a|so intended to deal with the subject of Land legislation. Mr. Langton gave notice of bis intention of bringing in a bill to extend the time for the collection of tolls. Sir James M'Cnlloch informed a deputation to-day, that a bill would be prepared, dealing with the questiop of electoral representation, andjit would be introduced the first tiling next session. The Governor, to-day, proceeded to Castle- maine and B&ringhnp;, and was well received. Tbe case in which it was attempted to bribe a juryman, is nader the consideration of the prown paw efljeerp. Tbp reported loss' of the f'Colima" on tbe «w&iMdccast; proves tobennfounded. She -ncer Dusedpp hapbogr, owing was unable uo oropeUcF giving to the screw blades of iic , ' — m. way. She was towed into Lyttletou, . Wednesday. Mr. Williams, who was lost from Haw thorne, has not yet been found. Sydney. | The Governor, in a speech at Bathurst 1 yesterday, contrasted the slow progress of railway extension in the New South Wales colony with that of Victoria and America. The Murrunibidgee Tnrf CInb meeting has been altered to the I7th and 18tb April. The Briton, ifrom Newcastle to Geelong, waa caught in a hurricane, and has returned leaking. News from Fiji, vicT Auckland, states that petitions have been presented to Parliament in favour of closing public houses on Sundays. The coal trimmers iu Newcastle are likely to settle their differences regarding loading vessels. Wrangler, who was heavily backed last "and says, "One would thiBF to reS our Hamilton and Warrnambool contemporaries that it was a foregone conclusion that the head-quarters of police mutt be removed from Belfast." Well, here indeed is a sample of innocence. It has been pretty well known to most people that there was to be a change and neither Hamilton nor Warrnambool can be accused of seeking to injure Belfast, for tbey did not apply for tbe thing until they were aware that the removal of the head quarters from Belfast was decided upon. We don't believe that any town on the coast will stand a ghost of a chance of getting the police : head-quarters or anything else of the sort so long as there is a central town like Hamiltoo from which any part of tbe Western district can conveniently be reached. A port is s very good thing in its way, but for adminis trative purposes it is a centre without a cir cumference, because there is neither popula tion, territory, nor anything else to operate upon, to the seaward. If common sense has anything to do with the determination of the police authorities, we may take it as a fore gone conclusion that Hamilton must be tbe head quarters of the Western district, es pecially on the opening of the railway. Warrnambool Steeplechase Meet- jug-. — The Warrnambool Racing dab have decided to hold their aonnal Steeplechase meeting on tbe 7tb and 8th Jane, and tbe principal items io tbe libera! programme will be found in our telegraphic intelligence. Scarlet Fever at Merino. — With out desiring to create any unnecessary alarm, we deem it our duty to call attention to the fact that there haye been five deaths at Merino from scarlet fever, and that no medi cal man is resident there. Oor Merino Cor respondent, io another column, gives a in el an cboly acconnt of the ravages of the epidemic J in his quarter, and we regret to say that later j reports are by no 'means reassuring, as it ap? pears that eiuge the date of our Gorrespoo- | dent's letter, Constable Kennedy has lost | another boy, and that tbe father himself as well as Constable Crotty are both in a very weak state from the attacks of the disease ; also that there were two deaths yesterday at Tahara from the fever. Dr. Smith, of Cas- tertou. appears to have visited the locality, lint tbe exigencies of his home practice would preveot bis remaining at Merino for any length of time. The following telegram re ceived by us yesterday from Merino via Cole- rain e, speaks for itself : — "Scarlet fever in a very malignant form is raging herei Con stable Kennedy bas lost another boy aged ten years, and himself and family are very Jaad indeed, 'wo fataf papee opcajjredto-day ne»r Tahara, and other fresh qageg tfe'|e&fring; >ro dootor i here, and one is sadly wanted. <L CRAVEN, chemist, Merino." The next Pastoral ShoW.-— "A. com mittee meeting waa held last Wednesday to arrange the schedule of prizes for the exhibi tion in .September next ; present, C, Father- stonhangb, Esq., in the chair ; and Messrs. Bromell, Mason, W- F. Cooke, J. P. Hamil- ton, Manson. J. Wiggins, Thomson, Rnaggs, J. M'LeUau. p. M'pellan, Bfee, and C. A. Wiggins (secretary). The' champion and ordinary prizes were agreed to, the same as last year; bat fonr new special prizes, as under, were offered by tbe parties whose names are mentioned in connection there- with, vi# Mr. James Gardner (presented) cup value £25, for thp best blood stallion, to be won twie by the same exhibitor ; Mr. Edward Twomey /presented) cap' value 4?25; fcrt)pbest biopd'mare, to be won twice by Name exhibitor Mr, A. P. Rudd /pre- U... fey tjjg best skort-feora seated) cup v&iuw;„. exhibitor j bull, to he won twice by tae - """" Mr. S. P. Winter (presented) cup value £zo, for the beat Hereford bull, bred by exhibitor, to be won twice by tbe same owner. We are glad to see that the well-wishers of tbe society continue to support it by each liberal do nations as the above. Coursing. — Wednesday being the last day for nominating for the Hamiltoo Poppy Stakes, and hearing that they were likely to fill (there being 31 nominations with tbe act ing secretary), our lovers of i>ue leash bad a private day's trial, and some of oar beet old drgs. as well &s; poujc aspirants for the juvenile honours, were put in the alifNA. Bat there wsb no Richmond in the 6eld of yoong ones. The fur was plentiful, but too good Xor the dogs ; and after fonr or five runs, in which he tote, but bis reason restoSS Vei7 nwioved him to The constable where he anived on Thurri!!? Hospital, Fluke. — Mr t«i,„ ?®enu>g. Victoria Valley, „|lo J" ®«Wteoti, of ample opportuoities y i8 enjoyed 'eufr Published in -rites which he denies the efficacv „?.colanio. in sum remedy. In prolog oS. pern to hare been a failure, but Mr"??' ap" son does not tell us whether !, u bert- whole of his ground at one time 0"!' the rent tne infection being carried abont p place to another, and whether he nnt mone land afterwards none but eheep t!e perfectly sound. Draining ringing the trees are considered bo M. Robertson to be the only effectual mea» and several selectors who bare tried that plan are said to have their lands free from fluke, whilst the sheep on the adjoining hold ings are stated to be dying by hundreds One selector who neglected these precautions bought 1200 sound sheep last Christmas and has only 250 left, and we regret to learn that Mr Rnhertaon has so far unrlpt-d — ... — . -7 b.ww..u w fisumw what he preaches, that he pnly expects to shear half the number of sheep shorn by him last year. We believe tbe sb»rtti»B8 of bis lease is tbe reason given by Mr. Robertson for not draining the land. Cameron v. Cox. — A writ of foreign attachment. ay« the Herald , was issued on Wednesday, by Mr. Justice Fellows, against property bclnnging lo the defendant in an actiop of Alexander Cameron v. Henry Cox. The action is to recover a eum On of exchange. The <iefendaot has left the colony, snd ceifain land at Hamilton belonging to him, and which is in the hands of a garnishee, has been attached to the extent of £150. Tjjv. Julia Percy.— This new steamer, which is owned two-thirds in Belfast and one- third in Portland, is expected to comnjence running regularly between Melbourne and the Western ports in the coarse of a few days. It ib the intention of her owners to allow tbe public to judge of her capabilities by invit ing the residents of the Western ports to take an excursion trip in her, either to Port land or to Julia Percy Island. The Easter holidays are mentioned as the probable date of the affair coming oE Mount Rouse Shire, — TJie usual monthly meeting of the pouhril will be b'eld on Wednesday next, and on the same day there will be a sp-cial meeting to consider the financial state of the sbire, and, if necessary, to take steps ' to apportion the njnwpy available for works, and to call for tenders. Ratepayers therefore who' want any work executed had better apply on Wed nesday next. Victorian Cricketers Association. -The roles of the amvo ssocistion, nestly printed by Messre. Sonde and M'JJoug — , imvp reapbed ns. Concert. — in another eomnin wiii ub fonnd "the" preliminary announcement of a concert to be' given under the direction of Mr. M. B. Macionald, B.A., iD the Town Hall, nert Saturday night. The proceeds are to go towards defraying tbe expenses of the approaching cricket match, Western District v. East Melbourne. The programme will shortly appear. Obituary. — The death is announced of Mrs. Helen Riddoch, mother of Messrs. John and George Riddoch, Of feno'la, who expired at the ripe old age of 74. T.yKT.TTH&oy; Races. — Nominations tor the pripjipat eyeots plose this day, and must he sent to tbe secretary at Rociikirpb. j — - f .1. Allsworth. — A de The rev. . - «tiA &d-; 1 nutation, representing the members - herenta of Mr, 4«srrorth's Cbnrch, waited upon that gentleman at tfie !£aose, at Fens- horst, o= Monday last, and presented mm with a letter, signed by upwards of two hundred of the parisbonere, asking bun to reconsider his decision as to going away and to take tbe well-earned holiday which tuey offered to give him freely. Mr, AUeffortp replied that looking opon the letter as beipg the almost unanimous expression of the wishes of his panEhouers, he would jpve it bis mnst serious consideration, end that whether be remained or went away be wooltt treasure tbe memorial as if it were gold f he bool Hospital , Kepbesenta t is now said tba tion of retiring Nonnanbyif be vj, t writing to 0,n® JU begging them bis conduct during ddK have had an ing the electoral votea supporting t member, it seems, n» trip to England to 1 , left by a deceased Te! to manage matters as t Nonnanby. Whether oi »! . «Mront his conetituents f e u sure to encounter HUst Melbourne S-rWnent it will he holiday has been agreed t ? IStw!? 01 the to«n lowii i d-y "I tbe P15"® hve been choEH the Western dufoiot Jos., Win., and Jul and Robertson, for CutertoiK James and Beter Ferrier, aud Young, for Culerainn ; Chandler, Duigau, and a to-day, for Hamilton. Mr. eon bas agreed to act as western district. jHb: ' PftiMiTrvE Methodist mrjc „ arrangements for the miessoD menciog in Hamilton to-morroVHkfB another coIqeuq, Hip r,ep£esentation of fill Hampden. — The CamperdoiaBkM says : 44 It is stated on good authority that Mr. LongtzBg intention whatever of offering hflmffl as a candidate for Ripon and HjBuui'V in that we think be will act ever the next general electjop cdBBgii4' is said that he will ofier bii;isaB|wp the Buburbsn electorates, proqH& Hill, and this accounts for AB lately at all tbe rowdy meetingHfihc bourhood of Melbonrne, withBki makiog himself popular persons who atteud these Thomas Shaw, no doubt, is for Hi poo. Stock am> Stations. — shank, E5ag!e8tone -and £0. Williirah Station, in the district, togethe with 70,000 of cattle, 59 horses, workingJWRF mente, &c.;, on account of Campbell, to Messrs. Lamb, Hamilton Hospital. — tnebjl subscriptions were received durio|SHK Weerangourt. — Bayles & Melville, W Arthur, 5s ; Quirk, 6s ; Cameron. ssjB Hamilton.— Police, per Sergeant > Potatoes and their proikjfl A member of our staff, who hasJjK fl travelling through the potato countxBK that' the yield about Tower Hill|H« is soipethiDg extraordinary. MabyBqH ground have produced eighteen tonsso B acre, and the average is expected to miflj twelve tons. The ports of Belfast Warrnambool are as much choked, J potatoes as Horsham is with wheat, or ifl Und with bark, aud so heavy istheB that the price ha» gone down to 35sjpeifl Even at this low figare it will be peeoB the growers are reaping a narvesu 01 £31 10s per acre; but tbe landowner® perhaps Ihe luckiest fellows— they to! A neither do tboy spin, yet they obtaSn i?® ; acw rcnta for these potato grounds mH I the portion of <he year devoted to the j"'j® | of the esculent; aud further, they m B the land during tbe reric® sheep up.- ; --ai«ia« months of the year. The B iride awake to permit the exhausborB soil by continual croppiag. nd JtpelH®| adopted is to let different portions of ® each year, so that the laad c-arncf J>< only once in three years, its fertility restored by pnttine """P. P? , M following yeare. No aniidividmg e c« used by tbe "different tenant?, a furrow being sufficient to mark ou| different lots. With snch pecuniae' r« aa we haye mentioned it " no wonder the other day 72 scips at Koroit fetched! 7 . .00 cash, whilst sum country land in the uhe vicinity realised £70 per acre by aaction. "Wis the kind of Uud that would bear it 16 the large estates held by neh men as Messrs. W.-Kotledgf, A. H. Knight, Urqubart, Ritchie, aud Finn, wh«» own- all the country from "Tatribnk to Deu- tbit would be none the worse for banting As it is, the tenure of the potatogrowers is too short to make it worth mule for them to live on the ground, and bepttoee, they huddle together iu little .roadside villages like Killaraey, occupying woden cabios aud mud huts of the g old Irish |»attern# and reproducing all the I surrouodioga of the ould couotbrve." j Shakes. — 'These vermin continue to show themselves in , Portland Bay to the no mall danger of bathers. Perhaps the largest wasN a sixteen -footer,,, with which Captain Warren, of the Bedfordshire, had some nego- ciatione, before the departure of that vessel. The hook was baited with a lump of mess- I'Otk, and the shark after swallowing it broke away, leaving behiod him a large portion of the roof of his mouth. So voracious was the monster that notwithstanding the injury he had sustained, he took the bait a second time, and was hoisted head and ehouiders out of the water by a turn of the windlass. The tackle was good, but bo powerful were the struggles of the shark that the hook, which was made of iron seven-eighths of an inch thick, was straightened out as if it had been a piece of wire. The "sea lawyer" got away from the attentions of his process-server, and is doubtlesB meditating oo the eavoriness of mess-pork, "at the bottom of the deep bine sea. In the Assembly on Wednesday, Mr. Maeksy called the attention of the Go vernment to the prevalence of sharks along the coast, and suggested that a graduated system of reward should be adopted, such as 2s fid for a shark five or six feet long, and 5s for those of greater length. Mr. Lalor hinted that there were lote of sharks five or six feet long to be fonnd on shore, whose capture would be desirable. Mr. Jones pro- mised to inquire into the matter and Bee what . , done. ,T desires as to Sirect the attention of farmers snd dealers to bis sale of stock, to, at Waterloo, on Tues day, the lith inst., and at Branxholme on Wednesday, the 12th inst. 