NATURALIST. THE SANDFLY The occurrence of the sandfly or Simulium reptans in Britain, recently noticed in an answer to a correspondent in Scotland (A.A.H.), isn't new. From time to time the members of this genus of flies have cropped up in different parts of Great Britan and Ireland, have crawled over our skins by day, and have produced an intolerable sensation of itillation. The gnats or Culices have done the same on many a sultry summer night, and have added injury to in- sult by piercing our eyelids and inserting a siphon with which to extract a drop of blood, often leaving a swelling that lasts for several days, sometimes to such an extent as even to close the eye and produce an effect anything but pleasant to the proprietor, and eliciting observations from the spectator that are always uncomplimentary if not offensive. The culprit is not unfrequently captured in the very act, and taken red-handed to some very scientific man, who pronounces it a" true mosquito" - an insect with whichh he is perfectly familiar, having suffered from its bites in the West Indies, or Australia, in Cape Colony, or other far-distant locality, where he has perchance so- journed, or of which he has unquestionably heard : he will forthwith write to the local paper, and record the pheno- menon in all its sensational details. Thus originates a little panic, which is fanned into a flame by being copied from paper to paper, the culprit often being multiplied into "immense swarms," the narrative being always accom- panied by some advice for their extermination ; con- sequently everyone is anxious to exhibit a true mosquito, and all ' clever people ' are eager to master this branch of Now a mosquito is a myth, a ghost, an idea, a chameleon, a bugbear and yet must be shown, in order to substantiate the allegations that have been made respecting it ; so gnats and flies, of all kinds, sizes, shapes, and colours, are im- pounded, crushed, and exhibited as the real Simon Pure, to the edification of the learned, the confusion of the ignorant, and the great comfort of the exhibitors. The particular in sect which your correspondent has sent participates in this persecution, and may possibly acquire a popularity rival- ling that of the 'potato bug,' or even that of Phylloxera it- self. I received specimens from Ireland, and others from Devonshire, thus supporting the notion that warmth and moisture are favourable to its development, but by no means implying the probability of its increase to any in- jurious or even annoying extent. In fact, I cannot readily believe that an insect which remains dormant or unnoticed for so long a period is likely to effect an ultimate settlement as a denizen amongst us. Moreover, we have the highest natural-history authority for not deciding that such and such conditions are exclusively favourable to the increase of the gnats, which are so great an annoyance in less favoured countries than our own. Humboldt observes with respect to the Simulia and Culices and South America that 'their geographical distribution does not depend solely on the heat of the climate or the excess of humidity, but on causes difficult to characterize '—a profound and truthful observa- tion, self-evident to everyone who will think of it, for we find these insects quite as abundant about the poles as under the equator. That mosquitos, sandflies, gnats, or midges, may become, and do become, an intolerable nuisance In some countries, is absolutely certain. Between the little harbour of Higuerote and the mouth of the Rio Unare in South America, Humboldt informs us that 'the wretched inhabitants are compelled to stretch themselves on the ground, and to pass the night buried in the sand three or four inches deep, leaving out the head only, which they cover with a hankerchief.' You will also find in Mouffet's most amusing and instructive 'Theatrum' — and far more precious it is to me, with its quaint Latin and homely wood- cuts, than the most costly tome on my entomological book- shelf—you will find, I say, to what an extent these insects abound in the West Indies, Peru, and Italy, and that they are crudeles et venenati , triplices caligas imo oercas item perforantes. Only think of their biting through three pair of stockings and one pair of boots! In Doctor Harris's 'Treatise on the Injurious Insects in the United States,' a great number of truly appalling statements are made respecting these sandflies. It has been asserted during recent times that their attacks on cattle, horses, and swine are often fatal ; but this may safely be attributed to numbers, and not to individual poison. ' In Hungary they frequently swarm to such an extent as to suffocate sheep and sows, by entering the throat and windpipe. It is even said that the ponderous elephant has succumbed to these insignificant insects,' since in the pages of Kirby and Sponce we read, after details of their doings, ' It is not therefore incredible that Saper, King of Persia, should have been compelled to raise the siege of Nisibis by a plague of gnats, which, attacking his elephants and beasts of burthen, so caused the rout of his army.' (' Introduction to Entomology,' vol. i., p. 118.) Not having the means of verification at hand, I allude to this record with hesitation, and simply as an unauthenti- cated report. But, returning to the more immediate subject of this paper, Simulium reptans, Linnaeus informs us it is so incredibly numerous in Lapland as entirely to cover a man's body, turning a white dress into a black one, occupy- ing the whole atmosphere. In the north of Europe their numbers are so great that they have been compared to snow when falling thickest. ' The Lapps cannot take a mouthful of food, or lie down in their cabins, without having their mouth and nostrils filled with them.' I believe the first scientific account of this pest was published at Stockholm by Professor Freis in 1824, and a translation, or rather an abstract, appeared in the first edition of my ' Grammar of Entomology ' in 1835 ; this as well as the second edition, not published until 1841, supplies nearly the whole of the information we yet possess respecting it ; and, as these works have been out of print very many years, I think that the readers of the Field will scarcely object to its repetition, especially now that an in- quiry respecting its name has been instituted, showing that itself and its doings are somewhat unfamiliar. Happy in- deed is this unfamiliarity ; happy indeed is the compara- tive immunity which in this land we enjoy from the per- secution, the irritation, inflicted on man and beast by these seemingly insignificant insects. The eggs of the sandfly appear to be at present unknown, but the larvae are found on the stems of the (Enanthe Phellandrium, the fine-leaved water dropwort, on that portion of the stem only which is generally submerged ; they are long, cylindrical, considerably thicker posteriorly, ans almost perfectly transparent. The head is united to the body by a very short neck— so short, indeed, that the head appears continuous with the body, but is certainly not so. It has four jaws, which move horizontilly ; these are the mandibles and maillae — their offices being entirely changed on their conversion into a siphon by a process that is worthy of study by all entomologists, but I cannot stop to describe it now. The structure of the mouth in Diptera is totally unknown to our leading entomologists ; nor is this the most lamentable feature in our science, since those who ought to be our leaders and teachers often turn us aside when in the earnest pursuit of knowledge. To use a familiar but not very elegant expression, they shunt us into a siding instead of keeping us on the main line to the knowledge of truth. During the past summer infinite pains were taken to convince the neophyte that the species of Syrphus and Eristaexclusively on liquid honey, whereas their food consists entirely of dry and hard pollen granules, as proved by the immense quantity of these productions always to be founstowed away in their The second segment of the larva is thickened and pro- thus oanaWn ^tractile within the body, and other withdrawn from observation. At the which are two prehensile claspers, also catmblp n5 w*t;hin body, and thus alike ahnost exartlif T^°nc^m?Ilt ' indeed, in this respect they tfsts foraierlviS^rt® «ws claspers of moths. En'omolo 8°, because thS? these clampers lege, and very excusably functions ef IbmT wik the claspers performed all the ? — the foot in ftSl'i ^ m walking — subaqueous walking 81010 of » wSi ^ on some immovable object, as the the other end ^ aud then the claspers and «®d, the ar8 bro^ht UP fi'm'7 then reW, during the operation ; the lta full extent^Sii rt ? ^ body is again stretohed to before, ^ brOT«tt up to the fere foot i thQS the maBe®t pro food of thi« ' - 8 8 geometer caterpillar. ounoularva is unknown ? some entomolo gists have suggested that it feeds on the rind of the drop wort, others that it preys on microscopical animalcules which are floating or sporting in water. When full grown it spins a little purse-like Bheath — indeed, something rather like a silken watch-pocket — which is hung up on the stems or among the subaqueous leaves of the dropwort, and in this purse it changes to a chrysalis in an upright position; the head and shoulders are kept well above the rim of the purse, and probably it is thus made sure of the supply of atmospheric air necessary for the preservation of life. The chrysalis is very like that of a small moth ; it is motionless, of a transparent brown colour, and distinctly exhibits the various parts of the perfect insect through the skin. Attached to the back, or rather to each side of the back of the head are four slender, almost hair-like, ciliated append ages; and these doubtless serve as respiratory organs They are very similar to those observable in the lnrvre of gnats, which are adapted for breathing water, in a manner analogous to the gills of fishes. Such a provision for aquatic respiration is by no means uncommon among those larvte— and they are many — which pass ihe earlier part of their existence in the water, and are represented by several of the older naturalists in their careful and elaborate folios and quartos, which find no parallel among the hasty and superficial productions of the present day. Early in July the chrysalis, encircled in a bubble of air brilliant as quick silver, rises to the surface of the water, and there floats for a moment ; then it opens by a straight fissure down the back, and the simulium emerges a perfect fly. Another moment she rests in her bubble, like Anaduomene in her shell, and then the bubble bursts and vanishes, and the fly remains standing on the water, with so delicate a touch that it makes no impression on the liquid surface. Entirely satisfied with the perfect safety of her apparently perilous position, she walks the water a thing of life. — Edwakd Newman in the Field. 