TII1E ELLO jjr AGCOVNY IN SAN , F'lANiVCLS'CO. e[iecoac srPRo'ritn DixoN's wierst cox rUST.T] A seventh part of the population-a seventieth aurt of theI surflice-lif Stin Fran cisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer than Europeans. 'The term Asiatic quarter nlay suggest a separate portion of the city, walled off lfrom the remaining parts like Chinau'Town n Moscow ;-but the Asiatic iiarter in San Francisco is an open colony, lihke MayFair in London, like the Second District in New York. The Chinese have squalltted in the very heart- of San Francisco. China Town is rulnin over San Fraincisco, spreading to east and west, to north and south. ' The Asiatics have seized a good part of ])pont-streotand Kcarny-street, swarmed into Pine-street, invaded Stocktonanld Pacific stre: s, ancd got tiltirfeetin Californla-street. Sonime hoises inis these streets 'are ownced by Mongols. \Wheen Asiatics get their feet inside t. door they. drivi e the Europeans, out. A Europeap cannot staiid the frnice and stenclh, the dirt anal din. Thus, shop by shop, and street by street, they. crawl along, a swarm of clean and sunclean thincgs, so oddly muixed that white men shrliilk from them, iii fear and wrath, as. from a company of lepers. No whitde man likes to sleep uinder the same rosof with :i yellow man ; no white womn likes to pass througlh Jackson-street. A rookery, ad a cesspool'drive' off decent folk. Let us drop into solse of these houses, no fear of lep?er iii' our hearts, and see these Asiatics in their homnes. Pass in. Oh, Lee Si Tut ! A'sickenieig odior gieects your nos trils on his steps. A reek coines out of every door, and dist lies heaped on cvi ry landing stage. The dust of years .es.::u'ts his waisdow panes. Comipared with this Glob9 ilHotel, under Lee 'Si Tut, a-Turkish or a Spanish prison is a desert place. - The banis ters drip ; th.passages sweat... A black and fetid'slime runs a~wn the walls. ' And then iwhat press audnnmultitude of tenants on the stairs and in the rooms i ' Men swarm at every door, and crowds down every stage ; each pale ind mnelanieholy wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in yo0ur face., A name less horror seeins tod'bood in every corner of the house, ,foi out of every corner glare .the spectrol eyes of beings fevered with tan and stupilicd with drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommee odatin of a single guest, is eitlher:parted into six or seven sectiosis by a string'of mats, o shbel ed intiers all roind theo walls.' `Shelves are preferred, since no one cares to.. pay for privacy ; and a room that will only sleeip six or seven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen in' shelves. From vault to attic cachl room is foul with smoke, and black with 'dirt, and cholked with men. No less than 1500 ghastly creatures. find a. lodging day and night in this Chinese paradise I I?ooms crowded and unwholesome 1 have seen before-at a feast at Einsiedelo', ai mad-house in Naples, an cimigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on the Nile-but nowhere have. 1 seen human creatures packed -and crushed as these teilants . of .the. . Globe . Hotel ,are packed and crushed. "Lee Si Tut' lets his house, lie says,. to 800 tenants ; which wvould give hilt, in a house of sixty rooms, iecluding ccllars and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber; but the rascals cheat him, he alleges, out of half his rent, by subletting their shelves to men who occupy themi only half the day. Inquiry shows me that this story of subletting and dividing the room is strictly true.; Ki Wgok lets his shelf t' Li -Io ; Ki Wgok using his shelf.for twelve hours, and gives it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. in some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each t-wenty-four hours-eight hours apiece.. Yet those who lodge ini the hotel live in a ligiht and roomy palace -by the side of those iwsho live in the labyrinth of courts dmd styes, yards and entries, lying round Bartlett-alley. Here som'e of the white settlers of San Fran cisco throw ups their hives. The ground is undrained. The log shanties were run up hastily and clheaply, and in these 'f/eer haunted hovels, rotten with age, putrid siitih filth, ovierons swith vermin, the masses .of Mongolians make a sihome. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, they burrow in the earth. In holes unfit for dogs, you may discover ten or twelve iwastetd creatures, sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium dreamnr's, paradise. Worse still, if in the "lowest depth" there canm be as "deeper still," .is the thieves' quarter; a district running in and out of more respectable quarters with a rare indiflerelce as to,social foims. In the tlieves' quartei' it is well to have a guide and escort, for .the Chinese criminal has many curious ways, and your ramble in Ihis purlieus should ble made at night. All round Bartlett-alley lie .'the thieves' yards aud cribs ; foul ittices, falling balconies, underground keniels; with afofew spikes of joss-wood burning.at" every door. Iags rot onsthe ground and.garbage poisons the air. Slusli, squirtsat you from under every plank, and where the planks fail you the earth appears to ble nothing but a irunning sore. Rag shops aud receiving-houses hide in old pits and Ihollows unider the plank floor. In all these damip and losthsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in filth, their-pale and ghastly faces rendered visiblo by the flicker of,a recking lamp., Pal'h ! ear lurks in every.Mongol eye, and desperation glowers from evory:Mlongol face. ' In passing fr/om yard to. yard you catch the slamn of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel by an instinct that each of the iunfianis sta:idilsg behsind these planiks', halainied by strange footsteps and loua voices in the dead of' the night, is listening at his door, vithhliatlchet raised to strike or rifle ioised-to fir': ':" "Open the door !" cries your'guide in a peremptory tone, ?toipping in :front of a'log cabin, "Opeli youni dpor !" "You foblee me?" You foolbe the?" S"No, no. Open the d'oor.' " The voice is recognised from within; the dooe is slobl3' opened, and you peop:into the crib ; a cupboard us to size, but occupied by five or six men,and women. Heaps of stolen godds are oil the floor, but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are repulsed. To the inquiry; " How ? you foolee n!" we answered as before, "No, no ;" but instead of s6eing the door opeir we catch a'rapid exchange of whispers inside. "Go ; you not foolce.me!" cri's. a voice, accompanied by the click,of a rifle. " Dip and slide," wliispers our companion, and we instaiitly dip'atid slide. In; Stout's-ally and -it. theo yatds arodnd this sink of squalor and iniquity lodgeo-the partiers of these thieves and murderers, the female slaves. .Lt us' go out iiito th'o open street ! " You liae now seen a little of our Chinese quarter,". says my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea-housc about two o'clock; and odrdersa refreshing cup. " What' yon have seen in StnTrancisco.yoamay see iii Sacramento, Stockton;' San Jose and other towns. Wherever John plants his .foot he luilds a China Town, andt peoples -it ,with harlots, criminals and-slaves.a: We' get some very, cheap labor, and our financiers say tlhey need .cheap labor, "to dilveilope the country.' . What think you of the- price we liaveito pay for. ol , dovelopment'?" . While we are sipping tea on Lock Sin's balcony, ., yell. comes up from the. street belo. A Chlinese fight is on. Ahl King, a Chineses scamp, is emplo6yed bythe city officers; :and,?,i ,the, slang of his ,Asiatic counprymen, such.a .spy, is. called a ghost. Of lIte this ghost has been too busy, his celestial countrymen think, even for a paid spy; and two Asiastics who 'have just come out of gaol are setting on himi,oi noon-face with a hatchet,?the second moon- face with a knife. rloin every door in the street swarms out ia crowd, and in.an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave amid drop aldon the flags. " Excuse inc " says niy escorc, anli before I cari reply he has gdne from lmy side, King vanishes--like ghost.: Moon-face with the knifi escapes, just as mny escort swoops into the ilnfirde?ros circle ;bt .tl e.fellows with the lintclhet is arrestedL sit the spot ai.d car ried pfi to ,the city, ward. 1 His weapon, Iwhen exaniinecd, proves to bed lon! g bla de sheathed in a l:ycr of fine 'i clfli; si that, in case'of'a fatal'plunge, the blood iviuld be it once re mo\ned, and the st siailehsklnife replaced umder the White frock; as cleasi aud iiinocent'in ap pearance-s as the soft-eyed Asiatitc-.who ;had. ' plunged it into his neighbor's heart, 