LECTURE BY REV. P. HIBBERD, In answer to Archbishop Vaughan's " Second Advent Conference, " entitled ; " The Church of Christ and the Bible." PART II. We proceed to notice Dr. Vaughan's theory, on the infallible power of the Roman Church as the sole interpreter of the Word of God. The Church established by Christ took possession of the Roman- Empire, and by means of preaching she taught the truth to the people, fixed the true and genuine sense, and condemned those in- terpretations which were in opposition to her authoritative utterances. A man who speaks tqjraother insists on being understood in his own sense. So when he writes he desires his com munication's to he accepted according to their definite meaning, . and repudiates the idea that every- man may attach to them what sense he pleases, giving as a reason for so doing that he is trying to 'the best of ' his ability to discover their real import. What is left to every man's judgment, will assuredly lead to diverse opinions, and contradictory sentiments. In the matter of revelation as Dr. Newman testifies, man feels his need' of a " present informant and gnide, and that an infallible one." Is there such a "present guide" divinely appointed? Have we such an ' infallible informant " ? Our Author answers these questions in no equivocal terms; "As the Church converted and renewed the, world' before there was any book of the New .Testament to interpret ; and as, when she had: gathered it into one, she it was who de clared its veritable meaning— for she knew the mind of those who; wrote it ; so has it been in 'every age till now, and will be to the end. She put the book together, and she interprets it ; she holds it in her hand, and explains it with her mouth', and thus she has subdued the world twice over. The living, energetic, piercing voice, the clear, articulate enunciation that this is, the meaning of the writing and not another ; that' this doctrine understood in this way, and not that doctrine in that way, is the real mind of God. Such method and mastery as this alone has been able to curb the proud spirit of man, and'to teach him to submit to an Informant and Guide which conciliates confidence by the very tone of the indisputable authority with which it speaks," Once for all we pronounce this principle to be unscriptural.. The gifts bes towed upon the Church were for the edifying of the body in love. The exercise of these' gifts was regulated by the Spirit of God. The benefits tey were capable of conferring were only realised by those who possessed the discerning faculty. Paul's profound saying applied to oral and written communications. "But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God ; fbr-they are foolishness unto him neither , can. he know them, because they. are spiritually discerned; But he that is spiritual discerneth all things, yet ; he himself is discerned of no man." The things pertaining to our , salvation are not so involved that they cannot be grasped by the intellect ; given the existence of a docile and dependant spirit, then the Scriptures will be understood; and will become " profitable for doctrine, for reproof for correction and instruc tion in righteousness." But if this spirit be wanting, both the Word and the interpretation of the teachers will be incomprehensible. Fur ther we say, the plain teaching of Scripture is less difficult to comprehend than the dogmatic interpretations of a self-denominated infallible Church.' If the Church of Rome were appointed ta such a dignified position, if she gave the surest proofs of her ability to fill it creditably, we should 'find no difficulty in receiving her word with meekness and confidence, but as these cannot be proved we dispute her claim. More- over, when her interpretations are placed side by side with Scripture, they are found to be in direct opposition to its sense and spirits We give some illustrations of the exercise of this power of infallible interpretation, and to make the way plain we quote the passages of Scrip ture from the Vulgate. John vi. 54. — "Then Jesus said to them: Amen, amen, I say unto you : Except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink His blood, you shall not have life in you. " We have a per fect right to say this text could not refer to the Lord's Supper, as that Sacrament had not' been instituted. ' We will not insist on this, but allow for the sake of argument that it does refer to the Lord's Supper. The text then will teach that the distinct eating of that which represents the body, and the distinct drinking of that which represents the blood, are essential to eternal life. The Church of Rome once held it was the duty, of the laity to participate in both kinds, yet . this, is her exposition of this text : — " To receive the body, and blood of Christ, is a divine precept, insinuated in this text ; which the faithful fulfil though they receive but one kind ; because in one kind they receive both body and blood which cannot bo separated from each other. Hence life eternal is promised to the worthy re ceiving though but in one kind." Yon will see at once that, the Church's gloss contradicts Christ's doctrine. Romans iv. 7-8, " Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven and whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man to whom the Lord hath not imputed sin." This blessed ness belongs to those who believe in Him that justifieth the ungodly. So we are taught in the '5th verse. The infallible interpreters put it upon quite another basis : — "That is, blessed is the man who hath retained his baptismal inno cence, that no grievous sin can be imputed to him. And likewise, blessed is the man who after falling into sin, hath done penance, and leads a virtuous life, by frequenting the Sacra ments, necessary for obtaining the grace to pre vent a relapse that sin is no more imputed to him."' 2 Timothy in. 1C-17. "All Scripture, inspired of God is profitable to teach, to reprove, to correct, to instruct 'injustice. That the man of God may be perfect furnished to every good work." The teaching of this passage is plainly, that the Scriptures are all sufficient to impart knowledge, to rectify the evil of man's nature, and' to perfectly qualify him for the duties of the Christian life: The Church of Rome on the 'contrary, teaches that the Scriptures , are 'not sufficient of themselves. " Every part of divine Scripture is certainly profitable for all those ends. But, if we would have the io/tofe rule of Christian faith and practice, we must not be content with those Scriptures which Timothy knew from his infancy, that is with the Old Tes tament alone): nor yet with the New Testament without taking along with it the traditions of the Apostles, and the interpretation of the Church, to which the Apostles delivered both 'the book and the true meaning of it." Hebrews xi. : 21.— "By faith Jacob dying, blessed each of the sons of Joseph, and adored the top of his rod."' Turn to Genesis xlvii. : 31, arid you find a literal rendering of the Hebrew in the English version. "And Israel bowed him self upon the bed's head." A like reading Jerome gave in the Vulgate of the Old Testa ment, "Israel adored God, turning to the head of the bed," and condemned the reading of the Septuagint, " and Israel worshipped upon the top of his staff." From the Septuagint however, Paul quotes literally, yet strange to say, the reading given in the Vulgate of the New Testa ment is, " and adored the top of his rod." The preposition epi, which occurs in the Septuagint, and in the original of the New Testament, and which implies the act of learning, has been cast away, auto, which makes the staff Jacob's own, has been rendered by ejus, which makes it Joseph. An eminent scholar says : — It would hardly be credited, were it not for the disgrace ful fact, that this is the chief authority cited by the Romish Church for the adoration of images !" ' , Augustine, Jerome, and Chrysostom declared against this reading, and this is a sure proof that the corruption is the work of a later scribe who wished to give an air of authority, to the wor ship of images. But let us hear .the tnaehing Church. "The Apostle here follows the ancient Greek Bible of the 70 interpreters— which trans lates in this manner Genesis xlvii. : 31— and alleges this fact of Jacob, in. paying a relative honour and veneration to the, top of the. rod or sceptre of Joseph, as, to a figure of Christ's sceptre and Kingdom,' as an instance and argu- ment of his faith. But some translators who are no friends to the relative honour, have cor rupted the., text, by translating .it, "he wor shipped leaning upon his staff, .as if tins circum stance of leaning upon his staff were any argu ment of Jacob's faith, or worthy the being thus particularly taken notice of by the Holy Ghost." " Surely ye are the wise," and wisdom shall die with you ." 1 Paul finds the illustration of faith in two separate acts. In the blessing. Jacob bestowed upon Joseph's -two sons, and in his adoration of the gracious God who conferred upon him the power to bless the lads. . James v, 14, 15 — "Is any sick among you? Let him bring in ,the priests of the, Church, and let them pray over him, . anointing him with oil in the .name of the Lord. And the prayer of . faith shall save the sick man : and the Lord shall raise him up: and if he be in sins, they shall be. forgiven him." The only; rational meaning that can be attached to these words is, that the priests' visit, prayer and unction are all employed for. the recovery ,of the .patient. But the .voice, of wisdom speaks in this wise : — " See here a plain warrant of Scripture for the sacrament of extreme unction, that any contro versy against its institution would bo against the express words of the sacred text in the plainest terms." James v. 18 — "Confess therefore your sins one to another : and pray for one another that you may be saved." This golden rule enjoins upon us the necessity of acknowledging the wrong we have done to each other, whenever we are conscious of it. It is noble to own a fault. The act is twice blessed. It blesses him who gives, and him who receives. Such in genuousness of nature claims for itself an interest in the prayers of the good. Our " in- formant and guide" leads us another way : — " Confess your sins one to.another." "That is to the priests of the Church whom — v., 14 — he had ordered to be called for, and brought in to the sick; moreover to confess to .persons who ,had no power to forgive sins, would be useless. Hence, the .precept here means, that we muBt confess to. men . whom .God hath appointed, and who by their ordination and jurisdiction have received the power of remitting sins in His name." Let me add, from this interpretation it follows that these God-appointed and spiritually endowed priests are in duty bound to confess to those very persons whose confessions they receive. We would gladly resort to the con fessional for such a lecompense. " One to another " can only mean that the duty is mutual; but will the father confessors turn penitent confessers. I trow not. They would have too much to tell. , Dr. Vaughan calls attention to "the love and reverence shown by the Church" for the- written Word. She "preserved it pure, and watchfully kept it clean, -'from those numerous forgeries and apocryphal works, which seem to have swarmed about the Christian world in the early ages." Her "weighty" and "divinely guided authority " kept them from forming a "portion of the New Testament," and pro nounced them ' unfit to be "ranged with inspired Scripture." ' "She alone it was, through the teachings of the Sovereign Pontiffs and of Holy Councils, who, with a heavenly watchfulness, kept her eye upon all the various writings which, here and there, up and down the Church, were looked upon and read with reverence by many amongst her people. She alone it was who with a strong hand pushed theni back from taking a place beside the sacred Words of Inspiration." Through the inde fatigable labours of Constantine Tischendorf, and the noble enterprise of Messrs. T. and T. Clark, we are blessed with the largest collec tion of the New Testament Apocryphal books that has ever appeared. There are thirty -four in all, but this number by no means comprises the whole of the writings which have gone forth olaiming, more or less, some connection with the Apostles. The collection is made up of Gospels, Acts, and Revelations. The first division contains twenty-two documents, ten of which were written in Greek, and twelve in Latin. But these documents only deal with- three principal subjects — The history of Joseph and Mary before the birth of Jesus ; the Infancy of the Saviour ; and the history of Pilate. The originals were unquestionably "The Prot- evangelium of James," "The Gospel of Thomas," and the " Acts of Pilate." Tischen dorf proves that "the Gospel of Thomas, and the Acts of Pilate, existed before the year 139 A. D., since Justin Martyr refers to them in his apology published about that date." "The Gos pel of Thomas " is mentioned by Origen, and quoted by Irenseus, and the author of Philo- sophumena, who says it was used by the Nachashenes, a Gnostic Sect of the second ceritury. Now, on the authority of Dean Alford, the "Gospel of John" was written between the years 70-85 A. D. And the ' ' Book of Revelation " not later than 95-96 A.D. Evi dently, then, these pseudo-gospels were written after the " Book of Revelation," and conse quently were subsequent to the closing up of the Canon of Inspired Scripture. The other nineteen were compilations, inodifications, or amplifications, of these three. The miraculous element predominates in these books. It has been said hat "the sign which the Jew required has been given without stint." In the Apocryphal Acts the learning of the Academy is appealed to. And the Greeks who sought after wisdom are amply supplied with the object of their desire. Neither the Gospels nor the Acts were written by those whose names they bear, and therefore they were fraudulent. Neither were many of the subjects treated of based upon facts and therefore they were fictions. The external evidence against the inspiration of these books may be briefly stated thus— They were not written till after the inspired New Testament was completed. This is evident from the fact that the earliest Christian writers, such as Clement, Ignatius, and Polycarp, do not men- tion them. The enemies of Christianity, while they often quote the four genuine Gospels for the sake of perverting them, and opposing the religion of Christ, never refer to these spurious gospels, which they undoubtedly would have done if they had existed, for they, contain sub jects which would have suited their irialicious purposes better than the truths of the genuine Gospels. They are never found in any ancient catalogue of the sacred books. They were re jected as spurious when they first came into ex istence. But internal e videnae is even stronger against their inspiration. - They inculcate or maintain doctrines and practices contrary to the teachings of the New Testament. The sanctity of relics is covertly taught in the " Arabic Gospel of the Infancy of Jesus." In the "Gospel of the birth of Mary" she is spoken of as immaculately holy from" her birth, as possessing, the power to work miracles, as styled the Lady St. Mary by the strangers in Egypt when she fled there with the child Jesus, and aged Simeon is represented as wor shipping her. They are filled with absurdities and frivolous etails which appear extremely ludicrous. A woman tormented with a devil gets rid of the evil spirit by carrying and kissing the infant Jesus. A girl is cured of her leprosy by the application of the water in which the baby Jesus was washed. She communicates this intelligence to a prince's wife, who avails herself of the holywater and cures her son. A throne which ; Joseph had spent two years in making proved to be; two spans less than the prescribed measure, but this was remedied by the infant Saviour and Joseph taking hold of the throne at opposite sides and drawing it ont to the exact measure. A hoy who ran against Jesus is struck dead. A schoolmaster who flogged Him is afflicted with a withered hand and immediate death. Jesus, with his play fellows, makes clay birds, and, clapping his hands, the birds fly away chirping. So many tragedies occurred while Jesus was abroad that his parents decide He must be kept . within doors. Paul commands Thecla — a woman— to preach. He utters a deliberate lie to shelter himself. Thecla throws herself into a ditch, and the seals which are ready to devour her, seeing the glare of lightning, float about dead. Paul's sublime revelation, which he declares it is unlawful to utter, is reduced to writing, placed in a box, and deposited under his house it is dug up by a nobleman and sent' to Theo- dosius, who transcribes it and sends the original to Jerusalem. Surely such books needed the " infallible power of discrimination " possessed by the "Sovereign Pontiffs and -the Holy Councils," for how could an "ordinary mortal judgment" distinguish between them and tho inspired Scriptures ! ! Surely it- was- a proof of profound wisdom when such books appeared, many of them " pregnant with divine truths, and pious aphorisms, and mystic meaning," "their style and language " so like that of St. Matthew or St. Luke," that "many may have judged them, so far as human vision goes,1 as much the result of the inspiration hit the Epistles of St. Paul," to keep them apart' from the Scriptures!! The style of -these 'spurious books betrays them. As one says—" The pre dominant impression, which they : leave on our minds is a profound sense of the immeasurable superiority, the unapproachable simplicity and majesty, of the' Canonical writings.'' A» ordinary class in the Sabbath-sohool sitting in judgment on them would— if; able to subdue their risible feelings — denounce them as silly fables or atrocious falsehoods. Dr. Vaughan proceeds to show that :the Church recognising her responsibility, has grappled with the various heretical systems from the Corinthians of Apostolic times to the Secularists of our own. He tells us the present "century has been distinguishing itself for its steady advance in an infidel direction, and for a system of antiquarian research, philosophic criticism, and historical analysis which bids fair to strike the sacred Volume from the hands of those who reject a divine Custos and Interpretes of the holy Bible." But "the Church which has systematically condemned the mutilators, and false interpreters, and scoffers, at the sacred Volume, and which declares that it is her high commission and imperative duty so to do,— can logically and with the authority of ages, oppose herself to this surging tide of infidelity which is spreading over the world." Now either this is a ridiculous boast, or else the Romish Church has been shamefully remiss in the exercise of this power. France and Italy were its chief strongholds for centuries, and yet. these countries are more sceptical than any others under heaven. If you want to see secularism rampant, go to France— the country which Cardinal Manning describes as being under the peculiar protection of the Blessed Virgin. If you desire to see scepticism of the worst type, go to Italy, and especially to Rome, the 'centre of the Catholic Church," where the Supreme Pontiffs have reigned for many generations past, and you will find Romans who, were brought up in the True Church refusing -to swear by the Bible, and casting it from them as the vile production of designing priests. Further, the condemnation of heresy is not the way to destroy its power. The Saviour silenced the cavils of the Sadducees by potent reasoning based upon the Scriptures. In like manner Paul reasoned with the Jews out of the Scriptures "proving and alleging that Jesus was Christ." The deniers of the Resurrection were met by logical arguments which awept away all objections, and established the truth upon a durable basis. A mind won by, such a method is a treasure which the Church should hold m greatest estimation, but a mind which bows to an ecclesiastical mandate because the Church utters her voice, is not worty of a man whose grand prerogative is to "prove all things and hold fast that which is good." ' Protestants acknowledge the right of all men to think for themselves ; but they hold- that every man is accountable to God for the right use of his rational powers ; hence there is a decided boundary line between the devout student and the impudent denier. They endure the contradictions of sinners, ' but they do not allow those contradictions to live in peace. The defenders of the truth in "these eventful times are not Roman Catholics, but Protestants. The Church of Rome curses those who differ from her. The Protestant Church contends earnestly for the faith once delivered saints not with carnal weapons, but with the great power of truth. In this way she assails mean prejudice, antiquated opinion, proud dogmatism, scientific pretension, and every other foe to the honest understanding of the truth which God has given man" as His heritage for ever, and which He requires' to know, in order to build up a great life and good character 