W Ki LE YAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. Ymiuiiu«, ccning the annual meeting of the AVwloynu ¿elkelist Foreign Missionary Souety was held in the. Bombt stitt t ehureh, Fuiry Hil« Hiiro wat? a. good attemlnnci! Tho Hon Geoigo Allen, M L C , jnesidcd [liemeeting «os opened with singing uid pnjor oifereil b) Eer G Hurst Tho CHAH M tN congratulated the meeting upon the return of tho iiinivcrsaij of thi missionary meeting If bwniiinotj did not leceno him, this was the. fl8th f-nni veitarj meeting of tho Missiouaiy Society m New South "Wale* Ho wnb present atthe lormation of the society in 1820,anillolvul been present at almost overy meeting >nm BJ» had had tho honour of holding olhui -w secre- tan for some yiin, aud for very man} ytura li had been a most unworthy truisuroi, for wini» h ho hail held tlir oflite norninully and dem ed the lnuonr he had not dono much of tin work no oould recollée, ««11 whcii tho lust meeting of tho sen icty was held m lí-,20 Bi tlintiglit thcro mw nut i ne besides hmisi 11 present then who win present nu that ouusion, m the Maequano-struct oliu'd lacy considered at that time they hud a gi and uudiciu «, but then that httlo chapel wa« only cipablt, oí aiceiimietintin^ 100 pooplo They went, on mi te. wing fi nu year to MM Ho thought they collected about C¿IO tin first jiar, itbont £270 the second, and thoy went on increas- ing until lliej hod now a much lui ger sum in huid He lotiltl mullett thu foniialion of the mission m longa, and tinu ho hod tho honour of entcitaining a ltaialougan it his lioiiEc Un also reeollectcd tho formation of (ha Fiji minion, ,uid lit had hud tho honour of eutertain mg the King of liji Ho would not del¿m tuon farther than to sa«, tins-that the little «.nd «own in 1820 bud bi on gilt forth a -nor j gre «it tm. Ihe) nmtibuid a fe.\v hundreds tutu, they numbeied tliounindii now , and all be limped was, though he mt^bt not bo B) med In sec it, that thi ir laboms would sa mt ru v,i (lint instead of thousands they might number millions (Applaus« ) lht- Rev B CIIAIMAN, scoietaiy, read the annual re- luit nu follo-AR - itipuit oi the JSoircl of Management of the Auutruliv-iun -tyts le«aiiMi"iomirj hauet} lor th« 5«->r 1876 1 lip annual mi itin" ot the society belni' held hcforothi list of ti ntiibulions for 1875 ure sent in, the Hotrel of Muiiiiircmnnt Mit to submit to tin milisiiibcrit llic iiiiouuts for tin ycirlh7l, «nliicU Mire closed ami muli ted time luonthb after tin last mumal ran tmir itituiitt Animusiiiv sei nets and subsci lplions. rttuvttl it Minim He use, £25 is ad Home distilas -New Routh Wal -. - »Jtlnej Di tncl \uxibuj, ti (10 17s lOil , Bathuist ditto dit'u WH3s 'd , Maitland ditto ditto, ¿173 9s «Sd , Armidale anti «iiolton tinto «into, £/4 7s 2d , Goulburn ditto ditto, ¿398 1'J3 Jtl toni ¿1SH5 17s -lil Uuiciislaud District Auxilurv¿ 143 Ils M »«.ton -Millttmrnt »îstiictAimînuy.lilïtHb 'id , ficctoiii, «¡nil II ill-n i ditto ditto, £ii79 4s !)d , Castleniuuic and Sandhurst «Utttiilitti £807 IN lid , 0\em mid Murraj ditto ditto, CU1 m <il , Wi«tern district ditto ditto, £130 ie total, £3118 <>.« Su Infill nu lhstriit \uxiliur), £863 0s W South Au, tr Hu-«siutli Distriu AiiMhai«,, £184 ISs 3d , North ditto «litw, lAiilsSil utal f.7dU 7e Ud Western Australia district AMI mr, £lii «j.. o<i NLH /oiund Vmkliind llutnU « M .(?'ül(5,' kl i Jaraimlu aud Wanganui ditto ditto, ¿7 f >\tlliiii.lonilittiidittu, £14 ion Sd , hilson ditto ditto, £7 f I« , I «Munni«, ditto ditto, £Jt> Ils lOd JL17J «v» i « Mission Districts Friends Islands l)ii,tnct AHüiur-., £43.i l* , himeia ditto ditto £3'5 8« ii)i Dii Hie \itAilnn, £7345 11B lOd , ditto oil account, 1,173 "J «litio linds, ¿2J4 11s 5il , Itotuuiuh «nuit, ¿19 18s Gd , «Jin , liir",d lo Home Committee, £150 Ht, Oil (Otaio iiMii t Uuliurj io next real, ¿113s 2d), total, ¿W,0l4 is mi I mm ut,, -rmnuiy Ishnils distnct, £2071 15s VI .,, Î!i!' 1H1 ' K lKl ? liji ditto, £0002 lb Id , ilotumiih «nenn, 1411 Ss rinniM mission, £i01 15s , new imision, £400, HtuiBod iiiibMiinuni, £720 HH Üd , theological motriiition tor Msioiurji,n«lnImn1£i4 4i7h general mission, ¿JU1 14«, 5d , ii. ÎÎ "J1 ' c«lV"il,c mount, ¿20Ï Us lOd , John Weah,}, £10 M 1U lil loiul £14 1141 Is ll.l iw it mi (Xp"" Uurt «eceücdtho munno by £150, rendel .iiiiiiim i ? iM . ° im? "',on tl,c 1Iomc Conunitlct to that mi5 ? ,Í?V"5 "'t0 bt eonpriitnlatcil upon *viry (.ratifying In nu? , "'"^ UMn« ,rom lht ordinnrj sources mil l.r «,' , ?TVlmK \^lls ll,e ,olm Wtslej haa P»"l her expenses «pi li,"',t'° "u,!t'>1 the «.ouctj, but this year txlcnsm «-li»ii» uil ,\1m ", '' out. w hith has resulted in .a tonsidci ¿bit wini nu othti huh 3«lïiî»'.lui1 p"ld fur '"tercbt has been large, but univoulablt, to«wtul.r ¿.'J u"lhl''eTtlou whether bj making the oollet wwnmLi ,1 \\*-"' U1»1 by p ompt remittent, of imsuon ** Mu«T ' em 01 "Pimhturc might not be tomauera "*italÄa11 "Uomion to the increased liabilities they have H<>1 bi tl" ,"" V'!"U"-"H,1B a ncw mission 'lhcv arc tnooitr *}»W hi Mi îî ." th,lt «'is enterprise has the appro» ni and »Mi working"""'1' 0<ame<-u°n, an«! they beitvc th.it tht «oleiiues jni f ?! °,ul naibsionarj organization throughout the ""?«lilli fiinik »tgard te the expenditure w»U supply tho ; Í13W3T01"'- m 1"unu to «edit of 4hc Jlabonc Mtioonal is ^luî^*1i2,nTblTnra. &B;%C baal Tnt mi *mt-e tlîc lft*t -"«1 Mu Jw i} iT1.'"-1,' '.'soniini.limilj.tol'iii, Re» f 'Wlv"mjiÄ*1i,,,,Rot,,uuau' B" O- Brown, with a lund or 3-«''8ha7.Ä jmn Cacht.re't0 N'-w Britain, Itcv. F and Mrs I »'«H hi*¿Vib i, ptní hc,v^ mantíaa ,n tllc «-»lonies to »moa oí smiotr' ^ aUo ^ rcturu to lm im a '«"ti"* ite'ffiii^U.h«i*k',0,"iOi ^, n-?rccT«°«l> »ho wa., ^J^flnlliirT^,, .',t0 U*V1- hl8 Htetion m the r-ncndlj a «*? t m tÍAÍL0Í ,aet, ycai" Mr «««»wood will take »« «K som to r« T,s f8 ' ? ,a,1'") m" Uev ^'"'e0 Minns, who, 'lie Ro\ w.iifi^,, 1°î »bit! to «turn to «lie mission work : »alUftble "J1T,,'letcha- han iulBllcd a Bccond term of wort at «otumali, and now returns to tht «olomul îi«nui»iM .So^ *t,?.r"tlic P«"1"1«' «f a steam launch foi the Sli b Hu ¿j r0k;,m"uh?r ."no»."'«! CtOOO, légaos of the late «vctmoi ' «"»"Ulla, by M. WiUutm Kart, of Xaunteston, ^'WIOIIS Tlr.l.., M ?"''" "?" "'«""¿UV '" »> Vi H., « li, .im^íl" °',lh0 Co»i«<-ncc of the Ausifit "»"l catuit" is ¿Í>'biCímr?U -,0j ntral orprineipal «UUont »w-ali'n, ,hè,s 'iií. bF of chinches. 854, number of other "*i'"»'tiiiiUon»*!1"A,m1',6!l,nn»c«. 1Ï. native mumttiH and ^"«l ttath.r" ^mn ' .g>>«-h)">,»>«> head tcithers, 3J0, dev "ho»l lima,,,' i»?" (F,i,' deaths to eleduct) , Sibbati. .¡'«"lim ia,.' '«J» J'y- deiitlis to dtautt), local wtl1 ibuM, Ul'íM hlàtri" W33, full mJ'iiitn r»u aienibti^ 2(¡m; on tru) Iw t,buii.h n eui»cr«hip, 50.0: catechumens, 2107 ; BaVbalh schools MU , häbb.lth-i ttiools scliolm o, 48,475, less l-'ljl death i ate; day s iho di. l.'tOn ; day scholars, 66,(108, loss FIJI (leiths ; iitlcatlontB on;l'ublio woiship, 113.801. In the List ycar'n report it was uUtcd tint a missionary would be pint to Wall's Island iu> soon as a suitable man could he round for the «cn Ice. We regret that this lins not yet been done, lint the urgency of thi" ens« is not forgotten. 'I'hc mission to tho Mnntls ..off the tant coast of New Guinea bai bein commenced, and »footing han been gained on the i-1 aid « ti! New Uritnin, New Ireland, anil tho Duke of York, l'or parti culiirs we icier to a subsequent part of the report. In reporting upon the condition of our missions we shall begin, as tislmi, with ?IKK «HIBIIOK TO Till' CIllNTtSI! IN VICTOIH». Two fjliinc.se agents ure sustained bj- the society in this colony. One-Hev Icong on Tong-rcsidrs nt Castlemaine; he visits his eoimtrj men In the neighbourhood, und ocea-ionally extends his jOHiiiejHto h.miUmrst and its vicinity ; Ids lu.« ours have, the past ji.il, been ciowncd with success. On the first hubb ilh in last iSo«i(lnbi'r « \eiy intei<>ßtinij ser«.ice wiui held in Wesley Church, Cistlenninc, ut whii h the S.tcinmciil of llnptisni was administered to four Chini's« lontcitH. The Rev. Moy Ling is stationed in the city of Melbourne, where he has a very extensive and important field of labour. He also sometimes visits his countrymen at considerable distances up the country. During the year a Chinese convert, who has given satisfactory proof of piety and ability, has been taken into the society's service as a catechist. He will have educational advantages, and those who know him believe that in due time he also may be usefully employed as a minister among his own people. The statistics of this mission are not yet to hand ; but while we are oft discouraged by the migratory habits of these foreigners, we have much encouragement in this work hearing, us wo do fron» time to time, that the influence ol' our converts is felt even in China itself. Hy direction of the last General Conference, application lina again been made to the committee in London to scud us an l.nglish minlstei who can speak the Chinese language, that hu may fiiptrintend IhiH important . ranch of our wnik. We regTCt to leuT tliut the Home authorities »re not abV- to help tis in this iiiiitlci. We lievc in t, ho«vcTor, yet ilis-charged all the claims which these imndinoiils have tij on n«. Clicat inimbeiii til Chinese are Hot king to uni thci n lini,ci!»l.md ; and there is strong prob ibilitv tliut ninny will settle then- peimunently. Among them it will surely be our duly to eniliiivoiu, m eoniuiiotioii with other Chuielie«, to establish the oidinanecs of Christianity, s-nii'viu.«. rji.Oiijs DISTRICT. 'Hit; .lohn Wesley nrri\ed svifely in harbour yesterduy, from 'l'onpii, brinping the ii&tiul; report«-. Letters lecciveel irom the mimtoiiarit'i dnving the year have bein highly satist'nctorj. The Vavan uircuil hi», bien hli-sscd with a poweiful revival-of religion, anil some hundreds have joined the Church. In lloubni three promising young men have volunten ed to gn to the new inisiinn. The now ecclesiastical arrangements irmâY by the bet C'onfertnee hare benn tarried out, ,md tims far have worked well. One point which was provided for was that the nntivc ministry .intl agency genrvnlly was to be sustained entirely hy the Witnc Chuieh. This lins i ecu done generously. The snper inleiitlent mtnintcr of the Tongo labu Circuit writes, after the J une i|unrterly meeting :-.' Our steward« had more than £100 in hand .ifterimying the stipends of the eleven native ministers." The Ile«.. J, );. Moulten writes of the same meeting :-" A better i'iiiirtirly meeting than the last I do not wish to intend," Of Toban College he says-"'ilio college is fuller than usual. and the iiiiosionnrie' arc recog mung it« value more und nioic, vihich is to mc tin ¡?Hnte"-t lftoinniinilnlion " i ho Septomber qiiurtnily mi cling was ti]na!l» prosperous v>itli its predites'oi. The oh nunan infortns us that the people of the Ninns huvi tontnbutnl 1100 tor it st linluishipin Tuhiiu itilligc ; tint jSHO lind b' en raised foi tin irtttion of n vruiksliop lor the indu>triil HI hod, which lins urimilu «mut MutesM 1 he day schools ine much improved, and tin attendante lu better 'Hint a nntive inspictor and n singing mii&tor; hud been appointed for iho day schools " Of Oin mis su nary nurtingR he vîntes in Oitobtr hist-" Vaviiii insolar MU pns-teg anything Hint lins been known befoie Juvénile nii' pioiuin inictlnp«, Neintu branch, not jet lu Id, have rni"cd t.3181 , lliiulmi. Jbîlttl, i-d oin t lill el of the circuit meetings still tnhold " \\\i now I«urn the tall amount contributed in this dittritt - Ioi«ian mimions, 11(194 ISs Hd , bonn missions, £1010 2- id , lonuiitiicimtnt uf effort in tniumenioiation of juli.lii, the smonnt lo be impended in longa, ¿Gul 5s Id News linn unit i eui lied u« that some tune in November u Imrrkiinc swept over these îslnnds, that neat tlanmge lui« hi cn dom to the proptrtv on i hore und to tho shipping. Wt rei-ict to lenrn that some hvts have bien lost, but partti ni irs a-c not Ml to bund The nii'i-i.lll ling »ins not in the group lit the 'uni lorimniv interesting particulars tonceroing our work in 'Ins ilistrut vii must refer jon to tile dihtnot report, which will lie pnbtiihctl Rhortly SAMOA uisrniiT Our hirtlmn in tins district have received mindi i ni ouriige li mt during tin' venr-Ijod lins bli ssed the imnistiv of Iii-, Wind Hu church mi lilli« rship ut Hie district lins increased from 10J5 to 1Í17. IcavinR f 20 mi trial for membership. '1 ho brethren deem it mct'sary to nij that this i beering addition is not obtnmid bj political inline net, nor by proselj Using pi actives, hut thatitis Hie tiutcoiiii of lbe working of the Divine s.pint upon the bernis ot ti i pt opie. I bl" ri v ivcd religious tiding seems general 1 he lpporls tell ot the hiippp death of two tcaohcrs in the po*t »car Hi cat inttri st ha-, been displaved in the missionary meetings, mid the amount raiicd is far in advance of tho previous yeal 'I he schools do not appear to give satisfaction ; but there l-, ground of hope that, with tenchi rs better qunhticd, such nu tho I raining Institution is now beginning lo supply, they will produce bcttei ii i-u It« 'I he hope of annexation or protection by the Oovemment of tin I luted htatcs has dimppcaied But Colonel Stcinbcrgcr, tin viuenriui citi/en, lins rctiiinid to Samoa with loiters recom- an ndntoi j from the President, mid is trying to nuki up u milne government, by winch it l8 thought ptatt luaj be pre- st rv ed iiji nisriucr In tonfcqucncc «i some accident 01 ovirmght at present un i\\]luncd, tin minutes of the annual ilietriit mcetng held last (le¡oler hue not irrivcd In the ub=incc thenforo of ollicial lctiirns, we shall hi obliged to present stati itns obtained irom I iiTalc sources, which must be ii«, iriti ii IIB under con cotton 1 iji was nnnexiel bj Gnat lintain in the month of October IMJ, «nil is now ruled is a Crown colony I ho hrst Govcinoi MI \ Cordon, entci ed upon the important dutus of his oftlie i «.eral months ago In tin mtiresiof the native raoc we nins . lijoic« in Un estai hahment of Jlntisb authority and law Nve 1 n\ t uheady ample proot that his L\iellency the Governor tike» n tkcii interest in the welfare ot thi people ovir whom lie rules It KIM.» tis great sati«l ution to lind that »ir A Gordon, who mie-l be admitted to bl a mo't ccmpttiiit i nd mpai ti U observer lum lily iccogni-is tht vam of our missionai y operations lltnrwg on this point tv« «|uote from hrs I^ccl lencj's rqlj to nn lddreis recently presented to bun by um uiissionnriis in I-iji llc«av», ' lielori having bjelncy, I Blatcu liibliclr inn pit loan address then prestnted la mc, tint an CB phalli itiO|,i)itiori ol the lahoma of voui «ocutv in tlu«c isliu e)s was on tin part ol their («ovcinoi, only the ditclmrgi 01 n obvious ilulj Kimi im arrival ni the lolony I IIIIM oienno ni eulo alter tina opinion but, on tho contraj-v, I find t*i it the lioroughiiess ol the work «Juin iMieda ni) expectations, -mil 11 it li« woik has 1» cn conducted with a lugcnev« of view and libci jin j i Í -pint w huh 1 must ionics I lina hardly ventured to milieu, uti " Hu punt in ii «ii tin jeir has Inn tht. visitation or incases I ti t dun d on tin rituni ol the < «, King mid hw suiti fro n ?".ililli in ti» bisinning of 1875 Details ti the most hiinowim. description hail bein pubhslii ti in the notiocs from mi to turn, «Inch meei nut Li lepioduied m thi« ripin lit fundan me soiiitj will, howcii, t«,pcct tn lu ir ot thi tilt its oi this ilitndful siour(,e \b to tho number of di allis, tht It How nig pin lu ulai s have bien numil bj thi uiissionnriis - II u limul, 22 i ttitluits "iii louil ]iri- leilira 58 class kadus ISH5 numbers ot the Church- totJl lniludint hcneis, 8237 lte wa lu Jlüy list the returiiH wcic not < umplitc, but ihcj- had 'ost OMr 8000, of whom 84 were catochists and local priaehers ml 1011 intnibt rs «f the Chunh, bimi, oni third of oui iicimr^ in tbiitl in our preaclir", and onc- fouith of our iniiubiri m tb tnrtuit lu thi Knndiivu cirimt 1811 dud out ot ii populi Inn 11 10,1)00 ihi follow. In,, stiteimnt of thi lo«ses if oin (kurili m tin entire district by dtath lrom tin» «pul mu. un», le takin nb approxiinatelj loutit, namely -Nativi ministers-, J cntichistH, |5U locil pnailici", 2 0, c1 iss it idol s /Ou ,£ (huiih iiiiiiibns, «000 ; with a lugo number ol ittiiKUiuis on public worship, nuking a total al 35,00 linse ltib Cb ni dceplj ftlt i ntl thij scnoubly ntTcxtoiii w«ik Hie rem itks of mu missionary on this sub) ot nnj hi tilín as gnitrillv ipplicnble to the whole dibtnct,- Wt e\\]niiencB the tieaU-st difficult-tin Biippljing tht piicia of the tutrchists who lmvi elied, so that wo have bein foi cid to le ive eine c1 oin towns vacant for the picint Hie. ranks ot our liinl prenchn-b from which ive recruit mu uiUclust.-i, have bun o thinned bj «leith that few riniinn who arc quulieVd to tiki tliiifciol towns" Of thosi who died, weare ussurid mimbil, du ti well, trusting in Christanel His atoneinint, und v ci j fi» indi ed arc known to lune sought comfort hya littiiu to tin god tf liiatheiiipin It is e lubi ot refci t, though iiitninly not otsui in i tlut til inhabit mu 11 some towns which hld iiientlj-b lu lotucel ib to »How Chii- tnin teachers to riside union, ti nu, will »-o terrified bj the fntBl epidemic bidnving it t, 11 suit bj their hcatliin t,oris as u punibhmtiit, that tht j oruillj rt ited-ind drove nwuj their te ulura Hut though oui nulli n li frnrfullj thinned, tue woikofl.od tloiB n it stand still In Hie hnntlnvu ciruut Iii ptisons wen lccnvid on tri ii for mein In-lnp in tin Diccniber minter twelve niw chipis wu t pencil foi public worship, one of them is built ol stone an 1 rlivtnif lim« Ali Kooncj wntl»? from Loma t oma undudit Dei rinliir 10th, ' J hen set ins-to be. quite a moví uiiiuiig tin I rople ut piCbcnt a gi « at min j have lately joined c1 iss, about lim ty win ndmitttd veettrduj, and among thurn eivci ii win wen noiorioiih loi wukedness ' Hit hbn ihtj to llie mi« loiun eiusc in 1 istiin liri, hiaomayid us beyond me-ibuii I »lte nh ( li nut h is rased ¿7 11 11s Oil, und I oma Loma 11508s bd , in tin lan of ul thnr lo'fis t«,« lcjoicc lobe iblc to infonii our fninds that the leportul wrtik ot tin mi-sion sihooner lubilcc is not count His tun that Shi was drmn on the lcif and was m gre it d linn but loving hinrtfl and stiong hunda cann totbo risuu., mil a sin iii sum williipiui tliinjuij sustained Wchopeto publish in tht norn is the ltiv I I ison'« graphic account of ho« tin Ile«. Dai ni Atu rnd Ins voting men hilpid to save the jubiln lion UAH min ir J lie Rtv ''A Hctchu, hiving completed ii second term of honourable and useful service on Rotuiinih, has i durand to til lolonv Iht He» I bomas Mool e Inn sucttecitd it r llttilir mid we have lienid of hi-, saftainvnl, uni of his chceiful and lout) upphcition to Ins great work Wtie it not that ti» > Honii h piicbts íesidc on tins nlnnd wc nngbt withdraw oin niisMonin, ind leave the stition in thargo of n native nuiustei AVi ititi to the artint report foi interc ting detail» of oin vvmk i nd onlv îdd that wc have not laboured m vain licit when in n 1 opulntioii of 26CX) wt have a mtHibtrshipot 555, with 57 on Uni lulu t) lldrcn in otu ethools Tin iivw Missies lo the Jlev ( corgi Brown 'Aas tnt usted the leidcrslno of this i ntcrpi se He embarked in the John Wfltj, which sailed ii oin bj dm j in the latter end of April last, on htr usual annu ii vojagt to lui, Sunou, and Itotuinnh An ample supply of B oits loi tut use ol tht tcaehtiß v is put tin hoird A short timt before the vessel w is to sail, tidings reached us toiitcining the lavabos ciused by measles, which led to * thangt ol pinn 1 o in old the «langa of spreading the contagion dirtt tiiuiH wtie given not to taltcttathtisfiom Iiji on tim tup, but to srek tlitni in Tonga and Samoa The vessel was dtt lined hi V lind our ixptctation, and the del ij stems to have been over i nlt.il foi jjood , for, on tht AVtslpj's arrival m Fiji tht public. health wu-i so Uaiich improved that it was detraed perfectly «ifc to cairj out tht tonuiiitttc's onginal p'in Mi llrt/wn tbvruori, took with him eight teachers for Fiji, some interesting pirüuilars illustrating tht devotion and i liri ui>m of these men have been published On arm ing it Saino i the mimbil of the mission was augmented bj the addition ot two Jhcj laen pioceedcd to the new mission calling on thtir vvaj at j linlumah, and taking on board tht Rev, W 1 letehci and fitnilj, 1 who .»iiteda pass ige te Sjdnej 1 Iht lltld of niissiunai j toil, and wt believe Bucees«, m which we dtbired to land our ( hristian labouitib is an t-ctejisivo sjstem of lsltntls, or ¿Tonps oí islands, in form, almost, of ¡t circle It lies ÍÍ AV. of tht Solomon Jshnds, between the l^tjuater, and 7 degrtes «oiith latitudt, and fcctwtcii tht cast coast of New Guinea and 114 dranes cast longitude JTiis BJ stem coniprmes on the nuith Hit ^rtiuinlry Croup then î»ew Hanuvei and New Ireland on the tust, « number ot small islets dignified by tin munt of the Ihiir of York, with the largt island of jVtu 111itnin trending MMftb and 'wet and the vabt isnud con tmei tot r>cw (aiiineu on (Ita. west Jhcsi islands att tht home of a I u j.0 population, and they he in the pathway of oi mmerco If the ptople aie not boon savtd by the tio»pol,¡;thoy must penah tbrouph inevitable eontact with thi white man On 14th Auirust last ti, Wcsliv -»IIB abreast of Capt Cartau t, North Islind, and a t mot Jiuic off lo tht ship and tht ivxt day, whith was "îuiidaj ?hi dropped i nchor in Port llmitci fXikc ot Yoik Islands For jit« «itint panieulais respecting the *ountry, the people, and then cm toms, the choice of «¡to for mission hou% the erection ) herne de , We inustlcfer lethe publWicd letttisof HtVB Geo gc Jin vin und AV 1 letchci Irimlli 11 ow i 's hist letter, dated 24th October, seven weess lifter the AVislcj's dcpuituie, we wtit glad to hear thil nil the noinbcis ot tilt mission were will Hint two vi its lu.d been paid to New Jlrtnln, one to New irclnid audio sei t nil places m the Duke of Aork dustei Vi al nlciin tint in tverj plan without execution, Mi lirown lind bren ric heil in afiiti dly ninnnii livoof the tendiera hld bein sent to Ncdup N It , one was to RO to nillup! or Ilcndtr noi's l«lnnd two to î»cw lielnnd, and for the present the re in-iii ing five at dirt rent | laces nmong the Duke of Aorh Islands A vcrj 1 rge an ount of work has I otu done in a short time, and for tht ibilitj todo tliswoik we iircindeltcd to the facilities viTnrdcd »j the stism launch, which we were able to ohtnin tim nth Hu hbirnlitj of Mr Hied leicht re li ive been stationed an on», i copie who i xprtssid a dc-in to hove them, nnd who hive given somi proof of the mnocrily of tlulr elctirt by I lidding u sulliillt hoiiHc for the tinchtr A ltvicvv of the circumstances in willoh this mis»'on has been loinnitntcd convinces us that Hu good hand of our Gd las bren upon us Vic beliivt Ile will continue to dil cot and sustiin his servants in this work, and that ero long we shall litar that Hi j are beginning to leap a i ich spiritual harvwt AV trnft, also that the results will vindicate tht wisdom of our mode of opening out this work m linly hy li-vtlvc agency And if thi- si otild bi Hie ia e then shall we discern a bright prospect of the sptedj evingelismg of the numerous isles of the grcit Southern ocean A\c toniludr by mentioning rome of our want» We want zealous nblc missionaries lor our older missions in Fritndly 1F1 nils -ind 1 iji, to diiict our work, and to mould and train Hie multitudes if line men whom tht Gospel has saved, mil vi hose service« nrc needed so much llore is a field whiih innj well «nkindlc the lires of holy umbition in the hc-irts of the very best of our young ii e-n lor tin new mission we want such men not only to direct nnd unlnmto our native helpers, latal«oto acquire and undcr sti nil ti o lnn"ua(.e so as to | Ive the people the prieilcss trc ison , tht woid of Cod i ml other books Yvc want funds, our work is ni ccs>-nrilj costly mornv is of far less value than men still we ?nantit mid must have it And -while jour liberal gifts will assist our wolli it is no mean proof of jour lovt ot Christ and Ins ?work Biil^we want vour prajcrs. Our work m a spiritual work Ils mcctss will I c «tcured by prayer Piavirvvill give us men of the right stnmp It will make the Chinch hbeial 11 will «-eciirc Hu Divine protection for the mm vu send an ong the hi nthtn It will secure BUOCCSS of the highest kind linn piaj always and do not t unt ' Rev JAIII / WATT imouhii said that m IIIB official posi turn as Ircsident to tho Conference ho rose to movo the following resolution,-"Hint the îeport, nn abst'aet of wini li bus been lead, bo adopted,nnd printed and ciroulated order the direction of the committee, nnd that this mect irg would tiler its thanks to Almighty God for the encou raping tokens of His favour which Ho continues to i xtend te. the optiotions of this society " It (,ave him great píeo- sme te prépose n mutation to adopt a report of so favour- able a nature, and to return thanks to God for the favour He has shown te Ibc society It was now twentj-two ?»ears since he attended a district meeting wbon the late lie lort "V ming sought their acquiescence in a plan te sepa into tbemstlvcs irt.ni tho paient society, and constitute themselves in aflllmted connection Ono of the subjects then debated was the advisability ot the jiopostd Conference Inking charge of tin Poljmunn missions, and ono argument in iuvonr of the prijessi was that it would mist likely encourage tho iommlK.il of omission to New Guinea and tho aeljatent is] mels Astho piojoscruf the two icRolulions whu h tilt mettir g adopted on that occasion, ho now felt peculi ir jliasuic in stunding there that ni(-ht to ho ir suth an cn tiurnijii g npoit rtsjctting lho istablishmint of a musenn n those lsbmds A Cbuioh ot tho iNow Testenitnt mu t bo lheioughly imbued with tho missionary spirit, ituiUht bl a Chuirh iipgiessive in its spirit, toing forth te seek mid io faye the li st Jv o Methodist Church in Australia would be thtioughly A\ esltjan unless it warmly supported tho n issiounrj cause John A\ cslev novar considered his peiatiotiB confined te tbo United Kingdom-ho said that tbeweild was his parish AVcslty was tho means of iiwiKCLirir to Lliiiat two negroes, who lorined the ntitltiiH of tint little hand that has grown to over ¡(KOO McthodiBtB, BCrtttei ed over the "West Indi i Islands M esliv had also an intense dcsiro to do Bomethmg for tho Last Indies He trenched and printed a inissioua-y sei men, in -which ho laid dow nthc manner in which ho thought ii j i< li bli thal 1) t Gospil wi uld spread Ho rpolce of the mmcngeis 11 the GOBJCI finding their way to China and Jnpi,n Ono diflieultj, howevtr, remained in tho heathen ism of the lsh ntB ot the bouth bcas Wesley knew not lit w the Gosj el WOB to leach tho BavngCB in those f ir-dis iHnt hirds, lut he bclnvcd that, if neceB^ary, some special m inifetlalien would a)piai, but dod cmld aid would ? I cn up a v ay for the inhabitants of theae islands to hern 1 o sion of Chnst And little did ho suppose that, lon¿ before the Gtspil had reuehed tho heart of Africa, China, i Jnpun out entuc troup e t island« would receive tho GOB I c1 at the 1 anda ot Methodist, i rcachers, and that King liccrpe hiiiiFelf would become a Methodist local preaoher that IIB feinions should bo triniRhi!i«d into the vernacular it those lslnnds and that- most of tüo natives should be Î» ilhodnts nid that ti o Humln would raise lost year tl4,H0 foi iiiism i aiv jurjoses (GhcerB ) Horewehid with us tho B moi tutor of lubou College And when loin A\ cr lev c«u nutted that seimon to tho press little did hi ihn k that seine liflj four years alter Mcthodi't iiissiiuniKB vuuid visit »in »her largo and thickly popu luted tioup of islands, and bruie to the clear light of day its ht md canniLalisni and nu ny other debusing «.in», little did he think that a Methodist preacher connect« d with thin ( oi feiu.ee should wi'h th-itpliuiitivo plea " Pitv lei j cor 1 lji so lou« tho reqlo called MothodiEts IIB lo lead thi m to say " lhtso bles, dstuined islands «.hall lave tho Gospel at «nee from Methodist ii]s ' little did ho think that BOUIO ninety jcsis after ti at woi dioua sermon was preached, TIJI, the i ce (»nuil ni 1 lji would bo voluulnnly ceded to Quoeu \ lcloini, aid the entile (,iouu bee/mo part ot the IJutish 1 nine tliut lit ex Un (., 11 itiiiu of war and blood fain 1 Bvoulh, v cold visit thi» lu d an accredited member of ila Mtlhcdihl bi ticti and btuiidingup lnthwvoiv «Impel ij that ii ali tht wiidious Eighth he «iw 111 t>yduey n te wus nine j,lnddei 111.11 his ejes 01 d htiut thau HUB 1 apel eiuwded with elildrtn connected with Wesl jan MtihidiBt bi bbith sebo Is (Cheers) little did John Wesli) thiiih that bcfoio 1 tontury hid elapsed, «ii 1 ¿U (Huvtitcd 1 ljiunB vu nul be 3»l¿.thodiBt minister», 1 lu el ti em Methodist elise tcudurs, Borne ¿o.üOOof Ihim nun leis oi our ncnlv, mid s mo UO of them attendints nMclLoaist ) 1111 li 11, ai.d thal the \CBSI1 whiehboro his w11 name, uLd v>¡ iib inteiiel the harbour yebterdav mom ]j.,wtu)dbt !ct .ij tilt. Io cutty Melin dibt ini»sionuiips ti 1 d J10 to ] liiieh tho Gus) ti, withuut the intervention ol 1 j tue Little did Ji hu \\\ ctley think that in this voir 1 dtep soiiow ti 1 iji, when our heuitH had been BJ pun tullj saddiLtd Ij tie untimely death of that Christian um Cm moduli Goidinoii(.h und bj tho ravage i of that tarni disease which cumcd iff between di) ÖUU and lilli) vicllns, 11 bund el Convenid lijiaus, willi Melin di»t n iss nnufj lit tin 11 head, and utiojipinicd 1) aiutLcr n i»n moy now ou the platt« nu would g rib vnth then livts in linn haiidb to preach the Gospel 0 ti e 1 iinvc Kuvuces el JNcw Hi it 1111, f»e\\\ Ireland, and he luke oi "\nk I »hud ii m what had been heard t-nijsl t it vu uld »u tu Unit thi« vcortf fiji s deep st «now wiiBthcviui vihtn tht nu»si muy 1 perutions of oin 1 bit iciib m j,e mg foiih to f\iw liman« covered her with 1 alo of ¡,!oi j (Glitem) And slit uld wo utaud b«. lin se uiissims b\ these God lu nom id meiur1 He 1 hived that the ni dicncu wui« prcpuicd tj Biy, "We «ill ' Methidists ol va Sous linds woio now «liiiprg to thi liunt their luvuuiitc passwords One neil luieio i 1 linn another Alma fur Christ a lind lidiu loi Chiiht, 11 iounli China foi C liri it, a fifth 1 ) an It) Chi ist III el we Auutruhuus trad AuhtialuHii 1 U J ihn« «III tor Chnst. The luv. DAVIU IOKOA, a native teacher, was intro uiiiti: to the muling. Ho was te.iivirted to iho Christian niith al out sixteen jems ago. Tinmen yinrsugo ho c.>m ii.ii.ied Ins woik as a louil pienchir, miel line years since c emend the AVislejau C'illego at TimgutabOD, while his piogies» was -veiy Butisfactmy. and «hue loi stveiiil joais piibt lie has boen engugod us -tiiior luioi. lum the tune uf his conversion, it was raid, his, chhiueter lind leiiiained untarnidi. d. Ho . tchtfscd ilit liiieting thn.upli the Rev. Mr. Stephenson, who ulled us iniuipiuiei, una ho was fiequently applauded Ile said Le wi.s CMetdinglj rejoiced to seo the largo uudi . i.iu Lei..re Lim, and in be peimilled te iiltend there. Hu I i.d iciuitiy leiiiMiiet hum the iimazeuieut which sowed nim wbin Le fnsttuvv ll.o binulilul citj ot Sydney, and all 'be stutts, shops, and peuplo so grandly dressed during be ]«M. dnj'. After ¡ill hu did nut wuudor very much, Ini'i'Use le lould seo thal all iho splendour iu iliis great ni d yias just iho kii.d of splund mr ihut betittod a peoplo ,Ubt such as tit« j were. (Laughter.} Aud he did not v\ i ndei bt cause this lund with all its beatty uud evury thing it ciintaii.td WHS just like thu Gd thoy nil worshipped. In his Ckiinlrj tht j said it was befitting tho whalo to movo i.lti.t: ii.i.jt'sticuily, and take great jumps in the sea ; and so l.t saw lhat o'vtiytlnijg moved along beautifully in this trial hu d just, like the whnlc. (Luughtei.) Ho bhtiüld like l.owevir lu ask tin ni how many ages ltwas sinco thoy iiii.mciiced to make this gi eat land. It was said that a .i i g time ago a very big towl with two wings and a hoad II me to T ciiga, and tradition said that it destroyed most of lit- jei.jle ol u very loijje is- lnnd. But tben two spirits uni. ll.i-sioianieup and dcbiiojedit. 'Ihatsavagofowl waB tanti « mun, nnd sin the woik of ihe devil ; and just nu the iwu spirits «unió up mid debtmyed the fowl, so allatonco ihe ii.isbiuiihiii.s cunio to Tonga, and to-day Tonga hvtd, ¡ia 1 v. d gloiii Ubiy. Tin j hud chapels all through the l.iLils, the ] copio lived in pt ace, and worbhipped the ono Hue- Gi d. But nijtwitbs.tuL.ding what had been done, nu cb len.aim d lo be di.ne; and ho hoped they would still Miid ii ib.-iuiitiii(h theie, and to Chiua aud other planos also, i lu j bad pli lily of money, und it was given them for no tlni pin]on* than te send the gospel abroad, and thore terlio hoptd the y woula thiow plonty into the plate i- -night. ' ' Rev. AV. CUJIKOAV moved theitcondresolution:-"That tLis »a eiing gruitly it- juice» to hear of the success which I us thtib far ulundid the eitert to carry tho Gospel of ; hi ist to the people ol New Britain and adjacent islands by n inns, in prcut meiisuic, of native agency, and trusts that this ruteij rise nay e.,on be fullowtd by ot burs of similar dcsciij tu n. The meeting would also express its deep sym ] nthj' with the misbionoiies undpooplo in Fiji, in the severo i fllii'tiin of the past year, und its dotcrniinaliun to abound m piiiyei foi- thu îaising up of suitable men te preach the Gospel, nnd for a laiger outpouring of the Holy Ghost to mate the preaching ot lhat Gi spol effectual to salvation." He was afraid that after such celebrities as the President of the O.'iifoience, and the senior pupil uf the Tubal College, his pre«nei-vvimld be of veiy small iutoiest, and seriously he did ey nsider that thepiescnee of a man like the second speakei tbat evening was worth filly speeches. (Cheers.) Ho hi.] rd (hey would «c mnny Btichnicn coming to Sydney for o similar ritustm to tlml which had brought this mau btre. It miplit 1« asked why it was that ia addition tu holding on to tho'juibsions they ulreudy hnve^ they should go on and toke np new fines. Whut was tho reason for this ? ITo thought that this was a question which ant/ man thtio prcicnt might put to himself. Ho knew t'n'' t-veilody - not even every one who professed to enll himetlf a Christian - did not bel » , in n issions. Ho knew men who disliked the very fuljici of missions. It had been saidj and he hud ni-nit in print, that the "Weslcyan missions m these island»! wtie nothing IIIOTO than money.making concomo, und that oil the missionaries do is to ileeco tho natives of their oil, aid get tho pro eids into Ihcir own coffer». And what wculd bo rundo of that £14,000 they would yet BCO. Piople have denied that, tho natives nro really changed, and my that the missionaries have only put a lacquer of leb'gioli on them, which you may ecratcn off, nnd find tho einnilal beneath. Thero were some who considered all icl'gims equally good, or equally bad, anil that tho ul'gion of anyplace is tho best for iho place. Ho did not snow thot they wero called upon to answer such, objections OB theso npamst those who tiy to make the world -wiper and better. (Applause.) But men had' a right to look into missions, nnd they were bound to stand up ond bhow why they were doing what they did. Ho held that the foremost ground on which they were there wa«, to uso the motto of tho CrusaderB of old,' ht cause " G( d wills it." Kvery intelligent Christian man' thero ought to toko that as the ground on which ho stood' in attending a meeting like that. Ho did not suppose that all nun engaged in thos-e missions were free from infirmities, nor did ho mean to s-ay that the missions themselves wero all thiy could wish for, but ho wns surothat if Christ were to enter that meeting that night, and wore asked whotherho vuuld take his Bide with those who favoured theso mistión«,' or those who opposed, he would (alto his side with thom. ' (Cht era ) II« Iding that opinion ho took his stand on that' side also. The first authority for a soldier to obey was tho voice of his captain ; the first authority for a Christian was tie will of Jesus, and if they were wrong in what they were do ng, thoy wtio wrong in very good company. He would give another icaion. It wos the very spirit of Christianity to move forward. If a man loves a thing bo will talk nbent it, and spread it. The religions of antiquity wero not onward religions, and wo seldom heard of a conquered' nation adopting tho religion of tho conquerors. If Christi- anity was tothirg nioTO than a creed, no man would feel any obligation to carry it on to his fellow-creatures. But ii a man gets the idea that Christianity is something diopped Jnm heaven into III'B heart, he feels a'de siio that hiB neighbour should share in the blessing. 'I hnt hiiDg the ease, the propagating instinct was the very instinct of the Christian ieligion. Tho missions going on, in the South Seas required Christianity to keep company < with'hem. Civilization in Polynesia to-day WOB not tho leeult of Poljnesinn companies," nor of Government, but was the result of Fijian missions. If there had been no I-ijion roifsicn», thero would have been no Fijian eoltnics. Iho improvements and refinement« intro du((d in the islands of the South Seas were the result of missionary cntci-priBO, and that applied not only to tho southern Pacille, but also to tho ntithom Pacille. If ever New Guinea were explored, if eyer it weio civiliVed, the missionaries would huvo to . do it. (Applause.) "VVhero was the business compony that youle, find a politaiy mnn who would go to Now Britain or New lrolond, throw himself among a party of savages, and tiust his life in thoir hands for tho good of the people '< A mis-Bioiary society posso-sed facilities of a Und that no other BOCK ty could have. Civilization waa r ot Christianity, but Christianity when rightly carried into ihese ¡Blands was tho best surety for a civilization that would stand. One of the saddest spectacles on this enith vena a gicat nation like China with her civilization and immense population, and yet with i o idea of a God in the whole language of the impiio. A civi.izatitn liko that was no surety foi the wdlbcmg of men h,uropo at this hour presented i sad sied." h ßuicly this v\ns not tho timcthcn to stop I he ft et of th so v\ ho published oe leo, or to stop tho tongues II the mm who cued to the world that " Ho is God that idgncth " Qbe question WBB after all, had the missions dine the work the j had lern set to do 9 Ho did not believe ihev had dine cveiytlnng, but they had done a great den nine then had bien expected of them Putting naido the | rihpioiiB or «eltstial aspect of tho work done, the missions had snpi lud a vast ami nnt of knowledge Di« tionnncs, ¡.run II ais nnd Bibles in the most out-oi-tho-way languores lad lern distnbutcd, thcdoctrincB of Christianity hndbcen 1 ut iLto tho hands of a people like those represented on ile jlatforni to night In 1 iji there oould bo found, nota rare <f shrmehsB savages in a state of nuditj,bnt men deeenth and even respectably chid, living mcomfortabh * eoltigis, men who listened to the Word of God, and whose (bildrtn attindid the Sabb-ith-school. The outlook furn a platloim like thoonohc Btv odupon vvaanot very I npht lo-doj. Palestine was not yet blessed by tho hope of the Povioiir Of all placcB m the earth he thought tim ? adde-t 1 lace was Jerusalem Iheio was Busaia, with one huí died millions of people, ncarlj as cold and wild ni us 1 vin bileim 'Iherowas Genii my devoting its herculean M holm ship to reduce the giavest facts ef the world lo bellin Iheie waa England largely recreant to the faith «f ita for«fothers- lhere was the Mobammedum «till ein ging to hiB Ivorau, and the Hindoo to his Shnstei I'nktriind "Williams md others had fallen m the South «-(na, lut tn.ih was nughtv nnd must prevail (Cheers ) And whatever might hupj,m the earth should bciull ot the . knowlidge t-t the Lord as the wutcrs cover the «a ' I he day would ttme when the foundations of ill error and ill i-UT ti Ultim would bo shaken, when tho croud defender-« ti tht v\ 11 ng would have to give in, and the world should bear the roll of the universal pean, ' Wo pruno Thee, oh Gt d, wt at-kuowlcogo 1 boa to be the Lord " Th s wes thi ? 1 d «f the mission and this was the reason why he mov««l he resolution ^Cheers ) '1 he Pty Mr LAM1 moved the next resolution, a« it Bows, "'Jhat the thanks ot thi« meeting aio due au le heiilj pic tilled to the Gcniral and Executive Cm miiteiF t-i ¡.ennui treasurers, the general seerotaiy, am II aucili is ii r the valuable BUI vices they had rendered t tte suie) m the dircitim and munngcaicnt of its ntl nr° ii ihej mut con mitti o in London for their liberality 111 11 alni p gn ntl to the seeicly, and in defraying ot hu ex jindituic in its Ichalf, to those cenilemcn who have I euri ? d j erst na! liabilities m the ai rangement neeessarv it II ict the lone ly'ß hnaneial requirements , to the treasure rd nucinniB (I the auiiliaiv ind branch sot îeties aid 1 the ee Hectors and the contnbulors to the fundí of th AubtiihiHun Wesltjan MiBBion " Ile Btv Mr TAIT ecunded the íCBolution, and it wa lined A collretiiK wusiLcnmndo The Bcv G HUHST said thev had heard that the 1 inj-esc 1 ad given £11,000 for religious purposes, of which JllO was fur foieign misHonB, and the rest for their own iriiFCB And he might mention that, at the suggestnm f tho ginrd old king £100 was sent to poor old John lb nits, in Lnglnnd, who was one of tbo first misionarle» n the island (Cheers ) It showed that the king felt intbt plateful for the great advantages which John Thomas und tloso connected with lum, had conferred upon th, .11 d Ho moved a vote of thanks to the chairman. Mr BAHKEH secónded tho motion, and, it having boon es mid und ntkni wlcdged, the proceedings tcimmntcd with un anthem fiom the choir. 