THE ^KEgBXTERY OE SOUTH . .JDbe uuo^l;2aeetlDe of this body, wu held tb« toeiiron p^Tjiesfcy, jMay 2.; P-resent-rrThe G«rdp%XyaUr r1wV Davidson, 'Law,#. Render* now -MdftlnMm— Mn/tlimm ?lififabflll: and AnOTlH The, prbbeedingshaving been .opened with de votional exsrcfse*, rthe mlnutes.rf last-meeting werej«»d*ridionfiim6d. : OommkrioBiniaTor ofc HounWj 4?; Hawkes .«ndCB. j Goq&iBg; as ra preaentaUTe elders from therpengrogalions of Wrflsg^M^Q|^;.v^,r«^7,Mid-^e names T?he ^Mq^ttitdB thai d^Ilvfli^d. the annual aetdress':-^-' ', ./-' ? :. - ? ?? ?- -\A '*'???-?'', ^athersraad Bifcthren— 'While I .attempt, to acVdonslBtently W& ttw custpni which since ttie wiloMf $$ TJPi^fcyfed«tf,OhnnfteB injfcbls colony liiis 'been bbseived, allow me pi the out set to acknowledge5 gratefully . your uniform kihonegs 'ajid cburtesy. ^ The ^office is unqtvBSj tlo^ahly' ifia$£ : -nacre iienorable ' than onerous, an&^the i-jiiwpTis ooEsideratlon of all the inem beys^f tiri£ubjri$, ^tii.6uteiceptipB,is such as to' leave' notHiig but, pleasant memories! with anyone whimsy oicnpy thlsohalr. Sat while I Rdniit thati^enecally speaking, the duties ate not onerous, I am,,bound .to make an exception In'connecfcioh;witb the 'duty r which I have new to^disdbjii^e/'- Ketrosptectfon la always more or less diffiOT5|t,'an4 wlereone attempts anything approaching* ^i-r% cpmprehensiTe view of the story of a; year ^rMph jias gone he must be very contfdoWf ox thirf truth; So far as our own eco^edaftlcal ld^^ Is cojicerbed, I do iibt knbw' thai tnere is much to note beyond the ;fa)it of our liavlng established at least one congregation in addition to those previously existing. The circumstances con nected with it are in many respects extremely interesting to . isost of _ us. $?pne . who have visited Belalle can fail to experience a very pleasing recollection of the visit, as well as to desire a repetition of it. The honest hearty enthusiasm' for what, is good and true -on the part of those who have migrated northwards must be gratifying to all who witness it. Let us hepe that in the years which are to come there may be found, In other areas, not a few who are able and willing to follow the example of ihose who reside near Jamestown. And let us also hopa that those, In the old country who are lea to know and to feel the pressure of our necessity will not fail to send suitable men, or to come themselves to our help. In reviewing the rtory of the year you will allow me to. refer in distinct terms to the obvious growth of a desire on the part of many denomihatlens to reduce , to a ?mfaiinuni the points of recognised.: difference. I had at once the pleasure and the privilege, along with Mr. Lyali, of representing you recently at the meeting of the Congregational Union. It really, seems as if the difference between them and ourselves were becoming ' small by degrees and beautifully less.' Their Union is to all Intent's' and purposes a General Assembly, and although they say refuse, to acknowledge their possession of administrative authority la some directions', their virtual pos session bf it appears at least to be conceded. On the other hand, we seen to be approximating to their Views and. methods. I speak, of course, on my owa responsibility in this direction, but, so far as X am able to judge of feelings and opinions prevalliBg^and growing among bur own people, -it seems to me that a wise latitude of creed, such as is recognised by our brethren of the ^Union; is, feeing greatly longed for among ourselves. - -jSbme of you will readily enough think of the difficulty yen experience In ob taining office-bearers willing* to subscribe' even to our mode** formula ; and this leads me to speak of a matter ever which I have been think ing a little during the last few months. I wish I could brisg to bear upon it the amount «f thought and clearness of utterance which it deserves, but in lieu of this yon will perhaps be pleased to listen for a little merely to some suggestions of a practical sort. I have been led to think, in connection with various recent movements, of the complete revolution which has taken place in- the as* cepted 'Theory of Education.' ?? When ..the Education Sill was recently before Parliament I felt prepared to urge that a measure of public instruction ehouid be adopted— in short, thai, the State' should not attempt $o 'educate,' but merely to' '-Instruct.' The essentiaHdea of 'instruction' I believe to be equivalent to the putting 'of implements in the possession of those who are intelligent, and likely to become more so. To adopt the somewhat trite formula, they are to be instructed in the .three. R.'s, and the art of using them. But this is by no means the idea which obtained among our fathers and grandfathers, or' even during the period of the youth of some of us ; still lees is it the idea -which ruled in the nrinde of the founders of bur Church, and of the whole. paro- chial syfitem of Scotch education. In the old Scotch schools children' were taught what te think. The idearf mathematical exactness was appliedtoalfcthe branches of information. In the study of Euclid; ihey- were taught what to think, and what to believe about plain' figures. In arithmetic they were taught what to think about ritttnbers, and what to -think abeut modes of reckoning- according to rules, which were to be implicitly accepted, but not necessarily understood. In .history they_were taught -what to believe about ithe character of any man or any nation. In natural history what to believe aDouc any ci&sBLncaxaonpi; organic, or inorganic matter, liowever -arbitrarily the classification might be nfiade. But the present idea of edu cation' means ihe- training of children 'to think,*5 not ' ^necessarily iijaKai,n. but simply 'to ihlkk^ and discover for themselves /.the 'what.' The ancient Socratic method has of recent years undergone a wonderful resurrec tion, and nearly the -whole iistory of mederh education^desolibes the-character of It. But this raises a question of very peeoliar interest to us a« a Ohurch, involving, as I venture to think, something scarcely less than a revolution in our Oonstitation. The fact must be faced some day, and the sooner It. is -faced, and the smaller thearfa on which -the preliminary discussions are to'be conducted, the better will it be for the Church at large. The question te -whlch I refer is that which touches: the comparative value of belief on authority, and belief which is the necessary outcome of examination and conviction, The old educational forms absolutely required the pupil to believe whatever the teacher taught. The new educational principle forbids the pupil to believe whatever either the teacher cannot prove, or what can not be positively and abso lutely demonstrated to be consistent with truth. Our existing pulpit ArrangepaentB mean that we profess not to bompdaat\i In any fienpe, net iaedla of communication between humanity and the Most High, but -BtrnpTy that we. are public1 in structors, trained to a cortain extent to . con duct the devotions . «f those who adhere to our ;inlnifiiry, . and' approve our .'mode of thought and ^expression. And within the limits thus plainly sugggested we are ourselves subject to this law. 'We mmt preach what, is consistent, with the prevailing belief-abased upon authority, and not upon personaL examination-^and mature conviction. Or else wSsauet alienate ourselves, more or lesp, ftota-^hbse whose respect and . affec tion w^ Jd^isWinwBt J^iinesHy to retaia, or those in wfioif) ; unJBtelligent acqaleseence we find slender «atisftetion.' '.;: ;rt. . l It weuld be altogether inexpedient and ua 3UBtifiable-io /raise gues*kms of the Jdhd at present, it onferwere not prepared, te look at them from seme practioai^olntB of view. But I am thoroughly convinced that such questions 'will o&iergeiu; a very practiwal f orm^bef ore long. I do ndtfttallpropose to raise them^idlay them at once, but I do 'think that our Church, as veil as etbjBW,-wiU!need.iioi be cfn the alert, and be ready to-^give «ome:nioawire ef reasonable satisfaction to thoseTwho i isfc us for the reasons of ourfbglief.;;It is often said that certain questions have been answered over, and over again, and no doubt this b eaid -juite truth fally. ifiBtihs ^answer which Satisfied the questtoV'^f P?* ^fathers 'does not neeesBarlly aatisryJll^J^ flp^s the allajing of curiosity in one jjffih era won , qng-aoh the - desire for hn-g« ledge laSk jrewwoBvin- ^.the generation which follows. ~ ??????; i IihlnkIamprepar«d^-asBnme^n.ihep^rt of the edocatea a^nin^rJ ^f.ep iir -$urchef» »n intelHgent beHef in.; the dbdbiiiM whlcK they preach, In Ihe convtctionsby which they abide, and in their power of defining tolheif own satisfftction the truths which they profess to hold. Tq^do less ithan this wonjd be 'equiva- lent to Admitting that ihere wai fbme measure -& truth in the ancient dogma, that ignorance or ?tupidity in seme form was essential to a high cast of religious life. , Such a notion, as a matter of courie, we utterly repudiate, when BvaXOu SIB m gtSUVnU, |fHrujjynifcA.wii» ^c#n.w. VTU.VA& wo pass from the consideration of theoase of those who are . specially qualified, by edu cation, training, .. personal experience, r ,,br peculiar clear felghtedjaess to the case of th«e; who* apcfjgj pulpit f ministrations -'as the J present ; &A;\~-v£otHiV: expedient '. i&tm; of the old 'idea of education, i.e', the telling people totiett to think, instead of teachlngthem to ' think,' arid to conclude for themselves, the gbrieral issue is 9f a . very different kind. Our children are being trained to ' enquire.' Their bueiness— their very duty— is to ask. questions, and the right which they are sure Xo clatmls that of either being answered by w, ox being allowed to discover ttie answer for themselves. If we were to take into account, jibe ^entire credenda accepted. |by ourselves, It would -not be at ;aH difficult to take up pointH sure to be questioned by early enquirers; But, supposing we take up only thoie which are most generally received in. the. Evangelical Churches , I an disposed to think that' the new methods of education will force upon us at an early date the necessity for at least revising certain mjatters, ,with a^vlew to the modification of the termsin which some neceBBary iellefa are «x preBBeiL I pray you to bear in mind that, in speaking of such contingencies, lam impelled solely by what appears to me to be tie inevitable necessity of. their being raised by-and-by, and of- the correspondingly inevitable {though not necessarily .unsatisfactory) rendt.of our near national conception of the proper character ot national education. And first of all this question, I think, will be raised — On .what grounds do we maintain the Divine and .absolute authority of the whole existing and recognised canon of Scripture? How shall we deal with our children whea they make enquiries about the different- modes ef stating the same belief in the confession, and in the Shorter Catechism? Shall we give them the benefit of the implied doubt which is sug gested by the latter, when it stales that ,*« the Word of God is containtd in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments ?' Or shall we absolutely require of them an utter and unhesi tating belief in the whole Scriptures of both Testaments, including the genealogies in Chronicles and Nehemiah, and the institution, of the feast of Purim in Esther., Or, on the ether hand, shall we say to them that whatever in the Bible reveals God to your soul, er your own nature and necessities to your own self, is the Word of God to you? And whatever does sot de - so -may perchance be the W-ord of God in some sense, but to you aa altogether inaudible and non-intelligible. Word ? Or must we fall back again on the old doctrine of belief on authority, and tell those who under modern systems are to think and to ask, that they must study for their profit and satisfaction the whole of Home's Introduction- to the Study of th« Scriptures, orof Professor Gaussen's voluminous work on the Plenary Inspiration of the Scrip tures ? I profess myself at present somewhat unable to auwer the question; but I should like to be assured that the Church was prepared with an answer when the question from without becomes imminent, , :; - , Another difficulty of a somewhat similar kind will soon make itself felt. I mean,' it will make itself felt again and in a fresh form^ for it haa quite -often . enough been felt before. The lapse, of generation* is always co ordinate with the lapse of terms from their orgiual signification. And so it has .come to pass that the term .' Person*'1 as ap plied to the 'Trinity,' has undergone very considerable change in the course ef .time. It is a term by no means easy to define, and when defined, by ne means easy to reconcile with the recognised view of the doctrine. Allow me to quote one of the most recent definitions of the1 word, from one whom we all respect— Dr. Henry Oalderwood, Professor of Moral Philo sophy in the Universliiy of Edinburgh. He says (p. 12, Handbook of Moral Philosophy, § 14)^— '-Consciousness of self- determination is. consciousness of power, exercised by me over my mental activity, -and over physical organs which belong to me. Self is thus known, not merely as intelligence, but also as power. I am a self-eensciouF, intelligent, self-determining power; I am a person, not a. mere living organism, and not a mere thing. Personality thus involves self-conscious being, self -regulated intelligence, and, aelf -determined activity.?' I de not need to quote further from him, because in what follows he deals : with the mere human personality,; .but it is not hard to perceive that if the defini tion quoted: be even approximately accurate, we must be somewhat at sea with? regard to the terms of eur dogma. I do not at all mean that the dogma is inexplicable or unintelligible, but only that the terms of it are not now happily suited to the existing meaning of the word 'person,' and the same thing holds true with regard to the word 'eubstanoe.' When we speak or think of the three Persons of the Godhead being the ' same in substance,' we do not literally mean what we Bay in the ordinary sense of the term, and we shall seme day sooa require to tell our children precisely what we do mean when we use the word. Similarly, also, we shall require to deal with the terms in which the doctrine of the 'Procession of the Holy Ghost ' is expressed. Tae doctrine itself is, or appears to be, so important as to warrant the division which subsists between-the Eastern and the Western Churches ; and yet among the Churches of th.9 Reformation it is doubtful whether one per cent. — I might almost venture to say one per thousand — of the. lay members are able to attach an intelligent meaning to the expression. ??- I might also refer to the somewhat .ambi guous -sense in whieh the word ' atonement' is used by ourselves and others ; but this has been so freely discussed in comparatively recent years that it may possibly be better to omit it just at present. Yet there is one other subject to whieh . I should like to refer before closing, aad which also bears very directly upon the change which has occurred in our .educational revolution. I referred before to our professed character as instructor?, rather than priests. We reject the idea of mediation on our part between man and God.' We do not profeBS to reconcile men to God in any other way than by teaching them what they ought to be, and what they ought to do when onca they are what they ought to be. But our sacramental.. institutions have always seemed, somehow, to be at least suggestive of the thought that they helped.to make men, by an easy mfethod, what they ought to be. I do not for one moment suggest that any honest man in the. ministry has cultivated the idea or in anywise fostered the superstition among his people. But, as a. matter of fact, s&me; people do believe that christened children are safer for eternity than those who are utt christened; and *ome also, believe that they themselves are In a more wholesome way ef life when they communioate than when they do not, Theae ideas are manifest remnants of pro-reformation, times, but In some .quarters they continue to exist wifh considerable force. They have, however, received a fatal blow from the recent revival movement at h»me. If one were asked to indicate the most conspiauoas peculiarity in connection .with that movement I think he would indicate the peculiarity which was conspicuous by its absence. There weto no baptisms, and, so fat as my reading has in formed me, the occasions of sacramental com munion were few and . far biaWeen, . I do not f«el prepared to prpnounce a judgment on this matter, but the fact is. plainly a very Blgni ficant one in the face 'of ,,th£$ widely prevalent disposition to teach per'Bons,' to, think'' in stead of teaching them what to think. .. , The more one looks at theBeand jsimllar matters, the mbrejone must feel compelled to' iryto understand; the signs of. the times. If we ourselves do not keep~I shall jiot .^fay thoroughly abreast of our, time, but thoroughly ahead of it— and act our proper part as leaders of thought and intelligent and '., sympathetic jguiders of ^the -^ questioa-asklng 'fgeneration, which i« already bo near us, we ?BhalI lose, and weFBhall -deserve £o los*- the T respect aads the*- influence for go&d;' which, we happily ,M pretent poasess. Bert if we hold ourselveB-in-: rteU^gentiy and actively , reaiy £? .: ^serc&e; eympathy, judgmenjt,. anl'Omisillke.eonildera tion, there lies, before us a caxeervof honorable ^wefulneBB, to which I know nothing Becpnel. At the close of his address, Professor David «pn nominated as his suocesBor the Bev. P. 7 Maclaren, of Port , Adelaide, .and this proposal hating met, with unahimous concurrence, Mr. Maclaren to^k 'the chair, and briefly thanked the bretfhren f or the honor conferred upon ila. The' elevation of Mr. Maclaren to the Mode rator's chair left vacant, the ojBELoe, of .Clerk, ^whichhelhad held for several years; The Rev,/ -James ^tyall was lunahimoaflly- elected to the offifee,'ajid'at 'once entered on its duties. ,, ' . '' On the motion of Mr. Macbban, seconded by Mr. W. Dattdsom, cordial thanks were tea dfered tothe retiring Moderator for his valuable . address, variotisjaembers taking part in a brief discussion on Tarlous points' raised by the :»ddr.esV ?;? ?' ;:.: ?;? '.-. '-...: ,??;. , ;.: ' :The Treasurer's balance-sheet was laid bn the table; and MesBrs.JEobert8o» and Johnston were appo&itad; Auditprs. They afterwards reported that It was correct, and that it ^bi6wed.'a denoit cf £36 Is. Id. The same Auditors examined the' balancp-tlieet of the ^Seme' Mission Fond, and found it correct It shoired a credit balance of £46jfls. Id. J' . '., . :..., . \\., ' Mr. Ltall read a letter he had received from the Rev. Peter Hope,' Convener of the Colonial Committee of the Free Church, with reference to the cost of passage and outfit of Mr. and Mrs. Mndie, and stated thexeplyhehad given. The PceBbytery approved of his action. Mr. Ltall. reported that in accordance with the instructions of last' meeting he went to Belalie on the 18th March,; that he met with those who were desirous of being formed into a, congregation, most of whom had been pre viously members of Presbyterian ChuTches. He addressed th?m en the leading principles of Presbyterianisin and upon the reBpoBsibilities of : a Christian profession, and by solemn prayer commended them as a Christian congregation to. the care and blessing of the Great Head of the Church. He further reported that on the following day the newly-formed congregation observed the Lord's Shppsr, and that he preached morning and -evening at the opening of the new church at Jamestown, when there were large congregations,^ and much interest manifested. The report was approved of, and Mr. Lyall was authorised to take the necessary steps for the formation of a session. ?'., Mr. Hendebson gave an interesting account of his recent tour in the Northern Areas, stating his impression of Caltowie and George town, in which latter -place he found .that a large proportion of the Protestant, population were Presbyterians. He preached at Keolunga twice on Sunday, April ^3, and lectured next evening to large, gatherings. He considered, the field there particularly promising. The question as to theadequate supply of religious ordinances to the Presbjtarian settlers in the North was dissussed at some length, and . it was felt ..desirable and necessary that a qualified minister- should be obtained without delay to labor in the field. Mention was made of a minister who ihad recently visited Ade laide on his way to Qaeemland, who was highly thought of by the brethren! who had met him, and whe it was believed would be willing to undertake .this work. .After full consideration it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Ltall, sec»nded by Mr. GoBDON, that the Rev. F. D. Mitchell be invited to undertake the work of an evangelist in' connection with the Presbytery ; that he be guaranteed £300 per annum for two years; and that £20 be allowed for passage money from Brisbane. The state of the Home Mission Fund was next considered, and, the necessity of throwing additional energy into the scheme in view of extended operations was urged. It was found that from various causes delay hud taken place in the formation of Congregational Asseciatioas. The various ministers were instructed to usa diligence in urging the subject on the attention of the congregations. The Moderator. Messrs. HendersoD, Lyall. and Murray were -appointed a;Cemmittee to watch over the interests of the Home 'Mission scheme. Professor Davidson laid on the table printed copies of the trust deed of the Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund, and reported that the amount now* to the credit of the Fund was £687 17s. €d.,. which with, the donation of £106 from Mr. John Eiddoch, payable in January, and other, email sums, makes a total of £f 98 14s. lOd. He thought that with a little effort, the Ohurch might easily, in the course ef next year, in crease it to £1,000, the amount required before it could be operated upon. Cordial thanks were tendered to Professor Davidson for his efforts iu connection with this scheme. ; Professor Davibsox made a statement of his present labors iu connection with the Adelaide University, and mentionei that those efforts did noVin any way interfere with the discharge of his pastoral duties. Regret was expressed that in consequence of his having been, detained in Tasmania the visit of the Bev. J. G. Paten to this coloay had been delayed. . The Committee appointed to prepare a letter to the Pan- Presbyterian Council laid on the table the following copy of the letter which they had forwarded to the care of the Rev. Dr. Dykes, of London :^- ' The Presbyterian Church of South Australia to the President and Members of the Pan Presbyterian Council, to be held iu Edin burgh in . July, 1876, ssndeth Christian : greetings and fraternal affection. 'It was with great saaisfaefcion that we received an invitation, to send- delegates to the' nest meeting of the Council of the General Presbyterian Alliance, to be held in Edin burgh, in July next, and as at pre sent; we cannot spare men from our Christian work' here for this purpose, we heartily respond to the invitation by sending this letter to express our .fraternal regatds aB well as our warmest sympathy with a movement which his for its object the linking together in closer visible bonds, both «f fellow ship and of work, all those throughout the world who hold Protestant principles in connec tion with the Presbyterian system. ' We hope and believe that valuable results may flow from the discussions and proceedings of the Council; that its labors may prove powerful means oi promoting the fortner ex tension, prosperity, and spiritual life of the Chtistian Church ; that it will placa before the world fuller and eorrecter information respect ing, the extent, the Scriptural character, and the. Christian liberality of the. Presbyterian Church, showing how large a portion of the Christian world acknowledges her government, how extensive is the work that she is doing, and the great spiritual infioenc? produced by a Ohureh which, , whilst combining Bimplioifcy5 efficiency, and Christian liberty, with a pure and well-regulated discipline, stands i» point of members first of Protestant Churches. ' Beloved brethren in the Lord, we wish you all comfort and joy in the labors in which you are engaged, and we pray that the blessing of the Great Head of the Church may rest~on you and guide you in all your deliberations. ** We have written to our dear brother the Bev. Dr. Dykes, who from having visited this far-off portion of the colonial vineyard is well known to us, aad of whose visit we still cheiuh the liveliest remembrance, requesting him to present this, our letter of brotherly -syjapathy and adherence to J;he General Tresfeyteriaa. Alliance, and to speak ia our behalf, and act as if he were, our . commissioned delegate.-. And now, brethren,' dearly beloved in the Lord, we commend you te God and to the good -word- of HiB grace, aad bid you farewell. , . : 'John Davidson, Moderator. Pjetbb Mapla^bk, Clerk.' , ; UWION OOLLBG8. - The following report on Union College was received and read. . Professor Davidson, Messrs. ? Macbean, Hendersoa, Q. Young, B. Murray, andT. G. Brown were appointed to represent the Prenbytery at the meetings of the Com mittee of the College during the present year j— ' The work of Union College continues to ba prosecuted steadtty, and, se far as it goes, most satisfactorily ; but it is to be regretted that the: Churches do not' manifest a greater amount of interest in this impertaat insfeltu1tion,andthat » laiger Jiumberof young menj^eyeB of those who1 doiaot purpoas to devote themaslveBto ?? thsf Christian ministry, do not avail ihemselves of the advafttageBiwMSh itroffenki, 3!he Council ef the College recently: by a Bpeeialaddress sou^it to commend the: institution ^to the sympathies and prayers: of the ChnroheB, and it nas been arranged that every individual or Church con tributing to the funds ef the College shall havs the privilege of nominating free of charge for the session one student to anyone^ olasff for each guinea contributed. This privilege haB bean already exercised, and as it becomes more gen«rftlly nnderetobd: will probably b« exercised to a much greater, extent/ c Thai liberality of a- few wealthy; fdeniBi chiefly memberB of the either rChurbhes who united in; briglBa.tlns the College, item fenabledi the ^Council to 4iBOharge all llabiUtits up^to the oloae of -depart year, but it is desirable that? the' batis oof ituppbi* nhould be widened, and it is 'hoped that the Preaby terian Churches thrbughoul the^proyinde ; will ere long-each appear an annual contributor to the advauoement of an iBstitution, -on the success of which bo! much, of .their future exis-j tence -as Churches may ;depJBnd.c- It Is 'also, much to be desired that the dnterait taken by the Presbyterians ot the proviucev in Union Colleger may dead -to a larger accession than herfctbfere^to the mutu^ers' of fch»sa who engage in study^. with /, a view to the work : of - the ministry. - 'The current session opened list month, the .Greek Testament classes being jresumed .by the K«v. S.. Mead, o the Church History Class being still conducted by the Kev. J. Jefferls, and the Theological and Latin Testament Classes by Bev. P. Maclaren. The ablej earnest, and laborious services ot these gentlemen ia. previous sesslens merit the warmest acknowledgments of every friend of the cause. The 'total number of students enrolled this session is 20, of whom five attend two classes each, and 16 attend one data each.' , ??-.-: Mr, HBNDBBSOK reported that the circulation of the Independent and Presbyterian is being maintained, and' urged the ministers present to contribute, to its columns, as well as to interest themselves in furthering' its circulation. ' The Committee appointed to superintend the students gave a report of the arrangements they had made. Their report was approved. ' Mr. Ltall stated that along with Mr. Hen derson he waited upon the Baptist Association and the Wesleyan Conference, and that with Profesior Davidson he; tendered the greetings of the Presbytery -rto the! Congregational UbIob, and that from one and all they met with a most warm, reception;.' -Messrs., Gordon -and Angus were appointed to represent the Presbytery at th|eT annual; meetiEga ^-f the- various religious bodies during: the ensuing year. ' - ' . * A letter was read from Bev. J. F. -Henderson, requesting ? that an Assessor foe appointed to assist in the .election of Elders at Strathalbyn. Mr. Law, ef Mount Barker, was appointed. Mr, Bobebtsov stated that a manse was ia 'course of erection for the Bev. J. R. Ferguson at Golden Grove, and asked that some assistance might be given to- the object from the Home Mission Fund. After soaie discussion, it was agreed that while the Presbyteries rejaicein the erection of the said manse, such an ofcjeet'dtd not come within the scope of the Home Mission Fund. . The annut,l report on statistics was submitted. The following are its principal items :— Elders, 40 ; communie&nts;, 1,280; average attendance, 2,340 ; sittings let, 1,729 ; Sabbath-schools, 20 ; teachers, 179; scholars, 1,407; preaching sta tions, 13 ; average attendance, 263 ; prayer meetings, 10 ; average attendance, 245 ; income, £5,111 10s 2d. ; . missionary and benevolent objepts, £202'16s.-3d.: At 2 o'clock the Presbytery adjourned. - The Presbytery resumsd at 7 p.m. ; the Bev. John Macbean, Moderator. The Committee reported the result of their examination of Mr. Gray as most ? Satisfactory. Beport was re ceiVed, and. Mr. Gray was encouraged to prose cute his Btudiee. The Committee was instructed to meet with Mr. Mudie, who had been unable to attend in. consequenco of illness in his family, at as early a date, as possible, and examine him on the subjects prescribed. : ' - Mr. Gbat read a paper on *'The Internal Evidencd of Christianity,' , which having been criticised by various members, he was farther ercburaged to continue his studies. The Pres bytery then adjourned to the church for : ; ; THB PDBLIO MBBTINa, which was presided over by the Moderator, the BeV. P. Maclaren. There was a numerous attindacce. After the usual devotional exer ciseisi- - . .. : . The CHAIRMAN said thev mleht f alrlv take the coaifort of. the belief that their Church had during the .past .year held its' own, done its duty, and ( made perceptible progress. Their whole! baSy was jsot large, but during the year they had raised two congregations from mere preaching stations to organised Churches, and all the settled congregations were perceptibly advancing. There was room in this good land for them, and provided they held fast the form of sound werds, and spoke the truth in love, they. might expect that God would maintain their, cause. .. Their progress was,' however, cramped and their growth . hindered by two deficiencies. They wanted funds to aid and encourage the stations to becstae' separata Chunches^aud men to become ministers. They had plans for meeting both thesa wants. They had their Home Mission and Church extension scheme, and they had Union College. He hoped that a strenuous effort would at once be xuade throughout their congregations to help the Home Mission Fund. It was new some time since the Presbytery enjoined; all its cpnr gregations to form Associations for aiding the Home Mission fund, and he earnestly urged that this injunction shou'd be attended '. to. - One in every congregation would produce immediate results, such as they wished to see,' The want of ministers they saw no hope of meeting, as it must be met, save through Union College. Tifey 'could not get the men they wanted from Britain. For Union College, therefore, fie claimed the prayers and liberality of his hearers. It had sent out some excellent youDg miaisters, aad there was a number of young men now trader training there of as fine a spirit end as well gifted as they could wish to see. That their educational attainme&ts; were not equal to those demanded by Presbyterian Churches at home was likely enoughs— how could they be so? For the four years' course ia Arts and another four years' course ia Divinity a three years' course in Unien College was but a poor substitute ; but in this matter they eoald not do as they wished, but must do. as they could, and if those who were able to help would resslve to do ; what they oould they coold do inuch better through Unipn College than ever they had yet done.' No sr that our University . was established, Union College might be able to provide for theological train ing; what the quantity and 'quality of that should be must be determined very much by the liberality of the Christian people. Leaving the College, he would, now 'say something, upon union, which was very near his heart. : Whenever, he reflected on the mischief resulting to those without from their disunion, he could not help pleading our - Lord's petition, to the Father, ** that they may be one, that the world may believe -that Thou hast sent Me.' J?hey all thanked' Qod for the measure of brotherly kmdnesB displayed by bur evangelical denomi jlsitions. It was one of the most delightful things he knew, and the , very heappiajit omen for their future usafulness to this 'land tbat diflepent sactiens : recognised one another by' Bending Reputations. They were glad to' see resfeeted' brethren in -their; midst on such a* errand. -Gladly they weleomed the Worthy followers -of -that great and good man John WeBley, a king of men every lech ef him, but withal a child-like disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ. Gladly, also, -they welcomed their Biptisb brethren, who were in the eye. of the law in Sngland Preshyterb.sst In the case of' some property in Norwich,- be queathed origlaally to Presbyterians, but now held by Baptists, the Vioe&hanceUor-; a 'few years. ago decided that thei word- 'Presbyte- rian' wa^ large -enough te cover the three de nominations of Puritans. PrasbyteHans could respect their conscientioms differences. ;' They could admire their-energy and zeal, and they wished them; God speed- in winning «ouls to Christ. None would wonder, however, that they: professed a still- warmer fraternal affeo tieai.for their Oongregationalist ijFeihren, be- twees whom? -nd rthemielvW ^ there' wai ' io little diffarence. They reinembtred that to England there was once-a: very general uniok between tk« - Independent and the ?re». byterian Churohes. - The articles of egree ment were : nine in ntimber; jAU of them lie believed Jwoulelb© cordially accepted by tha two* denenilnatidns here as a' basis of union; But until pastorrand people were fully prepared on both sides it were foUy to urge that peint. Th4t ttieir ij»ion^wouia?*bme- about ne felt asBured.; MighftheEord hasten it in His time. The' main' theoretical ^difference'1 now belween ^h.eaf that of adherencVto a written creed, wu ihnu go^overlAttiole*). ; «J A« te whatapper t^i»%- ta stmndneii ef^ttifmeht hi matters of ? fkithit we:*rteeni' it Bufficiettt th«*% Church1 itjolcnowledtcr th* SoripturiBB^ 1m- the - Werd ef r ^God, qtfaie ; perfect ' amd «aly rule' - of faith ? and practiee ; «wi «wb either tha doctrinal part of those commojriy -caUcd the- ArtJcles -.of the Church of England ; or theTJonfeisiou ; or the Clatebl^pi ! shorter -r, longer, coMpiledby 'the iuembly at Westminiier^ or the Confession agreed vn at the Savoy, to be agreeable to the «a$iule.?,. ?' ? r-k.1 * -r '? ' ' k' !??'? -. - ?? ??-- The Kev. Sahoml XtntOHSC, wb.0 attended as ai deputatiofn from the Wesle^in (Conference, sald^iff rigretted thatjiia Mend and colleague, the B«v, W. P.' WdUfl ^President of the Con fdrens^), could not attffihd: that evening in «bn- - sequence 'of a previous .engagement. He thought; that in the. future he would auggeat that the address to bepreaenteitniHUchoecaiaiona should be adopted by the Conference, ao that it wouGl' ?be more; the expression x-f the whole .body than of an individual. He referred at length to the glorious historyiwhioh hejeald the Preaby tetian Churoa'p9B$eBsed, and spoke in glowiug terms of the .tenacity with-whleh it held to the truth. He said the W«ileyajiOhur6h held the warmest affection for the Presbyterian Churdh land for the Presbyterian people, And: the Wesleyans acknowledged 'the universal friendliness that had been shown to them by that Church.* Wherever they west they found & friend' in the Presbyterian minister. He expressed his wannest sympathy for them and their work. The' £er. J. GOBBOlf then addressed the meeting on 'The Pan-Presbyterian Council.' Hp said on Jtrly 4, 1876, it was proposed to hold at Edinburgh a Council of the various Ptesbyterlaii Churches thrdughqut the world. The idea .of such a Council occurred to several persons about the same time, and to persoas living remote from each other. It was from America -that we got most of our useful modern inventions, and it was from that quarter that we derived most of our fresh Ideas, if not of Church organization, at least of Ohuioh' action ; and; this idea and the first step towards making it a'reality briginatedin the United States. In 1S73 the Generad Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in ; the 'United - States unaBimously adopted resolutions in favor of an (Ecumenical Council of the Presbyterian Church. In the same yeat the General Assembly of the Pres byjterian Church in Ireland cordially expressed its approval of the overture presented to them on th? subject. In 1874 the matter came before the Supreme Courts of many of the Presby terian Churches, and in every instance with marked approval. At the meetings of the Synod and General Assemblies of Scotland in May, 1875, the subject was again under con sideration, and continued to be regarded in a favorable Ught. Finally In Julj, 1875, a Conference was held in London to coh ?ider the whole question, aad propose some definite line of action, 'The Con ferjsBtevwas. .attended by delegateg from Scot lanid^ Ireland; America, and many parts of t£.e Continent1 of -Europe. Those j Churches that could hot Bend 'a representative forwarded a: letter of Bympa'EEy and approval. ' At this Con ference rules were drawn up, a constitution adopted, rand the whole scheme put into work ing order, imd at the clese of its meetings it . was decided to hold the first Geaeral Council at j Edinburgh, on July 4, 1876. Geneva, Philadelphia, a'nd London^ were severally pro. posed, but the majority ruled that the fittest place for this Couneil to hold its first diet was the1 Soottiish metropolis— the city of John Kucx. 'Th4 object of this Council is briefly thik': — Churches' holding the Presbyterian system were found in various .parts of the world. From the statistics of the Presbyterian Church, drawn up by a Committee ef the Lcnden Conference, it .was found that there were 9,005 Presbyterian congregations in the United States of America, 3,127 in Great Britain and Ireland, 4,832 on .the Continent of j Europe, 348 in AuBtritlU, 10 in the New Hebrides, and 99. in Africa. ' Among Churches *b widely separate! and so differently ciroamstaneeel there could hardly fail to obtain considerable variety in matters of opinion and custom. Wfth' the 'view, then, of bringing these ' widely-scattered groups of Ohurbhes together, of linking them in; a closer bond of union, of securing among them a more cordial cp-operatibn in the malntenanee of the distino tivo priaciples ef the .Church, and for which an? Church should exist, wra 'this Council desired,. The benefits of the proposed move ment wbre 'stated thus in the address of the Committee :— First— It would exhibit before the world the substantial unity, quite consis tent with minor diversities, of the one great family of Presbyterian Churches. Seeond— It would ereatlv tend to 'hold ud and strenethen weak and struggling Churches, by showing that they are members of a large body. The .Protes'ant Churches of the Contiaent of Europe, for example,, feel the great need of sympathy and support from Churches more favorably situated. Third — It would enable Churches which are not inclined: to organic , union, to manifest their belief in the unity of the Church, and io fraternise with those whom they love, while they still hold to their distinc tive ; testimony. Fourth— Each Presbyterian Church would become acquainted with the con stitution and work of the sister Churches, and their interest in each other would be propor tionately inoreased. Some migsit.be led in this way to see in other Churches what they would chooBe to adopt. Fifth — The; Charohes may thus be led to combine in behalf of the tiut^ and against prevalent errors ji as, for instance, to defend the obligations ef the Sabbath ; to resist the insidious efforts -bf the Papacy, especially in the' matter of education; and to withstand infidelity in its various forms. Sixth— Without interfering with the free action cf the Churches, this Council might distribute jidiciously the evangelical' werk in the great field/ ^ which is. the wprld ;' allecartinjr a sphere to each, dis couragiag the planting cf two congregations where one might Berve, or the establishment of two missions ' at one plaoe, while hundreds of other places have none. In this way the re sources of the Church would be husbanded, and her energies concentrated on great enter prises. Seventh— It would demonstrate to the Christian world these great facts in the working of the Presby terian system : That, by i'B reasopable ' polity, it consists with every form of civil government ; that, by the simplicity of its usages, it is adapted to all the varyiDg conditions of the Church upon the earth; and that by its equal distance frem licence and arrogance. It is best prepared to recognise the kinsblp of all' believers. ' Eighth— It would manifest1 the proportions and power of the' Presbyterian Churches, and thus offer effectual resist^aoe to the .exclusive pretensions of Prelifiey Jaad J \EItuaiism in all ' their forms. Ni^th— Frotri _ such a iObuncll, hallowed and; quickened by the Bedetmer's preseaca,' there: might proceed, -si frpm a heart,. new lm praises of spiritual lif e, Tsrihgiag every- member -f the Church into clOBer fellowship withiiis Divine Master, Lato deeper 'affeotion for his brethten for his Master's sake, and into more entire consecration of all his 'powers to the Master's work. After referring to the great benefit the Church* was Kkely to derive from' such a Conference, the ref. gentleman Baid they belonged to a Church that had a history, and a leister/ tha-r*fodk!rin- the sweep of 'ceBturies/ They i belonged to a Church, that had through, out maintained a .firm 'ahdi- uncompromising testiinony f«r 'greftt principles, for preolous trutht-ithe Diiine brigffa of the Bible, the sanstity ef the Sabbath, the independence— tha spiritual, independence— of the Church, the sole BUpfemaey of the Lord Jesus Ohrist. Tfiey Wso belenged tq-a Ohurohiihat could beast, if *he were disposed to boast, of not a few great nameg. The rev. gentiemaa eonoluaed an excel lent address byremarklng7'thaf while they held theii^bwnd^iliibtijveprliWtpleiia^ their own.^hurch, i£ey ineold ioC be lacking in charity of feeling «nd- oourtesy of bearing towards other ChuroheB ef tha land. He hoped that *h». day :of jealousy^and envy and- wrang- ling had passed away.. Idle was t*o abort and tcoBolemn for that. They ohouldlet the world ' see how they loved one another. The Kev. J. Hbndbesoh said he would ad dress them for a short time on the. fubjeot of Home MiEjrions and the Church Extension r Ssheme. He thought that they were all awaro that there was such a scheme before them. I* had been drawa^ou*, and they had been «t«ked to assist. He pointed out the tteoeBflly jthst , there existed jEor .minlstexa fax the iToitheni. Arps, where^lai^ nnn^ , and ethers J'were Jaf t rwithout a paftor. ,/ That '. day the ^Presbytery, iia^decided to -g^aranfcea f a minister— an excelleHt gentleman who wa» , known to some of themi-:£S0j9 per imimmfo* tm years, which waa considered a step in'tho tf ght -direction. He (&e; speaker) had vLdted the Areas recently, and gave an intereBling ao«: count of what had l-een dene at Jamestown, Belalie, and Xoplunga, there, being a largo nuinbflr of aaherents at each place, allof whom ieard the GqBpel gladly, many of them tetvel ling great dlptances and putting ttiemselyes to some inobn^ehienoe to enable them to attend the ' meansTptgricg. He mentioned one ease ifhere ' a person left Taome ai 6 o'clock in the,mornlng tp enable him to reach the preaching, plaoa intiine to ,tako partintie Bervk«,, He earnestly - ekhorted thoBe who were members of the tPhuroh in the city to do all in .their pewejr to, - fipsist those adherents who were in the, butlyingw' districts, and remarked that' those Ohurchei ' who had regular ministers ought to allow their ?pastor to visit the country districts occasion- . ally, bo as to supply the means of grace Jo their less favored brethren. ' .He also advocated the extension of the Church; but said he would not be one to consent to the lowering of the edueai- tional standard of the minister. Some persons thought that almost any one would do for tha bush; but he pointed out that in. many oases they found settlers there who were quite aa well educated as many in the city. He men* tioned that in Vietbria a book was printed, under the authority of the Presbytery, contain ing sermons, &c; , and where -ministers were not procurable, elders visited the districts requiring . them, and read frem this. book. The sermons were written by . ministers resident in the colony, and were consequently better adapted to the oircumstances sf, the hearers than those would be coming ..from. England. H» thought . that that was a matter which they might well consider. . In Tictoria there were 145 Presby terian ministers and 170 charees ; New South . Wales,. 72 ministers and 80 charges ; and in New Zealand, 85 ministers and 96,' charges. Tasmania and South Australia were on about a par in regard to the matter. The former had U ministers and 13 charges, and the Utter 10 . ministers and 14 charges. He exhorted, them earnestly te extend their field of labor, in the colony by every means in their Dower. The Bev. James JxFJrxfii^, LL.S., and the Bev. W. E. Flbtohbb, M.A., who attended as a deputation from the Congregational dnion, Bert addresued the meeting, and expressed their entire sympathy with the Presbyterians and their work. The Bev. SILAS Mbad, M. : A., LL.B., : deputation from the Baptist Church, and the Bev. T. Pipbb, from the Bible Christian deho minatlon, spoke to a similar effect. Each of '' the rev. gentlemen gave an earnest practical adjiresg, and expressed; a hope that the day was' not' fir distant when the varieas Churches .. weuld *be brought closer together. . ' : The. Bey. Mr. Maoje&SN;, having proposed a .ye^e of thanks to the deputations, the proceed ings clesed In th8 usual manner. . .. '_ 