THAT CAULItfLOWKR. " There arc more things in heaven and carfch thsiu are iheamt of in our philosophy."-SHAKES PEARE. ( To the Editor of the Bcndigo Advtrtistr.j Sir,-The well-written letter of "E.H.O.G.," which appears iu your issue of this morning, anent '. That Cauliflower," merits a reply. Your correspondent is evidently a Materialist, and is, therefore, uuahle to see anything: outside of matter, which he sticks to with as much devotion as the ghost of Hamlet's father did to the Prince of Denmark, or as a child does to its rocking horsa. Or, on the principle that " seeing's believing," &o.;, &c.;, he cannot believe in anything beyond. Now, without wishing to be drawn into an inter minable discussion on the question of Matter v. Spirit, I would say iu reply to your correspon dent, that spirit is simply matter more subli mated or ctlierenlized, but under dilferent condi tions. The physical shell, the body, at death has been worn out, but the entity that inhabited it still lives in a different sphere and evidently under new circumstances. With reference to the cauliflower, allow me to recapitulate the facts for the benefit of your, corres pondent. That now famous vegetablo was brought into a locked-up room from a house, some three-quarters of a mile distant, by someone. Your correspondent will not dispute that fact. It was heard to fall from a height, and with force, by some twenty-five persons. All iu the circle proper were sworn, in the pre seuce of Almighty God, not to consciously deceive themselves or anyone as to any manifes tations of :i "spiritual" character occurring amongst them, and Mrs. P. was " stripped " by two ladies half an hour before she left for the circle; one of them being a member of the circle1, and the owner of the vegetable. The tea or twelve visitors present were all persor.s'of the highest respectability in the city, and all. of them are now fully prepared to give their solemn oath that they had 110 hand whatever in bringing it into the room, or any.knowledge of it until they saw it as we al! saw it. The out-of-the way thing brought-and that too from a private house to which none of them (the visitors) h-id been-will go a loug way to their complete exoneration. If, therefore-and we must either believe them, or believe that some respectable member of the circle was base enough to commit gros3 perjury-uo oue, visitor or member, iu or out of the circle, brought the cauliflower, by what means was it brought? There is no con nection between the ease of the Indiau chiefs and the watch irad such a. thing as. this. In the former they saw the watch at work, and, like innocent children of nature, not understanding its ineclianUin, jump to the conclusion that il. was done by thu " Great Spirit." In thin mid similar cases, there is no suldi jumping al. concludons. A>in the case of tin; watch ticking, so in this-there arc mechanical skill and intelligence; hut, like the white men who understood what the Indian chiefs did not, we likewise understand what your eloquent correspondent, evidently does not. And i am glad that hi; is candid enough to con fess his ignorance of the subject. Ordinary mortals are not usually :»o straightforward, We are neither left to conjecture nor to negative evidencu as lo the agency whence the c.mliJJower came. An intelligent being, whom we call a spirit, declared hu brought it. Jn this particular instance none of us saw him, hut thure was the vegetable, xi*jJ it required both force and mind to bring it there. The medium's own mind W.li; firmly fixed on having her husband's hut an i brush brought from Castlumaine, and no others present ever even thought of such n tiling as a cualiflower; consequently it was an independent intelligence tint brought it, using the magnetic or electric pjwer of the medium and circle for the purpose. Hence the convulsive struggles of the medium on the oeca-dou, whicli were not pleasant to listen to : but yet she was in her normal .state uut.il after the arrival of the vegetable, showing, beyond I lie shadow of a doubt, the control of au independent intelli gence. So I bat the evidence in this instanco of the presence of an unseen and intelligent agent is as clearly demon-strafed as of the daily presence of the wind. I'ut we have positive evidence of the presence of ''spirits," °r «£ disembodied men and women al our circles. Tiiey cannot al ways .show themselves, bin under cer tain favorable conditions they do it; and I have both «eeu them and felt them, aud many more beside me. They, under th se conditions, have the power of materialism;: themselves . for a short space of time with our gross matter, partly derived from particles of organic matter in tlie atmosphere, and partly from the bodies of sensitives and members of the circles* who jilt, for these extraordinary uuuifesUtioiw. Your correspondent cannot believe such a thing possible. But is it impossible for all that?" la the extent of his experience, which may be great or little, the measure of our knowledge? . May there not be startling facts, tran-cendihg (in their importance to the human family) hid experience, as high as man is above the worm? ' The .term" " spirit" m ly not be a happy term' to denote, what i* meant by thcs« oftentimes uuseen | agents; possibly il naturalist " might suit better; but what's in a name? If we prove the existence of the agent, it matters not, we would imagine, by what name it is called. Tho uniform testimony of these agents themselves is that they are the spirits of those who once lived as men and women on this earth. Aud if a nuifovm testi mony like this, coming n* it does from all partn of the globe, and where there cannot possibly be collusion, is to be rejected; aud if our five senses are to be disbelieved, by what means or law are we to form correct conclusions on any subject, or to acquire evidence of iU truth ? For my own pari, I prefer facts to theories. And having both " si-en and felt," I say with Thoinjn, '. My -Yuurs. etc., A .SI'IIUTUAL STUDJiNX. l ull July 