THE ST. CLALR CONCERTS. The play of 'Hamlet' without the ghost might be said to have been presented at WhUe'a Boom last night, for in the entertainment then given by the St. Clair English Concert Company the evening Mr. Landergan read a medical cer tificate which showed that the gifted singer was through indisposition unable to perform. This announcement caused great regret, and sincere sympathy was expressed, which will not be les sened when the causa of the illness is explained. The troupe have been giving a series of enter tainments with varied programmes on suo ceEsive nights, and the frequent changes have necessitated the holding of ro hearsals more often than i3 usual ; thai in maBy concerted selections the musical scores were such as had been sung from by the other members of the Company, and differed . somewhat from those to which Mademoiselle has been accustomed. This entailed closer application and harder work, added to which was the anxiety caused by the faot that hitherto tha concerts, though attractive in arrangement and well carried out, have certainly not resulted hi a pecuniary EUCCisa. These combined influences, acting upon a nervously-sensitive nature, caused Mdlle. St. Clair, when she left the platform on Tuesday, to faint, and bhe remained unconscious throughout the night. Fears were entertained for her; but under the medical care of Dr. Way, who has been very assiduous, the patient rallied, but not sufficiently to allow of her making her appearance that day in public; indeed, the doctor absolutely prohibited any attempt on Mademoiselle's part to perform. It is now, however, definitely announced that she will ang to-night, and we trust she will hava a huge audience. Of the proceedings last evening it is not needful to Eay much. The absence of the leading vocalist made it necessary for the other members of the troupe to exert themselves even more than usual, and they unquestionably did their utmost. Miss Bailey was in excellent voice, and upon her fell the greatest responsibi lity in filling up the gape. She was particularly happy in 'Sing, sweet bird,' and, on a re demand, 'Comin' thro' the rye' was given with a coy archness that left little to bo desired. The scena 'Softy sighs,' from 'Dar Frei schutz,' was rendered with power and in fine style, and there were shakes, quivers, aad pro longed notes in several of Mrs. Soiytha's coa tributions, especially in 'The Last Rose of Summer,' which were almost De Muraka. A theme with variations was skilfully and at times brilliantly exesuted by Messrs. Laudergan and Hall on piano and violin. Mr. Readis most gratifying though possibly not most ablo song was 'Beautiful Btlls,' and he, on being encored, plaintively and pathetically gave ' Kobody's Child.' After a particularly impera tive recall, Mr. Farley's robust and sonorous tones were heard to great advantage in the 'Village Blacksmith, and 'Friends, good night,' by the company appropriately c'.osad the concert. Tho lines in the bill were well-chosin simple ballads, alternating with favourite airs from operas and ornate instrumental pieces. Sacred gems will be followed by excellent secular compositions to-night 