BLESSING AND FORMfAL OPENING OF ST. r, - . I4RY'S yRESBYTERY. •h Sudaj last'the 9lrmal opening and blessing of this fine edifies took place. His Lordship the Bishop 9 Briabaneeaocompapied, by Psther Dillon, came by train to Ipswich on Saturday evenigg, .having only arrived in Brisbane the previoun day from a laborina tsissdoi?ry' tdur of nebaly two mouths through North ero Queensland. Thseo two distinguisehed eclesi acies'weord busily engaged in the confessional from the time of their arrival till a late hour at night. On upeday moronig the services took plaee at the usual toue. It haring been previously announced that ather. Dillon 'would preach at the 11 o'clock mass, the church, was so crowded that many holders of 'tieketh "could with dificulty find standing room. Within oaurrecollection so large a congregation has never been wlthin the wals of St. Mary's. :At 'the end of. nass the Rev. George F. Dillon, on the drebdiooeea of Syd?ey, entered the eanctuary, and having received the benediction of his Lordship the Bishop, took for his texrt Matthew vii., 24th and 25th erses:--'" Everyone, therefore, that heareth these my words and doeth them shall be likened to a wise man that built his house' upon a rock. And the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and they 'beat pon that house, and it fell not, for it was founded pon'a rock.: He said:'Inthe midstof otherlaboqrs, which, however eonasoling, scarcely left time for thought I have been e, led upon by his lordship and ydec wao?ly patr o advocate the claims of the mag nificent edifice close by, whieh the seal of the clergy and people of this district have erected in such solidity, beauty, and adaptability to the climate, and which ela? s perpmneadt ornament to this beautiful town d c aluste' endowment for religion now, and, I trust, through many a succeeding generation. It is not, I confess, a common ocuarrence to be called upon to speak in aid of a residence in a place so sscred as this; but, thene.vmnaot sremember thatthe providing of a suitable house for the clergy forme a part, and anso essenotia part, of the duty of those who believe that "they who preach the Gospel must lirve by the Gospel," and that it in temreasoenable that the temporal needs of those who, pt the call of God, abandon temporal things to devote'themaelese to the spiritual neeeasitied of their brethren, should be provided for beoominglgy. This you have done, and in a manner worthy of your past, the history of which I have learned from your bishop sarod so evidepeed by your works. The zeal and genereity'tt have, in sucarce and eponsivetimes, provided the chiselled walls of this beautiful temple, and made it for so many years the first of the temples of Queensland- the seal that bm eroeted the clusterinj cheoole around anb beought the holy peaoeful convent with its angelio inmates to labour for young end old -the zeal that fed the ministers of religion to this hour-is- the same that now gives them the finest p.resytery in Australia, and will, I have no doubt, c?aue every penny of debt upon it soon to disappear. Now, what is the cause of this zeal which makes works such Jas these spring up, not only here but in every' nart of these newest nations. if not "the faith that is in )ibtne thaV fdth b o eillllltstrated by the text I -have ohosee, in -which our' Lord sums up and con' cludes in eplendid metaphor His glorious sermon on the Mount.. It ip '' the hearing of His words," '"faith"-that comes, an St. Paul says, " by hearing" -and the " doing of them"-doing the good works He cominande that causes us 'oto be likened tea wise man who builds his house upon a rook." That rock' is laid by Christ, and those whbOe aplendid edifioo is built upon it shall never be shaken by any power of earth or bell, but in the midst of every storm hpll "'tyall. 0." t This is consoling, and all the mprp( ieepl e If peer there was a period whin men had neeb tb 'cling fast to this rock it is now. There were days when the blood of Christians fiowed in rivers under the terrible and repeated edicts of the Cesara. Thlere were days when heresies and aohiims tore with the same relentlessness the seamless garment of Christ, 'But never siaco the hous that the multitude upon Calv?ry. mocked at IHis agony; tri umphed in His' powerlesnes, 'and witnessed His death, was Hie cause so apparently doomed os it is in our day by the prevailing infidelity of our age. The preacher here went on to describe the action of the anti-Christian sectaries of continental Europe; the effeots produced by them upon Governments and upon every clas of society I the revolutions they effected in Italy, Franco, Spain, and Germany ; their sucncess in everywhere divorcing the State from religion, and in excluding religionfrom the achools ;' their aecess in aseulariaing marriage, divesting it 'of its sared cha meter andaunity, and legalising dirorcee their covert and open attacks, by means of the press and periodi-' cale, upon overything Christian; their advooacy of complete atheism, and the effrontery with which their infidel or free'bhought lecturers invsde- every English speaking community. He spoke of thi adroit'manner in which they availed lhemselves of Chrietian diesen sions to eradicate all Christianity, now preaching up the Bible to eani's the ue aide denomintiaos ageinast Ostholinitys .nd thenpulling 'the Bibld to pieces by means of auch men at Coleneso, Darwin 'Strauss, and eBoun. lie referred fto the opee-penerseeutio df Ctholieaby the COommune, and by the Oiovernmenta of Italy, Swstnerland, and Germany.; 'and,' after de scribing the condition of Picu IX, went on to prove that, despite all these forces, so po'werfl, to subtle, and eo sleepless, Christianity-the faith founded upon the rock laid by Chriest-would last adcording to Divine promise to'the end of time. To prove this, he glanced at the-state of the earth hen Obhrist came "a light ahining in-the darkness" of a lost and abject paganism, and His conquest of that pagenism pro. grassive to the end-" until the Gospel shall be preached to every ?atieo, and then shall the nonaam. mation come." He reviewed the bwhole 'ation of Ohrilt as God infinitely wise-in planning the end He had in view for the ealvation' of man, and infinitely poeerful to effect His object to the end of time. Glanecing at the commencement of His mission, at the c.ll of the apostles, who were tihe hearers of Hil every word, and the witnesses of His every work, he described Him at tihe transfiguration, giving a gleam of His glory, and getting from the Eternal Father both testimony-" This is tomy beloved son," and authority-" Hear ye Him." The preacher then went on to prove that Christ meant that all His teaching shouli go down to every generation in a clear and infallible entirety to the end of time, and that, to accomplish tlis, He formed a Chureh or spiritual kingdom, composed of His apostles, under a supreme head, whom lie constituted the " rock" on whichl Hi Church should be built, and to tlom Ho gave absolute power-" Whatsover thou dust bind on earth I will bind in heaven; and whatsoever thou dost loose on earth I will loose in heaven. To theta apostles thus constituted He gave the same authority He had received from His Father-" lHe that heareth you hearoth me." "As the Fethereent me, so I aend you," and finally, "All power is given to me In heaven and on earth; going forthl, therefore, teach ye all na. tions, baptizing them in'the name of tbohe Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and behold, I am with you all days, even to the con summation of thie world." He next reviewed the Church under St. Peter after receivitg thae Holy Ghost, going out for thoconquest of "all nations," keeping coeotanlly and entirely the unity of thle faith white remaining united to St. Peter, or to him who held his place when he was taken by death. But breaking from lthlat unity and entirety invariably a hen. ever reparoted from him os in the case of the Ebionites, the canosaties, the Arisens, end others. LIe traced the fortunes of the Church throughl the empire unod the middle ages and came fnally to consider its career since the great rpturo of lthe sirteenth century. Hle gave much praise to the consuatauncy of thie Irish at that period, and traced their present destiny to plant the Catholic faith in every land over whlich thie British fi"g fools, or in which thie English langunge is spooken, to thie fidelity they elxhibited during three oenturies of trial. He rexhorted his Ihearers to be true to this failt, but to so illustrate it by temporauee, charity, and piety, that otcers might uot be averted from it, but, seeing their good works, be brought lthereby to embraeu it. Considcring so many separated from the one fold of the one shcplherd, so mnny still in the darkness of paganism, the victims of ilidelity, it wan a matter for endlees thanks to God to be sufe upon thie reek of Str. Peter, and during tel sehort uncertain sojourn upon earth to be hIonoured by iparticipating in thie works of roligioc, all of whichc were created to con tinue in this new land'the ever enduring reign of Christ. The preaby~tery-liko thie lchurclh, the school, and thie convent--was meant and was necessary for the furthlerance of thie cause of religion, and, in return for it, and every other good work d.n0 for God there was, as St. Paul s;aiye, "a building of God. e house not made witch hInds, eternal in the hearvens." With many beautiful pInsages of Holy Writ the prencber illustrated the Ippincese o! that hearvenly home, and ended by eaixorteng his hearers to walk thithcerwarda by faith filled by many good deeds, amongst which would bhe the complete freeing from debt of the noble building they had i, a omateriul sense brought to its present advanced und beautiful condition. At the concluenior of the sermon, which occupied about an hour, he announced that in the evening he would speak on " the worship end invocation of the Mother of God." At the coolbaeion of the aermon a procession was formed, and proceeded through thu church to the new. presbytery. The children attending the nuns' school,' neatly attired in white drenCes with wreaths' and green asahes, aoompanied by the islprs' of HMdry in 'the humble but' pleasing co-. tuije of theit order, led the way, the boys at. tending St. Mary's Sohool, dressed io cassock and surplie; followed ; the'Bishop, attended by the clergy, came next; and the congregation brought up the rear. The spectacle was rather a pleasing one. Having arrived at the entrance-door, the proeeasioeiste filed themselves into two ranks on the spacious cement 'endashe all round the building; and the Bishop 'proceeded through the house, blessing every part of it. 'When this cerdmony was over, the her. Father "oran ascended a raised dais Under a'panvtion, which 'ektebded from' tbe presbytery to the harch, and read 'the financial statement, which chebowed 'a debt of £800 on the building. He'also stated that many handsome donations were handed in towards liquidating the debt, among which was one from the Bishop of £25, masking in all £230 from his lordshlp, together with two allotments of ground, which netted £100. lie had' also muoh pleasure in stating that the Bishop informed him that he was not yet done contributing, and would give'omethiog more towards reducing the debt and 'urnishing"the house 'of which be Was so rioid.. The rev. gentlemah announced the,result of the collection, which ri's £210 7s. Sd., and remarked that that sum was contributed by. a few, and that, of course, he would not fail to solicit all the others of the' cougregation who were not then present, which would be very easy, as he had the lnames of the sub Soribers, and kew all the rest quite well. At the eonrelsion'of the ceremony a dinner was given in honour of the nuspiieous esasion. Tlbe Rev. Father Ioran occupied the chair; and a large number of gdntlemen-including his lordship Bishop O'Qoine and rather Dillon--sa down to a really splendid spread. Ample justioe having been done to the repast, the Bishop rose, and proceeded to address the assembly at considerable length on the pleasing erent which they were that day celebrating. 'Re said the ciroumatances which called them together there seemed to euggest the propriety of drinking the health ot their bost and congratulating him oen the success which had attended his eiforts to erect the beautiful house in which they were then partaking of his hospi. tality. Tbey had all been through the building from top to bottom, and could judge for theomselves of its merits., But there were certain circumstances con nected with its erection which probably many of them wore not scquainted with. The gentleman who un dertook and cmrried on the building --the rev. host was not the pastor of that mission, but merely a. foeum fencee. lie was not sooent there by him (his lordship) as. parish priest of Ipswich, anod had never since beeu made such, nor did he even now eppoint: him as such; tIhe real state of the ease being that heo did not belong to the diocese of Brisbane, butto Bath. st. He weas passing through Brisbane on his way. to his own dioecese, and le (the Bishop) asked him to take charge temporarily.of the mission of Ipiwioh until he could provide a euccessor to Father Brun, who had returned to Frsoce a short time previously. In building that house, therefore, Father horao had not in view to better his own position or provide for bis own ease and comfort. There was also another oigeumslance connected with the building of that peesbytery which was worthy of notice. The Catholios of Ipewich, as it would be recollented, had provided a _pm of £1400 towards the erection of a convent for' those excellent ladies the Sisters of Merey, who 'had now laboured here so pereeveringly and so esuceessfully for the last twelve years. The nune, however, were lodged decently, though the provision for their health and comfort was very insullcient, and they hod;no' room for devrlopment; The priests, it might be truly said, had no reaidoneo of their own. The "humpy" they formerly occupied had been sold by his (the Bishop's) orders.for £5, and the purcheaser ebmplained of having lost by the bargain. ie (the Bishop) wee heartily tired of cooking at. the dilapidated pine hut' which, within his own recollection, had been renewed in detail three or four times over, and as often con sumed by the indefatigable white ant. Arriving one evening and finding this crumbling etructure under going its periodical process of repair, he (the Bishop) tnoisted that it should undergo one:or other of two operations-to be either burned where it stood, or re moved from the premises within forty-eight hours. The tradesman who was engaged in repairing t offered £5 for it, and undertook to remove it, sed his offer-. which he afterwards regretted-was accepted. .When' the fate of the priests' bumpy became known to the people they said, ' Well done; the eyesore is gone at last. . We shall sooni replace it by asome thing that shall be no reproach to ouiselves, our Church, and our priest.'". Some of the good men of the congregation put their heads together and reviewed the ;Lole etateof the eonee and hariog done so, they mine to the priest and said tolhim, " Your reverence,. ie .have been thinking end talking over the want of a ddnvent for the nuns and of eta house forthe priests, and we have come to the conclusion that it is a shame to ere the priests without a house to lire in. We also ,greed, if youur reerence and the bishop would con eant, that it would be better to let the convent stand over for a littlo while and put the mdney collected for it in the bank at interest, and to commence a pres. bytery at once. We'know the people will gladly rally round you, and soon supply the means-to erect a creditable residonce for the priests." Tbat.swggcation was adopted, and the pecuniary result of itr'as the rece&i;,' wlthil, Oixteen months, of over £2100; and nith thnt monsy.the msgnifient bhouse in which they were sitting was erected; leaving a debt of only a few hmondred pounds. He (the BDihoi) was sure they would agree with him that much credit was due to Father Iloran for the roeslts referroed to. There were other parties who liokewise deserved griat credit; in theo first pleve, those who euggested the idea and stood by the priest ou.rir. i.. irogrue, unit ualso te man "ho carried out their instruction and erected so large, eommodious, and beautiful a building at so small a rost to tile people. Uis Lords:lp, in explaining why so aIrge on edifieoo was built as a presbylery, said that lh OCatholies of Ipswieh had heretoforo taken the lead .f all others in the colony. They lid erected a church ..hich, until recently, held the first place among ecclesiastical edifices in Queensland, and cren no-, when it was.obliged to give place to St. Stephen's Cathedral, it held an indisputable second place. They bad supplied the first colonial nun to that body of leroic ladies who were rendering such signal services to society without distinction of creed or class; and hoey had supplird tie first priest who, though not colonial born, prepared himself for college in Ipswicb, and who Was now ordained for this diocese and no an his way to it, and would, hie (the Bishop) hoped, soon arrive safely. His Lordship also observed that 3alholie architecture developed itself in coneonsoce mith Catholic belief-that was to any, sines the reli. gion they professed was to endure to the end of time, hle buildings erected by them under the inspiration of religion ought to be of a nature to last as long as unman skill could devise. Before sitting down, ire :ineerely wished the rer. Chairman good henitl andi many years of usefulness to the people of Ipswich, and a long term to enjoy the fruits of his labours. The toast was drunk, and suitably responded to by Father HoutN i; after which the rer. Chairman pro poed the health of his Lordship and several other onets, which were duly and agreeably responded to. Father Dillon pn-aohed again in the evening. iis :ermon was most instructive to members of his own hurchl, and particularly interesting to those of other denominations, being on devotion to the Virgin Mary. everal persons fainted in tire church duing the even. ng functions owing to overcrowding, which itfwould he well to provide against on future ocensions, fspe cially during excessively close weather. It is fair to say that thos, who diffr from F'atlher Dillon in reli gion were enraptured with his discourses which were so ably put forth, and will be as anxious as hiis own co- religionists to flock to St. Mary's to hear him ex ,ound the peculiar tenets of his own Church. Bishop 3'Quinn pronounced the benediction, which termin atid the proceedings. 