ETHEL GREY. I Bv Teb Abthob of ' Hunted to Death.' ^— — — _ The villager', who at first, from respect to her ladyship and iM roang lord, had kept back, now ' that tha cry went round that Ethel was dying, ; passed forward. A stalwart young farmer pushed through, tbe the crowd carrying a pail of water, which be had fetched from the nearest booth. * Wiiht— Ethel, my girl, is it in this plight I find you ? Would hn' teen better for you if you'd let me carry your basket. But your pride wouldn't let you; Jack Uimes ain't good enough ; for Ethel Grey.' ! The young mail muttered this to himself re- ' proschfully. bu: it was with real sorry lie looked ! on the f aiming jjiri. lied ashed soaic of the wutt-c , iu her face; out though it had tbe effect of wash- ' ing tbe blood away for a mouieu'., the fresh spout ing jets told tbat an artery had bees cut. ?l£uiiiV- rthedoc:or! Quick! Sae'» Olwediug to deatb,' cried the young man, himself as pale as poor Ethel. Ike nearest surgeon lived four miJes off, and it was certain that, if the bleeding could not be stopped, the girl would be past human aid in a very few minutes. Already tbe drees of the counters was 6aiur»ted aud the grass around was crimsoned with E.Uul's life-blood. Long brfore the doctor eouid iirrive it was quite certain V at her heart would have stopped bwiticg for evor. All around gazed in blank hcrror, as ber life ebbed away. Tfie countess vainly endearouied to Blanch tbe gushing crimson stream; white her son, pale as her by whom he knelt, looked wildly around. Suddenly, there was a stir among tbe crowd, as some ons pushed through to the front. A good-tookiEg young man, wsll dressed, and with un nir of manifest superisrity, stepped into circle, in the centre of which lay the in^asible girl, her heau resting in the lap 'o£ the counters. With a proaiptitu'le aud energy which overbore all opposition, be pushed her ladyship on one side and himself taking Ethel's head, dashed water over her forehead, and as the blood cleared away, inspected the wound closely, 'All, a wound not naigeroua in itself, but in its consequences fatal, if tbe bleeding bo not slopped, and that shortly. Ttie temporal artery isdivided.' Then he looked up, and, addressing the countess, said — ' A piece of silk or cotton — a puir of tweezers era couple of needles— quick! -or the girl will diol' Fortunately, his demands were able to be sup plied ; and iu a very brief space of time ho went to work — quickly, but calmly and quietly, as one knowing whut he whs doing. His mauipulation did not occupy two minutes. After again dashing water on tbe girl's {ace and fjorehead, it was seen by all that the bleeding had almost ceased. The crimson stream no longer came in regular pump ing jets, but merely ouzed slowly, ' Nj w,' said the stranger, rising from his knees, and with an air of sutitf action on his good tempered handsome t«ce, ' the bleeding has almost ceated, you had better have the girl curried home, and cull in & surgeon.' The Countess of Warborough, who bad been anxiously wa'.ching him, now looked at uim witb unfeigned surprise, ? iend for a surgeon ! Are not you one ?' 'Neither physician, surgeon, not even humble aoothecarv.' he said suiilin?. Noticing the ex pression of wonder on tha face of the Counter of Wurborougti and the surrounding rustics, li-j added— .' U is quite true; I nave no right or title what ever to practise the boiling arc, and perhaps may get hnuled over the cjhIs ^y the nearest Keculapiuti for poucaing on his preserves. Seriously though. I eaw that if the divided artery were not ti«d, nu-i ftt once, the girl would certainly bleed to death. During a life of eouis iweuty-aiz yeara, the latter ten of which I haro been very eventful, I have found mysflf in positions wnere circumstances compelled me to under.aka strange offices. 1 have done duty hb a»}k, digger, soldier, tailor, rough-rider and buff tlo hunter, actor, shepherd, stock-keeper, engineer, firemnu. I huvo b«eu «, hosier at Kow Orleans, a Cape lod C-hermaD, part owner of a mackerel smack, and a dozen other things by turns. Now, so it happens that I hure some little knowledge of anatomy, end hart* on more than one occasion ere this been ena^Ioa to turn it to account. In this instance. 1 believe I have been fortunate ^nuugh to Bave this youog Cirl's life; for the ligature will noli until tbe arrival of a eurgeou, who with his instruments can soon put things straight, Then, lit tin* his hat to the countess, tin stranger pushed through the crowd, and strolled away. Lady Warborougb looked after him -? Who is the gentleman ? Can any one tell me P'.; But though she looked inquiringly around on the circle of faces no one could giveheran answer. All tbat she coulu learn wa?, that he had been staying at the o'ly decent inn in the villiage lor more than a week. His ostensible objtct, it ap peared, was (i neighbouring trout site' m; but though he usually went cut Cor an hour or so every day, he was by no means either aa enthusiastic or a successful fUherm'w. Tai3 was all the countess could learn concerning the strangor. By his dress, air, and appenrance she thought he ' must he a gentteniap, notwithstanding his some- j what brusque manner nnd total absence of any thing approaching to dandyitia. He could not j be cat 'ed strictly handsome, for his features were j not regular ; but ha was cert'iinly good-looking, ! and bore an expression on his eun-burut face which went further than absolute beauty of outline. He wis perhaps a little above the average in stature, and bis figure, though certainly not stout or heavily buiit, g&vo; indication of uiuowy strength and endurance. His hair and eyes would lead one to suppose that hehad been fait, but bis fftce was of a deep brown hue, such as one as is never met with naturally, but always as the result of ex posure and tropicnl suns. His eyes were of 11 light bluish-grey, well formod, and overshadowed by clearly-murked eyebrows, lie wore a small moustache, which, however, was not sufficient to conceal tbe clearly-cut and firm-looking mouth. His hands were rough, but browner in hue than even his face. A'd as for dress, it was at ouce easy and becoming, without being in tha least fop pish. CHAPrES VII. DABK 6UPSICION8. Totally unconscious that his retreating figure was the cynosure of all eyes, the stranger who had scttyed tbe effusion of Ethel's life-blood strolled slowly away, and was soon lost to view. Ana now nguin Liidy Warborough turned her attention to the wounded girl, who still lay in a deadly bwoob. The expression of alarm and anxiety on tho countesi'hsndfconie haughty fsca changed rapidly to one oE anger and displeasure, as she noticed that her son was again on his knees »nd held the head of the young girl, while he looked in her faca with n glance tender and mournful. Her ladyship set her lips firmly, nnd tbe compassion and concern she had hitherto felt diea away in her breast and gave place to rage. 1 Cutubert ! Eise, and come with me, instantly !' 1 What, and leave ber like this, perhaps dying T tho boy answered, indigdantly. 'Yes, yes; the girl is well enough now the bleeding has stopped. L6t her be taken home. Sae will recover soon enough, I dare say.' Her eon did not appear to heed her, but employed- liiineelf in sprinkling water on the girl's fac*, chafing her band a, and endeavouring by every means he knew o£ to restore Uer to cunscioas ness At this inonieut a tall and a very dark-looking man, with iron-grey hair, heavy eyebrowe, and scowling face, pushed through the crowd. He wore a velveteen coat, a wide- awake hat, breeches and craiters. This waeGipsy Grey, whom hsr lady ship had justcow branded as a murderer. All steod br.ek to allow i jhn Grey to pass. At first, Ucw ever, his glance dM not fall on his prostrate I daughter; but, looking the countess boldly in the I face, he said, with sudden insolence— I *So your ladyship's bis uaio' bard words, I'm told?' 'You are told! What matter what jouare told,' she replied, scorof ul!y. ' Ay, but it is matter; aad I'll let yon know it, so sure as my name's J tck Grey.' At this moment bis eye fell on tbe form of bis ' daughter extended on the ground, .pale and in Aensible with a thin stream of blood still flowing from the wound. An exclamation broke from his lips; but as he looked on Ethel, there was nothing ; In his face which betokened either pity, alarm, or ? any gentle emotion whatever— nothing but sur- ' prise; and ns tbut wore off aa expression of brutish indifference followed, and there was scarce : evencuiiejil;'' '? bis manner, as he asked care lessly— ' 1 WhaVs up wi* the gal P Whose hit her ? Is it ; you ?' : ' No, it is not I : though perhaps itwis partly my fault,' replied ber ladyship, quickly, a flush of anger mounting to her. ' I wuul 1 have you be ware, John Grey, how you address me. If you tone and manner ere not moro respectful, it wi'l be bad for you. You know I have the power and the wilLto enforce my threat.' : ? I know ye - ye she-cat 1' he growled. ' But the ' day that troubln befalls John Grey there'll be a row up at tbe Hall, and the Countess o' War borough won't be quite easy in her mind, 1 reckon,' : ' What's that you say. Sir ? demanded Lady Warborough, auerily. ' It don't matter ; whatever it was. I mean it,' replied Gipsy Grey, sullenly. | She advanced cloce up to him, and liiased him : in his ear, in a low tone — ? ? i 'John Grey, bewwa ! I can hang you for ' murder 1' ! 'Murder, eh! Who d id I murder ? Canst tell me thstp All had now fallen back ; for the girl had baen raised from the ground and placed on a hurd'e corored with bought; and tlje countass, beore speeking to Grey, bad waved the bystanders back : iu bur own imperinus manner. 1 1 You murdered a man on tbe heath — a stranger, S with whom you had previously had a quarrel.' | 'Astrangerl No stranger to1 youi you knew, him well enough.' : ' It's an atrocious lie!'- j 'Well, if it is a lie, and you bad no other reason, i wby didn't you split nt tbe lime, say what you: krjew or what jou thought, and have done with : UP ! ' Because— because I bad my reasons. Let that suffice,' - j 'Seasons! pretty reasons,' be sneered; 'let's ?bear 'em ?' Toe countess was now lendly pale, possibly from anger, frhe glanced around her, as if to assure herself no one was in tarshot. 'Gipsy Grey,' she muttered hoarsely, 'do not provoke me too f s r. 1 know you, but you do not knowiae.' ' Yes I do, though. But that ain't tho question. ' 1 wunt to kuow, if I'm a murderer, as you Bay, and you knew it — wby didn't you out wi- UP' ' Why— why— you ruffian, 1 wouid that I did, But at the time I was not certain — I had only very strong suspicion. Then, too, at that time you wtre in my employ, nnd I took s certain interest in your daughter Ethel.' ^ \ 'Ha-ha,' he interrupted with a loui laugh,! 'You took an interest in E'.hel, did youp— a pretty ! interest, Only a few minutes back you ca .led her \ a murdorer's daughter.' i ' I do not deny it ; nor do I regret it, aa far as ' the stigma applies to you.' 1 ' Don't you '( Well, you're a cool un, you are. ! So you take an interest in the gal, dp youp So j look, h-re, your ladyship, it'o my sure belief as you wouldn't mind hernia' some day ae she'd bin found as that chap wtie, wi' ber skull broke in, aud quite dead.' ' Ruffian 1 How dnro you !' ' Wiiai's the gal's name?' 1 Her c ime ?' ' Yes. 1 don't mean her second nmne — you know that, and mel-be / will ,-oine -iay : for I know she ain't my daughter, though she do pass as such. I mean, whnt's her first name— the one as she was christened bv ?' ' Etutl. Bub what means this questioning. Do you dare to trifle with me P' the asked, stamping iier foot angrily. But, despite herself, a vague feeling of uneasi nt-Bs took possession of ber. TJie look and manner of this man aletmed her. At whstwasbeaimiog? Her heart quailed as she asked herself the ques tion. Could he know anything? Impossible! The Inpae of years, she argued, bad lor ever buried in obscurity tbe secret of her life. What could he know ? Nothing! Far assuredly, had hn known ail, John Grey was not tbe man to let it rest without turning it to good account. ' Etuel— yes, Ethel! Fid you ever know any one else of the name of Ethel ?' She looked him in tho eyes firmly ; but a eudden chill shot through her frame at the question. ' Well ?' That was all tbe reply she made, for she could scarcely trust her voice to move. A curious smile of cunning triumph gleamed on hie face. ' Did you ever know any one called Ethel Mere dith P1 Despite herself, tbe countess could not prevent a slight cry breaking from her. The name eeemea to strike terror to her soul. Her face, p*!e before, .now turned deadly white. She pressed her hand to her heart, und drawing a convulsive breath, mastered her emotion sufficiently to sueak. .. ' AnJ what if 1 did P What then, John Qrey P She waited breatkleas for his answer, On that would depend the question of how much he knew. ' Then it you did in*bbs you kaew her brother; his name were John Barriugton Meredith.' Like a dagger the words pierced the heart of Lady Warborough. Her breath came in choking gasps, her bosom rose and fell, whileta visible shudoer shook ber frame. 'That name— that name! Never mention it again !' she cried, wildly, 'What of it? What do you know P What do you mew ?' 'Seems 1 know more than you think, anyhow. Ab to what I mean, I mean that, knowia' what f do know, I ain't coin' to be humbugged about!' J.aucuiiuu9s6 was mieui, lureooiB moments, tiua was about speaking when, for the first time, she missed her son, ' Where is Cuthbert P Where is my son ?' she asked. 'Gone on towards the village,' replied Grey, sullenly. ' Last I aee on him he were walking alongside as they carried the gal aiong.and boldin' her hand.' So tinge of pityor anxiety was in his voice as heepokeof hibwuuaded daughter. A cry of anger Mid inortific ttiuu burst from her ladyship. ' G ma with her !' she cried. ' Accursed be tho day be saw her ! This must be put a stop io. Better a thousand times be were in his grdve than fall beneath her influence. John Grey, come with me; I will speak to you pre.-eatly on other matters, At present it if all important that stop bs rut for ever to any intercourse between Ethel and my sun.' Without waiting for him, the countess passed through the pate., and walked quickly towards tbe vilhge. Gip^y Grey followed her more slowly muttering to himself, Mid seemingly at a lose. ' What the blazes co the woman mean P' be thought, - ' There's i-ometbiog up us is beyond me. Yearn ago 1 got a hundred end fifty pounds for marrying ft woni'in as had alrendy got n child — this gal Ethel, i found out as the countess here had a iluger in it, for -he knew tbe woman as was my wife. But wb tit istherenson-J her talking on so whnu she henrd the young lord was gone into tho villrtg* along wi' the hurt cal P Cati't be that she's the trouble, Cor Ethel ain't a gal o'that e«rt, Cild as charity, Kevrt fee her Took on a chap ayet, gentle iud simple. What in the name 0' glory So it all mean P She looked as scared as though Bhe'd eeen a ghost when I 1st drop the aameo' the Chap as I had the scrimmage wi' in the wood years ago, Murder she called it I mebbe 'cwiK-mebbe 'twasn't. Ssrved him right. What did be want to interfere wi' me for— threaten me wi' the beaks, 'cause I wouldn't satisfy him about the ga!, not giro her up? Said he'd gat a better claim nor me, and by fair or foul means would have ber. A better nor right me ! Who the blazes covli it be? A3 for my claim, which the Lord knows if itwarn't -or the money I'd think little enough about, why, if I'm gal ain't my daughter she's my dead wif s's, en j if that ain't good eaough, what is?! Thus thinkiug, ne sauntered slowly on. Sud denly ft thought seemed to strike him. He slapped bis hand on his thigh, and exclaimed aloud — 'That's it — that's it! leastwise it seems likely enough. I never quite believed ihe tale my wife told me of her h asbiud beiog a Bailor, md drowned at sea, leaving her with an orphan .- il. But I got a good lump o' coin wi'her, my .yearJy money's bin paid regular ev^r since, so I'd bo causatogruniMe; 1 never did s waller it, though it didn't fret -tie much. My wife Jane had a misfortin', and was deceived afore ever I saw ber. This 'gal's tbe result. Now it fctrikesjue as how her ladyship's got good J64S0B8 o'heTown for wanting this kup' a secret. This one as I bad the turn-up wi' in the wood must ha' bin the mm as led my wife astray. No doubt he's a Dear rulation 0' t le countess, or else o' the lute earl ; else why should she c.re so about bim, an' bis Affaire P She shunned him, an' was afeerd o' him for fomo reapon ; elce why did she say so when I wunt 10 the Hall to get my qunrtvr'a inouey, and told ber of fome one hivin' biu to cliiii t^e gal P ' Would to Heaven that the sea nero?s which he came to England had swal lowed him up in its depths I I would give half I have to ba certain that he no longer walked tVe earth. Tfieui was her words. I remembered them hs well sis if they whs only spoke yesterday,- And sure euougn her ladyship hadn't long to wait afore she had good reason to kiiow that he'd walk tbe eanh no nifre. I -1on't know as her words didn't shorten his life, for though tbe chip was saucy enough, and provoked me, 1 don't think I'd a given him such a crusher wi' the butt -' my gun if it wasn't for tiio thought that t-hu'd see me through it and mebbe part wi' a good lot o' --hiners. So she did, sure enough, for that matter; and though I were suspected, the sff-ir blowed over, and out for some people's babbiia' tongues would never be re membered now. It was very strange — a queer affair altogether; and what happened yesterday's queerer than all. To think that he should start aud cry out all on a sudden at sight o' a book tbat I've source ever took the trouble to look at. I don't know why I ever kep' it ; but that I had a sort o' idea that some day it 'ud come in. Strange it was too, sure enough, that the dead man when ^he were searched should have sever a scrap oV 1 pxper, a card, or anything to say who he was. i Who turned bis pockets out, and leavin' the money ( took only pilfers, and fuch like, aud even cut the I plttcee out o' his linen where it was marked p I [didn't do it! I ' Who did ? It puzzled the beaks, and it [ puzzled me, and no one could answer. I left him I where I struck him down, and never touched bim. i This, which fell from his bond, I took up. Why ? did I take it, and keep it nil these years P I don't ;ltnow. It seemed as if I couldu't help it. Shouldn't wonder if it goes sgen me some o' these riuve T mnv hfiYrA tn Rwina fliwiimh if T.'it* n' times I've f eft tempted to burn it; but something j held me back. And cow, alter all these years, j this tithing chap walks ifito my place, aud the j first thing he puts bis hand on is this] book. It feemed like fate. He ii'most took me off my guard by the quick, sharp way he questioned me. Tbe book, he eaid, belonged to a friend o' his, who had long ago disappeared in a mysterious manner. Did I know the owner 0' the book P Where did I get itP Un a'most flurried me wi' his questions, \ but 1 managed to He through it somehow. Aud ! then, when he went on to say, ' bid you know Mr. Meredith:' I was quite trok aback. Mr. Mereaith ! Here, it is, written in the book: 'John Barringtou Mereiitb, 'From hististerEthel.' ' I never noted it afore, it was writ eo small and faint; and besideo, 1 never liked to look at the biiok. The thoughts it brought up in my mifid wasn't pleaufUit. Well, well,' he soliloquized, ' it's beyond me. There's something up; but what for the. lite of me 1 can't say, 1 know well I've got hild of a part of a dead secret - a secret as my lady would give all she's got to keep from me. 1 can't make it out; itV a tangled foit of affair. But I'll try nnd get to the bottom of ii; and if I do, if I don't m»kt) it pay me for m- trouble my name aint't John ;Grey. John Barring ton Meredith ! Taafs the mao 1 killed! Who was hep und what did he want hanging about here P And who was Ethel Meredith P 1 wish I could make it out — and I will, too !' The cogitations of the ex-jramekeeper were cut short by his arrival at the alehouse which owned him as landlord. He met the countess, who was just coming out from the door, fche wub still deadly pale, but her eyes burned with a strange light. She held her son tightly by the arm— almost dragged after her. The young fellow looked flushed and angry, as though a stormy scene bad taken place between him and his mother. ?John Grey,' said her ladyship— speaking very quickly, and looking bim full in the face with her snake-like eye»— ' b&wure-;! I wili cotde down to you this evening, and tell you my will. You will consult both your Interest and your safety in being both civil and obedient. Kemember.' Then she Bailed suvny, nor deigned another word or glance. 'She's all a tiger -eit— she is,' mattered Gipsy Grey, looVing after her. ' I must mind what I'm about, or elee, knowing a little a? I do, and yet not enough, she may contrive to bring me to harm. ) kn -w ber ; and she'll stand at nothing.' Th- n he entered bis house, where he found a surgeon in attt-ndtince on his step-daughter Ethel, who. restoratives having been administered, was just recovering conciousnese. ' What's wrong wi' the gal, doctor ?' he asked, indifferently. ' Wrong with her ?' replied the surgeon, ' why, file's been as sear deatb'n door as it was possible for anyone to be. The temporal artery has beea cut. Whoever tied it saved her life, for ia five minutes not all the Royal College of Surgeons could have done any good.' ' Humph ! She had a near squeak for it then.' wb! tho unfeeling reply. ' How did it happen Y for cur e me if I know. * I believe that she stumbled and fell with her forehead on nFhnrp stone,' ?She'salwaysgillivantin1 about. Why didn't she ptop at home p What did she want to go down to the booth on the cricket- field to terve? Bob Baiton and me could have done it all just as well without her.' At this moment the young girl opened her largn grey eyes, and tried to rise But weakness from loss of blood 'effectually prevented this, and she fell back with a deep sigh. ' Lie still, my girl. I will give you something to revive you,' the doctor taid, kindly ; and quickly mixing a strong cordial, he poured it into her mouth. This revived her, and. with a shudd«r of cold, the passed one of ber bands over her head, face, and neek, Her dress was saturated with the w ater which had been dasued over her, and the wound in her head Acaed terribly. The poor girl moaned slightly from paio. aud shivered with tbe cold. About « week since -'say« the Gandagai Times) we had a plentiful downfall of rain, and the gram was springing nicely, but the last .few nights have been very frosty, and stopped the growth. Com and hay is dear, and cattle feed of every kiud scarce. Trade is dull, but the'minmg worki&ga; posses* tendency to im prove, which will no doubt alter thepreeent vtato of uflairn. -Ve lmve little or no change to note from lart j Keek's report. I 