OBtCCEE TTTTT. OASETBt SI3C1XDS SIS B01CB AST) W«ilTH. I IH aorry to »y that Mr*. Conrov'e elprei HOn as ahe fled was not entirely consistent with tiie grieved and heart-broken amser with which ahe just closed the interview with Beory Derarges. Something of a mule tatad about the corners of iur thin lips «? ahe tripped nptiieatrpaofherbiraae.ud stood panting a little with the exertion in the ahadow of th. porch. But here efae enddenly found beeself beoomnig quite (aint,and,enUriag;theanpainitlj empty boose, pasaad at onoe to ber boodoir, and threw herself exbaaatedly on the lounge with a certain pesrisu diacoatent at her phjueal weakness. - Bo one bad aaen her enter ; the Chinese aervants wan congregated in the distant w*ah-houae. Her housekeeper bad taken advantage of her absence to ride to the town. Jtasnuaual heat was ielt to been apology tor anvdomes&oegligenee.; She was very ttooghfnl. Ibe shock she bad fait on tint meeting Oevarjnt n put; sne was eatbfied ahe attV retained the fnfluenee over him aaCeient to keep him ber ally against Bamirez, whom abefdt ahe now had reaaonu hmr. fBtomta tit jealonsy bad only abown itaeir I Taporing and bravado; aha bad bees waEyjio balien turn capable of oBbring bar |Hj^BCB VMM0O0 SB aUt atUUB ' wBX¥t Kid faaVH not (eared tt, last da- defroeraWy pbomed treadwy «... Iwr bmbie. Sha woSTaee Denrgeaagaht : 4e anroM vetfte flu wrong. Jaefaad received from die dead brother and hneband, aod m Henry's weak attempt to 0tfa hie own cousjeuee with that exene, she could trust to bin, to keep Bamirez to check, and withhold the expomre rat2 ahe awl Oibrie) oauld getaway. Once oat of the country she eooH Isnxb at them both ; once away abe caold oVrote beaeirto srin the lore of Gabriel, witb out which abe bad begun to feel her life and eebemai had been in Tain. She voula lurry their departare at once. Knee the report baj spread aSeeting Ui« valot of m'ae, Gabrje], believing it true, tad *mgue% felt it his doty to etend by bis doubtfiil daim and accept iu fortouat, amd bad delayed me prepintiom. She would make him before that it waa Dnmphy'a -i»h that be ahoold go at once; ehe would make Dmsphy write Urn to Hut eSaet. She arnOed as abe thought of the power ahe bad lately achieved over the fcara of this financial magnate. She could do all this now— at once — ODt lor her physical areaknesa. She ground her teeth at ahe thought of it; that at ancb s time ehe should be ? ah!— and yet a moment later a audden fancy flashed aemss ber mind, and *be dosed her eyas that the might bike in its delusive sweetness more completely. It (night be that it wanted oaly tms to touch his heart— «ome men awn ao atrong— and if it were— oh, God ! -ahe slopped. What was that noise? Xbe bouse had been very qniot, sortfll that she bad beard a wood pecker tapping on its root But no* abe heard distinctly the slow, beery tread of a man in one of the upper dumber*, whii* bad been used as a loaiber-room. Itrt. ronnry had none of the nervous smprebensbn of her en in rerard to probsHe ghosts or bntglars— she bad two nrathof* man's prstti -al pre-occupation for that, yet ehe listened enrioudy. ft came again. TAen was no mb takingitnow. It was the tnad of a man with whom ber tbougbts had been busy— her hat band. What was be doing ban? To the few mon»l» of their married life he had never been home before at ton boor. The lumber-room contained among otber things the dujeeta atmbra of bis old raining life and experience. He may have wanted something. 2tiere was an old bag which ehe remembered be arid eon tmined some of h'u mother's dresses. Yet it was ao odd that he abonld go then now. Any otber timebatthu. A tenibfe aupcrstitmns dreid— a dread that any other time ehe would hive laughed to (corn, began to creep over her. Hark he was moving. Sbe stopped breathing. He tread recommenced- It passed into the opper ball and came slowly down the etair-, each step recording itself in her heart beats. It reached the 1'werball andasemed to hesitate ; then it came elowly along towards ber door, and again hesitated. Another moment of enspenee and ahe felt ebe would have ecreained. And then the door alowly opened and Gabriel stood beforeber. It one ewH%, intuitive, hopeless look she read ber fate. He knew «H - And yet his eyes, except that they bore less of the osml per plexity and embarrassment srith wbien they had habitually met hen, though grave and ead, had neither indignation nor anger. He bad changed his clothes to a rough miner'e Moute and browsers, and carried io on* band a. miner'e pack, Md to the other a pretend a shovel He laid them down elotrly and deUberatdy, and seeing her eyes fixed span them trim a nervous intensity, began apologetically : ' They contain, ma'am, on'y a blanket aod a lew dnda ez I alias aaed to carry with me. FU open it ef yon aay eo. But you know me, ma'am, well enough to allow that Pd taae nothin' outer this yer bouse ez I didn't bring inter it.' -?Too an going awayfebe eaid, in a voice ftatwa* not audible is benetf, but aaemed to echo vaguely «. be, mental coaaonsneaa. 'I be. Kf ye don't know why, ma'am, ['reckon ex you'll hear it (ran the aaaaevyee' a I did. It'« on'y the (qoar thine to aay afore I go, ex it ain't my fault nor laVa. I was on the hill this marein' in the oU -*bi°.' ItMemedasifhelnKiiaU ber this before, so old«nd«U^vid«nttheftetappnand. 'I wai sayin' I wor on die Ida, when theerd rycee.andlookin' ootl seed you with* stran ger. From what ye know o' sne and my ways, ma'am, it ain't lie me to listen to thot wot ain't allowed for me to bear. And ye might have Mood tear onto! now *f I hain't aeen a chap do.lgin' nund behind tfcetna auym* and lat nin'. When I need that maul knowea him to be a pore Kexican, whose legs I'd tended yer in the Gulch mor'o a year agn. I went np to him,andwbenbeeaedmeWdia)Tnm. Snt tlaidmy hand onto him— and— beatajed!' Tim was aomatbint; ao uncooseiooaiy large and Sue in the alight gsetun of tbia gi.nt'e hand as be emphsMed Us speech, that even through ber awutiy rising pride |[a. Coaroy wu awed and thrilled by ft. But the next moment ahe found herself aayinc— who her sloua or not she could not tefl— 'If be bad loved me be would ban killed him than, and ?4ere.' ' Wot that man aed to ine— ban' flustered andaavage like, along o' ban' choked hard to keep him from eingin' out and bmkin' in upon yoaao* tbet enlire atrsngsr ain't iur nu to aay. &owin;' him longer than I da, I reckon youauapeet 'bout amt ftwaa. Hast it ez the troth r read it is your tana now, saa'am, ex I reckon I might ban read it at' and «? in auny ways sad varT* atyjas eens we're been yer to gether, «n- I was tbet weak aad aadmoed ^IxurMnbatecbaad ben, nad tka with hia broad natm appearad to wipe away (be trouble. aad|»*rplevily dsat bad atari ahadowadit Be tbaw daw a aasv araaiaas breast. Tib dnand aft * Stie -f^m fit m IV hand orer to Lawyer KaxweD BaUt/snrkadc again all ex Icaeetaidaf yvaaasl all act ever sapeat to her. For I 4awA mgm with tM Ibzieaa fketwe* was (id to Oraee belongs to me, IaBowea ahe tin eettle thet heraeir, ef abe enr comes, and ef I know tHet chile, ma'am, ate ain't coin' ta tech it srith a two-root pole. We've alias bin simple folks, nu'am, though it ain't the eauar' thing to take me for a aample, being ooeddieated and common, but fhar ain't a Conroy thet lived ez was ever pinted for money or ax ever toik mare outer the coau»anr*« wages than his grab and hi« clothes ' It was tb* first time that he bad ever asserted himself in her presence, and even then be did it half apotofetieaBT, yet with an uneonseion: dignity in bit manner that became him well. He reached down as be spoke, and took np hu pick and hi. bundle and turned to go. 'There t- nothinr then tbii yew htve ieft behind you f ' she asked. He raised his eyes squarely to her*. ' No,' be said, simpk, ' nothinr ' Oh, if ahe cooid ba-e only spoken ! Oh, bad she bat darel to tell him thit be hid left behind that which he coold not take away, that which the mere inttineta of faia za«ohood would bare atirred him whb tenderness and merer, that which would have appe»led to him through its very helplessness and youth. But she dared not. ^ist efogoffnee which an hoar before bad been ready enough to sway the feelings of the man to whom she had been fahhlee and did not love, failed ber now. Io tbe grasp M her Grat an4 only hopeless pasrion this arcb-hypocrite had lost even the laet of the stmplea of her sex. She did not even assume sn indifference ! S^ie said sothing ; wbeu she raised her eyes again he waa gone. fiba was wrong. At the front door be stopped, hesitated a moment and then retansfid slowly and diffidently to the room. Her heart beat rapidly, and then was still. ' Te asked me jest now,' be raid falteringly, ef thar was anything rz { was bavin' behind. Iltar it, ef ye'ti overlook my eayin' it. When you aod me allowed to leave fnr furriu parts, I reckoned to leave tbet hnosefcaeper bebiod, and miuefcnowed to ye I cin her some money and a ehwee. I tole her thet if ever thet dear chile, Sister Grace, came bere, tbet e'tae enould take her in and do by ber a I would, and let me know. Et may be a heap to ask, bat if it tun'l too mneb— I— «hooldo't-^ike--yer-4o— turn — tbet innocent nnaaapeetin1 chile away from the house thet she mi;ht tale to be mine. Ye needn't let on anythiu* tnef - gone ; ye needn't tell her wot a fool T*e been, bm jeit take ber in and aend for me. Jjawyer HacweU will gvn yod my addresB.' The sting recalled her benumbed life. She roe* with a harsh dissonant la.ash and said, 'Foar unshes shall be fo'filled— if'— ehe hesitated a mement — ** I am here.' But he did not bear tbe last eentenc?, and was gone. 