THE" INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] THE OPENING DAY. THE Philadelphians have the reputation of being rather slow, and comparisons have been made between them and the Japanese the reverse of complimentary. Much of this disparagement may be attributed to the jealousy of New York and neighbouring cities, which were not altogether pleased that the Quaker city should be selected as the site for the centennial cele- bration, and which are a little envious at the growing trade and importance of this big village. However torpid the normal condition of the Philadelphians, it must be admitted that during the last month, at any rate, they have exhibited a becoming amount of energy ; and their steady and systematic labour has pushed forward the preparations for their darling project at a rate which few be- lieved to be possible. The Exhibition is at the west end of the city, and the great body of artisans and labourers employed on the grounds or in the buildings live some miles to the eastward. The horse railroads have been taxed to the utmost to transport the army of workmen employed, and for some hours in the morning and again in the evening it has been quite impossible for many to get foothold on the cars. The municipal authorities have had large gangs of men and horses employed upon bridges and roads leading to the world's fair; and the work of cutting down embankments, grading and paving streets and footpaths, has gone on simultaneously. High winds have prevailed for some weeks, and the approaches within two or three miles of the buildings have been almost blocked up with endless proces- sions of dirt-carts, lumber waggons, and vehicles of every description. The neighbourhood has been likened to the Desert of Sahara, with what degree of truth African travellers alone can determine. I con- sider a Sydney " brickfielder' almost enjoyable when compared with the stifling sensations caused by the clouds of micacious granite which swept down the Gira d Avenue all through April. Fortunately for the Commission, the tracks of the Pennsylvania Railroad have long been laid into the grounds, and but for that the opening of the Exhibition might safely have been postponed for at least six months. The Commission have had about two thousand men at work in the park in making reservoirs for fountains, forming paths, and turfing or planting the grounds. All the paths are made of asphalt, and, as fast as the material was shot from the carts, one set of men raked it over the bed prepared for it, while another followed up with a huge iron roller and compacted the crust. Inside of this roller was a large semicircular pan, in which was a blazing fire, and, being hung upon pivots, the pan followed the movement of the roller, so that great heat, as well as weight, was applied to the fusion and compression of the crust. If ever asphalt pavements come into favour in New South Wales, it may be worth while, to adopt this plan of rolling, which is at once simple and effective. The greatest activity has pre- vailed, and, in the midst of all the bustle, the "Centennial" locomotives have been hauling long trains of freight- waggons into the Machinery Hall, to the numerous platforms along the main building, and to different points in the park. The British Com- mission have had a road traction engine for most of their hauling, which has done a large amount of work upon a small consumption of fuel, and has been a very interesting exhibit to the Americans from the factt that this description of engine has never before, as I am informed, been seen in the United States. In addition to the large number of men employed, Fair- mount Park has been overrun with multitudes of sight-seers, who have passed the tracks of the locomotives and threaded their way among horses and carts without fear of accident. The liability to accident from level crossings over railway lines must be much greater than where the elaborate precautions are taken to ensure safety under the English svstem of constructing railways ; but accidents are quite as rare- here, for the extra risk is more than counterbalanced by the self-possession and watchfulness of the people themselves. Order and beauty have been evolved from the chaos and un- sightliness which for a long time defaced much of the Park handed over to the Centennial Commission, and those who have had charge of this business have good reason to be satisfied with the transformation which has been effected. Within the different structures, especially in the main building, the greatest activity prevailed, and an incredible amount of work has been done in the aggregate. Mast of the countries and individual exhibitors who have given much attention to orna- ment sent their cases or buildings ready to be placed in position, and the most rapid progress was therefore possible. A large space, which was peifectly bare one week, was covered with richly carved and gilded structures the next ; and the collective results of a single day's labour would astonish any one who has not reflected upon the amount of work of this descrip- tion which may be done be many hundreds of men employed in carrying out plans previously matured, and in most cases partly completed. Men from nearly every civilized part of the earth have vied with each other in their preparation«, and, as far as perfect readi- ness on the day of opening goes, it is admitted that Great Britain and several of her colonies have scored a victory. Italy, Portugal, Mexico, and notably France, are among the laggards. The countries represented in the main building are the United States of America, Great Britain and Ireland, Germany, France, Nor- way, Sweden, Austria, Spain, Portugal, Den- mark, Belgium, the Netherlands, Russia, Italy, Turkey, Switzerland, Canada, San Salvador, Honduras, Brazil, Chili, the Argentine Re- public, Mexico, Guatemala, Peru, Ecuador, Vene- zuela. Bolivia, British India, China, Japan, Siam Egypt, Tunis, Liberia, Orange Free States, Cape of Good Hope, New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, Victoria, Queensland, Now Zealand; Fiji, and the Sandwich Islands. Of these communities flirteen are more than 5000 miles distant from Phila- delphia, seven over 7500, and three (British India, Australia, and New Zealand) over 10,000 miles. Photographs of the five principal buildings have been so widely distiibuted in Australia that the character of their elevations must be generally known; but with a view to give an idea of the extent of the exhibition it may be well to recall a few facts. The main building coves 21½ acres of ground, and has cost about 1,100,000 dollars. It was run up in less than eighteen months, and is so constructed that it could readily be taken to pieces, and the Centennial Commission would no doubt be quite willing to ship it to Sydney if you could find a market for it. It is remarkably well proportioned, and has the appearance of lightness combined with strength. It is thoroughly well adapted to Exhibition purposes, all parts being equally well lighted, and the ventilation as perfect as it is possible to make it. The length of the avenues in this building exceeds five miles and a half, so that any one who walks up and down each passage will, when he reaches the end of his journey, have com- pleted a pilgrimage of nearly twelve miles. If he be determined to see everything in the main building his peregrinations must be much more extensive, for the passage ways in most of the courts ave necessarily four or five times as long as the avenues which give access to them. Rolling chairs, with a man to push you along, may be hired for half a crown an hour, or at the rate of something under £1 a day. The narrow gauge railway to carry passengers round the grounds is now finished, and comes into operation on the 15th instant The Machinery Hall covers fourteen acres, the Agricultural Hall ten and a quarter, and the Art Gallery and the Horticultural Hall each take in one and a half. These 48 acres were found insuffi- cient to meet the demands for space, and several annexes have therefore been erected, so that the total area now under cover for exhibition purposes exceeds seventy-five acres. It is twenty-five acres more than was enclosed at the Vienna Exhibition, thirty-five acres more than at Paris in 1867, and fifty-five more than at London in 1851. The estimated cost of the buildings and fittings is about £1,344,970. If to this be added the estimated cost of "running" — and in America people not only run cars and steamboats, but theatres, exhibitions, hotels, churches, and, indeed, everything else which implies a continuous expenditure of money — the concern, the total expense is expected to " fo o up" £1,500,000. This outlay will be provided from the subscriptions of stock-holders to the amount of £500,000, the city of Philadelphia supplies £300 000, the State of Pennsylvania £200,000, and the Government of the United States £300,000. Other ssources of income swell the total to £1,400,000, The receipts from admissions to the Exhibition are expected to cover the deficiency, and to repay the stock subscriptions and the United States appropriation, the interests of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania being represented by the Machinery, Memorial, and Horticultural Halls. For beauty of situation and convenience of access, the Centennial Exhibition is said to surpass all the other great "fairs" which have been held, in the capitals of Europe. There is scarcely a street in Philadelphia which is not traversed by horse rail- roads : and all the principal lines converge at the Exhibition gates. All the steam railroads connecting Philadelphia with other cities of the United States have also been extended to the Park; and in this way the utmost economy of time and money is ob- tained. The fare on the street tramways is 3½d., and the distances run are about four or five miles. The fare was 2½d. before the war, and the people of Phila- delphia appear to regard themselves as the victims of extortion on the part of the street railroad in that they have to pay 3d½. 'The Penns- vania and other seam railroad companies have redyced their fares to the extent of 25 per cent, instead of 50 as was expected, and there is reason to fear that the depressed condition of all American in- dustries, and the comparatively high rate of railway travel, will prevent many thousands from visiting the Exhibition. It is claimed that Fairmount Park is one of the finest in the world. As to that I can form no opinion. I have seen no pleasure ground in America at all worthy to be named with the Botanic Gardens and Domain at Sydney, and many of the parks and gardens so-called flourish on maps under false pretences; but then the area of the Sydney Gardens and Domain is insignificant when compared with the parks of San Francisco, New York and Philadelphia, of each of which the inhabitants may well be proud. Fairmount Park is situated on a hill to the west of Philadelphia, and from its highest ridges an extensive view of the city may be ob- tained. The ground slopes down to the Schuylkill in graceful undulations, and across some of the glens handsome bridges have been thrown. While winter lasted the aspect of the Park was bare and bleak, but now that the trees have put forth their leaves, and a rich green carpet of grass, dotted over with blue violets and a kind of saxifrage, which sends up little forests of white flowers called "Quaker ladies," has taken the place of ice and snow, the picture is entirely changed. Rich borders of crocuses and snowdrops, of red and white and blue hyacinths, and of tulips made the early spring bright with colour, and their places are being filled with coleus, achyranthus, and other plants of variegated foliage. The blooms of a very handsome white magnolia, the double-flowering plum, and a yellow forsythia have given place to the white and purple lilies, and there is no doubt that every month will add some fresh attraction to the grounds. The Park includes about three thousand acres, and the drives along the banks of the Schuylkill and the Wissahicon, from ten to fifteen miles long, are among the most charming which could well be imagined. The area occupied by the Com- mission is nearly 236 acres. This is dotted over with 180 buildings of all descriptions. The British Government have erected three houses, the principal of which, St. George's Hall, is used as offices by the Executive Commissioners, by Canada, and the various British colonies. The United States Government, Canad, Spain, Germany, Sweden, France, Brazil, and Japan have also special buildings, while Pennsyl- vania, Ohio, Indiana, Vermont, Mississippi, New Jersey, Illinois. Wisconsin, Michigan, New Hamp- shire, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Delaware, Min- nesota, Arkansas, West Virginia Missouri, Kansas, and New England; have also Statee buildings for exhibition and executive purposes. Cook and Jenkins have an office for the sale of tickets to persons who may wish to travel to any part of the world. The Centennial Commission and Customs' authorities have numerous offices, and there are restaurants of all nationalities. The United States has a post-office and a hospital ; the press, the electric telegraph, and the transportation companies are also represented by special buildings, which I need not now more particularly refer to. The facili- ties for transacting business or communicating with the rest of the world could hardly be greater than those which are provided within the Exhibition grounds Every description of financial business maybe done at the Centennial National Bank. The letter- boxes in the buildings bear inscriptions in eight different languages, that they are emptied every hour; if the course of post be too slow, the visitor can tele- graph to any point on the habitable globe, and make arrangements for transferring himself to any part of America, Europe, Africa, Asia or Australia, to which interest or inclination may lead him. When the Exhibition was first projected, Fairmount Park was removed from Philadelphia by wide intervals of enclosed land. Now, however, the space has been thickly built over, and the city has spread itself out to the very gates of the Exhibition and beyond them. Hundreds of houses have been run up during the last two months, many of them being built of wood, in defiance of city regulations. The Courts issued in- junctions against the erection of these inflammable structures, as being a violation of municipal law : but the interests in "Shanty Town,'" as the neighbour- hood has been contemptuously designated, were stronger than the law and executive. The law has not been enforced, and the shanties multiplied more rapidly after the injunction« was issued even than be- fore. It may be, that if the law were enforced it would necessitate the removal of several of the State buildings and restaurants which have been erected on the park, the privilege of erecting the latter having in some cases cost £10,000. Several of the largest hotels are near the Fxhibition, and the rest of Shanty Town is devoted to the selling of lager beer in ''summer gardens" (that is to say, back yards in which a blade of grass, a leaf, or a flower is not to be found; to restaurants, catchpenny shows, ginger- bread, peanut, and apple stalls. The propriety of opening the Exhibition on Sundays has been the great topic of discussion in the news- papers for the last month : and if the Philadelphians are not well post d in every phase of the Sabbath question, it must be their own fault. The Christian public have strenuously opposed the proprsal to open the Exhibition on religious and social grounds, although one or two clergymen have told their hearers at an indignation meeting that it would do more harm to close the Exhibition on Sundays than it would to shut up the churches. The Centennial Commission have decided by a large majority to close the Exhibition on Sundays ; but there aree strong pecuniary interests enlisted on the other side, and the pressure brought to bear upon the Commission may possibly reverse the decision. The Germans, who are very numerous, are most eager to get the place opened ; and many expect that Philadelphia will have its Sundays' quiet invaded in a manner little to its liking. Should the Exhibition be opened it is not unlikely that the British section will be closed, and many of the American exhibitors will drape their stands. On the Sunday after the decision was arrived at by the Commission, the officers of the Commission were at work, horses and locomotives were hauling heavy loads, and an immense crowd of workmen was busier than ever. This was doubtless very inconsistent; to many it will appear very shocking : and yet it is quite of a piece with what is done the world over under similar circumstances. The appearance of the main building, on the night of the 9th of May was in striking contrast with that which it presented on the morning of the 10th. Enormous piles of straw shavings and empty packing cases blocked up many of the avenues, and many of the sections were in a condition of dirt and disorder. Most of the exhibitors however completed the work of arrange- ment during the night, and the systematic operations of the barrowmen and sweepers, whom method and a month's work had made expert, were equal to the last emergency. The organization of the different depart- ments of service, customs' officials, terminal agents, firemen, and centennial guards has been complete and effective. Goods once in the building could only be removed on customs' permit : and any one who had the smallest parcel in his hand was required to exhibit the contents to the customs' officers before he was allowed to leave the building. Some people have been disposed to resent this as an affront, forgetting that the regulation was as much for the pro- tection of exhibitors as for the United States revenue. Soldering irons could not be used except a fireman stood by with an extincteur ; and when empty cases weve removed their lids had to be fast- ened on to the bottom as a precaution against smuggling. The Centennial guard relieve each other day and night at stated interval« ; but many of the exhibitors have their private watchmen, and with all these precautions it is doubtful whether pilfering, which is considered to be inevitable at exhibitions, will be altogether prevented. At daylight on Wednesday morning,May 10, the bells in all the churches were rung, and many of the inhabitants of Philadelphia expressed their gladness by filing off guns. The rain which had fallen on the previous day made the streets rather dirty, and the weather until about 9 o'clock was very threatening. When I started for the Exhibition, soon after 7 o'clock, every house in every street through which I passed was decorated with flags, horses and vehicles were dressed out with the national emblem, and the very trees made to blossom with the folds of the star-spangled banner. From the window s of some of the buildings nearly 200 flags were hung, and from pavements to roofs all the houses and shops on both sides of the streets were almost hidden under brilliant-coloured flags. At that early hour all the cars running over the three nearest lines to Farmount Park were crowded with passengerss, and it was not even possible to "hang on with your eyebrows," that feat being already exemplified by those who had preceded me. By taking a car down to the Delaware, and starting from a point furthest removed from the Exhibition, I was able to get a seat and reach the buildings before the time of opening. Large crowds were already there, and everybody seemed to take a lively interest in the events of the day. The opening ceremonies were held out of doors, between the main building (where a platform had been erected for the orchestra and chorus) and the Memorial Hall, in front of which platforms had been built for the invited guests. The intervening space was occupied by a dense crowd of spectators, who waited with commendable patience and good humour for nearly two hours for the ceremonies to begin. The platforms in front of the Memorial Hall were occupied by the President of the United States, his Cabinet, and the members of Congress, the Emperor of Brazil, the members of the Centennial Commission, foreign Commissioners, including those from Australia, and almost everybody of social, political, or scientific celebrity in the United States. The national airs of all nations was the first item on the programme, and the orchestra, under the direc- tion of Theodore Thomas, worked away at this pro- digious task with a will until the arrival of the Pre- sident, but whether or not they got through I am unable to say. The "order of exercises," as put down on the programme, placed "the Reception of the President" next. A chair ws handed to his Excellency over the heads of the crowd on the plat- form, and the spectators cheered General Grant very heartily. If any further reception was in- tended I doubt whether it came off. The Centen- nial Inauguration March, composed by Wagner, was then performed by the orchestra, with marked effect. The Rev. Bishop Simpson, one of the oldest and most esteemed members of the Methodist Episcopal Church, offered a prayer, in which, with adoration and gratitude, the national blessings of the century were acknowledged. Mention was more espe- cially made of God's goodness, in lending his chosen people "through the billows of the deep, to a land of vast extent, of towering mountains and broad plains, oi unnumbered products, and of untold treasures ;" of the fathers of the country, men of mind and might, who braved multiplied dangers rather than defile con- science, and had laid on the broad foundation of truth and justice the giant structure of civil free- dom ; of the immortal Washington and his grand associates ; of social and national prosperity and pro- gress, valuable discoveries and multipled inventions for relieving the to'iing masses, of schools, free as the morning light, of freedom to worship God, and of Church unfettered by the trammels of State. Suppli- cation was made for the President of the United States ; that this Centennial Celebration might bind every part of the Great Republic in perpetual union, and draw the nations of the earth into a happier unity. The Bishop prayed that national differences might be settled by arbitration, that the new centurv might be more radiant with the light of true philosophy, warmed with the emanations of a world-wide sympathy ; that capital, genius, and labour might be freed from all antagonism by the establishment and application of such principles of justice and equity as should reconcile diversified interests, and bind all parts of society in imperishable bands. A chorus of nearly a thousand voices, assisted by the orchestra and organ, then sang Whittier's Centennial Hymn, and this was the most impressive as it appeared to be the most pleasing part of the ceremonial. Our Fathers' God! from out whose hand The centuries fall like grains of sand, We meet today, united, free And loyal to our land and Thee, To thank the for the era done. And trust Thee for the opening one. Here, where of old by thy design The fathers spake that word of Thine, Whose echo is the glad refrain Of rendred bolt and falling chain To grace our festal time, from all The zones of earth our guests we call. Be with us while the New World greets The Old World thronging all its streets, Unveiling all the triumphs won By art or toil beneath the sun ; And unto common good ordain . This rivalship of hand and brain. Thou who hast here in concord furled The war flags of a gathered world, Beneath our Western skies fulfil The Orient's mission of good will And freighted with love's golden Fleece, Send back the Argonauts of peace. For art and labour met in truce, For scanty made the bridge of use We thank Thee while withal we crave The austere virtue strong to have The honour proof to place or gold The manhood never bought or sold! Oh! make Thee to us, through centuries long In peace secure, injustice strong; Around our gift of freedom draw These ... guards of Thy righteous law; And cast in some divine mould Let the new cycle shame the old! Mr. John Welsh, the president of the Centennial Board of Finance, in an appropriate speech, formally handed over the centennial buildings to General Hawley, president of the Commission. Sidney Lanier's cantata was then given by the chorus and orchestra to music by Mr. Dudley Buck in a manner which almost clothed with dignity and sense a com- position the style of which I supposed was rather hysterical and the meaning a little obscure. Mr. Lanier's lines are — From this hundred-terraced height Sight more large with nobler light Ranges down yon towering years Humble smiles and lordlier fears Shine and fall, shine and fall, While old voices rise and call Yonder where the to-and-fro Weltering of my Long-Ago Moves about the moveless base Far below my resting-place Mayflower, Mayflower, slowly hither flying Trembling Westward o'er you balking sea, ' Hearts with a ."Farewell dear England" sighing, Winds without, "But dear in vain" replying Gray-lipp'd waves about thee shouted, crying "No ! It shall not be." Jamestown, out of thee — Plymouth, thee thee. Albany — Winter cries, "Ye freeze: away !" Fever cries " Ye burn : away !'" Hunger cries, " Ye starve: away !" Vengeance cries. '.Your graves shall stay !" Then old Shapes and Masks of Things, Framed like Faith' or clothed like Kings — Ghosts of Goods once fleshed and fair, Grown foul Bads in alien air — "War, and his most noisy lords, Tongued with lithe and poisoned swords — Error, Terror, Rage, and Crime All in wintry night of time Cried to me from land and sea, "No ! Thou shalt not be ! " Hark! " Huguenots whispering "Yes" in the dark, Puritans answering " Yea" in the dark ! Yea, like an arrow shot true to his mark, Darts through the tyrannous heart of Denial, Patience and Labour and solemn- souled Trial, Foiled, still beginning, Soiled, but not sinning. Toil through the stertorous death of the night. Toil, when wild brother wars new dark the Light Toil, and forgive, and kiss o'er and replight. Now praise to God's oft-granted grace, Now praise to Man's undaunted face, Despite the land, despite the sea, I was; I am: and I shall be — How long, Good Angel. O how long? ' Sing me from Heaven a man's own song! " Long as thine Art shall love true love, Long as thy Science truth shall know, Long as the Eagle harms no Dove, Long as thy law by law shall grow, Long as thy God is God above. Thy brother every man below, So long, dear land of all my love, Thy name shall shine, thy fame shall glow." O Music, from this height of time my Word unfold! In thy large signals all men's hearts Man's Heart behold: Mid-heaven unroll thy chords as friendly flags unfurled. And wave the word's best lover's welcome to the world. In presenting the Exhibition to the President of the United States, General Hawley said :— "In the name of the United States you extended a cordial and respectful invitation to the Governments of other nations to be represented and to participate in this Exhibition. You know the very acceptable terms in which they responded, from even the most distant regions. Their Commissioners are here, and you will soon see with what energy and brilliancy they have entered upon this friendly competition in the arts of peace. It has been the fervent hope of the Commission, that, during this festival year, the people from all States and sections, of all creeds and Churches, all parties and classes, burying all resentments, would come up together to this birthplace of our liberties, to study the evidence of our resources ; to measure the progress of a hundred years, and to examine to our profit the wonderful products of other lands; but especially to join hands in perfect fraternity, and promise the God of our fathers that the new century shall surpass the old in the true glories of civilisation. And, furthermore, that from the association here of welcome visitors from all nations, there may result not alone great benefits to invention, manufactures, agriculture, trade, and commerce, but also stronger international friendships and more lasting peace." President Grant's address was as follows :— "My Countrymen : It has been thought appropriate upon this Centennial occasion, to bring together in Phila- delphia, for popular inspection, specimens of our attainments in the industrial and fine arts, and in literature, science, and philosophy, as wall as in the great business of agriculture and of commerce. That we may the more thoroughly appreciate the excellences and deficiencies of our achievements, and also give emphatic expression to our earnest desire to cultivate the friendship of our fellow-members of this great family of nations, the enlightened agricultural, commercial, and manufac- turing people of the world have been invited to send hither coresponding specimens of their skill, to ex- hibit on equal terms in friendly competition with our own. To this invitation they have generously re- sponded; for so doing we render them our hearty thanks. The beauty and utility of the contributions will this day be submitted to your inspection by the managers of this Exhibition. We are glad to know that a view of specimens of the skill of all nations will afford to you unalloyed pleasure, as well as yield to you a valuable practical knowledge of so many of the remarkable results of the wonderful skill existing in enlightened communities. One hundred years ago our country was new and but par- tially settled. necessities have compelled us to chiefly expended our means and time in felling forests, subduing praries, building dwellings, factories, ships, docks, warehouses, roads, canals, machinery, &c.; Most of our schools, churches, libraries, and asylums have been established within an hundred years. Burdened these great primal works of necessity, which could not be delayed, we yet have done what this Exhibition will show in the direction of rivalling older and more advanced nations in law, medicine and theology in science, literature, philosophy, and the fine arts. While proud of what we have done, we regret that we have not done more. Our achieve- ments have been great enough, however, to make it easy for our people to acknowledge superior merit wherever found. And now, fellow citizens I hope a careful examination of what is a out to be exhibited to you will not only inspire you with a profound respect for the skill and taste of our friends from other nations but also satisfy you with the attainments made by our own people druing the past one hundred years. I invoke your generous co-operation with the worthy Commissioners to secure a brilliant success to this International Exhibition, and to make the stay of our foreign visitors —- to whom we extend a hearty welcome — both profitable and pleasant to them. I declare the International Exhibition now open." The speech of the President was followed by the Hallelujah Chorus, a salute of one hundred guns was fired, and chimes were run. A procession through the main building had been arranged, but the crowd was so dense that it was impossible for the procession ists to keep together, and what was meant to be very imposing march. was a complete failure. Presi- dent Grant, the Emperor of Brazil, Sir Edward Thornton, Director-General Goshorn, and some others kept pretty well together, and as they proceeded along the nave, they stopped at the entrance of each of the courts to greet the Commissioners. They were eceived at the New South Wales court by Mr. Augustus Morris, Mr. R. W. Cameron, Dr. Forbes Mr P. A. Jennings, Mr. George Russell, Dr. William Morris, and the secretary to the Commissioners. Proceeding to the machinery hall, President Grant and the Emperor of Brazil concluded the opening ceremonies by starting Corliss' big engine, which at once set all the machinery in motion. Time does not permit of particular reference to the articles shown in any department of the Exhibition: and it is desirable for purposes of comparison that some of the sections now incomplete should be finished before an attempt is made to estimate their relative merits So far as Australia is concerned it is still almost exclusively represented by New South Wales and Queensland, and people who have visited the Exhibition have expressed themselves as being much gratified with the position the oldest and the youngest of the Australian communities occupy here. Both courts were perfectly ready before the day of opening. The collections as a whole represent large interests and are calculated to give a favourable im- pression to visitors of the great agricultural, pastoral, and mineral wealth of Australia. The enlarged and painted photographs of Queensland are exceedingly attractive, and her collection of sugar, ingot tin, and copper ores are exceedingly fine. South Australia and Victoria have a few small photographs, skins and models of nuggets in place, but the bulk of their ex- hibits has jet to arrive; Tasmania has nothing in place as yet; but as the Skerryvore is now discharg- ing cargo at New York these three colonies will I hope be able to set their house in order before long. Unless Victoria brings up a good collection of wool I think it likely that in that com- modity New South Wales will surpass all the Aus- tralian colonies and New Zealand put together. Her exhibit of tin ores and coal, shale and kerosene oil, cannot be excelled. She makes a magnificent show of tweeds, plaids, and shawls; the collection of leather, sent by Alderson and Sons, Wright, Daven- port and Co., and Forsyth, are most extensive and valuable. She has a magnificent trophy of Austra- lian wines; several very superior samples of raw and refined sugar from he Colonial Sugar Refining Company and Clarence River growers; a very hand- some exhibit of confectionery from Biddell, Brothers and also of oranges preserved in brine. The saddlery is superior, and the timbers, especially those selected by Sir Daniel Cooper from Kew Gardens are the finest I have ever seen. The geological cases from the Department of Mines, especially those illustrative of the New South Wales coal formations will be regarded with much interest by scientific men and the cases containing auriferous quarts, tin, iron, copper and miscellaneous ores form a good advertisement of the mineral resources of the colony. The trophies of grain bar and ingot tin, and of ingot copper also make an effective display. There are several very handsome maps showing the distribution of minerals and the areas suitable for different branches of agriculture; a large number of handsome photographs, and I shall not be surprised to learn that Holtermann's panoramic view of Sydney Harbour is the largest and one of the most interesting in the exhibition. It is much regretted that Victoria, South Australia and Tasmania should not have been represented at the opening and I hope before the next mail closes to have the pleasure of reporting that all the leading colonies of Australia are well represented by specimens of their products and industry. Several entertainments have been given, to which the Commissioners from Australia have been invited. At the reception given by Mr. George W. Childs on the 10th, and the dinner given by Sir Edward Thorn- ton on the 11th of May, they had opportunities of meeting President Grant, the Emperor of Brazil, and most of the leading men in the political life of America, as well as many distinguished foreigners who are now in Philadelphia. A very cordial feeling appears to subsist amongst the representatives from the different Australian colonies and New Zealand, and, as the result of a meeting held by them a few days ago, a dinner of all the British colonies repre- sented at the Exhibition has been arranged to take place in St. George's Hall on the 20th. The judges have all been named, but all the accep- tances are not y et in. The Centennial Commission propose to publish them on the 24th of May, but the names of many of them have already leaked out. Until about a fortnight ago no provision had been made for the appointment of a judge of wool, but that very grave defect is, I believe, to be remedied. The names of the judges in the departments of most interest to Australia are :— Group I. — Minerals, Mining, and Metallurgy. — American Judges : A. L. Holley of New York, T. S. Hunt of Massachusetts, E. Harrison of St Louis, S. J. Reeves of Pennsylvania, S. B. Axtell of New Mexico, J. W. Mackey of Nevada, Matthew Addy of Ohio, J. D. Hague of California, W. S. Keyes of Nevada, Frederick Prime, jun. English judge: Isaac Lowthian Bell, M.P. French judge : M. Simonin, engraver. Group IV. — Animal and Vegetable Products, and the Machinery for their preparation. — American judges : E. N. Horsford of Massachusetts, L. B. Arnold of New York, Colonel J. F. Tobias of Penn- svlvania, Colonel John Bradford of Florida, General H. M. Naglee of California, Geirdo Marks of Ohio, Ryland T. r own, of Indiana, Walter J. Green of Wisconsin, Decatur H. Miller of Maryland, James M. Schaffer of Iowa. Group IX. — Wool and Silk Fabrics, including Materials and Machinery. — John L. Hayes of Massa- chusetts, E. C. Cowdin of New York, — Boutillier and C. J. Ellis of Pennsylvania, J. Lang of Maine, Barton H. Jenks of Pennsylvania, H. C. Goodspeed of Utah, Judge Williams of Iowa. Cotton Yarns and Woven Goods.-Dr. Forbes Watson. Woollen Goods. Henry Mitchell of Bradford. Group XII. -Leather and Manufactures of Leather, Ex-Governor F. H. Pierpont of AArest Virginia, John |Cummins of Massachusetts, Thomas Miles of Penn- sylvania, W. B. Haselton of St. Louis. The judges will be required to send in written reports on the intrinsic and relative merits of the articles submitted to them ; and it is therefore expected that their awards will be more satisfactory than the decisions of jurors have generally been. The paying attendance at the Exhibition has been much less than I expected it would be. A half-dollar note (2s.) is the ticket of admission, and the number of persons who paid on the first day was 76,217, on the secod 14,718, and on the third 10,242. Philadelphia, May 13. At the Norfolk assizes, £3000 was awarded by a special jury to the widow of Mr. Womack, Norwich, who was killed in the Thorpe collision. 