TOWN TALK. His Excellency tlie Governor has hcen in vited to attend the Winter Steeplechase Meeting, hut it is very improbable that lie will be able to do so, as the accident he re cently sustained would appear to be more severe than it was at first imagined. His Excellency only returned to Melbourne by the last train on Friday evening, had to be assisted from the railway carriage, and it was only with great pain he could walk across to his private carriage. The absence of his well-known face from our race meet ing will be very noticeable, as His Excellency has made himself very popular. It will be seen by our intercolonial tele grams that James G. Sawcll, late paying teller at the Bank of Hew South Wales in Melbourne, has been arrested in Adelaide. It is estimated he plundered the bank to the extent of £5000 ; if so, what sort of super vision could there have been V We learn that Mr M. Fearnley, M.A., of Trinity College, Cambridge, has been ap pointed Classical Master, at the Geelong College, where he will enter upon his duties after the midwinter recess. The distinguished character of Mr Fearnley's attainments may be gathered from the facts that in 1SGG ho obtained the gold medal of the Tasmaniau Council of Education as Senior Associate of his year,- besides special prizes for both classics and Mathematics. In 1SGS he gained the Tasmanian Scholarship of £200 per an num, tenable for four years at any English University, and accordingly entered Trinity College, Cambridge, where he distinguished himself as twice prizeman of his college, also gaining an exhibition of £90 and graduating iu classical houors in 1S73. He possesses testimonials of the highest order as to bis scholarsliij) and character from tho tutors and examiners of the University, while his abilities as a teacher are guaranteed by the excellent recommendations he has obtained from the authorities of Horton College, where .he has been second master for the last three years. Admirers of the game of billiards are re minded that this is the evening on which the most skilful player the world has ever seen will give liis second exhibition at the "Victoria Hotel, when doubtless he will, by a crowded attendance, bo shown that his mar vellous skill is appreciated as it ought to be. Those who saw him play on Monday last will need no -pressing to induce them to go again : those who have not seem him should avail themselves of this, the last opportunity that will, so far as Geelong is concerned, be afforded them. On the first occasion he played the crack professional ; on this, he will try conclusions with a local amateur, who formany years has been, able to hold his own against most, and who is to receive a start of GOO out of 1000. The game will commence at eight o'clock sharp, and intend ing visitors are reminded tlioy must be seated by that time, so as not to interfere with tho progress of the game. As announced on tho previous Sunday; a collection in aid of the fnud for the improve ment and beautifying of the Eastern Ceme tery, was made in the two Roman Catholic Churches yesterday. The amount subscribed at S^. Mary's Church was £44, and atAshby £1G, making a total of £G0. The Archdeacon, at the II o'clock Mass at St. Maiy's, ex pressed the great gratification he felt at the generosity with which his appeal had, been responded to. One of the letter carriers, named Bowen, whilst assisting to sort the English mails at the Post Office, on Saturday afternoon, met with a severe accident in a very simple manner. He was walking quickly past ono of the sorting tables when his foot caught in a string which had been taken off a packet of letters and had been hung on the handle of a drawer. He was thrown heavily to the floor, tho force of the fall being sufficient to fracture his leg abovo the knee. Ho was at once taken to the Hospital where Dr Scott set the limb. Mr Bowen was 011 a previous occasion tripped by one of the loops which, when hung on the handles, form a kind of snare. The funeral of the late Constable Clark took place yesterday afternoon. His remains were followed to their last resting place, the Eastern Cemetery, by about thirty members' of the police force under the command of Inspector Palmer. A great many of the friends of the deceased were in the proces- sion, which was a lengthy one. The funeral ceremony was performed by Father Bradbee, and the coffin was borne to the grave by four constables. A row occurred at the sale yards in ityrie streot on Saturday afternoon. A man named AI'Donald struck an old farmer, and caused a disturbance, which terminated by M'Donahl being ignominiously expelled front - the yards. We hear that Mr Vivian, of .the National Bank, is about to be removed to the Mel bourne branch of the bank. All the available land on the Farnliam survey, near Warmambool, was leased for potato-growing purposes oil Tues day, at £6 per acre for the season for grass land, and at £5 per acre for stubble. This is a wonderfully high rental and the sale of 1200 acres of the estate shortly will be looked forward to with no small amount of interest. It will probably realise an extra ordinary price. Quito au excited crowd of persons assem bled in Moorabool-streot, opposite Franks' corner, on Saturday night. The cause was a fight betweeu Jack O'lveefe, an individual of great notoriety in all parts of the Western District, and a man named M'Donahl, who had figured somewhat conspicuously, in' a scrimmage earlier in the day. Whon the excitement was at its' height the white feather was. held out by tlie Western hero, aud a cry of " Police !" was quickly seized as being a "let off," for the pugilists scam pered away in opposito directions, followed by a number of larrikins. Geeloug subscribers to the Art Union of London have again been fortunate. From the report of the drawing we notice that Mr F. B. Piucott has drawn a prize valued at £25; Mr A. Davidson (Davidson and Hen derson), one of £20; Mr J. Bell, a china tazza: Mr J. S. Bray, the Rev. Mr Baird, and Mr Panton, P.M., a statuette of Whit tington; and Air Franks, a volnme of auto types. Air R. G. Thomas, of Unlay, South Australia, won a prize of £300. There is every likelihood of a speedy dis ruption taking place in the People's Church, Yarra-strcet. The cause is an alleged iu gratitnde on the part of Mr Wallace, the blind preacher, and certain statements made by him with respect to Air White, the honorary secretary of the church committee. A meeting of the committee will be held this week, when matters relating to the quarrel will be fully investigated. There was some really splendid play on the Qnoit Club ground on Saturday, that displayed by Air Cox being espe cially worthy of notice. In tlie evening a meeting was held, when, all accounts in connection with the late match having been settled, Air Rippon tendered his resignation as Vice-President of.the Club. This was ac cepted with regret; a vote of thanks was awarded him for the assistance he had in every way rendered to popularise the game, and several eulogistic speeches were made, in which the speakers expressed their deep regret at Air llippon's approaching departure from the town in which he has resided for so many years, and wished him every success iu his new sphere of life, he baring accepted the position of editor of the Hamilton Soec tator. On a resolution moved by him, se conded by Air Hawkes, AH-Joseph Brearley was elected to the vacant position of Vice President, and appropriately returned thanks for the honour conferred upon him. All coursing clubs in the colony, with the exception of the Grant and Polwarth Club, are particularly anxious about getting the fullest newspaper publicity -with respect to their meetings. By this they secure sub scribers who enter dogs for the various stakes offered for competition. Tlio Grant and Pol warth Club get their meetings off by stealth as it were, for they ignore the Press reporters aud scarcely any of the stakes they offer get filled. The next meeting of the club takes place on Thursday when the All-aged Stakes (16 dogs) will be run off on the Burnside estate, about a mile or so from the Leigh-road railway station. Although applications for nominating dogs were received on Thursday last no intimation of the fact was given to the Press, hut ou Saturday the affair got " blown." What reason the club or the sec retary have for their silence is as much a mystery as was the disappearance of Aire Thompson. Alany membsrs of the club who have been kept in ignorance of certain mat ters intend having the subject ventilated. There is little wonder at the stakes not fill ing when only a few persons an; made aware of the day for receiving applications. The following are the applications for nominating dogs to run iu the All-aged StakesAfessre H. Hells, S. Austin, aud J. Bell, two each; Mbssrs A. Alack, J. J. Buck],and, G. Ox borough, R. Alillcr, J. Aliddlemiss, R. Scott, J. Kelly, T. Ascho, 'E. H. Lascelles, and C. K. Pearson, one each. A young man named Charles Trask, for merly an employe at Humble's foundry here, and whoso parents reside in Gheringhap street, was seriously injured at Ararat on Saturday whilst working at the smithy con nected with Alessrs Overeud and Robb's new contract on the Hamilton railway line. If tho sale of booths, gates, etc, in connec tion with the forthcoming Winter Steeple chase Meeting is any guarantee of success, Saturday's receipts speak volumes in favor of the meeting. The right to cater under the grand stand and in tlie saddling paddock was purchased by Mr P. O'Toolo for £20 : the right to collect toll and cater at the new stand in the people's reserve, was bought by Mrs Deegau, of the Shamrock Hotel, for £21 10s ; the right to erect a publican's booth below the enclosure was sold to Air P. O'Toolo for £8, aud the right to collect toll at tho main gates was purchased by Air Thos. Haydon for £20 10s. The total re ceipts for these privileges amount to £70; last year the amount was £30 10s. Great reductions have been made in the charges at the gates, which will be sufficient to in duce a large number of persons to take their own private vehicles ou to the course. It will be seen by our advertising columns that cabs or waggonettes will only have to pay half-a- crown for the first entrance, and one shilling for every succeeding entrance during the day ; the prices for these vehicles last year were five shilliugs and half-a-crown respectively. The other changes are as fol lows :—Coaches or busses, drawn by four or more horses, 10s ; busses drawn by two or three horses, os ; private carriage, buggy, or other vehicle, drawn by two or more horses, 03 ; gigs, buggies, or other vehicles drawn by one horse, 2s Gd; saddle horses,. Is ; handtruck or barrow, 2s 6d; furniture vans, 03. These prices, with the exception of those for the trucks aud barrows, show a reduction of half-a-crown all round. Air Wrixou, ALP., has at last made up his mind to give an account of liis political stewardship. This he is to do at the Odd fellow's Hall, Belfast, on the 8th- July, or only three clays previous to the assembling of Parliament. Friday, the 16th Juue, Robert Dowuic, "the Haiton Hills Ghost," was brought he fore the MacarthurPoJice Court wkenheiudig nantly denied that he had dressed himself up in a sheet. He was, pending the absence of a material witness, remanded for a week. Daring the first investigation a sailor de clared that he had seen the ghost and had actually fired a double-barrelled gun, loaded with buck shot, at it. The charge passed through the ghost which then vanished, which it is highly probable a ghost would do if so peppered. The sailor tras confident it could not be a man as he was only twenty yards off it when he fired, and had it been a human being it would have dropped down dead. Tho Council of the Shire of South Barwon will bold its usual monthly meeting at three p.m. this day. > ■ • A meeting 0f the Chilwell Protection League will bo held this evening at 8 o'clock at the Sawyers' Arms. ' The master bakers of Geelong, Hewtown Chilwell, and West Geelong announce in onr advertising columns that the retail price of bread will bo 7d for the 41b loaf from to-day and until further notice. The following new schedule was filed with the Registrar of the Insolvency Court on Saturday :—Thomas Brearlev, carpenter, of Geelong. Causes of insolvency—Losses by contracts, depression in business, and illness in family. - Liabilities, £307 8s 4RI; assets, £95 2s 6d; deficiency, £212 5s JOJd. , A notification is made in the last issue of tho Government Gazette to the effect that on and after the 1st July nest, a red light will he exhibited at Portarlington between the bearings of H.S.W. and S.E. by E., so as to I clear Prince George's Bank and shoal off Point Richards. „ Tho following appeared in Saturday's Evening Poet A fearful accident reaches us from Ararat to-day, which resulted in the literal decapitation of a man named Charlie, a blacksmith in the employ of the contractors for the Ararat toHamilton rail, way. Particulars are of course meagre, hut the following are supplied from a well in. formed som;ce-At about eight o'clock this morning, the man Charlie was coming into Ararat from the direction of Hamilton, and tho ballast engine of .the contractors, Messrs Ovcrend and. Robb,' was going 0ut on the hue, while the. Government ballast engine was coming in. on a line, which for a short distance runs parallel with that on which the contractors' engine was. Charlie, seeing the contractors' engine, seems to have stepped out of its way on to the Govern, ment line without noticing the engine which was behind him, and, as our informant stated with a shudder, the engine literally cut his head off." A case of mysterious disappearance has cropped np at Majorca. The Maryborough Standard thus alludes to the matter:— " Most of our readers in that portion of tho district wiU know Mrs Beamond, the widow of a farmer who died a few years since, re siding on the bank of M'Callum's Creek jiist within the borough boundary. Mr Beamoud had amassed some money, which he left to his wife. The latter continued to reside on the promises, with an only son, who, though old enough to he a support to his mother, was rather the reverse. The two have not been on altogether the best of terms, and one thing or another Las caused Mrs Beamond to become light-headed. She was examined before the justices on that ac count, and her son charged to look after her. On Monday the couple had some words, hut nothing unusual transpired up to the time for retirement. In the morning, as nothing was seen or heard of lier, search avas made, when it was discovered that she had disappeared, and no trace could he ob tained of her whereabouts. Information was subsequently conveyed to the police, who have made diligent inquiry, but so far with out success. It is surmised that the poor creature may have committed suicide, and dragging of the creek and a thorough search among the holes will be made. Up to eight o clock last evening no tidings of the miss ing woman had been received by the Ma jorca police." The Sydney Morning Herald, under the heading " "Dangerous Gun Practice," says : —" On Monday afternoon several halls from the Vernon, lying off Cockatoo Island, struck, or passed near the residence of Mr W. G. Mathews, situated at the north-west part of Berry's Bay. One weighing lOlbs, which Mr Mathews lias in his possession, struck the post of a fence about 30 yards from the back door of the house, and tho others passed not far from that spot. It seems that the place where the hall struck is a favorite resort of children, and in proof «f this it is stated that half an hour afterwards eight or ten boys and girls wero playing where the splinters of the shattered post were lying. Had they been tiiere 'a little earlier, onr correspondent comes to the con clusion that some of them, probably, would have been killed. The Vernon is said to be anchored about a mile aiid a half or two miles away from the place. A practice so dangerous ought to be stopped at once." Glasgow papers have been received by tho mail from Mr Robert Heller, the well- known copjuror, by which we observe he is doing a remarkably good business in that town. Haidee is still with him, and "The Baib'e" says he has met with surprising success both in Edinburgh and in Glasgow. Ho mention is made of his intention to come out hero again, but it is probable he will do so, as we notice he was about to depart for the United States, and he is nearly sure to cross over hero from San Eraucisco. 