DISTRICT NEWS. Jttalby. (from our correspondent.) WEEK after week I have, forsooth, been crowded out of my usual place in your columns, _ in consequence of which I have been seriously thinking of resigning ray rauck-to-be-enviod position of " Own Corres pondent." The post is not a very lucrative one, antt, oeueve me, it is one attended with more than ordinary peril, a I each day incur more risk of having r/$ a teryo applied, with out the interposition of the cushion so kindly - suggested' by the Dalby Herald. However, in honor, I cannot give up the ghost without fulfilling ray promise of writing more folly on several matters mentioned in previous letters connected with us, the Modern Babylo nian a. Grave doubts were entertained and opinions freely expressed as to the authen ticity of my information respecting a certain P.M., a baby, an nncle, and tost, though not the least, a mother. As usual, I came in for a fair share of abuse nnd adverse criticism from my friend the Herald. I have been branded as a writer of scurrilous and un truthful productions, and in 'con6eqncnce threatened with nil sorts of pains and penal ties for having the audacity to chronicle facts. (Facts are stubborn things to contradict to a satisfaction.) It seems quite impossible to reconcile the views and opinions expressed by my venerable friend with those enter tained by "Your Own," at least not suffi ciently to ensure fraternisation for the pro motion of our mutual interest. I have.thc greatest respect and regard for troth, butmy friend with great liberality states the con trary. In my younger days, so far north as, " John o' Groats," I was taught that true liberalism is good, because it is based on troth and justice. Without negativing truth, it re cognises fbe fact that it tuay be viewed differently by different persons. Thus we look at a landscape through on ordioary glass, and declare that the moon is made of green cheese. Another person, without being aware of what he is doing, views it through a red glass, and declares that it is made of red cheese. We are bound to uphold- the truth that the troe traditional colour of the cheese of which the moon is made i green, and it would be an absurd liberality to profess to doubt the fact because of the opposite assertion, bnt so it would be an in justice not to own flrat my opponent bos a . reason for his statement, as he looks at the ye moon jt is not made of green chcete. It is \ not his fault in slating what he see? but in 3 maintaining the statement without referring jl to the testimony of ancient and trustworthy witnesses, and of his own experience, which would convince him he is nndcr a delusion. The Interesting baby case is a fac simile of the above. I viewed the matter through tho » ordinary glas3 and discovered there was a 3 great deal of green about thisP.M. — or he would never have committed such an indis cretion. My old friend looked attke "aspect" of the cose through the other gloss, and failed to discover anything green about the mother or baby, tbey played their part well and went on their way rejoicing. I was so exercised in my mind about my veracity being doubted in this case that I was about to give up my interest in JJclles-lettret and transport myself and my swag to " the dark regions of the far Barcoo," where, in sack cloth and ashes, I could do penanco for the numerous transgressions laid to ray charge ; when, taking up our thunderezof the 12th. inst., I read the following paragraph, which verifies every word I have previously re corded,—" We may inform the Dalby corres pondent that the case, which preys so heavily \ on his mind, was not worth reporting, inas-. x. much as the charge of larceny brought ' \ against the boy \lutd really no foundation, and was only a colorable excuse." Tbis is , just the very point I insisted on and hinted at, as I fail to see why tho country should have been put to the expense of bringing the youth all the way from 44 tho for west" in charge of a policc-eonstnble, on a charge which "had really no foundation, and only med 1 as a colorable exeme for the gratifica tion of any private ends, and I am astonished that the proper authorities have not had the case investigated long ere this, more particularly so as some of the court offi cials have been accused, abused and reported by tho P.M. "for divulging the secrets of tho court" in this case. I don't object to P.M s., kissing babies for their mothers' sake, or mothers for tho babies' Rake, but when thoo little pleasautrics are in dulged in at tho country's expense, I most decidedly object, the youthful culprit having been brought in company with a constable, Iter Cobb and Co., a dis'ancc of nearly 800 miles, charged with a crime which the Dolby - Herald, no doubt acting as the mouthpiece of tho P.M., rays was "only a colorable excuse," Thus you will see that tho small 11 Sullivan' . Dictionary," which originally cost tho boy's mother about one shilling, was made only a colorable excuse to raddle the colony with a cost of some £19. J am informed on tho best ' authority that step are being taken to restore tke biy to his employer, nnd this will doubt less hasten tho investigation tho Government is so dilatory in making. You will be glnd to hear that tny gallant friend Colonel Borabas, late 44 Hampshire Yeomanry," is at last in lore, a it will euro him at least of the spleen, which ha a bad effect on'both man nnd woman. A duleinra in tbe head always harmonise the soul anil soften the intellect, imparling an air of serenity ami peace to ones presence. Under this benign influence hi person isntonco, elegant and manly, and hi understanding highly cultivated. Though hi spirit is lofty, bis heart is kind, nnd hismanncr so engaging a to command veneration niul love even from »V ice and indifference. When Iwcighmy own character with his, I am ashamed to find myself so light in the balance, but the com parison excites no envy. I proposo liiui as a model for imitation. I havo en- ; denvoured to recommend myself to hi friendship, and hope ere long to fiiid a place - in his affections. I am, however, morti fied to reflect what flagrant injustices we orcry day commit, nnd what absurd judps mcnt wo form in viewing objects through tho falsifying medium of prejudice passion. August I9th, 1876. 