IN THI-E BARBER'S SHOP By FIGARIO. " I have getherel a pcesio of other mene's flowers, and ,othing but the thread that binds themi is mine OWI."-MONTAIONE. I AM recovering rapidly, thank you. The mental and bodily condition of dilapida tion in which last week's election placed mie, is fast giving way to my normal con dition of healthy jollity. If, however, " Figaro's" not quite " himself again" this week, but shows signs that he is still " suf fering a recovery," I amnsure you will make every allowance for him that he could pos sibly desire. Some of my St. Kilda customers--and they are numerous enough to render me anxious to retain them and their good opinion-have.slightly grumbled that my last week's posie contained too many flowers of one sort; that, in fact, it was devoted almost whliolly to Prahran election doings. Well, I admit it; but then whoso was the fault? Am I to blame if St. Kilda -Was so satisfied with its municipal repre sentatives that it couldn't, or wouldn't, goet up even the ghost of an opposition ? Had it done so, I should have boon " bobbing round" to pick up flowers, you bet; but as it chose to be so respectably quiet, isn't it jdst a little hard on this poor Barber to censure him for using what came to hand ? However, I'll promise that wvhenever St -Kilda .gets up an exciting contest, and Prahran is dull, my customes at the former place shall have a whole inosegay to them selves. I cannot promise fairer than that, can I? And you know I always keep cmy word-it's my "bond." Ithas been more than whispered to me that tile number of candidates at the late municipal election in Prahran .would have been enc instead nine, but for a reason which I most heartily applaud. It was urnoured that a certain gentleman wo6uld be asked to stand, and the movers in the affair felt very hopeful that he would coid sent. But no sooner did this get wind, tha.n a whole host of the genus loafer-in the shape of hungry cormorants wanting billets as agents, canvassers;and so fotli-l swooped down upon him, and so disgusted him by their rapacious clamouring that ihe positively refused to allow himself to be put in nomination. As I havejust inti mated, I applaud the gentleman in question for disappointing this hungry crew; but would he not have done wiser to stand and defy them? HalId he bmployed them, they could have done very little to help him in; nothing to keep him out hadhe defied them. See how Mr VWaymouth succeded without such aid-without. even it cab, I believe and I should saythat a £10 note would more than cover all his expenses. Now that the municipal elections are over, attention will begin to turn towards the general eleetion, which, at the furthest, is not many months' distant. I expect that that time will be one of great excite ment. The signs are plenty that this will be the case. Already the freetraders are making a move to consolidate their forces -a task which seems to me as hopeless as that of Sisyphus-and to spread broad?list over the land the bases of their faith. On the other hand, the friends of prdtection are not.idle; and as they always exhibit the excellent policy of sinking minor dif ferences, and acting in concert, I shall ex pect to see them come into the field with increased force. It is altogether too soon to express an opinion as to what the result will be, but I should. not be unwilling to take a long shot that the protectionist element will be quite as strong in thie next Parliament as it is in the present one. My friend Lapstone assures me that in this district they mean not only to extinguish the "Extinguisher," but to send in Mr. Dixon at the head of the poll, with a sympathising mate a good second. But Lapstone's feelings are apt to run away with his judgment, and so I take anything he says with a good stiff grain of salt. OQi the other hand, Holdfast has assured me that his party mean to retrieve their partial defeat at the last election, and not only to return Mr. Smith.with bigger figures than ever, but to give him a mate after his own heart. To all whichprognostications I say, "Time is the great solver;" and so in his hands I-leave the matter-at any rate, for the present. Melbourne seems to be unfortunate iu that it cannot get a reasonably decent man to act as the law's stern executioner.: But that it is not well to speak evil of the dead, I could indulge in some very strong denun ciations of the utter moral worthlessness of " old Bamford." -his successor seems to be cast in the same mouldof disreputableness. After a late floging bout, he went on a drunken spree, and behaved lhimself i so disorderly a manner that the Brunswiclk magistrates infli'eted fines on him amount ing to £18. But I see hse managed to pay the money in time to wield the cat again in the Melbourne gaol last Saturday. Now it occurs to me to ask whether there is any reason why our hang-and-cat-man should be such disreputable wretches ? The office is one, I am well aware, which few men would like to fill, yet I cannot but think better than those we do employ could, be found. A drunken goaler, or turnkey, or policeman would not be tolerated-why, then, should a drunken hangman ? Clearly, I think the authorities ought to take some steps to supersede Gately. I don't know what the present hangman of London may be, but Calcraft was certainly a respectable, well-behaved man. And though he never obtruded his office on your notice, yet, if you could get him to talk about it, you found his view was that it was as equally incumbent on him to behave decently as it was for the judge -who sentenced the criminal, or the sheriffs for whom he (Cal craft) was, after all, only a deputy. The old gentleman, I happen to know, looked upon his office as of equal importance with that of any other administrator of the law, and prided himself upon never discrediting it by disreputable conduct.. I wish, so long as we must have haugmen, we could find one in Melbourne who would follow Cal crafr's example; as it is, -I cannot help feeling that the "moral lesson" .of the gallows is necessarily lessened when we know: what dissipated .characters our exe cutioners are. '. I amr sorry to have to note the death-ol Mrs. Alfrel Phillips, the well - known actress, who expired at her residence in Carlton on Saturday last. I never had the pleasure of seeing Mrs. Phillips perform in this colony, but I can readily believe all the handsome eulogies I have heard and read of her acting, from my recollections of whiat she was some 30 years ago or so, when a menmber of the London Olympic company under the management of the elder Farren. I at that time saw her in many characters, but the one that stands out most vividly in my remembrance is that of Audrey in Shakspcearo's "As You Like It." I have seen many Audreys in my time, but never one that I thought at all comparable to this lady's. If my memory serves me frithfully, little Scharf, a low comedian of wonderful humour, was the Touchstone; and I can slhut my eyes at this long di'stancoe of time and again see thie pair doing their pleasant fooling. There is precious little of thie act. ing (?) of thle present degenerate day that will, I fancy, bear that test when the time shall come for applying it. I don't pre tend to pry into the reasons why the de ceased lady has been so little before the public of late years; but I felt I could not do less than thus express my sorrow for tIhe death of one who, when in her prine, afforded me so much pure and legitimate amnusemnet. There are, no question, degrees in crime as well as in virtue. Let me illustrate this. A famishing wvretch who steals a loaf to appease the pangs of hunger, undoubtedly commits a crime; but few of us, I thinlk, would censure him very severely. Then, again, "bold 1ohbin Hood, the forester good," who used to rob the rich and give to the poor, was unquestionably a thief but you and 1, try as we may, can't help having a sort of sneaking regard for the "bold outlaw." But there are thieves for whom I could almost say" hanging is too good." Here is a specimen of qne of the class: In the Answers to Correspondents in the last number of "The Australian Journal" I find this-" The discontinuance of Timr Pippin's Adventures in Silverland is ovwing to the discovery that we had been inadvertently infringing the authlor's copy right; the tale hIaving been sent to us in manuseript, by a correspondenst, as an original contribution. We regret the dis appointment to our readers; but all right minded persons, we think, will agree with us that,-under the circumstances, the course adopted by us was the proper one." And as a " right- minded person" I say lhe editor did quite right; only he should have gbne a step further, and published the name of the impudent thief--for such he was- who tnus imposed upou him. -I put, some of my customers in quite a good humour on Saturday evening. They had been deploring with lengthened visages and in the most lachrymose tones the re turn of two loan men to the Prahran Coun cil. This, they said, gave the loanites a mrjority, and we should. soon be encum bered with a debt which would be as un welcome a burden as the old man of the sea was to Sinbad. But when I told them that by the Local Government Act 20 rate payers could demand a poll on the subject, they seemed to breathe a little more freely. Still it, was evident this did not give them complete comfort. They couldn't help letting it be seen that they feared a poll might go against them. But when I fur ther enlightened them as to the fact that a loan could not be incurrod if one-third of the ratepayers voted against it, their eyes brightened up with joy, and their phyzogs resumed a normal appearance. They had been unaware of that provision in the act; and so were many others-I amongst them -until quite recently. Knowing it now, I must confess that.the chances of getting a loan sanctioned in Prahran have fallen many degrees. I may say, however, that I fail to see the justice of this one- third veto. But it's the law, and so we must submit to it. I am most happy to learn, even though it be only on the authority of Mr. G. P. Smith-a politician of whom, by the way, I never was much enamoured-that there is sufficient grace in Mr Berry to prompt him to thlankl God for asiything. Mr Smith asserts that recently Mr Berry did piously ejaculate that he was thanktful there was not in his (Mr Berry's) Ministry a single squatter, merchant, or banker. But the sincerity of Mr Berry's thanklfulness is greatly to be questioned when it is borne in mind that he invited Sir James M'Cul loch-who combines in hIis own proper person those three highly obnoxious classes -to join him. "Those grapes are sour," said the fox, after vainly. trying to get at them. Which seems to me very much akin to Mr Berry's dislike to squatters,; bankers, and merchants. They are" sour" because they wouldn't dance to his piping; if they hand but vicariously done so, in the person of either Sir James or Mr Macpher son, Oh how " sweet" they would have been ! 'l'Three persona, suffering from accidental injuries, w?jre admtitted to the Alfred HIos pital on Wednesday. Janet Mhrshall, at Prahran, was seized with a fit, and fell down on the kerbstone, susetaining severe abrasions of thie face and forehead. Albert Lee was brought in a'ihb:a broken arm, caused by the kick .p(a hoirse; and Georgi Lindsiy was admitted suffering from an-injured fooi, throtigh which he had accidentally driven a -'Tie action Smithi-v. Robertson wnas tried insthe Supreme Court on Fridly and Si,?lu dy of -ist'. week bhefore HHis Honor MAr. Justicb Sephen b ind a piecial jilly; :fo.iU,l Mr. Macdontld :'appearingo for thoe piijiff, arnid Mr. Fisher ,for the defendant: ise action was broughi by Mr A. B. Siiblnd igent, against-Mr J. Robertsoe~yleru; dama~ es for slander arid for ass.Aft e l'bes ainder complained of was thac tb.?! telai ndant had said of the plaintiff thiatb ' irea thief, that he had robbed Mi. Blair, limiimroihnit, and that the next iperson he -would rtb would. be si Mr. Woqds, by whom he had: bee~ntengaged in connection with thiesale ofia.public?house at Prehran. It was also alleged 'for?*the plaintiff that at the titume the:defeidan;eriade use of the languaasge comllaineof he str?iiic' the plaintiff. The jury g??e plaintiff a-fer ilict with 40s. damages efor ti·h slaander, and £25, for the. assault. 