To (te Etilor qt Ire Jisers' Aldvocate. Sfn,-In your issue of Wednesday last, a correspondent signing himself " Keen Ub server" made a faw remarks respecting the manner in which he was scared by a ghost between Dark Cre k, and the Wallsond cemetery. Now, Sir, I was neir a believer in ghoa's, but, ini oming from Lambton the other night, and after passing the now tunnel bridge, the remarks made by "Keen Observer" flished across my mind, and I commenced reasoning with myself whether his statements were Itrue'or not; and, after weighing all thie surrounding circumstances, I congratulated myself upon having arrived at a correct conclusion, viz., that " Observer" mu't have been the worse for liquor at the time. and that what he saw was merely the wild ravings of a fanciful imaginati..n.. Congratu IJating myself upon my power. of reasoning, I comnmenced to whistla, "Jack's the lad," as an evidcnco of victory over what I thought auporstition But, Sir, there was not mush time given me to glory in my self-conceit, for, on rising the hill near the cemetery, I beheld a sight which drove the merry tune from my 4oughts, and.made' my hair stend on end with fear and trembling. Mly first idea was to retrace my steps to whence I cime Anotiher idea was to make a short cut througl, thle lushr, and, whilst thus reasoning, weas ·omewhat surpr:ised to hear a timorous voice call out, " be not atraid, we mean youell Ilo I:rnl." .O loaking up to sco from whence thie voice c;lme, I found to my tamlizelllnt that I wars sarrunded by a congregation who had just let the cemetery. 'lo judge from appearance, their ages seemed to vary from the infant child to the hoary-headed sage. Each and all had some complaint to make ot the treatment they had received, but my rttention was specially attracted by the complaints of a little child, and I think I could not do better tilan repent what was said in the little thing's own words :·-" My father and mother" (pitiful:y began the little one) " lived at a neighbouring colliery, somue years ago. Fever was very rife at the time; I was attacoked with the disease and succumubed to its deadly efflects. A ktind neighbour provided a cotlin for me free of charge, and as my parents were too destitute to pay for a convey ance to convey my remains to Wallsend, they carried me thelmselves. Upon arriving at the gate, the sexton was in attendance to do his duty, blat to the horror and dismay of all I was refused admittance by tile secretary unless the groundl fee of 6s 6d was first paid. Father pleaded poverty and a sick family, lut all to no purpose,-Shylook-lilce tile money or pound of flesh must be paid. The constable was appealed to, but had no power tointerfero. At last goodtl Samaritans were found mn the two Mr. Harris's and constable Leonard, who went from door to door soliciting donations, so as to assist my poor parents, whilst I was left lying on the ground for three hours,-and might have been there much longer but for the spirit of charity displayed by the gentlemen wen tioned. At last I was buried, and so relieved ny parents of part of their grief. But no thanks to those who have the management of the cemetery." "' But surely," said I, "the money thus collected was given to buy bread for your starving brotheri and sisters at home?" " No," replied the little one, " the man who is now trying to be an alderman demanded tihe Os Gd to the last farthing, and, had it not been paid, I must have lain on the surface for all hie caredl." I assured the little one that I had nothing to do with the matter, and tlhat I believed the affairs of thie cemetery were better imanaged now. This statement appeared to meet with unialimous disapproval, as the whole of the assembled spirits joined in chorus in exolaim ing " Tliimgs are just as they were, and are likely to continue unless the matter is taking out of the hands of private individuals and placed in the hands of the representatives of the people. The public would then have a chance of knowing how accounts stood without beiig snubbed when they asked for them; and, as many of the living aire sure to lind Wallsend tlhecir last resting place, I hope no per son will be put in as aldermen unless they will advocate the cemetery becoming the property of the Council." After this dleclaration tlme spirits vanished, and I. was left alone to meditate upon what I lhad beard, and recommend the same for the consideration of the public. Yours truly, ANOTHER OBSEIVER. Wallsend, 29th January, 1h76, 