THE MERCURY. MONDAY MOBNIXG, MARCH SO, 1S7G. THE people of Tasmania have at present sub ,imtt-ed to them for solution what should be a very simple question, but which,lmving been subjected to much special pleading, and dealt with on one side at least as a tempting subject for smart practice, threatens to become a very complicated dispute, and to «fiord no end of employment 'for the lawyers. It is neither moro nor less than this : Is tile Slain Line Haihvay now open for traffic under the contract, or is it not / Tho local Manager of the Company applies his own interpretation to the contract, and though it is at variance with what he has previously com- mitted himself to, and directly contradictory of the Company's reading of the contract when the directors issued their prospectus inviting appli- cations for shares, the Manager insists on tho Government of this Colony-the other party .to the contract, and conditionally liable in a certain annual subsidy in name of interest on the cost of construction-accepting his present interpre- tation of the * contract, in which ho says ho is borne out by the opinions of the most eminent English and colonial barristers. As wo have among out selves some who lay claim to many years' experience at the bars of the Courts in England, Mr. GRANT'S statement in this last, respect may be true without impressing us with an overwhelming sense of the legal position ho takes up, or necessarily committing the directors to that abandonment of their original meaning and obligations to be inferred in their having sought tho opinion of gentlemen learned in tho law. However, it is not what lawyers say-and what they say so much dopends on the case sub- mitted to thom-as what aro the facts, that wo caro to consider. The liistoiy of the inception of the Company ; the completion of tho con- tract ; how it has beon carried out ; and tho origin of tho present-tho latest of a series of difficulties raised on the part of the Company, were given in two articles published in 27te ' Mercury last week and reprinted to-day in our other sheet. It is not necessary, therefore, that we should here touch on moro of the ground there travelled over than is necessary to our making intelligible tho singular issue which tho Manager of the Company seeks to rniso. Suftico it to say that under the contract tho Company had tho option of making a lino direct from Hobart Town, tho southern port, to Laun- ceston, the chief northern port of tho Island ; or, subject to ccitain provisions as to run- ning powers, to tap tho line of railway connecting Launceston with the Western portion of tho colony, and this at any point tho Main Line Company might find most eligible. The Company elected the latter and fixed their junc- tion with the Launceston and Western Railway at a point near Evandale and now called the Evandnlo junction, a little moro than olevon miles from Launceston, The Main Line Rail- way gauge is 3 feet C inches j that pf the Laun- ceston and Western Railway 5 feet 3 inches. The Company had accordingly a third rail laid down over the latter line from t)io Evandale junction to Launceston, where, after no end of négociation and difficulty, tho Company obtained a site for a station, a portion of the buildings of which havo been erected. In nil tin's the Com- pany, it may Btirely bo argued, acknowledged that their obligations to connect Hobart Town and Launceston by rail imposed on them tho duty of running their own trains over the Launceston and Western Lino, and tlut the words in tho schedule to the contract, signed as forming part of the contract, '"the terminal station at Launceston," had a "local signifi- cation ",08 wcU as a name. But, says "the Manager of the' Main Line Railway, nothing could bo further from the fact, or tho intention of the Company who regarded the option to linvo n distinct line of its own all the way to Launceston as meaning a useless waste of capital, and the permission to join tho Launceston and Wes toni. Railway and to run trains on. it as merely optional. Nay moro. So keen are the analyti- cal powers of tho Manager in reading the con- tract that he finds in tho powors optional to the! Company two degrees of obligation. It is admitted that if tho Company.does not construct, a soparato line, it must touch the Wostern Line somewhero ; but having dono that it is assorted it need do no moro, as it rests with the Company (to say whether it will run trains to and from¡ Launceston or stop short at the Evandale junction ; and having elected tho latter, pas- sengers and goods may find tlioir way from Launceston to tho junction, and vice versa, as they best in<vy, the Company not oyen guaran-, teoing that its trains ahaji connect with those, of tho Western Railway. Such is tho extraordinary positipn now taken up on tho part of tho Main Line Railway! Company ; and tho period for the construction pf| the lmo having expired last woek, and it bejng nocessaiy that the Company shall do certain, tram service if it wouldsocuio tho conditionally guaranteed subsidy, tho Manager has coolly bubmittud to Government a timo tablo for trains between Hobart Town nnd Evandale junction with a proposition that Govern- ment accept this as .1 full compliance on tho part of tho Company with tho obligations im- posed on it iindor tho contract. Government refuso to recognise tho train sorvico as that ini posod under t]io contract, and the Manager raisos twocollator.il issues-(1) Through damage done to the line by Hoods about the beginning of this year, repairs were, it is said, required, which, occupying as they did, six weeks, should retard the contract time for opening the line for that period. (2) Even if the Company consent to run trains between Launceston and the junction, it is prohibited from exercising its optional powers by the high price asked for leave lo exercise its optional powers. Were there a sincere desire on tho part of the Company to honestly fulfil ita obligations, these obstacles would never have been raised. Tho Manager of the Railway Company cannot have forgotten that he com | plained of tho reports as to the damage by floods to tho line as being almost unfounded, and in- vented to injure the value of the Company's property ; and it was emphatically and authori- tatively asserted that tho damage had been remedied in twenty-four hours. Besides, Government have never refused, if any deten- tion in opening the line can be justified on grounds over ?which the Company had no control, to give weight to such reasons under a proper application for delay. Tho alleged extortionate demand on the Company for the exercise of its running powers over the Launceston and Western Line is a mere pretext, raised in the hope of, by accumulation of difficulties, effecting a compromise and re- duction in the contract rate of speed. In -a letter which the Manager addressed to the Editor of 27ic Mercury, ho said the Com- pany were willing to run trains to and from Launceston for a year, and then to submit to arbitration, as provided for in the contract, tho sum to< be paid as tolls and customs for running over tho eleven miles of tho Western Line, and that a majority of the Ministers had admitted to him that this was a reasonable proposal. Passing over "the improbability of the responsible advisers of His EXCELLENCY discussing in private with Mr. GRANT what is the subject of deliberation in the Cabinet, and the assurance we have, but did not require, that the Ministers of the Crown have not so far forgotten themselves, we fail to seo why, even if the terms of the contract did not render arbitration a necessary antecedent to the exercise of running powers, the arbitrators ' should not be appoiuted now as well as twelve months hence. It appears that the principle as well as the amount to be paid by . the Company is in dispute, and therefore it would bo well to settle tho principle at any rate at once. It must bo borne in mind that the Government aro, merely the statutory repre- sentatives of the Colony, and that while one set of Acts of Parliament define what is thus required of them, other Acts of Parliament prescribe that respect be had to the contingent rights of the shareholders of the Launceston and Western Line, to whom the Government now stand in something liko the relation of mortgagees. At a previous period in the history of tho Main Line Company the preliminaries for an arbitration were concluded, and the aibi trators named and on the point of commencing their operations, when the Manager, who had under various pretexts put off signing the deed of arbitration, finally declined unless a clause was added binding the Government to abide by the award, but leaving it optional to tho Com- pany to repudiate it if the award fixed a higher sum than ho considered adequate. Mr. GRANT has a great penchant for optional powers with everything in his own favour, and if Government would prove as yielding as ho is exacting, wo have no doubt matters would go on most harmo- niously. . But whether to the advantage of tho Colony would be another question ; and in order that consideration of what is due to the public interest should not receive too much attention, a most unseemly threat has been held out on 'behalf of the Company-we acquit Mr. GRANT of any participation in anything -so unbe- coming - that should the Company bo de- feated in the Colonial Courts, it will drag the Government through every competent Court of Appeal. It is satisfactory, in the face of so much that is understood to the contrary, to know that the Company have such command of money that it can indulge unlimitedly in the luMiry of law. The belief that the Company is a myth, and sympathy for the bondholders who have been induced to part with their money under what, we fear, wo must call intention- ally misleading representation as to the Colony's guarantee, need not longer disturb Government. No leniency need be extended to the Company because of its assumed comparative inipecu niosity. Whatever other charge may be brought against our Government, it cannot be said that the strong aro seeking to oppress the weak, if wo are to believe the indiscreet railway partizans who give utterance to such nonsense. Govern- ment, we know, are moBt desirous to avoid litigation ; not that they have any fear of the I soundness of any position thoy havo taken up, ' but that they would avoid, if posgible, what- ever would reduco the value of tho security those hold who somewhat confidingly entrusted their money to the Company. IT may be but a coincidence, but, if so, it is a singular circumstance that, as the difficulties between the Government and tho Main Line Rail- way Company seem to thicken, we havo an ever increasing and more highly-coloured budget of rumours of Ministerial dissensions, and of pri- vate circumstances requiring a reconstruction of the Cabinet ; and that such rumours can bo, in every instance, traced to sources that are iden- tified with the interests of the Main Lino Rail- way Company as against those of the Colony. Wo shall not bo guilty of so far oountonnnohu; the bad tasto that has found it necessary to resort to such a means to an end, as to even deny assertions palpably entitled to no respect. '. But it would bo affectation to pass thus over some of the tactics resorted to in the interest of tho Main Line Railway Company, tho advocates of which, while flattering themselves they are effecting their purposo, aro effectually withdrawing all sympathy, and warning tho public against the machinations of the Company. Disguise it as Mr. GRANT may, and whatover other pretended issues that gentleman ns manager hero for the Company may raise, the real difficulty of which j the Company wish to got rid, is that stipulation in tho contract which says that the Company Bhall daily run at least one train oach way at a speed of not less than 23 miles an hour, including stoppages and detentions. Could Government consent to reduce that speed all other difficulties would disappear as if by a magician's wand. But because tho Government realise the cogency of their statutory obligations, Mr. GRANT seeks to sow distiust and dissension among thom by publicly stating that while the Government aro collectively pursuing one course, a majority of Ministers have told him that they individually dissent from the action of Government and nppróvo of the propositions lie lias madd. This we aro asked to believe, despite tho fact that tho best interests of tile Colony would thoieby be betrayed. And as one Ministor, the COLONIAL SKCRETABY and head of the depart- ment that iscntrusted with carrying out thepolicy of Government, is considered specially inflexible, and not to bo turned from his duty to tho public by'tho blandishments or threats of the Manager of the Company, it is felt indispensable to the success of tho Company's schemes that the COLONIAL SECRETARY bp got quit of ; and hero others step in to do the' dirty work from winch Mr. GRANÏ as a gentleman must shrink. The COLONLAL SECRETARY ja represented as about to resign ¡ his successor is even named, and all tho consequent details aro given with a refreshing circumstantiality, over which, however, comes the doubt : Are the bitterest . opponents of | Ministers ; the most factious of political parties, likely to bo those to whom Government would entrust its secrets 1 We caro not to further follow out a subject tim purport and machinery of which aro so transparent. We prefor to como back to tho real root of tho difficulty, the origo mall-the contract speed of 23 milos an hour, reforonco to which is continually cropping up in-Mr. GRANT'S correspondence no matter what the ostensible purpose of his writing.; iMr. GRANT speuks, of the contract ralo of tiavelling as "an unprecedented speed on a 3ft. Oin. gaugo." Wo might ask when did this fact dawn on tho Company nnd on him as their engineer ? The Government did not seek thom. It simply'made' known what'it required, and what quid pro quo it would give.1 The Company responded, and, the 'contract minimum spoed of i 23 miles an hour being the indispensable con- dition on which the Colony _ would pay interest, on the cost of construction, the Company accepted the Government proposals, and agreed' ! to construct a ,11110 on which trains could run I with safety the required spoed. Tho quostion of tho spoed being unprecedented-whatevori woight maybe attached to it-must have occurred to tho Company fceforo it entered on tho contraot, nnd to tho Engineer ore he undertook to construct tho line ; and if tho Company and the Enginoor have nuulo a mistake, ia that any reason why the' Colony should suffer, or tho Company profit by its ow>i orrpr } TJ10 Company and its Engjueer must havo satisfied themselves that, whether iwpiccedfcuted t or not, the speed could be attained and . maintained, othcrwiso thoy stand conviotcd of having diliberately under- taken an iinppssibility in the hope of bping j able somehow to, wrjgglo out of any dif- ficulty, and to come out the profiters. I But we aro not loft to think no badly1 of the contracting Company, nor so poorly of its engi- neering skill. The Engiueer- in-chief, and now manager, has shown by running trains at it during the past month and 'over, the most difficult parts of the route, that the contract speed is not, as we ore indirectly asked to beliovo, a physical impossibility ; and that, whether unprecedented or not, a minimum speed of 23 miles an hour is an accomplished fact. But, says Mí\ GRANT, it cannot bo maintained with- out such wear and tear as would keep the lino in a constant state of reconstruction, or, as some of his paid advocates say, the speed will murder the line. We do not doubt either assertion. Wo believe that neither Mr. GRANT nor his friends have exaggerated the difficulty and danger of the contract speed. But what is tho conclusion at which Mr. GRANT enables US to arrive 1 In the first place, it is that the question of gauge is not inseparable from that of speed ; that 23 miles an hour can be maintained as easily and safely on a 3ft. Gin. 'as on a 5ft. 3in., or any other, gauge. Why, then, cannot it be maintained on the Tasmanian Main Line Railway 1 The reason is not far to seefc. The gradients .are unneces- sarily and dangerously steep; the curves un , necessarily and dangerously sharp ; and even where these objections do not hold, the line is too flimsily constructed ; it is not properly and sufficiently ballasted ; and the rails are absurdly light for the speed and traffic, while the rolling stock is not adapted to the requirements of such a line. It is not a question of precedent or possibility. It is simply one of cost. Whether , tho Company miscalculated in making their original tender, or thought to palm off an inferior article and secure the price of a good one, is not for us to say. It is sufficient that they undertook an obligation, and that it is possible. It is for the Company to carry it out ; and the directors will better expend their money in so remodelling the line as to comply with tho terms of the contract, than in running the gamut of the courts of law. THE sitting of the Synod of the Anglican Church during the past month deserves, as the court of supreme judicature in the Colony in connection with that Cm;rch, that in our Summary for England wo shotted, repeat some of the comments we have made on the proceedings of the Synod ; and as the basis of these remarks we publish in our other sheet a pretty full condensation of tho BISHOP'S opening and closing addresses. Thero were, of course, many matters touched on by tho BISHOP and dealt with by the Synod unsuitable for the columns of the daily Press. There is necessarily, on the other hand, much that demands an expression of public opinion ; and it is with no little satisfaction, considering how very brief a space has elapsed since wo had to use the words of almost continued censure, that we can say that the proceedings were on tho whole of so satisfactory a cliaracter as to warrant the congratulations of the BISHOP. Thero waa a total absence of acrimonious or unseemly debate. A common purpose-the good of their Church seemed to actuate all. But the BISHOP was too sensitive in regard to the large share of the time of the Synod taken up with secular matters. " Some might think," he said, " that the work of the Synod had partaken too much of a secular character." This is au objection to which tho Synod has more than once given grounds, but, as we said when first writing on tho proceedings of the Synod, we hardly think that on the present occasion Jthere has been moro prone ness to secular matters than was absolutely necessary. To ,gentlemen, like the BISHOP, brought up in the bosom of an established church, where each labourer, if he could content himself with the stipend and maintain his family on .it, was left in no doubt as to the source or amount of his annual emoluments, it may look something like sacrilege for the Church to be continually reminding its adherents that " the 'laboureris worthy of his hire. " But they must not forget the altered circumstances ¡n which they are placed. The Church of England,as much as the JSTonconformist,isa voluntary churchill Tasmania. « It is, therefore, right and proper that itshould not bo above the consideration of such secular ques- tions as are not alono necessary to the subsist- ence of the clergy, but involve that active principle of lay co-operation and help, which is, if not the life, a strong symptom of life in the Church. The BISHOP and Synod need, there- fore, fear no condemnation of those engaged in " increasing the financial powers of the Church" so long as the question of Church emolumont is not made the summum bonum. That is not the objection to which the Synod exposes its pro- ceedings when it rests contented, as if it had made some great effort, in a maximum allowanco to clergymen of £200 to £250 per annum, and wasted half the time of, its sitting in deliberat- ing whether that sum should, or should not, be reduced, as the price of increasing the number of parishes and pastors. It was admitted on all, hands that tho Church of England in th.« Colony is not progress- ing. No new cnre3 havo been established for sonic! time, and at this moment there are now vacant, about as many country churches, in which till recently ordinances were regu- larly administered, as there are pulpits statedly filled. This is not creditable to the Church ; and yet we question whether it would not be more judicious not to attempt filling these vacancies, than to supply clergymen to them by cutting down the miserable pittauco of £200 a-year now enjoyed by tho clergymen of the Church. But is there any occasion for such an alternativo ¡ Certainly not. And, to avoid it, the BISHOP, instead of deprecating an appear- ance of secularity in the proceedings of the Church Court, would do .well to increase it. The lay element in the lost Synod was no doubt gratifying in so far as the status of the members, and their ability to aid in itß deliberations, wore concerned. But tho gontle men present were only the representatives of one class, and, however able and willing themselves, scat eely the mon, as a whole, to laboriously work np the generosity of their, , fellow parishioners. To be a financial success, the laity should bo encouraged to moro numerously take part in the proceedings of the Synod. Wo use the words/'financial success" in no ofl'ensivo signification. We simply mean that funds are ns essontial a portion of the economy of a Church tja they.aru of any secular undertaking ; and that while the clergy cannot rely with any certainty on their present inadequate incomes being maintained, the Church will not draw into its ministry the talent and ability necossary to sustain tho attendance of the pooplo at its services. A clergy- man muBt livo, and, to be useful, must be respected, which ho cannot be if his allow- anco does not exceed that of a third class mercantile assistant. Several of tho clergy aro in this unfortunate position already, and all will be so if the establishment of further urgently demanded cures can only bo attained by curtailing the presont inadequate maximum. Wo go so far with the BISHOP in his terror of too great a secular tendency in tho Synod proceeding«, as to say that this is a question which the clergy should be exempt from dis- cussing, An ill-paid clergy ii a stigma on the laity, as it'is a'onjolty tp the piercy of a church. Therefore it is specialiy"tho 'province of thp laity toraiso the requisite funds, and wo cannot help thinking their co-operation might bo moro largely seem ed than at present ; and as much through their means as those of the clergy, the numerous Tasmanian natives, members of the Church of England resident in other Colonies, might bo apponlod to for help with overy pros- pect of success. ' . ' ! The question of a Bishop's residence also engaged the attontion of the Synod. There can J)o ¡io question that tho want of a residence for the Bishop, specially his own during his incum- bency, is felt as something like a roprpach to the diocese. Thore has boen throughout the Colony a geneial recognition, on tho part of all denomi- nations, of the duty of providing residences for their plorgy ; and why the Church i>f England should haye allowed a different rule to prevail with regard to its Bishop, is one of those anomalies that, perhaps, only require to ho pointed out to bo remedied. That diocese can hardly bo considered of such importance as to rcquiio constitution under ft Bishop, that is not prepared, as an indispensable preliminary, to provide an episcopato residence. In the early erection of Tasmania into a diocoso, this pre- liminary was neglected, and the oversight cannot "bo too soon romedied. If there woro a proper spirit abroad among the members of tho Church, soino means would bo» found of providing a suitablo homo for the use of its hoad. Any scheme for this purpose should bo kept distinct from every other effort on the part of the members, and it should not recogniso, as was suggested by tho BIMIOP, any arrangement with him or any other person under winch ho, or any individual, in considera- tion of a cash advance, would «have a personal claim on the building, which should bo tho Church proporty freo and unfettered. The proposition for a Synod Hall had to bo argued under the guiso of providing better Sunday School ^ccouvmqthitjgn, and this indirect moans of cooking un aim hardly acknowledged led to tiie proposition being submitted io the Synod under conditions not likely to command ! tho sympathies of the people. Accordingly the motion that'came from one of the Churchwardens asking power, which the Synod could not give, to sell a portion ' of the old Cemetery which has never been used for burial purposes, was received in the Synod with something like a shock. Men's feelings revolted, and thcro was something like a senso of relief and of escape from a dilemma when Mr. ADAMS, the Church Advocate, told the Synod that it had not the power to do what was proposed. Li the discussion the reverend incumbent of St. David's urged the Bale of the useless cemetery ground for a more convenient site for a Sunday school on grounds that laid so much stress on stones and mortar, andso little on efforts of the teachers or the efficacy of the Spirit-an argument which we doubt not ho has since seen cause to regret as sincerely as every calm reflecting mind condemned it, that it is, wo believe, useless to persue iho subject further. We scarcely expect to hear in our day a repetition of the proposition to make merchandise of what in many Christian, countries is significantly spoken of as {fr God's Acre." CITY COUNCIL. - The following business will be brought on at the meeting this afternoon. Reports from the various Committees, as follows, viz. : Public Works :'On petition from ratepayers in Park street on condition of Domain rivulet ; on petition from house and freeholders in Mona-street and Marine Terrace for repairs there ; on application from Messrs. Walch for repairs and alteration of the flagging and kerbing in front of their new building, near Wellington Bridge ; on representation of Mr. T. W. Westbrook, relative to an alleged street, called Derwent-street, or road ; on application of Mr. Henry Cook to erect a bridge over the side channel at Lord's Buildings under the by-law. Finance : On application of Michael Bradley for an increase of wages. Waterworks : On application of Director of Waterworks for forage allowance, or increase of salary ; on recommendation of ditto, that [ the adding of certain branches of tho Plains Rivulet . to the existing supply be for the present abandoned, and that the use of meters be introduced. Lighting : j On request of the Mayor of Launceston for tho Hobart Town Corporation to unite with that. of ¡ Launceston in application -to the Legislature for powers to purchase or erect gasworks. Orders of tho Day : Consideration of report of Lighting Com- mittee (designated No. 2) on petition relating to tho gas supply ; consideration of report No. 1 on the same subject/which, by a resolution of the Council on the 4th January last, was ordered to bo post- poned for two months, and ordered at the last meeting to stand over until, this, and'bo »considered with the preceding ; consideration of applications for the situation of messenger ; ditto ditto female searcher... '. ' CITV POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. Tarleton, George Smart, a ' seaman, pleaded "Guilty" to a charge of refusing to join his ship, the barque India. Captain Fisher, who laid theinformation, said he did not wish to deal ' hardly with the prisoner ; and on the latter promis- ing to join his ship at once, and pay tho loss he had caused the owners of the barque, ho was discharged. There'was no other business before the court. .THE CITY FOOMALL CLUB.-On Saturday even- ing, at the Bird-in-hand, Argyle- street, a meeting was held for the purpose of re-organising the City Football Club, which was attended by 22 gentle- men, the majority of whom had been members'of the club last season. After the usual preliminaries had been disposed of, the election of oliiccrs and a committee of general management for the ensuing year were proceeded with ; Mr. C, Pike being np -pointed captain, pro tem., Mr. Watchorn, treasurer and secretary combined, while Messrs. S. Kirby, C. Pitfield, W. Finlay, It. Young, and A. H. Hanna- ford were selected for the office of committee-men. It was decided to have the first match early in April. CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION.-An evening meeting in connection with the Congre- gational Union and Mission will bo held at half-past 7 o'clock, at Davey-street Church, when the president will deliver his address. A similar meeting will be held at tho same hour at the Union Chapel, to-morrow (Tuesday) evening, when a sermon will bo preached by'the Rev. C. Price, and the Coin munie» administered ; and on Wednesday evening a public meeting will bo held at the Memorial Hall. SABBATH. SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.-Services in connection Suth the anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Sabbath School were held yesterday. In tho morning the pastor, the Rev. C. Anthony preached. In the evcuiug the Rev. T. E. 0. Moll, Congregational minister at the Don, but formerly pastor of the Primitive Methodist Church in Hobart Town,> conducted the service, and preached an excellent discourse. A tea meeting is to bo held to- morrow evening. ST.1 JOSEM'S CHURCH.-Of a more than ordinary interesting nature were the services yesterday, the day being the festival of St. Joseph, tho Saint under whose invocation the church was dedicated. At the early mass to a number of females' in white veils Holy Communion was administered. There was a good congregation at the next mass as there was at 11 o'clock, when high mass was celebrated by the Rev. C. P. Woods, who also preached. Mozart's No. 10 Mass was brilliantly rendered by the choir, the solos being especially well sung. Service.in the evening commenced at 7 o'clock, but th'e congregation was not numerous'; the alteration in the timo for vespers being considered by mauy as less convenient than that of half-past U o'clock, which was until recently adopted at the church for a period approaching thirty years. Vespers were chanted by the Rev. C. P. Woods, and the sermon was delivered by the Rev. W. J. Dunne. Benedic- tion of the' Blessed Sacrament was given by the Moat Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, the Revs. C. ? P.' Woods - and P. It Henuebry being deacon and sub-deacon respectively. The sanctuary was adorned with Howers and a consider- able number of. tapers, the combination presenting an extremely real appearance. THE MISSIONARIES FROM UTAH.-The Mormon missionaries, from Utah, held another of their services in tli9. Oddfellows' Hall yesterday after- noon. Tho attendance seems to bo increasing every Sunday, and numbered yesterday about 150. After Mr. Burton had given out a hymn and oll'ered up prayer, Mr. Swan delivered a discourse in which ho displayed a deeply read knowledge of tho Scrip- tures, his quotations being numerous ami aptly chosen.' Ho is also gifted with strong powers of argument, and handles his subject well, Tho drift of his sermon yesterday was tho so-called necessity of now Revelation, which ho argued was requisite for the continued improvement of the Christian phurçh. Tho-,archbishops and bishops of the Christian Chin elles who occupied tho place of the apostles, had not, ho said, been culled by Divine Revelation, as they did not possess tho key to it, and even if they did, would not avail themselves of it'. Ile 'then alluded to tho promiso of the Holy Ghost, the comforter, made by the Saviour, and asked which of the many interpretations advanced by the various sects respecting it, was to be behoved ? He would state that the promise was that of n new Revelation, without which no church sorvico was of avail, Ho then quoted several passages from tho New Testament tq show {hat Divine Revelation had been continued after 'the birth of the Saviour, and argued therefrom that it was received in tho present day. In support of this assertion ho quoted Matthew, 16th chapter 18th verso, "And I Bay unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church," for tho purpose of showing that the rock mentioned was new rcvolation. Ho concluded by staling that he and his coadjutor, Mr. Burton, had como 10,000 miles by the command of God through Divino Revelation, without sciip or pnrso, to point out tho only truo wfty to everlasting life. Mr. Burton closed the sorvice with prayer. BAKUII'S HIIIHRNICON.-Tho Hibernicon Com- pany gave a matindo on Saturday afternoon. The attendance was a very, fair one, about two hundred children from the Queen's Asylpi¡| and Bays' Homo being amongst thoso prosont! l The exhibition of tho ' pictures was not at all deteriorated as tho daylight was carefully obscured. The principal part of tho entertainment devolved upon tho Gardner Bros., who caused great merriment among the juveniles ..by their negro eccentricities. The performance announced to be held in the evening did not tako placo, an audiouce, as is usual on Saturday night, being wanting., The 'performance to-night will bo for the benefit of Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Baker. An entire chango of programme will bo presented. To-morrow ovoning will bo the last appoarance of the company, ana the performance will bo for the benofit pf tho Hibernian Soojety. . " KNOW THYSEI.».1'-Under the foregoing Reading will bo found anadvertisoment^n nnothpr pplumn intimating that "Lu 2¡eara, Circassian lady magician, firo queen, and wizardess," has arrived, 'and will shortly visit tho Huon district. NARROW ESCAPE FROM DnowNisq.-Joseph Wilks, aged 80 ycais, who has been an i uni ato of tho Brickfields Pauper Establishment until latoly, fell into the water between the Fairy Rock brig and tho Monarch Pier (where sho is lying), last evening about eight o'clock. Charles Dillon, tho well-known waterman, hearing tho man's erics, with tho assist- ance of two gentlemen, manned a boat sud prooeeded under tho Pior, but it was sodaik that they wore unable to find the unfortunate man until a lantern was lowered from the Fairy Rock. Ile was thoa taken ashore, and convoyed to the Hospital by Constable Elliott in a somewhat exhausted stato. Wilks was not drunk, and what ho waa doing on tho wharf is a mystery. GOOD TEMPLARS.-A temperanco meeting in connection with tho Hopo of Tasmania Lodge will bo held at Ebenezer schoolroom, Murray-street, this ovoning. The evening's amuscir.ent will bo diversified by Bongs, recitations, addresses, oto. RURAL MUNICIPALITV OP NEW NORFOLK.-Appli. cations for tbo oftica of managor of waterworks at Now Norfolk will' bo received by tho warden until the 31st inst. Particulars will bo found in another column. HAMILTON RACES.-Nominations for tho Hamilton Handicap, to be run on the 6th of April, must be forwarded to Mr. James Jackson, hon. secretary, at Hamilton, not later than to-morrow (Tuesday). Weights will be declared on Tuesday, 28th inst. HELD OVER.-We are obliged to hold over Auctioneers' reports and several letters. 