RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. The Diocesan Synod. The annual session of the Synod of the Anglican Church in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened at St. Paul's Church, Pulteney street, on Tuesday morning, Mav 16, at half-past 11 o'clock, when Holy Communion was admini- stered. There was only a small congregation. The surpliced choir, consisting partly of clergy, walked in processional order up the main aisle of the church to the chancel, follow ad by the Dean and Chapter, and the Bishop, preceded by the pastoral staff, borne by one of the clergy. The body of the church was occupied by a number of the clergy and laity attending the Synod. Among those present were Archdeacons Marryat and Dove and Canon Coombs. The Bishop read the Communion Service and the Gospel, and Dean Russell the Epistle. Hymn 320, from the A. and M. Hymnal was sung, and the Offertory taken on behalf of the Cathedral Fund, Arch. Marryat reading the offertory sentences. After the administration of the Communion the Bishop delivered the following Pastoral Address. Rev. and Dear Brethren — in my address last year I offered some remarks conducive to a better understanding of certain theological terms, which being misapprehended in their doctrinal import had raised up midwallu of partition among the clergy, and thrown many lay mem bers into an attitude of suspicion if not absolute hostility. Longer experience and more enlarged views have in gome degree modified those feelings. Conscientious discharge of parochial duties, joined to a kind and loving spirit, have ia many instances restored confidence and engen dered respect. It is now admitted, I think, that a rigid uni formity in liturgical worship is ill-adapted to the variety of tastes and feelings which pervades every large community; and that within the re- cognised limits of our Reformed Church congre- gations should be left in undisturbed enjoyment of ritual more or leas ornate, and hymnology more or less fervent. Provided her scriptural teaching and sober spirit of devotion are not compromised, the Anglican Church can adapt itself to the warmth of imaginative devotion, or the simpler needs of uncultured enthusiasm. During the agitation of this question of ritual, there have not been wanting some who by harsh proceedings would have precipitated a schism. Better counsels, however, have pre- vailed; more frequent opportunities of discussion in Church Congresses, the meeting face to face of the clergy of different schools of thought, the candour and gentleness manifested on all sides towards opponents, have enabled leading Churoh men, though differing in opinion, better to appre* date the worth and faithfulness of their brethren. More, then, is to be feared from hasty judgment! than dispassionate elimination of the questions in dispute. The wisdom of Parliament also seconding tha reasonable demands of the beads of the Churoh bas advantageously reformed the ecclesiastical judicature. A Judge of high character, ap pointed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York as Dean of Arches, now hears disputed causes of ritual involving doctrine, andinterprets, under appeal to the Supreme Judicature of the Realm, the legal meaning of the formularies, rubrics, and Acts of Parliaments which define the rights and duties of clergy and laity within the Church by law established. Feio, I think, will be found to set themselves against the law when once thus authoritatively declared. If we need an illustration of the mischievous division caused by misinterpretation of language, it may be found in the persistant refusal of the Greek Church to recognise the orthodoxy of the Western in regard to the procearfon of the Holy Ghoet I allude to this as it may possibly be given to the Anglican Church in conjunction with the Old Catholic Communion in Germany by demonstrating the subslan'ial unity of belief in the Greek and Latin Churches to rostore their iong.interrupted communion.* Well would it be for the Universal Church if the deep learning and conciliatory spirit of Dr. Diillinger pervaded all separate bodies of Chris tians, and that they wonld conscientiously try to understand each other's difficulties, looking to the points whereon they agree rather than insist on those in which they differ ; for the poicer as weil as infaudct of the Universal Church is vastly diminished by present standing apart. It may be readily said, ' Physician, heal thy self.' Well, then, my object u to find a basis (and the only basis it appears to me) on which union is possible. It is not Infallibilism, it is not Individualism, but it is " Churchism.'— the belief that Christ Himself on tbe day of His resurrection, instituted and armed with divine authority a visible Society or Church to which ' He added daily such as should be saved.' Such is the doctrine which I propose briefly to illustrate frcm Scripture, for to the neglect or denial of it we owe, I believe, that Rationalistic criticism which would cast down from all authority the Holy Scripture, the foundation of our beliefs acd hopes. That there was great need of some such ex te-cal witness to the Scriptures — some such guide to distinguish genuine from spurious Gospels, the faith once delivered to the saints from the additions of heresy and later supersti- tion— is sufficiently obvious. And some such standpoint for our common faith becomes still more neceasary in these days, when improved education stimulates enquiry, and demands a reason for the faith propounded for its acceptance. At the same time, then is a yearning for closer fellowship in the Gospel, and more united ministerial action on every side. The first symptom of such a desire was the proposal many years ago for ' Evangelical Alliance;' but the principle of alliance implies normal separa tion in opposition to the primitive dogma of 'one holy Catholic and Apostolic Church.' It tended, however, to call forth Christian sympathy. Since that Alluance began it seems as if Independency had softened into Congrega tionalism, and Congregationalism, In despite of its name, were gravitating towards union. Again, the Baptist, minimizing the grounds of his separation, fraternizes with Pædo-Baptists. The Presbyterian repudiates hia ancient claim of divine right, and, forgetting part antagonism, allies himself with the Independent Every where disintegration seems to be setting in. Cohesion is overpowered by attraction from without. Meanwhile freethought and Rationalistic criti- cism are eating into the heart of negative Pro- * Surely the wider statement, ' Who prooeedeth from the Father and the Son' does not contradict the truth that the Holy Spirit praoMdtth out of the Father! But m the Father and the Boo, an one in asaue; and the 800 breathed on Hk Apostles, saying, ' Jteeeta yetb* Holy Ghost,' the Sen is rightly recognfod in the terms of th* later creed, ' Who proeeedsth from tbe Father acd the Son,' the Latin preposition 'a' in. eluding both out of and from (he father, at well as through (be 8od. testantism, from which the zeal and fervour of old Puritanism has departed. Union, therefore, seems more than ever desirable for those who believe that " there is one God and one mediator between God and man, the Man Christ Jesus.' The great hindrance to such union I imagine our Protestant brethren conscientiously before to be the connection between tbe Church and State in England. Were the civil and social distinction hence arising removed, they think that the separation between themselves and the Anglican clergy would come to an end. I shall not enter here into the historic con tinuity of life, through many changes and chances, of the Church of England from the days of its first martyr St Alban to the present time; but it is my conviction, looking to the American Episco pal Church, that disestablishment would in no wise have that effect. I acknowledge the talent, energy, learning, piety, and respectability of many ministers not of our communion. 1 nave always entertained a hope that as time went on some method would be found whereby they might, without wounding feeling or conscience, combine with us to evangelize a sinful world. I need hardly remind you how this hope found expression in my letter to the Rev. T. Binney in 1858\. His reply, contained in his 'Churoh of the Future,' effectually dispelled the 'dream' which I had entertained. Athanasius contend ing against the world for tbe Catholic Faith (not his own private judgment) m.-s adduced to sanction the principle that ''00 3 may be a Church as well as three,' and it was averted that the Church was once ' centralized' (which does not mean indieiaualiud) in him. The diffe rence between the believers in a Catholic and Apostolic Church, and those who maintain that ' every individual may be a Church in himself' then appeared essentially irreconcileable. I am not pronouncing ex caihaira that the Anglican Churchman is right and the Indivi dualist's view wroBg. I am limply endeavouring to bring into view the direct antagonism of their p- inciplts, and topointout that before co-operation, or union can take place; it must be sho »n that the one or the other principle is untenable accord ing to Scripture. I now therefore briefly set before you the facts which justify our belief in the divine origin and inspired authority of a Catholic and Apostolic Church, and make loyal adherence to it as an obligation of conscience, and not an uncharitable prejudice. The visible Churoh of Christ grew directly out of the Mosaic The olive-tree from which the Hebrew natural branches were broken off, and wild branches from the Gentile world grafted in, preserved unbroken its continuity of life The Apestles were to ,' sit upon twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.' They were to be the spiritual heads of the new Israel. The elder dispensation accordingly closed with that last passover which in gloom and sadness at even on the day of preparation our Lord ate with His Apostles. He would eat no more of that typical passover, for it would be fulfilled and superseded by the sacrifice of Himself. He would drink no more ot that fruit of the vine until he drank it new, as representing His own most precious blood, in the kingdom of God. In less than forty-eight hourj He fulfilled that prediction, fie made Himself known afor Hu resurrection to Bis disciples at Eaxmaus ia 'the ' breaking of bread ;' recalling the sacrament of Bis Bcdy and Blood which He had instituted just before Ho suffered. Later on that evening and in the same upper chamber He gave to the eleven their Apostolic Mission. ' As my Father hath sent me so send I you.' He also breathed en them and said, ' Receive yo the Holy Ghost. Whosoever Bins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; snd whosoever sins ye retain, they are retained.' The day iuelf also was consecrated by His resurrection, boing the first day of the week, to be the Chns'.ian sSabtuth. In these recorded circumstances we find tha framework of the Apostolic Church wbioh was to become Catholio— Apostolic commission — Apostolic authority— plenary Inspiration— the belief of His Church in the Father, Himself the Christ, and the Holy Ghost— the redeeming sacrifice of Himself as the true passover— Hi resurrection from the dead— the power of bind ing or loosing sinners— the mintotratton of the sacraments— the keeping holy the first da- of the week as the Lord's Day— the unity of the Church concentrated in the company ex the Apostle in that upper chamber! But aa Hi epiphany, after His birth eft Bethlehem, to the Gentiles was deferred for a short interval, so the manifestation of His Church, as destined to embrace all cations sod languages, was poet poned until the Day of Pentecost, where, by the visible descent of the Holy Ghost, the gift of languages was poured out upon the Twelve Apostles and whole body of believers, together with tbe gift of discerning spirit*. They were thus fitted to be the Evangelists of the world This gift of tongues waa at once followed by the conversion and baptism of three thousand souls. The Apostolic ministry was then enlarged.' The Apostles laid hands on the seven Deacou. The Church had already grown to a great multitude of men and women ; but alter that ordination, the 'number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly, and a great company of the urieste were obedient to the faith.' Acts vi 7. Many of the Seventy, too, whom our Lord sent forth after His apostles, were still exercising the office to which He had sent them; and we find— A.D. 44 — Saul and Barnabas bringing to tbe 14 elders' at Jerusalem the alms of the Antiocb Gentile Christians. No meatton is anywhere made of their appointment by the Apostles; but they were known and recognised in the Mother Church of Jerusalem, most probably because appointed by our Lord. The history, then, of these early days of the Church shows how systematic and complete was its organization, and how thoroughly acknow ledged the apostolic regimen within it The record of the Evangelists is so clear that it excites eur wonder how any critic acquainted with the New Testament Scriptures and dis posed to read them without prejudice could attribute to James, 'tbe traditional tirst Bishop of Jerusalem, the organization and form of povernment of the Church.' . The Church of England, however, 'receives and accounts Canonical' all tho books of the New Testament as they are commonly received. In faith, then, of the authenticity and inspiration of tbe Scriptures, Churchmen entertain a strong conviction of the duty to uphold and adhere to that Apostolic fellowship and Church to which Our 'Lord added daily such as should be saved.' But while we act ourselves on this principle as Churchmen, we do not feel called on to limit the blessing or grace of God, and we forbid none to work spiritual miracles in Christ's name. ' because they follow not us.' I only wish to show our Protestant brethren the real groun I of not giving them, as we would wish, the 'right hand of fellowship.' With our convictions we cannot be false to Christ's institution. Moreover, there are issues now raised in regard to the Scriptures and evangelical doctrine on which the fact and authority of the Church as instituted immediately by Christ Himself are of the utmost importance. The Anglican Church says in her 20th article ' that the Church is a witness and keeper of Holy Writ' Instituted by Christ Himself on the day of His resurrection, it is indeed admirably fitted to record and to pre- serve our Lord's own teaching during the forty days in which be was seen of the Apostles, and heard 'speaking of the things pertaining unto the Kingdom of God.' The living Church, filled with the Spirit at Pentecost, taught ' that form of sound words, and guarded it as a stored deposit, and delivered it to the saints. It was committed by the 'Apostles' to 'faithful men,' that they might be able to teach others Their divine gift of 'discerning of spirits' enabled them to stamp with authority four onlv out of many Gospels ae auihentic ani genuine, which bare come down to us oat of a multi tude. These are the four we poasees. To tbat living Church, then, the witness and keeper of Holy Writ, under God's providenoe, we owe the canon of the JSew Testament 8cripture*, and the form of faith onoe delivered to the saints, also those 'faithful sayings' which were the oato ohkm in morals of the Universal Churoh. Now, sceptical writers either wilfully or igno rantly overlook this living contemporaneous wit ness. the Church, and try to frame from the meagre residuum which they call Scripture the history of Jesus. In regard to St John's Gospel espe- dally it has been shown beyond all question, from the writer's intimate knowledge of the topo gffhi of Jerusalem and his thorough map of the popular view of the Messiah among the Jews, that it must have been the work of one who lived contemporary with the events described, and btfon the Siege of Jeruealem had M'*akd the vestiges of names and plaoes. No Alexan drian Jew at the close of the second century could have been so fazui.i&r; with Hebrew ideas, and such spots as the ' Sheep Market,' and ' Treasury,' and ' Place of a Skull,' Golgotha and its 'garden,' Bdthcsda and its 'five porches,' Siloam and its ' pool,' when the city had lain desolate more thaa a century. The reception, however, of this and the three Synoptic Gospe's, as w&li; as the other writings of the New Testament, by the living Church aad its duly appointed ministry, showi the value of that divine institution, and why in the Creed waa confeted the belief in one^catholis and apostolic Church.* The life cf the Christian society or Church from the first hour of its being ia necassary in order to authenticate and fully to apprehend, as well as rightly interprat, the facts of Christianity as they are recorded; also to stamp with authority the apostolic letters and Gospels as they were written. 'We must suppose,' says Canon Westcott,' either that men fitted by no previous training, assisted by no similar conceptions, suddenly in a crisis of bitter disappointment and desolation, created an ideal fact (i.e., the resurrection of Christ), of which at the time they could not have foreseen the full import; and then have fashioned their own lives under its influence, and moved others to accept their faith, and that all later experienos has found in this creation— at best of passionate love — the answer to the questionings of suc ceesive generations; or that God the Creator did in the fulness of time bring that about to which the life of the race tended in the guidance of His Providenoe, and from which it has drawn strength not yet completely appropriated.' To the neglect, however, by Luther, of this important article of the Creed, 'the Church,' as divinely instituted to be the witness and keeper of Holy Writ and the faith delivered to the saints, we owe the sceptical criticism which now assails the Bible. In his living fellowship with the spirit which animates the Scriptures, Luther, too hastily, made his private feeling the supreme arbiter of inspired doctrine and inspired writing. But ' no Church can rest its faith on such a theory.' While he depreciated St James's Epistle and the Book of Revelation, he on the other hand called St. John's Gospel and the Epistle to the Romans the ' marrow and kernel of the New Testament books.' Even Renan avers that it is impossible to understand the life and death of Jesus excepting from the data of the fourth Gospel. The combined witness of Luther and Renan, so different in their spirit and faith, may well outweigh those critics who would cast out St John and St. Paul. In contending, then, for tho written Word of God and the saving faith of tho Gospel, the testimony of the living Church from the begin ning as the witness and keeper of Holy Writ is of the greatest value. The Anglican Church holds to this truth with all the tenacity of con scientious conviction. We Churchmen, there fore, want no self- styled Infallible Pontiff to certify to us the Scriptures or Creed or Moral Law. The principle laid down by Vincent of Lerins is sufficient to guide us to a reasonable faith in the orthodox creed as gathered out of Scripture. We reject as novel and unauthorized and unnecessary to salvation that which does not date from the first, has not prevailed everywhere, and has not received general assent. In this appeal to antiquity, universality, and conaeat for the interpretation of the Written Word, we refer to the Liturgies, Creeds, Canons of the Church in Council, and the writings ef the Christian Fathers. ' We thus prove all things, and hold fast that which is good.' It is, however, with no purpose of controversy, believe me, that I have penned these observa. vations. My object has bean to show our Protestant brethren the ground on which Churchmen cannot conscientiously join with them in a common ministry and worship, as we could wish to do. There would arise a danger fatal to both. The Vaticanist and the Rationalist alike reject the testimony of the Primitive Church (the witness and keeper of Holy Writ) to the authenticity, genuineness, and inspiration of the New Testament Scriptures. The Vati tanist rests on his own supposed infallible authority; the Rationalist on his own indi udual feeling and judgment. It follows, according to the principle affirmed in the 'Church of the Future,' that each man may select his own Bible, make his own creed, and constitute himself a Church. As far as man is concerned, he is at liberty to do so; but we must then be content to substitute Babel for the Catholic Church, which believes in one Lord, holds 'one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all and in all.' Rather whereto we have attained let us be of one mind, and it may come to pass, through prayer, patience, and comfort of the Scriptures, that where we are otherwise minded God will hereafter show us the way to greater unity. The service closed with the benediction. Ins Bcsnress Muting took place in the Church OfEoe, Leigh- street, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the Bishop of Adelaide presiding. There was a large atten dance of both clergy and laity. After His Lordship had opened the proceedings with prayer, Hr. F. Wicksteed read the Synod Roll. ATTEHDANCE. The Secretary then read the attendance roll, and the following clergymen and gentlemen answered to their names :— The following are the names of the parishes or districts represented, together with the names of the clergy andBynodsmen :— Boly Trinity, Adelaide — Rev. Richardson Reid, Dr. W. GosBe, Messrs. W. H. Holmss and H. D. Holmes. Christ church, North Adelaide — Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., Hon. Arthur Blyth, Mecsrs. Frederic Wicksteed and J. Bath. St. Luke's, Adelaide— Rev. James Pollitt, Messrs. L. G. Madley and H. Bouoaut. St. Paul's, Adelaide— The Very Rev. Dean Ruesel], Messrs. J. C. Bray, W. J. Fullarton, E. M. Smith, and H. E. Brooks. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide— Rev. 8. Green and Mr. T. J. King. St John's, Adelaide—Rev. F.jS. Poole, M.A., Messrs. J. B. Hughes and O. Wehrstedt. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood— Rev. W. B. Andrews, Messrs. A. fipence and J. E. Moulden. All Sainte', HindmarBh— Rev. H. M. Pollitt and Mr. B. Taylor. St. Margaret's, Woodville-Rev. H. M. Pollitt and Mr. G. A. Connor. St. Andrew's, Walkerville — Von. Archdeacon Dove, M.A., Messrs. C. B. Young and C. C. Cornish. St. Matthew's, Kensington — Rev. E. Jenkins, Messrs. B. W. Meredith and J. flowell. St. George's, Woodforde— Rev. A. Hcnner and Mr. H. D. Cruttonden. St Michaels, Mitchain— Bar. Honry Read, M.A., Meesrs. N. Oldbam and D. Baebage. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudie and Mr. J, H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South-road— Kov. J. Bach and Mr. B. H. Babbage. Cbristchurch, O'Halloran Hill— Rev. J. Bach and Mr. T. J. S. O'Halloran. St. Peter's, Glenelg— Rev. T. Field, M.A., Messrs. W. S. Douglas and W. T. Sheppard. St. Stephen's, Wfllunga— Rer. E. K. Miller and Mr. H. Malpas. St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga— Rev. B. K. Miller. St. James's, Blakiston— Rev. J. W. Gower. Chrutchurch, Mount Barker— Rer. J. W. Gower and Dr. Weld. St. Thomas's, Balhannah— Rer. J. W. Gower. St. George's, Gawler— Rev. Canon Coombs, Meranr. T. O. Jones and J. Tfaornley. Christchurcb. Kapunda— Rev. J. M. Donald son, Messrs. W. D. Soott and W. Barlow. 8t. Mary'?, Kcoringa — Rer. H. Howitt, Mean. M. MacDermott and Neville Blyth. * Canon Weetoott, Reg. Prof, of Div. at Cambridge. ' The Christian Church is the one final and abiding witness to the realities of Christian life. The direct testimony of the Apostolic body and the last of the Apostles to the facts of Christ's life, and in particular to His resurrection is supplemented by the testimony of the living society.' " The earliest Christians observed the first day of the week as that on which Christ rose. Baptism was regarded as dying and rising with Christ The celebration of the Holy Eucharist is unintelligible without faith in a risen Saviour. The fact of the Resurrection is not an article of the Creed; it was the life of it.' 'Now this testimony of a continuous life— the testimony of the Christian Church— is either entirely overlooked or strangely perverted by sceptical writers.' 'They imagine Christianity to be the development of te latter end of the second century.' St. Jude's, Port Eliot— Rev. F.. T. Howa'l, MA., and Mr. T, A. Howell. Si. John's, Mount Pleasant — Mr. W. & Moore, St. Peter's, Robe — Kev. W. T, Marshall (excused). Cbristchurch, Gsmbierton — Mr. H. E, Hughe?, St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln — Mr. S. C. Pearson. Christchurcb, Yaakalilla— fier. B. Joalingand Mr. E. Lovelock. All Saints', Moonta— Mr. A. MeGeorge, Holy Trinity, Biverton— Rer. J. Houghton acd Mr. J. Bosworth. St. James's, Glenburn— Rev. C. W. Morse and Mr. J. Lcrd. Imanuel, Chinkford— Rev. J. Houghton. St. Michael's, Bungaree— Her. J. A. Boake, B.A. St. Barnabas, Clare— Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A., and Mr. John Hope. St John's, Auburn— Ret. C. W. Hawkins. St. Mary's, Wallaroo— Bev. C. G. Taplin and Mr. G.W. SMifant. St. Martin's, Campbelltown— Rev. A. Honner and Mr. H. E. Downer. St. Ann's, Aldinga— Re?. E. K. Miller. Holy Evangelist's. Goolwa— Rev. EL T. Howell, M.A., and Mr. 3. F. DeMole. Christchurcb, Kalina— Bev. C. G. Taplin and Mr. Julius Ey. Christchurch, Strathalbyn— Dr. Ast'.es. St Jude's, Brighton— Rev. J. Bach and Mr. H. Dutton. St Paul's, Rhyme— Rev. J. Honghton. Holy Trinity, Lynioch— Rev. R. B. Webb, M.A. Tie following Churches that had not be3n placed upon the roll were included to giw status to the clergy:— Collegiate School of St. Peter— Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., Rev. F. Williams, M.A., and the Rev. W. Hey Bharp, M.A. St Clement's, Enfield— Rev. J. C. Haynes. St. Matthew's, Poonindie— Rev. R. W. Holden. Holy Trinity, Melrose— Rev. H. Williams. Bfchop's Chaplain, Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; Missionary Chaplain, Rev. J. H. Corvan, B. A. Apologies were received for the nonatten dance of Messrs. J. K. Hawthorn and J. H. Cunningham, Synodsmen for St. Luke's Church, Adelaide. SYKOD OFFICERS. The Rev. S. Green and Mr. Neville Blyth were elected to the respective offices of Clerical and Lay Secretaries to the Synod, and the Rav. Thos. Field was appointed Reporter. ELECTION COMMITTEE. Mr. O'Halloban proposed that the elections of the several Committees be by ballot, instead of by nomination, to which he objected on principle. Mr. BosvroRTH, M.P., seconded the motion, which was negatived by 34 votes againet 21. The following members of last year's Election Committee— Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, and MtBEre. H. E. Downer and C. B. Young, with the substitution of Mr. J. C. Bray, M. P., for Mr. G. W. Hawkes, at present in England were nominated for re-election. Mr. B. H. Babbags proposed the Rev. W. Mudie as a member of the Committee; but as several members of the Synod objected to the proposal as equivalent to a motion for an elec tion by ballot, and as Mr. Babbage declined to nominate Mr. Mudie in the place of any one of the gentlemen already nominated, the proposi tion was not pressed, and the Committee as already proposed was elected. The Bishop then read the following Repobt of thb Diocese. Tne past twelvemonth offers no very salient points of interest to distinguish it from those which preceded it The tranquil character of our Parochial Church life seems to mark its arrival at adult maturity. The difficulties which have arisen are attributable to the migration of the population to tho new areas, diminishing thcroty the resources of the older cures, and at the tame time causing a demand for more clergy, without furnishing to any appreciable extent tbe fund for supporting them. The voluntary system without extra local help is found quit? inadequate to supply the scattered population with ministerial servic-s. Nothing short of a Cellege of Missionary Clergy to itinerato through the length and breadth of the land could accom plish this task. I need hardly say that the Church of England has at this time no such organization at work, nor funds in this Diocese to support such an institution, however effective it might prove. The remarks which I have to make naturally fall under two heads— tbe outward progress, and the inward state of the Church among us. Material Progress.— Where the mass of the population consists of persons who earn their livelihood by daily toil, and few have inherited or amassed wealth, contributions toward build ing churches or maintaining a. ministry must Eeceuarily|be small The supply of religious offices will, in the first instance, therefore, limit itself to the centres of population, where num bos make up for the deficiency of individual wealth. Again, the exigencies and the prospects ofayouDgsocietyhinderyoungmenfromfollowing tbat education which fits them for the ministry. It becomes necessary, therefore, to seek for ministerial help from the mother-country. Here the difficulty meets us both of selecting suitable n:en and providing for their passage out, as well as guaranteeing them an adequate income even for a limited time. After all the newly-arrived may fail to satisfy the congregation to which ho is appointed, and no permanent settlement or guaranteed income will follow. It ia a matter, therefore, not only of spiritual anxiety but also of monetary risk to send home for clergy. Of course persons of accumulated fortune may build places of worship and pay stipends to ministers, but to gather into the Lord's trea sury the offerings of the working classes is a work of time; and a dearth, meanwhile, of the Word and Sacraments is widely felt ! The most needful work of Synod lies in this direc tion — to increase the Home Mission Fund for tbe support of purely missionary clergy. With out enlarged funds lam powerless te provide for tho spiritual wants of our people. Missionary Agency.— Meanwhile, during the inadequate supply of men and moans, it has been arranged that nonOdy services should be supplied by visitog clergy in cures without resident pastors. 8c, with duly licensed readers, the Sunday services have been for the most part maintained. Here our simple Liturgy and col lection of beautiful hymns ara found of such great value. An intelligent layman, ' who cares for the things of the Lord,' is thus enabled to conduct the s&rvhas; with benefit to himsolf and the edification of his neighbours. Nor need he be at a loss for spiritual food for souls, since the number of ex cellent sermons in print is unprecedented. I em happy to find an increasing williugness to undertake this truly Christian office, indigence j and consistency of life being indispensable ' requisites. It is, indeed, only a temporary , and preparatory agency, to be replaced as soon as possible by a resident ministry. On the J whole it has been highly profitable, but I frequent visiting by a clergyman is needful to . keep the system in vigour. Travelling ex | pensos would be proportionably increased, and increased offerings would probably be made. Mission Forage Allowanee.— It has been the care of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel attorneys to grant a forage allowance of £25 yearly to the incumbents of those parishes which have a Mission district attached to them. Thus are visited from Redruth, the EBburban fiorra townships and farms; from Kapunda, Hamilton, and Blanchatown; from Auburn, Port Wakefield ; from Kadina, Green's Plains and the Cocoanut ; from Robetown, Laoepede Bay ; and from Mount Gambler, MiUicent, the Drainage Works; and from Yankalilla (until Mr. Morse went to England) Kangaroo Island. ITnder other missionary agency— Mt. Pleasant, Mt Torrens, and Woodside, Strathalbyn, the Meadows and Langhome's Creek, Virginia and the Aim Townships, Ikon, Jamestown, Gladstone and Port Pirie, Port Augusta, Stirling, and Melrose, receive monthly visits or as often as may be peirible. Archdeaoon Dove, or some other clergyman, vfctti ooos a quarter the Northern Stations, from Pakinato the Blinman. The system therefore fa duly organized. It only needs more clergy men and more f undi (0 meat the requirements of thfaeztoosire diocese. ' Bek and Absent Clergy.— The difficulties of supplying aerrioM were greatly increased by the ' sick leave' granted to the Bev. C. Morse and the illness of Messrs. Andrews and Green. Happily my own health continued unimpaired, and I was is some degree able to supply the bereaved cures, and minister tbe rite of oo&firmation.; Yorke's Psninsula, Mount Gambler, Robe, Biverton, the Burra, Yankalflla and Glenburn, Lyndooh and Pewsey Yale have received my personal ministrations. Candidates for Holy Orders.— Ton will per haps ask yourselves, as I sometimes do myself, hew these onerous duties are to be lightened? I must look to occasional arrivals of clergymen from home and the ordination of oolonially educated candidates for orders. Of the latter class the Bev. R. Joeling now occupies the plaoe of the Rev. C. Morse at Yankalilla. Of the former the Revs. T. E. Ash, J. Bach, and J. H. Corvan were Bent out from England. The two latter are serving acceptably in the district of St Mary's, South-road, and at Moonta, Mr. Corvan also visits Maitland and South Yorke's Peninsula monthly, through Yorke Town to Edithburgh. The first left the colony in October, 1875. Theological Students. — I have the satisfaction of finding the number of young men disposed to give themselves to the Ministry on the increase, and I may here state publicly that those clergy whom I have been permitted to ordain from out of the Diocese itself are among the most efficient and zealous. The number of young probationers is six. Indebtedness of Churches.— It is both the law and the usage of the Anglican Churoh that no church shall be consecrated tc God's service until it is free from dilt. We csnnot give to God's per petual service that which is not ours to give. I know from experience what a millstone round the neck of a congregation and its minister is a heavy debt It paralyzes all other Christian effort ; home and foreign missions and aid to other ChurcheB are suspended. Handsome churches are desirable; but indebtedness is often incurred beyond the resources of the population, and for years is tho source of anxiety and dis comfort New Churches.— I am happy to learn that a new church ia to be built between the Burra and Redruth. St. Thotaa&'s at Port Lincoln has been much enlarged, and new churches are finished at Laura and Jamestown, while another is rising at Port Pino. TheEo are tho natural but slow results of the voluntary system. I should be glad if we had a Building Fund for grantsin aid. The Cathedral.— It was my purpose from the first not to commence this building until there was a good prospect of completing a part of it for Bervioe without having a debt upon it I have been permitted to realize that hope. On the day when I took possession of tbe building, at the conclusion of a short thanksgiving ser vice no liability remained uncovered. This is, I believe, a singular and unprecedented event, for which I am thankful. External Relations of the Diocese.— We had the satisfaction of welcoming our beloved and respected brother the Bishop-elect of Brisbane on his way from Perth to his new diocese. We earnestly pray that tie divine blessing, which so manif e&tly; accompanied his ministrations amonga t us, and afterwards in Western Australia, may be plentifully vouchsafed to hu present episcopal labours. The General Synod.— This body has been sum moned to meet on September 26. The relation of the Church in Australia and Tasmania, and of its Primate to the Church of England and the See of Canterbury, will I trust be defined satis factorily and settled; also that of tho Committee of Appeal to the Supreme Judicature in England in causes ecclesiastical, and its decisions. The subject also of constituting Metropolitans and provinces needs adjustment. Further, in order to promote uniformity of usage in the province, perhaps the forms of services outside those pro vided in tho Prayer-book should bo Bubaitted to a Provincial Committee for revision and approval. The style adopted, 'The Ckurchof England in Australia and Tasmania,' implies, in my opinion, our acceptance of tho decisions arrived at by the Judicial authorities of the Established Church as the law of the whole Acglicm Church in the colonies. I apprehend the Civil Courts would be guided by their deci-iun, and overrule any judgment of a Diocesan or Provincial Court which departed from them to the civil injury of a clergyman. I now turn from the outward to the inward state of our communion, so far as we can see signs of its condition and progress. Confirmations.— I have noticed with pleasure the general tone of the young people who have presented themselves for this rite. The number confirmed is considerable — 368, and their demeanour as well as voluntary attendance at the Lord's Table afterwards seemed to indicate a serious sense of the important vow they were waling. I believe the preparation of the can didates by the clergy has been conscientious and painstaking. Another favourable sign of the influence of religion hae been the quiet and harmony whioh bas characterized the parishes during toe year, and the late vestry meetings. In a very painful case of discipline, also, I found the utmost con siderateness combined with a steady determina tion to rid the Cbuich of an unfaithful minister. With laymen so disposed I feel cordial sym pathy, and am fully recompensed for the cares, labours, and anxiety which such cases occasion me, bv the manifestation of such grace. Lay Readers.— To this valuable body, 'helps' to the ministry, I beg to tender my most sincere tbankB. Their voluntary service, preceded as it is by memorial in their behalf from the congre gation and some minister, together with their own declaration of loyal adherence to the Church doctrine, Liturgy, and discipline, followed also by the licence of the Bishop, gives to their ministrations the stamp of order and authority, whioh prevent both irregularity and personal assumption. It places the Anglican view of the Church and its true scriptural character openly before the world. ' Ye are a chosen nation, a royal priesthood, a peculiar people;' and while the ordained minister is the official representative of the whole body of worshippers, yet each individual in hia measure is part of that prieethood, and may if need be, when duly called, assist his brethren in public worship. Statistic?.— TheearJierandmorecomplete trans mission of these returns this year enables me to speak with satisfaction of some points in our parochial work. I observe, for instance, that the sum total of offerings and collections distinct from rent paid for sittings amounts to the hand some Bum of £8,590 9s. 3d., 1876; £6,244 19s. 6d., 1875; £7,185 16a., 1874; £6,565 18s. Id., 1873; £5,201 Is. 4d., 1S72; £4,922 12?. 7d., 1870\. There has been a steady increase both in the numbers aud liberality of givers to the offertory; and a comparison of tho returns for the last five years will Bhow that during that period there bas been an advance in all but one, of the particulars on which the amounts have been returned, as will be apparent from the appended table: — i '3 I '. ^~i I ? ? .* ' . *»£ as I . to am flits -i £!?» g. 2c § .2 .§ ' JS { & J 1875-6.. 6.611 2.707 368 1 355 1,307 4S2 4,921 1874-5.. 6,565 2,463 445 i 419 i 1,207 454 4,563 1873-4.. 6,543 2,427 321 ; 341 1,578 431 ! 4,9d5 1872-a. 6.204 2,241 335 ! 284 : 1.402 509 i 4850 1&71-2.. 5.944 2,263 330 i 277 1,342 495 1 4,556 1 ' ! In Sunday-school teachers and children it is to be regretted that the numbers have slightly receded from the years 1873 and 1871. If the number of candidates confirmed in the last five years be added to the number of com municants returned in 1870, the total number of communicating members (exclusive of deaths) will amount to 3,670. On Sunday next, the 2Kt, I shall reach the 50th anniversary of my admission to the Diaconate; on June lltb, the 74th of my birthday; on the 29th of June the 29th of my Episcopate. These circumstances, remind me tbat my course is nearly run. I cannot hope, therefore, to continue equal to the Mission work and journeys required of the Bishop of this extensive Diocese. Your thoughts therefore should be directed towards one or other of two alternatives— providing me with an assistant, or appointing a succeeeor. Meanwhile I will ask your prayers that I may be enabled to labour effectively in the oause of Christ, and that He, the great Head of the Church, may vouchsafe to own and blea my work. THE STAHDBG COMMTTIB. The Standing Committee submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them and to Special Committees by the last Synod, and upon those which have otherwise occupied their attention during the past jear. ' Boundaries of All Saints', Moonta, and St John's, Maitland.— That the parish of All Saints', Moonta, shall for the present oonaist of the township of Moonta and the adjaoent mines, within a radius of two miles from the Post Office in the town of Moonta, until such time as the boundaries can bo more clearly defined by dis« triot roads or otherwise. That the boundaries of St Jokn's, Maitland, shall be tbe boun daries of the Agricultural Area of Yorke Valley. Assessment.— They report that they estimate the expenditure for the ensuing year aa follows:— Secretary's salary, £150; printing, £50; postages, £15; advertisements, £10; sundries, £10; total, £235, They recommend an assessment of 81. per sitting let, as per returns of 1874-5, amounting to £251 8s. 4d. There ia a balanoe in hand of £10 11b. Id., which thoy estimate will cover the expenses of the Vestry Record books. Schedule C. — The following ohurches are placed in Schedule C after 80th June, 1877, having been in Schedule A more than 15 years:— St Thomas's, Port Iinooln; St Thomas's, Bal hansah. Synodal Expenses.— The [assessment for 1875*6 bas been sufficient to oover the expenditure and pay off £13 10s., which amount they borrowed last year from the Vacant Cures Fund, leaving a balance in hand to pay for the Vestry Record books. Sight churches have not paid any assessment, viz.: — St Mary's Eohunra; St. Clement's, Enfield; St John's Macclesfiold; Holy Trinity, Melrose; St Mary's, Penola; St. Mark's, Penwortham; St John's, Salisbury; Christchurch, Strathalbyn. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund. — Tho Trustees publish the second quinquennial balanoe sheet to June 80, 1875, and a progress aooount to date. The report of the Actuary was suffi ciently favourable to have induced them to raise the annuities from £30 to £85 per annum. Table of Collections, &c.; — They furnish a table showing the amount received from each Church for the various funds, and tbe amount paid as grants in aid to clerical inoomes :— Received- 1874-5. 1875-6. Synodal Assessment ... £190 0 0 £226 17 i Home Mission ... 280 16 0 271 7 8 Mission to Heathen ... 142 8 6 141 13 5 Paid— GranU in ail to Clerical incomes ? 6f8 18 1 4P0 5 3 Bcme Mission Fund.— fhey have again paid the grant in aid of stipends at full scale. Mission to the Heathen. — They regret to observe that Borne Churches have made no col lections, although there is still a slight improve ment in the number of Churohes contributing. They have divided that portion of the funds placed at their discretion equally between the Melanedan and Lacepede Bay Missions, with the understanding that tbe latter be closed forthwith. Endowment of Churches.— They report that St. Margaret's Woodville, and St. Martin's, Campbelltown, have been endowed this year to the amount of £500 each, the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society having contributed £800 in each case, and the Attor neys of the S.P.O. £12 10s. to St. Margaret's, Woodville. They call attention to the amended syBtem for endowment of Churches:— 'System for the Endowment of Churches, agreed to by the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and the Standing Committee of the Diocesan Synod, snd the I.C.E.E, Society.— In order to promote the endowment of Churches in this Diocese, and thereby Becure the ordinances of our Church in settled localities* te it resolved— (1) That so soon as a sum of not less than £40 and not exceeding £200 be raised or subscribed by any pariah or district, it be met by a grant from the I.C.B.E. Society of £60 for every £40 sn subscribed, the total grant not to exceed £300, providod the annual income of tbe Society will permit. (2) That the Bim thus raised bo paid to tho Trustees of the Endowment of Churches Fund to be invested by them, and tho income thereof be applied for the benefit of the minister of the parish or distriot so subscribing: Provided that such minister hold the licence of tbe Bishop, and that such parish or district bo Eubject to the fundamental nil ob and provisions of 8} nod. (3) That the inoome shall Dot be applied as aforesaid whoa and so long as any pariah or district shall be without an incumbent minister, or when and bo long as the minuter of the pariah or district refuses or omits to comply with the terms of the consensual compact of Synod. (4)That the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospol in Foreign Parts guarantee, for the future, interest on the capital of each Church at the rato of 6 per cent per annum; that thoy will endeavour to augment the above payments by Eums not exceeding 15 per oent. on suoh interest; that they limit the guarantee to a period of five years, renewable for anotber term if their fundB permit ; that at the expiration of that period should the money invested not produce an income equal to 6 per cent the ministers of the parishes or districts wbioh have so subscribed shall be paid a pro rata amount from all the moneys invested for endowments: Provided tbat whenever the sums invested yield a greater return than 10 per cent, on the whole of such invested sues, then the excess shall be at the dis posal of Synod for Church purposes. (5) That a preferential selection of such parishes or districts as may wish to avail themselves of the advan tages to be derived from the above proposed system of endowment shall be made by the Standing Committee of Bynod with tbe consent of the 1.CE.E. Society.' Schedule A,— No Churches have boon added to tbifc schedule during the year. Your Committee desires to acknowledge with thanks a gift to the Synod, from Mr. C. a. Young, of an allotment in the township of Belalie North. Your Committeo regret havfnjr to record tha I0E6 during tho past year of Mr. K. B. t'oiloy and Dr. Lewis, two of the earliest members of Synod. Letters of condolence were sent in each case to the relatives of the deceased. The loss of Mr. R. B. Colley has been Beverely felt by your Com. mittee, and they desire to express thus publicly their thankful recolloctiona of the singularly valuable services rendered by bim to the Church at large as well as to the Synod. In the absence from tha colony of Mr. H. H. Thomas, one of tho Auditor?, the Committee requested Mr. Thomas Evans to act, and ask your approval of tho appointment. A. Adelaide, Chairman. BErOET OF THE MISSIONARY COMMITTEE. Your Committee have to report that the work of EuppljiDg sorvioea to the Northern Areas hag been energetically carried on by the Rev. H. Williams, who, from Melroso as a centre, has been enabled to pay periodical viats to Porta Augusta and Pirie, Gladstone, Laura, Jamestown, and Georgetown. The S.P.G. has contributed £150 to his stipend, whilst the contributions from the various congregations to whom he ministers are gradually increasing. The mission cannot at present be expected to be selfsupport ia nawly-peopled districts. The Revs. C. G. Taplin and J. H. Corvan are serving in the Areas on Yorke's Peninsula as opportunity offers. Promises have been received from Laura and Port Pixie of £50 per annum and £20 per annum respectively.— G. W. SlLUFAHT.Hon. Secretary. theological and ecclesiastical lu3baby commotes, kastzb, 1878. The receipts for the past year have been £15 7s. 9d.; balance from last year, £16 4s. lid.; total, £31 12s. 8d. The expenditure has been £20 7s. 8d., leaving a balance in hand of £li 5s. Arrears due, £10 10s. The present number of subscribers is 18. Any subscriber can nomi. nate books for order to the amount of half his subscription.— H. M. PoLLirr, Hon. Secretary. Adelaide, 25th April, 1876. CHCECH OF ENGLAND HATIYE MISSION, LACEPEDB BAT.— AHHUAL BEPOET, I beg to report that in January last, finding the children at Bohool reduoed to six, with no probability of the numbers being increased, I gave notice to the superintendent, Miss Arm strong, that the school would be permanently closed in three months from that date, knowing it to be the wish of Synod that it should not be kept open longer than neoessary. Three of the children being orphans were Bent to Poonindie, one provided with a situation, and the other two would hare been taken charge of by napectable persons, but the parents pre ferred taking them away, and have left the district During the several years that the institution has been in existenoe, I do not hesi tate U say that the money has been well expended, and with as fair an average amount of good as can usually be expected from chari table institutions of the kind. The closing of the accounts chows a considerable balanoe to tha debit of the mission, which I hope, however, will be reduced by tome allowance for the school fcoose, which ia erected on QoTernment land, or by selling the material I have applied to the GoTemment on the subject, and am waiting a reply. Some assistance has usually been panted by the Trustees of the Poonindie Mis sion, which will no doubt be again afforded, and by which the amount may be further reduced or liquidated.— C. B. 'Vocua, Acting Hon. Bee. Adelaide, April 29, 1S76. HELAKESIAJT MISSION. The report of the Mission for the year 1875 lag been received and distributed among the subscribers. The sum of £199 9i 2i, inclu sive of £10 frcm Perth, Western Australia, ha3 been collected during the year ending 30th April, 1876.; £200 13a. 9dL haa been remitted to the Rev. B. T. Dudley, at Auckland. A state ment of accounts will be found in the appendix under the head of ' Melanesi&n; Mission.' — G. W. SnilTAST, Treasurer. Adelaide, May 3, 1876. APPOINT j£E-~T OFOFFICKBS. Messrs. Henry Dutton and Alfred Spence were elected Treasureia for tha ensuing year. Messrs. J. H. Cunningham and Thoa. Evan3 were elected Auditor?. COimiTTEK OF ArPEAL. The Twer. E. T. Howe:iJ, Mr. H. E. Dowaer, and Mr. W. D. Scott ware unanimously elected \ members of the Court of Appeal as rcpresenta* | tires of the Synod. ! ASBFSSOBS. j Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon j Coombs, Archdeacon Dove, Rev. S. Green, Rev. W. B, Andrews, and M-.Esrs. C. B. Young, G. A. Connor, G. W. Siliifant, S. C. Pearson, G. E. ! DeMole, and J. S. O'Halloran. j THB G15ERAL SYJfOD AT SYDNE7. j The next subject for consideration was the nomiaation of representatives to attend tha | General Synod which the Primate had summoned j to be held at Sydney on Tuesday, September 2 j. I Els Lordahip said the full number of represen- j tatives allowed wa3 four clergymen and four j laymen. After a desultory discussion as to tha number of representatives to be sent, it was resolved that the full number of four clergy and four laymen be seat, and that some additional names be nominated and voted for as emergency - mea, the number of votes received to decide their petition of precedence. Tho following names were proposed:— Clergy — Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Archdeacon Dove, Canon Coombs, Revs. S.' Green, E. T. Howell, and W. B. Andrews; laymen — Messrs. N. BIyth, H. K Downer, J. C. Bray, C. B. Youns, J. B. Hughes, W. Barlow, and W. J. Fullarton. A ballot having been taken, the Bishop declared the following clergy and.laymen had been elected in the order stated : — Archdeacon Marryat, Dean Russell, Rev. W. B. Andrews, and S. Green; and Messrs. BIyth, Young, Barlow, and Downer. The emergency -men elected were Archdeacon Dcve and the Rev. E. T. Ho well, and Messrs. Hughes and Bray. Dean Rcsseix moved—' That the thanks of Synod are due to His Lordahip the Bishop for ffia valuable pastoral address and report, whick with the statistical return.' be printed in the report.' He said it must be a source of real satisfaction to all present to see His Lordship amongst them in such excellent health. (Hear, bear.) Although the Bishop spoke of his ad vanced age, and of the time when he should cease to act, he felt they would all agree with him in the hope that by God's blessing His Lordship might long be spared to preside over them. Mr. Bltth seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation, the BISHOP briefly re turning tkanks. The Rev. S. Ghees moved—' That the reports of the Standing Committee and Missionary Committee be received, taken as read, and pub lished in report.' Mr. N. Emu seco-ded the motion, which was carried. The Rev. S. Greek moved— ' That | the talance-Eheet of the Treasurers of Synod far the year ending Easter, 1S76, and the quinquen nial balance-sheet and prepress account of tha Trustees of the Clergy Wilow and Orphan Fund, be received, adopted, and published in report/' Hs £iid the fun 'Is of the Widow ani Orphan Fund had been so far augmented that the TrusUes Lad been able to increase the grants in aid. (Hear, hear.) Mr. N. 5L7.TH seconded tha motion, and expressed a hope that a BuDevoient Fund for tho clergy would soon be set ori foot. Carried. Mr. Elith moved— 'That tao thaak3 of Synod be given to the Attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustees of A'len's P. A. Fund, the Trustees of the Pooniudie Native Institution, the Com mittees cf the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, the Molanesian Mission, Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the Dioce3au Library, for their reports and statistical returns, and tLat they be received aad published ia the report' Cantn COOMBS seconded tho motion. The TlSHOP mentioned that three children hid been i&ktn; from Lacepede Biy to Pocnindie, and that there seemed littia occasion for the con tinuance of the former mission. The isc tic n was carried. The Rsv. S. Ghees moved—' That tho assess ment for Synodal expenses be aa proposed by the StaudiDg Committee.' Ha explained tha: Churches would contribute according to th. number or its sittings. Whero there wore no sittings tach and every pound of the cfFartory would be reckoned as a titling let. Whoie there was an offertory amounting to £100 tin sim-i assesEu.ent would be made as if 100 sittings wer ? let The Rev. J. Bach hoped tha assessment for St. Judc's Church, Brighton, would ba re duced. The offertory had of late fallen oil from £i50 or £170 to £6*0 or £70, and yet th assessment cf £5 16s. Si remained tha same. Mr. O'Hallokas seconded tha amandasnv and said this small congregation wa3 placed at a great disadvantage compared with much large' and xicLer ocLgregatij^, hariag to pay a3 mac1: as they. The Rev. J. Ba:h oxpLv'n-:d that the aswss cent tve3 laid on tbe amount recaived during the late incumbency, and that the sum reeeivad had fallen off largely. In fact he had been obligtu to pay the monoy himself, and bavins thua Le€n fleeced before he objected to under going the same ordeal acaiu. Dean Rcssell objected to the use of such language. The assea-.meLt bad been levied on the retujns sect in frcm St. Jade's Church, and if they werj wrcng, tha perssc* who made them must bear the const oiencts. Ha had no doubt that if new and proper returns ware sent m, th* asesPxeEt would be reconsidered, and probably reduced. The motion was ultimately carried with tha fcllowirg additional wcris:— ' With the excep tion cf that from St. Judo's, Britthton, which shall be nferred to tte Sticding Committee f jr censideratiou and readjustment, the Incumbent aid Cturch wardens of St Jude's to be per mitted to wait en the Committee, and esp'ain thecitur.'' The la*t clause was added on the motion of Caion Faer Tto P.ev. 8. Gil-ay moved — 'Tint the afpcir.ts:cr.t of Mr. T::crnas Evau3 as Auditor ia tno v?3ce of Mr. H. H. Thoaa3 be approval,' expUicii. jr that tho mciLa wi3 meiely to in dtmnify tho Standing Committee for having appointed Mr. Evans without tho sanction of the Synod. Mr. Bltth seconded. Cairisd. Mr. FcllaBio* moved— 'That the increasa of the C'ergy Widow and Orphan Fund annuities from £30 to £35 per annum be approved.' Mr. Buth seconded tha motion. On the motion of Canon Farb, seconiel by Mr. Douglas, tho following rider was added to the motion, wh.ch was th?n adopted— ' Thav. thelnv&tavnt; C ?amittte be recommended t-- censicer tho propriety of investing a portion o' the fund in hind.' The Rev. S. G&?kk moved—' That the R9v. S. Green, Rev. H. M. Pollitr, R*t. F. 8. Poole, and Mr. Wickstee.i be a '.Committed to edit th= Report cf Synod, and that it be an instruction t. them to incur as little expense as possible.' The motion having been seconded by Mr. WlCESIEED wa3 carried. The iiev. C. G Tapldj moved— ' That it be an tostiuction to the Standing Committee to sell allotment of land No. 7, situate ia Kadina, for and en behalf of Christchurch, Kadina.' He said the land in question waa giren to Christ church fcr Church pnrpo»ea by Mr. Jas. Boor, and it waa decided to sell it and derote the pro ceeds to the liquidation of the debt on tte par sonage. a Mr. Julius It seconded tha motion, and pointed out that it was the wish of the aaat holders that the land should be ?old; ia fict it bad been so5J, bat could not be transferred without the sanction of the Synod, to whom it had been transferred. In th« course of a discussion that followed this motion, Mr. DowsfcB and other members pointed out that the present caw was a very important one, aa if the Synod granted this per mission without the written and formally ex pressed wish of the Vestry and people concerned, it might have the effect of deterring other Dersopg from thus endowing Churches with land. In this case, too, the permission of the donor, who was living, bad not been sought; and it ought to be dene in all cases where practicable. Air. Wicksteed morad, aa an amendment— ' That on the Vestry of Christchurch, Kadina, giving satisfactory evidence to the Standing Committee that it is their wish and for the per manent addvantage of the Church, they shall be at liberty to order the transfer of the hud, and that the withes of the donor be first ascer tained.'' Canon FiHB seconded the amendment, nUca was carried. THR EVKflKQ SmTNO. Mr. N. Bltth proposed— ' That a Select Committee of three— Archdeacon Marryat, Mr. W. 8. Douglas, and JJr. N. BIyth— be appointed to consider the amended fjstem of endowment of churches, and that they report to the Standing Committee, who shall hare power to act in the matter :u d 'Sdopt the deed of settle ment if necessary.' Be eaid the circumstances of the colony had changed very much sins9 the original scheme of endowments was first put into fore*, and that the liberal aid once civen could not be given now. Thia pr-posal had reference only to the futur?, and would not inter fere in any way with past endowments. It would cnly refer to churches which in future availed themselves of the advantages of endow ment. As would be peon by the resolutions the amount to be obtained from the three Societies would be pretty considerable. Mr. Alfhed Spskck s-cjcded the motion. After a desultory disou- s-ion the Synod want into Committee, and finally it wa3 resolved, on the motion of Dean Resell, ' That the questioa of the Church endowment system be referred to a special Committee, conristba: of Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Farr, and Messrs N. BIyth, Douglas, and Scott, a:id fust they report to taj Syncd durirjg its present peition.' TUF TtMI'ElUNCK QUKSTIO5. Dean Rrsstix moved— ' Tnat this Sjnod ap proves and sanctions tha establishment in thia diccesa of a Society adhering to the principles of th6 Church of England Teaipercnce Sjciety.' After considerable discunfioD, The motion was carried, 32 voting for it, and 5 voting against it. SUPEBANNTATIOX FUND. TLeRev. J. Hoi'GHTOX moved— 'That in the opinion of this Svnod, in ordar to promote more effectually the work of God in connection with the Church of England in this diocese, by securing the labours of piou3, zealous, and learned men, it is absolutely necessary at ouce to take steps to establish a fund for the relief of invalided and aged ministers; and that a Com mittee, consisting of the Bishop and Rev. Canons Marryat and Farr, and Messrs. C. B. Young, J. Bosworth.N. BIyth, Green, H. Poirson, and T. O. Jones, be appointed to carry out the said object.' He disclaimed any expectation of becoming directly or immediately interested in the motion; but ho pointed out that many ministers in the diocese who had families were cot in the best of circumstances, and that when they became incapacitated by illness or old age from engaging in active duty they had but little prospect of gaining a competency for old age. The motion, which was cordially supported, was carried. Notices of motion having been given, tho Benediction was pronounced, and Synod ai jcurned at 9.50 p.m. till Wednesday, June 23, at 3 o'clock. The Presbytery of South Australia. The annual meeting of thia body was hell in tho Class-room of Flinders-street Church on tha forenoon of Tuesday, May 2. Present— The Rev. Professor Davidson, Moderator ; Messrs. Gordon, Lyall, W. Davidson, Law, J. Hender- son, Macbean, Maclaren, Mitchell, and Angus, miiiiiter?; and Meyrs. Murray, Brown, Johnston, Roberttou, Kennedy, and Gooding, elders. Tae pi occedings having been opened with devotional exercises, the minuted of last meeting were rea'i and confirmed. Comtdssions in favour of Metfrs. J. Hawkes and E. Gooding as repre sentative elders from the congregations of Wal iarco and Clare were read, and the names were added to the roll. The Moderator then delivered the; annua1 address. At the close, Professor Davidson nominated a his successor the Rev. P. Vadares, of Por Adelaide, and thia proposal having mot witl unanimous concurrence Mr. Maclaren took th t'hair, and briefly thanked the brethren for th honour conferred upon him. The tlfcvation of Mr. Maclaren to the Mode rater's chair left vacant the otEce of Clerk, which he had held for several years. The Rev. James Lyall was unanimously elected to the office, and at onca entered on ita duties. On the motion of Mr. Macbean, seconded b- Mr. W. Davidson, cordial thanks were taa dered to the retiring Moderator for his valuable address, various member3 taking part in a brio- discussion ou. various points raised by the addicts. The Treasurer's balance sheet was laid on the table, and Me^sis. Robertson and Johuteon werr appointed Auditors. They afterwards reported that it was correct, and that it showod a deficit of £25 1r. Id. The Eftoie Auditors examined the balance-sheet of tho Home Mission Funj and found it correct, it showed a credit balance of £W ]0=. Id. Mr. Lyall read a letter he had received from the Rev. Peter Hop*, ConTeaer of tha Coloni* Committee of tae Free Church, with referenc to the coatof passage aad outfit, of Mr. and Mr-:. Mudio, and st-ited the reply he had given. Th- Pre&bytery; approved of his action. Sir. Lyall reported that in aceordanca witL the instructions of last meeting he went t' Belalie en the ISth March; that he met with those who were desiroia of beiug formed into s. cocgiegation, most of whom had bten previousl} members of Presbyterian Churches. He ad dressed them on the leading principles of Pre* byterianism and upon tha responsibilities of a ChiUtian proftsaion, and by solemn prayer com mended them as a Christian congregation to the care andblesang of the Great Head of the Church. He further reported that on the following day the newly-formed congregation observed tho Lord's Supper, and that he preached morn ir;g and evenbg at the opening of tha new Church at Jame9town, when there were large congregation?, and much interest manifested The report wts approved of, aud Mr. Lyall wa huthorized to take the necessary steps for tha formation of a session. Mr. Eesdkbson gave an interesting account of his recent tour in the Northern Areas, stating bis impretaocs of Ualtnwia aad. Georgetown, in which latter place he f jund that a large propor tion of the Protestant population were Presby terians. He preached at Koolunga twice on SuLcay, April 23, and lectured next eTeaiag to large gathering?. He considered the field there particularly promising. The question aa to the adequate supply of religious ordinances to the Presbyterian settlers in the North was discussed at seme length, and it was felt desirable and nocessory that a quali fied minister should be obtained without delay to labour in the field. Mention was made #f a minister who had recently visited Adelaide on his way to Queensland, who was highly thought cf by the brethren, who had mat him, and who it was believed would be willing to undertake this work. After full consideration it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Lyall, seconded by Mr. GOBDON, that the Rev. P. D. Mitchell be invited to undertake the work of an evangelist in connection with the Presbytery; that he be guaranteed £300 per annum for two years; and that £20 be allowed for passage money from Brisbane. The state of the Home Mission Fund waa next considered, and the necessity of throwing additional energy into the scheme in view of extended operations was urged. It wa3 found that from various causes delay had taken plaoe in ths formation of Congregational Associations. The various ministers were instructed to use diligence in urging tha lubjeot on the attention of the congregations. The Moderator, Messrs. Henderson, Lyall, and Murray were appointed a Committee to watch over the inter«U of the Home Mission scheme. Prof «Mor Davtdboh laid on the table printed copies of the trust-deed of the Aged and Infirm Micifctere' Fond, and reported that the amount now to the credit of the Fund was £697 17*. 6d., which with the donation of £106 from Mr. John Hiddocb, payable in January, and other small ?urns, makes a total of £798 14a. lOd. He thought that with a little effort the Church muht ea41y in the course of next year increase it to £1000, the amount required before it could be operated upon. Cordial thanks were tendered to Pro fessor Davidson for bis efforts in connection with this scheme. Professor Davtesox made a statement of bis present labours in connection with the Adelaide University, and mentioned that those efforts did not in any way interfere with tho diszharge of hu) pastoral duties. Regret was expressed that in consequence of his having been detained in Tasmania the visit of the Rev. J. G. Patoa to thia colony had been delayed. The Committee appointed to prepare a letter to the Pan-Preabyterian Council hid on the table a copy o! tha latter, which they had forwarded to the cate of the Rot. Dr. Dykes, of London. UNION COLLEGE. The report on Union College was received and read. Professor Davidson, Messrs. Macbean, Henderson, G. Young, D. Murray, and T. G. Brown wero appointed to represent the Pres bytery at the meetings of the Committee of the College during the present yeir Mr. Henderson reported that tha circulation of the Independent arid Pre^bi,lc.-iii 13 being mamtaire4, and urged tha mmisters present to eottribute to its column?, as well a3 to interest themselves in furthering its ciruuhiiion. The Committee appointed t ) superintend the students gave a report of tho arraugemeuts they had iijade. Their report was approved. Mr. I tall stated ttat along with Mr. Hcsnder °on he waited upon the Baptii-t Association an i the Wealeyan Conference, and that with Pro fessor Davidson he tendered the greetings of the Piesbytory to the Congrecational Ucioc, and that frrni one and all they met with a most warm reception. MessrE. Gordon and Augus wero appointed to represent tha Prasbytery at the annual meetings of tha various religious bodies during the ensuing year. A letter was read from Rev. J. F. Henderson -requesting that an Asses∨ be appointed to asiist in the election of Elders at Strathaloyn. Mr. Law, of Moutit Barker, was appointed. Mr. ROBEBTSON stated that a manse wa» in course of erection for tho Rev. J. R. Ferguson at GoWen Grove, and a°ked that some assistance might be given to tho object from the Home Mission Fund. After some discussion, it w&s; agreed that while the Presbyteries rejoico in the erection of the paid manse, such an objjet did not come within the scope of the Homa Mission Fund. The annual report on statistics was submitted. The following aro its principal items:— Elders, 40; communicants, 1,280; average attendance, 2,340; Bitting* let, 1,720; S-.bbath-3ch.0ols, 20; teachers, 179; scholars, 1,407: preaching stations, 13; average attendance, 26?; prayei meetings, 1G; average attendance, 245; income, £5,111 10s. 2d. ; missionary a^d benevolent objects, £202 16'. 3d. At 2 o'clock tha Presbytery adjourned. The Presbvtery resumed at 7 p.m.; the Rev. John Macbean Moderator. The Com- mittee reported the result of their elimina tion of Mr. Gray as most satisfactory. Report was received, and Mr. Gray was enoouragei to prosecute his studies. The Committee was in structed to meet with Mr. Mudie, who had been unabie to attend in consequence of illness in his family, at as early a date as possible, and examine him on the subjects prescribed. Mr. Gray read a paper on '?' The Internal Evi dence cf Christianity,' which baviu^ be m criti cised by various members, he was further encouraged to continue his studios. Tha Prasby tery then a Ijorrned to the church for Thb Public Meeting, which was presided over by the Moderator, the Rev. P. Maclaren. There was a numerous attendance. After the usual d&votional; exer cises, lhe Chairman delivered the annual address. The Rev. S. Kmght, as a delegate from the Wefloj.an Conferer.ce, apologized for the absence of his colleague, the Rev. W. P. Wolls, .\nd then expressed the true feelings of brotherly love which were entertained by. the Wesleyan Church to^ard3 Presbyterianism aud the Presbyterians. The* Chairman, iR introducing the Rev. J. Gordon, said be was sure they would all ba glad to bear an address from him on such an impor tant subject as that of the Pan- Presbyterian Council, towards which the eyes of the world were at present fixed. The Her. J. Gordon then addreMed the meeting on 'The Pan« Presbyterian Council' The Rev. J. Henderson also delivered an address on tbo subject of Home Missions aud the Church Extension scheme. Tha Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., aa a delegate from the Congregational Uniuu, ex pressed the true-hearted sympathy which was felt by his Church for PreBbyterianiam. There had never in the history of the colony been any antagonistic feeling between Presbyterianism and Coagrpgationalism, but of late there had been most gratifying evidences of a desire on both sides to become still more closely con nected, and to take a more hearty Christian grip of each other. ( Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. ft. Fletchbb, M.A., followed Mr. Jrfferis in expressing the sympathy of the Corjgregationa! Union for the Presbyterians. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A.. LL.B , aa a deputa tion appointed by the Baptist Association, said he would like to go a step further even than Mr. Fletcher. He did not see why wo should in a new colony like South Australia contemplate a perpetuity in ages to come of the three denomi nations now represented oathat platform. (Heir, bear.) Only let them allow each other full Christian liberty for opicion and practice, and then ho was in favour of their joining absolutely, so that they might, as Mr. Fletcher had said, present a more united front to their coalman aemies. The Rev. T. PlPEB, as the representative of the Bible Christian Church, also expressed fra ternal greetings, and suggested the advisability of the future united Church taking the perfectly unobjectionable name of the denomination of which he was a minister. (Laughter.) The Rev. J. Macbean proposed a vote of thanks to the members of the various deputa tions, and expressed himself muck pleased at the hearty interchange of affection, which he hoped would lead to hearty co-operation and anally end in incorporation. (Hear, hear.) The vcta having been carried by aoclamation, 1 collection waa made in behalf of the Presbytery Fund, and the meeting waa closed in the usual manner. South Australian Baptist Missionary Society. The annual tea and public meetings of the above Association were held in the North Ade laide Baptist Lecture Hall on Wednesday, May 10\. There was a numerous attendance at both gathering*. Mr. A. S. NeOl presided at the public meeting. After singing, an! prayer by Mr. T. Barnes, Mr. 3. Summers, Minuta Secretary, read the following report of the year's labours:— 'The Committee, in reviewing the past year have much pleasure in expressing their thankful ness for the encouraging results which have followed the labours of their agents. Though the number of those who have publicly professed their faith in Christ has not beea groat, it hae yet been larger than in any previous year; and in addition to this, evidences have not been wanting of the spreading influence of divine truth in the decrease of idol-worship and the increasing spirit of enquiry. Thereappearstobeadispoaition to admit the truth of Christianity on the part of many whose hearts, however, an not sufficiently Influenced by ita power to enable them to take up their cross and follow the Master. The difficulties attendant upon the open profession of Christianity in India are indeed such as we can but faintly imagine, and it is probable that there are not a few secret disciples of our Lord. May His grace ba given onto them so aa to enable them to overcome all difficulties and to give up all for Him. During the past year then has also been some improvement financially, the sum of £148 having been remit^d to India. The Committee are, however, far from satisfied with this, and cannot but contrast it with feeling* somewhat akin to shame with the amounts raised by other denominations for similar purposes. They would strongly urge upen the 'hurcbes the necessity for more systematic efforts, especially among tha yoaog people, in raising funds. They 'have authorized Mr. Rouse to incur an expenditure of £200 per annum, to raise which will need more strenuous efforts than have been made during the past year, whilst they have no doubt that were additional funds available they might b j usefully employed in extending the operations of tho Society. It is thought very desirable that the Mission should be provided with a boat of its own, iust^ed of being compelled to hire, as nearly all the travellirg is done by boat 'The Committee therefore suggest that special contributions should be made for this purpose, as the ordinary funds of the Society will not admit of this expenditure. About £30 would bj required for this purpose, The Committee have just learnt with much pleasure that un known even to Mr. Rouse, who auparin tends tha Missies, a cev, and important branch of mission work has been growing up at FurreotJpore, viz., a Medical Mission. Hurruh C. Sandel, though never having formally studied medicine, has tome practical knowledge of it, aud haa a number of persons whom he visits and prescribe? for. He h»s also a pleasant kind w\y of talking, and seems thus to have gained acoesi to a number of families who otherwise would not admit a Christian teacher. Ha seeks to do good to their bodies, and at the same time to teach and commend Christianity to them. ' The object of Medical Missions is twofold — to give a favourable idea of Christian character by showing kindness, and to open the way for speaking of Christ to those who having received relief to their bodies, are more ready to listen to the message of salvation. ' The Committee desire again to express their hearty acknowledgment of the valued labours of Rev. G. H. Rouse in the superintendence of their Mission amidst his outer numerous and arduous duties.' The balance-sheet showed that, including a balance in hand, the income during the past year had been £164 17s.; while the total expen- diture had only reached the sum of £11 6s. Between the last tea and public meetings there had been received £11 16s. 6d.; collection at communion service during Association meetings, £10 18s. 5d.; Sunday -schools, £30 16s. 8d.; Juvenile Associations, £45 1s. 5d. ; subscriptions and donations, £55 12s. 10d. Ihe Rev. L. G. Carter, in moving the adop tion of the report and balanco-3he9t, taid it was i.ow generally recognised that tho more intense the spiritual life among tho Churches at home the more literally would thej support mi-aionary enterprise. He hoped, tberefore, that the Society undor wboso auspicos they were then assembled would soou receive large accessions to its fuiids. The field was a very large ona; in fact, he believed there were two millions of people dependent upon the Sociaty for all their ripi; itual Instruction. ( Applause. ) Tho Rev. W. Clare seconded the motion, and in the course of an earnest address urged the special claims of India and tha importance of Christian Churches in such lands as South Aus tralia liberally contributing towards supporting the establishment and maintenance of Christian missions in heathen countries. Tho Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., moved that the following gentlemen be appointed to the respective oftsea for the ensuing y oar :— Secre taries, the Rsv. M. Lloyd and Mr. S. Summers; Treasurer, Mr. J. Sauerbier; Committee — the Revs. S. Mead, H. J. Lambert, L. G. Carter, and E. F. Kiugdon, and Messr.*. J. L. Paraons, E. 8. Wigg, J. Cumming, B. R. Simpson, W. Hancock, T. Barnes, F. Hann, R. W. Waddy, J. B. Adamscc, C. Birks, and H. Bowen. He referred to Lk recent visit to India, aad gave some interesting particulars aa to the centre of the mission field at Furreodpore. The district for whese spiritual instruction that Society aad the Melbourne Society had toprovideincluded a popu lation of fully 2,000,CC0; but in 1872 the actua1 popu'ation in what they might call their own district cumbered 1,012,559. A great deal was often said of the riches of IndL,; but the fast was that nine^tenths of the people were wretchedly poor, having scarcely the mean3 of obtaining the most scanty livelihood. It wa» the duty of Englishmen now that th«y hid taken In'lia over to supply to tha teemiu^ mi lioLB there a thorough, good educational system aud the Goepel of Jesus Christ in ail its integrity acd power. (Applause.) The Kev. E. F. Kingdom seconded, and in a practical address urged tho claims of tin S -r.ety, ref^rrinc to the many mistakes that had bean nsade during ptist years, and remarking that with the benefit of past experience and increased faith and sympathy, missionary enterprise would yet be carried on with still mere blessed results. (Applause.) A collection amounting to £7 18s. 2d. was D&de; during the oouree of the meeting, which wu closed with praye? by the Rev. L. Q. Carter. The North-East Adelaide Biblb Missiox. Tb-? ninth annual report of tha Biblewoaaaa's miss:oo:n North-last Adelaide ha3 been isauad. Apparently a good deal of useful work his bean done : — ' Bibles and periodicals of a religious and moral tone have been sold and distributed in the district; work haa bean found for the unemployed; strangers arriving in the colony have been brought under the nottca of tha Church to which they profess to belong; and cases of sickness and distress have been reported to the Committee and relieved or visited. When accompanying the Biblewomaa through the district, members of the Committee have been gratified to see how warmly eh a ia welcomed in the houses of the poor, and evidently loaltad upon by them aa a friend to whom they could tell their troubles, sure of sympathy and holp.' The Committee add — ' That while they must not abata their efforts in tryirg to rabo the moral and religious tone of those for whom they labour, more attention ought to be given to their sooial well-being. The secret of much of the wretchedness ani im morality with which they have to contend ia found in tha miserable homes of many of the working classes. Bad ventilation, want of clean liness, extravagant and badly-oooked food, and deplorable ignorance of the simplest laws of health are met with on every hand. In order to remedy this, it has been suggested to try an experiment which has worked very success fully in other places, viz., to either build or rent a room to which the Committee could invite the wives and mothers of th* dis trict, and where simple practical lectures or lessons— such aa those delivered by Mrs. Buckton in the manufacturing towns of England — could be given on health, economy, cooking, nursing the tick, lie. Now especially when Buch num bere of our young girls are employed in factories, and ao prevented from learning anything of household management, it behoves to be up and doing, and try by every means in our power to supply the knowledge they lack. They hope to utilize the rocm still further by making it a sort of Club-room for the men, to which they oould go in the evening, where refreshments could be procured, and books, periodicals, and news papers provided; occasionally entertainment* jriveD, such as lectures, singing, recitations, tc' The financial statement shows the year's receipts to have been £60 5i 9d., and the expenditure £57 12s. 4)d. Institution for the Bund and Deaf and Dumb. We hope shortly to see built another large and imposing structure dedicated to an emi nently practical philanthropic purpose. The Board of Management of the South Australian Institution for the R.mdacd Deaf and Dumb have already approved of the designs for a handsome and commodious asylum. Tha present institu tion at Brighton, formerly known as the Grace Darling Hotel, has of late proved far too small to accommodate the increasing number of applicants for admission, and the Board have therefore resolved to aak for aid, and to proceed as early as possible with the erection of a larger, more suitable, and permanent building. By advertisement they state thsir strong desire to begin the new building at once, as 10 applicants for admission from various parts of the colony have already had to be refused owing te insufficient accommodation. In order that no time might be lost, they sone time ago commissioned the Hon. T. Ingoah to furnish a design and draw up plans for the pro posed edifice. The design and plans have been completed, submitted to the Board, and ap proved by them. From an inspection of the plans we can say that when the building is finished it will be a very commodious one, and well adapted for its purpose, besides being an ornament to the dirtrict where it is to be placed, acd a credit alike to the Committee of the in stitution and: the architect who prepared it Before proceeding to a detailed dtaoriptiot of the proposed building it may be stated that the approved design includes a oantre and two wings, but that it is only intended at present to erect the foraer, leaving the wings until there are more funds and a greater need for to exten sive an asylum at would then be available. Ihe elevations are in the Tudor style of gothio architecture. The principle one will front east ward to the Brighton-road, and will be 154 feet long. It will consist of a central building and the end elevations to two wings. The principal elevation to the wings will be to the north aud south, and will each when completed have a frontage 78 feet long. The building throughout will be two stories high, S3 feet 6 inches to tha eaves, and 41 feet 6 inches to apex of gables. The material to be used in the works will be Glau Osmond or Mitcham stone throughout tha bui.' dings c p to plinth level. The superstructure will be of Brighton limestone, with red aad wi.it* brick aid cement dressings. Great economy has been studied in the preparation of the plans and design both for the interior and exterior arrangement* of the building. Tha elevations, though plain, are not devoid of orna mentation, and will with their broken line? produce a handsome facade, and give a good and by no means uuunpoung architectural avpepnuce. Tho central front buildine, which s to be first erected, will include the three prin cipal entrar.eecj to the institution when com pleted, and wi-1 b..va a spacious verandah the full extent. Tho principal entrance ia in the centra, and U intendo i for viators, opening into a hali 44 feet by 10 foet, including the staircase hall. The front po-.tion of the entrance is appro priated fcr a waiting-room, communicating with the central hall and the chief staircase. The principal entrances for the different sexes of ths iLmntea will be at tha north and south ends of the central building, opening into a vestibule 1 1 feet square, from which the corridors, 5 feet 6 inches wide, communicate with the central hall end chief staircase, and also with tha wiugs and staircases for girls and boys, when it miiy become necessary to erect them. Tha accom modation on the ground floor of the central building will consist of a schooolroom 30 feet 6 inches x 16 feet, evening room for inmates 15 feet x 16 feet, and five other rooms 16 feet x 14 faet 6 inches, intended for Board-room, Super intendent's and Mation'a apartments. There are akobatbrooms and all necessary conveniences for officers' quarters. All the rooms on tha ground floor are 15 feet high in the clear. The principal staii casei3 in th& centre of the building, find leads to the central hall on the first floor. It communicates by folding doors with corridors 5 feet 6 inches wide, one side leading to the girls' and the other to the boys' dormitories, lavatories, bathrooms, he. There will also be the asdatant matron's Bleeping apartment on the girls' and the assistant superintendent's sleeping apartment on the boys' side. The rooms on tho first floor will all be 14 feet high in the clear ; two dormitories will be 20 feet 6 inches x 16 feet, and two 23 feet x 16 feet. Ample provision is made for linen closets and presses ia connection with the Superintendent's and Matron'ri apartments on the first floor. Tho central building will provide accommodation for fifty bed*, exclusive of Superintendent's and Matron's apartments. Ou the top of the building tLere are to be largo tanks immediately over the bathrooms, lavatories, and water-closets. These tanks will ba supplied from the roof, but when the rain water fails they will be supplied with water from wells raised up into tho tanks by force-pump?. Ventilation throughout the building is wel 1 provided for by admitting the fre«h air and allowing for the escape of vitiated air by ventilato's and pipes leading to ventiiating turrets on the top of the building. There will b? three ventilating turrets, which will form a pleasing feature to the archi tectural appearance of the building1, thero being a hiiib one in the centra and a centre one on each of the vrint's. Ono of the principal wiahes of the Bjard — viz., tha complete separation of the sexes — has been carefully carried out by the architect. Tu& new buildings will be erected in front of the present one at Brighton, and it may ie added that it is not the intention of tha Board to interfere with the old bui!cing3 in any way, but to rttain them fcr use so long as they can be kept in decent repair. It is estimated that the entire co^t of tbe central building as described Bbove will be £5 000. Towards this sum we un iiaret8D-' that the Coamittee bava in hand £4,000, but as they are desirous of exercising a right they have of purchasing the building and property now occur ied by them, a considerable additional sum will be required even before the work now proposed can be taken in hand. Kapukda Hospjtal and Duwdh Park.— It is reported by the lecal Herald that at a late Com. mittee meeting; it was announced that Mr. B. M Bagot had promised to subscribe £50 (on behalf cf the Bagot family) towards the funds of the Hoepital/and that Mr. Townsend, M.P., had offered to deliver a lecture on behalf of the funds of the Hospital. The offer was accepted. Those appointed to collect subscriptions in the wards of the town save in their lists, and it was roughly estimated that something like £100 would be the amount collected, which was con sidered satisfactory. Mr. Sabben reported that the title to Dutton Park was still incomplete, but he hoped to have it completed during tha coming week. With reference to tho Park it waa resolved that the property be vested In the Corporation of Kapunda ; that the management be in the hands of eight subBcribers,.to be elected annually by the subscribers, together with the Mayor and the f-enior Councillor of each Ward in the Town of Kapunda; that an annual subscriber of 5a. should be entitled to one vote, but that no subscriber should be entitled to more than four votsa, a donor of £5 5s. to be entitled to one vote for life, but no donor of whatever amount to be entitled to more than four votes; and also that no person be entitled to more than four votes in the aggregate; and that the Committee have power to make Euch regulations as may ba desir able for keeping the grounds open to the public, for the exclusion of persona guilty of misconduct, for closing the grounds at night, and for the appointment of special occasions on whioh an entrance-fee, may be required. Wesleyan Methodism. — The foundation stone of a Wesleyan Church was laid at Yahl, in the Mount Gambier District, on Wednesday, April 26, by Mrs. C. Fidler, who was presented with a trowel, level, and mallet on the occasion. A number of donations were hud on the founda tion-atone, after which an adjournment was made for the public tea. This was held in the Yahl hop store, and a large number aaaembled to partake of the good things provided by the ladies of Yah! The public meeting waa held in the evening in the hop store, Mr. S. T. Webb, of Mount Gambier, presiding. The Watch learns that the total pecuniary results of the day— donations and collections— amounted to nearly £30, whioh will be devoted to the Trust Funds of the new church. New Weslsyak Chabkl.— At Maitland the new Wesleyan Church was lately opened by the Rev. Mr. Casely, of Moonta, who preached three sermons to large congregations, Subsequently a tea meeting was well attended, and at a public gathering Mr. £. H. Derrington, J.P., of Mocnta, presided. The Revs. B. G. Bailey (Congregitionalist), R. Kelly, Caaely, and T. M. Rowe (Wesleyan), and Mr. W. H. Wilkinson, of Lyndoch Valley, delivered excellent addresses. Mr. H. lAmshed, J.P., read a financial state ment, whioh was highly satisfactory, showing that there was a debt of only £350 on a building that oost £900. The church, which ia handsome and commodious, reflects credit on Mr. H. C. Hick, the contractor for the mason work, and Meura. Swaan k Simeon, who did the wood work. The rostrum and seats, the latter very comfortable, ar» of polished cedar, and the whole structure would be an ornament to any town in the colony. The proceeds of the opening services and tea meeting were £26. The choir sang excellent melodies. Towards the close of the meeting aa exoellent writing-desk was presented to toe Bsv. Mr. Rowe by Mr. Lamshed on behalf of the ladies of the congre gation. Mr. Rowe was lately in charge of the Circuit, and had been largely instrumental in raising such a fine structure. During his stay he won th* esteem of his co-religioniits. Mr. Rowe feelingly responded, and hoped his successor, Mr. Kelly, would meet with the same share of HHnt— from th* Wesleyan body that he had don*. Thi Jhkbbutib' Rktmat.— A meeting of th* Committo* of tbe South Australian Inebriates' Retreat at Belair was held at Messrs. D. k W. Murray's office, King William-street, Adelaide, on Tuesday, April25, at noon— present, | Mr. J. B. Asgaa, M.P., Chairman; Mr. W. C. fiuik, Trtafaiw; Mtsan. J. CouomU, H. Giles, J. Gordon, J. Tasker, tbe Secretary, and 'William/ the Superintendent of the Bush men's Club. Th* Treasurer reported that an estate of more than 80 acres, lately belonging to Mr. George Fife Angas, had been transferred to the institution and the deeds executed. Mr. G. P. Acgas had forwarded a cheque for £750, thus bringing up bis donation to the munificent Bum of £1,000. He sent the mesaage that tho Com mittee had his warmest sympathy and best wishes for their success in endeavouring to raise the fallen. He should have liked to be preeent had it been possible to express this himself, but weakness prevented this A cheque waa also handed in from Mr. J. EL Angaa, M.P., for £250, making £509 subscribed by that gentleman. Mr. Buik reported that the gross amount of subscriptions received to thia date was jE3,200, thus putting the Committee in a position to claim the £3,000 promised by the Scuth Australian Government. The Committee being desirous of at once getting to work, it was resolved that a prize of £50 be offered for tho best design for buildings suitable for their work. It ia intended to expend about £4,000, the requirements being somewhat as follows:— Large centre hall, dining-room for first class, large kitchen, iic , dining-room for second-class and servanta, dormitories for 10 fir-t class patients and 20 second-class, sitting acd bed rcom for Superintendent, detached cookirg-houao, storeroom, washhouse, and two strong rooms for refractory patients, bathB, &c;, earth closets, large underground tank. The building ia to be two storeys high, and arranged for extending the accommodation at a future time. The entire structure when complete will accommodate about 60 persona of both sexes and all classes by the addition of new dormito ries. The total coat will be about £6,000. The Kev. J. G. Paton.— Thia Presbyterian missionary has arrived from Aniwa, in the New Hekrides, acd will hold a series of services in connection with, the missions of his Church. New Komak Catholic Church.— The foun dation-stone of a church dedicated to St. Bridget was laid by Bishop Keynolda at Mount Hardwicke, near Yorketown, lately. Bis Lordship delivered an impressivo address from 2nd Kings, \ii., 13-14, con trasting the present condition of Yorke'a Peninsula with that of ten years ago when tho first foundation-atone of a Roman Catholic place of worship waa laid by him, since which time ho had had the pleasure of performing a similar ceremony ten times on the Peninsula. The spectators numbered about 120, and would hive been far more numerous but for ur favourable weather. Those present, however, subscribed £130 on the spot— a fact which speaks well for the prosperity and liberality of the settlers. The building will measure in length 50 foet, width SO feet, and height 15 feet, and is to be finished in the Gothic style at an estimated cost of £500. St.Peteb's Cathedral.— a Cathedral Aid Association has been just formed to assist in pro viding for the due fiii-nishing and completion of thein tenor of St. Peter's Cathedral and supplying choirmen and choristers for the greater services. The subscription for adults is to be 5s., and for youths la.; and it is intended to invite the co-operation of ladies. An advertisement give3 the names of the Committee. Dean BusseLL has received by this mail a letter from Messrs. Wailee, of Newcastle, informing him that the Colley Memorial Window is completed, and wDl be sent out by the next mail. Anglican Chubch at Port Pimb.— It has been decided to build a Church of England at Port Pirie, operations to be bagun forthwith. The proposed structure will measure 25 x 35. Hospital for Narracoortb.— A meeting was held at the Commercial Hotel, Narracoorte, on Monday, May 8, for the purpose of consider ing tha question of providing a hospital at Narracoorte. Mr. H. J. Smith, S.M., presided. A Committee was appointed to communicate with the Government on the Bubject. Mr. Limber t said he was authorized by Mr. Prankerd to offer any allotment on North terrace for the ereotion of an hospital, and said ho had no doubt that if the locality was not ap proved of Mr. Prankerd would give a piece of land in another part of the town. 