THE " IAUNTED HOUSE, oR HE SHADOW AT RIVER HALL. r Mns. 3. H. RIDDELL, AUTHOn or A LIFL'S Assmas, aonos GrITn, &c.; CHAPTER II (CONTINUED). THE CORONEt'S INQUEST. MRS. ELMSDALE was a beauty, and a martyr; Mr. Elmsdale a rough beast, ge: r had no capacity of ever dovoloping ,a prince. Miss Blake was a model et ,isterly affection, and if ecceontrio in I'.r manner, and bewildering in the -agaries of her accent, well, most Irish eople, the highest in rank not excepted vero the same. SConsidering the nature of Mr. Elms iale's profession, Miss Blake had pos libly somne reason to complain of the extremely unprofitable manner in which ole cut up. He was described as a Idirty money- lender-" Heaven only knows how he drifted jn0to his occupation; few men, I imagine, elect such a trade, though it is one hicl seems to exercise an enormous ascination to those who adopt it. Tho only son of a very small builder ho managed to leave a few hundred ounds behind him for the benefit of hnsdalo, then clerk in a contractor's lice,o had seen enough of the Sxieties connected with his father's usiness to wash his hands of bricks and E ertar. Be thislu as It may, one thing is cer Sin-by the time Elmadale was thirty i had established a very nice little nnection amongst needy men : whole reets were mortgaged to him ; tor irces, nominally the property of some well-to-do builder, were virtually his, aisoo he only waited the well-to-do 1butilder's inevitable bankruptcy to enter .nto possession. Heo was not a sixty rer cent man, always requiring somet 'ery muoch better security than a name =efore parting with his money.; but h.ill even twenty per cent usually means fin, and, as a matter of course, most of l, I1ulaale ollents ranohod'--tLab oasant goal. There were exeooptions, of course. meno men, by the help of exceptional rvd.od fortune, rogery, or genius, managed I$got out of Mr. Elmsdale's hands by otther paths than those leading through od? silghall or Portugal Streets; but n, y merely proved the rule. N?otably amongst these fortunato per )ns may be mentioned a Mr. Harrispn Sad a Mr. Harringford-'Arrison and 4 nil5r0ord as Mr. Emsdale called 1, when he did not'lG "_u..t+hsmLVa [0fijIwe Haitohee. f these, the first-named, after a few sactions, shook the dust of Mr. S?sdalo's oflice off his shoes, sent him TOOnoney he owed by his lawyer, and after referred to Mr. Elmsdalo -as , Mint scoundrel, that old Jew, that Iligegdling old vagabond,"' and so forth. then hard words break no bones, r ir. Harrison was not very well or7 ght of himself. Ps ! .r. Harringford andMr.Elmsdalo had .doing business together for years, JG. ,rything he possessed in the world," fated to an admiring coroner's jury .moned to sit on Mr. Elmsdale's yy and enquire into the cause of that incl tleman's death-" everything he pos Sirsed in the world he owed to the de 1d. Some people spoke hardly of but his experience of Mr. Elms Io enabled hinm to say that a kinder ing ted, juster, honester, or better is ipled man never existed. He ed high interest, certainly, and he eted to be paid his rate: but, then, was no deception about the mat ?RO if it was worth a borrower's while nd ,hko money at twenty per cent, why, was an end of the matter. Buss otmen'are not children," remarked at Harringford, "and ought not to ow money at twenty per cent unless can make thirty per cent out of it. Soally, he had never paid Mr. I thdale more than twelve and a half ch fteen per cent; but, then, their setions were on a large scale. the day before Mr. Elmsdalo's S-ho hesitated a little over the ,and became, as the reporters said, e' td"-he had paid him twenty and pounds. T'ho deceased told a." he had urgent need of the money, t considerable inconvenience he the amount. If the question pressed as to whether he guessed tIhat purpose the sum was urgently 1, he would answer it, of course; Imes a suggested that it should not be .nAt d, as it was likely to give pain to who were already in a terrible ring which, the jury pricked up ,n Sl ears, and.tlhe coroner's quriosity l so intense that he experienced ifileulty in saying, calmly, that, hed object of his sitting there was i t the truth, however much hs i regret causing distress to any I, Io must request that Ip', Herring. ford, whoso scrupi aner A would keep back .- o is throw light upon th li \ urs Having no lterns '';i t un to unbarden hlise!f r. f" Harringford stated Ihi e. j ceased had been a bew t. Mr. Harringford, hay at sc place with some friendso . hs dale on the race-couS ng astonishment at meetingim t r. Ehnlmsdale stated ho had i d er a client of his who ho te g wrong. He said he did i are to do business with a bes i. In the course of subsequen l?'.ti-f;an however, he told the nit I. !." some money on the favo c Aa frequently .proves .-..i ie; favourite failed to come t... was all Mr. Harringford Ib ?i, th matter. Mr. Elhnsdale n e? u t how much he had lost---it ir: . referred again, except itq ,'.l t o, to their meeting. Ho sl , - that he must lave mnoskIii( l at immediately; if the whole iIf at all events. The witness B a ever, he could moere easil e larger than '.' a,.:" ,- s re had been a liitl uiinloasa 5 tween him and Mr. l'31i.le * e forence to the dtl'mand moide f ty so suddenly and so p.!"re:'ptoril. i bitterly regretted hi ig ev a moment forgotten wi;', was s so kind a friend. l - _ He knew of no r 'oi 1 . y why Mr Elmsdale shol I .' mittod suicide. He wJ'B ( eminently a cautious l 11 Harringford had always l A I to b wealtlihy; in aect, lhel I i.l to be a man of great proei the death of his wife, he 1I I 'I, noticed a great change in Is . : i: it never'crossed the witne' , his brain was effected. i *''i Miss Blake, who had t postponed giving her ovince, :) count of the way she'was set, wip able to tell a sympathetioc y and1 coroner all she knew-of tlhnattelr "Indeed," she 'bega| ' Ro Elmsdale had never been ft siee l since her poor sister's dcat| he mo about, and would sit for h? an hou a time, doing nothing butsioing faded bit of the dining-roo crpet Ho took no interest in lythiinh.' he wsa asked any questiol.hboust garden, he would say, " ;at loit matter ? she cannot see i ow." \ " Indeed, my lord," saiitliss ]73i in the agitation probably ssifounj coroner with the chief justi ";it just pitiful to see' the creat(n t' sure his ways got to be hiearts.rakjl " After my sister's death,"ill1| resumed, after a pause, devoted byli self, the jury, and the coroner t s mont, "RLobort Elnnsdalo gavninj office in London, and brought is 4s noes homo. 1 do not know wh'hd I this He would not, had shle lili' ing, because he always kept -hi tr' well out of her sight, poor mane -whsas-ohweo*za--s oaimU. o.f it, naturally. It pluce to say he shouldn't liked iin hii own od5,-as the excitement of building r ',s-.o:!, and quarelling with the Hui; .ind swearing at the men, was g?a.! s p He made a fireproof place fr :l ior, and he fitted up the office like a ry, and bought a beautiful largible, covered with leather; and no- tj have gone in would think thii :.ry,; used for business. He ha-'i key carpet on the floor, una' ci .-:la: slipped about on castor ; i.,) r,,: rei! a covered way into tul road, a a "'onarat entrance for itself, so thone e-»m ...in". 'I, it.: io went ,i"'wthoe casie in. Ho kept "is anairi sei oc the grave." as " No," in answer to thile coron began to think Miss Blake's n o would never come to an end. e no shot; none of us did; we slop from that part of the house; bu restless that night, and could no and I got up and looked out river, and saw a flare of light on thought it odd he was not gone but toolek little notice of the matte couple of hours more, when it w; getting grey in the morning. j looked out again, and still se~i . light, slipped on a dressing-ws~ I and my slippers, and ran downste.1 tell him he would ruin his healthdo,g did not go to bed. " When I opened the door I see nothing; the table stood be me and him; but the gas wa fi away, and as I went round to i I came anoross him lying on the] never occurred to me he wa thought he was in a fit, an l to unloose his cravat; then Ife had gone. " The pistol layon tho i aid him-and that," fihished 3I , iii all I have to tell." When asked if she hadwt of his losing money by . answered it was not likely ell her anything of that kind. SHo ahlways kept his tw ,' himself," she affirmed, "as oljfIt most men." lo In answer to other ,t ja stated ahs never beard of' i8, busiw business; there was plentyt always to be had for the , was liberal enough though pit al liberal latterly, as befor;(,v death ; she did'nt know an tl fo state of his affairs. Likely ~? could toll them all about the , . ° Mr. Craven, however, proe f r to do so. To the best of A" Mdr. Elmsdalo was in very ease ; stances. He had transacted. i' amount of business for him, i any involving pecuniary loss or' : he should have thought him man in the world to run-into-a as betting; he had no doubt i dale's death affected him di. . Hd said more than once to it were not for the sake of his ?N should not care if he died thae 11 of which, justifying the jury in ruing a verdict of "suicide while of und mind," they expressed their nimous opinion to that eflect-thus ving the family tho condemnation of de se," remarked Miss Blako. The dead man was buried, the churob rvice read over his remains, the house ld was put into mourning, tho blinds ere drawn up, the windows flung open, nd the business of life taken up once nore by the survivors. CHAPTER Il. OURl LAST TENANT. IT is quite competent for a person so to manage his affairs, that, whilst under standing all about them himself, another fiuds it next to impossible to make head or tail of his position. Mr. Craven found that Mr. Elmsdale had effected this feat; entries there were in his books, intelligible enough, perhaps, to the man who made them, but as so much IHbrew to a stranger. One thing was clear, viz., that he had since his marriage, spent a very large sum of money ; spent it lavishly, not to say foolishly, Indeed, the more closely Mr. Craven looked into affairs, the more satisfied le felt that Mr. Elmnedale had committed suicide simply because he was well-nigh ruined. Mortgage-deeds Mr. Craven hims had drawn up, were nowhere to Q found; neither one sovereign of the money Mr. Ilarringford paid be dis covered. Miss Blako said she believed " that Harringford had never paid at all"; but this was clearly proved to be an error of judgement on the part of that impulsive lady. Not merely did lIarringford hold the receipt for the money and the mortgage-deeds cancelled, but the cheque he had given to the mortgageo bore the endorsement 'b:nrt Ehnsdale" ; while the clerk -he cashed it stated that Mr. Elmsdale presented the order in person, and that to him he handed the notes. Whatever he had done with the money, no notes were to be found; a diligent search of the strong room pro diuced nothing more important than the discdovery of a cash box containing three hundred pounds; the title deeds of River Hall-such being the modest nanme by whiclr Mr. Elmsdaloe had elected to have his residence distinguished; the leases relating to some smail cottages near Barnes ; all the letters his wife h?d ever written to him ; two locks of .?er hair, one given before marriage, the i'her cut after her death ; a curl severed froe, the head of my "baby daughter;" quantities of receipts-and nothing SllOr(. - oI wonder he can rest in his grave,". ,id Miss Blake, when at last she began to realize, in a dim sort of way, the position of affairs. According to the River Hall servants' version, Mr. Elmsdalo did anything rather than rest in his grave. About the time the new mourning had been altered to fit perfectly, a nervous house maid, who began perhaps to find the house dull, mooted the question as to hUa at.jr walked"' it in a fortnight it was decided in olcmn'conelave that master did; and :.,ther, that the place was not what it sad been; and moreover, that in the future it was likely to be still less like what it had boon. Long before Mr. Craven had satisfied himself tlhat his client's estate was a very poor one, the River Hall servants, one after another, had given notice to leave-indeed, to speak more accurately, they did not give notice, for they left; and before they left they took care to baptize the house with such an exceedingly bad name, that neither for love nor money could Miss Blake get fresh " hel;p' to stay in it for more than twenty-four hours. First one hou.amaid was taken with the shivers ;" then the cook had " the troubles ;' then the coachman was pro parel to take his soloemn affidavit, that one night long after everyone in the ,Ub,';TO HIS IKNOWLEDLOE was in bed, be "co from his room above the stables a ligif shining on the Thames, and the !guns of one or more a passing and a rI cpae;ing across the blind." More than lthis;a now page-boy declared that, on a dertain evening, before he had been told there was anything strange about the house, he heard the door of the passage lInding from'the library into the side. rba. slam violently, and looking to see who had gone out by that unused on. trance failed to perceive sign of man, woman, or child, by the bright moon ghlt. Moved by some feeling which he ofesed himself unable to " put a e ," he proceeded to the door in i n., and found it barred, chained, ?d bolted While he was standing ondering what it meant, its noticed he light as of gas shining from under neat the library door; but when hbe oftly turned the handle and peeped in, the room was dark as the grave, and "like cold water seemed running down his back." Further, he averred, as he stole away into the hall, there was a sound followed hint as between a groan and a cry Hearing which statement, an impres? sioned charwoman went into hysterics, and had to be recalled to her senses by a dose of gin, suggested and taken strictly as a medicine Finally, Miss Blake's establishment was limited to an old creature almost doting and totally deaf, the advantages of whvse presence might lhave been considered problematical; but, thleo, as Miss Blake remarked, " she was some bodly." " And now she has taken fright," pro ceeded the lady. " low anyone could mlako her heer this story, tlb Lord in leven only' knows; and if' there was to see I em sure she is far too ;: . ? ,; but she Eaya that she F?ho does no "lant to seo 5 aia till sihi?-'lFlead her lK 1-:-, . , 1' I hiive got a tenant for the house the moment you like to say you will like to leave it," said Mr. Craven, in reply. "-lie cares for no ghost that was over manufactured. lie has a wife with a splendid digestion, and several grown up sons and daughters, They will seen clear up the shadows, and tiler father is willing to pay two hundred and fifty pounds a year." " We'll go," interrupted Miss Blake; "but it is hard lines-not that anything better could have been expected from Robert Elmsdalo." " Ah I dear, Mtiss Blake, the poor fel loss is dead. Remember only his virtues and let his faults rest." " I sha'nt have much to burden my memory with then," retorted Miss Blake and departed. Hoer next letter to my principal was dated from Rouen; but before that reached Buckingham Street, our troubles had begun. For some reason best known to him self, Mr. Treseby, the good-natured country squiro possessed of a wife with an excellent digestion, at the end of two months handed us half a year's rent, and requested we should try to let the house for the remainder of his term, he in case of our failure, continuing amen able for the rent. In thfs course of the three years we scoureP?eight tenants, and as from each a psrfit in the way of forfeit accrued, we has not to trouble Dr. Tresoby for any more money, and were also enabled to remit some small bonuses-which came to her, Miss Blake assured us, as godsends-to the Continent. After that the place stood vacant for a time. Various care. takers wore eager to obtain the charge of it, but I only remember one who was not eager to leave. That was a night-watchman, who never went home except in the daytime, and then to sleep, and he failed to understand why his wife, who was a pretty, delicate creature, and the mother of four small children, should quarrel with her bread and butter, and want to leave so fine a place. aio argued the matter with her in so practical a fashion, that the nearest magistrate had to be elected umpire between them. The whole story of the place was repeated in court, and the night-watch man's wife, who sobbed during the entire titeo she stood in the witness box, made light of her black eye and numerous bruises, but said, " Not if Tim murdered her, could she stay alone in the house another night" To prevent him murdering her, he wds sent to gaol for two months, and Mr Craved allowed her eight shillings a week till Tim was once more a free man wyhn he absconded, leaving his wife and ohildron chargeable to the parish. S A poor nervous creature," said MIr. Craven, who would not believe that whore gas was any house could be ghost ridden. " We must readly try to loc'the house in enar':se." And ste diid try, and we did let over and over again, alyays'with a likoresult, lill at length lr.' Craven said to me :. '. Do you know, Patterson, I really am growing very uneasy about that house on the Thames. I am afraid that some evil-disposed person is trying to keep it vacant." " It certainly is very strange,:' was the only remark I felt capable of making. Weo had joked so much about the house amongst oursohes, and ridiculed Miss Blake and her troubles to such an extent that the matter bore no now aspect for any of us juniors. "If we are not soon able to lot it,'. went on Mr. Craven, "I shall advise IMiss Blake to auction off the furniture and soell'the place. We have not always San uninhabited house haunting our of fices, Pattorfop!." I shook my head in grave assenit, bu all the time I was thinking the day when that house ceased to haunt our offices, would be a very dreary one for the wags amongst our clerks. " Yes, 1 certainly shall advise Miss Blake to sell," repeated Mr. Craven, slowly. " Why not advise her now ?" I asked. " Ah I my boy," he answered, " life is very short, yet it is long enough to have no need in it for hurry." The same day, Colonel Morris ap peared in ouroffice. Within a fortnight that gallant officer was our tenant; within a month, Mrs. Morris, an exceed ingly fine lady, with grown-up children, with very young children also, with nyahbs, with native servants, with Eng lish servants, with a list of acquaintances such as one may read of in the papers the day after a Queen's drawing-room, took possession of the Haunted House, and, for about three months, peace reigead in our dominions. 'lif Colonel was delighted with the placnghe kindly called to say; so wig' Mrs, aibrris; so were the grown-up sons and daughters of Colonel and Mrs. Morris; and so, it is presumed, were the infant branches of the family. Colonel Morris had marrigd a woman who was not always easy to please; but River HEall did please her, as was natural, with its luxuries of heat ease, convenience, large rooms opening one out of another, wide verandahs overlook ing the Thames, staircases eany of ascent; baths, hot, cold, and shower; a sweet, pretty garden, conservatory with a door leading into it from the spacious hall, all exceedingly cheap at two hundred pounds a year. Visitors came and visitors went, car ridges appeared in shoals, and double knocks were plentiful as blackberries. A fresh leaf had evidently been turned over at River 1all, and the place meant to give no more trouble for over to Mtise Blake, or Mr. Craven, or anybody. So, as I havsaiid, three months passed Wheon one kno-orning, as I was going ou in ocEmz to send a parcel off to MIrs. Cae-w'ie ho should I meet coming nanting s't o stairs but Miss Blake I "Is '.;, Patterson ?" she gaspod? I esur 6t wm( I im the fesh, audi (Np. intimated my astonislhment at seeing her in hers. " Why, I thought you were in France, Misq Blake," I suggested. " Thatl' whore I have just come from," she said. " Is Mr. Craven in?" I told her he was out of town, and asked: " Won't you walk into Mr. Craven's office, Miss Blake ?" " Now, I wonder," she said, " what good you think walking in the oflico will do me I" Nevertlheless, she accepted the invi tation. I have, in the course of years, seen many persons sulffering from heat, but I did never see any human being in such a state as Miss Blake was that day. (To on CONTINUED). 