THE "WESLEEUST ^CSOJJEERElfCE. SIXTH DAY, MONDAT, JAHTTABY 31. The Revs. J. Bickford and G. W. Patchell, M.A., were requested to prepare an obituary notice of the late Rev. M. Wilson, to be inserted in the Minutes of the Conference. A telegram which was received on Saturday from the President -of the Victoria Conference, announcing tbat the Rev. J. W. Crisp had been appointed to South Australia in exchange for th9 Bev. W. L. Binks, was read. The Bev. R. S. CASELY read a draft of the Pastoral Address, which, after a brief conversation on some of the topics it dealt with, was adopted, subject to a few slight emendations. DEPUTATION KBOM 'CHURCHES. A deputation, consisting of delegates from the Presbyterian, Congregational, and Baptist Churches of South Australia attended the session of the Wesleyau Conference on MoBday, January 31. The object .was to «onvey to the Conference fraternal greetings, and a hearty wish for continued prosperity of Wesleyau Methodism. The deputation was introduced by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, Secretary of the Conference, Tbe Presbytery was represented by the Revs, J. Lyall and J. Henderson ; the Baptist Association by the Bev. S. Mead, M. A., LL.B., and Mr. G. & Fowler ; and the Congregational Union by the Bev. J. McEwin. The President of the Con. ference, the Rev. W. P. Welle, welcomed the deputation, and heartily reciprocated their good wishes, and his remarks were endorsed by the Bevj. J. Bickford, ex-President, and S. Knight. Special condolence was expressed in reference to the decease of the Rev. Matthew Wilson. AFTERNOON SESSION. The case of the Rev. W. H. Pollard was resumed. He requested that the resolution of Saturday might be read, which was as follows : —" That Mr. Pollard is deemed inadequate to the requirements of our itinerant work on account of heart disease. The Conference deeply sympathises with brother Pollard, and will keep him on trial if he desires it." He then said that while he should be unwilling to remain on probation for an indefinite period, he should be very willing to do so for another year, or even longer if necessary. Since his illness, for the last 16 months he had been actively engaged, and he believed that he was stronger now than a year ago. His whole heart was in the work of preaching the Gcspel, and he hoped he might be permitted to continue in that employment. Heveral ministers expressed their deep sympathy with Mr. Pollard in his affliction. It was Btated that in view of the trying character of the work the Conference could not take the responsibility of appointing him to a Circuit without his full concurrence, but as it was his wish it was resolved that he remain on trial another year. A few verses of the solemn hymn " Come let us join our friends above" were then sung, the Rev. T. LLOYD engaged in prayer, and the PRESIDENT introduced the subject of the loss the Connexion had sustained in the death of the Bev. M. Wilson. He read a letter written by the deceased minister on Saturday morning, in which he spoke of suffering from a slight sonstroke, but believed the effects were passing away, and prayed God's blessing might rest on the Conference. They might imagine the shook which he experienced on learning only a few hours after receiving the letter that its writer had already oeased from his labours. He hoped they would all learn from the incident to preach as dying men to dying men. The obituary notice read by Mr. PATCHELL contained the following references to the departed minister's oharacter— " Mr. Wilson possessed a cheerful and ami&ble; disposition. He lived a holy life, and maintained an unblemished reputation. The simplicity of his character and eminently devotional spirit by which he was characterized secured for him general admiration, affection, and respect." Mr. BLCKPORD said that the portrait was by no meanB overdrawn. Their departed friend was a mail of God, full of faith and the Holy Ghost. He hoped that tbe influence of his exemplary life and happy death would long be felt by his younger brethren. Mr. BIGG said he had learned to esteem Mr. Wilson for the sake of his character, and to love him as a father. He was one of tbe good men who were so scarce in the world. His nature was so far removed from fretfulness that intercourse with him was a delight. Mr. GOLDSMITH said that the peace of mind to which Mr. Bigg referred was not so much the result of constitutional temperament as of a holy life. Mr. BUBGESS stated that he remembered Mr. Wilson's arival in the oolony 22 years ago, and -the impression prodnced upon |him by the spirituality of his character and the praverfulcess of his habits. A remarkably devotional spirit was one of his mo3t distinguishing characteristics. Mr. BINES felt that a singularly beautiful character, one of those which -were the light of the world, had been taken away. He could not but mention the home piety exhibited by their sainted brother and his invariable readiness to serve the Church. Similar testimonies were borne by other ministers. It was arranged that a funeral sermon should be preached by the President of the Conference on Wednesday evening, in Pirie- street Church. Ou account of a meeting of the Prinoe Alfred College Committee the Conference adjourned at 4 o'clock. 