NAUSEATING NOVELTIES ; Ob, an Unfair Bill of Fabh. Mb. Punch— Sl», — ERIPATETICISING along George-street the other day, joyously luxuriating in the unwonted possession of a fiver, I debated for some few minutes on the desirability of dining ; and having tried most of the vaunted restau rants of the city, I thought that for once I would do the grand by doing a dinner at the " Royal." Changing my flimsy at the bar, getting a little sherry and bitters together with four pound nineteen shillings and sixpence (what a lot to write and what a little to spend, for a whole week), I thought, I strolled in to the Salle a Manger, hung up my hat, and threw my self (I do not exactly know how, but I am sure I always see that expression in novels, &c.;), into a chair, and in a most angelic and amiable temper with myself and all the world, resolved upon following the tenets of Epicurus. I blandly called for the carte. 'Tis brought. At first glance, horror! Lo, right on the top appeared in letters gigantic, the name of the hatter who tiles this humble roof, whose Paris nap is, as you know, the envy of the corner, and part of the millstone of debt that keeps your friend from floating buoyantly adown life's stream (isn't that a line from some pantomime ?) Apprehensive that the " Bill of Fare " might resolve itself into a bill of parcels, which to me ever appears a " bill of pains and penalties," I somewhat quailed (I don't mean I ate quails), but stoically bearing up, I midly asked the waiter who was dodging about in the senseless manner peculiar to waiters, for some " Jullien." So much was I unstrung, or I should have demanded oysters with pre cision. I ventured to look at the obnoxious paper again, and found it to be a veritable " Bill of Fare," but " how are the mighty fallen." This noble vehicle of intelligence to the brain and imagination, in creasing our pleasure by anticipation, was degraded into a rascally sneaking pocket-picking advertising medium. Perhaps some of the advertisers may be innocent, harmless persons, who, living upon felt hats, cork soles, or pianoforte wires, are unable to comprehend the ills they may unwittingly inflict on a delicate digestion by the un timely interposition of their ads. In close proximity with the soups there was an advertisement giving me in expanded type, which seemed at the moment cur(r)iously seasoned with curry that the Echo was an evening paper : senseless information, for were not the little urchins yelling the 'fact in the streets at the very moment ? Perhaps the proprietor was sitting next me — horrid thought— as I was mouth-cooling my Jullien, for do not its columns daily dish up the fact that he resides, a la grand Seigneur or Maitre d'Hotel, at this grandest of hotels with the infra dig. bill of fare ? But is that any reason why the fact must be thrust down my throat with my. soup, or up my nose with the fumes thereof? I tried conclusions with the solemn waiter to make out his face as he tried to make out mine on ordering stewed duck (without cham pignons — a grave omission Monsieur Maitre de Cuisine!); for who could help looking as crusty as a game pie, a la Jackanapes, when one finds that some jackanapes or other has been turning a pleasantly inviting "Bill of Fare" into a tasteless, an insipid, nay, positively a nauseating nuisance of an advertising medium. Perhaps, even he lives by worrying me, and makes a profit out of the advertisements which he obtains and which he is permitted to print on these unfair bills of fare for the price of his rooms, his tucker, and a small consideration. There they are — down the sides, through the middle, and up again ! Turkey, a 1' Alderman, is to be chagrined with perfumery ; marengo pudding, to be made indigestible by means of dentistry ; dessert, to be deserted with seven league boots ; and even the cheese must be flavoured with the taste of tobocco. There they are, — all of them. Really, Mr. Wilshire, this is very infra dig. for our leading hotel; and, really, Mr. Punch, Sir, I object in toto, (gouty or not), to this modern innovation of uncivil American civilization. I object to have advertisements with my coffee, my potted meats, my poached eggs, or my potage. I will not have nostrums stuffed up my nostrils, or wea risome wares wormed down my wizzen by advertisements. Let the advertising Frankenstein of the day confine itself to its legitimate lati tude. I give it latitude enough. I read my papers, and make no bones at swallowing bolus and bogus adwertisements, stuck in every conceivable corner, and in every " questionable shape " that human ingenuity can devi; e. I ride or walk— Hawkes's or Shanks's ponies through the streets, and break no bones when I see the monstrously ghoulish ghosts of ponderous and perplexing placards that cover every hireling hoarding. I step even gingerly over the paving-stones paraded with pet puffs ; I masticate living sandwiches ; I endure — murmur- ingly — being covered with an Alpine avalanche of dingy documents, showered in at the door of my omnibus just when I thought I had escaped the keen merry eyes of those sweet De Crazy Green girls, and whose attention is now, of course, disgustingly and undisguisedly directed towards me ; — all this I am content to suffer, Mr. Punch, but I will not have my digestive crgans disorganised and my mental organs (whatever they are) agonised by a running accompaniment of commentative advertisements to my meals. Mr. Punch, — I call upon you, Sir, to aid me in consigning this greedy monster to the kitchen, where let him be spitted, spitchcocked, or spat upon. — I am, Mr. Punch, Sir, yours, savagely, A. Hungry Hunter. P.S. — I have omitted to mention that, disgusted with the effect of these wretched abortions on my appetite, quite regardless of the puzzled look of the imperturbable waiter, I strode majestically from the room, forgetting — quite intentionally, I assure you — to pay for the dinner I had eaten, but didn't enjoy ; for when the host invites our duns to dine with us, he can never expect the debtor to pay for the dinner, whether it or he is well done or not. — A. H. H. 