INTERCOLONIAL. QUEENSLAND. Bhisban-e, Feduuauy 23. The Supreme Court at Brisbane has been engaged 'with two cases of considerable public moment. The first was an action brought by a cane-grower against a firm of mill-owners in the Logan district, for withhold ing part of the contract price of a large quantity of sugar-cane, which they had bought at a certain price per ton. The leading ground of dispute was that the plaintiff, in order to increase the quantity delivered, or through carelessness, had cut the canes so long that they included a portion of the upper part, the juice of which not only contains little, if any, saccharine matter, but introduces into the boilers other in gredients which prevent the granulation of the sugar. This is an exemplification of one of many fertile sources of difficulty in carrying out generally i the central mill system. There is a natural tendency on each side to make the most out of the arrangement, and, especially among the small powers, there will be an effort at overroaching the other party to the con tract if possible. In the case in question, the plaintiff obtained a verdict for nearly the whole amount of his claim; but there were elements in the case which necessitated a settlement upon other issues, while the ! jury were probably influenced by some apparently hard swearing. The other case possessed broader points of interest to the general public. Mr. George Kirk, of Mel bourne, sued the Commissioner for Railways for £500 as compensation for the loss of two bulls, which were badly injured by fire during their transit from Oxley 'West to Dalbv, and subsequently died. The Railway authorities defended the action on the ground that it wa6 a condition upon which the animals were carried that the carriers were not liable for injury from fire among other possible causes of damage, arid that there was no gross or wilful neglect on the part of the rail way servants. The case appeared to hinge a good deal upon partly whether the railway people should have put the animals into covered trucks ; and, as they were in fact carried in open waggons, whether some 6traw which was put by the plaintiff's agents, ?without objection by the railway servants, on the floor of the waggons, to prevent them slipping and for them to lie down on, was used with the knowledge «f the risk incurred of its catching fire, and that they ?would have to bear the burden of any possible injury from this cause. The persons in charge of the animals asked for tarpaulins to cover the trucks with, but could not get them ; but it does not appear from the evidence, oddly enough, that either party — and ? certainly not these most interested — anticipated danger \- of fire. Had this been so, tlie railway servants would have advised that some one should travel with the animals in order to stamp out a spark if it should alight among the straw. Tlie train accordingly started with the caretakers of these valuable ani mals, for one of which 220 guineas had been paid in Melbourne, comfortably ensconced in car riages remote from their charges ; and the conse quence was that when that did happen, which all concerned ought to have foreseen the strong pro bability of, namely, that the dry bedding was set on fire by'sparks from the engine, fatal injury was done to tlie animals before they could be released from their dangerous and distressing position. The questions put to the jury were : — 1. Were the conditions printed on the back of th'e receipt (and which included ? an exemption from liabilty for the effects of fire) part of the contract ? Answer : Yes. 2. Was there gross and wilful default on the part of tlie defendant r Answer : No. 3. Was there negligence on the part of the defendant ? Answer : Yes. 4. Was there ? contributor negligence on the part of the plaintiff ? Answer : No. Verdict for plaintiff, and damages £377 Is. 8d. ; but as the Attorney-General obtained leave to move to enter a verdict for the defendant, it : is impossible, as usual, to say who will eventually win ? and who lose The purse of the Crown is a long one, and it to mercilessly uBcd. At a recent meeting of the Acclimatisation Society, as a contrast to the valuable results arising from the distribution through the country of valuable plants, reference was made to the annoyance and damage being caused in more than one locality by the inju ? dieieus selection of places at which to turn out deer and hares. At Canning Downs and Westbrook stations, both, on Darling Downs, the preseht pro prietors have cause to rue the day when their prede cessors conceived the idea of a deer-park at tlie head station ; at the former place the farmers are beginning to complain loudly of the depredations of a herd of axis deer, which swoop upon their standing ' crops at night and do no end of mischief. The sufferers have exercised a good deal of forbearance, and I am told are extremely reluctant to resort to means of ex termination. That the deer arc protected by law ?would not, I fear, prevent this result, if the conclusion ?were once come to that it. provided the only remedy, as, even if the society were prepared to prosecute, which, I should imagine, is very improbable, it would be extremely difficult to bring the offence home. It is much to be regretted that these beauti ful and valuable animals — having proved that they are well suited to, and would rapidly increase in this climate — have been bo incautiously placed too near settlement; as, so difficult is it to break deer of the habit, when once acquired, of invading cultivation paddocks at night, that I fear the work of acclimatisation will sooner or later be undone by the gradual extermination of the herds by means of the rifle. It is fortunate that the red deer have been located among broken country where there is no cultivation, nor is likely to be ; although in any case thin spccie6 is natural y too wary to venture much within the limits of civilization. In the case of the hares, there is no feeling of regret at anything but the folly of the men who turned them out in the midst of forms. They are simply a nuisance, which it is hoped has been discovered in time, and will be stamped out. Fgom north, south, and west we hear of rain in plenty ; so we may now regard the drought as at an end. Unfortunately, the accounts are accompanied with more or less of complaint of the blessing coming too copiously, and already we hear of disaster from flood. From Bowen, as of course you will have heard, wc have a tale of destruction by a whirlwind, and Brisbane is called upon to subscribe for the sufferers. That the call will be heartily responded to 1 have no doubt ; but we shall not know until letters are received what is the extent of damage, and by what exact processes of nature the destitution requir ing eleemosynary aid has been brought about. Mean while in the Southern districts, on both sides of the Range, the rain has as yet beat an unmixed blessing, which has relieved the mind of many an anxious tiller of the soil. . The shipment of horses from. Brisbane to Cooktown is going on briskly ; and, with ordinary luck, if un aerlaken by those who axe knowing in the buying and sealing,' it will for some tune be a profitable trade. Between starvation, poisoning, and spearing, horses last no time at all on the Palmer, and a fresh supply baa to be kept up much in the same way as that of sheep and bullocks. If the horses are mot eaten* they get killed in one way and another, which for all prac - tical purposes of draught or packing is much the same thing. Perhaps it would be better if thev were eaten too, for at present they serve as an additional cause of fever in a country where the natural sources of disease are overplentiful. The hospitable intentions of the captain and officers of the Tuscarora were greatly marred by a pitiless downfall of rain which absolutely prevented the ladies from joining, and weeded out the mkle guests to a dozen or so of the most hardened constitution, and most inveterate admirers of a spree. If the day's programme was a good deal changed, the fun for those who did venture to go partook a good deal more of the character of a jollification than of the more ceremonious entertainment originally contemplated. When, after the steamer had waited for an hour in the hope of the weather clearing, and not the ghost of a petticoat appeared, it was determined to send the quadrille band on shore again, all unnecessary restraint was landed too, and the compact party which at last started, laid themselves out for a day's thorough enjoyment, in which, says rumour, they were not dis appointed. 