WORRY AND ITS PHYSICAL EFFECTS. (From the Scientific American.) To so everyday and common a state of mind as worry, ranging, as it may, from a passing "fit of the blues" up to the most pfligaanfc mental anxiety regarding life itselt, little im portance is popularly attached; and especially among so exceptionally nervous and rapid people &b; the Americans, the fact of a person succumbing under mental strain is of too ordinary occurrence to give rise to extended, comment. To the list of the insane immured in asylums and brought thither through here ditary or "by their own excesses, thousands are , added, suffering with broken minds induced by anxiety; but the great majority of people thus; affected continue in their places in society, by no means lunatics, nor maniacs, nor idiots, but nevertheless of brain unsound in ports. The world sometimes dubs them " eccentricand, if they be distinguished, their odd habits, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich material for the biographer; in other cases the eccentricities become crimes, and in discriminating justice may declare the life forfeited because of the workings of hidden faculties, uncontrollable, because disorganised. Worry, then, is dangerous, more so than the alcohol which kills the drunkard, for the latter involves a taste and a habit which may be put aside; tbe former is the creature of necessity, and creeps insidiously into every man's life. Its physiological effects, therefore, should be dearly and adequately realised. And the knowledge of the ills may, in some instances, prevent the existence of the cause. ' During the early stages of dementia, induced | by mental anxiety, Dr. Richardson tells us in 1 his "Diseases of Modern Life," there is no thing more than an increased tension of the minnte vessels which supply the brain. In later stages, tbe substance of the nervous tissue itself undergoes a modification by which its activity is permanently lost. These are the physiological consequences,most brieflysummed up. The first symptom is a want of full bodily vigour; then follows craving for more work, disturbed sleep, acute sensitiveness to external impressions, and, finally, strange figures and sounds are seen and heard. This condition mr * oontinue for yeare, and the sufferer in K im~, may begin to accept abnormal creatior jS ag natural- Dr. Richardson cites a case JQ£ a merchant, who for weeka retained vision the spectra of three Ugh ovaj in shape, of the size of an egg ' Jn(j s0 clearly defined to the observer that Jjj0 would watch them half consdonsly as they floated before him on tho wall, tbe ceflur „ np ;n In this stage of the discs.ee lies' the foundation of all hypotheses of ghosts oIng of visions, and even of poehc fre nzy? A turiou3 instance directly in pornt, wf ^ oar notice very recently, is tha'; of a ■woll_]alown writer on the press, who 'or some time past, has devoted attcnh-jnlto the subject of morbid mental conditions. This. gentleman, in a letter to a.'.dailyjournal, states himself to bo tho victim of the horrible spectacle of two men hmgrng from a. gallows^ a sight which ho once beheld (while -acting as a city reporter. The suspended corpses are clearly brought before him by the sound, of rain (the execution occurred during a rainstorm), and also by tho sound of laughter, since,'(through some uncontrollable impulse, during the hanging, he was induced to utter an untimely peal of merriment. That the writers bram is injured, possibly by the excessive men'.al strain peculiar to his profes sion, seems probable; and the lesion is mani fested, as alr eady described, by tho constant recurrence of.' the apparition. It is a well known fact that we have two natures, one purely organic and emotional, the other subject to the reasoning powers. The organic nervous chain exists in the body us a link between emotional mental acts and vascular supply. An impression from with out, mode through the organs of tho senses upon the emotional centres, is reflected directly from them to the -vascular expanse. The part flushes or blanches, and the heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds, or intermits; so that these centres, excited by anxiety, or grief, or joy, or sorrow, influenco tho waves of blood passing through tho systom, and tho brain promptly feels tho imperfect regulation, of the supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels, there are flashes, chills,^coldness of the extremeties, and other oppressive symptoms, ■ while in addition appear tho distressing ringing or hammering sounds in the head. These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibrations of the blood which press with each impulse of tho heart on tho bony surroundings of tho relaxed, carotid canal, situated at the base of the skull.. The canal is in direct connection, by solid con ducting substance, with the organs of hearing;, and thus the faintest vibration is detected. The sound prodnced when it is sudden: and unex pected, as in moments of fear, is occasionally : mistaken for a sound iprocceding from -without with no obvious cause. Thus tbe sufferer is likely to seo visions and hear strange noises, impalpable so to speak, but:. - as purely physical as the most common tilings ■ in life. In some instances they are actual per- - ceptions of real facts or objects, caught by an , extremoly susceptible and delicate nervous.. surface. In others they are an intensified re cognition of movements within the body; but .. in the vast majority of instances they are actual impressions nude at some time on thei-. organism, and now recalled and rendered more > definite by constant recurrence. At this point, if the mentalpowers be allowed', rest and the fountains of care he closed, reco very may take place; hut if tho ovorstraini.. continue, the disease assumes still graver forme ' There is a maddening desire for work, mors' . work, coupled with the sad sehsation that thai, physical powers arc failing; ajA then- there> are lapses of memory. The. massoS business.. forgets important details, he is irritable, diBe trusts everybody and himself most, makes . mistakes, and yet persists in accnmulatihgr more work on himself. Tho poet anal novelist become over sentimental and mor bid; tho man troubled with remorse for guilt confesses- his crime, or commits suicide The downward course is rapid; in one case', epilepsy occurs, in another paralysis, a third, developes some hereditary malady like cancer,. " a fourth dies from nervous failure and local: disease of some vital organ. The majority,, .. escaping these special ends, become prematurely old, and sink helpiepsly into death. The braira • becomes disorganised, the balance is broken,.. - and anarchy succeeds to what was once order. ■.. ^*In .every brain, in fact, there is set up>. . primitively a, Singly force, to which all other .: forces bend- The king may he good or bad, : . he may be an hereditary ting or a usurper; . but he holds the balance; kill the king, ami, ;, in ninety-nine coses out of hundred, the king dom is made chaos and dark night." 