EARLY RISING. Why is it that folks who like to do a thing are not content to do it, and leave others, unadvised, to act lor themselves? Why should they insist on putting everybody into their pint measure, and condemning all who happen not to fill it exactly? This peculiarity is conspicuous in social habits, in the routine of every day life. The man who confines himself to two meals in twenty-four hours imagines he has cauBe ol grievance against the man preferring three or four meals. The woman who enjoys society and travel feels uucbaritable toward the entirely domestic stay-at home body. Id nothing is this trait more observ able than in getting op in tbe morning, about which people differ so widely. They who choose to lie late are amiable enough toward those who believe, from a queer sense of hospitality, that they ought to welcome ibe dawn; that the dawn would foe distressed unless they should co-operate with it, and ke~p it in countenance for its premature com ing. But the early risers are not so kindly or so tolerant. If not positively inimical to the late lier, they greatly disapprove of him, and are inclined to give him wholesome counsel againBt his habit. Can any one tell why the mere fact of being up at or before daylight yields to a man an assurance of moral superiority? What epeciGc and shin ing virtue is there in leaping out or bed and dressing one's-sell in the dark? What crown of honor is con ferred upon the fellow who, unable to sleep in the morning, bounces up be times to advertise such incapacity? These be subtle questions, and their answers inhere in the mysterious root of things. But there can be no ques tion that the habitually early riser conceives that the Ten Commandments are conserved in bim, in addition to an ample system of ethics. When he appears at breakfast, he is very likely to ask those at table when they rose, feigning ignorance on a point on which fie takes particular paint to be informed. Having been told that they rAse at sik, or seven, or eight o'clock, he invariably announces with greai gusto, "Why, t was up two hours before any of you!" Then he pro ceed* to patronise, in a very lofty manner, the inferior mortals who are not afehamed to confeia that they have no prejudice in favor of Retting up in the middle of the night. Nor is he content to enjoy this exalted triumph once, twice, thrice, or twenty times. Every morning he plumes himself anew, puts the same question, and each time adds to his moral wealth' and personal consequence. What offence is there in sleep, that (o protract it in the morning should be visited upon us so severely? Casuists" have informed us that man is always sinning, except in sleep, which should therefore be ardently encouraged, whether before or after dawn. Do the Seven Sleepers typify the Seven Deadly Sins, or does the early riser design to bamboozle our theology? We suspect the latter, for be is an in comprehensible, wholly inconsistent person, who obviously thinks that bis matutinal' selfrelevation should atone for any and «H other delects whatso ever. It is not sleep, but sleep in the morning to which he is hostile, lie is fond of saying that we cannot be in bed too long before midnight, or too briefly after daybreak. And then there'is some sort of iniquity apper- I taining to the bed. He nimaelf will j frequently get up at four or 6vej o'clock* and, after dressing, descend to (he library or sitting-room, throw him self on ibe lounge, and be dozing in five minutes. He does not feel any shame for this either, although at breakfast he will be ready to hector his sons or brotherVin-law, who were at the same time inaudibly asleep overhead, for being irredeemable slug gards. It iB noticeable that the early riser often compensates himself for his greeting to the dawn by frequent naps between that hour and his regular bed time. He gets up, but only to lie down again; he is not up for all day, nor is there need of it, in his judg ment, after he has performed the one important duty. The whole matter lies in this; it is good for persons to rise early who want to do so, or who have something to occupy them, but they who have no necessity, and enjoy sleeping, ought to be privileged to lie abed without dis credit or condemnation. This is rank heresy we are aware, but we are averse to fanaticism even on this time honoured subject. There are virtues altogether independent of the hoar of getting up, and some men who have slept late hare gone to their graves with blameless records, and left large estates Tor their kindred to quarrel over. To get up merely for the sake of get ting up is not of necessity a saving grace, and vices might be named—it is true they are deep and dark—which it will not expiate. Late sleepers have bo long been bullied and persecuted that they would seem to have earned indulgence. The inexorable early riser should compassionate them at least, and permit tbem to go to perdition, il they will, on downy beds of ease. Even if they be re olved to rush upon destruction from hair mattresses, let let them rush, while he may seek absolution lor non-interference by get ting up for six months at two o'clock in the morning. It is well not to be beguiled bv laws and counsels on the subject. Most of them had their origin in a distant era, and under conditions totally different from those now existent. Oar remote ancestors went to bed early because there was nothing else to do. Their descend tnts of to-day go to bed late and get up late for very much the same reason. Country folk seek their pillow from sheer fatieue, from weariness, from want of mental stimulant. City people avoid their pillow, for at dark iheir recreation begins, and the joys of the night are poetic and manifold. The latter half of the nineteenth cen tury is an age of. gas-light, of midnight suppers, of nocturnal pleasures, of turning night into day. He who goes to bed early cannot see the realities -or the ghosts of the time, and to rise early would subject him to a splendid isola tion, besides Gtting him ere long for a sleep in the cemetery.—New York Times. 