THE HAUNTED HOUSE, TnE SHADOW AT RIVER HALTL. SBr Miaes. J. IL. Rli6Ds,L, AuTOR OP A LiFr's AsbdlZE, OEOR GE tI15, &C.; CITAPTEIt 'I (CONTINUED)x. Fon0 a weli owe saw"nothing of Miss Blake, but.at the end of that time, in consequence' of a somewhat imperative summons firom Mr. Craven, she called 'it the oflice late one afternoon. W?V comprehonded -she had selectod that, . for her, unusual time of day for a visit; hoping our principal might have left eror i?she arrived; but in this hope she wams \--;as disappointed: M1r. Craven was in, at leisure, and aunxious to see her. I shall iievr forget thalt interview. Mliss 11lak'e asuived about five o'clock, w'hen it was quite dark out of doors, and when, .in all our offices except Mr. ,OCraven's, the gas as s flaing away triumphantly. In his apartment he kept the light always subdued, but beh fween the fire aid the lamp there was Splenty of light to'see that Miss Blake looked ill and depressed; and that Mr~. ..Craven had assumed a peculiar exprese sin, ilhsch. to those who knew him best, implied he had made up his mind to Spursue a particular course of.aotion, adnd meant to adhere to his determination. '" You wvanted to see me," said our client, breaking the ice. " Yes; I wanted to tell you that our connection with the River Hlall property mnstbe considered at an end. ' Velil, well, that is the way of men, I suppose-in England." 1 do not think any man, whether in SEngland or Ireland, coedld have done more for a client than I have done for you, Miss Blake," was the offended answer. "I am suroI have never found fault with you," rnemarked Bliss Blake, de precatingly. " " And I do not think," continued Mr. :.Craven, unheeding her remark, " any liawyier over nieot with a worse return for all his trouble than I. have received from you, ." yOU. " " " ' - . - ° "Dear, dear," said Miss Blake, with cobinic disbelief iii her tone, ".that is very : bad." -."There are two classes of men who Sought to be treated with entire confi dence," persisted Mr. Craven, .' lawyers and doctors. It is as foolish . to keep backl anything from one of them as from anotlher." '" ",I.daresay," argued Mis Blake; 'hbut wr are not all wise. alike, you : know," ."No," remarked my principal, who Swas indeed no iattchl for the lady, " or you would never have allowed me to Stake your case into court in - ignorance ..of.lHelena having seen her father."'S. a" ime, come," retorted Mitss Blake, '"vou do not mean to say you believe hohosvsr did see her father since he. was bIuried,. and had the stonework piut all Sright and neat again, about liim ? And indeed, it want to my heart to have a man who had fallen into such bad ways laid in the sime grave with .my dear sister, but I thought it would be un 'ehristian'-" "We need not go over all that ground once more, surely," interrupted Mi. Craven. "I have heard youir opinions concerning Mr. Elmsdale ex pressed ore now. That whiah I never Sdid hear, however, until it proved too late, was' thoe .fact of Helena having fancied she saw her father after hiis death." ' " And wllht good would it have done you, if I had repeated all the child's foolish notions ?" "This, that I should not have tried to let a house believed by the owner it self to be uninhabitable." "f'And so you would have kept us without bread to put in our mouths, or a \- roof over our heads." " I should have asked you at first to do what I must ask you to do at last. It you decline to sell the place, or let if unfurnished, on a long lease, to some one willing to take it, spite of its bad hainaeter, I must say the house will never again be let through my instru mentality, and I must beg you to adver tise River Hall yourself, or place it in the ha-ds of an agent." "Do you mean to say, Willifim Craven," asked Bliss Bllake, solemnly, "that you believe that house to be haunted ?" "I do not," hlie answered " I do not believe in ghosts, but Ibelieve the place has somehow got a bad name perhaps through IHelena's fancies, and that people imagine it is haunted, and got frightened probably at the sight of their own shadows. Come, Miss Blake, I see a way out of this difficulty; you go and taltke up your abode at River sTall for six months, and at the end of that time the evil charm will be broken. " And Helena killed," she observed. · You need not take Helena with you.' "Nor anybody else, I suppose you mean," she remarked. " Thank you, Mr. Craven; but though my life is none tod happy, I should like to die a natural death; and (od only knows whethlerthose who have been peeping and spying about the place might not murder me in my bed, if I ever went to badil in the house; that isn-" " Then, in a word, you do believe the place is haunted." "I do nothing of the kind," shae answered, angrily; "but though I liave courage enough, thank Heaven, Ishould not like to stay all alone in any house, and I knowv there is not a servant in England would stay there with nme, un less she meant to take my life. But I t1ll you what, William Craven, there are lots of poor creatures in the world even poorer than we are-tutors and starved curates, and the like. Get one of them to stay at thie hall till hlie finds out where the trick is, and I won't mind saying he shall lharve fifty pounds down for his pains; that is, I mean, of course, when hlie has discovered the seorot of all thesa'strange lights, and such like." To' be eontoincd. 