LOC1L. -By' the courtesy of the operator at tbe Telegraph. Offioc, wo learned last night that the R.M.S S>, Su natra arrived at Ade laide at 530 a m yesterday, and left for Melbourne , at 10-30 a.m. We may con «"quently lock tor her at Melbourne on Tu sdiiy moruiug, and the mail will reach Liuncceton' on Wedneaduy, and Hobart Town on Thursday, giving us till Saturday afternoon to answer correspondence The Municipal Council will meet to-day at the Municipal tlonneil Chamber, at four o'clock. Business for consideration, . reports! Irom ', the various oorrmittces, as. fullews : — Public Works— On representation oi Mr Mosea Cuhen, as to alleged injury to his boundary wall in Collins-strceU Ditto— On a petition from properly owners in Arthur and Warwick- streets, pray ing lor a road in Arthur-street. Dilti— On the application of the Rev. D, Recchlnor on behalf of Mrs Murphy,- Lady Superioress of the Presentation Convent, requesting the construction ot an under ground . drain therofrom. Ditto — On: the application of Mr Miller for some improve ment to be made in the side channel in Napoleon-street. Ditto— On application from Mr Parsons for a few load of gravel in William street.; Waterworks— n re presentation of hon. sec. Royal 8ocietj that the ferns and forests on the slopes of Monnt Wellington are being devastated, and asVlog for the adoption of measures to suppress the practice. Orders of the Day: — Mr Alderman Brownell to more— " That the ruling of UiB Worship the Mayor, in re ference to Mr Alderman Browneil's mo tion, ia not in accordanoe with the rules of theCouncil" The Theatre Royal ' will be opened this evening by tbe members of the city band, , assisted by the Hobart Town Dramatio Club, for the purpose of giving a complimentary benefit to the widow of the late Mr Thorns: Campion. The piece selected for the first ope is the great Irish drama of " Tho Last Life.'' The city band will then, play a selection of favourite airs from English operas, the whole to con clude with the laughable extravaganza of " Two Eyes Between Two." As the per formance is for a charitable purpose, .wr) shall, no doubt, see a full house. The Customs receipts for the month of May, .just ended, were £17,492 lis Id, against £15,057 6s 3d for tbe correspond ing month of 1875. The' first four months of the year 1876 showed a/falling >-ff of £2,246, as compared with : 1875, 'but the surplus in May has pulled that lip, and leaves a balance in favour of 1876'1 of £189 6s 2d. "" The Farley Bijou troupe have been making; a ' tour of the Victoria country district, and mot with very marked success. Miss Beaumont,' our Tashiahian canlutrice, is one of the members of thi small hut select company, and hei flne soprano voice bas been greatly admired in every plaae in which she has anng. The latest town from which we have ncwa of them is Warrnambanl and; the Warmam tool Examiner oi the 27th ult speaks in very hiuli n-rin of Miss Bcaumom's par ftrutaiice both as a soloiat, audio duets with Mr Parley. The writer of the notiae pr. diets a' successful career for Miss Rcnumont, and whilst remarking iipnn her lady like appearance on the stage, suggests a little more animation. Mr Parley's singing is a'so highly sn: ken of, as is, also, a Mr Lay, who is a member nf the compatiy. It is Mr Parley's intention, wc understand, to nlay fnr a week or two: in the Bubn l s of Melbourne, and then to nrncccd to New South Wales aud Queens- laud. The third of tho Rev. J. W. Sim- mops' h-ctures at the Town- Hall <was delivered yesterday to a large audience, Alderman Rheitbcn occupying the chair, and who, in introducing the rev. lecturer, -aid it-;mast be exceedingly gratifying to him to see Sunday after Sunday ancli a large audience, and especially to find that it was principally composed of tbe indus trial classes There is certainly a charm about .Mr Simmons' lectures, which does attract, and as lie never fails in the ontirsc of his address to inculcstc love and good will one to another, no one who attenda cm well come ' away without having' his h-art moved with that ail-pervading lnve aud charity which was suoli an essential and prominent portion of the Saviour's teachings. Mr Simmnns, in commencing his lecture on." Whitpintide," said he was afraid' that he had been : injudicious lb annonneing his subject, as an impression had.got abroad that it' was his intention to depict tbe old custom of England at that particular 'season, : hilt he ' could ' assure them that sncb was not his intention, as it would take np far too long a space of time. On the othor band he was not sorry, as it afforded hint I the opportunity of. bringing; into play the old country and our associa tions with it. The rev, gentleman then proceeded to draw a pleasing picture of the doings at Whitsuntide ;or Whitsunday in the oid country and in Tasmania, and the sympa'hies which the time o> Whitsuntide evoked in England, and ; that., though, through the difference of climate, our doings were the very reverse of England' vol the old fccli-igs were kept warm. In England it was a time of family gatherings, when qua-rels were healed and old aores forgotten. He referred to the old custom of mnmming at Whitsuntide, when the sacred1 mysteries - of the Bible were per formed by mummers aod at' that time the poorer classes were taught the eontents of the sacred hook by that means— now that book was published in all tongues at such orices that all could read for themselves. He oonsidered it was a mistake to refer to old times as preferable to the present, even though we had some amount of larriki oism. He was of opinion that soeiety and the world had .made vast improvements since the commencement of this century. At the coinraenoa-nent we had men in Parlia ment in Etiglau;! who would not now be 'oli-rated in decent society — aien moved in the upper circles who would not now be associated with. The rev. gentleniai then ramdly sketched the doings of Whitsunday at Greenwich and Cimberwell- -fairs, now all things of the past, and contended ; that our amusement of the present day were less demoralising -than of old, all ahuwing that society had improved. He ithen referred to the ohangea that had taken place in our midst during the laat- year, and. referred to the late Mr Askio Morrison, whose place on Change wonl t know him 00 more; and who could forecast the changes that next year might1 bring forth? L-t therefore, every one he; prepared, and remember that the day must co ne when all the things of tbi«> world would be.. as nothing to us. We must, however, all wait Ilia pleasure A most interesting lecture, which was listened to in absorbed silence, was concluded by singing a verae of God from whom ail blessings flow." -:-, The rev. gentleman announced th -t bis next lector - would bo on " The Pen, the Pencil, and the Press," We have recoivedthe Jnno number of the hetcher, and must' ray that it is an uu exceptionally good one. At the same time we must challenge the truth of the artist's deiinea-lon of the Accident on th sac endeavour to proi'ica a striking effect, has grossly libelled our engine drivers . and exakgorst -d the same altogether. Lookiae at the. plate ia- the Sketcher , one -would imagine hima-lf on1; tho Pi'aiha of Tens where irild horses are to bV.eouhtfcd by'tbe thousand,- - instead bf on peaceful ' York Pla ne, and three tired out pi .ugh horses sleeping away their night of rest oa the railway, having unfortun itely sttavel thereon through an open gate,- The fioatlepleoe're presents ths' fkylrglrd the fiiindiitinn etna j of the Acid my if Music. 'The Opossum Rush, near Berlin, affords ute' f ?r a„ full plate. There is a very good likeness of the late.Rcv T. P. Birif 't and also or Mrs 6cott-8iddons.; ; The firs,, brigade demonstration at Bstlarat gives a ' good . Idea of - tlie -fine buildinga-at that golden city, A portrait bfTasmama'iTKte' Queen, Trncahini, isa very good cntof the: j photograph by Mr WooUey. Collins- strtet, at its most thronged period of the altera ion (when the ladles and gentleman "" are " doing the 1 block,' shows the fashions of the day. We can recommend this issue " of ,lhe Sketcher to our, readers to keep is a ' memento of the late Trucanini. ; It is elsswhero'notifiiid 'that a meeting :i of I the parishioners and members! of St. 1 David's- Oatheiral will be held, at-tbe school room, Harrington-street, to morrow n evening, for the purpose of considering a soheme for raising, money j for parochial purposes uuder an Act uf Synod: The football match on Saturday, be tween the High and' Hutohlns 8chools, resulted in a wm'fiir the former, th'e'High 1 '' School kicking six goals, and the Hutchioi one, three of the High" 'School's being kicked by W. Edmondson ; one by G. P. Butler; one E. Edmondson, and ons 0, .Taylor.. . ..... („,ff There will be a eoneert; in- the: Me- ' n morialHall on Thursday next inaidof the V church organ fund. - It is1 to commence at m half-past seven; and will doubtlcas prove in attractive entertainment. . / . Yesterday was . ths first Sunday on which: our Gatbolio, follow ci'tixens have ' . had to confine their services to St. Joseph's '' Church, in consequence of. the alteration! ' going, on at -the ..Cathedral Church (St. Mary's). In order to meet the demand for ' . aeryicea tho olergy held extra masses yes terday at St. Joseph's, vix„ at 7, 8, 9'30, and II a.m. The services were very well attended. By. this. means all wilt' be able to attend at one hour or the other. Of course tnere can.be.,;only one evening ser- , vice, and at: tbis. the ohurch was inconrc-' ' niently crowded, ; , , Mr; Lb Strange, tho Australian Blomlin, will appear ia Urn Assncistiou Ground on W-rinesd-ty evening next. The prices, as mentioned in the advertisement in another colom'n, are exceedingly mode rate, and the hour at which the performanci will be over is eaHyi '.'It will be: noticed- ' that 1 there will be a grand -display of fire wnrtcs under; the direotioa 1 of Prdfeisor < K«lly; '! - ,ji: . Ymterday being Whitsunday tho Anglican Churches held special services. At the Cathedral of St. David's a full choral; service was given . morning aod. evening., v His 1 ordsbip Bishop Broihby v: preaohed in the morniug, taking for till' text Joho.xvi , verso vii., Nevertheless, I tell you . the truth j it is expedient for ' 3'ou that I(g6 aw4T f for if, I go. not awky"'' the Comforter will not oome unto jqjr'; and from this drew an elsquent pioture of the coming »f the 44 Comforter," the Holy Ghost, and its wide effect on the hearts of men. Tbe collections of the day were for the Jlelanciiian Mission, ' and the Bishop took the opportunity ot stating a few facts in relation to this 'mission,' as detailed in the last number of. the Church ifcus1 whioh he would like to set more widely circulated amongst the congregation. In the afternoon the children of the different Sunday Sohools were addressed by Cason Broraby In the eveoing there was a very .. large congregation/ and Canon Bromby fi eaohed from 22>id Hebrews, 8th and fob owiog verses; The mwiotil portion e( ' the service was exeeediogly well rendered I- by the choir. The total collections of the : day for the MelanesUn Mission was£25.; 1 That well-known haunt of indr| cent females, opposite the Kind's Arms, in Harriogto i -street, was the acne of a ioost disgraceful disturbance between two and three o'elook :yesterdav afternoon/durtag which titne scores pt roughs and passers- by were congregated hearthe place. One . . ofthenumwr namel Mary Parker, sited 20; had to be taken to the hospital with a cut on the head and a braise on the shoulder, wbiob she stated was caused by . . another girl named Eiizabeth .Wilson, wbo ' stabbed her during the course of the dis ' turbinoe. Wilson has been arrested, and sis > another of the fraternity, named RoBannah Hill, who ' is charged with as S'Ulting Giroliai; Mills. 1 he disturbance was flnally quelled' by the efforts of Detefr tive ('onnor and Constables Burke and Normoyle. i John Duckworth, aged five years, was tuiken to' the hospitd on Saturday last with a.frasture of to- left arm, caused by. bis hiving fallen down with the arm under him, . The injured ..limb was placed in splints, and the'little jufferer taken home. A. German named Alfred AlbsrL lodging at the Neptune Inn, New Wharf, was sdufitted to tbe General Hospital on Wednesday last, suffering from severe in juries received in a quarrel with a seamso The injuries having bzen dressed, he was advised to stay, but refused to do so, and on Friday last be Was taken bick to the hospital in an insensible s'ate. He never rallied after his a'lti.issioa, and died there yesterday. The deceased was lately member of the oity p dice force. An in quest will he beld. on. Wednesday next, at the Bird-iu-Hahd, at 9,30 p.m. The usual Mormon service was held at tbe O ld Fellows' Hill, yesterday after- noun, but the attendance . seems to be gradually decreasing, and yesterday there we only about twenty persms prsisut Mr Swaa delivered an able addiest, iu which he used several logical arguments to , prove that tbe propheoiee of the Old Testa ment, respecting: ' the ohurch and the htter days, were being literally fulfilled. ! The rite ' of confirmation was ad . mini«tei>ed last evening at Holy Trinity Church hy His Lordship tbe Bisnop. The . j r eipients numbered twenty-i;nut and were ' nil young ladies. After the laying on( of hands, his lordship preached an impressive discourse, upon the 4th Ephesians, 30th Verse, 4- Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God . .whereby ye are sealed unto the, day of ccdemptioa."/ ,He couQieUed his hearers to pray uncearingly for aid in reristing temptation - > The servioe concluded shortly y after nioe o'clock. ' r i The sailing race on Saturday afterf noon ckine off under somewhat more pro pitious weather that) has favoured similar ' . contests of late, Tho prise of £5, offered , by the Derwent Sailing Club had already -f"' betjr.irotrtrae«-t'y-'tbe?Flet!twltifprafl?she- hW to reonrjl, another- .victory, Iwforo it paseeil into' this binds' of her captnln (Mr B Aikins). Tiro o:tcr hen's rthkli drew up to tho starting Hoc' wrro the Iris (J. M. Clark), Corsair (Wright Bros ), Kathleen («. & Chapman), . . . , I'ltc start WMiinudc daring a "violent sqUatl fr.iio N.W., the Iris getting the advantage, and 1 adine down to the buoy "off "Sandy Biy Point. The Fleetwing,. now made . n . short hoard, and led the ' other boats an a tnck into Sandy Bay, and wis the .first, to shrw.rouuji gectierbn Point, . fullow'orl lit., about; five hdbdted! 'ygrda! by .the Kathleen, ' which aenreil td ' w'ah't sMying'f.paVrsf , .in'.',, the heavy bre< s>. The Iris anil CorsaifVere in cloaa company, and- some d'afaqce in the redr. ' The Fleetwing rounded fhe bnoy off tho' Slaughter ! Hrjuaee ! and „ pa«a»d. the. Esplanade , running down four ..minutes ah'end of 'tbe Kathleen. ' The latter, bow- eyer,' seemed to .run better. than ahefieat,, and gained a. little', ohUbe.tnremnat .boat,, The ifli ahd.the iforaair t'nubled the upper bnhy1 ,'eitnbtt "together, end passed the Eiplanhde hbw tb, buhr. In beating up the ieoohd''tlmr,'-.the Fleotwirigj ttiip to, her,, na-re, maintained "her " advantage, and rounded, the upper buoy when.tho Kathleen was oil the' end " of the New Wharf, and had .crossed the finishing line before the latter ibuhdcri-.ihe > buoy, ; Tlie. CurBnir, gained on the Iris in the beating up, ami finished about, one.', hundred.yards before the Iris, The Fleetwing, under the skil ful msnsgement of. .Mr. 11. Atkins, has gain shown hrr superiority over the other boats,,, we think on. . this, occasion through the judicious addition' ul ball a ton. pf , bsl>att, .whilst hcr-daogerous anUy much admired' adversary ' the Kathleen appeared to laek 'stiffening. We under- B'and that the niatoh wbichwmto have onme.' off on"' Queen's " birthdry between' this Corsair and the Flsetwiog wil'. he soiled on Saturday next.1' "We republish the following loiter fruns the Examiner, of Saturday, and arc only too glad to'find that'Mr Hawkce has been misrepresented A Denial.— To the IvJi'or of xhe'Examincr. — Sir, — My attention hae been called to a statement in, the avftrrrie thet|litlWBe',my"inteh'(loh to resign my ieatfor'the Mers-y'in' (svitur of Capt Qilmore, I have no intention, end never had; no communication on that subjeot has taken place between Oaptau Giliuore and myself, or any of bis friends, —lour very obedient servant, W. K. IUwkxb, iFrunkhn : Village,' June ; 2r,d,i 1870,'udr 'to -irtsM ' '> « !:...«;! edi II'-- I.' ... i , nt.fe/-. , f'.BT-tho lastmaili'li says tho .Sydney iloming Herald , " Bignor Wimonetti re ceived a most flattering letter, writ ten in his native tongue," 'from' the widow of the. late Commodore'Goodenough,' acknowled ging the safe , receipt of the. bust and me dallion of her lamented husband, executed by him. i Mrs. Goodenough, whilst warmly thanking Siguor. Simonetti for the splendid likeness he has aucoeededin producing, re marks. that she., finds it. diffioult to say which pleases ber tire most— the: dignity- and. grandeur of . the one, i or the tender kindly expression of the other/ , .Cunsidcr- iog the bust So' striking as a likeness, and a the same time so admirable as a work o' art, Mrs. GccdinouglT 'eonsid-red that it would he a pity that it should be seen only by her Irunds'aiiil herself, und'rtquested Sermiaaion. to exhibit it at the Itoyal Acn- -my,' 'although according to the rules orlibts themselves can only send works for exhibition. , The committee on heatiug tliat ,the: artist was in',' Austratia, .atid iii'at. there waa iiot sufficitnt time .to communi cate with 'him. Ot once sanctioned it9 ad; mission, and the bust is how at the Aca demy, Seeing the difficulties under which Mgn6r".Simoattti laboured' tin .executing, the above works, never 'having seen the late commodore during life, be may well be congratulated on this -testimony to his genius, a testimony which cannot, fail to be most gratifying lo: him. 1 It 'is 'a" great aatiefaction to know that, . thanks to the public spirit of a few members of our com numity, a copy of the bust it to be ex cutcd in marble for the col"oy." | Jiii papers to the :i3tli ult. state that an unusual amount of eioknecs has recentjy visited the , white population of Levuka, the'. visitation being unprecedented in tlm history of .Fiji.' Il.M. '.gunboat, .licpard has beth' di epalclied to the Gilhcrt Island's, to investigate the circumstances 'attending tbe murder of M r 8t. Jobn .Key sc, wbioti took pla'ce about 12 months ago. Ward, alia Ennis, has been again brought before the Chief Police Magistrate at the Levuka Police Court. ; Objections. ;were taken to tbe , authority tor, bis arrest. , Sergeant Trefford, a detective from Hull, .in York-, shire, however, in the opinion of the Beuoh was sufficiently authorised, and Enals was remsnded. to, Hull , to. be dealt with. It is said that Ennis has committed frauds to the extpotof £20,000. 