A Card Sharper Committed for Trial. At the Vr'alor Police Court this morning a man nanicd George Kauu was charged with stealing from tho person of one William AVard, tlio sum of £S 10s. II appeared from *.h-? evidence that Ward, who was a teamster employed on the ltunilwick R.icscoursc, was watching the prisoner and sime other person while they were gambling yesterday on the liandwick Race course, when quite suddenly tho prisoner snatched the money, ciaounting to £8 10s from Ihb hands, and re tained it till given into custody of senior constable Muiqurony, when he gave Warn, or offered to give liim ?back, first £3 nml then £ 1. Wnrd Sworo that, he was not gambling with Ecce at the time, aud that the -affair l-nd hoc i!s oi-igiuin .1 ilinputc nu to the rosult ef a garabliag trau&ictiun.; Hat his evidence was contra dicted by a witness named Jiimes Tiernry who was called Iiy tlie prisoner in defeuca, and who f .vorc that he was present all the time nnd saw AVard gambling with Kane ; lie f tated further that all were gambling. The whole affair nroso out of .i transaction in xrhich prosecutor I»st. The L'ench dtcmed tho case one for trial, am! Hw \ms\oner was acct/idiugly committed for trial to tho Quarter Sessions. Though nnaWeto present a m-ie favonrp.bJe re- 1 port of i»:i»iur,-.i matters for the past week, feed being, as a rule, absent from too many runs, we, says the Xar rabri Jlcrald, are enabled to announce a change in the weather that shoald have a moat beneficial effect. Last winler this side of the country was not so badly off for feed, the supply of native clover having been full, and tho rains then did not set in until a fortnight biter than theyheve noivdone. It would, doubtlcss,be premature as yet to spctk with any certainty as to the prospects for the future, but bo far everything would warrant the conclusion that the drought had broken up and hotter times were before us. It is earnestly to be hoped that such may be the case. None engaged in business of any description caro to make too much parade of their losso-., but it is unquestionable that very many large and email owners of stock have 3.uJTcred so severely that recovery, ia all rases a tedious process, must in some prove hopeless. Clou i d tho denth rate of stock of all classes bs correctly M'.-ertaiueJ, it would astonish oven Mr Buchanan. In 'iroof of this tvo aro reliably informed that in many (*irts eveu the kangaroo tribe arc lying dead in numbers, aud the survivors arc mere bigs of bones with only the ghost ot a hop left in them. Passings, as may be supposed, are nf t plentiful. On Saturday a mob of between fifty and Kiity horses for the l'abucr slipped through quietly, giving no. particulars. 180 fat beasts, S. Hoakianon's, from G«rah, Boodle in charge, came in to Molly this -evening ; they are to ho supplemented by a score more -off tbxt station, and proceed to Sydney. To- morrow, Thursday, about 1500 head of Btores will Icavo Molly forGerah in charge of James Skuthorpe. No other items to hand. 