PARLIAMENTARY. j BRIHBAKE, October 24. In the Assembly this atternoou tile Naviga- tion and Stamp Duties Bills were read a third time andi ordered to bc transmitted to thc Council. Mr. rainier moved the adjournment of tho House to complain of thc delay in thc publica- j tion of Hansard. Messrs. Morehead and M'Dwraith com- plained of the Government refusing to appoint more magistrates in the outside districts. Mr. Stewart replied that the Government had decided to allow each member of thc llouso to nominate only three or four magis- trates; about two hundred recommendations had been received. Mr. Douglas moved thc resumption of the debate on thc schedule of thc settled districts Mr. Walsh and other members of the Opposition contended that thc resumptions should bc put scriafim. The Speaker ruled that he was unable to insist on the suggestion heiug carried out, and thc schedules wore passed. Thc Insolvency Bill paBScd through Com- mittee without alteration, and the House then went into Committee ou thc Railway Reserves BUL In reply to the remarks of Mr. De Satgé, Mr. Douglas Baid an amendment had been pre- pared to provide for thc rcsuruptiouB of only halves of thc runs- possibly a quarter would suffice for thc purposes of thc Act. Squatters could buy at auction, and thus secure them- selves. Mr. Macrossan said that he had shown Mr. Douglas publicly aud privately that the gold- fields and desert rendered more than half of thc Kennedy Railway Deserve unsaleable, and now the Government had prepared au amend- ment to reserve only halves of thc runs. Such an arrangement could never provide funds for the Towers railway, aud he should therefore stoutly oppose the aineudincut. Thc scheme was utterly impracticable. Mr. Morehead said he should join Mr. Macrossan in opposing thc amendment, which was introduced by thc Government merely to conciliate two of their supporters-thc mem- bers for Blackall and Balonne. Mr. Groom disliked thc bill more than ever, and considered that thc auction of lands in thc neighbouring colony was thc main cause of the Banks restricting accommodations. It was a ruiuous policy to auction lands whole talc for railway construction whilst money waa obtainable iu England ou fair terms. He asked tho Minister for Lands whethor bc was prepared to insert amendments permitting conditional selection as well as auction, and to modify the resumption schedule, which in some instances was arbitrary and unjust. He had no hesitation in saying that unless condi- tional selection were allowed he should vote against thc third reading of thc bill. Thc debate ia still proceeding. 10'55 p.m. Au amendment for resuming only thc halves of runs was negatived by twenty-one to thirteen votes. The House adjourned at half-past ten o'clock. TUE departure of tho s.s. Tambaroora has been postponed until Thursday, at noon. MK. B. L. DIUDIN requests us to call atten- tion to his salo of valuable town allotments in South and North Rockhampton, which takes place this morning, at ll o'clock, at thc Central Auction Rooms, East street. " DAINTY DAVIE," the pure-bred Clydesdale, has been disposed of by Messrs. Macdermott -Brothers for £110, thc purchaser being Mr. E. Wilson, of Serpentine Water. Tho maro Matilda by New Warrior, out of Lady Theresa by Gratis (imported) was offered but passed iu as the bids wore not up to the vendor's price. Matilda ÍB a remarkably handsome mare, nine years old, bred by C. Reynolds, Esq., of Tocal, and is just the stamp of animal for breeders' purposes. The pure-bred Java pony King Pippin was also offered, but passed in. IT was really a matter of regret that the Tain which bas been so long threatening, and which has so unaccountably held off, should have fallen yesterday evening and marred, to a great extent, thc efforts of our amateur musicians and singers, who have for some time past been at infinite pains to render their concert worthy of thc many concerts that have preceded it. Thc programme was an ambitious one, and contained many overtures, duets, trios, solos, &c;, of thc very highest character, but to which justice was done by the various ladies aud gentlemen, who have set themselves thc by no means easy task of endeavouring to refine tho taste of thc town, and to beget among its people n love of some- thing better than that which now wins upon their senses and occasionally makes Btrong pulls upon their pockets. It is not considered polite to criticise amateurs, and if it were, the task would not at times bo an agreeable one ; but in Hie case before us, if wc could plunge through tho hedge of dcoorum, wc could only, in justice, bestow almost unqualified praise. Everything was well done; evidencing not ouly great musical proficiency, and voices of no ordinary quality, but a care in rehearsal which is not always a failing on the right side of amateurs, who arc too apt to consider they i can outdo professionals, and jump at a few leaps to perfection. But it must bo borne in mind that Mr. A. E. Alexander was con- ductor, Ebd that'was alone almost sufficient to secure success. THE "colours" of No. 4 Q.V.R.B. Com- pany, sb long and anxiously expected, arrived by thc Balclutha on Monday last from Sydney, and will he presented in due form hy the ladies of Rockhampton to thc Company on an early date, of which due notice will bc given. Wo had thc privilcgo of seeing tho flag taken yesterday from the case in which it was sent, and unrolled, and wore at once struck with the richness of thc design, the brilliancy of thc colours, and thc evidently careful manner in which thc work had been executed by Messrs. Farmer and Co., of Sydney, to -whom it was entrusted. The brave old " Union Jack," which has "braved a thousand years thc battle and thc breeze," and which Campbell so happily calls thc " meteor flog of England," inspiring those over whom it floats, and regarded by thc people of all nations with respect, made, os it was held up, the eyes of tho Volunteers present sparkle with an honest delight, which was pleasant to look upon. As for Lieutenant Clements, from whose design thc flag was mode, it was doubtful for a moment or two whether he was not going to wrap it around him and call upon somebody to shoot him, in order that he might die with tho loved colours clasped tn his heart; but, like a good paterfamilias, he thought of his dii pennies, aud contented himself by expressing bis feelings in a quiet "hurrah,"' which some foolish people might have likened to thc roar of thc bull of Bashan. Joking aside, the colours are really very handsome, and very great credit is due to No. 4 Company, who are determined, and they can do it, to make thc Rockhampton Volunteers second to nono in thc colony, in appearance and efficiency. The colours are six feet by four, and are made of thc very richest corded Bilk ; thc ground work being red, or rather reddish maroon, and bordered by a broad handsome gold fringe, which adds to the beauty of the design without being se heavy or attractive as to weaken the general effect. There are, of course, the usual hand- some cord and tassels and cedar polo, the last, by-thc-hyc ; is not yet complete, requiring the spear bead. No. 4 may bc well proud of their colours, and if, when they aro flaunted in the air, and if wkiletkeylistentnthcgrand and never surpassed Natioual Anthem, they should feel a desire just to plunge thc points of their , bayonets in tho bodies of some imaginary foe, and say " TIIIP Qupenplnnfl never flmll L'o nt tile proud font of n conqueror." Not even at that of tho Heathen Chinee, they may bc readily forgiven, because without enthusiasm little good was ever done or very great accomplished May our number four? live long to march beneath their colours, and may our number elevens go and do likewise. Tun GGth monthly meeting of the Rock- hampton Building sud Investment Society, No. 4, will be held this evening at 8 o'clock, nt Mr. lt. L. Dibdin's offices, East-street. MAILS per Queensland, for Bundaberg, Maryborough, aud Brisbane, will close this morning-for registered letters at 9-15, and for ordinary letters at 910; for the Austra- lian Colonies, New Zealand, and Fiji, per Balclutha, they will close this day at noon for registered, and at 1 p.m. for ordinary letters. AT about 9 o'clock yesterday evening a storm arose from thc south-west and passed directly over Rockhampton ; thc thunder was loud, the lightning vivid, and thc rain fell for about an hour in torrents, and kept on steadily for some time afterwards. The good the rain will do is incalculable, putting aside the supply of drinkable water, which will bc a treat to the people on both sides of tho river. We understand that a few days since, and after some hours of almost unprecedented heat, it hailed at Yaamba ; thc stones most of them being larger than peas. A FOOT HACK for £10 took place yesterday afternoon, near thc Gasworks, between Messrs. Carver and Gray. Tho distance was 125 yards, and Gray was allowed three yards start. The til st heat was won by Gray, the second by Carver, and thc third resulted in a dispute, nearly everyone on thc ground saying that Gray was first, but tho judge (who, Ivy tho Way, was self-constituted), ossrting that it was a dead heat. At eight o'clock in tho evening thc men agreed to run the heat over again at 7°30 this morning, tho start to bc by pistol-shot instead of a dropt handkerchief os ou yesterday afternoon. Thc affair will receive full notice in our "sporting notes" of Saturday next. Turc case of Henry Jacobs bas been annually brought before thc Legislative Assembly for several years past, but until this session no member has ventured to carry the matter further than the more presentation of a petition. A short time since, howover, Mr. l'aimer consented to tako the case up, and inquire into its merits by means of a Select Committee, who on Thursday last presented a report stating that "So many years have elapsed since ".he proceeding complained of in thc petition took place, that a very great difficulty has arisen in procuring witnesses. Out of thc number named by tho petitioner your committee have been able to secure thc attendance of three, the most important of whom, JoBcph Pattison, whose evidence thc petitioner asserted would provo his claim, directly contradicts the statement of thc petitioner in almost every particular, except that he had jumped the claim. Pattison's evidence being in a great measure corroborated by thc sworn depositions of one of the partners in the claim, William Martin (sec evidence takea in thc Police Court at Rock- hampton), your committee have como to the conclusion that the petitioner has failed to prove the case.-A. H. PALMER, Chairman." lt may bc presumed, therefore, that this is thc lost that will be heard of tho famous case of Henry Jacobs. AT thc Police Court yesterday morning before the Police Magistrate, John Reynolds, au habitual drunkard, was brought up on tho old charge, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Ho was then charged with assaulting thc police in the execution of their duty, to which lie pleaded not guilty. Constables Hardy and Sheridan, however, gave conclusive proof of the assault. Senior-constable Burke having read over thc list of conviction's against prisoner, and stated that his conduct was violent whon he was brought to thc lockup the previous evening, prisoner was sentenced to two months' im- prisonment with hard labour, thc sentence to bc concurrent with that inflicted for habitual drunkenness.-Joseph Amorcin v. Daniel Burke, wages ; it was found that ill this case thc Bench had no jurisdiction, and it was accordingly struck out.-Daniel Evans was brought up, ou remand, for horse stealing. After hearing the evidence of Alico Ellings worth, thc Bench further remanded the prisoner for eight days, and ordered thc delivery of the two horses to prisoner for his defence. Bail waB allowed- prisoner in £20 and two sureties in £10 or one surety in £20. Andrew Craig, Traffic Manager of the Northern Railway, sued Albrecht Feez, merchant, for a breach of tho'Railway Regulations by sending a package of lucifer matches without marking the same on tho outside. Mr. Feez pleaded guilty, and on Mr. Craig informing the Bench that he had no desire to press the charge, thc Renell ordered Mr. Feez to pay thc costs of Court, 3s. Cd. Henry Palmer, before the Court (from tho Hospital) charged with attempting to commit suicide, was, on the application of the police, remanded for eight days for further medical treatment. OUR Police Magistrate WSB polite enough yesterday to informs us that tho planB and specifications of the Allenstown Primary School, teacher's residence, tank, &c;, were lying at his office for inspec- tion. Thc people of Allenstown have to bc complimented upou thc earnest maimer in which they backed thc endeavours of those who first came forward for thc purpose of endeavouring to establish a school in their midst, whilst they should not bc a little thankful for thc prompt assistance furnished hy those outside, who are always so ready to assist ill furthering public undertakings of an educational or eleemosynary character. Thc drawing away of a number of pupils from the Rockhampton Primary School will, in our opinion, be followed by extremely beneficial effects. This school, like that of North Rock- hampton, is far too crowded ; the pupils cer- tainly being more than can be properly attended to, in spite of thc energy and ability of their teachers, who are second to none in thc colony, in the earnestness they display in carrying out the honourable trust reposed in them, and for which it is highly to bc desired they should be far better remunerated. There is a great deal of hard thinking and hard working to bo done by our Board ol Education before our State Schools can bc pronounced to be in a satisfactory condition, or that the vost sum of money expended upon education yearly in this colony can be averred to produce proportionate results. There is such a thing as over-educating in some directions, nnd under-educating in others, and our system undoubtedly undcr-cilucates, BO far as indus- trial teaching is concerned, and by just as much it over-educates in a contrary direction. Hut these are questions requiring more than passing notice, aud they will, if wc mistake not, beffirced upon thc attention of the Government by circumstances rather than by individuals. One thinp; wc may refer to and with possible benefit-the children complain of thc intense heat of thc schoolrooms, and it must bc some- thing terrible this weather; sn much so that thc health, if not lives, of scholar nnd teacher is endangered. Would it not bc wise to relax somewhat nf thc discipline until this fever inducing weather has passed away ? Health stands before education ; without the former thc latter does not leave its mark, sav ia a moaner to bc regretted. A CASE was beard yesterday morning at the Police Court, to which it is desirable that all publicity should be given. Mr. Craig, the traffic manager of the Great Northern Railway, summoned Mr. Albrecht Feez for a breach of thc 114th section of thc Railway Act, in that the defendant had sent a case for transmission by rail marked " sundries," which case con- tained a parcel of matches, the ignition of which lcd to the discovery of thc actual con- tents. Thc clause referred to enacts that " no person ohall bc entitled to carry, or to require thc commissioner to carry, upon the railway any aquafortis, oil of vitriol, gunpowder, heifer matches, or any other goods which, in thc judgment of the commissioner or his officers may be of a dangerous nature, and if any person send by thc railway any such goods without distinctly marking their nature on the outside of thc package containing thc same, or otherwise giving notice in writing to the book-keeper or other servant of the com- missioner with whom thc same aro left at thc time of so sending," ho shall bc liable to a penalty not exceeding £50 for every such I offence. Mr. Craig stated, as tho defendant bad pleaded guilty, he had no desire to press for a penalty, his only object being to call public attention to the regulation now in- , fringed. Mr. Feez expressed his regret that he should have unwittingly offended against j thc regulations, the fact being that some : country customer had ordered a email parcel i of matches, aud they had been packed in a 1 case by his storcman with a lot of sundries. | He quite admitted the necessity of enforcing 1 such a regulation, and would give instructions to prevent any further infringement by bis establishment. The Tolico Magistrate thought that thc circumstances of the caBe would bc met-as Mr. Craig did not press for a penalty -by merely ordering thc defendant to pay thc costs of court, especially as tho object of the prosecution would be gained by giving thc matter publicity. AN accidental death by drowning occurred yesterday, iu one of the waterholes in the Victoria Park. The victim was a boy named Joseph Liplaw, aged seven years, who resided in Hope-street, Spring Hill, with his parents. The boy left home in the morning to attend the Leichhardt-street school, and at dinner time went to bathe, with two other school- mates, in one of the brickmakers' holes, of which there are several in the park. His com- panions gave the alarm, and the body was taken out of the water by Messrs. Allen and Cahill. Dr. Thompson, of the hospital, examined it immediately after, and declared life extinct. It was conveyed to the residence of the boy's parents by senior-constable Kelly, There are no more treacherous bathing resorts in Brisbane than these holes in the Victoria Park ; of uncertain death, slippery sides, and with most tenacious muddy bottoms, they are perfect death-traps. Courier. Foot men, of the class which prowl about frequented thoroughfares particularly in thc neighbourhood of banksi to swindle innocent countrymen of their cash, took a lucky digger into a public-house not far from tho Water Police Court yesterday morning, and proceeded to lay their snares before him. A stranger, however, who had observed them slipped into thc public house, and taking possession of a room adjoining that in which the sharpers were, he saw them with thc notorious match- box, and in the act of betting thc unfortunate £10 that bc could not open thc box, although the manner of doing so was shown tn him. Before their schoino roached its issue thc stranger passed through the room ; thc sharpers quickly hid their box, and looked as inuoccnt as they could ; and calling thc digger to him thc stranger warned him who his companions were. The digger looked very much surprised, but, profiting by tho good advice ; he left his companions to their re- flections.-S. M. Herald. A CORRESPONDENT furnishes us with tho following :-A most unusual occurrence took place on Saturday morning last, and one which I think worth recording. It is an old saying that " the «arly bird gets thc worms ;" in this instance there must have been a large number of disappointments, for it would have taken an immense number of worms to have satisfied all tho birds that passed over Bris- bane about six o'clock that morning. Such a flock of birds certainly have never -been known to pass in this direction for many many years. They consisted pf greculceks, blue mountain parrots, and Icathcrhcads. They can only bc described as in myriads, and so dense that they completely darkened thc sky I and they flew so l<vw that numbers were caught in thc branches of thc trees about thc residences in their linc of flight, which the cats in some instances caught, and properly disposed of, and tho noiso they made was something to remember. They called from thc north-east, and wrcrc travelling in a south- westerly direction, and must nave taken about fifteen ni inn tes at least in passing over. ( In former years, in the case of long-continued droughts, wc have known thc same thing to oocur, but, from all wp know, there has been no such drought to account for this flight of birds. About twenty years ago wc remember Brisbane was visited with such a Hight, and thousands alighted at tho waterholes and even at the river and drank, but the salt water sickened them, sud thc small boys in all directions might bc seen going about tho strocts with strings of them on sticks. What has given rise to this may be kuown hereafter, whether it bc they are driven before any severe hurricane, or whether they have arrived from thc far interior where there may have been severe drought, and come in search of water. Bc it what it may, it waB certainly a sight that is not often seen in a lifetime,-Courier. Till-: present seems to bc thc season when robbers and knaves of every sort are bestirring themselves to reap a fruitful harvest ; and thc sharpers, among thc rest, arc carrying on their operations successfully. Recently, a French- man, whom, for convenience of reference, we may call U, met a sharper, A, with whom bc went into a public-house to get a drink. While they were there, another sharper, C, entered, and introduced himself to them by inquiring if they had seen some friend of his. An amicable conversation followed, the sharpers proving themselves to bc very generous and entertaining companions. At last A and O agreed to play together a game known to the knavish faternity as "chalks,' which is played after this fashion :-A bets C that ho will place a penny under a tumbler, and that C will not bo able to guess correctly three times ont of five which side is upper- most. A accordingly sat at tho table, with thc unsuRpieinuB B by bis Bide, and placed a penny under a tumbler, while C, anxious to show his desire to bo fair, retreated to thc wall, towards which be turned bis face. Thc coin having been hid, A easily persuaded B to "go him halves" in thc wager, representing that it was "a sure thing" It was a sure tiling for thc sharpers, for A, by a simple sign with his hand, let his confederate know whether it was "head or "tail " up, the shut hand representing " tail," and the open band, "head." By this trick the unfortunate Frenchman was cased nf £20. Suspecting at last that he was swiudled, he began to exhibit an anxiety to recover his money, and thc sharpers consented to return £5 to " square it." Mot continuing satisfied, however, he cntnmuni I cated with tho police, and one of thc swindlers J was arrested by detective W. Campilio on a charge of obtaining mouey under false pre- tences. When the case came on, however, the prosecutor was non est, and the theory of the detective is that accomplices of thc prisoner spirited him away.-& M. Herald. WE leam that Mr. M "Devitt has been removed from Ireland to England by the Agent-General, to lecture in. the rural dis- tricts. Wc hope Mr. M'Devitt will be more successful in his new sphere of action in send- ing out a suitable supply of immigrants, than he hos hitherto been. The last shipment or two sent out by him have been by no means up tn thc mark. Wc are informed that a fcutleman wanting a ploughman went to the )epot on thc arrival of thc last shipment from Ireland, bopiug to obtain a suitable man. What was bis chagrin on finding that among thc whole number there was not one plough- man. We have of late been paying a high Íiricc for a very inferior article. We hope Mr. Macalister will make au improvement in this respect.-Queensland JPatriot. A C'OREEsroKDKNX of thc Weelç writing from Cairns, says:-On landing, tho first thing that strikes thc eye is the number of " pubs. ;" th next, thc tokens of an Englishman's love of fair play, as illustrated by the faces of several brawny diggers. On our remarking to one man, with a splendid pair of black eyes, that he appeared to nave had an ugly fall, he said it was only thc effect of change of climate. Provisions, when wc were there, were plenti- ful, and not dearer than on thc goldfields. Thc proposed new port lies on a flat at thc foot of high hills, which risc iu amphitheatre round three sides of it, the fourth side facing tho sea. On thc right (facing thc sea) is thc main river, at thc entrance to which the Government camp is pitched; on thc left, a smaller branch of the same river, then a swamp leading to the spur which leads to thc gap in the hills, over which old Bill .Smith and party arc the first to travel to the .Hodgkinson. The gap itself is simply a tabling of the range, which, except in this place, rises in abrupt peaks all round. Douglas' track is a little to tho left of Smith's, and 1 do not think there is much difference between tho two. The swamp proves that the flat may be flooded during thc rainy season, and if you know of an enterprising medical mau, with a good constitution, he might go there at once, as, what with thc mangrove belts, swamps, and the river bank, I am quite couvinccd that there will bc plenty of work for an energetic mau before long. Ouit evening contemporary (says the Courier of the 10th instant) announced yesterday, in very large type, the death of the lion. William Bede Dalley, Attorney-General of New South Wales, and in proportionately smaller "type the death of his father-in-law, Mr. Ijong, who stood in thc same relation io Chief Justice Martin. Though knowing Well Mr. Dallcy's bonhommie and generosity of dis- position, wc thought it rather unlikely that he would, even for family reasons, die on thc same day as his father-in-law, when by living he could be of much greater use. However, resolved to be prepared for the worst, we sorrowfully but impressively commanded our principal obituary writer and leading panegyrist to, get up all the facts of Mr. Dallcy's brilliant career; and write a notice worthy of one of the most genial men, eminent lawyers, admirablo reviewers, and eloquent speakers that Australia has produced. Thc painful duty was, wo must say, ably and conscientiously performed, and the manuscript is now in an editorial pigeon-hole, where we hope it may long remain. Our own telegrams mention Mr. Long's death, but say nothing about Mr. Dalley haring done anything more indiscreet than order an enquiry into the con- duct of certain, police constables. In all seriousness, we trust that it may turn put that Borne member of our contemporary's staff bas misread a telegram, and hence the announce- ment, and that one of thc most eminent .and Sopular men in these colonies, William Bede 'alley, may long be «pared to do thc State good service. THE. FATIIEB -OF TUE FUÍST BABY.-Dear sister, I now take my seat and sit down to take this opportunity to inform you that l am a dady at last. Abbe has got a nice, fat baby, and wo hope these few lines may find you en- joying tho same blessing. Now this is to be a strict business letter. Firstly, as I said before, Abbe bas got as nice a baby as ever made up laces. Nextly, I have swapped away old BwkxHn, and I think I have a pretty nice horse ; it is a girl and weighs nine pounds (I mean the baby), and is as fat os j butter, and has got a good pair of lungs. She has got blue eyes and a dimble in her chin (1 «nein thc baby now), and just the.prettiest mouth that ever opened to receive pap ; and ? judging from her teeth, I should think she was about six years old (I mean thc horse now). She is sound, smooth, and kind (I mean thc horse or the baby, either now), and thc doctor says she is thc fairest he ever saw without exception, (I mean thc baby.) I got $'2ö to boot (not on thc baby, though, for in its ease the boot was on the other leg, and two or three sizes larger, as near as I can find.) She is as hearty as a pig; ate an egg, and drank three cups of tea (I mean Abbe.) She is getting along nicely and if she don't have any bad luck elie will get along first-rate. She is troubled with disorders of thc etomacb, and they say this is n sign of colic. (I mean the baby.) I hope it is, for the nurse says colicky babies never die. She talks out of her nose as she takes snuff. (Tho nurse, > 1 mean now.) There, I've been reading this j over, and I eec plainly that I ain't fit to write, i Thc amount of it is, I am flustratcd. I am a j happy daddy and. that accounts for it ; so you must excuso me this time. j IF there is one position in life more enjoy- able than another it is, I think, that of an insolveut who has failed , for a tremendously large sum, and done it neatly-" within the four corners of the Insolvency Act," as the lawyers say. I often wish I was an insolveut, who had failed for a million, or something like such a sum. I would Bonner be in that posi- tion than be uncle to the Czar of Bussia, or first cousin to the Queen of Sheba. Such aman is happy, or ought to be, if happiness is to be found on this earth. He don't owe anybody a penny ; bc bas a host of sympathising friends ; he is uot expected to keep up any appearances, except a sort of mitigated woe and injured iunoccncc deportment before strangers ; and if bc has not saved enough out of thc wreck to make himself and Ins family comfortable, he deserves kicking. I was led to tho about train of thought a short timo ago by seeing nn insolvent leave the wharf, at Bris- bane, for a trip to thc old country. The choicest berth in thc vessel was secured for him, and sn it will bc on thc mail steamer that conveys bim thc last part of the journey ; thc little coasting steamer iu which he was depart- ing was scarcely big enough to bold all^bis luggage, and a host of friends were prescut to wish him a pleasant voyage. I hope I am not envious. I try my best, in a quiet, unostenta- tious manner, to paddle' my own canoe, and force ahead just os time, tide, and personal skill permit, without grizzling over thc slow rate of progress I am making as compared with others. It is a Booree of perennial satisfaction to mo to ktaow that wo shall all live till ive die-if nobody kills us- and that it won't make two straws difference a hundred years hence how much we saved or spent so long as wc worked our passage through in nn honest, manly, upright, and down Etraight manner. But 1 must say that wrhcn 1 saw thc gentleman before alluded to depart from these shores I should have been happy tn havo changed places with him. I should like tn make a trip to thc old country, and visit thc old places, and sec as many of thc oki faces as arc left. But there isn't thc ghost nf a chance of it. I am not an insolvent for half-fl-million, and never can hope tobo. I am not likely tn become an insolvent at all, for the best of all possible reasous, which 1 need not mention more particularly, and the Innrer 1. live the more firmly am 1 convinced that very few men in this great cnlony whn pay twenty shillings to thc pound «ll through ever get time and money enough for a trip to the old country, travelling fust-class all the way. Now and again one does it in his old agc, but insolvents for very large amounts nearly always can manage a trip of this kimi. Fortune favours tho brave.-Odd Notes by a , Bohemian. WE {Courier) understand his Excellency Governor Cairns has appointed, as his acting private secretary, the Hon. C. H. A'Oourt, his late aide-de-camp. THE Oxley correspondent of the Courier writes :-The death, by aotridental drowning, of Mr. Dugald M'Diarmid, a son of one of our oldest settlers, has caused a painful sensation here. Mr. M'Diarmid, who left this neighbourhood some ten years since, having made himself a comfortable home at Wardell, Bichmond Hiver, N.S.W., came back only a few days ago to pay his father a visit. .Returning to his own place after a week's stay, he appears to have been drowned iu crossing one of the rivers on his road. Sympathy with the relatives is widespread and general. 