NEW ZEALAND. THEWEST COAST • • ' - ' (Continued.) ? To vrttowhen one haa something to -write about is in itaelf sometimes a dif enlt task, bat to furniah matter for a newi lattorwhan thete lias positively^no besn tbt .ghost of' the leastlittle bit of newkiitirrihjt Jor the.laat month, is *t aif Tate>^o|igh'ip iiraii and perplex greater and inore philosophic minds than that o your correspondent; tliere is no doubt about it that thing*, inNew Zealand generally are remarkably quiet, not only on the l^est foast, but throiijjh the colony at lattje. ' Business people are c ing out aboiit bad times, but did any one over, go to a place and find these grumbler* really satisfied and without grievance? There is Without doubt a large amount of capital in the country, bat wJi'atinmy opinion baa tended a gr deal ' to ietitS'the progress ofNew Ze land , hasbeen tWprovincial system, th is to say, breaking the colony into a nu ber ,ojf smal states, each governed by governor onr a smal scale caled a sup intendent, and having aprovincial counci treasurer, secretary, &c.; Some parts, o course, have benefited by the arrangement, notably Canterbury and Otago, where they really don't knowwhat to d withthe public money, but others, such Westland,<fcc, are always keptback f -want of funds, and are in a chronic sta of indebtedness to the General Government. These province! have, however, now beendoneaway with, the councils have alred their collectivewisdom for th last time, and after JulyNew Zealand willcease to be a number of smal colon Tieing witheach other for supremacy, and will then be a 'united colony, ever one it is hoped working together for the general good. Things in looking a. little brighter fo the West Coast since I last wrote,. Go vernment iave promised to bring forwa atonce a vote for the Greymouth harb works, and a similar provision is to be made for Wesiporfc. An important rush on a. smalscale h taken place half way between Hokitika and Greymouth, at a place caled theT remakan Sliver, and alreadysome hun dreds of diggers are at work,, a townsh is laid out the sections of which have brought considerable prices, 'and a go deal of ^old isbeing got. The mountau arenow beginning to get covered with anow. Lastweekwe tad a' beautifu spectacle, the Southern Alps, about for miles from liere. some of which rise t the height of 13,000 feet,were apparen covered from summit to base witha" white mantle of anow, and the sun shin on this glitteringTange formed a specta not often aemthisside ofthe line. Neararhome the mountains, too, look Terr Sail. Afoot ton.wiles iip the Grey Biver is • wife of Veiy high raggedhill these are coveted with anow, and ve pretty they look in the clear mornings and prettier still on a moonlight night. Parliament will meet this inonth, and manj,an ahiiovjs eye willscan thft info mation then to be lid before the coun Upon thesobjecfc of finance the greate difference, of opinion exists,some, assert ing that the -.colony by the Tbgel pol • haa been beggared, whilst others, and am bound to say, by far the laiyer nu ber, confidently assert thatNew Zealan finanraally,waa never on a firme than now, and that' Tbgelhasbeen saviour of the country. It is expected that most likely the onlyway to comp andrender reproductive the great public worksof thecolony, will be another loan of two or three milUona, and thisseems ]>e themoei sensible course. to adopt although,'if such a scheme be proposed, is sure to "be violently opposed, and I question the Ministry chancing a defe On the question,-. unless their monetary position fairly dnvea them "to it. We a very badly off. on this side ofNew Ze land for "Vactonan mail aervice, nearly onr Australian ateamera going to .Sydne consequently all our . correspondence ha to go via Chnstehurch. which is tedi . and vexatious, as the river—the Taieri, Devil's Biver—in winter is very treachernns indeed, and your letters run a ehanas of being sweptaway in the •woleo waters of that noble stream, in •tead^of gaining immortality for themaeIres'in the columns ofTie GtppsTa Mertwrq; One healthv aiim here, at, an rate, ia-that all the tradesmen in the pla are in. full work, various buildings are going up, and on ilienew Governmen school there are ten «r,twelve carpenter at work.... It is expected to be finished another two months. Anew coart hous and various otheredifices are m course erection. > The post and telegraph ofh "have inst been finished, and could co fortablyswalow up tbeir Sale brethren. So Oreymontn, after»ll, is not such bad little place. 