ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. Mil JOHN ROSS AND." THE SOUL." To the Editor 'of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Sir, — In last Saturday's issue there is a letter addressed to you by fi writer with the signature of " Syrinc," containing a criticism on Mr Ross's lecture on the soul. As that gentleman does not at present intend to reply, I take tho opportunity of doing so ; I am very glad " Current Theology " has found a champion for one of its strong-holds, oveu though he disavows sympathy with it, for we are sure the more the subject is ventilated, so will truth prevail. I would hero say iu passing, it would be more honourublo if the true representatives of " Current Theology " would come forward and try to refute the arguments of Mr Ross, than in stigmatising him as a fool. " Syriuc" thinks Mr Ross is hold ! so do I j it required a hold man to throw- down the guantlct in tho face of tlie combined forces of. Platonisin, Pnnthoim, and Spiritism. Paul was a bold uinu in doing the same tit Athens, so was Luther at Worms, tho world lias uced of bold' men,: valiant for tho truth; But " Syriac " thinks htm " presumptive,"' if I10 means by. this term that tho evidence adduced by Mr Ross is only probable, (presumptive evidence), I say it is inoro, with tho whole ot tho Scrip tures to support him, tho evidence is conclu sive, but " Syriuc " may have meant <0 ltave used the word "presumptuous," well, we shall see if this epcthct docB not inoro pro perly belong to " Syrian," than to him to whom lie applies it. Tho flrst clturgo tnado by "Syriao" is. that Mr llosa denies that man if « constituted immortal," but attains unnV.i'tality through faith and obedience in, aud to the precepts of Christ and bis Apostles —in support of these views, "Syriuu" says, Mr ltoss states that " the primary moaning of the word ' S011I ' in Hebrew is creature; the secondary lifu," — " hut yices mi authority Jor hts opinion " " Syrian " brings forward the lexicographer Geseiiius to prove the lec turer wrong, but liku ninny a witness who has been relied upon to give evidence for the oomplulnnnt, has, under cross-examination, turned out to be a strong wit ness for tho de fendant, we shall presently see such to be the case with Gesenitts. But, O most disingenu ous "Syriau" I why didst thou not enjoin thy witness, not only to speak the truth, but tho whole truth ? and why hurry him out of Lourt so soon as ho had served thy purpose ? Had Mr Ross intended to have given an etymolological dissertation on tho word " Nephesh," ho would hnvo brought into his argoment the opinions of lexicographers nnd philologers, lie could have quoted. Fiirst, the highest existing authority on the Hebrew Inngungc, who in his concordance, deflncs ncpliesh ns "the soul," by which an animal lives, both man and brute," lie could ltavo brought Gcsonius, Roy, and Greenfield, all of whoso lexicons confine ncphc.sh to mean animal life and its functions. Liddcll and Scott gives psyche (for suelt is the Greek term for nephcsli), as its primary sense " the breath, life,', spirit, of man and animals," and Conybcnrc and llowsou, pngo 30. says of the "psychical" man (rendered "natural" man in our A. V.) " etymologicnlly speaking the animal man would be the best translation let that satisfy " Syriuc." Mr Ross never had any intention 01 handling the subject in this way, as n Christian teacher his object was to show from tho inspired Scriptures that man was not, and bad not, an immortal soul, and therefore, when lie used the terms " Hebrew" and « in the original" he did so as referring to the original Scriptures ns more reliable than our English version, every one lias a Bible, but all have not Gcuesius, he showed how the revealing Spirit employed the term, 1st as denoting a creature, a vitalised wyunism, and 2nd us tho life itself ; and if tho translators of tho Scriptures hud been faith ful to their trust and witheld their Plutonic views of the soul, wo would have had little cause for controversy 011 this subieot with those who accept the Scriptures ns their sole authority. I will now proceed to give " Syrinc" some good " authorities" which. Mr Ross did not feel called upon to give iu his lecture— he gave the result of his studies. " As 11 noun, nephesh has been supposed to signify the spiritual part of.. matt:; or what we commonly call his soul ; I must for myself oon feso that I enn find no passugo where it hath undoubtedly this ineaiiiug " — Parkliurst, " Hcb. Lex " Gun. Ii. 7— " 'nnd mun becumo a living soul,' i.e., a riving ciikatukk, sec chap i. 20, ix. 3, where the Hebrew words arc precisely the same. The description is not one bringing out any distinctive attribute of man, tut simply one describing the anima tion of the form shaped out of the duBt of tin earth, whereby ho beoamo what, iu chap, i,, the various tribos of created things are do- scribed us being, a lioiny being V Doan'Alford, Com. Old Te turnout. — Struhau and Oo. ICiito says of Gau. ii. 7—" we Bbould bo soling unfaithfully if wo were to affirm that uu immortal spirit is contained or implied iu this passage" (Oyo. Bib. Lit., Yol. I, p. 59.) Now I will givs "Syriac" and "Current Theology" a present of nu authority on tboir side.—" Some have dared to assort, concern ing tho nature of the rensonablo soul, that it is mortal ; we, with the approbation of the sacred council, do condemn aud roprobate all HHok ; since, aooording to the oauon of Popo Oloiuent the Fifth, tku soul is immortal ; and we striotty inhibit all from dogmatizing other wise; nnd we decree that all who adhere to the like erroneous assertions shall be shunned end punished as heretics."— Pope Loo X. in oounoil oi Lateran (Caranza, p. 412, od. 1681) to wkiok Lather rsplied— I permit the Pope to make articles of faith for himBelf aud his faithful; such as — tho soul is immortal, with all those monstrous opinions to bo found in tho ltoman dunghill of dooretnls."— Folio Works, vol. II, p. 107, Wlttemburg, 16G2. Lot us uome baok to " Syriao" and his wituoas. Gcnesius, get into the box nnd give us your primary definition of nephesh. G. (f): " Breath," " breath of life." Very woll, what are your proof texts? G : "Genesis, i., 20, 30." O, indeed 1 Why these are two of the four texts quoted by Mr lloss, from the flrst chapter of Genesis. (See lecture). Woll, what is your second definition of nephesh? G. (2): The soul, by which the body lives, the token of which life is drawing breath, the seat of which ' was supposed to bo in the blood, hence life— vital principal. " And it came to passs, as her soul, was iu departing, as she gave tip the ghost".— Genesis, xxxv., 18. Wait, Gencsius, a moment, till I give you the American Bibie Union's translation (not a commentary as is our authorised version) of "as her soul was in departing,"—1 "she ex pired." Now, Genesius, what is your next proof text, taken of course from the A V.? G.: " Let now t\\\e nephesh of this child return into him"— 1 Kings, xvii., 21. "Lifefor life" — Exodus, xxi., 23. .."The soul is also said to live— Gen., xii., 13; Psalm, cxix , 175; and to die— Judges, xvi , 30; to be hilled— Nimi xxxi., 19; to ask— 1 Kings, iii., It. To be pourc.l out (inaimuelt as it departs along with the effused blood)— Sam, ii , 12; Isaiuli, liii . 12." Now, I think the above evidence of Genesius together with those alre&dv; men tioned forrii a muss of authority proving the stand Mr Ross lias taken to be impregnable, which ought to satisfy " Syriuc." " Syriao" says: "Neither is it peculiar to Scripture, asMr Ross may easily discover." This seems to. imply that secular, or if lie prefers it, classical writers held that the soul was immortal. There is not tho slightest difficulty in discovering that both Plato and Augustine held that view, but it was not at all general. For instance, the Grecian his torian Herodotus, says, " The Egyptains ure the first of mankind who have defended the immortaility of the soul. They believe that on the dissolution of the body, the soul imme diately enters some other animal, and that after using as vehicles every species of ter restrial, aquatic, and winged creatures, it finally enters a second time into a human body. -This opinion some among the Greeks have, nt different periods of time, adopted as their own ; but I shall not, although I am able, specify their names.', — (Euterpe 133). " Sy riac" seems to'imply that nous, or the mind is the sume as nephesh, and is independent of tho body. Let mo, iu order to demolish that idea, bring, into one focus the light of science, nud the light of inspiration. . " We have. every reason for believing that there is, iu oompany with ull our mental pro- cesses, an unbroken material succession. From the ingress of a sensation to tho out going responses in action, tho montnl succes sion is not for an |instuut dissevered from 11 physical succession. A new prospcot bursts open the view ; there is a mental rosult of sensntiou, emotion, thought, terminating iu outward displays of speech and gesture. Parallel to this mental series is thu physi cal series of facts, tho successive agitntiou of the physical organs, cnllod 'the eyo, tho retina, the optic nerve, optio centres, cerebral hemispheres, outgoing nerves, mus cles, &o.; While we go the round of the montal circle of sensation, emotion, nnd thought, thoro is au anbrokoit physical oirole of effeuts, It would ho iecompntblo with ovorytkiug wo kuow of tho curobml notiou, to suppose that tho physionl chain rnd< abruptly iu a physical void ocoupicd by an immaterial sttb- s tail co ; wkioh immaterial autstnoco, after workiug nlouo, imparts its results to tho otkor edge of tho physical break, tttti dotormiucs tho notivo response— two shotos of the mate rial with an interveniug oosau of tho immate rial. There is, in fact, no rupture of nervous continuity. The only tenablo supposition is that montnl nnd physionl proceed togetkor, as undivided twins. When, thoroforo, wo Bpoiilt of a mental pause, n mental ugeucy, we ltavo always a two-sided cause ; tho effeot producod is not the effect of miud alouo, but of nind in ootnpuuy with body. That mind should ltavo operated on the body, is as milch as to say, that a two-sided phenomenon, 0110 side boing bodily, onn influence tho body ; it is, after all, body noting upon body. Whon a shock of fear paralyses digestion, it is not tho emotion of fonr, iti the abstract, or as a pure, mental existence, that docs tlio harm ; it is the omo- tiou iu company with a peculiar oxaited condi tion of tho brain and nervons system ; and it is this oonditiou of tho brain that deranges tho stomach. When physical nourishment, or a physicnl stimulant, noting through tho blood, quiets thu montal irritation, and raBtores a aliaerful tone, it is not a bodily faot erasing a montnl fact by a direct line of cnusatiou : tlio nourishment and the stimulus dctorniino tho circulation of blood to tlio brain, givo a now direction to tho uorvu ourrouts ; nnd tlio men tal ojudjtiou corresponding to this particular mr.do of corobrnl action henceforth manifosts ilu If. Tho lino of mental sequonaa is thns : not mind causing body, and body oausiug mind, but mind-body giving birth to mind- body ; a much more intaliigiblo position. For this doublo, or conjoint causation, wo oan produce evidence ; for the siugle-Unnded cau sa tion wo have no ovidooon" (Alox. Bain, L.L.D., 1'rof., Aberdoon, " Miud and Body," pp. 130—132). " Ooaso yo from man whoso ltitEATii is in nis nostrils; for wherein is ho to ho aooonutod of" (Isaiah ii. 22)? " Thou takest away their breath, they die, and return to their duBt" (Psalm oiv. 29), " His breath goeth forth, he returnetk to his earth ; in that veby day nis tiiouohts t'ERtsn" (Psalm oxlvi. 4). " Syriao" Bays : "It seems that Mr _ Rosa, aftor all his searok through the 'original,' is unaware that tho word uophehi is uppliod to God Himself, aud in suoh a way as to indicate that what it signifios is a part of tho Divine essence." " Syriao" is too hasty in his conolusions, tlio very text quotod by him from tho Old Testa- mont corroborate Mr Ross's statements, proving tho personality of God. In those tuxtg, uopbesb has a suffix nnd is equivalent to I myself, thou thyself (sec Gonosius, p. 5G0). But suppose it did sig nify the Divine essence, in wknt botto.- ense would he be in, when the Divine es sence was withdrawn; and, further, if it did mean the Divine essence, can he deny that all animals have it as much as himself ? Were we to allow (whioh wo do not) that the " Divine neplteslii " was a product of crea tion, would it be more audacious than to aver with " Syrinc" und " Current Theology," that the human ncpliesh is part of the Divine nature ? Tho Apostle Peter, in his second epistlo, i. 4, says : — " Not that we are now, but how we may ' become partakers of the divine nature '— (t'.c. by the fulfilment of the 'great and precious promises)."' (Compare Peter 2., iii. 4. J Paul tells us when these sha'l be fulfilled. Road Co intbians i. 15 — 42 - 54\. At the grave we leave behind, ("if believers) for ever the soul or nephesh hotly and in the regeneration nt the resurrection, will be given to us a spiritual or rooacli. bodv Tho Scriptures neither countenance the theory of a present immortal soul in man, nor a future immortal soul. I would commend " Syriac " and " Current Theology " to rend an article by Dr Burton /(.formerly Regius Professor of Divinity at'G'xford) quoted with approval in Conybt-tiro and Holvson's "Life of St. Paul," p. fiG volume 2, aud ask them to read, learn, and inwardly digest it. In tho Old Testament, ns quoted by Syriac, the Almighty ia speaking to men ib rough his prophets, and accommodates Himsolf to men by using tho language of men. When Ho spoko direct to Mosxs from tho burning bush He used totally different .language ; so whou Christ spoke to tho Womau of Samaria He did not say " God is a (Nephesh) soul," but " God .is a Spirit (Uooach.) Apologisiug for trespassing so muolt on your spaoe, ; I am, &o;„ ' OHAYIAH NEPHESH, i 