Sporting Notes. RACING EVENTS TO COME. Murrumbidgee Turf Club MocMng, December fl, 7, 8. Victoria Hoeing Club Nc« Your's Day Meeting, lit Januar)', 1877. ' Goolong Racing Cl ul) sleeting, January 27 ana 2B,1877. Wagga Wagga Racas December 6, 7.8, <31cn lane» Raoes January 2*, 25. 26, Tamworth Races, March fl and 7. Nominations, Dalby Handicaps, Marcb 6. Weights, Dalby Handicaps, March le. General entry, Dalby Races, April 12. Dalby Annual Races, April 17 aad 18. FROM southern files the following interesting items of news arc clipped : Leon, tho "mustang" man, has been out- doing his own and their former feats. He undertook to ride fifty milos under two and a-half hours, and he, with five mustangs, put the job through in 2 hours aud 18} minutes. These animals arc small, and average about Uti hands, arc hard in the flesh, clean in the legs, docile as sheep, and have beautiful shoulders, lean hindquarters, and Roman noses. These ponies can bc bought in Texas at from £3 to £4 each, and should pay to import to England. They stand a broilingsun with per- fect indifference, and last August, you know, iras- warm in England. Leon bas offered to ride anyone in England 1000 miles, mustangs against horses ; but no one is " game " to take him up in the old country. Perhaps he might find a customer in Australia. On the Sud October last, Mr. Justice Lut wyche's mare Mayfly (dam of Master Mariner), dropped, at Tocal,'Kew South Wales, thc stud farm of Mr. F. Reynolds, a colt foal to the Barb. The colt has been since named The Barber. Mayfly, as well as another marc belonging to the Judge, Miss Kate, by Kyogle, from Annie Laurie, the dam of Warrior, have been put to Goldsbrough this season. Tbo glorious uncertainty of racing was never more fully realised than by the result of the contest for the blue riband of tho turf, in which Mr. Wilson's graud filly Briseis was thc winner. A more sensational Derby few, pro- bably, of our readers will live to witness. Wc neod not refer now to the career of New- minster, as, with the exception of thc book- makers, very few of the general public have agreeable recollections on the subject. Suffice it to say that, although backed at thc start at 5 to 4 against the field, thc colt never bad the ghost of a chance in the race, and must cither have been greatly overrated, or, what is more probable, is not within a stone of his real form. Rut thc result of the raco proves, as wo remarked, the glorious uncertainty of racing, for it is no secret, wc believe, that Mr. Wilson only decided at the last moment, and that for a valuable consideration, to start his filly, and yet she not only won easily, but within a fraction of a second equals tho best time ever made in a race for the blue riband. Blair Athol and Kettledrum won their respec- tive Derbys on Epsom Downs each in 2m. 43s., whilst Briseis was only a quarter of a second longer. And considering that BriseiB's time was made on a dead level course, whilst the I course at Epsom is au undulating one, it is ] open to question whether the performance of the colonial filly is not the best of the three. AmlralatiiaH. By the mail accounts of thc Doncaster St. Leger have been received, and it would appear that Australian turf prophets arc not one whit less successful than their English brethren, for Kisber was unanimously pro- nounced a " moral" for thc great northern race, aud ut the post odds of 2000 to 1000 were laid ou him, yet he could get no nearer than fourth. lt is pleasing to hear that Sir J. M. Wilson, of Hobart Town, Tasmania, has entered thc lists as a breeder of thoroughbred stock. Mr. Yuille informs mc that he has disposed of Sir Hercules Robinson's marc Neredah to riir James, and I trust that ber new owner will have luck with her. Neredah is a finely-bred marc, as she is by Yattendon from Vanity by New Warrior, and as both her sire and dam descend from the great Sir Hercules, she should prove an acquisition to thc island colony. 