THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN. When the rapid strides made in- perfecting; the vessels trading between our port and Mel? bourne are considered, it naturally takes one - back to the early days, when the amount of ' traffic: employed only a few sailing vessels as. regular traders. There were some barques in the service, but the greater part of the traffic was accomplished by brigs , and brigantines. The steamers consisted of one or two erratic: visitors, who would only remain in the trade as long as inducement offered. Then the steamer Havilah initiated something like regular trips,. and became a great favorite, under charge of Captain Lowrie. The Burra Burra shared the trade for a time, and other, steamers of increased tonnage dropped in and afforded means for ready transit. As the. vessels increased in number, so the outfit , and appearances be came better, until, the service was tho roughly established, and for a time was equal to the emergency.. Some of the steamers built expressly for the purpose were very hand some in mould and. complete in equipment. At the time the White Swan first entered an. appearance she was much admired, but her size and capabilities were eclipsed by the Admella,. Balcluthay Aldinga, Goorong, and South .Aus tralian. The latter was an exceedingly fine vessel. As the importance of the colony ex? tended, so the people became more partial to frequent trips to Melbourne, and at certain, seasons the steamers were quite full of pas sengers.^ Since the arrival of the Flinders the proceedings pf the Adelaide Steamship Com^ pany have been watched with some interest. In order to give effect to the wishes .of share holder s» the directors sent to England for two. steamers suitable for the present requirements, of the trade,, and in Captain McCoy they found a gentleman whose long experience in steam vessels gave him every advantage in proposing and bringing to a successful issue the amalga mation of eveay improvement which could be desired to render the boats as near as possible perfect. For some considerable-time he has been at home superintending the work, and the result is the construction of two steamers, the first of which arrived early on Saturday morn ing, December 2, and the second, is expected to make the voyage by way of the Suez. Canal, in order to reach Port Adelaide before the end of the yea*.. The South Australian was. built by Hender son & Co., of Glasgow, and. in, hull, machinery, and outfit very great care has been exercised that each department should be finish&i; in the best possible way, and tbp inspection .induces the conclusion that . 'the shareholders will have great reason to he satisfied jwith , t)ie yessals, providing the second one is y^ual to the firat to arrive. She lis to be seen at'great advah ijtage on her . present stream berth, .where, she made fast to the hul&'Favorite; .directly op posite- Maclaren Wharf., Her, 226 feet of" length looks rather '. uwre-,' than \ lessthan - 'that, and this is over all from, stem to stern, for the usual cutwater," figure' 'head, and .-extraneous matter forwards " is -entirely abo lished. Her outlines, look; vejy well Sin deed, and the handkuhe "curves of the water .line are. carried, throughout"^ the hull. -Forwards she is fine below with a swell-out above, which gives" goodbeam to the.forecasfcla head, and although the upper dejbk hpaja broken ; .line at the fore'and main hatchways,' her spring and graceful shear are noticeable features. T-j afford clear; water to the ."SOTew.the ran is (TQt • away to a Very great extent, making .Her as as a yacht beneath, imd then springihjg.ol^.io'a great breadth above. There is not ah pVstrnc ..tion of any kind oh 'her sidey and- fror^ to ■?end she looks as fair as,possible, , Hejp present rig is that of a schooner with two lo'hg tapering masts, the foremost of which hp.8 three yards across, hut the experience of voyage has shown that square canvaB-is of."iittle.nse to her, and her rig will be .change^ to that of a fore and-aft schooner. Ih extoroals she is decidedly handsome,: having a Long promenade'upper deck with light iron, rail.surrounding it, and the bright teak of the skylight and deck-fittings wutrasts weUwifo theressel's dar^des. Xfc^re ' is very littlebraaswotk abotlVandthe whole i work of the apprenticesinthatparticular line will he devpted to the ports ana pteain pipe. The ports are very large smd plentiful, so-as t.o i afford good ventilation, and the deck is open land without obstruction. Before the saloon {space is the main hatchway r where a very (powerful steam winch does duty,- and before {that again is a large skylight, leading to the 'engine-room. The bridge is over; this, abaft ithe funnel, while the midship steering-wheel lis before it and within speaking distance of the master. There also is a? telegraph to the engine-: room, which possesses a new feature, inasmuch as the signals made are repeated, so as tor en sure correctness. Between the break off the deek-house and the topgallant forecastle & the fore cargo hatch, with another steam winch?so' (fitted as not only to- work cargo, but by a ^messenger lift the anchor and? work a capstan on the upper deck. The topgallant forecastle was qnite'a collection of gear,1 seeing thai the midship ' space has capstan- and windlass, land oh each side are. immense davits and .tackles fot dealing-withtheground tackling. In this end of the ship, the engiPCer and ship's officers find quarters. . Op each side, are ranged ' teak- built cabins, with offices ati ached, while the fore end is devoted to jack, who has not even the ancient appendage of a windlass to.invade his domain', There is a cabin below for the engineer's crew, and' abaft that, is-the '; second passengers' cabin. This is fitted'in a substantial manner with three heights of births, and some of the top compartments offer accom- - . modation for tivo persons. In the centre is a long mess table, capable of extension, if re quired. For the female passengers a separate compartment is provided, which is well fitted and furnished with every requirement. On the starboard side is the steward's pantry and store room, the whole being divided from the cargo- - hold by a water-tight bulkhead. Passing aft, on the main deck, the spaee in the waist is well used up by store and mess-rooms and a fine well-fitted ship's galley, capable of cooking food for a large number of people. The boiler space and engine - room are here, and the entrance is from-the main deck. The engines are on the compound principle, having surface condensers working direct action on the screw shaft. The cylinders are 36£ and 67 inches diameter, the stroke is 3-feet, and the combined power is 436-horse. Up to the pre sent the rate ef speed has been materially impeded by the preparations • for her long yoyage. The furnaces in the boilers have been so constructed to economise fuel- that during the passage she has only been worked up to an average speed of nine knots, with a. consumption of tons of coal per diem. The engine-room is a pattern of cleanliness and neatness, and no person would for- a moment imagine that the machinery had just completed a passage of 11,000 miles, or, , in the figures of:the counter, 41,454,156 revolutions , with Only one stoppage; As usual with such contrivances, the square of the skylight or companion is taken up by the two cylinders. '/Instead of the usuaL caat-iron deckway here, a grating.of wrought-iron bars is substituted, first, because it is stronger and far more light and ventilation finds access to the: machinery below, to one cqnwr.of' the upper space is stationed Sylvesters; governor, an iron fan somethingdn form like the vaims of a-vertical windmill. .-This is. driven by a hide rope from the main shaft, and when in a sea Way the vessel labors so as to suddenly raise the propeller from the water.- This process at once cuts off the steam, and prevents that jarring to the engine which is caused by the screw making rapid revolutions out of the'water. Passing away from the upper to the. lower engine room deck there is an iron (platform below the level of the crank shaft,'tod amidships stands the supports of the ponderous cylinders. Every thing in this compartment bears the impress of stability and good workmanship, and every possible novelty and improvements introduced. The water tight bulkheads, which are before and abaft the machine spaice, are closed by trap sluices working, into wedge-shaped grooves. The starting .and reversing, wheel on the port side is in immediate vicinity of the tele graph from the officer in chargej and the whole is so beautifully arranged that the control of the engineer over the working of the engine is like a piece of legerdemain,. The state of this department reflects great credit on the chief engineer, Mr. Torry, who courteously explained many details. He showed .where jets of water were played on the bearingp of the crank shaft, and how by a very novel arrangement another jet was circulated np and down behind the slide bars or guides. Some of the hollow sup ports of the machinery .have been used as reser voirs for. an oil supply,' and there are spare portions of. working gear stowed away in racks ready/ for. immediate use.. A! very pretty instrument is to be noticed! hanging on the • bulkhead. It is named a " counter," and by its- connection with the scretv-shaft it denotes 'every "revolution made in the most accurate manner. The donkey-pump. is;a useful slave,, being fitted with a com bination of. valves which direct its powers in various ways,. It . can pump out; the bilges,, or throw: a. column of water , half way over the masthead, besides filling; the boilers if necessary.. There is another useful pump to hand, which may he set at will Jo- any desired stroke for purposes of pumping.a sup ply of water to the condensers, one of *, which has twenty, thousand feet of tubing in it. The whole of the engine-room space is separated from the stoke hold by a bulkhead. There are two boilers back to back, and .fired from each end, where there are four furnaces, so ar ranged that two are over the others,, and from that fact it is necessary that the,firemen for the upper tier should stand on iron platforms to stoke. The! fires,- though all kept burning during the voyage out, are but half the size they will be when she is placed in commission. The coal bunkers on each side ace of a capacity of 100 tons, so that she is expected to carry fuel enough for the voyage to and fcom Melbourne. There is another cargo hold abaft the engine-, room extending to the stern, and capacious enough for a large quantity of stuff. The principal feature of. the vessel is cen tred in the saloon and its surroundings. It is beneath tha spar- deck, or, rather forms a full poop, which gives a splendid promenade only interrupted, by the deck-house which, contains the compwaion leading below, and the master's cabin; while the fore end is fitted fora smpking room or -deck lounge for the passengers. The external wood is teak,, which, enters into the composition of all the upper deck, gear—.sky- -' lights, -steering-wheel,- hencoops, and-—seats. There is an entrance to the saloon from the main, deck, but. that, from the upper deo^c is most: available, J$ading/as it dbes to ijtoapart mentsbefore thp dinipg^rocm. Oa ihe. star board side is the most; important pqft of the wlmle stnicturq-r-the steward's ptofe^ ;.. The .care- taken 'here 'is.; very evident. " The' fa4rfshenirafe':f!fr' marked with the vessel's name- and ' the. coto -ptoy'a flag, and placed to Tacks of al most evejy size; Cups, saucers, plates, and -fcovers arje all tok hand, as ..well as glasses and utjsnsilsjtheusesof whicharotomost unknown to outsiders. :to one corner is a steam kettle, kept 'tot fcy/A supply ftorii the main boiler) and inartohtois A^b^hereshihetonougheleetro pla' ce.tosetup.a_ small-store^.. Even, the ceiling is: appropriated/and there is hardly, a: space but h As something stowed'on iti The opposite* com partment is the Jadies'tobrn,rpplete withevery v thing, and ctj-pableqf ^extension', by appropriating l/aa ;eri<dbsect statp- ropm if necessary. -The. appq^ntmeqts pre Very pretty and complete in every way, , Posing further along the vestibule. the sal^om.extends' a^l the distance from-the ladies' cabin, and .^¥6. In. extremely gqod'ta&te.;" Thecedingof white tends torelieve the dark. color1 of the wo'od m'the'ptoelliug add-nila8ters,which_ are.of .walnut, with maple aqd jLauxel woqAhrod toftoditod to produce th®> best, effect'/ .The cotomns„ato'bltok, fluted jrith td ehd if toid Jhh isettee^aro of.' £he samp Ihe sT^^^pg tr^ys tod . .voyagers.- There iaanicechest and a medicito chestj and the vesse} has papery ion! board Ifbr < 1 fifty to siity gtogto ia&9 of the vessel is cafrled well aft, to it givetf « clear spaee amidships for dining, and leaven - room for very good sleeping cabins, while th* ; whole of the transom is devoted to open space, a most desirable matter for promoting ventila tion during the hot weather. In pressure ot numbers, however, this space may be extem porised for sleepers in a very easy manner, aw the backs of the settees lift; and thus bed berth* are formed. There are thirteen enclosed stato* rocms, fitted with mahogany bunks, drawers; lockers, and seats, and each has a'lane port, which in consequeaoe of being so far from,' the water line may be kept open in ordi nary weather, In addition to this valuable adjunct the partitions are formed of open work; quite preventing observation, but ensuring a free current of air. The whole of the appoint ments throughout the saloon accommodation are of superior kind, and the outfit has been not only well' selected at home, hut well looked after on the voyage, and froih end to end the vessel looks as if but a week-fronr the builder'* yard instead of- at the completion of such a long voyage. It would have been- more satis- ; factory to the engineer to have overhauled the intricacies of the engine before making the Par- . lkinentary trip along the coast, but that can be attended to oh her 'return, , and her opening . voyage in the colony will be doubtless a most successful one, and just such an event as will get the fixings on board iuto> real working order. If credit is due to' thai- designer and builder of the ship, so-also is to the master who has brought her out, especially as he has not only kept the vessel in good order, hut made a very fair passage, and were it not for some heavy weather at the offset compelling him to heave-to for a time, she'wonld havo beeu hero on the appointed day. Captain Boothby reports leaving Glasgow on September SO. He adjusted compasses at Gair loch, and steaming down channel landed tlia pilot at Waterford. On Sunday, October 1, at midnight, final departure was taken, and somo very heavy weather experienced, so much so that the vessel was only head reached at re duced speed until it became more moderate} but it by uo means settled until 40° north was reached. There were quite two days lost by the bad weather, but on the 10th October she sighted Madeira, and headed for Porto Grande to replenish coal. On Saturday, October 19, -she anchored, and on Sunday took in over 200 tons of coal, and on Monday morn ing.she was again under steam/ It was fouud after a few days that the average consumption • was about nine tons per diem. The vessel pro ceeded down the trade wind region at a satis factory rate, sometimes settingsails as occasion offered to a- brisk- south-east trade. On. Satur day, October 21, she crossed the equator in 20* 20' west, and on November 3 - was on -the prims meridian in 36°south. She was<of£the Gfcpeoa the 6th in 89° south, and by-the 20th had reached-St. Paul's. The easting, was crossed between 40° and 41?, but between the. Cape aud St. Paul's there were some terrificallyheavy gales, . principally from W.N.W. to W.SAV., > with heavy mountainous sea running;, occasions! hail and. snow, squalls, and to complete thai picture the thunder and lightning,was fearful. At one time a thunderbolt shot-down close to the ship, causing immense consternation but doing no damage. During all-the vessel be haved splendidly, and showed -herself to be quite as good'a sea boat as could be wished, aud \- although laboring heavily she shipped- n» wator worth speaking of. On the. 27th Novem ber she was off Cape Leuwin in 38°' 35-' south, audat2.30p.in., on December 1, CapaBortla was abeamon the 58 th day out, inclusiveof stoppages, hove to, and 48 hours coaling,at.St.. Yinoent. It was computed she had steamedi 12,444 "miles at an average rate of nine knots, and it speaks iu favor of the workmanship, to-add that the lafet8,000miles were performed wlthoutstcmpage. When it was known that she had. passed Cape Borda it was supposed she would show up at the stations during the night, aod.shoctly after 12 she headed well, in to the.-Glenelg Jetty, and there soimded a welcome, by the aid 6f her powerful steam whistle. Finding:no.response, she headed on to the Semaphore, and was there boarded before day-dawn. When there was . sufficient light she passed over- the- bar, and soon after made fast alongside the hulk Favorite. During the day. she attracted much attention, and . was very greatly admired by nautical men, while a . visit to her saloon aud second cabins was made by. many persons de sirous of looking over this; very fineacquisi fcieu to the colonial steam fleet.. There was . a. very large attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, Decern-, ber 4, when Dr. Silvester- submitted a pro-., gramme varied iq soma < respects, from those'of previous evenings. The.- singing and acting were much enjoyed, and- .the aabinet business created considerable, wonder and speculative suggestion. Messrs. McDonald:and Boase acted ; as {committee. The, dark..seance was cleverly managed, and was. heartily, applauded. The great point of the. programme, how ever, and. that which. ..was the most eagerly looked for., by, the audience, was tha. " ghost." This,, as- Dr, Silvester has ex plained, is not top. spectacular illusion know.a as "-Pepper's. Ghost,? but an illusion patented, by himself. [We. have, seen the patent.] Tha . audience were- introduced to the Haunted chamber ' ot & eastle, where an impecunious army major has valiantly ensconced himself, in order to win a, wager,o&£500. The major, who has provided himaelf with ordinary pistols, and also a pocket pistol, is. favored with the visits of the disembodied occupants of the castle, and certainly shows lesa fear than any ordinary mortal might he supposed to show under tha circumstances. There is a complete plot, which., is somewhat interesting. The ghoab business was wall managed, and excited wonder and admiration. The performances concluded with the glittering fairy fountain, which is one of the prettiest things over put upon the stags; here. • -• • 