THE MYSTEBIES OP CKIME: OB, The ExKSBiEirGES op ait EDDrBTraQH Dbtectite. — No, XVI. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A WOMAN'S REVENGE— THE LAST OF JIM MACLUSKEY. A few years ago a great deal of sensa- . tional nonsense and excitement was got up. about the poor ill-used ticket-of-leave man. Plays were written about him; stirring articles and pathetic letters appeared in the papers about Ms sufferings and wrongs, headed with the most moving and attrac tive of titles ; and all tended to show that he was the most virtuous and unfortunate of human beings. It was the popular clan trap of the time, and was swallowed eagerly and without question. Now it is pretty much out of fasMon— shoved out by other things, ' Amateur Casual,' &c;— 4-ut still there is a lingering fondness in the public mind for tickets-of- leave, and the good supposed to result from them. I have an opinion of my own on the matter ; but as I have no wish to bring a nest of hornets '. about my ears, I will keep it to myself. ' It is founded on experience, too ; but that has no weight when you are treading on other people's corny toes. Here, however, I have to give my expe rience of one ticket-of-leave man; and at the same time have done with a criminal who, one way and another, gave me more trouble and concern than any other three put together. Mind, I don't give him as a sample of all ticket-of-leave men, I only wish to show that it is just possible that these amiable pets may have old scores to reckon up and pay off when they are so kindly set at liberty after a few years' im prisonment. At the same time it will illustrate another thing, wMch I have now seen so often that I begin to believe that it is a kind of in visible law of the universe — that is, retri bution. Wolves, when they have torn and eaten the common foe, sometimes quarrel devour each other. Criminals are human wolves, and act true to the same instinct. However, I may as well begin now. 'And Jim Macluskey is recommended for a ticketrof-leaye.' This startling piece of news came in in a string of gossip from the mouth of the ser geant, one morning in the muster- room. A dead silence followed the momentary start ; and every eye was fixed on me. ' Are you sure of that?' I said quietly, though I knew well enough what the looks meant. 'Quite; and he will get it, too.' Another dead silence. What the others thought of I know not, but my mind ran back to the night of the trapping, and Jim Macluskey's last words to me — '*I will live to kill you !' I am not naturally nervous. The sight of blood does not sicken me, though I don't like to look at it ; and when I am fairly wrought up with excitement I would face anything. But still I felt concerned. It is not pleasant to know yourself to^ be sur rounded and followed by an invisible and impalpable danger. You cannot face it or, fight it. If Jim Macluskey was liberated, there was nothing for me but incessant watchfulness and wariness. . ' Of course nofcody liked to say tie thing to me plump and plain, but. I read it in their faces. It did not, frighten me, it only set me a thinking. -..??? ? ?? McSweeny scratched his head, and, not quite able to conceal the drift j of his thoughts, broke the awkward silence with the Words — ' « Well,if Ihad Hie maldh' the laws tiii^t be different. The police 'ud have moresaj in a matter like this! It isn't safe to let a man like that go free^ — begorta, it isn't r* abd he shook his clenched fist and looked roundas if he defied us to dispute it. ? The sergeant took a snuff, blew his- nose vigorously, and fidgetted a little. u Well you see, Mr. M'Sweeney,£hey say there isn't a single mark against^him in the prison books.'. . : 'I daresay not; the cunnin* hound hasn't done that for inotMn'.' '.,..''- .'.'-.. J . 'And then he has been quick, and in telligent and obliging, I hear, and of great service in controlling the other prisoners.' 'Of coorse; he knows them fcfli an' would make them do anything wid that multaverin tongue of his. He'd promise them Heaven itself, when he got out, if he thought they'd believe him. 'And then he has appeared quite a changed man.' . '. : ' Och, the hypocrite !' ' And promises to do better when he; gets out.' ,..'..... ' ' He'll keep that promise anyhow. 'Twas only forgery before ; this time if il be-^ ? '? A furtive side glance at me supplied both the nature of the expected crime and the principal sufferer. \ 'But, luck here now, boys,' warmly continued McSweeny, bringing his clenched hand energetically down on the other palm. ' If the vagabone gets out, an' harms any one here, whether the law touches Trim or not, HI take id out of his skin. Ye needn't laugh, for I'm in arnest. I'm an offisher, it's thrue; but I'm a man as well. Oh, laugh away, toys; it's the only thing you're good at, barrin' ating, when the praties ar& good ;' and he flushed up, as the laugh ran round the room, and certainly looked the most serious there. No mote was said afthVtime ; we sepa rated to our several rounds, and the subject appeared to be forgotten. A few weeks after, Jim Macluskey was at liberty and back to Edinburgh. I heard the news some time before I saw Mm ; but at last we met full in the face in the High-street, a little below Niddry-street. I gave him a nod, as a feeler, and was instantly favored with a look of deep, unswerving hate, wMch gave me a good cue to his after proceedings. Then I had time to notice a thing that surprised me not a little. Macluskey was . in company, and appa rently on the best of terms, with one of Ms cast-off mistresses, called Meenie Stark, and I puzzled myself in vain to tTiinfr what had brought the two together again. He had wronged her — that is, had made her what she was — then repaid her devotion with brutal ill- usage and neglect, then had taken another mistress and tossed Meenie out into the gutter to freeze or die, and then had tried his utmost to hunt her down and crush the life out of her ; and I knew that at that moment she hated him more thorougMy and deeply than it was possible for Mm to hate me. And yet there she was, smiling and fawning, and apparently hanging on his very looks. What could it all mean ? She was not bad, in the widest sense. She was a tMef, of course, and an expert one too, but that was all. She did not mix with the herd— more, she had a tender, feeling heart, and I have many a time ^ watched her unseen doing little acts of kindness and benevolence. But though I have said to myself, ' That might have been a good woman,' I never attempted to approach her except when she was absolutely 'wanted. There was a kind of repellent ferocity about her that made me fear her_It was 4iot there naturally, but had been ground into her by misfortune This was the woman who seemed to have suddenly linked herself to Macluskey. Had she forgotten her wrongs ? Had she for gotten that one drive of Ms cruel/hard knuckles had given her child its death-blow? Was she now to be a whole mine of strength to him in all his schemes and plans? — -or was he unconsciously treading on a slum bering volcano ? I didn't know. I couldn't make it out at all, though I gave the odd circumstances so much thought as almost to forget my own case and danger. A good many weeks passed away, and I was still sdfe and unhurt. The delay did not surprise me much, though I had now positive information that Macluskey meant miscMef, and towards me, and I .knew the man's cautious, deadly nature well ; but it did tend to make me less watchful and suspicious. Openly, of course, I had nothing to fear. If danger came, it would come in the dark, and where neither assistance nor a rescue was to be feared. ^ 'McGovan! Histi Speak a moment, please.' A woman, with her head and shoulders muffled in a shawl, had caught at my arm in the darkness of Middleton's ^f Entry, with these words, as I hurried through towards my own home. . I shook off the hand without ceremony and got out of the shade as quickly as possible, but the woman was still at my side. 'It's me, Meenie Stark,' she' said, eagerly, for a moment drawing back the shawl from her face. 'Don't go.away-rrl have something to tell you. I have waited two hours to see you.' Her voice was broken, and her tone flurried and anxious ; but it was something unusual about the face that stopped me and chained me to the spot. Dim as the light was, I could see her quivering ; and I had suddenly become interested and curious. 'Let's see your face, Meenie,' I said, with something like pity in my voice. ' ' Slowly and reluctantly she drew back the covering and showed a bruised face, swollen and disfigured, a black -eye, and -a forehead bound round tight with a white bandage. ' Ah, Jim . has done it again,' I simply remarked. ' He has hurt you.' 'He has hurt me!' she cried, with a strange energy, -pressing both hands tight on- her heart as she wailed forth the words. u Yes, he has hurt me .!' and it was quite evidentthat the hurt she alluded to had struck far deeper than the skin marks which had just: excited niy commisseration. u I wonder. -. you- took up with ? him again.' '? ? ???? ? --? ?-'? ':;:0 '???'?' ?' :: ? ' :r;-' She suddenly taught nj^ltoap^o tightiy 340 that her nails almost went^ihrouga the loot i^^gpgf^ph, ? ;p?^^J-^%; ?'£; prafe^fewai^l^wojild^ot die in ^rlsoa^ and -Qw^m^o Jdevil,; heard rajf prayer, J anlHie got o^t again. : , jj wa&$ v^acy time [ to wait, but it was ^one at last. Do you think ife%an jarful thing— a^e^ «T«rf«l thing, ?^Ctdn^p;sm^l^l^;'|ite'«tt^raly ' ? * It is— the ivoxstof cuaaies* -;- --/.^- £' £..' ** A^L yet !^jjg&^$j!!:: iwrfL^?, wjwds ° came OralilEe JtpGiiCJB $otj-1ftst- r Tr^lvr . . * I losa*? Jre ipd0Pooi ! M'Deimptti-*' ''-. ?:, -; ' m-^0&m; -4^^31diihat sucKecltliese lweasts^di^i&ionS.t;^ in my face like aljttje heaven^he^MHea at. Oh, I could Eaye : borne all— be ^might have phopped me in pieces, 'or burned fme alive, if ne chose, if mha^^y^m^^^twmhB∋* It was bnriedi andliMnk-aUmy^ilood turned to gall after Aat. TheJ think Fm strange, and mSflltit times? and so I am. , When I think b^fche jiasfc, taj brain becomes a flood of fire^nd ^ i^p^CisbfoYr a house into ihe air. Ijj|r^to'lEe^^-town-i»r' thuflring of other dungs, %ut it .conies back. And it ' -will come again. ''* Pm afraid he'll die some of these nights' ~ 'I always thought you something above the common, Meenie ; I hope you're not going to turn a fool now. What good would Ms death do you ?' : 'It jtsrduld jg^ve me rest— rest!' she firecely^ snapped out. 'There's a longing — a burning longmg^T-liere, which cries for something,' and she smote her breast with her clenched hand. 'I don't know what it is, but I see knives and blood sometimes when I wake of a night,' and she drew her hand over her eyes, as if she saw them then. ' I am sorry for you.'' I said it, and I felt it. u I know you «rc. You ware always kind hearted, though you are sharp and strict. Yo^tvere'kindto me. once, and I have not forgotten it.' u I think you're mistaken.' 'I am not. A brute ?. of a policeman struck me in the lobby as he was taking me down to the cells. You saw it, and 1 think I see the expression of your face this minute. You burled him off back against the * wall — for your 'blood was up in a minute — and then hustled him back into court with your own hands, where he was convicted and fined.' 'Ah— -I have a faint recollection of something of the kind; but that's surely years ago ?' 'Yes; but women have long memories. It was that brought me here, for I will not aee you harmed. You are in danger.' 'From Jim? I know that already,' ' Yes, but it is coming soon ; how, I don't know yet. They're making it up among themselves, and plaining it all out. But you need not be in any great fear, I'v'e heard wlrjr you trapped him — because the man he killed had been kind to your mother — and I will watch for you.' ' It is very kind of you, Meenie — thank you. But could you not— — ' ' Don't try to talk to me like that; it goes through me like a knife,' she interrupted, almost fiercely. ' I know what you would advise, but it's no use with me. If there's a hell anywhere, I'm going to it — I know „ it. I sometimes think I feel it already. I dream that I'm dead, and it always seems as if I had been hanged JirtL Perhaps I'm only mad. Do you think I could be mad without knowing it ?' u So' long as you are afraid of turning mad, there's not much fear,' I cheeringly retipned. 'If you were mad, you would very likely think yourself sane.' ' I knoW all that, but I fear it because I bave grown so much afraid of moonlight. When I wake up in the dark Fm all right, but when the moonlight is streaming in it chills me to the heart. I would sooner see my mother's ghost, for I always think I see a bloody knife sticking through the cold light. -He knows nothing of it. He thinks I'm bright and happy, and joyful at being near him. Oh, Heaven ! how will it all end ?' and if Macluskey could have seen the wild sweep of her arm through, the air, and heard tine woeful, sharp ring of her voice, I question whether he would have slept so calmly that night. I was roused — thrilled through — -but could cot exactly lit upon any good sug gestion that she was likely to take. 'Get away from him,' I said at last. ' You are not fit to be near him ; it is dati gerous. If I can help you in anything — ' 'You can't; dont speak of it. It is dangerous ; but I will S3e the end of tills affair — I will watch it out. What lies beyond God only knows.' She was gone, without another word. I watched her %ing figure for a minute, till it melted like a shadow in the darkusss, and then I sadly took my way koine. A few nights after, instead of getting comfortably home after my work was done, I was sent away out past Merchiston, to see about some house robbery that had been reported. I am no believer in presentiments— I bav^had that feeling so often, and nothing hascome of it — but I must say that that night there was a feeling of uneasiness about me every foot of the lonely road. I was continually starting and looking over my sh oulder. Sometimes I would suddsr^y stop, hold my breath, and listen — fancying » I had heard the rustle of some one following close behind. Owiup: to a meagreuess in the address, I did not find the house, and at last conclude 1 that I would return, and see after it nest day. First, however, I struck a light, and bad a look at the note that had been sent in. There it was, written in a lady-like hand, headed 'Rixon Cottage, Brjezy Brae,' and particularly requesting the im mediate services of '? Detective M'Govan.' I did not look at it long, owing to a queer circumstance. The light I had struck, of courss, shone full on my own face, and had any one been watching me from a short distance they would have recognised me distinctly. It was different with me; the light formed a kind of screen through which it was diffi cult for iny sight to penetrate at a glance. A kind of rustle made me look up over the open letter, and then I fancied I saw against the tall hedge opposite, and a little distance further along, the shadowy form OMfc woman. Though startled a little, I deliberately r extinguished the light, crushed up the note in my hand, and locked again. It was £one. I walked along the road till opposite the spot, and listened. There was a gap in the hedge, but no sound of retreating footsteps or rustling dress. I was about to cross grefand peeiSfeftjgb^whm if. Jasfc&ep; ;tieiimd}jgtej icominffiuf -my direction, made' ??met look routiifc JDsaw :-***/ i£ was the lfeftxre of a man,, and, hoi? Ashing to. appear iS*if I'w4sl$fofi%;i ^Walked on Istdwly in the ASif^oit.pt 1E|iabja^g!i,? thinking he .-, wouid^byertakemea^ndpass on. ;. , But lie rdidn't. He appeared to have accidentally struck the«ame space as myself, ^Tforlgdtas faras Greenhill, and on looking a$|ixid saw him exactly the -same distance tjehini, '? ? *.*,/.' . ,; . .:' I cut along through Bruntsfield Links, asa quicker road homeland there our roads seemed to have separated, for I no longer be^rd the pad- padding of his footsteps be Inzidme: ?''.'.. ; : ''i.h'ad nearly reached the Meadows, when a man suddenly: stepped out into/the dim. light before me from behind one of the i trees, and cautiously raised his hand. I started well back ; for it was just pos sible that it might be the same who had been behind me, and that he had iust cut round by. the other side at a quicker pace than myself ;*and, besides, the force of habit was strong on me. I had done the same lor 'weeks. -'Don't be, afraid, Mr. M'Govan,' said the man, in a smooth, sneaking tone. /It's only me— Tony Brand,' and then I recog nised one of Macluskey's new companions — the nucleus, perhaps, of a fresh gang. ' Well, don't come near me — I don't like it,' I sharply returned, keeping one hand in my coat-pocket. ' What do you want ?' *? Oh nothing; only I've been looking for youall;afternoon,andatiastl went up to the office, and they said you were out this way, so I waited here for you.' 'Were you following me— out by the Merchiston-road ?' 'Following you?' he echoed, with an innocent and surprised look. ' I don't know what you mean. And where's the Mer chiston-road? You know I'm quite a stranger in Edinburgh.' .' 'i es, stranger than welcome,' I shortly returned. 'Bah! Never mind about the following ; I don't care whether you did or not— it may amuse you, and it certainly does me no harm. What are you up to ?' ' You won't betray me?' he said, cau tiously. 'I have no time for nonsense,' I said, moving away. ' Say it at once, or I'm off.' 'Well, I will. Stop — how much .will you give if I betray Macluskey into your hands?' ' I will give you — three kicks and a pocketful of nothing. Why should I do otherwise ?' ' I thought you had an old grudge against him?' 'Did you?' ' Yes ; and I can tell you another thing,' and here his voice sank to a whisper. 'If you don't nab him soon, he'll ? 'and he suggestively drew his finger across his throat, and then made a pointed dab through the air towards me. ' I'm much obliged to him — I hope hs'll get the chance,' I derisively replied. 'Well, is that all?' 'No; but if you don't want him nabbed- ? ' . 'Oh, ,but I do — and you, too, if I can manage it. I'm paid for that, you know.' ' Well, you can nab him to-night, if you lite.' 'How?' ' On two conditions, I'll tell you. First,' and he whispered something in my ear; ' and second, that you write me an order for a lodging in the Police Office till I can get safe away out of Edinburgh. My lifa wouldn't be worth a brass farthing after be traying him. Do you agree ?' ' I agree. Let's hear the rest.' ' Well ; you're not afraid to tackle him alone ?' ' No — or both of you, if it comes to that.' ' Well, we arranged to crack a crib at the Grange to-night — No, Dick-place. It is empty, and the plumbers have been work ing at it for some time, and keep their ladder — a long one — in the. garden behind. We were to get in by the roof, using the ladder, and make a clean haul, to-night, as the family will be back from the country to-morrow or next day. He is away there now, and I was to follow about this time. You are about my size. Change coats, mufflers, and caps with me, and go there instead of me, and the thing is done. I thought for a while. In reality, I may say, I was eager to capture Macluskey, as the constant strain of watchfulness was beginning to weary me. More ; even if this should turn out a scheme to entrap me, I was not afraid to face Macluskey— if he was alone. But still something said to me, above every consideration, 'Don't go.' ' Is he alone ?' I asked at last. 'He is. There's not a soul there but himself.' I had another minute's thinking. ' I'll swear it, if you like,' he said, at last. ' I daresay you will — or anything else ; but I dont want that. Til go. Off with the togs.' tl Write out the line first.' ' I will, while you take them off.' I scribbled out the line, which he care fully read over, and then we changed coata, caps, and mufflers. ' Aren't you afraid it's only a scheme to run off with your coat ?' he asked, with an ugly leer. ' I might bolt— eh ?' ' No — I will prevent that,' I said, and I meant it, as the reader will see presently. 'Will you oblige me for a moment?'! said, recollecting myself, and possessing myself of the pistols in my coat pocket. ' I might find them handy, and of course they're no use to you.' ' A pair of barkers — very good — yes, is as well to be prepared,' .he said ; but he looked sulky for all that. We walked along together the length of the middle walk, and then I stopped to turn up to the Lovers Loan, and held him in talk till the policeman of the beat ap peared in sight. With a sharp whistle and a shout I pounced on Tony Brand and held him fast. He seemed petrified with astonishment, but I had hirn handcuffed in a twinkling. ' Take that man to the Office at once,' I said to the policeman. ' Get help if you need it, but don't lose him. I have to go somewhere, and will be there by-and-by.' ' Fm much obliged to you, but it's not at all necessary ; I will go myself,' broke in Tony Brand, with an attempt to conceal his chagrin and alarm under a smile. ' I swear' ? 'Ay, swear away as long as yoa like. Goodnight,' and I was off, while he was lugged away in the opposite direction. In thfe L'ovef s? Ijoari; I again fancied I heard the rustim^, girding sound behind me, r and, looking suddenly back, I now distinctly ? saw, 'by the dimiigtot of ^ th.0 rising fooon, .the figure of 'a woman, down near the bottom of the straight walk. She' was . coming in my direction, too — at least I .fancied so — though she stopped and hesi tated; But what was that to me ? I was now in the town, so to speak, and anyone nught be going in the same direction 'as myself. I Iiurried on, and thought of it no more. I got back to Dick-place, made':* sure . that I was at the right house, and' listened intently. / % There was no sound pf any one stirring within. Looking through the iron railings, I saw a good deal of litter and rubbish lying about. Good — so far things tallied with Tony Brand's story. '.' I got up on the stone kerb, aad thence with some difficulty pulled inysalf up ani over the spiky iron railings, feeling as .1 dropped into the garden inside that it was just possible that Macluskey was there — looking down upon me at that moment. Cautiously and quietly I crept round to thebackof the. house, and then my heart gave abpund. Standing against the house at the proper angle, and reaching to the roof, was a strong, heavy ladder} such as is used by plumbers. / ; I was Jiow in the shade; but seeing it distinctly against the sky, I groped my way towards it without hesitation. I felt by the softness of the ground tliat I was crossing a flower plot, and treading down flowers on the way; but I was 'too ; eager and excited to think of anything' but reaching the ladder. Before I had gone half the distance I. suddenly made a step upon nothing, and went tumbling down nearly six feet into a deep square hole. I was a little bruised and startled, but not hurt, and would, have clambered out at once without thinking anything of it, had not the peculiarly straight sides of the narrow hole caught my attention and made me pause Why was the hole there at all ? And why was it so straight and square, and exactly like a — a — I didn't like to bring the word out, even to myself — like a grave ? It had been- recently dug, too — the spade still lay at the side, and the pile of earth that had been taken out was still damp and wet to the touch, though there had not been rain for weeks. A disagreeable thought or suspicion flashed upon me ; but I resolutely dismissed it. A curious, creeping sensation, like the rising of my hair on end, came over me as I slowly felt the sides of the hole with my hands ; and then with a quick spring I got out of it, determined to see the end of the thing at once. I reached the ladder: — took out one of the pistols I carried, cocked it; and placed it between my teeth, and then * slowly began to mount to the roof. I got to the top, out of the deep shade into the moonlight, and then saw that the hatch was open. But I saw more. There was a light inside, and the sound of some one moving. The moment my feet touched the slates the light went out. Still undaunted, and more curious than ever to see who was between the slates and the roof of the bedrooms at such an hour, I took out a dark lantern I carried, turned back the slide, and approached the hatch. I listened. Everything was still — deadly still — now. The glare of the lantern turned into the wide hatch showed the bare raf ters within — nothing more. Still I had an unaccountable reluctance to dropping down inside. It was not fear, but a strange aver sion. ' Anybody there ?' I said at last. The sound of my voice died away, but there was no answer. I turned my feet round into the hole and dropped down inside. Then all became a blank. I must have been felled, I think, with something heavy, and on the head; for when I came to myself I was lying on the bare rafters, roped into helpless rigidity, with the blood oozing from a cut on my forehead, and the glare of my own lautern turned on my face. There was no other light ; but a straight white strip of the moonlight came in from the open hatch above, and fell on a face — a man's face — before me. The man was Jim Macluskey ! ' Ah, you're not dead yet ?' he said, with a savage grin. ' You will be shortly ; but I would not like you to go without knowing who sent you. I mean to kill you.' '?yyiiatfor?' 'Because I hate you, and we cannot both live !' he hissed, waving the knife in his hand within an inch of my face. 'The world is not big enough for us both, and I swore that night to kill you, though I swung for it the minute after. You hear ?' ' I hear.' This was only partly true. I heard the sound of his voice, but all my attention was fixed on the open hatch above his head. I thought for a moment that a dark shadow crossed it and obscured the light. ' Well. I give you a minute — five minutes to prepare. Your funeral won't be numer ously attended. I dug the grave myself, and I m to be the chief mourner. A good idea, wasn't it, to bury you in the garden of a respectable house at the Grange? They'll never look for you there; they'll be more apt to look out about Breezy Brae, beyond Merchiston.' ' Ah, then you sent that?' 'I did. There, now, don't trouble to open your mouth to shout, for these houses are so far apart that you'll never be heard. Are you mad? What the d ? 1 is it you're always looking at behind me ?' He turned round, and then the shadow I had been watching sprang forward into the strip of moonlight and became a woman. A strong one, too, as it seemed, for she grasped him by the shoulders, hurled him aside, and defiantly took her place in front of my prostrate figure. Then he recognised her. 'Meenie! The devil! What do you want here?' he shouted, with a horrible oath. 'To save him.' 'Are you mad?' ' I don't know whether I am or not,' she cried, in a tone that startled and chilled me with its very calmness. 'Jim Ma* cluskey, if you value your life, go away from here ;' and-: she pointed to the open hatch with the knife she had wrenched from his hand. 'Woman, stand lack, or TU strangle you!' 1 1 He ^ac'VTOpaifng for. aj; ffpv4£W £w imperious, haughty rearing of the woman with the 'knife, stopped him. in the same fearfultpnes,. '4on'tdcross that itrip iof light. -Ddhtt^lb'k^Pwarn you. I've seen it in my dreams, And there was always a bloody knifestieki% through it.' ? -(Do you take sine 'for ' i0 fool ? Stand back!' and with a bound he was on her, and had her by the h^r before the words were out of-hlsTipiiV^L They struggled together, almost without a sound, f or a f ew mofiients ; and then I think the knife must have touched him, for he let go. ;' f ?'?'' '^ ^ ; Only for a moment. Hjb sprang forward with a yell of rage. Bit he never got across the strip of moonlight. Her hand went through it, knife and all; and when it came back it was red and reeking. There was a great wild yell from him, and a scream from her, and then he went straight back, and flapped, down rigid and still, on the bare rafters.' ~ ftThe knife dropped from her hand — she stared about in a maze— and then slowly drew her hand across her brow. It left a red streak, and the wet feeling seemed to . attract her attention. ' There is something wrong,' she gasped, in a whisper. ' Where am I ? I dreamt that I saw the knife again— Jim's knife — all red-like, and steaming. But they put the .; poor wee thing in the ground ; he said he was sorry for it, too, because it was his own child. Oh, if he had only killed me in stead, and let it live — it was so tender aud young. I don't like to think of it. In the morning when I wake, ill try to forget it.' She sat down, taking no notice of me, whether I spoke or not, and maundered on in this way till well on in the morning, when X managed to make myself heard by the policeman on the beat, who' had the jiouse broken open and me released. Meenie was taken to the office, whence a stretcher was dispatched for the body of Jim Macluskey; but she never spoke another sensible word. The Asylum for pauper lunatics received her a few days after, and there she remained till her death. Tony Brand emphatically denied all knowledge of the plot ; and as we had a bad case in regard to proof, we detained him on another charge, upon which he was tried and sen-' tencedto nine months' imprisonment. As to my affair, and the last of Macluskey, the papers gave a garbled account pf it, under the title of ' A Strange Stabbing Case at the Grange,' and then he was— fitting fate —forgotten. 