GENERAL NEWS. t On Christmas Eve several brass bands perambulated the streets of Kapunda, and awakened the inhabitants by their performances, - -A party of vocalists also added .to the harmony of the. night by carol-singing. Christmas Day itself was spent in a very quiet manner by the , Kapunda people. The usual religious services were held in the morning, and several picnics' of a private character took place. The only amuse ment of a public nature was a cricket match between the Kapunda and Marrabel juniors. The matchj after an exciting contest, resulted in a victory for the Kapunda boys by two runs. In Ithe afternoon an inquest was held on the body of a man who had committed suicide by drowning. The Hospital at Kapunda is beginning to. make a show, the walls being about four feet high. The number of rooms is large, but they are small. The building is in a commanding position at the northern side of the township, and when completed will prove an ornamental addition to the buildings in that locality. Pre parations are already being made for the cere moriy of laying the foundation stone, which will take |place on January 9, with Masonic honors. ' < Charles Langrouber, a tailor, formerly living in. Kapunda, committed suicide, by drowning himself in the River Light on December 23 or 24\. .The deceased had been in Kapunda for three or four years, and formerly, was foreman. atMr. A. Thomson's, but latterly had been car-' rying on bnainesa on his own account, He was of a,pecifiiar disposition, being subject to fits of despondency, during which'he had several times -attempted to make,away with himself. An in quest was held on Monday, December 25, at the North Kapunda Hotel, by Mr. J. Elliott, J.P., and a verdict of " suicide whilst in a state of temporal insanity" was returned. Mrs. John Dudley, who was stabbed by her husband'last evening, was still lying in a very : precarious state this morning. The Kapunda recreation ground presents a bare and desolate appearance, as for some time pastjsheep. haye been depastured on it, and .the grass has been nearly alt eaten off. The 'sum of £10 spent in eucalyptus seeds, which were sown on it, has been thrown away, as not onb of the seeds has come up. A fire took place on the property of Mr, "William Thomas, at Victoria Township, Ka punda, on Saturday morning, December 23. It broke out about 11 o'olock, and.before it.was got under it destroyed a quantity of kangaroo hedge, the grass, and. some of the trees .in the garden; and a pigstye .\?as also burnt, but its inmates had been let looqe. • One. time the. fire came dangerously close to the house; but the exertions of about 40 or 50 of the neighbors/ with wet bags, were successful in sating it. It is supposed that the origin of the fire was the carelessness of some boys who weraamoking under the hedge. We learn that the country ~about the country about the Darling and Upper Darling, ' towards the New South Wales and Queensland \- borders, is in a critical 'state. "Men who hate lately come in from Mount Gipps and stations in-that direction state that the land is Jvery barren, and .that there is not the necessary feed for stock. Unless rain comes quickly and abundantly the sheep on the rims will be in great danger. They say that it is now too late for any rain to securer good season next year, -andthat all a copious downpour will do will be make things'tolerable. ' Richard Harris, an elderiy decrepid man, who for many years was employed a Corporation . 'laborer at Fort Adelaide,.was drowned on Mon day night, December 25, in the swamp between Fort Adelaide andr.Portland Estate, and close •to thePort-road. Shortly after 11 o'clock- a report was made to the police that a splash had been heard in the locality referred/to; and that a man's hat could be seen floating on the water. The police went at once to the spot, and after a - short time, the body was discovered, but life was extinct. An inquest, will be held this after noon; The Ceres will make excursion trips to Edithburgh and Stansbury to-day and to morrow. : The Port Adelaide Catholic picnic will be beld to-day oh the grounds of Mr. D. Bower, M.P., at Woodville. The entries for the ketch race which is to take place in connection with the sports at Glenelg on Thursday, the anniversary of the colony, will be taken up to "Wednesday evening, the 27th December. We are informed tha,t the Surveyor General will . this, week visit the Government dam near Port Firie, to arrange matters respect ing the local water supply, and that instruc tions have been issued to the lessee to allow the residents iu the meantime to take water from the dam. : Mr. J. Roberts, jun., the champion bil liard player, commenced a series of billiard matches at the Globe Saloon, on Saturday even ing, [December 23. His opponent was Mr. Albert ■Wliite, to whom he gave 700 points out of 1,000, Mr. White was the victor by 137 points. The highest break the champion made was 80. Mr. Herbert JSvaushas repeivOil a tele gram from Messrs. Boyd & Currie, agents at -Melbourne for the Adelaide Steamship Com pany, stating that the Smith Australian arrived at Williamstown at half-past 7 o'clock on Saturday morning. She left .the Semaphore at 5 p.m.,on the 22nd, so that the voyage was 38| hours from that point, mid 42 hours from wharf to wharf . •• . The following gentlemen hare consented ,to act as a committee for the'collection of sub scriptions for the relief of the widow and family of the late Captain Thomas, Of the Postboy:— Messrs, J. M.'Sinclair,MvP., H.' W.Thompson. H. Weman, and J. 0. AddiBOn, Captains J, McLeod [and T. Drew, and Mr. W. L. Dickson, Hon. Treasurer. The Treasurer informs us that he has received a donation of £10 from Mr. G. F. Angas to the fund, and that the. Committee has assisted Mr, J. N. Cave, theonly survivor of the catastrophe, by supplying him with a fit-out. ; On Monday evening, December 25, a serious fracas took place at; the residence of Mr[ Edmeades, North-terrace. It appears that a man named John Dudley had a quarrel with his wife, and. from words they proceeded to; blows, and Dudley used a butcher's knife and stabhed .his wife in several places. The com batants were separated, and the woman, under the advice of Dr. Whittell, who was called in, was taken to the: Hospital, where the wounds were sewn'up, and other attentions' such as the nature of the case required were given. The husband is in custody. Mrs. Dudley-was in service at Mr. Edmeades's. . (t Replies have been received from New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland, and Western Australia,1" states the Melbourne Argus, "assentingto the proposal to hold a Conference on the subject of duplicate cable communica tion. The Conference will be held in Sydney about the end of January. The South Austra lian Government suggests the advisability of the Conference also considering the subjectof postal communication, Our contract with the P. & O. Company will terminate in abouttwo years,and as the San Francisco service is not at the pre sent time on a satisfactory basis, the subject is one which might be suitably considered by a Conference of the colonies interested." The Secretary of the Marine Board has kindly sent its the following telegram, which he received on Saturday, December 23, from 'the Harbor-Master at Port Augusta:—" The wreck below Point Lowly reported yesterday is the barge Sarah, carrying stone from Point Lowly to PortPirie. She left at 4 a.m[ on Tuesday and reached Cockle Spit on Wednesday night, when it was found that she was foundering. She was. run back, and struck the beach at 4 a.m. on Thursday.? The police-troopers met all the hands belonging to the wreck about 30 miles from here. The men were very thankful that help was sent,'and spoke inhigh terms of Poliee trooper Hopkins." It is stated in the Hamilton Spectator that "the other night a young man,.who lives on a farm near Bochara, went' to sleep on a sofa' after a hard day's work, and had been'lying there some time, when lie got up ;and went .outside. His companions observed- that he walked with a staggering gait, but little notice was taken of the matter, as they expected him to rejoin them immediately. The somnambulist —-for such he was—passed throughthreeorfour gates, untying and retying the fastenings, which were of rope, and made his way to the 'woolshed. There he hung his coat upon a rail, took down a pair of shears he had been using in the day-time, and proceeded to sharpen them. He next caught a sheep, .and had just finished shear ingit,when he was awoke byasudden. arrival of his friends, who had come with a lantern to search for him. The shock of awakening caused him to tremble like aleaf, but he soon regained his equanimity. The sheep, we .may-add, was. Bhornas well as if the work had been performed' in broad''daylight,' and the night was by ho means a clear one. In our. report of Thursday's concert at the Destitute.Asylnm, mention was omitted of" Mr. Crocker, who ably assisted as accompanist! Lo-Lo's Crystal Palace Combination Troupe reopened at White's. Booms, on < Satur day evening, December, 23. The attendance was not large and the programmej-which'was a very attractive one, was carried out with great spirit. The entertainment will be repeated this evening. . , A concert is to bis given at the St. ..Francis Xavier-Hall this evening, in which the principal .professional and . amateur singers in the city are to .take part, under the leader ship of Mr. C. E.Mumme, [Those popular performers, the Lynch Family of bellringers,_ instrumentalists, and vocalists, commence their season to-night at the Town Hall. A well- selected and lengthy pro gramme has been prepared for the occasion. We have been requested to notify that the box office for. the sale of tickets will be open at the Town Hall from 2 to 3 p.m: daily. The attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening was small, as might have been expectedfromthe counter.attractions of the streets to pleasure seekers, but the entertain ment, nevertheless, passed.off with success,, nor; were the audience sparing of their applause. Dr. Silvester's illusions,'the singing of Mr. and Mrs. Empson and Madame Silvester, and. the ghost drametta were all greatly enjoyed, and the ever beautiful fairy fountain was - admired by all present. East-End Hat Mabkbt, December 20.—-Best wheaten hay, £7 So. per ton; good mixed, £8 15s.; inferior sorts, from £8 to £8 5a. A good demand. 