".HE WHOM THOU LOVEST IS SICK!» rA SHBÎCO'N BT THE RBV. CANON, RYUJ, M.A. JOHN xi. 3. The chapter from which that text is taken is well known to all Bible readers. In life-like description, in touching Inte- rest, ip sublime simplicity, there is no writing In exlsteuco that will bear comparison with that chapter. A narrative Mke this Is to my own mind one of the great proofs of the inspiration of the Scripture. When I read the story of Bo thany, I feel " There la something hero which the Infidel can never account for."-"Shis is nothing else but the finger of God." The words which I specially dwell upon In this chapter are singularly affecting and instructive. They record tho mas- sage which Martha and Mary sent to Jesus when their bro- ther La/aras wos8ick : " Lord, behold ho whom Thou lovest 5s sick." That message was short and simple. Yet almost «every word lu deeply suggestive. Mark the chlld-ilke faith of theso two women. They turned to the Lord ,Te>us 1H their hour of need, as the fright- ened Infant turua to its mother, or the compass-noedle turns *o the pole. They turned to Htm as their Shepherd, their Almighty Friend, their Brothor born for adversity. Diffe- rent as they were In natural temperament, the two Bisters in this matter wore entirely agreed. Christ's help was their first thought in tho day of trouble. Christ was tho refuge to which they fled in the hour of need. Blessed are all thoy that dolikewho! Mark the touching circumstance which the message of Martha and Mary reveals. "Him whom Thou lovest is sick." Laearus was a good man, converted, believing, re- newed, »anctlfled, a friond of Obrist, and an heir of glory. And yet Lazarus was sick J Thon sickness is no sign that God is displeased. Sickness is intended to be a blessing to us, and not a curso. " All thinirs work together for good to them that love God, and aro called according to His purpose." "All thing are yoma,-Ufo, death, things present or things to come ; for yo aro Christ's, and Christ Is God's." (Bom. vlll. 28 ; I Cor. Iii. 22.) Blessed, I say ogaln, are tbey that have learned this I Happy are they who can say, when they are 111, " This Is my Father's doing. It must be well." In considering the subject of sickness, threo points appear to me to demand attention. On each I shall say a few 'worda. J.. The universal prevalence of sickness mid disease . II. The general benefits which Bickness confers on man- kind. III. The special duties to which sickness calls us. I. The universal prevalence of sickness. I need not dwell long on this point. To elaborate the proof of It would only bo multiplying truisms and heaping up common-places which all allow. Sickness is everywhere, lu Europe, In Asia, in Africa, and In America ; in hot countries and in cold, in civilisod nations and in savage tribes,-men, women, and children sicken and die. Sickness is among all classes. Grace does not lift a believer above the roach of it. Riches will not buy exemption from It. Bank cannot prevent its assaults. Kings and their sub- jects, masters and servants, rich mon and poor, learned and unlearned, teachers and scholars, doctors and patients, mi- nisters and hoarera, all alike go down before this great'toe «' The rich man's wealth is his strong el'y." The English man's house Is called his castle ; but there are no doors ana bars wnich can keep out.disease and death. Bickness is often one of the most humbling aud distressing trials that can come upon man. It can turn the strongest into a little child, and make him feel "the grasshopper a burden." It can unnerve the boldest, and make him tremble at the fall of a pin. Wo are "fearfully and wonderfully made." Sickness is not preventible by anything that man can do. The average duration of life may doubtless be somewhat lengthened. Tho skill of doctors may continually discover new remedies, and effect surprising cures. The enforcement of wise sanitary regulations may greatly lower the death rate in aland. But, after all,-whether In healthy or un- healthy localities, whether in mild climates or in cold, whe- ther treated by hoimupathy or allopathy, men will sicken and die. " The days of our years are three-score years and ten, and if by reas*>n of strength they be four-score years, yet ia their stroiiKtli labour and sorrow ; for it is soon cut off and we fly away." (Pdalm xc. 10.) That witness is indeed trae. It waa true '¿'MO years ago. It is true still. Now what can we make of this great fact, the universal prevalence ol' siekuess P How shall we account for it P What explanation can we give of it P What answer shall we give to our inquiring children, when thoy ask us, "Father, why do paopleget ill und die?" These are grave questions. A few words upon thom will not bo out of place. Can wo suppose for ii moment that God created sickness and disease at tho beginning ? Can we imagine that He who formed our world in such perfect order, was the Former of noedloas suffering und pain P Con we think that Hu who made all things " very good," made Adam's race to sicken and to dioP The idea is, to my mind, revolting. It In- troduces a grand Imperfection into the midst of God's perfect works. I must fled another solution to satisfy ray mind. The only explanation that satisfies me Is that which the Bible gives. Something has come into the world which has dethroned man from his original position, and stripped him of his original privileges. Something has come in, which. like a handful of gravel In the midst of machinery, has marred the ported order of God's creation. And what Is that something? I answer, In one word, It Is sin. "Sin has entered Into tho world, and death by sin." (Rom. v. 13.) Sin is tho cause of all the sickness, the disease, and pain and suffering, which prevail on tho earth. They are all a part of that curse which came late the world when Adam and Eve ate tho forbidden fruit and fell. There would have been no sickness, If there had been no fall. There would have been no disease, If there had been no sin. I pause for a moment at this point, and yet in pausing, I do not depart from my subject. I pause to remind you that there Is no ground so untenable as that which Is occupied by the Atheist, tho Deist, or the unbeliever In the Bible. I advise every one who is puzzled by tho bold and specious arguments of the infidel, to study well that.most Important subject, tho Difficulties of Infidelity. I say boldly that it requires far more credulity to be an Infidel than to be a Christian. I say boldly that there are great broad patent facts in the condi- tion of mankind, which nothing but the Bible can explain, and that ono of tho most striking of these fucts is the univer- sal prevalence of pain, sickness, and disease. In short, one of the mightiest difficulties in the way of Athiests and Deists, Is the body of man. You have doubtless heard of Atheists. An Atheist is one who professes to believe that there is no God, no Creator, no First Cause, and that all things came together in this world by mere chance. Now shall we listen to such a doctrine us this ? Go, take an Atheist to one of tho excellent surgical schools of our land, and ask him to study the wonderful struc- ture of the human body. Show him the matchless skill with which every jolut, and vein, and valve, and muscle, and sinew, and nerve, and bone, and limb, has been formed. Show him the perfect adaptation of every part of the human frame to the purpose which It serves. Show him the thou- sand delicate contrivances for meeting wear and tear, and supplying wa9to of dally vigour. And then ask this man who denies the being of a God, and a great First Cause, if all this wonderful mechanism is the result of chance ? Ask him if he so thinks about tho watch he looks at. the bread he eats, or the coat he wears ? Oh, no! Design is an insuperable difficulty In the Athiest's way. There is a God. The universal prevalence of sickness Is one of the iudiroet evidences that tho Bible Is true. The Blble explains It. Tho Bible answers the questions about It which will arise In every inquiring mind. No other system of religion can do this. They all fail here. They are silent. They are confounded. The Bible alone looks the subject in tho face. It boldly pro- claims the fact that man is a fallen creature, and with equal boldness proclaims a vast remedial system to meet his wants. I feel shut up to the conclusion, that tho Bible Is from God. Christianity is a revelation from heaven. "Thy word is truth." II. The second point I propose to consider Is, the general benefits which sickness confer on mankind. I use the word " benefits " advisedly. I tool It of deep Im- portance to seo this part of our subject, clearly. I know well that sickness is one of tho supposed weak points in God's go- vernment of the world, on which sceptical minds love to dwell. " Can God be a God of love, when he allows pain? Can God be a God of mercy, when he permits disease? He might prevent pain and disease ; but be does not, How can those things be?" Such is the reasoning which often comes - across the heart of man. I reply to all such reasoners, that their doubts and ques- tionings are most unreasonable. They might as well doubt the existence of a Creator, because tho order of the universe Is disturbed by earthquakes, hnrrioanes, and storms. They might as well doubt the providence of God, because of the horrible massacres of Delhi and Cawnpore. All this would be just as reasonable as to doubt the mercy of God, because of the presence of sickness In the world. I ask all who find It hard to reconcile the prevalence of disease and pain with the love of God, to cast their eyes on the world around them, and mark what is going on. I ask them to observe the extent to which men constantly submit to present loss for the sake of future gain, present sorrow for the sake of future joy, present pain for the sake of future health. The seed Is tin own Into the gaound, and rots : but we sow In the hope of a future harvest. A boy Is sent to school amidst many tears : but wo send him In the hope of his getting future wisdom. The father of a family undergoes some fearful surgical operation : but he bears It, In the hope of futuro health. I ask men to apply this great principle to God's government of the world. I ask them to believe that God allows pain, sickness, and disease, not because He loves to vex man, but because He desires to benefit man's heart, and mind, and conscionce, and soul, to all eternity. Once moro I repeat, that I speak of the "benefits" of sick- ness on purpose and advisedly. I know the Buffering and pain which sickness entails. I admit the misery and wretch- edness which it often brings in Its train. But I cannot regard it as an unmixed evtl. I see In it a wise permission of God. I see in it a useful provision to check the ravages of stn and the devil among men's souls. If man had never sinned I should have boen at a loss to discern the benefit of sickness. But since sin is in tho world, lean seo that sickness isugood. It is a blessing quite as much as a curse, It Is a rough schoolmaster, I grant. But it is a real friend to man's soul. Sickness helps to remind men of death. The most live as If they were never going to die. They follow business, or pleasure, or politics, or science, as if earth was their eternal home. They plan and scheme for the future, like the rich fool In the parable, as if they had a long lease of life, and were not tenants at will. A heavy illness sometimes goes far to dispel theso delusions. It awakes men from their day-dreams, and reminds them that they havo to di« as well as to live. Now this I say emphatically is a mighty good. Sickness helps to make men think seriously of God, and their souls, and the world to come. Tho most in their days of health can find no time for such thoughts. They dislike them. They put them away. They count them trouble- some and disagreeable. Now a severe disease has sometimes a wonderful power of mustering and rallying these thoughts, and bringing them up before the eyes of man's soul. Even a wicked king like Benhadad, when sick, could think of Elisha. Even heathen sailors, when death was in sight, were afraid, and " cried every man to his god." Surely anything that helps to make men think is a «rood. Sickness helps to soften men's hearts, and tcaoh them wisdom. The natural heart is us hard as a stone. It can see no good in anything which is not of this life, and no happi- ness excepting in this world. A long illness sometimes goes far to correct these ideas. It exposes the emptiness and hollowuess of what the world calls "good" things, and teuaches us to hold them with a loose hand. The man of busi- ness finds that money alone is not everything the heart re- quires. The woman of the world finds that costlv apparel, and novel-reading, and the reports of balls and operas, are miserable comforts in a sick room. Surely anything that obliges us to alter our weights and measures of earthly things is a good. Sickness helps to level and humble us. We are all natu- rally proud and high- minded. Few even of the poorost, are free from tho Infection. Few are to be found who do not look down on somebody else, and secretly flatter themselves that they aro " not as other men." A sick bed Is a mighty tamer of such thoughts as these. It forces on us the mighty truth that we are all poor worms, that we " dwell In houses of clay," and are "crushed before the moth," and that kings and subjects, masters and servants, rich and poor, are all dying creatures, and will soon stand side by side at the bar of God. In the sight of the coffin una the grave, It is not easy to be proud. Surely anything that teaches that lesson is good. Finally, sickness helps to try men's religion, of what sort it is. There are not many on earth who have no religion at all. Yet few have a religllon that will bear Inspection. Most are content with traditions received from their fathers, and can render no reason of the hope that is in them. Now disease is sometimes most useful to a man in exposing the utter worthlessness of his soul's foundation It often shows him that he has nothing solid under his feet, and nothing firm under his hand. It makes him find out that, with all his form of religion, he has been all his life worshipping " an unknown God." Many a creed looks well on the smooth waters of health, which turns out utterly unsound and use- less on the rough waves of the sick bed. The storms of winter often bring out the defects in a man's dwelling, and sickness often exposes the gracelessness of a man's soul. Surely anything that makes us find out the real character of our faith Is a good. I do not say that sickness confers these benefits on all to whom it comes. Alas, I can say nothing of the kind 1 Myriads aro yearly laid low by illness, and restored to health, who evidently learn no lesson from their sick beds, and return again to the world. Myriads are yearly passing through sickness to tho grave, and yet receiving no more spiritual impression from it than the beasts that petish. But does sickness confer the benefits of which I have been speaking on only a few? I will allow nothing of the kiud. I believe that In a vast proportion of cases sickness produces im- pressions more or loss akin to those of which I have just been speaking. I believe that in many cases of sickness is God's " day of visitation," and that feelings are continually aroused on a sick bed, which If improved might.by God's grace, result lu salvation. I believe sickness Is one of the greatest aids to the minister of tho Gospel, and that sermons and counsels are often brought home In the day of disease which we have neglected lu tho day of health. I believo that sickness is one of God's most important subordinate instruments in the saving of men, und thut though the feelings it calls forth are often temporary, It is also often a means whereby the Spirit works effectually on tho heart. Inshore, I believe firmly that the sickness of men's bodies, has often led, In God's wonderful providence, to the conversion of men's souls. III. The third and last point which I propose to consider, is the special duties which tho prevalence of sickness entails on each one of ourselves. I should be sorry to leave the subject of sickness without saying something on this point. 1 hold it to be of cardinal importance not to be content with generalities in delivering God's message to souls. I am anxious to impress on each ono his own personal responsibility in connection with the sub- ject. Ono paramount duty which tho prevalence of sickness en- tails on man, Is that of living habitually prepared to meet God. Sickness is a remembrancer of death. Death Is the door through which we must all pass to judgment. Judg- ment Is tho time when we must at last see God fnco to fa o. Surely the first lesson which the inhabitant of a sick and dying world should learn, should bo to prepare to meet his God. When are you prepared to meet God ? Never till your ini- quities are forgiven, and your sin covered! Never till your heart is renewed, and your will taught to delight in the will of God ! You have many sins. If you go to church your own mouth is taught to confess this every Sunday. The blood of Jesus Christ can alono cleunso those sins away. The righteousness of Christ can alone make you acceptable in the sight of God. Faith, slmplo child-like'faith, can alono give you an interest In Christ and His benefits. Would you know whether you are prepared to meet Ood? Thou where is your fulthP-Your heart is naturally unmpt't for (iodV company. You havo no real pleasure in doing His will. The Holy U host must transform you after t'to linage of Christ. Old things must pass away. All things must become new. Would you know whether you are prepared to meet God P Then, where is your grace P Where are the evidences of your conversion and sanctification P I boliovn that this, and nothing less than this, is prepared- ness to meet God. Purdon of sin and meotness for God's presence-justification by faith and sanctification of the heart-the blondjof Christ sprinkled on us, and the Spirit of Christ dwelling in ui-these are the grand essentials of the Chiistlan religion. Thoso uro no mere words and names to furnish bono* of contention for wrangling theologians. Thc-so are sobei4, solid, substantial realities. To live In tho actual possession of theso things, In a world of sickness nnd death, is the first duty which I press home upon your soul. Another paramount duty which tho prevalence of Mckuess entails on you, is that of living habitually ready to boar It patiently. Sickucss is no doubt a trying thing to flesh and blood. To feel our uorves unstrung, and our natural force ubaled- to bo obliged lo Rit still uud bo cut off from all our usual avocutions-to see our plans broken off and our pur- poses disappointed-to endure tong hours, and days, and nights of wearlsoino pain -nil this is a severe ôtralu on poor i . Binful human nature. What wonder If peevishness and im- patience are brought about by oisease! Surely in such a dying world as this, we should study patience. How shall we learn to bear sickness patiently, when sick- ness comes to our turn P We must lay up stores of grace in the time of health. We must seek for the sanctifying Influ- ence of the Holy Ghost over onr unruly tempers and disposi- tions. We must make a real business of our prayers, and re- gularly ask for strength to endure God's willas well as to do it. Such strength Is to bo had for the asking : " Ii ye shall ask uuytbing in my name, I will do it for you." (John xiv. 14.) Ono moro paramount duty which the prevalence of sick- ness entails on you, is that of habitual readiness to feel with and help your fellow-men. Sickness is not very far from us. Few are the families who have not. soma sick relative. Few are the parishes where yon will not lind some one ill. But wnerever there is sickness, there is a call to duty. A little timely assistance in some cases-a kindly visit In others-a friendly inquiry-a mere expression of sympathy, may do a vast good. These aio the sort of things which soften asperities, and bring men together, aud promote good feel- ing. Theso are ways by which you may ultimately lead mon to Christ and save their souls. These are good works to which every professing Christian should be ready. In a world full of sickness and disease we ought to " bear one another's bur- dons," and bo "kind to oneauother." (Gal. vi. 2; Ephes. iv. 32.) Theso things, I dare say, may appear to some little und trilling. They must needs be doing something great, and grand, and striking, and heroic! I take leave to say that conscientious attention to these little acts of brotherly- kind- ness, is one of the clearest evidences of our having " the mind of Christ." They are acts in which our blessed Master Hlm silf was abundant. He was ever going about doing good to the sick and sorrowful. They are acts to which He attaches great importance in that most solemn passage of Scripture, 1 the description of the last judgment. Ho says there : " I was sick and ye visited Me." (Matt. xxv. 30.) And now, I conclude all with words of practical applica- tion. I want the subject to be turned to some spiritual use. My heart's desire and prayer to God in sending it forth is, to do /rood to souls. ' . . In the first place, {I offer a question to all to which, as God's ambassador, I entreat their serions attention. It is a question which grows naturally out of the subject. It is a question which concerns all, of every rank, and class, and condition. I ask you. What will you do when you are 111 P The time must como when you, as well as others, must go down tho dark valley of the shadow of death. The hour must come when you, like all your forefathers, must sicken and die. The time may be uear or far off. God only knows. But whenever the time may bo, I ask again, What uro you going to do P Where do you mean to turn for comfort P On what do you mean to rest your soul P On what do yon mean to build your hope? From whence will you fetch your con- solations P I do entreat you not to put these questions away. Suffer them to work on your conscience, aud rost not till you can give them a satisfactory answer. Trifle not with that, pre- cious gift, an immortal soul. Defer not the consideration of the matter qo a more convenient season. Presume not on a death-bed repentance. The greatest business ought surely not to bo left to the last. One dying thief was saved that men might not despair, but only one that none might pre- sume. I repeat the question. I am sure it deserves an an- swer. " What will you do when you are ill ?" If you were going to live for ever In this world I would not uddress you as I do. But it cannot be. There is no escaping the common lot of all mankind. Nobody can dio in our stead. The day must come when we must each go to our long home. Against that day I want vou to bo pre- pared. The body which now takes up so much of your atten- tion--tho body which you now clothe, and teed,and warm with so much care-that booy must return again to the dust. Oh. think what an awful thing it would prove at last to have provided for everything except the one thing needful-to have provided for the body, but to have neglected the soul to die, in fact, and give no sign of being saved ! Once more I press my question on your conscience : " What will you do when you are ill?" In the next plaoe, I exhort all true Ohrlstians to remember how much they may glorify God in the time of sickness, and to He quiet in God's hand when they are ill. I earnestly entreat all sick believers to remember that they may honour God as much by patient suffering as they can by active work. It often shows more grace to sit still than it does to go to and fro, and perform great exploits. I entreat I them to remember that Christ cares for them as much when they are sick as He does when they are well, and that the very chastisement thoy feel so acutely is sent in love, and not in anger. Above all, Ieutreatthem to recollect the sympathy 1 of Jesus for all His weak members. They are always ten I derly cared for by Him, but never so much as in their time of need. Christ has had great experience of sickness. He knows the heurt, of a sick man. He used to see " all manner of slakness, and all manner of disease" when He was upon earth. He felt specially f*r the sick in the days of His flesh. He feels for them specially still. Sickness and suffering, I often think, make believers more like their Lord in experi- ence than health. " Himself took our infirmities, and bare our sicknesses." (Isaiah lui. 3; Matt. vii!. 17.) The Lord Jesus was a " Man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief." None have such an opportunity of learning tho mind of a suffering Saviour as suffering disciples. I conclude with a word of exhortation to all believers, which I heartily pray God to impress upon their souls. I exhort yon to keep up a habit of close communion with Christ, und never to be afraid of "going too fur" in your religion. Remember this, if you wish to have '. great peace" in your times ot sickness. I observe with regret a tendency in some quarters to lower tho standard of practical Christianity, and to denounce what are called "extreme views" about a Christian's daily walk in life. I remark with pain that even religious people will sometimes look coldly on those who withdraw from worldly society, and will censure them as "exclusive, narrow-minded, Illiberal, uncharitable, sour spirrted." and tho like. I warn every believer in Christ to beware ot being influenced by such cen- sures. I entreat him, If ho wants light in tho valley of death, to '* keep himself unspotted from the world," to " follow the Lord very fully," and to walk very closely with God. (James 1\. 27; Num.xlv.24.) I believe that tho want of "thoroughness" about many people's Christianity is one secret of their little comfort, both in health and sickness. I believe that the " half-and-half" " keep-in-with-everybody" religion which satisfies many in the present day, is offensive to God, and sows thorns in dying pillows, which hundreds never discover till too late. I be- lieve that the weakness and feebleness of such a religion never comes out so much as it does upon a sick bed. Tho day may come when after a long fight with disease, we shall feel that medicine can do no more, and that nothing remains but to die. Friends will be standing by, unable to help us. Hearing, eyesight, oven the power of praying, will be fast failing us. The world and its shadows will be melting beneath our feet. Eternity, with its realities, will be loom- ing lurgo before our minds. What shull support us In that trying hour ? Wat shall enable us to feel. ?" I fear no ovil ?" Nothing, nothing con do It "but close communion wdth Gin 1st. Christ dwelling in our henrrs by faith-Christ putting His right arm under our heads-Christ felt to be sit- ting by our side-Christ can alone give us the complete vic- tory In the lust struggle. Tho time Is short. The fashion of the world passoth away. A few more sicknesses, and all will be over. A few more funerals, anti our own^funeral will take place. Afowmore storms and tossiugs, und we shull be safe In harbour. We truvel towards a world where there Is no more BICKUOSS whore parting, and pain, and crying, and mourning, arc done with for evermore. Tho friends ahead aro becoming mor» numerous than the friends astern. Yet a little titno He that shall como will come, and will not tarry. In lils presence will bo fulness of joy. Christ shall wipe away all tears from His people's eyes. The last enemy tliut shall be destroyed Is Death, lint ho shall f,e destroyed. Death himself shall ono day die. (How xx. 11.) In the meantime, let tis live the life of faith in the Son ol God. Let us lean all our weight on Christ, und rejoice in the thought that no lives for overmoio. Yes : blessed be God ! Christ lives, though we may die. Christ lives, though friends and fumlly aro carried to the grave. Ho lires who abolished deuth, und brought life an*1 Inimorlalitv to light by the Gospel. He lives who said, " O death, I will be tny plagues : O grave, I will be thy destruc- tion." (Hoo. xill. l-l.) He lives who will one dav chango our vile body, aud make it like unto His glorious body. In sick* I ness ami in health, in life end lu death, let us lean confi- dently on Him. Surely wo oujrht to sny dully with one of old, " Blessed be God lor Jesus Christ !" 