LAW AND POLICE. An application was - made on Saturday; 7th Oct., to his Honor Mr. Justice Fellows, in chambers, for leave to appeal to the Privy Cbuncil in the caae of M'Swain y. M'Millan. The plaintiff in the aption had been awarded by the jury that ., tried the case £500 -damages for . maiioibus prosecution, and the defendant wished. to appeal. The rule is that no appeal can , go before the Privy Council when the amount of the verdict is not over £500, arid the verdict in this case ? waB for exaotly that amount ; but by a pro vision in the Common Law Procedure Statute verdicts ? bear interest at the ; rate of eight per bent, from the daljb of delivery, and it was contended f or the appellant that the interest would make .up the neoes sary ? amount, and therefore . the appeal should be granted. His Honbr.said he would riot deoido the point, but would -leave it to the Full Court to decide riexttorini ... . . An application was made to Mr, JuBtioe Molesworth, in the Equity Court,' 12th Qot., for leave to appeal to the Privy Couriod in the matter of the will of the late -Major Bell, of Bell Pdrk.vGeelong. The estate was ordered to pay duty on the higher scale, under thn atriendirig aot, and, the .sum , would amount to about £30,000, whereas had it been payable under the pririoipal act it would have 'amounted to half that sunupnly. His Honor granted the application on the usual . terms with respect to security for costs, &c.; At the City Polioe Court on Oct. 17, t'O fpre Mr. Sturfe, P.M., and a bench of magis trates, Murkf Jjyons, who. had been.re ? arrested ou a charge of receiving stolen property iu South Africa, was brought up,, on remand, to answer .the charge. Mr, Gurner appeared to -;.-. prosecute on behalf of the Crown ;. and. Mr. Purves, instructed '.]iy- Mr. ' Crjusswell, appeared for ''the 'defence'.* ? Mr. Gurner commenced the proooedhigs by stating the cnao for the Crown. The prisoner, had been arrested upon 'a 'warrant granted iu G-riqudland, South Africa, :'' which,, together with tlie, original depositions taken in the case, .had come to hand by the. mail. He was, nojt at present, ho wever,: in 'a. posi- tion-. -'.tp . prove the signature . of . the magistrate to the - warrant, but lie expected some ;one to arrive shortly who would be able to supply that deficiency. He cited authorities 'to show. that the oorpo real presence of a felon in one portion of her Majesty's dominions was sufficient to justify his , arrest - for an offence . committed in another, part- '1'lie bench . remanded the .prisoner' for seven days, at the end, of which time he. was brought up and further remanded for a similar period. ; At tlie Hotham Police Court on 12th Oct., Christiana Irwiu, aged twenty-three vears, was charged, on remand, with attempting to commit Buicide. The accused had .foolishly allowed heraelf to be led astray by a- man ' named John .Hunt, with, whom she 'lived; at Hotham. as his wife until she became enceinte. Hunt then left her, aud mar ried another woman, and Irwin then pro cured laudanum, which she swallowed, for tunately the dose was insufficient, and 'she has recovered. Hunt was examined at the hearing of the oase, when ho said'he left the girl because she had such a violent temper that she acted like a mad woman. Tho bench lectured him on his heartless' conduct, gaye some' good advice to tbe girl, and then dis charged her on her father becoming surety in the Biiin of £20 for her good behavior. At the Sandridge Court on llith Oct., five seamen, named George Samuels, Thomas Moultron,. James Woods, Peter Brown arid Thomas 'Svaus, belonging to the ship Cinga lese, were charged with disobedience on the high seas on' the 11th October, and Samuels was further charged with .assaulting the chief officer. The evidence showed that Samuels was' the ringleader in the affair, and endeavored to incite the others to disobey and .impede the ship's 'navigation. He was therefore sentenced to six weeks' hard labor, and the otliers were discharged. ';'. , '.*! :',? 1' ;!? The S'ukir of Coin's' ' ' ghost'-' ' appeared '. in the District Court on 17th Oct., when Dr. Silvester was sued by Mr. Geary, who '''de- scribes himself as a journalist, for the sum of £10, the amount of an. alleged agrdenient for writing a, ghost ;piece; for the l^iikir 6f Oolu's entertaiuinent'uow being presented at' St. Geoi;go's Hall.1 The plaintiff alleged that a ghost; 'drama he'.h ad ,.\V ritten entitled Golden Dreams, or the' -Fortune-hunter Foiled; had been accepted by, the Fakir,- but- had -not been performed. For the 'defence evidence was adduced showing that although it had been suggested to Mr. Geary that he ? might write a drama for the ghost, business, and that if it proved suitable ^e would be fairly remunerated, still he had not been commissioned to pro duce the drama in question, nor had it been ?'subsequently accepted. The bench took this' vie Vr of the case, and dismissed the plaint, with two guineas costs. ', At the Sandridge Police Court on 9th Oct., a' glaasblbwer named Hugh M'Taggart was brought up on remand on a charge of felo niously marrying one Eliza Brown Crichton, at Sandridge, oniilut August, 1S76, his wife, ISlizd M'l'aggart, beiug then alive. Ellen Murray deposed that slio was a widow, and resided iu Klgiu-street, Carltou. She was the mother of Eliza M'Taggart.* On the 5th De ceinbor, 1 851, her daughter, was married to the prisoner at' witness's, house, in Richard strc.et, Glasgow, by tho^B-ey. Dr. Patersou, Baptist triinister, there residing. They lived as man and wife in her house for a period of six years. .Five children wcro the issue' of thd marriage, and three of that number were iiow living. Helen Burton, also a widow, and daughter of the last witness, gave cor . rbboratiyo evidence, as did also her brother, Alexander Murray, and another witness. Tho itbv'. Kerr Johnston, the pastor of Botliel Chapol, Sandridge, deposed that on the 21st August last the prisoner came to him with a woman named Eliza Brown Oriohtou to be married, aud he. performed the ceremony in the presence of two females. \Vituess could not ^riow' identify the woman in court as thebriilo on that occasion.'. 'Emma tlordon, a widow, deposed that she knew the parties to this marriage, and witnessed the celebra tion. She had since visited at prisoner's house, and saw that they were living together as man and wife. Prisoner. was committed for trial, and at the Central Criminal Court ivas sentenced to two years' hard labor. 