MISCELLANEOUS. A new Church Society has been established under the designation of the "Society of the Holy Cross." The Rev. Mr. Maconochie, of St Albans, is 'the principal, and the Ritualists are it® chief supporters. The Bishop of Sodor and Man has resigned, and the bishopric will probably be abolished and acsociated with a new Bishopric of Liverpool, formed by a subdivision of the present Diocese of Chester. The Fan-Anglican Synod will not be held at Lambeth until 1878. Many colonial Bishops have promised to attend, including the Bishops of Sydney, Melbourne, Wellington, and Bris bane. Preaching at St. Paul's Church, Preston, the Bishop of Manchester reviewed the past 50 years of ecclesiastical history. He Bpoke with signi ficance of the abolition of the Test, Corporation, and other Acts, profoundly deplored the schism of the Weeleyan body, which would not have occurred had the clergy been as active and ener getic as now, and regretted the want of harmony in the Church. His Lordship has sinoe, on another occasion, expressed his gratification at hearing that during a recent engagement of Mr. Irving, 1,700 persons had been present at bis Shakspearian impersonations. Mr, Gladstone, in reply to a request that he would deliver an address " On the Catholic faith, as opposed to the Rationalistic views and ten dencies so strongly prevailing," has replied that be is constantly in receipt of so many applica tions to deliver ecclesiastical addresses that ho must necessarily decline them all. NorthuiB.beriand is to be constituted into a separate diocese from Durham. The Bishop gives up £1,500 out of his £8,000. and a oanonry worth £1,000 a year, towards the £3,500 required. The Admiralty have given instructions that experiments shall be made with New Zealand coal, to asoertain how far it is suitable for burn ing m the engines of men-of-war on the tratian Station. Commodore HoRkfnn has baea directed to report apon it A monument is to be raised in some con spicuous place at Portsmouth in memory of tnoae who perished on board the Thunderer on the 14th July. Subscriptions amounting to £8,000 hare been reoeived for the widows and orphans; about £14,000 Is required altogether to meet the neaeedttas of the case. Twenty-four widows, 51 orphans, and 26 other relatives, besides some of the maimed sufferers, are thrown on the public generosity. Government has given a pension of £100 to the widow of the chief engineer, and a gratuity of a year's pay to 15 widows and three mothers of the stokers killed. Admiral Sir Hastings Yelverton, G.C.B., has replaced Sir Alexander Milne at tne Admiralty as First Lord. Captain Frank Thomson, late in command of the Challenger, has been appointed flag captain to Sir A. C. Key, on the North-American Station, and w31 have the Uellerophoa, 15-serew iron ship, armour-plated* The late oapteiu, Hugh Campbell, succeeds the Prince of Leiningen on Her Majesty's yacht Victoria and Albert. The paddle-wheel steamer Virago, well know a on the Australian Station, is being broken up at Chatham. An order has been issued from the Hone Guards reviving the practice of oheering when charging an enemy. The 2nd Battalion of the 6th Fusiliers have been exercised in charging and cheering on Woolwich Common in presence of many thousands of spectators. The 81-ton gun was tested at Shoebuiyness on Wednesday in the presence of a large number of military officials. With an elevation of seven degrees the shot first grazed the ground about 4,500 yards off, and then ricoohetted for several miles. A number of shots wero fired, and at the 4,600 yards they scarcely deviated a yard from the direct line. The experiment was regarded as most satisfactory. Ashore, the effects were not pleasing. Many windows were broken, and the plate-glass front of a shop, a quarter of au inch thick, was broken 350 yards off. A large gate was also burst open, the padlock being broken by the force of cheshsck^ The recall of the gun was only 21 feet, and the carriage answered admirably. Yesterday the experiments were renewed, and a sandbag wall was raised to deaden the shock on the side of the village, but the effects were nearly the same as on Wednes day. A tour of an unusual kind has lately been made. A gentleman engaged a train of Pull man cars, including drawing-room, dining, and sleeping, and having invited a party of about twenty-five ladies and gentlemen has made a tour cn the midland system as far as the High* lands. The trip was a most enjoyable one, no hotels being required, and the party baing most comfortable. Amongst the addresses delivered at the British Association meeting at Glasgow were papers read by Sir Wm. Thompson, who presided in £he Physical and Mathematical Department, ar.d by the Duke of Argyle on the Physical Structure of the Highlands in connection with their Geological History. In the Anthropological Section, presided over by Mr. Ruaseli Wallace, Professor Barrett read a paper on Spiritualism, which gave rise to an animated discussion, in which Dr. Carpenter took part. In the Geo graphical Section, with Capt. Evans, R.N., as Chairman, Commander Lovett Cameron, C.B., read a paper on Africa. The Association will meet at Plymouth next year, and at Dublin in 1878. A propo?ed Socialist Congress of students is talked of, but no place of meeting is fixed. Garibaldi has taken it up, and has called upon the youth of France to rise against clericalism, which he styles the " morbus of modarn society." The Associated Chambers of Commerce have been holding their meetings at Bristol; Mr. Sampson Lloyd, M. P., in the chair. A discus sion took place on the neutralization of the Suez Canal. A resolution was carried approving of the purchase of the shares by the Government, and sn opinion was expressed that it was not desirable to place it under an International Com mission. Professor Bay Lankester has written to the Times exposing some tricks of Dr. Slade, a "medium" who is much patronised in London. It is proposed to prosecute Slade for obtaining money under false pretences, and his friends are taking measures for his defecoe. Peters, the second mate of the Sfcrathmore, has bten presented with a medal by the Board of Trade. A duel has been fought between two British officers in Belgium. Pistols were used, and neither being injured at the first fire, the eeconds declined to allow the affair to proceed. Both the principals will shortly appear in the Divorce Court, the one, a baronet's only son, as plaintiff, the other as co- respondent. Smallpox has broken out with great virulence at Blackburn and also in Derbyshire. The Rev. Mr. Berry, a Roman Catholic priest, died through attending patients at Blackburn, and his funeral was attended by ministers of all denominations, the line of route being crowded with sympathizing spectators. Hospital Saturday collection was not a great success. The Keiglily Guardians hare been released on bail, and on reaching home the populace took the horses out of their carriage and drew them in triumph. A cremation apparatus is being erected at Gotha. No bodies will be cremated until the police are thoroughly satisfied of the causes of death. A bust of Charles Eingsley has been unveiled in Westminster Abbey. A subscription is being raised on behalf of Henry Kingsley's family, and Australian contributions aro invited. Sir Walter and Lady JameE have given a park, valued at £12,000, to the inhabitants of Jarrow. The receipts for the Birmingham Musical Fes tival amounted this year to £15,160. Fifteen thousand persons attended the performances in the aggregate, and the results are considered as affording abundant cause for congratulation. A rifle match of a novel character has come off at Nuneaton. A number of ladies,- some belonging to the leading families in the neigh* bourhood, competed for prizes. Some of the ladies exhibited great "kill. The American schooner Newport, bound for New York, was boarded when eight days from shore by a gentleman, who gave his name as Charles Mathieson, ana was navigating a decked boat, 16 feet long. He said he was on his way to England with a lady, with whom he had eloped. The Sheffield School Board have accepted a tender for a ?reat Central School, designed to form a connecting link between the common schools and the higher schools, to which tne children of the poor find it nearly impossible to obtain admission. Is is the first experiment of the kind in the United Kingdom. A large torchlight procession was held on Plumstead Common on the 11th, to celebrate the granting of a Petition of Bight which claims the restraining of the Secretary of War from ex ercising troops on the Common. Ten thousand persons were present. The cutlers' annual feast at Sheffield on the 7th was a brilliant success. The Duke of Norfolk, Lord Hartington, and many other persons of distinction were guests of the Com pany. The Braes of Derwent foxhounds have all had to be destroyed in consequence of being attacked by hydrophobia. Building operations at the new National Opera HOUEC on the Thames embankment are tem porarily suppended. It is not likely that the edifice will be completed for the next season. At a meetinsr on the Bulgarian atrocities in the Edgware-road, a Mr. Mann created much amusement by protesting against any resolutions condemning them, on the ground that a greater atrocity was being perpetrated in this country to wit, the detention of the Claimant in custody. Cavendish College, Cambridge, is to ba formally opened by the Duke of Devonshire on the 26th Ootober. Sir S. Northcote, Lord Sandon. Mr. W. Forsler, and others will attend. An instance of superstition is mentioned in the Postmaster-General's report for 1875. A wall letter-box was erected in a village in the West of Ireland, but no one could be found to under take the duty of collecting the letters in conse quence of a general belief among the poor in the vicinity that " a ghost went out nightly on pa rade." The ghost was stated to be a large white turkey without a head! Amongst the things transmitted through the Post-Office during the year were leeches, snails, eggp, white mice, a sparrow, two snakes, a crayfish, and a dog. The Jews are said to be returning in large numbers to Palestine. The Hebrew population of Jerusalem has doubled within the last ten yearsfsnd instead of inhabiting the worst parts of the city they are ready to rent any house that is to let. An aquarium and winter garden have been opened at Great Yarmouth by Lord Suffield. The aquarium is 430 feet long and 100 wide. One is projected at Birmingham, and one ha? been opened at BhyL Stokes, the witness in the Wainwright case, has had proceedings taken against him by a friend of that murderer, for obtaining goods under false pretences. The prosecution filled, and in his business as a brushmaker he has become bankrupt. An application is being made by his friends to the Treasury for pecuniary assistance on account of "important public services." Weather prophets assert that we shall hare much snow, froet, and fog during the ensuing winter. Some slight frosts nave already be?n felt, snow has lain on the Grampians, and we hare had thick fogs this week in London Emigration tram theHeney 2i etOIoa the decline; 7,990 pnun left u?tnool daring Awut-* faffing off of 1,192 or*r July. Clapham Common, oompzttng 220. more*, has bflwiPBrnliiMi by the Iraoean Commissioners for £18,000, and u to be dedicated to the oae and recreation of the public for ever. A new college, costing £40,000 has bsen opened at Rotherham. It was boilt by the independent body for higher educational IfclT M. Carter, late M.P. for Leeds, biB fled hie petition, with liabilities £15,0C0. An International Flower Show has been hell at Dundee. Prizes were given to the value of over £1,000, and competitors went from all parts of the country, including London nurserymen. The Congress of Senculturists will hold its sixth session in Paris in 1878, A quantity of treasure is said to have been discovered on the Colombian coast, and is sup posed to have been left there by Morgan, the buccaneer. A monster balloon, to accommodate 50 persons, is to be constructed for the Paris Exhibition of 1878. It will be 84 metres in diameter, and will be held captive by an immense rope 550 metres in length. The Conference on International Law is being held at Bremen under the Presidency of Lord O'Hagan _ The extradition of criminals is one of the subjects of discussion. Mr. Angerstein's sherthorn herd of Wee ton Brandon has been disposed of. The cows and heifers realized £5,918, averaging £169, and the bulls brought £2,547, averaging £255. One bull (Duke of Bothesaj) was cold to Mr. Sheldon for 2,000 ~ guineas. Among the cows and heifers. Velvet Eyes was sold to Mr. Loder for 900 guineas, and Wild Eyes 32nd to Lord Pemyhn for 800 guineas. American meat is still coming over in large quantities to the London market. Oregon and the Western States in the basis of the Mississippi are said to be proving formidable rivals to California in the grain trade. The Board of Trade returns for August give the value of exports at £17,962,884 as compared with £19,418,876 in the same month last year; and of imports, £33,818,002 against £31,200,145. For the eight months of 1876 the imports were £251,557,806, compared with £250,505,786 in 1875; and exports, £133,287,330, against £149,511,844 last year. Very disorderly meetings have come off during the month in connection with Home Rule. At Manchester, Mr. O'Connor Power, M.P., gave a lecture in the Free Trade Hall on " Irish Wit and Humour," Mr. Biggar. M.P., being in the chair. Mr. O'Connor Power having declined to answer some question put to him by one of the audience, a great uproar ensued, ending in a scene of indescribable confusion and a free fight between two factions. Chairs were broken up and used as weapons, and Mr. Biggar, receiving a severe scalp wound during the fray, had to be taken out of the hall; 300 or 400 chairs were smashed, and the organ was injured. At Castlebar, Mr. Power, in addressing his constituents a few days later, strongly con demned mob tyranny and the "timid policy Mr. Butt had pursued in the presence of the enemies of Ireland." At a lecture given by Mr Mulcahy at the Rotunda, Dublin, "on the 25th, Mr. Butt was declared to be a traitor to the cause of Home Rule, and Mr. P. J. Smyth was eulogized as a patriot. Some reflections made by the lecturer on Cardinal Cullen led to great disorder, in the midst of which the meeting broke .up, after the platform had be9n invaded and a number of persons hurled from it. Lcrd Wharncliffe is announced as the sue* cessor to the Duke of Abercorn in the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland. Cardinal Francb£, Prefect of the Propaganda, has been visiting Dublin, and taking part with Cardinal Cullen in several religious ceremonies. At one of them, Father Burke, the Dominican orator, preached a sermon, in which he com pared the conduct of the British to that of the Bashi-Bazouks in Bulgaria. Mr. P. J. Smyth, M.P.,and others are forming a Repeal Association, in opposition to Home Rule. The freedom of the City of Dublin was voted by the Corporation to Mr. Butt on the 4th September, and Alderman McSwinney intends moving that the vote be rescinded on the ground that Home Rule is an " imitation," and not the " genuine article." A discussion has taken place at the Clare and Limerick FarmerB' Club as to the advisability of Irish members only attending the House of Commons during Irish business. Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P" introduced the resolution, which was re jected. At the Lismore Farmers' Club the Chairman (Mr. John Rice) said that the prospects of tenant farmers were very gloomy. The British Association for the a^vanospient of ecience met at Glasgow on the 6th September, under the presidency of Professor Thomas Andrews, of Belfast. Several other scientific Societies also held their meetings in Glasgow. The Glasgow Town Council have offered the freedom of the city to Mr. Cross, the Home Secretary, for his distinguished services in the cause of social and sanitary reform. The Cor poration wish to confer tiie honour apart from politics altogether. The Dundee whaling fleet has been very suc cessful in Davis' Straits. Nothing has been heard of the Arctic exploring fillips. Captain Adams, of the Arctic, whaler, intended to endeavour to land at Smith's Sound to leave despatches for the Government vessels. The Annual Cattle Show at Wexford, which took place on September 6, showed a great falling off in number and quality of stock. The thirteenth annual Conference of the British Pharmaceutical Society was opened at Glasgow on the 5th September, Professor Bed wood presiding. There was a large attendance. The general meeting of the Mineralogical Society of Great Britain and Ireland was held at Glasgow on the 6th September. Professor Heddle, M.D., of St. Andrews, was in the chair. At a meeting of the Grand Lodge of Free masons, held at the Freemasons' Hall on the 6tb, it was agreed, in order to perpetuate their thankfulness for the safe return of the Prinoe of Wales, to vote the sum of £6,000 for three scholarships at Oxford, Cambridge, and London Universities. The Corporation of London resolved, by a large majority on Wednesday, to remove Temple Bar. The subject has been under discussion for thirteen months. In consequenoe of the correspondence that has taken place between the Admiralty and Lloyds, H.M.S. Wolverine has been dreoted to call at the Crozet Islands on her way out to Australia. Mr. Martin Farquhar Tapper leaves in a day or two for America to give a series of readings from his own works. A monster meeting of Trade Unionists has been held at Cardiff to express sympathy with the Taff Vale employes, locked ont for refusing to break through the nine hours', movement or accept 10 per cent, reduction in wages. Eight hundred men have struck at Mutbrook, Woodside, and Newcastle coalpits in conse quence of the masters making a fourth reduc tion in wages. The men offered to accept 5 per cent. Several hundred men have struck at the Whitehaven Shipbuilding Company's Works, owing to a reduction of wages, amounting in some cases to 4s. 6d. per week. The strike of colliers in South Derbyshire still continues against the 10 per cent, reduction, and " the position of affairs is somewhat dread ful." Eight hundred more men struck at Hkston, but subsequently resumed work. One thousand hands have been thrown out of employment in consequence of an accident to the machinery of a mill at Macclesfield. Messrs. Manuel & Son, the largest upholsterers in Sheffield, gave notice to their workmen to leave, and will only re-employ them on their ceasing to be Trade Unionists. Mr. Burt, M J\, having heard that many men were leaving the Unions, has made an appeal on behalf of them, Baying it is the worst thing men can do in such a time of unexampled bad trade. The Trade Union Congress has been sitting at Newcastle. Mr. Laird, the President, in his inaugural address, dwelt upon the three causes of tte present depression of trade, viz., increased cost of production of raw materai, inflation of trade and over-production, and foreign com petition. The Speaker of the House of Commons, ad dressing his tenants at Glynde' at a harvest home on the 9th, expressed his regret that scaicely any bad accepted an offer he made some time back to invest their savings in the farms on which they were employed, and attributed it to the injurious effects of outdoor relief. The Executive Committee of the new Farm Labourers' Union have made four purchases of land within twelve months. The last was valued at £1,700. Mr. Scott, an Edinburgh iron merchant, having received an order for 400 tons of iron girders for a new station at Glasgow, is having them manufactured in Belgium, and delivered in Glasgow, as he can have them at considerably less cost than be can obtain them in England. Farmers in the Eastern and Midland Counties are giving their labourers notice of Is. a week reduction in wages; 200 have consequently turned out. Lillywhite's team of cricketers sailed in the P. & O. Company's steamer Poonah from South ampton on the 21st inst. Before leaving England the 12 played a match at Chichester against 18 of that district. It lasted three days, but the stumps had then to be drawn in conse quence of the intended departure of the team. In tbeir first innings they made 146, and in the second 140. The Eighteen scored 70 in their first innings and 38 iu the second, tax wi-iicfce having to go down. . Trickett sailed fat America a fortnight ago with Pouch. He will cot row in the 8 Uses, and leaves for AxutraHa by the outgoingmail from San Francisco on the 11th October. He received the £100 stakes lodged fay Lumsden, bat not the £100 bet. A handsome Hirer cap, worth over 200guineas, mi presented to him by Mr. Chas. Bash, a well-known patron of boatracing. The boat In which he rowed Sadler, as also the one In which be was to have rowed Lumsden, bare been sent to Sydney. At the Philadelphia regatta on the 5th September the first heat for a pair of oars was won by Green and Thomas, of London, bat a Boston boat won the final heat. In the final four-oared shell race between the Thames crew, of London, and a Halifax crew, of Nova Scotia, a fool occurred, and the decision, first given in favour of the latter, was finally adjudged to the former. The London crew complained of unfair treatment. ProfeEsor Cavill has posponed until next year the renewal of his attempt to swim across the Channel. Captain Webb had criticised bis first attempt, and in replying to it Cavill pamted out that in 11£ hours he was as near the French coast as Captain Webb was after being 20 hoars in the water. A prize-fight between Joe Goes and Tom Allen has come off in America, the stakes being 5,COO dollars. The combatants were interrupted by the Militia in the lint instance, and when the fight was renewed elsewhere, the police interfered. Goss was much bruised and Allen scarcely marked. The latter and several others have been arrested and sent to prison. Several bicycle feats have been accomplished during the past month. On the 2nd September there was a race for £50, at LQlie Bridge, be tween Stanton and CamQle ThuOlet, the French champion. The distance was 44 miles, and the race was won by Stanton by 20 yards. Stanton's time, 3h. 14m. 8 sea.; Thuillet's, 3h. 14m. 10 Bees. Stanton has also raced Keen for the championship and £100, at Lillie Bridge. The latter was victorious, Stanton retiring after doing 29 miles out of the SO. Keen's time for 30 miles was the best on record, viz., lh. 48m. 23 sees. Tfcuillei has since ridden ?50 miles ia six consecutive days of 12 hours 6ach, and Frank White has done 600 in the same time. Two gentlemen of King's Lynn rode, on the 2nd Sep tember, 205 miles in 22 consecutive hours. Partridge shooting, which commenced on the 1st, has been very successful. The Prince of Wales came from Scotland to see the St. Leger run at Doncaster on the 13th inst. He was the guest of Mr. C. Sykes. The betting was 2 to 1 on Kisber, who, however, only came in a bad fourth, Petrarch being first. Obituary.-The Earl of Leven and Melville, aged 72; Sir James Campbell, Kt., of Glasgow, aged 77; General Martin des Pailiieres, one of the heroes of Bazeilles and the Army of the Loire; Mr. Justice Q.iain, of the Queen's Bench; Mr. George Smith, of Assyrian exploration repu tion; Major-General H. Wiiloughby Trevelyan, C.B.; Count Auesperg, aged 70 (well known by his pseudonym of Anastasius Grin); Lord Ardmiilan, one of the Jedges of Court of Session, aged 71 ; Sir James H. Burnett, Bart., aged 75; Sir Home Gordon, Bart, a£ed 58; Rev. Lord tJeorge Oaborn Town, shend, aged 75; General Cabrera; Mr. P. D. Hadow, Chairman of the P. & O. Company; Countess Poulett, aged 38; Father Perrone, the Jesuit Rector of the Soman University, and reputed author of the " Syllabus," aged 82; Dr. Sibson, F.R.S.; Major-General Sir Thos. Seaton, K.C.B.; Viscount Gormanstoun; General Bragg, of Confederate notoriety; Dr. £. F. ftimbauli. 