C|t Cjprflwide. MONDA Y, DECEMBER 11, 1876. . . w ' h i 1 How about the Railway Construction Bill ? In what way do Ministers, and in what way do we ourselves, now stand with reference to it 7 Will Ministers go on with the bill this ses sion, and, in the event of their doing so, have we any chance of getting them to insert the Camperdown extension line in it? Seeing that Ministers were defeated on Tuesday last on their Hob- son's Bay Railway purchase resolutions, will they risk anything further with reference to their railway policy in the present Parliament 7 These are ques tions now in everybody's mouth here, and we regret to say, that there has been little or nothing in the Melbourne nanarg. Hnrino iBn Incf faw Jnwc. enable us to give a satisfactory answer to any one of them. On Wed nesday, Mr. Bent gave notice of his intention to ask Ministers whether they would exercise the powers conferred upon them by the St. Kilda and Brighton Company's Act of 1861, and by the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Extension Act, of taking over portions of the Company's property at a certain price 7 Next morning, we were told, that the Railway Management would be proceeded with that day, and that a Cabinet meeting would be held on the following day to determine what course should be pursued with regard to the Railway Construction Bill under the altered circumstances of tlie case. But the Railway Management Bill was not proceeded with, as announced, on Thursday, and, in reply to Mr. Bent's question that day, Mr. Jones stated, that the exercise of the powers referred to had been fully considered in the recent negotiations with the Hobson's Bay Railway Company, and that there were reasons which rendered it unadvisable for them to go into the matter at large for the present. Since then the only other scrap of information we have ob- 1 tained, is, that the Cabinet have had the ' whole question under consideration, and 1 that the Premier will probably state ' what course Ministers intend to pursue , in the House to-morrow evening. With all these elements of uncertainty sny- ; rounding the question, it ftohld be diffi cult, if not indeed dangeTous; to hazard any speculations upon it now, and a discreet silence, such ub the Melbourne papers are observing, is, therefore, the best course for us to take. There is only one drawback to this, and that is, what would it be most prudent for tlie deputation appointed at the late Cam perdown railway meeting to do ? The deputation do not appear to have lost any time by not proceeding to Mel bourne on Wednesday last, but what about their proceeding thither to-day 7 Would that be of any use? We really cannot undertake to answer the ques tion, and should not like to make the attempt. There might be some chance of their making a favorable impression, if Ministers determine on alter ing the bill, and then proceeding with it. If Ministers should not. howcyeiq so determine, but resolve on leaving the next Parliament to say what shall he done with it, the deputation might do no more than repeat what was done by others many years ago as taught in our nursery rhymes : — The King of France With his ten thousand men, Marched up the hill, And then marched down again, Under these circumstances, therefore, we shrink from the responsibility of giving any advice at all on the matter. It is an open question whether the news brought by the monthly mail is worth publication as news, whilst the submarine telegraph is iii full working order. At least it is not worth the trouble and ex pense which our enterprising and power ful contemporary, The Argus, incurs in its praiseworthy effort to give it instant publicity. Take the current mail as an illustration. It brings us European in telligence up till the end of October only, whilst side by side with it we have tele graphic despatches of the date December 7th, or barely one day old when it arrives. Now this latter news supersedes both in interest and matter of fact, whole masses of that brought by the mail. Thus, at the end of October there were very general apprehensions of a European war suddenly breaking out, but we know that those apprehensions subsided weeks ago, and that the prospect is once more peace ful. Again, the mail brings us positive intelligence that Tylden has been elected President of America, whereas a later telegram informs us that his election is still doubtful. The whole statement of the relations between England and Rus sia, again, which may have been correct enough from The Argus's Berlin corres pondent on the 24th October, has been totally altered, as we now know, by sub sequent declarations made publicly both Lord Salisbury and the Emperor Alex ander. At that date it was doubtful whether a conference of the Great Powers on the Turkish question would be held at all ; but we now know that the con ference is actually sitting at this moment. Other instances of similarly conflicting statements between mail and telegraph might be cited, but these will suffice. The point is that what the mail brings us, or at least much of it, is not news in any sense of the word, and its publication serves only to confuse and perplex people's minds. Of what value is an article of two columns length, discussing the probabilities of a European war, when we know, as a matter of fact, that there is not to be any such war at all ? Of course, a zealous newspaper reader may take up a journal of any date, and find entertainment in it ; but if he be an intelligent man, he will see at a glance what is the value of the news contained in it. In these days of rapid transmission of intelligence, yesterday's news is quite superseded by to- day's, and the tenor of a single telegraphic despatch of only three lines may render inaccurate the entire budget of intelligence brought by the mail, so far at least as it rebates to the leading events of the hoar. Thus between the two sources of information things get a little mixed, and the intelli gent reader is a good deal puzzled as to which really is the most reliable state ment. But if the six weeks old news be valueless in the presence of the telegrams of yesterday's date still more valueless are the comments and speculations of Euro pean correspondents founded on it. "One fact is worth a cartload of arguments." If it is decided that England and Russia are not to go to war with each other over Turkey's affair, it is merely ridiculous to present us with, as news, whole columns of discussion on the possibility of such a war breaking forth at any moment. The waste paper basket is the proper place for them, however well or ably written they may be. We have no doubt that considerations of this kind will press themselves forcibly on the attention of leading journals, and lead them to some modifications, both in their method of publishing mail news, and their foreign lorrespondence. News, to be worth auy- tning, must oe iresn. it Kept tor a single hour it begins, like fish, to stale. And to all intents and purposes the mail news we now receive is stale, being six weeks old at the very least. To publish it, as is now done, is merely holding fast by an antiquated traditionary custom, which ought to be allowed to fall iuto disuetude. " Lord Salisbury will be pre sent at the Stamboul Conference on Saturday" is news ; but " War between England and Russia is looked upon as imminent" — written six weeks ago — is not news, but only an exploded fallacious speculation. The President of the Hampden Shire Council has, we are given to understand — and we believe correctly — been in dulging in some small criticism at our expense, under the nom de plume of " Q.E.D.," and suggests that we should be "invited to aecept the position of standing counsel to the various local bodies," whereby " much litigation would be prevented." Well, setting aside his criticism for the present, we have so much to do, and have such a liking for our own business, and for leaving others to look after theirs — instead of neglecting it, for the sake of dabbling in petty local politics, and thus playing the part of the "big man"— that we could not by any possibility accept the position, if any body was so thoughtful or generous as to offer it. But if we did accept the posi tion — say, for the Hampden Shire Council only -we will undertake to say, that no such amount of the ratepayers' money should be spent by those gentle men in law proceedings with our consent as "Q.E.D." has led them to spend within the last six or twelve months, and that no such foolish, or — we were going to say - stupid and pig-headed reading of the Avon Shire Council case on the road question, as was given by "Q.E.D." for their benefit, under the nomde plume oi " A Councillor," about six weeks ago, should ever be given by us. And then as regards the small criticism of this gentleman with the many aliases — or, not to be wanting in respect, with the many noms de plume — what does that amount to? We have often spoken in these columns of Mr. Holroyd as " the most eminent equity barrister at the Austra lian bar," and we spoke in our last, it seems, of the gentleman who applied to the Supreme Court for a mandamus to compel the Melbonrne corporation to admit Mr. Thomas Bent as a councillor for Lons dale ward, in place of Mr. J aiues Patter- 3on, the Mayor, as "a lawyer of some eminence." On that "Q.E.D.," alias " A Councillor,'' alias the President of bhe Hampden Shire Council, remarks : " Who was the counsel who advised Mr. Pent to institute the action he did ? Why the eminent equity barrister, Mr. Holroyd, thegentleman, who, in another suit, served the party, whom The Chronicle delights to honor, so well and so successfully, and who in the article is spoken of as a lawyer of some eminence ? A lawyer of some eminence only ? Is not this ingrati tude of the worst kind ?" Hardly ; con sidering that we are in a position to knock a hole completely through the bottom of this little bit of criticism. It was not Mr. Holroyd, who applied for a mmidamus to compel the Melbourne cor poration to admit Mr. Bent as a coun cillor for Lonsdale ward. It was Mr. O'Loghlen, as "Q.E.D." may see by re ferring to The Argus of Tuesday last, in which the ease is reported at length. For this sort of blundering, when he sets himself up as a critic, what apology has "Q.E.D." to offer? A telegram was received from the Hon. Niel Black, M.L.A., on Saturday, stating that it would not be known until Monday whether the Government would proceed with the Railway Construction Bill or not, and if so, in what precise form. It was also suggested in Mr Black's telegram, that the deputation from the Camperdown Railway League should be in Melbourne not later than Monday — a suggestion which will, we understand, be acted upon. We have not heard how many of the deputation will pro ceed to Melbourne this morning, but Dr. Curdie, Peter M 'Arthur, Esq., Stuart Reid, Esq., and John Walls, Esq., will, we under stand, be among tl.e number, and R. D, Scott, Esq., is to follow in the evening. . It will be seen by one of ourlatesttelegrams that a public meeting was held in the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Saturday to petition for the commutation of the sentence of Bondietto, the Italian, for the murder of Comisto, his companion, from death to imprisonment, but the general belief is, that he will, not withstanding, be hanged this morning. The evidence on which this man was con victed was doubtless circumstantial only, there being no positive proof that Comisto has been murdered, but we have not watched the case with sufficient minuteness to justify us in setting up our judgment against that of the Attorney-General and the rest of the Cabinet, who had all the facts of the case before them, and we, therefore, can not help thinking that they would have been mercifully inclined, if there had been any just grounds for their recommending an exten sion of the prerogative of mercy. Still, it is better in all cases that a hundred guilty men should be tenderly dealt with, than that the life of one innocent man should be taken away — considering that that is a mis take which can never be cured, however much desired. Bondietto is a man, we understand, much advanced in years. It is not very flattering to the vanity of those who no doubt thought all eyes were upon them in the struggle for what they supposed to he their rights to find the Mel bourne press not condescending to take the least notice of them. But the fact of the matter is, that none of the Melbourne morning papers thought it worth their while to report what took place in the Court of Equity on Wednesday last with respect to the Shire of Hampden, and only one of them took any notice whatever of it. Like ourselves, the Melbourne journals have, no doubt, had enough of this case, the only one which noticed it having done so with the view of reproducing Judge Moles- worthis expressions of contempt for the " outrageously illegal" eonduct of the "ma jority of five," without apology or excuse for what they had done, as also with the view of recording, a a matter of fact, that those gentlemen had been ordered to pay for this out of their own pockets. There the matter, we suppose, must be left, and our only hope is that it will prove a useful lesson to all concerned, and that we shall hear no more of it. If there be any further reference to it, it shall, at any rate, he from no fault of ours. The day coach from Camperdown to Geelong ran for the last time on Saturday. It will in future run between Camperdown and Winehelsea only, connecting there with the railway, and two trains will run daily. Hours of departing and arriving of the day coach between Camperdown and Win ehelsea. The day coach, ip connection with the railway, leaves Winehelsea for Camperdown at 10 a.m., reaching Camper down at 6 p.m. Leaves Camperdown for Winehelsea at 8 a.m., reaching Winehelsea in time for the 3.45 p.m., daily. We understand that the Education De partment have at length made arrangements for the erection of the Kilnoorat and Cloven Hills schools. The buildings, we are in formed, will be sent off early in January. These two schools, although only half-time, will be a great boon, and those interested will, we have no doubt, be glad to hear that something is being done at last. At a late meeting of the committee of the Camperdown Railway League, Peter M'Ar thur, Esq., of Meningoort, submitted the following statistics with the view of showing how the extension of the Black Line from Camperdown would pay, and leave a profit to the Government, after paying the interest on the money borrowed for the under- laKing : — Estimated number of sheep on, say, 50 sta- tions, averaging 4 lbs. of wool each, washed and greasy, or a total of 1,954 tons carriage, at £2 per ton 3,908 One-twelfth of the above number of fat Hueep, 01,100, which wouia go to market Dy rail at Is. per head " 4,568 Tallow, hides, skins, and other pastoral pro duce, say . .. .. ... . . 1,000 Return loading in tbe shape of fencing wire, building materials, tea, sugar, &c.;, &c.; . . 2,000 Passenger traffic, say . . . . . , . . 2,000 'Total £13,466 'Per Contra. Construction of 30 miles of railway, at £4,000 per mile, £120,000 ; interest on this sum at 4 per cent. . . . , 4,800 Leaving a gross profit of . . . . £8,066 In this estimate, no account is taken cl agricultural produce which would be carried on the line, nor of much of the existing traffic of various descriptions, and it must be observed here, that none of the stations from which the estimated wool and sheep traffic is drawn are more than 45 miles from Camperdown, and most of them under 30 miles. The Australian Blondin made his first ap- pearrnce in Camperdown on Friday night. There was a moderate attendance, and the juvenile portion of the audienee were greatly delighted with the performance, especially at the absurd figure in the ghost scene. One. trick in particular deserves notice, viz., where the performer crosses the wire rope with two pieces of iron (wheel boxes) hang ing by pieces of string attached to his feet. Walking along the wire blindfold, and tlie wheelbarrow trick were well done, though rather slowly, which may, however, be accounted for from the enclosure not being sufficiently illuminated. A display of fire works, and the Oobden brass band enlivened the evening's entertainment. On Saturday the performance was witnessed by about the same number as on Friday. Mr. Anlezark. the agent, informs us that Blondin will per form to-night at Terang, and on Wednesday and Thursday at Mortlake. Canova Megson, Esq., of the Land Office, Camperdown, has been gazetted a commis sioner of the Supreme Court, until he shall cease to hold the office of clerk of the courts. The application of John Butterworth, of Marida Yallock, for a license of 42a. Or. 20p., under the 20th section of the Land Act, has been approved. The applications of the following persons for licenses under the Land Act of 1869, have been approved Edward Cockerill, Timboon, 134 acres ; Richard M'Dowall, Taaraak, 122 acres. David Myers, Esq., has been appointed a magistrate for the Southern Bailiwick. TheDundas Shire Council passed the follow ing camieal resolution unanimously on Wed nesday last relative to closed roads : — " 1. That alJ roads upon which the Couneil have expended money be opened for traffic. 2. That all roads upon which the Council have have not expended money may be closed with swing gates. 3. That applications for leave to erect swing gates be advertised, and a day be fixed for receiving objections in writing to such applications." We have been compelled at the la3t moment to hold over about a column of advertisements, but will endeavor to provide tiue in future. 