THE STAGE. " As You Like It " was withdrawn from the boards of the Theatre Royal on Friday night, and on Saturday evening the curtain rose on "Romeo and Juliet," to a house filled to the utmost extent of its capacity. Public opinion is so much divided as to the exact degree of merit in Mrs. Scott-Siddon's con ception of the character of Juliet, that it be- 1 ' v i - Ch'ii > . I ' " I qomes difficult to determine whether, outside the : circle of critics, or rather, those who criticise, it it regarded as a Very fine, or phly a creditabl > cjonfess that 1 view it; as very pertain parts, and - as falling to a somewhat lpwer level in others. It is undeniably ' a cpr ef ully-s tu d ied work, Elaborated with minute, apd artistic tojiphes, ; but the. dramatic power qecessary for an evenly-finished performance of te part is, owing to a lack of physical vigour, ry much modified in the more declamatory passages of the text. It is not a consistent rendering, and the proof of this is contained in tiie fact that Mrs. Siddons played it much better on the occasion of its second representa tion than on the first or third. It varies to such a degree as to lead inferentially to the opinion that, possessing a highly nervous temperament, Mrs. Scott-Siddons's acting is affected to a great extent by the persons and things included in fier immediate surroundings. As one of the Characters which she oftenest represents, there was no reason why it should have been better rendered on Monday night, which was a wet one, than on Saturday and Wednesday, which Were fine ones, except on the supposition that Mr. Dampier's Romeo had improved, and con sequently, in obedience to some law of Harmony, a corresponding and agreeable improvement manifested itself in her 'acting. She certainly presents to us a very poetical Juliet, and her evidently profound knowledge cjf the very highest principles of dramatic art enables her, by the force of passion and imagina tion, to colour the picture she paints with rich, warm tints. That some of the colours are cold, grey, and incompatible with the bright sunny poetry of the scene is undeniable, and if the artist chooses of her own free will to allow them to remain, she must of necessity accept the risk and the result of the public verdict. In all the early scenes of the play, however, that subtle art which is not quite genius, but more than talent, permits her to invest her actions with a softness and a glamour positively intoxicating m its rich freshness, her youth and beauty Enabling her to embody clearly the idea of the handsome daughter of the Capulet — " the hope ful lady of his earth," blossomed out of the " prettiest babe that e'er I nursed" ; but in the later phases and situations, there is a want of unity and singleness that involuntarily leaves An impression on the mind of the earnest student as of something missing. Taking some of the in cidents which she exhibits with grand effect, the balcony Bcene, which is that of her first interview with the youth who has so suddenly kindled the flame of love within her breast, is marvellous in its constructive skill. Alternating between the I' lassion of the woman and the soft timidity of he maiden, full of regrets for the bitter feuds hat divide the houses of Montague and Capulet, he truthfulness of the despair expressed in her ipening soliloquy is only equalled by the rap- Jfcure conveyed in each utterance, each look and inovement, when Romeo, who baa overheard her Confession of love for him, tells her that — ! " My life were better ended by their hate Than- death prorogued wanting of thy love." She is quite overcome with the joy, the bliss of this new — and to her loving heart — divine knowledge, and when Romeo exclaims — " I would I were thy bird," her reply — " Sweet, so would I, " Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing." expresses within itself all of that maddening and fatal love which engrosses her young mind, and leads to her ultimate destruction. The fifth scene, where she awaits the return of her nurse from her mission to Romeo to arrange for the marriage, is another splendid example of Mrs. Siddons's skill. The fretting impatience with which she measures time, the " three long hours" of her messenger's absence, the vehement joy, as she bounds forward, with which she utters the words, "O honey nurse, what news? Hast thou met him?" is a masterpiece, for in so few words, a volume of thoughts, feelings, and impassioned - ima ginings is concentrated. The simple artfulness, the many little winning ways by which she seeks with feverish longings to extract the ordi narily garrulous but, on this occasion, fearfully reticent old woman's tidings, are wonderful simulations, truthful and natural to a fault. It is in the exhibition and development of purely feminine traits and attributes that Mrs. Siddons excels, just -as it is in the tragic and m6re violently emotional parts of tne play that she falls below the high standard whieh she has herself previously set up, and from which her performance is gauged. It becomes palpably evident in the bedchamber scene that she has reached her limit. Perhaps it would be better to say the limit which nature itself has drawn. The attempt to give expres sion to the profounder emotions of agony, des pair, and hate in the rejection of her nurse and the attempt to deceive her parents is a. forced one ; the bodily strength is exhausted, the crea tive power is lost, the rapt attention of the: onlookers is disturbed by the violent efforts which are new seen to be efforts, and the actress disappears in the performer. Viewed as a whole, Mrs. Siddons is a thorough ana pleasant stuay. She is fascinating m ap pearance, more than intelligent, with an instant perception of the beautiful, and judging by her Rosalind her interpretations of Shakspeare's comedy parts are without flaw or blemish, and it is only in tragedy that she fails to reach the top most goal. If she errs in the innovation she makes when she shrieks out " Tybalt" just as she falls senseless on the bed, and in draggingher body along the floor after stabbing herself, instead of falling on Romeo's dead body, as directed in the text, they are not errors of magnitude, and may be easily overlooked. It is hard to understand what Mr. Dampier's mind has conceived respecting the character of Romeo. It is made clear by the text that he is brave, gentle, and of an intensely melancholia temperament, for prior to 'his having known Juliet, his father, in reply to Benvolio's re mark that he had seen Romeo walking covertly in the wood during early morn, says— " ? m®rilnS hath he there been seen W-ttW the fresh mornrng-s dew, r IMpe clqe4$ witfi his deep steals home my heavy son, And privateqn bis chamber pens himself ' Shuts up his windows, locks fair daylight out." He is thus first presented in the most sorrow ful aspect to our view, aud it is only natural to suppose that his subsequent love for Juliet is the means whereby his sorrows are intensified. Mr. Dampier, however, presents liim at first in the guise of a Mark Tapley— rather jolly under difficulties. He is, besides, strangely prac tical, without pathos or yielding softness, and there is more of the hard philo sophy of his Hamlet apparent than any display of the poetry of passion, conveyed in the melt ing, sensuous speeches he makes to Juliet in the love scenes, which consequently become speeches only. There is a superabundance of force , and utter absence of softness, which makes it -matter for regret that Romeo was not entrusted to Mr. Appleton, and Mercutie to Mr. Dampier. They are level parts, and it is a very serious mischance that they were not so cast. Mr. Dampier is keen, clever, and is seldom very wrong. I am sorry in this instance that hi« Romeo is not one I can praise. The goodness of Mr. Appleton's Mercutio is hardly recognised sufficiently. He gives us a por traiture of the Willy, merry, brave gentleman, overflowing with animal spirits ; zealous in his inenasnip ior ms mends, generous m his anger even to his _ enemies, that is lifelike in its fidelity. He imitates the senility of the nurse capitally, and his " Farewell, ancient lady, farewell, lady, lady" — is humorous in the highest degree. Mrs. Bryer, as the nurse, performs her part most creditably — it' is, in fact, a piece of work which takes most of the audience by surprise, as Mrs. Bryer had not previously given evidence of any great ability in her rendition of Shaks- perian characters. She. is garrulous, toadying, loving, and spiteful by turn, at the proper times and in the proper places, and help the success of the play considerably. Mr. Stuart O'Brien is a good Capulet. Mr. Bolton an in different Paris. Mr. Caesar an excellent Ben- volio ; and Mr. Lawrence abetter " Friar" than I expected. Mr, Taylor makes a great deal out of a very little as the Apothecary, as does Mr. Greville-in the part of "Peter." Tybalt, at the hands of Mr. Sefton, is furious and comba tive as befits the fiery nephew of Lady Capulet. Mr. Deorwyn is fairly good as Montague, and Miss Maggie Stewart is quite out of her place as Lady Capulet. Mr. Hennmgs has taken pains to paint some very handsome scenery, but the attention of the spectators is so much absorbed in watching the progress of the play that it has not been ad mired according to its deserts. A public street in Verona is a capital bit of work, if only for the faithfulness of the architectural details. The balcony scene representing the interior quad rangle of the Capulet mansion is a splendid bit of perspective, and the view from the great hall of the house through the principal doorway,- with the Vemnese hills, nrnwnpfl with villas and castellated mansions surmounting their tops, is exceedingly picturesque. Some splendid lime-light effects are produced, and, so far as scenery and appointments go, there is nothing to find fault with. The theatre has been filled fully every night, this week, and "Romeo and Juliet" will probably not be removed from the boards for some nights yet. Mr. Emmet opened out at the Opera-house on Monday night in his old character Fritz, and drew a very good house. The cast is changed very much since he last played it here. Miss Wooldridge takes the part of Louise ; Mr. W. G. Carey, Colonel Crafton ; Mr. G. Leopold, Julius Snow ; Mr. Forde, Mias Grim ; Mrs. Fox, Moppy ; and Miss Nellie Maher and little Lily Bryer their old parts, as Katrina and Schneider respectively. " Fritz" has been played during the week to good audiences, and it has been announced that the new piece, " Jan," is shortly to be produced. Dr. Sylvester, the Fakir, has again taken possession of St. George's -hall He gives some new ghost illusions by means of a neat little dialogue from the pen of Mr. Garnet Walch, entitled " Major Shrapnell's Wager" (the wager being £500 that the major would not sleep in a certain haunted grange) ; some improvements on the entranced lady business ; a cabinet, a la Davenport Brothers ; the magic fountain, which is much improved ; and numerous other exhibits. He has been attracting large audiences, and is, I think, doing well. ADAGIO. 