MISCELLANEOUS. Bullets ani- Brainb.— The manager of a New Jersoy paper has for the last seven months been known as 'The Editor with a Bullet in his Brain.' He was shot in iiis own office in March last, and recovered so completely, says the Lancet, that his assailant was released on bail, but re lapsed, and died on the 24th of last month. A Bost-inortem examination was made, and ' the bullet was found en crusted' within the tentorium, beneath the posterior lobe of the right hemisphere.' ' Three abscesses were found on the right hemisphere, there was marked congestion of the pia mater on the floor of the right ventricle, especially on the right side ; the cerebellum was wholly uninjured. The opening (made by the bullet) was an inch to the right of the occipital protuberance, and half an inch above the groove of the right lateral sinus. We may expect further particulars of this interesting case. New Zealand Timber.— The value of New Zealand timber for shipbuilding purposes has been acknowledged by the Lords of the Admiralty, who have entered into a con tract with Mr. J. Russell, of Auckland, to supply ttie de partment with 2,500,000 feet of spars and baulk timber annually for a term of years. Southern PACinc Railuoab.— It is calculated that by; July, 1876, the Southern Pacific Railroad Company will have a continuous track from San Francisco to the Colorado, a distance of 700 miles. At present the San Joaquin branch of the Central Pacific is used for through traffic as far as Goschcn until the Southern Pacific has the gap closed between its north division and the middle di vision via Polonio Pass. The point of junction will bo about midway between Goschen and Caliente. Venesection as a Hahit.— An extraordinary case of habitual venesection is reported by Dr. E. Warren Sawyer in the Chicago Medical Journal, for September, 1875. The subject ©f the narrative is a retired clergyman, aged SO. His firm step and keep intellect show on unusual degree of preservation for his advanced years. He is a farmer's eon, and during his entire life has 'been unusually free from sickness. When 17 years old, according to the custom of the period, and not for ill health, he was bled for the first time. This habit of spring bleeding was followed for the next six years. He then became a student, and the change from active farm work to a sedentary life caused a constant feeling of heaviness, to relieve which he resorted more frequently to the lancet, and during the next ten years he was bled from four to eix times a vear. al wavs logins- from 10 to 15 ounces of blood. The frequency of the vene sections increa&ed;,and for the past forty years the patient has suffered the loss of 3 or 10 ounces of blood every three weeks. For the past nine months this man has been under Dr. Sawyer's care, who has every three weeks bled him to the extent of from 8 to 10 ounces.' The demand for blood letting is shown by a dyspnoea. Repeated auscultatory examinations of the heart and lungs have failed to discover any organic disease of the former, and but slight evidence of vesicular dilatation of the latter. The history shows that, for a time, the bleedings were not actually demanded; but for many yean past, in the opinion of Dr. Sawyer, it would have been detrimental, and perhaps attended with a fatal result, to attempt a reformation of the habit. The preservation of meat, &c;, by cold has, fer some time, it is known, been engaging the attention of M. Tillicr. He has announced that a steamer of 900 tons has been bought, and is being fitted for the special transport of pro visions preserved by his method. She is named the Fri gorifique, and will take to La Plata, on this, her first voyage, wine, beer, butter, cheese, vegetables, &c.;, return ing with a cargo of fresh meat, game, fruits, furs, silk worms' eggs, &c.; The project is a highly interesting one, and to be wished all success. M. Tellier has invited the attention of the French Academy to his arrangements, and offers members any f acuities for making experiments either during or after the voyage. ? Mabchino.' — Comparing the principal armies of Europe, j we (Land and Wattr) find the German with a stride of 31$ inches, and a cadence of 112 per minute ; the Austrian with one of 29 J inches, and a cadence of 116 to 120; the Italian with cue of 29| iacbee, and a cadeaoe ef 120; and the EuglJEh with a pace of 30 inches, and a cadence -,-f lit; per minute. Hence tin- German infantry would gain 48 inches every miaute on the British, or at the rate of 210 fe«t. per hour. In like runner the Austrian and Itili^n. ', pain 65 inches in every minute, o? at the rate of 315 fog ' jj( r hour on '.ur tn-or.*, ttud 105 f«t per hour on German infantry. Tsikirg au ciyrbt hiWirs' march as a fair sample | of what nijjhr ^o t*sj«;-jttd from -trained suldierg .jn a«.-tive i w^ivicp. it therefore results that British infantry . rtgtiiuntt- would. »it ih«* »-*nninAtii n, be 1920 f.«t. or more . th.-iij the ihird of a inilo, behind Gcim.oiis, and 27f;0 feet, : nj- nior-? thau hnlf « in.V, in rear of Austrians and Italians. The gain or luvo ?/ distance being, however, of less I importance than ibr- t-.H'fUie caused by its accomplL- hcueut, it is to this latter point that we would direct the ? attention of the military authorities. According to ! our experience, gained during marches in India, ' aggregating several thousand _ miles, a short, i jerky pace is infinitely more tiring than a lang, ; measured stride. In the lirst regiment in which the i -writer had the honour to serve ' stepping out ' was the ' order of the day, and the men made nothing of rattling ,,ff j their twelve or fifteen miles. But in his second corps a I ciamped, dancing sort of gait had come into vogue, to tht ' great distress of every individual, officer or private, who posseesfd the ordinary length of leg. Of course, this is the manV factor to be considered when dealing with the ques tion, the same length of pace being clearly impossible for a regiment of duclts and a battalion of storks. But it having been just proved that French soldiers, who are notoriously short -legged, can step 29 1 inches at'a cadence of 116 to the minute, there seem valid grounds for believing that some thing better than a pace of 30 inches atd a cadence of lie might be expected of the comparatively long-limbed British foldier. Bbighah Young has been condemned in the District Court of Utah to pay 9600 dollars alimony to one of hie wives, and to be imprisoned until that sum and the costs of the suit are paid. He has been arrested, and, accord ing to- the latent intelligence, remains in custody in his own house. The Bev. Isaac Hanks, for many years minister of the Independent Chapel, Silver- street, fell down dead in his pulpit ob Sunday night, October 30th, just as he had given out his text, which was, ' But man dieth. aud wasteth away ; yea, man givelh up the ghost, and where is he F ' A New Engmsu Babitoxb. — The Milanese journal* speak in most enthusiastic terms of a new baritone ringer, by name George Walker, Italianized info Giorgio Valcheri. They say that his voice is of extraordinary beauty* resonance, power, and compass, and that he sings and acts like an artist of the highest culture. Encomiums such as these are all the more valuable, as the Italians are very rhary of awarding praise or even commendation to a foreigner. It is likely that his services will be secured for one of the opera-houses in London during the next season. PlIOTOGBAl'HY AS AN AID TO MEDICAL DlAG koeis. — Dr. Utzman, of the University of Vienna, lately read a paper before the Medical Society of Lower Austria on the use of photography in medical studies. The Lancet says that he mentioned, on the authority of Dr. Vogel, that an eruption of smallpox had been made evident by photography twenty- four hours before it actually came out. Although no one could as yet observe anything on the skin of the patient, the negative plate showed stain.* f hat perfectly resembled the variolous exanthem, and twenty four hours later the eruption became clearly evident. 