INSTALLATION OF BISHOP HALE. Shortly before 7 o'clock p.m. on Wednes day the Itiglit {{everend Bishop Hale, 0. D., accompanied by Archdeacon Oleunie, arrived at St. John's Parsonage, where they were re ceived by the Kector and the Diocesan Council. The registrar read the mandate from the Metropolitan of Sydney, aud the reply of Archdeacon Gienaie. After the reading of the mandate, the Bishop subscribed to thedcolaration contained in the 24th clause of the Constitution, which is aB follows : — ' I, A.B., cUoBen Bishop of the Church and Sec of Brisbane, do promise that 1 will teach and maintain the doctrine and discipline of the United Church of England aud Ireland, as acknowledged and received by the Synod of Brisbane ; and I do aUo declare that I consent to be bound by all the Canons and Regulations of the said Synod which are now or may hereafter be in force ; and in consideration of being appointed Bishop of said Church or gee of Brisbane, I do hereby undertake immediately to resign the said appointment, together with aU the rights aud emoluments appertaining thereto, if sentence requiring such resignation should at auv time be nassed UDon me. after due examination had by the tribunal acknow ledged by the said Synod for the trial of a Bishop, saving all right* of apueal allowed by the said Synod.' The Bishop then prayed tho Archdeacon to take upon himself the execution ot the mandate, and a procession was formed. The Ahoudeaoon having conducted the Bishop to the throne within the rails, and having caused him to be seated, inducted His Lordship in the following words :—' 1, Benjamin Glettnie, Archdeacon of Brisbane, by the authority to me committed to induct, Distal, and enthrone you, the Eight Rev. father in God, Matthew Blsgden Hale, ».»., by Divine permission Lord fiishojp of Bris bane, into the Bishopric and episcopal dignity of Brisbane, and into thareal, Mtosl, and corporeal possession of the «ame, with aU and singular the rights, digniHss, honors, and appurtenances thereof. And the IjoM preserve your going out and your ooming in from this time forth for evermore. And may you remain in justice and saueWty, «u) adorn the place fa- yon 4elettta& by Ood. God is powerful, Md mV le iaowtfe your ' ^^^^^ ^^^^^^ ? — i - T4ef Te Deuni* was thetfViinng, aSa'i which the Archdeacon offered the .following, prayerj— 'Almighty God, the'Civer of alT good things, who by Thy HoTy spirit hart appointed divers orders of ministers in Thy Cuuroh: Mercifully behold Thj servant Matthew Blagden Hale, who is nowtppointed to tbe high office and dignity of Bishop of this Diuoese ; and so replenish him with the truth of Thy doctrine, and adorn him with inuoceucy of life, that bath by word and ueed bo may faithfully serve Thee in that office to the glory of Thy Name, and to the edifying and well-governing of Thy Church. Grant, we botseech Tboe, that be may long live happily to rule this Church ; and that having worthily fulfilled his course, he may finally receive the crown of righteousness laid up by tho Lord, the righteous Judge, who livctli and rcigncth with tlie Father and the Holy Ghost, uue God, world without end. Amen.' Evening i'rayer was intoned by tlie Itev. D. A. Court, and the proper fsalma appointed for the occasion were 121st, )22ud, 124th, 125th, and 120th. The iirat lesson, takeu from Joshua, xxiv., 14 to '19, was then read iu a distinct voice by the l!cv. J. II. Camp bell. After this, the ' Magnificat' was sung to Nares in F. The stxjond lesson, St, Matthew, x, was impressively read t-y the llev. J. W. War, after which followed the Nuuc Dimittis, the creed, aud usual collects. After tlie thii-d collect followed the Authem, by Kent, taken ffoin 1 Olirouiclus, xxix., verses 1(1, 11, 12, and 18. The usual evening prayers were followed by the Hallelujah Chorus from Handel's ' Messiah,' rendered iu line style by the choir. Tho rector then gave notice of Holy Comiuuniou at 10 a.m. on Thursday morn ing. Tlie proceedings of tbo evening were brought to a close by the solemn Benediction, given by His Lordship from the altar. The procession then reformed, in the order in which it had entered the church, and hav ing passed down (.ho aisle singing the ' Old Hundredth Pnaliii,' tbe clergy halted iu order to allow the liishop, the Archdeacon, and tlie rfctor to pass between them, after which they resumed their inarch anil passed out of tbe church between files of choristers. A coiircrauiioiir, held on Thursday, was attended by two hundred ami fifty persons. — Abridged from the Courier. 