IN THE CHURCHES. On Aug. 18 references were made in most of the city and also in suburban churches, to the death of Mr. Harcus. We append a number of reports:— \- Ct AYTOK CKUBCH, KBNSTNGTOSr. In the evening the Bey. F. W. Cox preached ? funeral sermon on the late Mr. Harcus. The rev. gentleman took for his text—" Whether we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord's."— Xomans xiv. 8. He said that he believed the Apostle Paul used these words to indicate the broad liberal-minded charity which should be evinced by men one towards the other on matters of opinion and practice closely affecting Christian life. Then had been among the early Christians, as there was now, and as there would be wherever free thought prevailed, to the end of time, contentions as regards foods, feasts, and festivals, high days and holidays, and other things, and on these matters the Apostle had been speaking, and on all these matten he laid down the 'broad grand principle that while they were not to allow others to judge them on these matters, they were not themselves to be judges. They were mot to lord themselves over one another, but they were to be brothers, and all subjects of one Lcyd. And he thought it was to prove the undivided supremacy of our Lord that the words v "live" and "die" had been placed by the Apostle in opposition to one another. But apart from this,, there was a deeper meaning and a large truth in the words; and it Would be a blessed thing if all present could say that they were wholly the disciples of, and believers in the Lord Jesus Christ. Life, death, aad eternity were the themes presented by the text; and the subjects—life and death—were -worthy of the highest thought and the noblest philosophy.; and though apparently so opposed to each other, -really'made a harmonious whole resulting in eternity. In proof of this doctrine —that wjpgsapparentiytotjMy opposed to each other, when brought in contact, produced har mony, strength, and beauty—the rev. gentle man gave some beautiful illustrations, and then went on to say'that it was only natural death * should be looked upon as a per plexing mystery, and one which must cast gloom on the living. And on too many it cut a gloom which pressed in upon the souls, and kept them all their lives in bondage through the fear of death. But they must put aside the • :£loomy~i>icture of 'the Old Testament, as given' l>y SoUhnon and other writers, who seemed to look with utter, hopelessness on what was to come after the grave, and look upon what was revealed in the Hew Testament; living with, all our powers and faculties at full play, with. all we loved around us, with the calls of life and of charity and ?elf-denial, and with, to the. healthful minded, the actual struggle of life cheering one on to hope well of the future. .We might perhaps be inclined with Job to look upon, death as a land of utter darkness where ' even the light was darkness. But they must not look upon death as being a chamber from which tihere was no outlet, but as simply a vesti bule through. which one passed to higher regions, as the second transition to a nobler and a Setter state—our birch being the first < transition—to something higher and nobler ; titan we could have ever imagined. The -rev. i gentleman then in strong terms showed that it , was the duty of every man to live so as to be ] ready "to die lor eternity, pointing out the < danger of putting a wrong construction on the salvation of the dying thief and leaving every thing tjo the last in the hope that the consola tion of religion would ensure an entrance to heaven^ and of the absurdity and inconsistency of trying to live two lives—one for business ana the other for religion. Season, revelation, and the calls of Providence showed them how neces sary it was to be always ready for death. Ihiring the past week there had been suchaoall of Providence, and yesterday they Had stood at the open grave side, and mingled with kindred dust the remains of one who had been near and dear to* many there that night. He had been •very near to them as a church. Many and oft a time had he, from where he (Mr. Cox) was now etandingjCalledthemtofollowiiithefootstepsof the Saviour. They could recollect that, and also how herhad been within their social circles, how he had' prayed, by the bedside of the sick, given consolation to the dying, and faithfully held up to them what was their duty as Christians. .He would ask them to recal all that they had heard him say and lay it to heart. And there were some there that night who had lost a kind and loving father, one who had led them at the family altar to the throne of God, and who had striven his best to make them men and citizens; and though they had no earthly father left, there was a 'Father in heaven, and a Saviour who would help and protect them, if they would but call on him for aid. And society would lose by : his death. A useful and valuable citizen- had gone—one, too, 'whom in his par- j ticular walk in life it would be most difficult, lie believed,'to replace. And he, too, had lost a j personal- friend, one whom he had known before j they both came to this land, and one with whom-he had once been intimate. Latterly, however, they had not seen so much of each other as might have been desired, but perhaps that might be owing to the fact that of late years there had been a divergence in their lines of professional life, and both had been too busy to spare the time for intercourse. When the divergence in their lines of life took place, he had disagreed with their departed brother as to his coarse of action, and had given him his reasons for the disagreement, but he must say that though they had differed on this point his regard and esteem for his friend had neves been lessened. And he must say that the press was the highest and the noblest calling that a man could engage in, so long as it was con ducted on high principles—so long, he meant, as the lordship of Christ was supreme over him who wielded the editorial pen—and so long as there was a striving fur all that was right, noble, pure, and just, in all matters that came fairly within tbe range of current journalism. He believed that the profession of a journalist had its peculiar perils, but there "was no profession which was not surrounded with its own pecu liar temptations, and those who belonged to them knewthem perhaps better than those that were outside. But such being the case, it was all the more necessary that men of the highest moral fibre should wield affairs in secular professions; and he could not help recollect ing that this colony stood in" the enviable position that there was no antagonism between ministers of religion and the secular press, but that the one helped the other, and he be lieved that this harmony was due to the power ful influence that had been exercised by Mr. Harcus on the side of all that was good. There fore he Would only say that yesterday they had consigaed his remains to kindred dust, there to slumber till the trump of judgment' should usher bun into immortality. The rev. gentle man tbenin an eloquent peroration exhorted all so to live that they might die fitted for ?ternity. The service was opened' with the chant * 1 will arise.'' The lessons were a portion of the 11th and the lath chapters of the EcclesetastesAna a: portion |of the ?tfi chapter of the gospel by St. Matthew. The church was fulL FIKXE-STBEET CHCBCH. The Bey. jSamueJ. Knight, who officiated in the morning/before commencing his sermon said:— **During the past week the city has been bereaved of one who was long known among its citizen* as a leader of public opinion. On Friday week lie looked in his uraal health, though somewhat sombre. On Sunday we heard Mr. Harcus is ill; Monday, Mr. Harcus is Worse; Tuesday and Wednesday, sinking; and on Thursday, Mr. Areas is dead —dead in the midst of Ills days,' with every natural gift ?matured for public Usefulness, speaking through an organ increasing every day in circulation and influence. Ever friendly to tile* religious interests of the country, he- had obtained a status which gave boldness to^all his utterances, and we hoped to see him step forth from his chamber, strengthened in the higher aim which comes of sanctified suffering; but he is taken away, and Christianity in Sooth Australia has lost a-friend; one who never penned aline inimical to its interests, who nobly helped to give to the press of (hit colony its unexception able tone, who never dealt in inuendo (more dangerous than flat denial) and never sought to violate the sanctities of moral law by breaking down reverence for the Sabbath day. The press of Sooth Australia owes much to such men, and the community owes much to such a press. Whatever signs of political animus we may find in our journals, we cannot complain of denominational prejudice or injustice to what is godly and pure. Temperance, morality, religion, and order find equal championship, and if not as positive on all subjects as some would like, they are not adverse and unfriendly. To such men as the late Mr. Harcus we owe it that the newspapers j of South Austntliaare free from that vicious in terference with conscientious scruples that characterises some organs of our neighbors. Some of us may deplore the fact that gifted ministers forsake the most sacred and un worldly of callings for any secular pursuits, but we have known communities afflicted with such a partisan press, so insidious and baneful as to justify the separation of the ablest pastors from their holy office to save the national con victions from being undermined by scepticism and irreverence for what is godly and religions. Let us freely own our debt to Mr. Harcns; and while we may not indulge in panegyric of his talents or his social qualities; where the cause of religion and morality receives service, let the Christian societies freely acknowledge lie debt, and pay willing tribute to those who work for God and humanity ia any sphere. We have prayed for the comfort of those bereaved of their tenderest earthly friend. Let us com mend them to the loving-kindness of God, and the kindly offices of sympathising friends, who will stand in the place of God as far as earthly friendship can solace them. The Rev. H. T. Burgess preached in the even ing from—"ls there no balm in Gilead; is there no physician there? Why then is the health of the daughter of my people not re covered ?"—Jer. viii. 22. The subject led him to remark on the prevalence of -vice and immo rality in various forms, and the damage done by evil both on individuals and communities. He urged the need of adopting the remedial measures which the Gospel provided without delay; and in drawing attention to the admo nitory lessons of Providence, spoke as follows —" One event which has transpired during the past week I cannot dismiss with a mere passing allusion. I refer to the loss which the city has sustained in the death of Mr. W. Harcus. The position which Mr. Harcus occupied as editor of a daily paper rendered him a prominent and 'influential member of the community, and one whose loss will be deeply deplored. The im portance of his position can scarcely be over rated, for public character is swayed for good or .evil to a large extent by the current literature which prevails in its midst. It is not only mo dified by the direct and formal utrerances of , those who guide public opinion, but by the general tone which is adopted. It is matter for j fhrnltfiiln<>?a that the conduct of the secular press of this city has been for many years lin the hands of those who have employed it in the interests of religion and morality. In this respect it compares most favorably both with some of the other colonies and with many . other parts of the world. No one can tell how much of Sabbath desecration, open immorality, and avowed disregard of sacred things has been prevented by the attitude of the leading news papers towards these subjects. Atheistic litera ture and immoral newspapers in other countries have vitiated the moral atmosphere and poisoned their social life. Perhaps as a people . we have not much to boast of, but we have no doubt been spared much humiliation. I gladly embrace the opportunity of expressing my con viction that the cause of religion owes much, not. only, to the absence of any hostile spirit on the part of the daily journals, but to the fact that the principles of truth and righteousness, i purity and virtue, usually receive from them powerful support. Among those who have en deavored to imbue society with a healthy moral tone, the late Mr. Harcus occupied an honored and honorable position. Of his general cha racter I need say but little. It will be sketched ' elsewhere by other and abler hands; but I may | say that those who knew him most intimately were those who valued him most highly. His strict adherence to what he believed to be the truth, his fearlessness in exposing abuses, his unblemished integrity, and his boldness in ad vocating what he deemed to be right, are traits which will long be remembered." STOW CHUBCH. The Rev. W. Boby Fletcher, M.A., preached in the morning from the words " Our Saviour ! Jesus Christ, who has abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the Gospel."—ll. Timothy, i. 10. After re ferring to the recent death of Mrs. William Giles, one of the earliest members of the church, and of the Bey. A. M. Henderson, who was the first to preach within, the walls of Stow Church, the rev. gentleman went on to say—"This colony has been called to pass through what we must call a public bereavement in the sudden and . unexpected death of one of the leaders of its common life. No man was better known in Adelaide than him whom we must to-day call ' the] late* Mr. Harcus. No man's depar ture from us could cause a gap more keenly felt or more difficult to filL Though not favored with a long acquaintance with him, yet what I did know of him, led me to deem him a personal friend, and what I have seen and heard of his work has induced me to esteem him highly for that work's sake. In our day, and especially in a young land like this, no man can over-estimate the importance of the press in moulding opinion, in checking false sen timent, in unmasking social BhamB,and in guiding the common weal of the nation. Mr. Harcus felt the truth of this, and obeying his cause, devoted himself to this modern mode of uttering the convictions that stirred within him. He did his duty wisely and well. He preached with his pen against all that he deemed hostile to the political and social progress of the colony. He feared no foe in the discharge of his duty, and in the consciousness of doing what he deemed right, felt, as I personally know, the burden of his <m)Kng as a sacred thing. lam not here to defend or to call in question the course which he pursued in politics, but I do wish to utter my protest against the idea that because a man is called of God to the ministry of the gospel, that therefore he is to cease to feel, to speak, and to act in the grand drama, of the nation's work; because a man is a minister, is he any the less a man, a citizen ? I do not argue for the creation of a race of ' political clergymen,' for unless under peculiar circumstances one called to the holy duties of the pastorate feels that that work is enough for any man's heart and brain and energy; but I do think that in questions of public morality, in all political struggles, in which the ethical parity of the . nation's cause is involved, that the preacher of the gospel has no right to be silent. Because he 18 a student of the Bible, because he is a man of prayer, because be is fired with a holy ardor of Christian patriotism, he is called to exercise as wide an influence as he can command. Like the prophets of olden time, he must take up the burdens of the land, and' bear thembravaly. The most fervent piety is the parent of the purest patriotism, as all history will prove. It was the love of God that inspired the political oration? of Isaiah and Jeremiah, as it was the B ame lore iv tue days of our boyhood that banded together 700 ministers to worlc a repeal of the iniquitous corn laws of England. But it is rather the fact that he that was so recently among us, bearing the burden and heat of the day, is suddenly called away, that impresses us all above any other thought that enchains us to-day. He isgone, that is enough—gone to his Maker, bis Saviour, his Friend, and his Judge. In tie grave at Clayton we leave his ashes, and of his spirit we say "God accept him—Christ receive him." CHAI.HEB3 CHUBCS. At the commencement of the sermon in the evening, the Bey. Professor Davidson said he had i hoard from various quarters that some thing; like a funeral sermon on tbe death of Mr. Harcus, which was deeply lamented by many of those present, was expected from him. He, however, felt that were he to attempt anything of the kind, the task would be more than his spirits were equal to. He mentioned as singular that 10 weeks ago, when the one who was now departed occupied that pnfott, he took as a text tne first two verses of the chapter which now occurred in the regular course of their Sunday evening meditations. That was Mr. Harcus's subject in the morning, and in the evening his discourse was based on the words— "If a man die, shall he live again?"— Job xiv, 14. The Professor spoke of his admiration for Mr. Harcus as s preacher, and bis great re gard for him as a personal friend. The sermon which followed was on tha " Beam-rectum." ST. AKDBEW'B CHURCH. There was a large attendance of worshippers on Sunday morning. The Bey. J. Henderson selected as his text the words—" His eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated." —Deute- ronomy xrxiv., 7. In concluding his discourse the rev. gentleman said—These reflections have, in part, been suggested by the sudden removal !of one who for a long period held honorable relations to the social, political, and religious institutions of this city and province. The death of Mr. Harcus comes upon us with a more arresting power, not only from the cir cumstance that it was sudden, or that he has been called away in the midst of his usefulness, with his physical and mental powers in the full maturity of their strength; but that it seems to add one more to the many evidences we have recently had of a speciality of lesson—a directness of divine appeal W us as a community and people. Recall to mind the bereavements we have recently sustained. Have they not been of men holding prominent positions, and whose presence among us seemed almost indispensable to our well being and progress? Our leading men are being smitten. Men whose names and influence : seemed interwoven with all our interests are being removed. Tbe body-politic is being smitten where it is most sensitive, and so smitten that the remotest nerve pulsates to the stroke. Death selects the high places among us. Is it that he may have a wider range of spectators, and that his terrible work may be more fully observed and more deeply pondered ? Bnt if props and pillars thus fall, is it not that we may look to the foundations? If the streams are dried, is it not that we may approach the fountain ever fresh and ever full ? If in these things we hear impressively the voice, "Cease ye from man whose breath is in his nostrils," is it not that with reverence and docility of mind we receive the instructions of " Him who in kabiteth, eternity and its praises whose name is holy?" PSBSBTTHBIAN CBVDCB, FXDTOEBS- SrEKET." The Bey. James Lyall, in the morning, took as bis text —"For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.*—Romans, xiv., 17. He said during the discourse—" We should remember that our time is short, and that our opportunities for glorifying God in this way are being rapidly abridged. How impressively this consideration has been set before us of -late by the sudden removal of several prominent I citizens. Yesterday some of us assisted in showing the last tokens of respect to one ! held in high estimation, and who wielded a powerful influence in this community—one i who has, in the course of a few days, been laid prostrate by a fell disease. This is not the place to speak of his character, or to estimate tbe value of his work. Yet this I will i say, that for the highly creditable way in which the newspaper press is conducted, and for [the respectful manner in which it treats all moral and religious questions, 1 this community is greatly indebted to him and to bis' compeers in that department of literature. It is something for which we can not be too thankful to have a newspaper press ever ready to expose abuses and to defend the right; but the point to which I wish especially to allude is the lesson which his removal after such a short illness addresses to us all. Nine days ago he was engaged in his wonted avoca tion, and now he has been bud to rest among the clods of the valley. Brethren, the time is short. Let us do our work faithfully in the sight of God, working under the shadow of an ever-impending night. Let us endeavor more than ever to cultivate that practical godliness mentioned in the text." , | METHODIST XEW CONNRXION CHUECH. I The Bey. M. J. Birks at the evening service, said —" I shall ask Jthe members of the congre gation to depart for a few moments from the usual form of service. Before delivering the sermon prepared for this evening, I would call your attention to the great loss sustained by this city, in the death of Mr. W. Harcus, J.P. We . are constantly reminded of the ravages of death, ' and those filling positions of high responsibility and trust are called away, as well as those walk ing in humbler spheres of life. Unfortunately, for me, having only been in the colony for a short period, it was not my pleasure to be inti mately acquainted with Mr. Harcus. In fact I never spoke to him, but the mere seeing of him impressed me favorably. Ido not know that the death of a comparative stranger ever pro duced such an effect upon my mind. Ever since his death, my thoughts have frequently turned to the loss this city has been called to sustain, and I think it only fitting that we should pay a tribute of respect to one so highly esteemed, and justly esteemed. We think of the departed one as a man of moral worth as well as of intellectual ability. The Chris tian church has lost one of its pulpit ornaments, as the press has lost one of its trusted and trustworthy editors. His manly bearing, and his beaming, open, cheerful countenance will be sadly missed from our ranks. May God raise up many worthy successors! God buries His workmen, but carries on His work. The veil of inscrutable mystery often falls before us^ still we are confident that Hedoeth all things well. In these matters we cannot fathom the depth of the Divine proceedings, so that we must wait until a future state enlarges our vision and 'dispels our ignorance. The work of the de parted one on earth was finished, and he has gone to. reap his reward and to perfect his being in heaven." In conclusion, Mr. Birks asked all present to allow their sympathies to go out towards the bereaved family and to join him in prayer. • 