Our London Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] November 26, 1875. THE GREAT FLOODS AND THEIR RESULTS. THE long and heavy subscription lists in the London papers will give you some faint notion of the extent of the calamitous floods from which we have been recently suffering in different parts of the country. It Beemß curious (as is, indeed, admitted even by engineering authorities) that an old settled land like this, which, for so many centurieß has had the benefit of local govern ment, should have been left exposed to a form of destruction such as we only look for in portions of the earth but recently reclaimed from the hands of nature. Nevertheless, the fact remains, that in many parts of England there has been a destruction of property exceed ing that which, within living memory, has ever occurred before from a similar cause. On the Upper Thames, and especially on the southern side, hundreds of people have been washed out of their holdings. At Windsor, and Eton, and the surrounding neighborhood, the cellars and ground floors of all the lower lying tenement! have been deluged, and much distress ana disease have resulted. Nor has property still nearer the capital escaped. I took a walk last Sunday through Fulham Fields and the adjacent market gardens, and came upon a lamentable sight Although the flood in this suburb had considerably subsided, one vast sheet of water lay upon the entire landscape, admitting only of people picking their way along the more elevated yet cut-up and greatly damaged roadwayß, just emerged from the outspread lake. In some fields all the crops of vegetables were covered by from two to three feet of water, and in others, orchard trees in thousands looked as if trying to live (black and l«afless aa they were), in the midst of a deluge, the extent of which the eye failed to grasp. There can be no doubt that much of this wretched state of things is attributable to the new Thames embankment, be tween Blackfriars Bridge and the House* of Parliament. The area of the river on the northern bank is so much contracted by this otherwise noble work, that the escape of water on on ebb tide is disastrously impeded at periods when the tides are higher than usual. It is a new illustration of Horace's vigorous words, *'£k naturam exptUat furcd tamen tuque reeurref'- though you may cast out Nature with a pitch fork, she will nevertheless come back on you— and, as Nature made, in the long ages gone by, this river-bed for herself, she does not choose to be summarily ejected by a lot of pick and shovel men, led on even by eminent engineen. Public meetings and deputations to Boards of Work* have been the order of the day, and the best opinions now incline to giving the southern side of the river an embankment as well as the northern. But even this suggestion draws down protests from many even of the damaged parties. The wharfingers, who may be counted by hundreds along that bank, even as far as from Lambeth Palace to Putney Bridge, tremble at the impending disturbance to their business, and insist on being saved from these periodical deluges in some other way. They will insist on bricks without straw, and think that local Boards are equal to any task proposed to them. In the midst of the discussions, pro posals, and protests, a Job's comforter, in the shape of an astronomical correspondent of The Time*, strikes in with a prediction that, inasmuch as on the 15th of next month the moon will be nearer to the earth than she has been for many years, it will only require a westerly wind at the same time to bring upon ub a far worse inunda tion than any we have yet known. As nothing effectual can be done in the meanwhile, we most of course take what comes and make the best of it. BRXAKZBB AHXAD. Turning from our own to more distant and still graver troubles, things on the Continent have anything but a cheering aspect. Telegrams and letters of special correspondents from Eastern Europe may be uncertain and contra dictory, but there can be no mistaking the meaning of these daily Cabinet meetings of our own Government. Not for a light cause could all our Ministers be kept together in town, in this season, when innumerable foxhounds are pursuing their ignoble quarry in all parts of the country, and pheasants and partridges are being brought to bag in almost every field within fifty miles of London. The Herzegovina business is looking graver every day. As to putting the . insurrection down, people have ceased to talk about that as even a possible result; so, after much indecision, The Time* has token up the parable, that the duty devolves upon Austria to be " the man in possession." Turkey is frankly discussed as a Power past praying for, and The Time* is quite reconciled to any thing which may happen to her, as we have, with the Suez Canal, and other advantages, a road to India, which was not at our command in 1853. Just, however, as the Powers were becoming very plainly responsive to this frank line of discussion, The Pall Mail Oazette—va. authority on our foreign relations—started a difficulty. "If any foreign Power," it argued, "proceeded to take possession of any part of Turkißh territory, the Sultan could, and almost certainly would, raise the ghost of the Eastern question upon us, with an effect which would astonish us." We were reminded that Mr. Dis raeli had once truly said " that England was a great Mahometan Power," and we were cautioned that, if once a religious war broke out in the East, no human prescience could set any limits to the possible results. We were bade to remem ber how the fanatic Moslem had fought, and would on fit occasion fight again for his faith, and that in the far East, Christians amongst Mahometans were merely as units to thousands. In short, this Bite Noir of Europe, the Sultan, is described as a sort of fellow who is quite pre pared to set hia house on fire rather than Bee a baili<f in it, and there can be no doubt that great nuisance as is this Sublime Porte, it is a nuisance which it is as dangerous as deßirable to attempt to Buppreea. And when The Titnts, and those who adopt its viewß, count so confidently on the Suez Canal, they count on a roadway to the East, as if it was as indestructible as the road via the Cape. Anyone who has ever (as I have) passed through this canal, must know that the great work which it took so many yean to com plete, oould be made impassable in a few hours. And we all know to what extremities people will go wheH engaged in a war, the object of which is, by, means often as foul as fair, to do the enemy as much harm as possible in everyway. Such, then, v the uncertain position of this question. Mr. John Lemoinne, in the Journal det Debati, denounces the supposed British policy on the question, probably jealous of the apparent grow ing accord between our Government and those of the great Northern Powera. Meanwhile, ■ome six thousand Montenegrins are in the field, •a important action—possibly a decisive one—is impending, and therefore there cannot be a doubt that the Eastern question is the one which almost entirely engrosses the attention of our Government in those daily meetings which «c recorded in the morning journals. THE LIBERAL LEADERS AND THEIR POLICY. Only from extra-Parliamentary utterances can we get, during a recess, any inkling of the views of party. Mr. Forster, M.P., an influential member of the kite Government, and the Mar quis of Hartington, the elected leader of Her Majesty's Opposition, have made some important and interesting speeches within the last fort night Mr. Foreter delivered at Edinburgh a very long and elaborately-written lecture on the relations of the mother-country to her colonies, In which he very enthusiastically advocated the confederation of the colonies with Great Britain, •nd strongly deprecated separation, but admitted that he was not ready with any proposition, which course he thought would be premature. He denounced the meanness of those who would dissolve the tie on account of the cost, trifling as it in fact was, and he thereby drew down upon himself the wrath of The Titna, which has more than once advocated precisely opposite views. The Timet most inappropriately accused him of vaporing—for, whatever else might be urged against his lecture, it was not open to such a charge as that. In a subsequent speech to his constituents, he seemed to be striving at re covering his lost ground with the dissenting portion of the Liberal party, and he very plainly expressed his opinion that although we must go to war again, if we could not avoid it, we bad parted with quite as many millions on behalf of Turkey as anyone in reason could justify. He knew he was on safe ground here, •nd could speak out. He is not a " peace at •ny price" man, nor is he for wasting more money on the impracticable Turk. As to Lord Hartington, nothing but good can be reported of him. There can be no doubt that, in some circumstances, it is unfortunate to be the son of a Duke. Such a man, many people think, is only a Duke's son, and that his rank constitutes all his pretensions to states manship. No such judgment would be a fair one in this case. As a leader of Opposition, he has surpassed all expectation. He has displayed both in and out of Parliament a tact, temper, and an acutenesß and grasp of mind, no one had given him credit for. Of course he is not like •ome of his former colleagues, hungry after office, and therefore his counsel as to waiting, and candidly dealing with the Disraeli Govern ment, is not very enthusiastically relished by men whose bank balances are not fortified, or fortifiable by, or from, ducal revenues. THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT AND THE SUEZ CANAL. Since writing the above, we are all in amaze ment at a piece of news which appears in this morning's papers. The Government have bought out the Khedive from the Suez CanaL Here is the pithy bit:— " The following ia a copy of a telegram re ceived by the Bank of Egypt from their head office at Alexandria :— "'Egyptian Government sold to English Government Suez Canal shares for £4,000,000 sterling. Minister is authorised to draw this •mount on Rothschild at sight.' " The following may be stated to be the effect of this transaction:—The Khedive having offered to sell to Her Majesty's Government the shares which he holds in the Suez Canal for the sum of four millions sterling, the Government have accepted the offer, subject to the approval of Parliament. The Khedive is the holder of about 177,000 shares out of the 400,000 into which the capital of the company is divided." The above is, of course, portion of the out come of the Herzegovina difficulty. You remem ber my recent reference to The Pall Mall Gazette article, " Egypt for the English." This ie the first asset of the Khedive's which has passed into our hands. It is probably not the last. Mr. John Lemoinne will become more furious than ever at our Eastern policy. We shall be more a nation of shopkeepers than ever, in allowing Frenchmen to make Suez Canals (doing all we can to prevent them), in order that when mado (in spite of us) we should buy them. Ido not know whether any of our Ministers have ever gone through this canal. If ■o, it surely must have occurred to them how easily a hundred piok and shovel men in a few weekß could destroy the work of years for all practical purposes. And what will infuriated enemieß stick at in time of war? Railroads have been destroyed for strategic purposes, why not canals, especially canals which are high roads to India ? "THE VICTORIAN LADIES' BERICCLTURAL COMPANY (Limited)." Coming to matters nearer home—our Australian home—Mrs. Bladen Neill is prosecuting her aericultural hobby in London with an energy and vigor which you must Buffer under to be able adequately to appreciate. Having done Italy to her entire satisfaction, she is now whipping up recruits among English manufac turers, aud it is a stand and deliver business, this putting off of her shares in " Tho Victorian Ladies' Scricultural Company (Limitud)." Be lievers and unbelievers aliko fall victims to this lady's enthusiasm. Many sober, calculating men of business, who anticipate that she will be beaten by the high wages of Australia, are yet glad to escape at the trifling cost of £10 for a share. But to expect a dividend would be to exceed the credulity of it Turkish bondholder. Nevertheless, it is impossible not to feel some uympatiy and admiration for her disinterested and Belf-impouud labors. She no overwhelms you with grain, and cocoons, and floos, and Signior Ferrari, and reeling machines, and worms, and mulberry leaves, and manufacturers, and educators, that in a merely imbecile state you produce your purse, and faintly make the best terms you can to regain your liberty. The old man of the mountain seems to be her model man of business, and the Ancient Mariner was short and epigrammatic compared with her when she has fairly got you within four walls. So for from becoming weary of her work, it seems to refresh her, and make her more dread fully irresistible. Vint acquirit eundo. Sir George Bowen started her upon her cometary career with the following :—" To Her Majesty's Consul, &a;, &c.;—l have great pleasure in requesting the kind attention of Her Majesty's Consuls to Mrs. Bladen Neill, in any Continental city that she may visit. Mrs. Neill has a world-wide fame (go it, Sir George t) as a successful serioulturiat, and her efforts to introduce the silkworm into Australia, and to create a-new and valuable industry in this country, are beyond all praise. (Hear, hear.) I cannot speak too highly of them (renewed cheers), and I feel assured that Her Majesty's consuls will procure for Mrs. Neill any informa tion that may be in their power.—G. F. Bowen, Governor of Victoria." But, as if the above were not sufficient, that squire of dames, Sir George Verdon, the President of the Ladies' Company, limited, has also armed Mrs. Neill with hia testimony to all and sundry, so that wherever she goes she is backed up by a brace of knights, who have incurred a grave responsi bility for letting loose this benevolent and un compromising share vendor on a world which has share troubles enough to deal with already. 81 VIS PACEM PARA BEIXUM. In these days of constantly changing arma ments Bmall improvements attract but little attention. But there is one experiment in the shape of gunnery which, a few days back, seemed to astonish—as well it might—even those most familiar with these matters. You have of course heard of the 80-ton gun. I had the honor some weeks back of being invited to Woolwioh to see this prodigious thing pass from a molten to a solid shape. General Adye most courteously explained that and many other ex traordinary works to a numerous company. The next thing I heard about it was that its capabi lities were to be tested. This took place a few days back, when it forced a shot of 12601b5. weight fifty feet into a sand-bank, which had been erected for the purpose. It is said that it will send a shot some four or five miles, and therefore, a few such visitors would go far to reduce any town into a heap of ruins. We do not seem to be approaching rapidly to that stage of manufactures which is to turn the sword into a ploughshare and the spear into a reaping-hook. A larger amount «f human in telligence is at present engaged in devising the best means of destroying humanity than has ever been employed in similar studies since the crea tion of the world. And all this is going on whilst Mr. Parker is boring us, day after day, with the disputed topic of "interchange of pulpits." THE FOOT AND MOUTH DISEASE. I regret to say that the foot and mouth disease is raging in different parts of England. Very much of the imported stock is found to be affected, and meetings are taking place all over the country to devise the most effectual means of dealing with a difficulty which comes home to the business, and kitchens, and stomachs of so many millions of people. To stop importation altogether is not possible in a community of twenty-seven millions of people, so large a portion of whom are dependent on foreign supply. "right royally done." The last news from India about the Prince of Wales is that he has stuck a pig and knighted a policeman. There were a thousand " beaten " or the pigsticking. The Star - Spangled Banner. — Sergeant Bates, whose walk through this country with the American flag on his shoulders moved the nation to tears of sympathy, is, according to a Canadian paper, now bent upon "making 10,000 Canadian hearts beat responsive to the symbol of American goodwill." Unfortunately the Canadians are sadly deficient in sentiment, and do not take kindly to Sergeant Bates or his banner. He seems to have prudently made a preliminary march without the flag with a view of ascertain ing the reception he was likely to meet with. At one town—Chatham—a deputation waited on him and strongly recommended him not to attempt to bring his flag there unless he wished it to be torn' in pieces and his own departure from the district unpleasantly facilitated by rearward pressure. Undor these circumstances the sergeant decided to leave the town of Chatham out of his programme. It is really «ad to see that the English stand almost alone in their appreciation of efforts to promote inter national aniity. Rotten Eggs and Disestablishment. — A lecture was announced to be given in Liverpool on November 18, by the Rev. W. Bimiß, in con nection with the Disestablishment movement. No sooner did the lecturer commence than it was at once apparent that the friends of the Established Church had mustered in strong force. The hostile criticisms by the lecturer on the Church were replied to by fierce yells and ironical cheering. At length rotten eggs were used, and a shower of them fell upon the platform, some hitting the reporters, and others the leading supporters of the meeting, the pro ceedings terminating amidst wild disorder. Military Preparations in Russia.—ln ac cordance with special orders received at St. Petersburg from Livadia, three divisions of troops stationed in the military district of St. Petersburg are to be placed in readiness for sei vice. They consist of the 24th division of in fantry, under the command of Lieutonant- General Prince Barklai de Tolli Weimaru, and the 2nd division of grenadiers, under the com mand of Lieutenant-General yon Zimmermann. Besides these, the 40th division of infantry is rumored to have received the same instructions. All the troops stationed in the south of Russia are said to be in readiness for active service. It may bo as well to add that intelligence received at Berlin from St. Petersburg emphatically de nies that tho Russian military movements are connected with any preparations of a warlike character. 