THE NOVELIST. THEtDAY OF MY DEATH. (, ( lhAas .araoeor, " a5ot, Asas.") ( Coaoaaed.) That night, when Misse Fellows had I ' ret red,-"-he never " went to bed " t iltsplt Eglylishl like' other people, I stole softly out in my stockings and a screwed a little brass button outside of a her doer.: I bid umde: a gimslet:ole i -for. it in the# morning when our guest was out shopping; it fitted iqto place without noise. Without noise I turned it, and went back to my own room. " You suspect her, then?' said Alison. ' One is always justifled in suspect- 1 l:eg Spiyitualistic medium." "I don't know about that,' Allis adid deeidedly:' "It may have been mice that I heard last night, or the wind in a bottle, or any of the other I proper and natural causes that explain h awq the ghost stories in the children's c pp '-but it was not Gertrude. Women know something about one I another, my dear; and I tell you it wns not Gertrude." ' "I don't assert that it was; but with the bolt on Gertrude's door, the I cat in the kitchen, and the rat-trap on hb~i t1iftairss, I mnn'strongly inaclined I to antciIpteo. peaceful slight. I will I watch rbtd' 'Wile, however, and you a cas'go to sleep." - She sent to sleep, and I watched. la till h'alfpist eleven with my eyes i staring at the dark, wide awake and t undisturbed and triumphant. At half-lpast eleven I 'must confess t that I heard a singular sound.. Something whistled at the key.holo. . IIt could not have been the wind, by ;the way, for. thlrta was no wind that lnight. 8ometling else than tho wind whistled in at the keyhole, sighed I throueh into the room as much like at Iorn.c-rwn breath as anything, and e''ith a slight clink upon the floor. 1 I.,lghted.aoy candle and got up. I I searched the floor of the room, and opened the duor and oearched the entry. Nothing was visibleor audible, c end I went back' to bud. For about , teq minutes I heard no further disturb. Sdsaial.wad I coicaluding myself to be in some undefined manner the victim of. my otn, ltmaginatton; 'lwhen there suddenly fell upon the head-beard of my hbed a blow so distinct and loud ?hat I Involuntarily sprang. at the sound of it. It wakened Alison, and I had the satisfiotit6n'6f h?eting her sleepily Inquire if I'llad- caught' that rat yet? By way of reply I relighted the candle, tadl-gaeihe bed a shove which sent It rolling half across the room. I ex smined the walls I examined the floor; . examined the head-board; I made "Allson get up, so that I couhl shake maeattress. Meantime the pounding *?ia recommenced, in rapid, irregular -lows,, ilike the blows of a' mnan' lst. 'the room i adjoining ours'S wasý the n rsty. fI' went-in with my light. It fai emstjr y and sildnt." Bridget, w~týaTil iiand the baby, blept-onhndly In'tIb- large hamber across the hall. ' "WkIte I was aseahrliab the room''my, •wil.ecalle4 loudly,.-e -. ;I ra q '.r on.the mantel 'iow," she, said. SlI? u'utik ti?''mantel just after you 1;t'cn~he ciilien3hred tinmes, arei fittlhl a tle " iti mantel agaln,---dont I iseard dislinctly;- mreover,' the ' aioatetlshook'a little'withl thea concus. slok: '1 took but the fire-board miad I lookeddown the furnacepipo;I ran. I ssqkeo the ugartt sa?d the haIllsI finally, ' I][elrmiedr Mice?Felldw's' ,dodr,?-.t ia"4.lIoked as I hlad'left it, atpbna tile 'outside; and that looked doort'was the nly) iteans of'egrbsa' fr6id the' r0oomn tiaaets the occupiant fanoeld that of jiigji-ig' froria two-story window upon hadmelight of stone steps. I came thoughtfully back across the hatllhana.vidlblI trip.hammor appeared to hit the floor, ,,,!d me r4a oevery step : I attempted to step aside from \- it, but it followed me, pounding into my room. "Wind?" suggested Allis. "Plaster cracking? Fancies? Dreams? Blind headaches?-I should like to know which you have decided upon?" Quiet fell upon 'the liouse after that for an hour, and I was dropping into A my first nap, when there came a light tap upon the door. Before I could reach it, it had grown into a thunder. v ing blow. . " Whatever it is, I'll have it nowl" I whispered, turned the' latch without noise, and flung the door wide into the I hall. It was silent, dark,'and cold. A little glimmer'of mdonlight fell in and Sashowed me the figures upon the carpeot, I outlined in a frosty bar. No hand or hammor, human or superlumntn, was I there.' Determined to investigate matters a a little more thoroughly, I asked my t wife to stand' upon the inside of the i doorway while I kept whtch'upon the outside. We took oir piosition, and 'I closed the door between us. Instantly I a series of furious blows struck the i door; the sound was such as would be c made by a stick of oaken wood. The r solid door quivered underit. "It'd on your side!" said I. 1 No, it's on yours!" said she. g . "You're pounding yourself to fuool me,' cried I. a S"You're pounding yourself to a frighten me," sobbed she. ii And we nearly had a rqunrrel? The in sound'-ontinued with more or less g intermission till daybreak. Allis fell asleep, but I spent the time In appro. t1 priate reflectlions. o Early in the morning I removed the at button from Miss Fellow's door. She cl never knew anything about it. ." aI I believe, howeve', that 1 lhad the as fairness to exculpate her in my secret heart from any trickish connection v with the disturbances of that nighl;-, g "Just keep quiet about this little vi affair," I said to my wife; " we shall at come across an explanation in time, wi and may never have any more of it." We kept quiet, and for five days so I did "the spirits," as Miss Fellows was el pleased to pronounce the trip-hummers. ' The fifth day I came home early, 'as I it chanced. fiom the office. Miss 'eallows" was wi'tnig lotiers in ls i parlour. Allis, up-stairs, was sorting and putting away the weekly wash. I came into the room and sat down by u the register, to watch lher. I always liked to watch her sitting there on the floor with the little heaps of linen and cc cotton attiff piled like blocks of snow rt about her, and hlot. pink hands darting m in anid out of the uncertain sleeves'thilt were just ready to give way in the ci gathers, trying the stockings' heels hriskly,iand testing the buttons with a sn little jerk. hi She laid aside some under-clothing ti liresently from the rest, "It will not ti be needed again this winter," she ob- hb served, " and haid'better'go into the te cedar closet." The garments, by the " way, were marked land numllbered inll inidelible ink. I heard her isn over i( the figurces in i busy, housekeeper's " undeitone, before carrying them into tr the closet. She locked the closet door, it I think, for I remember the click of the G key. If I remember accurately, I stepped into the hall after that to light . a cigar, and Alison flitted 'to and fro ,s with her clothes,'dropping the baby's tl little white stockings every stop or an two, and anathlenatising them daintily w -within orthodox bounds, of course. , In about five minutes she called "me; her voice was sharp and alarmed. t "Come quick! O Fred, look here! el All those clothes that I locked into the w cedar closet are out here on the bedl" In "My dear wife," I blandly observed, as I sauntered into the room, "too al much of Gertrude Fellows, hath made w thes mad. Let me see the clothesl" She pointed to thebed. Somte white fc clothing lay upon it, folded in an ugly N way, to represent a corpse, with crossed hands. ' ,Is it meant for . joke, Alison? W You did it yourself, I supposel" at "Fred! I have not touched it with the tipt of my little finger!" "Gertrude, then?" " Gertrude Is in the parlour writing." st So sihe was. I called up." She S looked surprised and troubled. w " It must have been Bridget," I pro- aI oeeded, authoritatively, "or Tip." I "Bridget is out walking with Tip tc and the baby.' Jane is in the kitchen am making pies." ti . "At. any rate, these are not the ii clothes 'which you, locked' into 'the a eloset, however they dame hero." m "The very same; Fred..See, Ik ndtided' th' numbers;" 6 upon the e itoekijsi; 2 on the hightasaps, and"- -' "" v:;te inmthe key,? [In rupted. ' -She' gave me t!e :kdy;' I wedt to 3ie. toeitr ckoeot, and' tried the door. (t",wasl:oeked. ; I unlocs l It, and ai opmnqd:tho drawer in whlPn my wife o sesured me. that the clothes had lain.. Nbbllig wains to be seen In it but tihe linen towel whlichl neatly' covered tile t bottom. ,Ilifited it and shook it. Tile draiwer was empty. I " Give' me those clothes, if you t She brought them to mo. I made in my dinary a careful menmor'nndum of their nnnling sanid numosberlg; pinced the artulaes nmyself In thie drihwavr,-an ipper drawer, so that thlere coull be I no mistake in lloentifying it; locked thel drawer,, put the koy in sny pocket; locked the, door of the room In whichua & the closet was, and put that key in my pocket. We sat down then in the hall, all of r us; Allis and Gertrude to fill the 1 mending-basket, I to smoke anti con r sider. I caw Tip-coming home with his nurse presently, and started to go L down and let him in, when a faint t scream from my wife arrested me. I I ran past Miss Fellows, who was sitting I on the stairs, and into my room. Allis, going in to put away Tip's little plaid aprons, had stopped, rather pale,. upon the threshold. Upon the bed lay E some clothing, folded as before, in t rude, hideous imitation of the dead. I took each article in turn, and com. I pared the name and 'number with the names and numbers in my diary. They were identical throughout. I I took the clothes, took the three keys from my pocket, unlocked the "cedar room" door, unlocked the closet door, unlocked the upper drawer, and looked in. The drawer was empty. To say that from this time I failed to own-to myself, if- not to -other people-that some mysterious influence, inexplicable by common- or sbientific causes, was at work itt my. housee, would be to accuse' myself of more obstinacy titan even I; am capable of. 1 propounded theory after theory, and gave it up. I arrived at conclusion upon conclusion, and throw them aside. Finally, I held my peace, ceased to talk of " rats," kept my mind in a state of passive vacancy, and narrowly and quietly watched the pro gress of affairs. From the date of that escapade with the underclothes confusion reigned in our cornemr of Nemo's Avenue. Tlhat night neither my wife nor myself closed an eye, the house so resounded and re- echoed with the blows of un seen hammers, fists, logs, and knuckles. Miss Fellows, too, was pale with her vigils, looked troubled, aud proposed going home. This I peremptorily vetoed, determined if the woman had, any connection, honest or otherwise, with the mystery, to ferret it out. The following day, just after dinner I was writing in the library, when a child's cry of fright and pain startled me. It seemed to come from the little yard behind the house, and I hurried thither to behold a singular the yard,-an old, stunted,- crooked thing; and in that tree I found my son and heir, Tip, tied fast with a small stout rope. "Tied" does not express i it; he was gagged, manacled, twisted, contorted, wound about, crosseed and recrossed, held "without a chanice 'of. motion, scarcely of breath. "You never tied yourself up here, I child?" I asked, as I cut tihe knots. The question certainly was unneces. eary. No juggler could have bound himself in such 'a' fashion;' scarcely, then, a four- years' child. - To my con-. tinued, clear, antd gentle inquiries, the boy replied, persistently and" consis. tently, that nobody tied him there, "not: Cousin Gertrude, nor Bridget,' nor the baby, nor mamma, nor Jane, I tior pupn, nor tlie black kitty;" he'wais t "just tooken up ail at once into the tree, and that was nll there Was habout it." Hoe "s'posed it must have been r God or something like that, did it." Poor Tip 'had a' hard tinie of it. I Two days after that, while his mother and I sat discussing the incident, and the child was at play upon the floor, heo suddenly throw hin'self at'full'length, writhing with pain, amnd bogging to "have them pulled out quick!" " IIave what pulled out?" exelaimcd the terrified mother. She took the child into her lap, amnd found that hie was stuck over fronom head to foot with large white pins. " We haven't so many large pies in t all thie house," she said as soon as he I wias relieved. As sithe spoke the words thirty or forty 'small pins pierced the boy. Where they came from no one could see. How they came there no one knew. We looked, -and--there-- they were, and Tip was crying and writhing as before. (To be continued.) It was a very embatmrrssirig cireuin stance, ansd it happened at the hotel in Salt Lake City. A man and his wife were stopping there. 'The main was subject to severe nttaks of colic, and was taken sick there in the night. Ite tohl his wife that he- must have Im mediate relief.or he could not live; he thought'a' mustaurd' phimstor 'wotild re Ilove him. iShe hastily robed, herself and went down stairs, and spread tirhe mustard from the castor on' her Iand. kerchief, and Ihastened up stairs. Fliiiig- tits bedroom: door'.tjar, she t rushed in, turned down the bed clotheo, and'elil pd 'thb prepirh'tiomi oh 'tie mun conelous man's bowels. lie instantly sprang l'ip in tih bed' d' a strailge voice. said ." My' Godlu ,iadam, iwham are you doing?" She hadl got on the wrong man. - We leave tim. readeor to imagine her feelings. She found her own room, nndm in accents of horror told iher hIusband of the facts. The extreme ludicrousness of thie inlcident sent him ilto a strong fit of mlaughter' tiat rolilvtd him as'thoroUghly as-tho musta'd woud l have dolne. Very ealy tliod 'noxttimot'ntlog befte' manmy ofr thle guests wore mlp, a minim, womnl, trinmk, hantd-boxhus, &., mtight hav' Ublion'adcn loeaving thie Ihotel; for the woman's name wals on thie Ihanlkerchif.if' "havs you heard my lumt song?' asked a inallO te acher of a grull critic. n'I hops so," wasi(he reply., - . 