THE FAKIR OF OOLU. The bill of fare on Monday, Eecemberll, was varied, but as full of the marvellous as ever. The audience made a good show in the stalls, pit, and gallery, and a moderate appearance in the dress circle, but the appreciation of the amusements presented was pretty well the same all over the house. The curtain roBe upon an original comedietta oalledthe "PinkDomino," in which Mr. and Mrs. T. Empson performed so effectually as to secure the interest of the audience. The piece turns upon the "greeneyed monster, jealousy," whose ugly unsubstantial form invades the domestic health of a young couple, and causeB a variation in the billing and cooing, but, as a matter of course, the mysterious substratum of faith in the male sex which unaccountably seems to underlie woman's easily aroused doubts oomes to the surface, and all ends happily to quick music. The wife gets suspicious of her husband's attendance | at a masquerade ball, and goes in a pink domino, under the disguise of which she receives the caressings of her husband, whom she upbraids when he comes home innocent of the deception, but finally yields, as woman will, to flattery and tenderness, with a little plausible story-telling thrown in. The piece has two or three adaptations of popular songs, which makes it more lively, and it passed off successfully. The Fakir of Oolu, in his gorgeous eastern dress, introduced the Aerialist's Dream," which appeared to be a very comfortable one, judging from the graceful and easy postures the "entranced lady" was thrown into at his bidding. The bills informed the audience that the Fakir would cause the young lady, by the use of a fan, to rise into a horizontal position and at his will to follow him, " making a complete circle of the stage," which she proceeded to do, revolving slowly round the slender uprieht upon which her elbow rested. Dr. Peel, at the request of the audience, went upon the stage, and having walked round the lady stated he could see no suspending wires, which announcement was received with applause. The beautifully-painted spectacular panorama," The voyage of the Serapis," formed no insignificant item in the entertainment, and Miss Daisy Silvester's delineations of " model men" which followed proved very amusing. The vocal part of the programme was supplied by Madame Silvester, who sang the "Shadow Song" with effect, and Mr. and Mrs. Empson, who gave several comic songs. Mrs. Empson's singing was particularly good, and she richly deserved the applause she received. One comic sorg by Mr. Empson appeared to have been localized under the mistaken idea that broad personalities are witty, and consequently it was in bad taste, besides being intensely stupid, which was, however, no fault of Mr. Empson's, but that of the person whe spoilt what might have been a witty thine. " Lost in the Forest," a ghost drametta, written expressly for Dr. Silvester, in which was introduced a succession of ghostly figures, very cleverly produced, was very well carried out until the finale came, and that was not so well done. The principal character was a certain Reginal Ramsbottom, a kind of rural Dundreary, who, beiog lost in a forest, becomes the sporttf the goblins of the glen, who played pranks, winch mystified the spectators as much as they were supposed to puzzle their trembling victim. The gruntyhumorous talking lion Leo,WHO appeared earlier in the evening, was very diverting, and raised a ready laugh every time he propounded his ridiculous riddles. The beautiful fountain was displayed at the end of the entertainment with all its brilliancy, and fairly brought the house down. The same programme is .announced for this evening. APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS OF COUNCIL OF EDUCATION.—Mr. Barlow, B.A., and Dr. Campbell again took their seats at yesterday's meeting of the Council of Education, having received their oomutisdons from the Minister of Education since the last meeting of the Council. 