string of Hems. The English "Matt, will close at Ham ilton at 8 o'clock tbia evening, and Onr Letter Home wiU be found in another oolomo, Hamilton County Court will open this morning before His Honor Jndge Skinner, and foe General Sessions will be beld on Mondey. A list of esses, both civil and criminal, has already been published. Extinction of Scab. — Our telegrams meoriou that at laat the official notification has been issued declaring the colony of Victoria to be clear of scab. Tbia is a step that should have been taken long ago, and there can be no doobt that the weekly publication of three or fonr pages of quarantine regula tions in the Government Gazette, at a time when the disease was non-existent in onr Hocks, contributed greatly towards the recent renewal by the Sydney Government of the ; prohibition against Victorian eheep entering i Dew South Wales. It ie reported that tbe Chief Secretary has communicated with tbe New South Wales Government, with the view of Arranging that sheep may be per mitted to cross tbe border under the same regulations that eheep arc allowed to land in Sydney by sea. This arrangement, if made, will laat until the end of the year, and if no fresh outbreak occurs an agreement can then be come to to allow sheep to pass from one colony to the other without hindrance. Tbe eameline of action should be adopted with reference to South Australia, and if the Government have not already opened a cor respondence with Adelaide on the subject, it is to be hoped they will do so immediately. The Argus states that the desirability of re ducing the number of inspectors of ecab is under consideration by the Cabinet. Disinfecting Clothes. — We recom mend to the doctors the following method of disinfecting their do thee on leaving a sick room, sb enjoined by the Central Board of Health: — "Articles which will not be thereby injured should be passed through boiling water. Other articles should be subjected to a dry heat of at least 250 degrees. This can be done by wrapping them in paper, placing them in a heated oven, and keeping them there until the paper is well charred. Clothing can also be disinfected by sulphur fumigation ; and it is deairahlo therefore that where practicable in any house in which scarlet fever exists, some email room or closet be kept filled with tbe fames of burning nulphar, in whioh to disin fect the clothes of any person who may casually, or for however abort a period, come in contact with foe patient." If they cannot .take off their apparel and wait until the clothing in baked or boiled, the doctors should at least carry about with them a portable snlpbnr closet. Of coarse we know they will laugh at this, bat if all non-pro fessional persons are required to take these precautions, nnder a penalty of £20, it seems unreasonable that medical men, visiting dozens of scarlatina oases daily, and going from house to house to see their other patients, should be subjected to no regula tions whatsoever. Church op England.— We have re ceived some correspondence commenting on the result of the two meetings of the congre- gatiou recently held jn the Town Hall, but it is rather too personal for ppblipatron. The intended additjon of two new truBteps to foe three already existicg, is certainly a very lame and impotent conclusion when the con gregation were expecting the new church to be half built by this time. As a building committee of twenty, elected on the advice of Archdeacon Stretch, had gone 60 far aa to accept a tender, and had cheerfully made themselves liable for abont £4500, it. is a pity the discovery should be made that their appointment was irregular, although they may coograiulate themselves that foe acci dent of foe contractor forfeiting hjs deposit enabled them gracefully to retire from the position by remitting foe yhole business back to tiie congregation. . Another nnplea- sant development was that foe tfiuteea, yho until foe appointment i rf guardians or church wardens, are alone empowered to receive and expend all moneys subscribed towards tho bnilding, should in their torn be pot hon de combat by tbe fact that there is no regular lncombent " appointed — the Incumbent bring required to preside at all meetings of foe trustees, sod to exercise his vote. We are ippliged to fear that foe trustees, even when foeir number is in Dressed to five, and when they faafo au'ioeuihbent' to iiit with them, will be a loDg time before foey can' get matters advanced to the same 'stage as foey were on foe acceptance of Mr. Barker's ten der, and aa for the £1000 in promised sob: scriptiona obtained by foe bnilding com mictet, that amtfont can po' longer be reckoned on, bb it wte contributed pp Win pVatindteg that the building committee's plan tooold bd carried ont, and that the subscribers through the aforesaid committee should have a voice in foe expenditure. Possibly if foe budding committee had only been denominated ' guardians " or " chnrch wardens, " their asm would haye beep legri, and probably if a clergyman' temporarily filfifag. tin inenm- befat's place, conld preside alt foe mtetingB-flf the trustees, foe aforesaid tnuftees wdnldnot he obliged to suspend foe transaction of 'all burin ess. Bnt there js no one'Ao explain these complications of eccl.irisatical laWj and until BishbfiThorflten Rsn roajte jftmniimiieat to visit this portion of his diocese, things are : likely to remain pretty muoh aa they ore. It doesn't mnch signify now, whether the trustees give or withhohltbrir consent tothe pulling town of foe room for a new one ; and as_«or sue land, perhaps now foe .-ears' foe ground will realise better m to y ' time, which, consideringthe Pre?f "W nSrem reasonably be fixed for toe comme" of a proper Chnrch of EngUnd budding at The Matriculation ExAinNAnoira. -We learn by telegram font Adam Foray fo has passed the mid- winter matneuiatron ex .urination, and also foe tion, in six subjects. on passed foe civil service m five enbjwte. State these pupils were educated at Mr. Begg Hamilton Academy. No op from the Hamilton College it being Mr- Wall'a practice to patronise only the Dhnst mas examinations. Mb. W. Leonard.— The Ballarat cor respondent of foe Argue reports that Mr- W. Leonard, of foe Srm of Hepburn and Leonard, has mode up his mind to content Ripon and Hampden at foe next general election. Should Mr. T. Shaw, Jan., offer himself for that constituency, aa it m said he intends doing, foe effect will probably be to let in Mr. Longmore, foe stonewalier, whom both are aoxions to keep out Uamperdown Railway Deputation. —A numerous depntation, aocompanied by Messrs. Berry, Longmore, Garrett, John stone, and Baylea, M-L-A/s, watted upon foe Gommieaioner of Railways last Tuesday, to nrge foe extension of the line from Colac to Camperdown, it was stated that the line would only be twenty-eight miles in length, and conld be very cheaply constructed, as there were no engineering difficulties in tbe way. A very large tract of rich agricultural land lying between Camperdown aod the coast would be opened np for settlement, and the district generally very greatly benefited by foe construction of the line. The line wonld also develops sn immense traffic, as at present - it did not pay farmers to grow potatoes and other root crops —for whioh the lend was eminently suited— attoefoigh prices prevailing for carriiW" to . market The line id Colac conld not be expected to be remunerative if not extended ntillfarfoer, as it was hardly worth the trouble for distant woolgrowera to unload at Colac when within such a «.mparabvely short distance of the seaport. On foe other hand, with a railway to Cmnperdown, foe whole £f tbe traffic would bo secured, and other traffic attracted that now fonnd a different outlet. In addition to foe advantages already de- sorihed, it was urged that foe extension wonld form another link "in a grand trunk Hoe to foe Sonfo Australian border. The line had ilno it was stated, been sanctioned by the Legislative Assembly, and only rejected in Council by one vote. Mr. Jones, in replying, arid that bs was always glad to receive infor mation on foe subject of railway construc tion bat he could only make a selection, out of foe large number of railways asked for, of those lines which he thought wonld prove the beet paying. He oould not say as yet that any particular railway would be made. He had no donbt that foe line asked for wonld be made before long, bnt he could not aay nnder present ciroumatances whether it wonld be amongst those that would be earned ontimmediately. Thedeputation then thanked Mr. Jones and withdrew. The Habton Hills Ghost. — The silly follow who baa, during some months : pia canoed mnch alarm, and at least one serious accident for which he should be made amenable to justice, has at length been caught in foe not — fortunately, for him, before he was "peppered" with small shot, as he well deserved to be. It appears that Mr. C. F. Harding, a farmer, residing at Worrabkook. accompanied by one of his men named ; Flower, went out one night last week to look ; for the pretended apparition, sod fonnd him about two miles this side of Mr. Carmiohael's station. He was, aa usoal, attired in a white sheet, artificially raised some two feet above his head. Immediately upon seeing him, Flower flung himself down upon his knees, and prayed with unwonted fervonr to be saved ; hot Mr. Harding, perceiving a pair of colonial- made boots peeping ont from nnder the sheet, approached the figure, aud it in stantly fled. Mr. Harding gave chase, and after a brisk rnn, caught tbe nuisance, who turned ont to be a wood-splitter, named Robert Downie. Mr. Harding's earlier, aod better, impression was to duck the fellow in a dam close by ; bnt for some reason or other, be dide't do so. However, on his asking Downie why he had given so mnch uneasi ness to unoffending pereons, tbe latter replied that he was only larking, and that he in tended keeping it up until Borne one should I have the pluck to aecoat and catch him, as Mr. Harding had done. He then promised that he woold not again attempt a super natural rote, and waa let off, a little too cheaply, as most persons will incline to think. Mount Rouse Shire Council.— We understand that as several of foe Councillors will be absent from foe ordinary meeting on Wednesday next, it has been arranged that the business of foe meeting shall be postponed until foe following Saturday, the 17th inat., at the usnal hoar. Donation. — The Hon. Secretory desires to acknowledge a donation of £2 2s to the Hamilton Footfaril Club, from Sir Samuel Wilson, M.L.C. Government Auctioneering. — A notice appears elsewhere invitingtenders from licensed auctioneers willing to undertake the conduct of public land sales at Hamilton, Casterton, Portland, Belfast, Warrnambool, and other plaeea. Mr. Samuel Macgregor, we regret to learn, has lost his second son, William. The young man, who was only seventeen yesra of age, was learning the profession of a surveyor in Gipps Laud, where he caught a severe cold, followed by low fever, which car ried him off The Blashki Business.— The in quiry ioto the circumstances connected with the arrest of Mr. Blashki, tbe jeweller, by the Mount Rouse police, is to be held at Penahnrat next Monday. Dundas Shire Vacancy. — Monday next is the day for receiving Dominations to supply tbe vaoaucy caused by the retirement of Cr. Kirby from foe representation of tbe South Riding. Hamilton School Board.— Tuesday will be foe polling day for the election of five out of the seven candidates nominated to serve on tbe local board of advice connected with the State BchooL Coursing Club. — Owners of dogs are reminded that entries, with the names of dogs intended to contest jhe 4U-aRe<l Stakes at the oonrsing meeting next Wednesday, mast be lodged with the secretary by fonr p.m. on Monday. Temporary Hospital.— The Central Board of Health has been furnishing to .the local I bodies plans of temporary buildings Intended for the use of patients Buffering from con tagious diseases.. The idea is certainly a good one, and as the Hamilton Hospital is -receiving a handsome building grant this year, the Committee might do worse than spend a portion of it in foe way suggested. Medical — It has already been an nounced that Dr. Sweetnam has commenced practice ai' Hamilton! Dr. Robber went away by yesterdayls corah to' qifod up affaire con nected with his' business at Chiltern where his jvife smfi family reside, and heintende retqraing in abopt a 'fortnight to establish himself at Hamilton. Dr. Kieser, aa we anticipated, goes to Maoartbnr. Branxholmb Bank.— It is notified that an agency of the Colonial Bank in now open at Braoxholme. New Insolvents.— Schedule filed at Belfast : — J antes O'Neill, boot and shoemaker, Koroih Liabilities, £168 10s; assets, £5 ; defi riency, £163 16a Causes of insolvency : want of sufficient employment to enpport large family, 'and pressnre - of creditors.— Schedule filed » ' WarrtiiVubocli :— Andrew" £oga rty , ), k— )«-'l MnrLrin. Canaea of iuaolveocy : the failure of S. Macgregor ' . ""Ma oo aheep, and pressure of . —i. re. Liabilities, £2203 15s ; assets, £1122; deficiency, £1081 15s. A.B. Mackay, offikial' assignee. Meeting of creditors on Wednesday next, 14th June; at1 the Warr nambool Court-house. " The Heybsm Sheep-Dog Match. — I" the Melbourne correspondence of foe Standard the -subjoined is given : — "I eee- there has been a trial of sheep-dogs at Hex ham. a competition which ought -to be en couraged in 1 ocmntetioU with every agricul tural show ln'A'ehedp country like'foia.- 'The idea is, however;1 not "new, although foe custom has been allowed to fall into disuse. In connection with bneiuf throe trials of skill, heW J? ?1® Sydney rider many years ago, I have heard sjrifity frbjahis «o good that it onght not to che, ana which I here repeat. Upon the first of His two competitors being started' after a mob of aheep, he took the precaution of visiting the yard, poUinu out foe peg (hung to the post with a piece of raw ' bide) which fastened the gate, and which being withdrawn allowed it to swing oma He then went after the aheep, yarded then poshed the gate to by pressing sgainat it. and having dosed it, took the fastening-peg be. tween his teeth and pnahed it into the hols with aa mnch firmness aa tbe circumstance, permitted. When the turn of the other dos came he did everything the first dog hd done, bnt in addition, and to make sore that the peg should not come out, he used his head aa a hammer, and drove the p eg home. It is needless to say that alter tbia of Mgacity, be waa awarded tbe prize." Sale of Craig's Royal Hotel— This fine property at Ballarat has jost been sold, with the furniture, bnt exclusive of th. stock, to Mr. Fredk. Wilkloe, of the Clnh Hotel, Ballarat, for £9500, terms equal to cash. Probably this is not one-fourth of the original coat, but tbe transaction goee to show the present valne of property in the great rilnviri centre. Suspected Fenians.— The telegrams in onr laat mentioned that two paeaengera ar rived by the Sumatra, were supposed to be Fenian, agents from England, suspected of befog concerned in the recent escape of coo- victs from Western Australia. The report appears to be correct, for the detectives ob served two elderly determined-looking men in the second cabin, as soon as the eteamer arrived fo Hobson's Bay. Their paseporta from Western Australia being correct, there wai nothing to be done but to put them under surveillance. In another portion of tbe paper to-day we give an account, extracted from a West Australian paper, of the escape of pri. aonera conveyei away by the American whaler. Football — To-day tbe match for the Challenge Cop will be played between Hamil. ton and Casterton, in the Friendly Societies' Park. We understand thatJboth teams will turn out (fo their knickerboaercostume), and should the weather prove fioe, some good sport mqy be witoesaed. The following are . Edgar, Loogdeo, Lindsay, Ralston, Newiug. Robinson, Silvester, Smslpage, Turner- emergency — Brown, Mnrpby, Cueeen, and Tedrea. Casterton— Targett (captain), Car. michael,Cii8sent Chapman, Breotoo, Dennun, Harrison, King, Killeen, Laurence, Mack, Mappison, M'Keand, O'Reilly, and Spnrrell. The admission to tbe ground will be sixpence; and to the grand stand a similar amount. The kick-off will take place at two, and tbe game will be continued till five o'clock. Bree, Dickens and Co. desire ns to call attention to their sale this day, at one o'clock, of Mr. Donald Fraser's valuable farm of 200 acres. It is well known aa among the best grazmg-land to be found in the district, and to those requiring a good paddock near the town, offers an opportunity of purchase not often met with. Also, upon Tuesday, the 13th inst., they will sell, at the reeidence of Mr. Albert Riley, Bochara, his valuable stock of well-bred cows and heifers, a oele- b rated pure Dorham bull by Comet, and several good saddle and harness hones, to gether with the.entire of his household furei Sure. On Thursday, 15th inst., at Glen Thomson, 533 acrro of land, iu the agricultu ral area at Mount Aepinall, well and securely fenced, and abundantly watered ; store oettte, aheep, kc. Hamilton Hospital— The following subscriptions were received daring tbe month of May : — Sanation — Sir George Bowen, £5 ; Chaa. Fllven, £1 is ; C. A. Macau, £1 le ; Mm. Smith, £1 le ; Farroll and Son, £1 Is ; A. Cameron, Strathmore, £1 Is ; Hospital Box, I2s - £io II 0 Tarrock.— Omitted from the January list, J. Robertson - ... 110 