ARRIVAL O? THE ENGLISH MAIL. Vi^ Sura, at Auklaiiie. , ' Svi-NEV, Thursday Mnruinf. Iin-. I', ami O. Co.'s Tt M.S. Assam, from P.jint -(o (iiillc, Novcmbi-r 17, with tin' mails fivn» lliiylaii'l to the dnti; nf Oebih.-r ''7 ri'i BiiixliM, arriie-1 at Adf-lai.l,- 1 ^t niqlit. : Uiitrn^os Mill mviir in llnl/jivia ; theTnik i(h ij'inimission is proving ,-i cruel nnu'ktiv. The inonuy Mint, by the I: .viTiiiii.-nt for the r.;iiu-f of Hie snllering Christ i.ms ix divuitcl to other purpnaiK. In ICiijrUinl, public oiiini.in generally ap jii'ovch ol the ivj.-etion m' the proposal for a six nv.ntliB' aniiialie^, 1- li.-vin.. thai so l.,n a truce would only lead lo ,-i prolon-alion of I'urkibli misrule. Two l:nlH.irian .l.-logatcs are o-i a visit t. lOu-l.iud to tli.-ink tliu jK-oplc for h.l svm paHiy anil suroor. IteciMit advices nllcijo that terriliV a(n ? ?itius hav.! bci-n ,-ur,initted In- Hi,- anui'.l forces of Transvaal, who arc said t.. ii ivu l.nt..-h,r,,l I,clp1es- K.hUr wn,-:, and ohil drori. They l.uiued \\- .tlir kiaa's pninisen -u.-ly, au.l -loKukt,,l country in thesu sanLMi iiary i.'S.eu.'.ses. Hi.- lichljiM-iici-laiinint, haviii2,-oniinitl'd' alm:a.:h of tilt- ps W —i dis.-'n.lin..: Ins l,,,t all Ins marks for K,,,le»,.lu.-t, which will pro tract his period or dei.Mti.in. A f.-riiiid.ibl,.c.ii-»iir.-i.-v liavinL- 1 ? n diK eov.reil in Spain,- l-.'fi pt-i*ons. inolu.limf IS : gfiiiTilfi. have Iu-mii .i.nsti-l -:u su-uk'iou of ! complicity. The risiii- lia 1 I,,...,, ,,| ,!IK,1 i,, the inti-rcst of r,.,|er.ili^m. whi-li was pru-1 vui.t.-d by the sci/ur.; of a letter ,.n the ! frontier. | W -v--ton has acminplished the ta«k of walk in:; oOO miles \u six ,|nVs. An awo-innpiriii'; and inysti-ri-ni-! .-pi.io.1o occurred at the las-t nieetin-.' nf the Too- ' wo.nnba Municipal OiiuikmI. l'iv;.-ir.-»l ny to commencing the reuulnr p''.ifediii,'s, the members of the J-'iiiauo: ( '.iiinnitti'c went apart, liko a jury, ti i-onsi,|i-r their vcnlii-t in a separate room, hi a lew minutes His Worship tho Mayor rc-appcai-ed at (he door, and, in a solemn iiiaumr. 1-''i-1;oii--] tho re inaiiiiug alderman t-- foll.^v l.im, very imie.h ' in the manner of the Ghost in Hamlet. Obedient to thf finuuions, the aldermen filed J in, and the door was shut. There remained j outside three ctivo reporters— we beg their pardons, Hire intelligent editors— and the Town Clerk. The three active— that is to j say intelligent -editors, with ono accord, by a common pro sssioual instinct, made a move , for tbe keyhol , but recollecting each other's ! presence, faltt ed ami refrained. The next : ten minutes ere occupied by these lofty intellects in rying (ineffectually) to con vinco ono anot ler that they were not at all curious about rbat was going on inside, the only indiffen it person being the Town Clerk, who i not deserving of the least credit for bis - dlectcd manner, inasmuch as he is accustoncd to collecting, and besides knew he was certain to learn all about it. After a periol of agmiizing suspense, the mystic portal e-openod, and the solemn con clave marched out in procession and resumed their places a the talilo, while tho Mayor mounted his tirouc, and, observing the tor turing curiosit y p tinted on the noble features of tbe iutellcc ua.1 three, before seating him self he assuafj .1 their agonies by— blowing his nose. The final faal of the Fairlie ongine took place on Thursday, in presence of o number of the princijjnl railway officials— Messrs. A. O. Herbert, Commissioner for Railways; H. \j. ocaniey, ^nicr K/Ujjintier, n. ana w . itail way; J. Thorneloe Smith, Engineer in charge of Railway Surveys ; Stathain Lrnvc, Traf fic Manager; aud A. Ibomas, Hcsident Engi neer ; as well as Mr. A. C Gregory, C.M.G., heina; nn the engine which was for the last time tinder the. charge of Mr. Royee. of Pair lie and Co. The weight of the engine, with 30 cwt. of coal and 8)0 gallons of water nn board, was at the start about 30 tons S c«t., and the train drawn, consisting of three six* wlieel trucks, twelve four-wheel trucks, and one large vau, amounted to 107 tons. Mur phy's Occk Station was left at 1:2.14 p.m., and Uighftelds was reached at 12.5S. ITcre the engine took in water, aud at 1.7 p in, re sumed its career,, roaching the summit of the range at 1.39, and tlio Toowoomba Station curve at 1.45, making the entire trip from Murphy's Creok abont three, minutes under time, with a load about 50 »er cent, greater than is taken by tho ordinary engines. The run was most successful i at no time did the steaui pre?suro,fall heltw !).r-H)3. tothesquara inch. It only dropped to that for a uioinont or two. Almost all tlio tiino the pressure was over lOOlbs. to the souare inch. On ar riving there /was still about 30 c-rt. of coal in the buukors'; and the water in'.Uia bohV era was well .maintained during the entire trip. The series of trials having now termi nated, tbo engine goes into the sheds at Ips wich, pending the decision of tho Oovorn mont relative to purohasing. Repoet of p^enla in Toowoomba Hos- 1 piUl, for th(i,-^1t ending D«Cembor 7, 1676 :— In hoipiWlliit report, 28 wa\fa 8/ fomaleni tiuoe ainfftted, (I males, 1! female';'' diBOhargett, J(-llM \\- fema-b'j'!aiM, »,;'? ^biairittS^-pi^|l!ma%:8 feittklB(,f noemng.on^do^^dioal t^ief.^G.^nlts Jjft HowJin (will l»^b; VisitiDgfWBrgdJnJ ]fer ne»t week. Xif^iiiiUl (J6ffliU)*6«i1iave to*b-nk the MM^tfimi.e farb'erH/'pet Mr. Wf«n^nef£^Pm;||^K, '. .rAMOMl.BioJifilMty niraiigenients for MojT day, the reception nf the Brisbane Caikts, »nd tlie.Wriiius'aoiasoninute in conuedtion \yi th ^lhe eirtartauuneii t of these youti^k'isi tor^, jocfjupyithje -chief place. Tho 'ilethJ- politan Cadets will arrive in Toowoomba -by the jtf ain atj 1 .45 t»-day ; and for their delec tation ja Jnoplifon, ,/ind' fiports have been ar,rjipgc4 tp.fajtp, place in tU? Queon'« ?Park.' Tjjcrejwijl ^p_.. a,, cricket match and displays of o^tyup^p^e' horizontal bar. lR.t]i,e former, Toowoomba will be represents!' by Licutouanti Beojpuiui, Lieutenant Groom, Sergeant Groom. Sergeant lienjaipiii, , Ser p«int -fof'rieon,';tfttti1i;t'l-at''rsou. Cadet K. Marwrfd.OadetH. Smitli, Cidct.J, Pumv s.m. Ckilet F. 'PearHou, CmM K. Riss, Cailet C. Knight, Cadet Binling. au.l Cadet Noek ; and the gymnasts .to pi-rfonn pa the hori ziutal bar will ibo-K NlierMnii, K, Mar weilel, T. Dent, H. Smith, . I. Sheridan, P. Marvrcdel, A.Rmitli.K HeumwoVtb.G. Hunt, B. Benjimin, and J. Barry. - The nrnaramme of the seventh annual gathering, ou New Year's Day, of: tbe D. I). OiMinian Society apinars in -ur advertis ing columns, nn-\ must Iv.prnuoinccd .1 very liberal one, thopri7.es d^rc'.'itiig jCOS 10-., us a^niiiRt i'M KIs. list -*r\v War's Day. The feature of the giUiorin;. will be the Caledonian Handicap Flat I! -ice (t'ir-l— dis- tincea IM, 3.ll-, an 1 410 y.ir.'s— the final award being by points, and the prizes being trophies or inmiey, at the option of . tlio win ners ' We ninlerKtand the maximum number of points obtainable is 1.',. Fur each event, tUe first, second. aiuVtliivl nun gets 5, S, and 2 points respectively. Kntrii-s for the hau.li enps (wliich include a walking inatc(i) mast he in the hon. KeciY-tarv's luuils hv fi n in.. on Saturday. 3itr.li instant. Another novdty will be the soc.illcd ' tue of war' (prize £3), when (Hissihly our local Turks and liussianj will have an -i]iportunity of displavin^ Uieir pro'vess. In tlie ./i-cwi/ ii; n«j of 7th Sep. t-jinbcr, we liud the follii»-in- account of how a himilar c unpetitioii was oairicd out nt a workmen's demonstration, at St. Ifeliers : — ' .\ 'tug of war' was amont; the events on fie proarammc. twenty men arraying tlium wives on pitliev side with an evident deter mination, if possible, to secure the 20s. of fered as a prize. Ill tho first ' tug' the whole of the forty men were prostrated upon mother earth, owinj to the nip- 'jirtiuy in about the centre. This incident gave rise to a dual of mirth, in wh'eh many of the Tillen' men joined. Another mpc was obtained, and the 'tua' as.iin commenced, the men on the ri^ht proving too iiiujli for their opponents on thu left. The men next changed places, lint it made no diirorcuco. the party ou the K f t easily succeeJiiii; in pullini; the right over the line, and thereby winning the priz'j of ?iHs.' A spki-im. meotiiig nf thecoimnitt^eof tbo |t..rliuj- Downs Caledniiiau Society was h.-ld on Thursday pvenini.'. 7th instant. 1'ivsi-nt : Messrs. Walker (cliairiuan), Hrocklebank, Bruce, «-aiiiph.-!l. |lal;ers. firaliain, Ilindu w.n, Miinr... M'K-niglit. l!e:iwick, and Stir. Iin-. 1 1n- t.'U.kr of the hand of No. 8 Coui p-iny, Q.V.I!., was accpled for New Vwirs D:iv, ;i».l the w-er.-(ar-» was instructed, after e ir:-cs|,nu.lunc- Iri.1 W.;-u r. ad, |..eu-.i-j two pip.Ts from i:iisl..;ne in conjunction with tile Warwick Society. The pr.^r.mnncKiibeuni mittiD's report, after lengthy disoussion, was aihipteii with a slirlit altoratiou. on the mo. tion uf Mr. Stirling, seconded by Mr. IWkMiank, a»'l a ^juxi.il suh-coinmittee was appointed to attend ti the cv-:iits re i|iiiring handicapping. Further progress re. | pints having been verbally raideivd, and |irovisiin made for adverti-iug ;ho ajiproaeli inc gathering, the coininittoe idiourned till Thursday evening, 2Ut iijst.int. ()s Thursday a walking ir.atch came off at the racecourse between Mr. John Per kins, of this town, uud a Mr. Ireland, for a stake of i'20 a-sidc. A very fair start was made, but the' event was all one way, Per kins taking the lead ininiiiliutcly, and com ing in an easy winner, Ireland giving up when about 150 yards from the goal. Per kins' time was S min. l.'i sees., and as he was never called on to exert himself there is | no doubt he could reduce tint time if put I to it. The proverbial Jack and Jill have hecu celebrated from the earliest times fur the remarkable facility and persistency with which they went np the hill, and for celerity in coming down a hill they distanced all competitors. Persons who arc troubled with jibbing hnrses will be rejoiced to observe, by an advertisement in another column, that a mode has been discovered of crossing Jack and Jill with that useful animal, thereby imparting to it all the up-hill persevering qualities of the two celebrities. In other words, there are some .Tack -asses and sonic Jill-asses to be offered for sale next Tuesday, as well as some mules. We are interested in this matter, because these are positively the first asses which have come to Too woomba since our own arrival here. Asses makn life enjoyable : they can always bo harnessed to the shafts of ridicule ; and for selling an ass; commond us to our brisk townsman, Mr. T. G. Robinson, who pro poses tn crack a joke on these asses and mules, aud afterwards to knock them down — tn the highest bidder— ou Tuesday next. These asses arc lineally descended from Ralum's, and it is .expected that them will be n profit on each. They have degenerated but little from their ancestor, as they can do everything but speak.— iAdvt. O.v Ttiesdav lliffllt. ahmlt 1 1 nVincl.-. if wnn reported to the polioe that a case of garrnt inu; had taken place on the Xorth Quay. Mr. PhiUp Davis, son of Mr.4S. Davis, utabeg that about ID o'clock on that oveninc, as he was proceeding homeward along tho Kocth Quay, he was accosted by a woman, who wished him ''Good evening.' Not receiving any reply from Mr. Davis, she followed him some distance and stopped, allowing him to pass her. On reaching Jackson's corner, about one hundred yards from his father's place, Mr. Davis turned rouud to see what had .Jiccoiuo of ilio woman, wheu a man. rushed Tratrfrpai.behSnd'ilie^ence ab.d teheed liimJty. the throat, after the affectionate manner of garrptters. Mr,. Davis struck his a&sailmit; witb a loadea-wlup.and Knocked him down. At the same instant another mau Btruck Mr. Davis a blow with what appears to have been a life-preserver, knocking him down and rendering him partially, unconscious. On regaining consciousness, bo found Mm self covered iri Mood; *nd with onso'f the' men knoeling on his tliWat ' 'The other taau w«,lying*u*dsB 4ii* {Mr, DavW) lek VMIe the woman w»s trriny to remove hfi rtfa'ds *n-J wateli.' TMi/ however, ahe*fttie&rii;' to have fcfeen Unable fe*o,(^'Mri mWfem hold of Ins watoh, and A Hu^ apm*oK1ii fc his ossailauts ran off. Wk£*jn)? JitO, yijij, ficulty, ¥^lMyi'|w?*^lll^\o4tefn4otiie 