METROPOLITAN PACTS AND SCRAPS. Sydney, Aug. 8th. There is an old saying " When the old : cock crows, the chickens all follow and anyone with a knowledge of the eccentric character of midnight roosters, who can start a whole neighbourhood of fowls by crowing in the middle of the night, can apply the metaphor to those who, haviug once started a subject in print, set scores of pens going forthwith. A writer call ing himself " Handel's Ghost" has set the musical world alive upon the subject of class music teaching, aud there is hardly a " Professor" who has not rushed into print, apparently if for 110 other purpose than to cheaply advertise himself. However clever all these gentlemen may be, their works do not add much to their credit as teachers. As a rule, not one public singer out of ten in the city knows any thing about reading music, and chorus singing in Sydney is, if anything, worse now than it was some years ago. A gen tleman who is great on the Tonic Sol Fa tried his hand at producing the 12th Mass of Mozart, the other day, aud in my opi nion the exhibition was a failure. The fact is that in Sydney, as in many other places, amateurs will try music beyond j them, aud, classically speaking, attempt ! to swim the Thalian stream before they have learned to wade the shallows. A most ingenious Yankee has managed to draw large crowds about him every day, on the vacant laud near the Post Office, exhibiting what he calls " lightning arith metic. " His stock in trade consists merely of a black board and a piece of clialk. He professes to multiply (amongst other things) a row of nine figures by another row of nine, by a system of cross addi tion. The rapidity with which he does it is extraordinary, but as the answer is rubbed out immediately he has solved the problem no one seems to know whether his answer is right or not. An agent goes about selling books which profess to teach the system, but, as far ;is I am concerned, a perusal of it makes " confusion worse confounded." 4 Sydney Punch' is again in the market for private sale. This unfortunate pro duction has had all sorts of ups and downs in its life. Several members of the old staff, of some years ago, have been thterviewed with the hope that they will join again under a new proprietary. The sensible idea seems to have struck them all that, unleBS the staff is made a small one, and they are paid fair salaries, they will have nothing to do with it. So long as proprietors can take advantage of voluntary contributions wluch are show ered at their heads, to the exclusion of matter, paid for in bulk, by professional writers, none of the latter will have any thing to do with a publication produced under such a system. The unfortunate loss of the s.s. Queens land is a topic of no small interest at pre sent. The collision is said to have taken place in clear weather, and to have oc curred in open water. The Queensland was the finest ship of the Torres Straits line, aud over 2000 tons burtheu. She was struck almost amidship, aud went down in three-quarters of au hour. Pending enquiry, it would be unfair to say anything about the matter, but there must have beengross negligencesome where. The passengers barely escaped with their lives, and most of them saved nothiug more than what they stood up in. The Sugar Company's steamer Fiona, moreover, took it into her head to per form some singular evolutions in the har bour, the other day, and, after giving one or two porpoise-like rolls, without any defined object or previous intimation, quietly settled down. There will, how ever, it seems to be, no trouble in getting her up. The first election for the University of Sydney is now occupying some attention. The general opinion is that Mr. Win dcyer will walk over. Seeing that he is about the oldest graduate, and lias had some experience of political life, his claims to election are worthy of considera tion. The extraordinary way in which the population of the colony endeavours to centralise itself in Sydney cannot be bet ter exemplified than in the remarkable manner in which house rents have risen during the last year or two. Houses which used to be at the rate of twenty five shillings a week cannot now be got under two pounds, and the rows of houses springing up in every available part of the city are legion. How people manage to pay such rents is a query not easily solved, but somehow they do. Extravagances of all sorts are increas ing, and the millinery departments in the large houses of business must be do ing a trade far beyond the means of most people. From obBcure alleys sally forth, on Sunday afternoons wives dressed in the height of fashion, chaperoned by their husbands in the last stage of slop clothing. Girls behind the cheap - dra pery counters or public house bars are radiant in silks and satins, and adorned to the ultimate point admissible under the Binomial Theorem in fancy jewelleiy. " Whence this whencehcss ?" as the Ame rican author would say. Either things from the costumier's point of view have wonderfully cheapened, or there is more money earned than dreamt of in ordinary philosophy. A country gentleman or lady may be readily picked out by their simple toilet, and the connoisseuse in the point of dress may easily have her feathers woe- ' fully ruffled by some small dressmaker who sports herself in a Sydney church, though the former eclipsed- her co-wor shippers in the country " by many chalks." The question of where it comes from need hardly be left for solution. 