AMUSEMENTS. I'cvivaU are seldom successes. The be3t things require working up, and it ia only on rare occasions that the production of a drama however popular, or a nsw piece however meritorious, cau command at once, and for any given period, crowded and en thusiastic audiences. Our Boys at the Theatre Royal wa3 substituted for Married in Ha3te on Saturday evening last, and though played to good housss, especially in the dress circle, tho experiment did uot turn out a3 satisfactory a3 could be wished. It dots seem singular that there should bs a repetition of a piece where the public naturally expected something new. Ou the principle of reciprocity, the public, when according genet on* support, lock for liberal treatment ia return, That a whole week, during which we might have Had the Liugards in oue of their crack piecea, ehonld have been devoted to playing a drama that had after an excellent run been withdrawn for othei- novelties, shows a pleutiful lauk of resources somewhere. If the truth must be told we think it is attributable to the stock company of the Royal being weakened by tho strong contingent sent across the street . to support Mr. Emmet iu Fritz. But for this we might have had Pygmalion and Galatea, or the New Magdalen, iu a style never before witnessed iu Melbourne. The absence, too, of Mr. Stuart O'Brien, Mr. R. Stewart and Miss Blancho Stammers must necessarily have diminished the chances of forming tha very beat cast that could be obtained for all purposes. Mr. Har»vood is, no doubt, an able manager, and few we be lieve are more capable of turning their force3 to advantage ; but the public cannot fail to regard with suspicion the circumstance of two very important theatres being carried on with what ia virtually one company. This is monopoly in its most aggravated form. It wa3 thought that when the new Opera House was erected a wholesome rivalry would have been excited between the two establishments, and for a time eveuts had that tendency. The opera bouffe season ran 3ide by side with the legitimate drama frequently, and everything went merrily. Tho public could not be otherwise thau satis fied; and everyono according to his humor might indulge iu the gratification of his taste or caprice, if disposed, to rush from what wa3 'grave to gay, from lively to severe.' The subject certainly deserves tho attention of those more immediately in terested. There will be a change of programme at the Royal this (Saturday) evening, when a grand mythological extravaganza entitled l'luto, or the Magic Lyre, will bo produced in a atyle of unuaunl magnificence, Mr. W. H. Lingard and Miss Alice Duuniug appear ing ia the principal roks. The former takes the part of Pluto, and the Utter that of Oruheus. a Dart in which this talented ladv 13 likely to create some sensation. Tho piece has the merit of being the be3t of tho kind. It has a well defined plot, tho classic story beiug adhered to ; the dialogue sparkles with wit, and the situations are many of them highly Immorou3. There will be no lees than twenty piecea of music, all more or leas new, introducing several of the songs and inaru'iing tunes, being pro nounced equal lo any that Lecoq or even Offenbach ha3 written. The dres3eu are auperb, and the scenery, aa painted by Mr. Heuutngs and his assistants, is quite in keeping with tha style iu which it isdesigued the burlesque shall bo produced. The orchestra will be reinforced by nine first class musicians. Miss Marian Leslictakea the part of Amta-us. Sho i3 new to Australia, mid comes with vary oxcelleiit credentials. M133 Jenny Bryco takes tho part of Eury tlke, Mrs. Dryer that of Proserpine, and MJ33 Alice Deorwyn that of Apoll-. If this (Joew not act aa a course -irritant lo Fritz, ifc will bo souiatuiug to bo suruiiaecl at. Mr. Emmet's ninth week in Fritz has been as successful as any that have gone before. The original Crystal Palace Marionettes appear this (Saturday) evening at St. George's Hull. The eutevtaiumont is spoken of in very flattering terms. The South Melbourne Tonic Sol-fa Asso ciation gave their first concert for the present season at the halL Howe-orescent, Emerald hill, uu'ler tho direction of their con ductor, Mr. P. P. FraBer, on Thursday. The hall waa fairly filled by an audi ence who seemed, aa is usual at these suburban gatherings, to be on excellent terms with the performers, and were very loud in their demonstrations of ap plause. Mr. Fraser, as conductor of the society, has the command of a large vocal body, which is not wanting In ability, though some of its efforts were on this particular occasion rather crude, and among other faults was a disinclination on the part of some o£ the chorus to agreo with their fellow3 in tho impor tant point of pronouncing their words. Ono great virtue of the chorus was its precision in the matter of taking up poiut3 and in delivery generally. That the society is not wanting in vocal ability wa3 further shown by two members giving solos, which, although not approach ing any critical standard, were still pleasing, as evidencing the possession of good voices. A Madame Buchanan, described on the pro gramme as of the Royal Academy, Milan, gave a couple of songs, accompanying herself on the pianoforte. Her skill as a vocalist woidd be agreeably- evident in a small room, as her singing is artistic, but in the present iustauco she could not be called successful. Her songs were, how ever, encored. Mr. Bastieu gave two S0I03 on the tluto in a very pleasing manner. Of the choral singing, the be3t numbers were Seward's Song of the Gipsies and Roots' Forest Echoes, both being redemanded. Tlie successful re3iilt of the concert is mainly due to the energy of Mr. Fraser, the conductor, and Mr. Woods, the pianist. Not a little sensation was created in musi cal circles in Melbourne ' on Tuesday when the new3 reached here from New Zealand by telegraph that Mdlle. Do Muiaka had mar ried Mr. John Hill. A3 the latter was rather a favorite among3t his numerous pupils, the chagrin no less than the surprise thereby occasioned can be better imagined than described. The Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was crowded to excess on Saturday evening at the Total Abstinence Society's Weekly People's Concert. The programme consisted of two part3. The first, musical selections by Miss Fanny Sheppard and Messrs. J. Henrix, T. B. Brown, and M. B. Murphy, and the second conjuring by Professor Llenuicke. The most popular itenw of the vocal portion of the en tertainment were the Tickling Trio by the three iirst- iiamert performers, aud a new local song by *lr. Murphy, introducing a number of our prominent politicians and public men, which created a great deal of laughter, and for which the sin«er waa recalled live times. Professor Hennickc performed a number of very clever feuts in conjuring, which were loudly applauded, concluding with tlie aerial suspension of the enchanted lady. The chair w.13 occupied by Mr. John Nimmo, and Mr. Frank Richardson acted as conductor. Mis3 D wight presided at the oiano. The popular concert movement, which has gained such ground in the various suburban districts, has been extended to Sandridge, with the most gratifying re sults. The first of this description, since Mr. R. W. Cary left Victoria, wa3 given ou Monday evening, at tho Temperance Hall, when the attendance waa so great that numbers could not be accommodated with Beats. In consequence of the success of the undertaking, the concerts will be re ? gularly repeated in the Sandridgo Town Hall, which ia of far larger dimensions. Figaro, in Town and Country, speaking of the success of the Opera Bouffe Company, says : — The company .at the Victoria Theatre are still attracting large audiences to their performances, although from what I have heard aud read, 'and 1 am very loth to believe all that I have read, concerning them, they have not been as successful with Fra Diavolo or Mr. Miers aa was antici pated. Circumstances will alter cases, and Lo Here the Gentle Lark hops in. Giroile and Girolia, La i'ille de Madame Angot, with its grand- quarrel duct between Miss Clara Thompson aud Miss Jeannie Winston, assisted in other scenes by Ange Pitou and the merry-eyed Poraponnet on Thurs day night, followed hy Miss Emilie Mel ville's charming representation of La Perichole on Saturday, have eclipsed the attractiveness of Zerlina, or Maritana, even with J. E. KittB as the King of Spain. Spain has, however, hod many a worse king thau Mr. Kitta as a business manager. On Wednesday tha grand extravaganzaistic opening of the Melbourne Christmas Pan tomime was presented in a style cf great theatrical magnitiocu.ee, and the combination of artists iu its performance won for it un- diminished success. The piece must be bad indeed that could not succeed with Miss Emilie Melville, Mis3 Ciara Thompson, MiBs Joannie Winston, Miss Alice Wooldxidge, Mra. Fox, Mr. Bracy, Mr. Templeton, aud that Hercule3 of Fun Mr. George Leopold, to support the principal characters. At the_ Theatre iloyal Signor Eduardo Majeroni has filled hi3 engagement as the Old Corporal, and took hia ?' benefit' and farewell of the Sydney public on Saturday last. The Signor'a performances drew very good houseB during the week, and his intense acting deserved the praise awarded it by all. On Monday night Mr. G. D. Chaplin again attracted a large and very attentive audience to witness his masterly representa tion of Hamlet. In thi3 he is undoubtedly at I113 best, so far as I have seen him in Shakspeaviau characters, though I must con fess to surprise to witness his lotting fall his sword a3 ho follows the ghost upon tho plat form, only to find himself without it when calling upon Horatio and Bernardo to ' swear by my sword.' This is so manifestly absurd that, taking it for an accidental dropping tho first time, I refrained from mentioning it to this judicious actor. The manner of holding tho sword by its braid is also an innovation not an improvement. In other respects Mr. Chaplin's performance is remarkably good. On Tuesday night he appeared in on antipodean character regaxded artistically, that of Lord Dun dreary, ia Our American Cousin. In thia conception he rcalisea Dundreary fco a tolerably large degree, and amuses immensely by his assumption of the inane lord ; his ' widdles' aud hik want of wit being received with great laughter, while his ' hoppy' gait and really ca2-ital attempts to sneeze wero irresistibly funny. His ex quisite lordship would nob however havo been contented to wear the same dressing gown in and out of doors, and it must havo fitted him better too or Mr. Sothern is n» authority. I am glad to bestow a word o£ praise upon Miss Chamber3 for her well per« formed Georgina. Mr, W. J. Holloway, as Abb Trenohard, gave a very fair rendering o£ ' Oar American Cousin,' but it vra3 from an English point of view only. Still, with tho exception of that manneriatic putting of the \ handa behind him, it was a carefully well played part. Mr. J. G. Joyce wa3 an ex cellent peformcr of Sir Edward Trenchard, and Mis3 Tilly Andrew3, aa Florence Trenchard, played with great grace and effect. Miss Maggie Oliver exhibited much natural vivacity in the charaoter of Mary, and wore her hair a la helmet plume with becoming effect, especially for a dairymaid. Miss Oliver was encored in tho pretty song in the farm yard scene. We are requested to state that the arrange ments for the levee to be held by his Excel lency the Governor at the Town Hall, at eleven a.m. on her Majesty's Birthday, will bo the same as those adopted on previous occasions, viz., those gentlemen who have received cards of entree, aud the members of the public bodies to be presented to his Ex cellency, will enter by the door in Swanston street, and the remainder by the west door in Collins-street. The exit will be by tho east door in Coliins-street. A deputation of gentlemen representing the manufacturing interests, accompanied by Mr. Sargood, M.L.C., yesterday waited on the Treasurer for the purpose of request ing the Government to introduce a bill into Parliament with a view to the registration of trade marks. Mr. Sargood introduced and stated the object of the deputa tion. He said there was no means at present by which trade marks could become known to the general public, except by the brand being attached to the articles sold. Thia wa3 well enough so far as old-established iirms are concerned, but in other coses a difficulty presented itself, as anyone might innocently appropriate tha mark already adopted by another. In England the law had Leeu altered to remedy this defect, by register ing a trade mark in the same way as a patent. Sir James M'Culloch said that he waa aware that a law had been passed in England to the effect stated, a tee baing required for registration. He might say that the Government had already prepared a bill upon the subject, which would be introduced iu the course of next session. Fees, how ever, would be charged for registration as in Eugland. It was pointed ,out by Mr. M'Lean, of M'l.enu Brothers and Rigg, that under the F.nglish act traders were not fully protected iu tho colonies, aud he hoped that in any bill in troduced tho defect would be remedied. Sir Jamea M'Culloch suggested that a memo randum should be forwarded to him, setting out fully the precise wisb.C3 of tho deputa tion. Ho promised that they should, if approved of, be embodied in the bill. A meeting of the Executive Committee o? -. the Outer Circle Railway League was held / yesterday, at the Clarence Hotel, when tho present position of affairs was discussed, and after consideration it was determined lo adjourn until the 30th inst. to make arrange ments for a deputation to the Minister. The Lygon-street toll cases came again before the District Court yesterday, Messrs. Mitchell and Newell suing Mr. JohnBrun dell for £5 4s. 2d., alleged to be due for toll upon 5000 sheep which had evaded payment by passing over a piece of waste land in tha vicinity. The bench considered the case proved in so far as 1700 of the animals wero concerned, and made an order for the pay. ment of f 1 15s. 5d., being at the rate of Ofd. each. Two other summonses had been issued for evasion of toll, but as it wa3 stated that the defendants intended to ap peal in the previous cases) the hearing was adjourned until the 2nd of July, by which time the decision of the Supreme Court with regard to the magisterial verdicts will have been declared. The inhabitants of Heidelberg are taking steps with a view to obtaining an earlier mail from Melbourne. tinder existing ar rangements the morning mail for that place is made up at tho General Post Office at a quarter-past ten, and reaches Heidelberg at noon. The return mail Is made up at fifteen minutes past one, there being little more than an hour for letters to be delivered and answered. It i3 proposed to a3k the de partment to despatch the morning mail at eight o'clock. Our Sandhurst correspondent informs us that on Wednesday evening the body of a newly-born female child was found in tho water in the reserve, near Bridgo-street, by the caretaker.^Brown. An inquest was held by Dr. Pounds. The principal witnosa waa George Brown, the keeper of tho reserve, who stated that on the 17th May, when in the reserve, he saw tha body of a child in the willow pond, reported the matter to tho polioe, and Senior-coa« stable Gleeson fished up the body and a piece of dark wincey, in which tha body had been tied, as it was made like a bag, and had inside a stone about 17 lb. weight. Dr. Boyd, who had, id conjunction with Dr. Penfold, made a post mortem, gave evidence to the effect that tho body was that of a female child recently born, supposed to have been iu the water some three or four weeks. There were no marks of violence on the body. On di33ect ing tho head found a large clot of blood covering the occipital bone, and over tho temple-bone. Tnere wau no fracturo of tho skuf), aud the blood was probably produced by di3tiuct blows before death from a smooth, hard substance, tbere being no laceration of tho setup. Tho blows on \ the . ho.id must hava been inflicted before death, and whiio tlie child wob alive. Dr. P-oyd'3 evidence wa9 corroborated by Dr. Penfold, and tko jury returned a verdict of 'wilful murder' against somo poison or psravma uuUuowu. 