THE NOVELIST. GRIFFITH'S DOUBLE.* BY MRS, CASHKL Howi VOLUME L-BOOK L Chapter X. X PBOSP1BOUS GKHTIiEMAW. When visitors to tb( colony of New South. Wales, who hud the advantagei of Mr. John Pemberton's Acquaintance, told him that his house reminded them with especial force mid pleasantneflB of EngltBd,. they told him ' thatwhich he wellliked to hear. He heard this pleasant thing said pretty often, for he was a hospitable person, and visitors to Sydney were always told that then ought to have a look at Randirick, with its wooded race ?coarse, its pleasant surroundings of rural' aoenery, and its grand view of the Bay of Coogee, with the long, thundering rollers of the Pacific breaking upon the fair curv* ing shore. A Una of Brighton to the London of New South Wales, Rand wick la a favourite residence for the merchants whose business lies in the city of Sydney, and many handsome "places" crown its heights, or .tretch down into the Waterloo Valley, beyond whioh rise the heights of the capital itself. They said troth, those frequent visitors, to John remberton's solid, handsome country house, which stood well away from itB neigh bours, in its plantation of blue-gam1 trees which, if they lacked the changeful beauty of the forest lords "at home," had compen sating beanty and grandeur of their own,' with its nettle bushes, Its violet-scented myall, a highly-prized snrvivor of the old times #hqn the country was open, its noble cedars and its mighty iron-barks, tall, efcrafght, and Strong, crowned with dark foliage, and with deep fissures in their rugged bark filled With Wack glittering gum, as though molten iron bad been run into them. Regarded in detail, neither the house nor its surroundings were really like "home but there was enough of superficial resem blance, studiously cultivated by John Pem berton, in the scrupulous order tad the ** fresh as paint" look of everything; and in the devices by which seclusion was secured, though the entrance gave upon the high road to Sydney, and Randwick proper was only a" couple of miles away, to justify the repetition of the obliging compliment to bo willing an ear. The house was low, roomy, square built on four sides of aoourt-yarcL and fitted with a wide flower land leaf adorned ve randah, both on its inner and outer sides, end it had the " well-to-do" look which is as plainly to be seen In the physiognomy of homes as it is in that of men and women all the world over. Within all the country side which lay' between the Blue Mountains and the Pacific Ocean, from Port Jackson to Shoal haven, ( and it would have been difficult to point out a more beautiful bit of the earth's surfaoe," there was perhaps no more truth- telfiiig physiognomy in stone and mortar wink than that of" Mount Keira lodge," far John Pem- ? berton had called his house after the'nearest local celebrity in mountains. The prosperous dwelling of a prosperous man, the houee and its owner looked right well matched when we Bee them first on a gtorioua afternoon in the antipodean midsummer, a little before Christ inas, when people "at home" had settled .down to otuivionof the eiistdnoe of the 'Sun. - - If Mount Keira lodge looked like a bit of fusses transported to New South Wales, John Pemberton waaas racy of the far-away aioilof thebeyond^seas fatherland. Atypical Englishmen of an unchanged order was this apngbt, well- built, ^izsled-haired, broad ^ulderei grei-eyed, clean-shaven man of a little ova SO. who bad not seen RngUn«f foj more than SO yean, but during the whole 20 ? though he bad addressed himself to his business in the colony with purpose and m* -severance, which had borne good bad never relinquished the intention of going fortune!0 *°°a shonl* hav® nuwea Vohn Pemberton's mind was as elastic afi ttost peoples on the subject iiftbisfintafta, itself.under very diffenntasl £Sa? *uS ^ *£"2 on, and the small capital tnUi which he had gone out to the oolony so off. m and wherehe had than, one of .its ^editoeUjjverj^ over again in his ente^ Th® tow thousands with have been weU to fSJ1*/.' homy>aa notrealised^fStwS^ lifMii KotSSSkJfiS&iJiSs;* ^ «« *3M9rtGnSiUEffs& ysarfiT-** denied that ~ wntplai i even to . ltation he oontoai k Jif de^L%%} , HlSww Of IpfctiUhPb niB mil SlSgeSiF®, nM TBTia SJ#^ W *^*dton in bar smile, and verandah la btrowed all over with gorgeous blossom. In the verandah, well within the .hade of* sunbLind, in a low chair placed on the oool matting, Bits a lady, lb& Pember ton. She ia younito be the wife of a man of John Pembertone age, she has certainly not seen her thirtieth year, and might be sup posed to bcfseveral years short ofit, only that her complexion has faded somewhat, and her expression is very thoughtful and composed. She 1b a handsome woman, fair, with abundant dark hair, dark-brown eyes, a slight, graoeful figure, and the stamp of refinement npon her movements and her simple dress. John Pemberton stands beside her work table, which he has invaded by a bundle of papers, relating tb the sailing bf ships, arid he is talking to her about the satisfactory state of forwardness which his arrangementa for the final winding up of everything at Sydney have reached. His wife listens, bat' she smiles only faintly, and her gaze turns regretfully npon the flower-decked lawn, and lingers on the belt of noble trees beyond it. " I hope they will not make many changes here," she says, when John Pemberton has concluded his history of the bargain, in two months from tbat day the transfer of Mount Keira lodge to Mr. Sharland is to be accom plished. "Though we Bhall never see the place again, it would pain me to think of it as much altered; we have been so happy here." "We have, indeed," her husband answers hastily, and his fond eyes rest on her with perfect trust and love, "and we shall be very happy everywhere, so long as we ai together. I don't say that I sha " . aall not be safee when the time comes to say good-bye to all this-after all, the five best years of my life have been lived here, but there is nothing like England when one can afford it. I wish yon were as much pleased with the prospect as I am." . "I left England so lately in comparison with you, you must remember, and 1 have nothing and no one to return to. AU my world is here." " You mean that you have nofanciea about it, like your silly old husband, who talks like a schoolboy before the holidays ; for as for relatives there we are pretty nluch on a level. You have no relations and I have none whom |I have seen for 20 years. But, after all, it's the country, it's the places, it's the face of London one wants to see as much as the people one remembers." John Pemberton walked to and fro in the verandah for a few moments, and then ap proached his wife again. "Yon have no] real dislike to our move, have you, Mary? .Because if you have, you know, toll me now, and I'll make up my mind to stay. It wouldn't be like you to hide it from me until now if you had, but even you, I suppose, might possibly be un reasonable and inconsistent for once in a way, and you may not have felt sure of your own mind in the matter, until it came so near as the sale of the house. Say it out, my love, if it is so. Nothing could really please me, or please me for long, that did not thoroughly please you also. Perhaps the consideration of Ida has weighed too much with you." "My dear John," said Mrs. Pemberton, laying her hand impressively upon her hus buurs arm, and speaking very earnestly, 'flow can you suspect me of such deep seated silliness? If I nad had anv real dislike to what will be the fulfilment of the hope of years to you-years before you ever saw me J think I should have conquered it, but if not, I oertainly should not have kept it to myself until this stage of our proceedings, and then plagued you like a spoilt child. I shall be as happy there as here-do you think it could be otherwise, when you feel about it as you do?-only this has been a haven of rest to me, as well as a most happy home, and you must let me have my little bit of sentiment about it.". " That's all right, then," said John Pem berton, " and youhave relieved my mind, for I haven't altogether liked your looks since we have been thinking about going home. I . will leave these with you," he laid his band on the papers on the work-table, "and you can look over them; I like the notion oflhe Royal Adelaide myself. She's a fine draft and the captain isagoodfellow." " You are not going out in this heat?" "No, it will be delightful by and bye, when the breeze gets up. I am going to write letters just now. I have to send down a packet by the coach." He was about to pass through the French window, which opened on the verandah into the house, when a voice calling "papa" arrested htm, and an oddly- assorted pair of companions turned the corner of the house and approached the verandah. They were a girl and a horse. A pretty girl of some 17 years old, with bright dark eyes, a fine complexion, and a profusion of glossy dark hair, which hung in thick curls under the shade of her wide straw hat, A noble horse, a grand specimen of the New South Walesrace, a roan, with black points, and full of the strength, speed, and courage of his oountry. He walked by the girl's aide as * nan or a dog might have walked, and When they came opposite the verandah the gttl laid her hand on his flowing mane, and baaed against him eaSilr. "We've.been looking for you, papa," she said. "We wapt to know about the ships; You've got the papers." "Yes; I've got the papers, and we will oonsult about them this evening." " Come and tell Dick and me about them now. ?'WeVe just going round the paddock," said the girL Ana her father stepped obe diently Cram the verandah to the lawn. IfsWhot for Mary." With a smile and a nod she passed on, her father on one side of her, on the other "Dick," with his soft black muzzle thrust under nor mo#. j When the gnrap was hidden from her b| the trees, Mis. Pemberton sighed deeply, and lay back in her chair, with Tier eyas dosed .nd her hands clasped on )ier lap. ' i "And I thought, 1 believed it was all dead andboried," so ran her thoughts. "I never feared the ghost would rise before me thus. Ihavebeen happy, I have forgotten; it has all rested undisturbed by the least movemsgt of memory for months and months at a time "-hut now! And what is It I fear! Good heavens I how weak I am! What is it! I mult ole*r these cobwebs out of my brain, lest th)»y: come between me and my hus band-n my kind husband, my generous husband, who took all my past upon trust, and never wavered in that trust Never- anything rather than thai I would take him at his word, and let him gtwjiiip the project he has cherished all these years; Mis, 1 would let him give up his re *- ^ ant; for he loves me better! id, than his project or his he wonld give them, up rather! should cross the dear light in '» and I have stood always, taoe to ails me! Itis.so so, with, and yet it came .atsnmsb . It came back Saintly the fimt leJohn spoke to me of a fixed Intention of going to England; It lias coma back with Increasing clearness and peoMoutfngstroiigth him? Cin it be? An 1 tbt siune woman ^tli^ a«hqrt time ago, «xidcaj»ble of i 8i I«m fall of m. superetitfouB dre&d.; I knojr not of what. I daa> not ask myself of what. % it only Jm1!?0* eecuti^rof flight which protected mo from myself ? Has all toy womatoly dignity failed mo, arid have the countless witnesses 0f my five years' life dropped out' of it into fbrgetfulness, S^the certainty of seeing the place wfiere he need to be has shaken me thas ? I surelymusthe 31, or this mero shadow of the ^a^-thatpast which waaitaelfja delusion S?1 faU nPOQ me thus! John sees it: it is laUuy; npon him too, and he never ques tions it, to know whence it comes. Was there ever trust, was there ever loyalty, like that true mans? 'I have not altogether liked your looks since we have been thinking of going home; those were his words jus®, now, hut under them no suspicion, no dis tnwt, not the smallest misgiving. And it is" v^&^stiisssesi made lum indifferent to things which con. cern the feelings only. No! it.is his perfect truBtwme; it is his absolute adherence to that batgam which we made, when he told me that he was well content In his life there was a. dead first love; why should he murmor berause there was a dead first love in mine ? Hewas satisfied with the love and faith I g&ve; him. And they have been true oh yes, God knowS they hiave been true; but his dead first-love lies under the ground, a peaceful beau^ful, perpetual memory, while the ghostof mine-walks." She had riBen as it were unconsciously, and stood with her hands, raised to her head, looking out before her, -with a searching gaze, as though her eyes were really seeking a figure upon a far-off shore. After a little shB let her hands JoU .uneasily, and came out of j her reverie. Then she collected the papers which John Pemberton had recommended to her attention, and went into the house. The afternoon wore on, and the delicious breeze of evening came to stir the trees and make them break -their languid silence, and to waft th® perfume of the flowers upon one sweet breath of incense to the vanishing ! day-god, before they should address'them selves to slumber. Quiet and seclusion were ' habitual aspects of Mount Keira lodge, bat they were peculiarly perceptible at this de- I Ughtfol hour, which its inmates loved the I best. The rhythmical stirring of the wind , in the trees has been for some time the only sound audible, when Ida Pemberton. and j her father come into the verandah, and Ida says, . : ".Tea on the lawn, papa, as usual, I sup-; pose? You will be back in half an hour." She held her head up listening. " I hear the coach nowthe distant ring of horses' hoofs waB, indeed, audible. " You will just catch it at the gate. There, I can't hear it now: it's in the dip." " I'll be off, then," said her father. " Mary wouldn't like to come to the gate, I sup pose?" ? "X think not; she is tired, I fancy, for when I went to look for her just now she was in her room, and when I knocked, she said she should lie down until tea-time.' "The voyage will do her a world of good." said John Pemberton, and then he walked away across the lawn towards the tree-shaded, avenne. A couple of servants came out of the house carrying a folding table and the tea equipage, and, gaily assisted by Ida, made preparations for thepleas&ntout-doormeaL; The girl flitted about in the summer even ing, in her white muslin gown and fluttering ribbons, like an animated flower, her final contribution to the arrangements was a huge bowl of roses, which she .set down in the middle of the table with a triumphal laugh. - "I suppose papa will tell as those are nothing compared to the English roses," she said. "Don't they look lovely? Now we should be all right if only Dick could sit down to tea. What's that? A shout I Papa's voice in the avenue." She paused for one frightened moment, caught the sound again, her father's voice calling, V Perry, Perry, oome here !" and ran off like a deer in the direction of the cry. As Id* sped along the winding avenue, she saw the man whom her father had called running across a field on the left ahead of her, and she made out in a annate or two chat the gate at the end of the avenue was open, that the coach had oome to a stop in the road opposite to it, and that a group of three persons, one of them her father, just inside the gate, were lifting or carrying some thing between them. She stopped, her heart beating with a strange terror, as their burthen became more distinctly .visible, and she saw a man's legs dangling helplessly over the arms of Perry, and could out a listless head lying against her father's shoul der. She stood still watching the hurried yet cautious approach of the huddled-ap figures, and saw that the two persons who accompanied them stopped to speak to one another for a moment, that one-of them ran back swiftly to the gate, and climbed up on the coach, which instantly drove off> while the othttrafter a word with her father, relieved him of his share of the helpless load. John Pemberton ran on in front, and was presently alongside of Ida. .' What is it, papa ?" she cried. "What has happened t' . ' Oome onr" he said, without an instant's pause. * A gentleman, a Btranger, has fallen from the CMoh-I saw the fall-and is quite insensible, dead perhaps." lHaranbieaBi. ' What's to be doner! "We must lay him down in the study, and wait until Dr.Grey comes,they have gone to fetch him. Go In and h&v;# tho toweK cleared, and oall the servants to help. I must tell Mary." , Ida ran on to ihe honsedoor; her father struck across the lawn. Bis wife was stand* ing by the tea-table, out of right of the avenue, and looked*at him smiling as he came towards her. All the trouble wasgone from >r sweet face, her eves werSSSffi uid the slight tinge of ooloor which she lacked to make her f^oe beautiful had oome to Jter cheeks. A wyntlli^ qf rich 8panish laoe lay upon her. .dark hair; In which she hadi plaoed pne of Ida's roses, and her dress, wbwh was black, hue of some trans parent material wMgh set off the beauty of her neck and augi^became her graceful figure well. .BBNmk. "'I think the BflKlagaide," she began-. "5 Jy, John, WMHMwbatter r othing to twHjlMwSaiear." said John Pemberton, buqnMHH^aupleasaiit, I have had to brinaMWfc nas met with an aocident up, hrfKBpMgl^ I got to the gate, as the ooachwajSgMiHgaL one of the passengers, wl " very HI. fell su< I from x nw fkh, Mmnpi must have been killed.' managed to pull up In and we got un up, and -bat: quite insensible. There mm nothing, to be done excei* to brins him here: oo one. on .the coachEaows anything about him! Wpodroofe is to send Grey op m quick as he can come from Randwiok. I ooula not avoid it, you pee." i Of course not, of coursernot; where ia he1 Are they carrying him up ?" " Perry, and. ? a man who was also on the. coach. bat jumped off to, help, and said he would stay to. see what bep&me; of the poor fellow, are earning bin. .Ida has gone to>' get the coach ui die study cleared ofmy rubbish. We mast pat him there till Grey sees him." , . " Let me go to hiai fit once." " I think yoa had better not* love. There's notbingto be dbne until the injary is ascer tained, and- the sight of hint might shock; you.":. .. . , -? ; " It tfon't, do that, John," said Mrs. Pern berton, moving toward*. the honse. "And henrost not be left to t$e'servants only." As they: were .crossing, thp yerandau Ida. came quickly towards them. "Papa," she said, "the other gentleman says the poor man is coming to lus senses, and most have brandy." "Of course," said Mrs. Pemberton, harry, ingon. "Get it, John. I will go to him." ? She, entered the stndy , alone. Threp persons were in the room. One was Perry, the gardener, who had helped to carry the sufferer, and was now standing at- the head of the coach on which he had de posited his burthen; the second was a man who knelt on the-floor beside the couch, with his back to the door, and gently fanned with a newspaper the face of the third, who lay extended at fall length, his helplessarmB byhis sides. On that face Mrs. Pemberton'p glance fell at once-on .that wasted fevet stricken face, soiled with the dostof the roaa, but not wounded, the eyeballs prominent under the closed discoloured lids, the cheek-boneb and the hollow temples showing gauntly under the tightened skin, the ipopth. drawn and shrunken, the dark ' disneyelUd hair falling back from the Jivid forehead. I She looked at the unconscious ?, figure, uttered an inarticulate sound, onheeded by either of the other two. intent upon the suf ferer's face, into which a gleam of life was straggling, put one hand before her eyes, stretched the other pat as if to ward off a blow, and was caught in John Pemberton'fe arms as she swayed heavily forward in the first fainting fit of her life. 