SYDNEY^ -: ' ' ; ' !:- fFBok OUE OWN CO'ltilEsi'ONDBira.1 ' ' : ? September 22. The last hope that the: ill-futed Dandanong did not go to the bottom when sho was lost sight of by tho-Albert William's, has hcon dis-. solved by the^ complete failure, 'of all this endeavours to find her'. An insignificant piece , of wreckage, and a few hats, aro all that has, yet been discovered. No' bodies have been washed ashore. Relatives are beginning to advertiso the passengers left on board the vossol as dead. ' Tho only things that remain to bo dono aro to loarn any lessons from tho disaster which may prevent its recurrence, and to succour tho living who havo boon stripped of their possessions, and bereft of theiv bread winnors by tho oveut. Tho nowspapers havo had plenty of suggestions from seafaring correspondents as to tho moans and appliances which would' have prevented both the foundering of the disabled ship and tho loss of life which took place, notwithstanding the arrival of tho barque upon the scene. It has leaked out that though there wero indi vidual cases of ,tho truest'heroism, there were other cases exactly tho roverse, and the manage ment ef the boats was anything but satisfac tory. If thoro had been a little more nous and a little more courage it is hard to believe that a single life would have been lost ; tho Albert Williams might have carried every, soul on board the Dandenong into Newcastle. But the disaster has happened, and tho charitublo in the threo ports visited by tho Daudenong — Sydney, '?? Newcastle, and ilelbourno — have applied themselves to tho task of mitigating the consequent distresses. As the Dandenong was owned in Melbourne, it is probable that the largest subscription list will bo raised thoro. In Newcastle tho amount is swelling up re spectably. In Sydney n early a hundred pounds has been sent to tho editor of tho Herald, and a small committee has been appointed to wait on the principal citizens for donations. A public mepting, convened by tho Mayor, was held on Tuesday evening, but was poorly attended. Thoso who wero present, however, showed a cupital example of liberality. It is impossiblo to test tho popularity of a charity by tho attend ance at any public meeting held to advocate it. Thousands who do not srrudsro their money grudgo theirtimo. A cheque is willingly spared but not an evening. Tho newspapers exhaust all thiit .can bo said for any worth)1 philan- thropy,' and tho oratory of tho public meeting becomes only a tamo or irritating repetition of well-worn platitudes. And no doubt the peoplo of Sydney will not bo back ward in contributing to tho Dandenong relief fund although they quietly declined to listen to tho oratory with which that fund was inaugurated. But for the tyranny of custom vory few public meetings would bo held in Sydney, 'i'ho object of most of them is either religious or philanthropic, but the attendance seldom reaches tho century. Tho familiar string of orthodox resolutions is usually carried in front of tho inspiring; pre«ence of. a ' beggarly array of empty bonches,' Such is tho heavyjstruin of city life on most of us that, if we go at at ull aftor tho day's work is dono wo want to bo entertained rather than instructed. This wook tho new immigration resolutions havo boon gazetted, and they differ importautly from' those previously in operation. Tho maximum ago is 50 instead of 35 as before. But tho principal- change lies in tho amounts to be paid by tho' immigrants themselves. From 60 down to 12 years of ago tho payment is to bo £2 per head ; from 12 down to 3, £1 ; below 3, nil. Tho paymonts may bo mado either in England to the ' Agont- Gonoral by the immigrants, ' or in the colony to Clerks of Potty Sessions by tho immigrants' friends. Tho Government will give them a i'reo passago to any part of tho'cblony' reachod by rail or Bteainboat. Thus, for £10 or £12 a wholo family can be transported from London to any part of Now .South. Wales.' This is less than half tho cost according to tho old regulations, without reckoning the free passage by roil or steamboat. Again, undor the old system Gorman immigrants were permitted ; now the basis is widened to include tho Continent of Europe, and the sole conditions are,— (1) That tho colony shall pay no, moro towards their passago than the average ruto from tho United Kingdom ; and (2) That not moro than ono - eighth of tho funds authorised by Parliament , shall be so expended. , Tho regulations also poi'mit one-fourth of such funds to bo exponded in promoting im migration from tho eastern portion of the United. States, provided that none of such emigrants be Asiatics, and that they contribute as much towards thoir passage as immigrants from tho United Kingdom. This reference to tho United States is in oonsequenco of the strong reprcson tations made by tho Exocutivo Commissioner at Philadelphia, Mr; A. Morris; according to whom the strugglo of life in tho Eastern States is nearly aB severe as it is in the older.Europoan Stutos, so that 60,000 p.coplo, of tho best work ing classes, would be only too glad of a chanco to orbss the Paoifio to Australia. Iu regard to immijrrationf rom thoUiiitcdKinsdom, strict at tention is to bo given to thb regulation that tho proportion of Engh'shmou.Irishmcu.aud Scotch men is to bo in amordanco with their propor tion1 in tho oxisting population of tho colony, as roveuled in tho last census. On the wholo, theso regulations are admirably in advance of tho old onos, and: wo may reasonably hopo that they will promote a greatly increased rate of immi gration. Tho most influential section of tho Press would have been glad if the Government had evinced courage bnough to havo followed tho recont oxomples of Quecnnlund and New Zealand, and endeavoured to ' precipitate the colony' by' an bxtonsivo and vigorous Byslem of freo immigration ; but Booing that tho atti tudo of the working' olasscs is so determinedly hostilo to; all immigration whatever, wo aro thankful for tho stops in that direction which havo just1 boon quietly taken by tho issuo of these now regulations. Sir Horeules Robinson's letter on tho turf created quite a furore- The Molbourno Argus had tho whole correspondence wirod on tho day of publication. Tho Governor is moro popu lar than^ Jevor. -The Ipnblio is making amonds for 'believing— which nearly ovory body did— the rumours about his heavy turf, gambling by going into gushes of admiration. Aside from tins last deliverance, Sir Hercules f is a charming leader of society. Broad in his yiowB, utterly freo from sectarianism or narrow ness of any colour, untainted . by meanness, thoroughly independent, without an atom of falso (JigiJty, courteous to ovcrybody, generous in his .charities, with Btrong and cultured literary 6)'mPa''hiosl frank and manly in his wholo domeiLUour — ho has given an examplo of attractive gon ^manliness to higher society — and tho woalth o* Australian higher Booiety 18 apt to outrun its £nanncrs — which must have wrought good. I nL\cd hardly add that tho publication of this oon'ospondenco .has given rise to a deal of town talk upon the turf and betting. It is agrotjd by everybody that tho ono vice of tho turf is betting ; but opinion seems to bo protty equully divided as to ? whethor tho Govornor or tho Herald and Argus arc.in tho right as to tho influence on betting of publishing tl o fluctuations of the betting lisfs'and the touting reports of morning gallops. But as most big nowspapors quietly assumo their own infalli bility, it is hardly likely that tho Herald and Argus will mend or chango their ways, even on tho advice of Sir Hercules Robinson. The' question, is a very nice one in journalistic casuistry. ; and, as Mr. Fairfax says, ' much can be said on both silos.' It has been hinted that ifall tho gentlemen in tho colonies who take an interest in sport would follow his Excellency's oxample, if tho directories of banks and other commercial companies, nnd tho heads of the chief mercantile firms, wotdd prohibit their employes ' from betting, aud if tho united Press would agree to suppress betting, lists and touting reports, thon turf-gambling would soon languish into decay, .horses would bo Tun in the true spirit of sport, the best horses would win, and the jookey clubs, in providing a- healthy pas time for tho people, would be regarded as public benefaotors. But that is only a paper .picture.; ' such a united effort to stamp out &? social vice can scarcely happen this side of tho year a.d. 2000. ???.?.. 'i . The number- of public houses licensed on tho 1st of July last has been published, in tho Government Gazette. Tho total is 2,406, which in round i numbers gives a public- house ? to every 250 of the. inhabitants. .'Fancy ,' says one of, Jthp ovening papers^ ',' a community of 008,000' people,' maintaining 2,406 butlers! Sydney district heads the.-'yst with CG8 houses,: Newcastle, with its colliery townships, has 105; Bathurst, has 93; and 1 so the list tapers down. It is computed that moro than a million of' money is spent annually- over 'drink' in ' Newi South Wales.. Tho license fees for the present year amount to nearly £75,000. Iu addition to the foregoing, about 250 wine licenses have boen . issued. Tho Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, who ' is spending a holiday in .Sydney, is advocat'ng tho popularisation of light wines as a drink admirably suited to the climate, and ono which', if Continental precedent goes for anything, tends ..wonderfully rto tho diminution of drunkenness. Whethor light wines would euro tho people 'of Now South Wales or not, two facts (aro plain : first, that ?drunkenness is increasing, and second, that the efforts of tho teetotallers to diminish it may bo. seriously ; compared' to Mrs. ; Partington's famous attempt to mop up the Atlantic. The eociaV problem is before us, but tho solution of it— whore is that? ' On Wednesday tho . artificial harborv at Kiama was opened for public use with great ceremony. It -was christened the ' Robertson BaBin,'' in honour of the Proir'or, by Miss Charles, daughter of Captain .Charles, the momber for' Kiama, and a ' thick and thin ' supporter of .the present administration. Thero were great crowds, loud rejoicings, plea sant festivities, and tho inevitablo banquet and speechps. The work wai' originally projected in 1844, but not actually commenced till 1801. Consequently, its construction has taken fifteen years. It has cost a total of-£74,140. The length of tho basin is 600 feet, tho width is 370 feet, and tho depth of water at low tide is 19 foot. It is amply sufficient for. all tho shipping trade Kiama is likely to have for many years to come, nnd will ajso provo serviceable as a harbour of refuge in stormy weather. At tho banquet the Ministry was specially honoured, and in nddition to a fow words from tho bluff old Premier, the Attorney-General, the Hon. W. B. Dally, mado a brilliant speech. It is vpi/ soldom now that Mr. Dally give3 his friends any display of his splendid talents as a speaKor, out he broke his silenco with a thoroughly characteristic speech at Kiama. Tho greater part of it consisted of an attack upon his ' old enomy,' Mr. Farkos, whom ho vivisectcdonce moro. No man in tho colony knows Mr. Parkcs' anatomy bettor than Mr. Dally, and tho giant has often winced vndor his deftly-handled lancets. At Kiama, Mr. Dally 'resurrected' onco moro ;Mr. Parkes' 'Kiama Ghost,' :i his happiest style, as follows:— Gentlemen, — Although I havo read with eager and UirillhiK intnrost Mrs. Crowe's ' NigUtsiao of Nature ' (laiiRUter)-a variety o£ works on deinono lofjy and witchcraft— (laughter)— and indeed hnvo a piotty fair acquaintance with tuo litoratnro of appuri tions— (lauRhtor)— I havo uevor, up to tho pvosout time, hud tlio privilege o£ visiting Kiama. (Roars ot laughter.) It mny seom to you that my lovo of tho supernatural, and my svinpnthy with Bplriti'illsm, aro uoth faint enough when I make this confession— (renowod.'luughter)— for at tho smallest uiorifico of timo nnd mouoy I might at any tiino, in a few hours, liavo piiBaid out ol tho roal worW ot Qosh and Wooa and lmmiiu passions into tliis land of shades and Fcpulchres. (Laughter und cheers.) Gentlemen, now that I havo scon this bonutif nl country, I am moro than over convinced tunt it is haunted ground— that it is n place of enchantments. (Chcors ) But it is hiiunted by tho spirit of beauty, nnd its enchantments urn thoso of tho most perfect loveliness of nature. (Chcors.) Not to ho.associatod with that dismal and dilapidated old Fenian spirit— (laughtor)— who was oueo conjured up in your midst, and who was sent upou a melancholy political mission to bo Sot over pursued with iuoxtinguisnablo laughter— (laughtor and cheers)— but to bo tho homo of all sweet and gouerous spirits, who brighten und onnoblo and mako joyous our human life j of thoso beautiful nnd beno volont fairies and croationB of tho older timo, of which tho groat Gorman poot spoko so nobly— ' Tho intolllgiblo forms of ancient poets— Tho fair humanities of old religion— Tho power, tho beauty, and tho majesty That had thoir haunts in doll or piny mountain, Or forest, by Blow Btrciim or poMjly spring.' (Cheora.) Thoso aro tho spirits which should for over huuut such a witchory ol lovelinoss as this, in which ' Kiama slumbors robed with miBt, All glittering in tho dowy light.' (Chcors.) Living politicians, oven though thoy bo fair, honest, liberal mon, aro scarcely In harmony with this tranquil beauty; but ghostly politicians, coming out of their graves to sow dissensions, inspire bus. ptclonu and mako ub all hato ono another, ought to bo uauished eternally from this lovoly plaoo. (Choors und laughtor.) ;; ,? . , / In the samo stylo of merciless banter, ho ridi ouled Mr. Parkes' habit of corresponding with tho . groat European ' politicians. ..He also strongly condomnodMr. Parko's.defonco of tho famous scone with which the debate on Mr. Fitzpatrick's motion of censure both oulmin atedand terminated. Ho then gave' his hearors a banquet of figures. Tlio caBh balances in the banks at : tho credit of tho Government on tho 31st August amounted to . £2,431,097 lls. lid. The rovoriuo , flouiishes more than evor; for during tho. first oight months of. tho present year,' it' foached tho enormous sum of £3,000,000, which is £673,000 in excess of tho corresponding poriod of 1875. Of this increaso, Customs gave £10,000, railways £54,000, telegraphs; £10,000, postago £15,000. £40,000 has beon recoivec trom conditional purchasers this year ovor tho amount rocoivod in tho first oight months .' of ' last ' year. It ? is expected that 85 miles of additional railways will bo opened boforo tho ond of' tho yew. Live stook for year onding March 31, 1870: 57,000 horsos, iuoroaso, 11,005 ; 3,134,080 horned . cattle, . increaso, 77,387; 24,382;530 sheep, increaso, 1,509,854. Tho doposits in tho Government Savings' Bank show an increase of about £30,000 : in tho Now South Wales Savings' Bank an Inoreasn of about £20,000. Ho also showed that thoro was a steady inoreaso in tho business of tho Post and Tolograph Do p;irtinonts,: in imports and exports, in shipping, und in goneral banking business. It is im possibla to grasp thoso figures without conced ing tho unprecedented prosperity wb'ch this colony is enjoying. Well might tho Premier say that the colony is passing through ' caBy times.' : Last night the Ministry woro ontortained at Kiama, and tho Promior vindicated his land legislation onco moro ; but tho particulars havo yot to come to hand: The Herald has been oritioising the alionalion of tho piok of Crown 'lands vory'vigorously lately, and rid doubt Mr. Robortson has specially replied to those strio turos. v Tho Promior and tho Herald aro ' dear cnomies.' 