DEA?r or AMERaCa2t GcaL.-American dirl,?ho died yesterday at Elmira, was a horse paore fortunate than the vast majority of mankind. Although she died young, even in the computation of equioelivp, her career was full of splendour and success. It was bright and swift, like a comet, and the time of her circling course was calculated with almost as much mathematical accuracy as the orbit of a celestial body. One quarter of a second wle as important to tbhe mea* surement of her speed as it would be in the transit of venus. She was waited upon like a princess; she lived in a stable which was more comfortable than many Italian palaces. When she appeared in publio it was amid the acclamations of admiring thousands, and she was worth $25,000, which is greatly above the commercial value of most men, excepting Oongre? men and legislators. Hler personal quaolilcatlaos ware excellent; she was gentle, kind, and modest; victory was never known to turn her head ; indeed, she oltep won by a neck, and, with more consistency thanmapy politicians, sels was never known to bolt. The death of American Girl, like that of Garrick, will sadden the gaiety of nations. So far as sorrow is concerned, the world could have better spared a better man. Where. ever the horse is loved this magnificent speimenof the race will be lamented, but regret will be softened by the superb dramatic effect with which her areer was closed. As it was figuratively said of Bart Chatham, Thaddeus Stevens, and other distin guished statesmen, so may it be literally said of her that site died in harness. Death and Gold? smith f.i I were almost the only brutes that could beat her. The old Queen of the Tarf has kept a full length in front of Death for nearly twenty years, till, baled in his attempt to catch her, he entered invisibly in tlhe Elmira races, and, mounted on the w.g. Pale Horse, mounted poor American Girl in the first'heat. This defeatbroke her heart; but let us hope that the rainbow which, according to the high authority of the Associated Press rested upon the head of the dying maoils typi" cat of her radiant future. If there is indeed a horse heaven she has gone to it. There she will meet with Bueephalua, with the horses of AhblUles, with B~l. aam's ass, Rosinanse, Dapple, and all the mighty steeds of antiquity, to sport with them in fields of im mortal bloom and feed upon celestial oata. The ghost of Alexander may be proud to mount and race her against all other quadruped shades, with infinity for a course and eternity for time. When we re* membea American Girl in her prima and all other good horses like Eclipse, Fashion, Flora, Temple, Goldsmith Maid, and the stallion Patchen, then t?e: terrible satire of Swift's " Gulliver," where he tells of the Houybnms, or horeas of superior reason, who had men for servants, seems deprived of much of its sting and bitterness. The inferiority of humanity to the equine race ceases to be so humiliating. Farewell,.. then, American Girl! May the moument whlbhi shall be raised to thy memory fitly celebrate ijy deeds and virtue! Well may it be said of thee, " Green be tile turf above the I" for in life never was there a horse who stepped more lightly upon itA N'em York Herald. , From an English religiousjournal, called Fhe Chris. lion, The IVesleyan Spectator (Victoria) extraets the following samples of peculiar advertising, with com.,. mentary :-" Nurse.-Wanted, a Christian yonng wod man (a believer) as nurse to an infant and four-other children. Wages, £20, all found except beer." One cannot but speculate as to the reasons why the" bes liever" is warned so significantly she must find her own beer. Is it that theo beer-imbibing capacity of previoua "believers" had to en found to be abnormal and soxes sie ? " Superior Lady's Maid wanted, about 80 years of age. She must be a first.class dressmaker, mlllingr, hairdresser. A humble, consistent Christian l-erson would boe greatly valued." This ndvertisment reminds one of the venerable and perplexing fallacy of Ejlime nides, the Cretan, and his assertion-that "All the Cretans are liars." A person who could answer this dvrertiement, and describe herself as a "haum ble and consistant Christian," would by that mnere faet prove that she was nothing of the sort, but a mere feV male Uriah Heep. What a queer combination, too, on the part of advertiser, of adesire for fashionable dresses and respect for Christian humility? The next ad. Verlisment suggests some awful and mysterious anat omical experiment. " Winchester.--Wanted, a man and wife, without family, to manage a British Woeek man about to'be opened. Wife must be a plain cook. References required as to Christian character." Here isan advertisement Dickens might have invented: " Walter Penrose formerly a costermonger, is open to engagement for Evangelistic Addresses. He ac companies his singing with his concertina." I con. fess myself unable to understand why Mr. Penrose puts in that clause " formerly a costermonger," ex cept lie means to hint that tile occupation of crying vegetables would naturally have strengthened his lunge, while the long process of battling with house wires over disputed half-pence would have sharpened his mental powers. That touch about accompanying his singing with " his own concertina" is irresistible. Another exquisitely Pechksnilin advertisement is about " a comfortable small house to let." After enumera ting the bedrooms, the cellar, the pump, the front and back untrance, and other advantages, it cnecludes : -" Preference to one meeting for worship simply on ground of Christian Brotherhood, and would eym pathise with Bethesda Bristol Liberty. Scope for evangelisation and edifying ministrations." Now, I thirst to know what on earth .",Betialda Bristol Liberty" is. Can any intelligent and benevolent reader who haile from Bristol, the hoabilal of this curious article, tell me P 