PASTORAL. In nearly all the pastoral districts the late rains have been very welcome. AVagga, up to the loth, had net partaken of them, but on that day appearances indicated the proba bility of an early fall. At Dubbo there are foretokenings of an early winter. The lands near the town still look bare, but strong feed is said to be obtained in the back country. Dorses and cattle in the neighbourhood are beginning to look verv thin. The late rains had done some geod in the neighbourhood of Bourke, although their effect upon the feed is as yet scarcely perceptible. At Forbes there has been rain, plentiful and continuous. Acceptable as have been the rainfalls about Narrabri, there has not yet been time for the country to rally from the severe sufferings the drought has subjected it to. Throughout the country travelling stock are returning to their own pastures, and the hope is vet entertained that tbe winter will not come in before the grass lias attained some growth. Intelligence from Hay, by the Standard of the 12th, represents that matters have not yet resumed their wonted activity in this district. The rainfall has put an end, for the present, to the wanderings of many flocks, which have tune d their faec6 homeward, and this will give the feed on the frontages a chance to revive. Heavy rain fell on part of Burrabogie run during the week, but none in our imme diate vicinity. Cheering intelligence comes from the back blocks lying between the Lacblan and tbe Darling ; service able showers were of frequent occurrence, and all tanks and surface wells bad been replenished. 4020 fat sheep have | Marled from Boondara, for Melbourne, E. Sheridan in | charge, and will probably cross at Hay during the coming | wetk. A mob of fat cattle numbering 22S head crossed at , 1he ford above ihe Hay bridge yesterday; they are Mr. [ John Peters', from Walgears station, Lachlan River, I Mahaffy in charge, aud are intended for the Sandhurst l maiket of the 2nd May. 10,000 store sheep passed down j on the south bank of the river yesterday from American | Yards, Tumbermnba, travelling to the Darling via Bal [ ranald : Holmes, Wright, and Co., owners. The sale of Messis. R. C'hiruside and Co.'s Kurugubah or South Tho nonga station has been completed, Messre. Russell and Co. being tbe new propriel ors. It is rumored that Clare station, the property of tbe Hon. AVilliain Campbell, is sold ; no pur chaser named. Satisfactory delivery of tbe AVardry runs was given to Ihe new owners, Messrs. Mills and Neillson, on tbe 1st. instant. Our llilston correspondent furnishes us with the following items 4600 Btore wethers, from AVagga, belonging to Messrs. J. and R. Clarke, owners in charge, passed Ilillston on tbe 3rd, for the Lower Darling. 4500 wethers, belonging to J . E. Pearce, passed Hillston on the 6th, for his station, there being plenty of feed and water thereon since the rain. 5600 mixed sheep, belonging to Messrs. 'W. and D. Kenny, passed Hillston on the 7th, Mr. T. S. Middleton in charge, en route to Nunthurungie station, Darling River. 7000 breeding ewes, belonging to Messrs. AVetiouhnll, from the Murray, Mr. H. B. Kelley in charge, passed Hillston on the 7th, proceeding to AVerche liba station. It is reported from Wagga. by the Express of the loth, that this d'strict has not yet had the welcome fall of rain which the accounts received from various parts of the colony have led us to anticipate. After a war oi day on Wednes day last, the clouds gathered round on the following morn ing, and all appearances were in favour of an actual break ing up of the drought. Still appearances were again deceptive, only one or two light showers fallinr. At the present time (midnight), the sky is threatening, and in accordance with the old proverb, we may hope that the rain, so long delayed, will now come. AVe learn from Deniliquin, by the Chronicle of the 13th, that the only fat 6tock proceeding through here for market have been a mob of fat cattle, 150 Hanlon's, which went by on Tuesday for either Echuca or Sandhurst. The other crossings have been store sheep, which passed northwards. On Tuesday, 3000, Cameron's, from Toorangabby, for Moulamein; 800 ditto, for Walker, Conargo; 200forTolan; and 659 for B&llantyne;, of Tocumwal. We hear of very few sheep being on tbe road. On the 2nd, 2000 of Darlot's left the station. None were reported as crossing at Hay last week down to the 5th. Pleasant rains are reported at Balranald, Hay, and Hillston, and travelled sheep are reported having returned to back blocks. On the whole, stock are said not to be so bad, as feed was very good a mile off the frontages ; all that was wanted, which has now come, was water. By the Dispatch of the 14th it is reported from Dubbo that* the weather up to Tuesday was fine. The mornings and evenings are getting colder, and there is every sign of coming winter. . The country around Dubbo looks remark ably bare, especially near the town, but it is said there is good strong feed out back. AVhere there is feed, however, there is no water, and where there is water, no grass. Cattle and horses are beginning to look very poor and miserable; and if they are now so appearing, how much worse will they look when winter in all its severity sets in. We are frightened there is a remarkably bad time ahead of us. However, we ran only hope that the future will turn out more cheering than it at present promises. On every side rattle and sheep are travelling for sustenance ; and, in very many instances owners find it more profitable to keep stock at home instead of sending them on the roads ; as they say there is no feed at home, but there is none to be got in travelling — so, of the two evils the least is chosen. Say what we will, affairs are serious in many parts of the dis trict, and if a change does not take place very soon we are afraid that the end will be anything but pleasant to con template. AVe may say, though, that the Macquarie front ages, from here to the Lower River, are far better off than could be expected ; but the travelling stock which are moving about will soon clear off the new feed which springs up consequent on the rains. The Dubbo district stock items are not very numerous this week. 1650 sheep (Durack's), bought from Messrs. Turing, New Martliaguy, passed for Bathurst on AVednesday. 5000 sheep (Sullivan's) from Rock Forest are en route 'to Cowja, Bogan River. 750 store bullocks (Towns and Co.'s) are here, in charge of Parker; they are from Charters Towers, Queensland; R. G. Goodisson (Powers, Rutherford, and Co.), agent 300 mixed sheep (Britton's) from Bogewang, passed Gil-, gandra on Thursday (to-day), for Sydney, in charge of Murphy. The 'latest intelligence to hand from Bourke, by the Australian of the 8th, states that at the Bulloo River the drought had at last broken up there on the 22nd March. The rain descended steadily with a stiff breeze from the N.E., and lasted ahout two hours. On the 23rd it rained some six hours during the day ; while on the 24th we had very heavy rain, which filled a great number of small water holes and creeks. The rain was general. The almost total absence of any travelling stock is attributable to the want of sufficient rain, as although the stock on the back blocks may be in condition to travel, the absenceof sufficient grass either on the frontages or roadside prevents any movements of importance. The various reports we hsve received state onr neighbours are no better off than ourselves. A corres pondent writing from Winnalabrinna, part of the Toorale station, states that three-quarters of an inch of rain fell there on the 26th instant. The Forbes report, by the Times of Saturday, states that the drought appears now to have been effectually broken. On Wednesd&y; evening it commenced to rain steadily, and continued with but little intermission for about twenty hours. Even now it looks as though more would speedily follow, and although a vast amount of good will accrue from what has fallen, there is a generally expressed desire for more. In fact It seems as though we conla hardly have enough of it, yet with tanks and dams full, and gran growing ae feet as it can for the time of the jeer, we have certainly got all we can reasonably expect. Intelligence I from many correspondents between the Lachlan and the I Bogan informs us that they got the rain we had ten days I ago, and it is to be hoped they got that of AYednesday as j well. At all events, we hear more cheering news from all i quarters, and if the frosts hold off, there will yet be an abundance of winter feed. All the travelling sheep have gone back to their own qnarters, and the next movements we may expect will be those coming on for market. There is news from Narrabri, by the Herald of the 13th, te the effect that there has bern a change in the _ weather that should have a most beneficial effect. Last winter this side of the country wes not so badly off for feed, the supply of native clover having been full, and the rains then did not set in until a fortnight later than they now have done. It? would, doubtless, be premature as yet to speak with any certaintv as to the prospects for the future, but so far' everything would warrant the c occlusion that the drought has broken up and better times were before us. It is earnestly to he hoped that such may be the case. None engaged in business of any description care to make too much parade of their losses, but it is unquestionable that very many large and small owners of stock nave suffered so severely that recovery, in all cases a tedious process, must in some prove hopeless. Could the death-rate of stock of all classes be correctly ascertained it would astonish even Mr. Buchanan. In proof of this we are reliably informed that in many parts even the kangaroo tribe are lying dead in numbers, and the survivors are mere bags of bones with only the ghost of a hop left in ihem. Passings, as may be sup'poEed, are not ulcntiful. On Saturday a mob of between 50 and 60 horses for the Palmer slipped through quietly, giving no particulars. 180 fat beasts^ S. Hoskisson's, from Gerah, Boodle in charge, came in to Molly this evening ; they are to be supplemented by a score more off that station, and proceed to Sydney. To-morrow, Thursday, about 1500 head of stores will leave Molly for Gerah, in charge ef James Skuthorpe. No other items to hand. ? ? 