THE STORY1TELLER., UNDER A CURSE I 'The village of Lisdoon was once as pretty a place psany in all Ireland. It was not big enough to be called a town; andt so have fallen into decay; it w-as bigger than a "close," aldso had a certain amount :of pride in keeping itself trini and clean. - In thle way of publie .buildings, the village could only boast:of two, the chapel cn one of the outskirts, atnd the police bar racks at the other end. Perhaps. however Sthe'piubiic-hdrise ini ihe centre of the place, wihl a broad green before the door; h'sd as Aood aright aseither toube calle]a a" public" building. Gdrtainly, thoughi there was no great amount of drinking in Lisdoon, tlhe visits to tlie ptiilic-hdunee were more mn ntunber than those of- both chapel and barracks combined. : , .., In the year-now twenty years ago, Jisdoon was at its very brightest -,Never before,had there been so mriny weddings anid merr3 -inakih'g, never betore had the p'ulblic-lhouse done so good a' trade. " Yis," said the landlord, as be stood at the door one eventig, when the glory:of August was ftlshing all the ky, and setting the west in a blaze, "Yis, it's been the btst stnimier for bisniiss I've known for twenty years. An' it's: triot all over :yit. there's hIonor Blake aii' Tom'BBirke been married yisterday, and they're comi': here to-mior row to hoould their bride's.play," " - "TLo-nmorrow !" replied the publican's crony, the schoolmaster, wvho stood last outside the door. -''To-imorow's Sunday. Doesn't the priest ohjct tot these merry nakitigs on that ,day ?" ".is; of cour:e, tihat's his business. 1But Tom Burke an't Phil Sheridafi, hez best main, bez set their hearts on to-mor row, an'-an'2--let the priest go whistle.' The schloolmaster gave a comical twist of his face. - "He'll "bewhistliing about some of their Sbeads with his riding whip, I'll go bail," he said, with a laugh. "The last bride's play you had heie on a Sunday he said woiuld ble the last, if he were to die for it.? And you know Father Haurahan. isn't like poor Father Magee, that thiettened but never performed,.:and let. the boys do justl as they liked,so long as they didn't go beyond getting drunk and bheaking ahead or two." " True foir ye Mr. bISullivan," replied the publican, with just a tinge of bitterness in his tone. " Poor old Father Magee, • the Lord rest his sowl. It's himself that used to go rounid the back. lbanin' ofa \- Sunday evenin' for fear he'd see any of the boys about the green." "No backloanins for Paiher' Haurahan," said the schoolmaster, with another comic look. " He's determined, he tells me, to fight to the death against the vice that's been allowed to rnn riot in the parish for years," "Ht, tut, e tt imes of it we're goin' to have indeed," exclaimed the publican, pow thoroughly enraged. " Young grawla comin' down here, pipin' hot from college, to vilify us all. What wuz goo] enough. for Father Magee-the heavens be liis bed this night-isn't good enough fior' Faiher Ilaurahan indeed ! Oh, I ca'nt stand it." ' I don't quite; like all this fuss myself, I can tell you. But whisht now, here comes Sally the voteen, ;as busy.asivir with her beads, but havitn' enough.room in the tail of her eye 'to take us both in.: She'll be after telling Father Hauiahan to maorrow that 'she saw uie coming out of theli 'public-house,' or herd' me plotting with you about this bride's play.:"." . "As well be killed for a sheep as, a lamb," said the publican, after Sally_ had passed, w·ith her head be~nt so low as apparently not to see them. Just come inside an' have a wee drollof Jamaeaon out ol the green bottle, ye know." - The schoolmaster glanced round. Sally was fast disappearing, in her gliding! way, at the lower end of the village, and no one else was in sight.' "Well,I-I think 'll just have a diop; a johnny or so, befoe I go home," replied the schoolmaster, as. he slid in neatly' between the publican and the door post. "Ia's begiining to get chilly .i` the evenings now." : In another moment the two worthies had disappeared into the publican's: cosy back parlour, in which, in Ir;sh fashion; a bright fire was'burning, though it was only in August. On the morrow, the Sunday, there was a tmighty bustle in the street of Lisdoon. 'l'lhe blakes' were there in score, the' Iturkes in 'ifties, were thiere while there as in addition the usual crowd that flocked to the chapel for miles arounld. Presently, as the bell had nearly ceased itsanoi-y liinkling, a couple of cars were seen deecending the hill at the break-neck speed usual whenever bride and bride groom mnade what is called their "appear anlce." " Hurroo!" shouted the Blakes, as the cars drove on the green, and the bride was seen, clad "orIebtsly " Isn't she the raale downright beauty? Htrroo the Blakes for ivir." The Blmkes looked glhm an instant, tlhen they burst out, ".Isn't he the broth of a boy, with a leg tliat'd fit the lordLeftnani himself? The Jlmrkes for ivir! :IIurroo, hurroo!'" "There, boys," said Pl'hil Sheridan, standing up on the seat of the second car, " we musn't make a ntoise (now; it'll anger the priest." Then to the jehu-"Drive o, Mlickie." MIickie drove on, and presently the crowd streamed down the hillide towards ihe chapel.. When the priest saw the closely packed swhlteriing congregation before him, and -when-he saw through the naked open win dows that there were asmany people out side as in, lie was anything but pleased. " The Blakes anid the Burkes are here fromnt the whole of the barony, I do believe. And they're awkward boys to deal with," he muttered to himself, "but with the Ltrd's help I'11-conquer themn." . SWhen the service was over. the priest slidke a few words to the people. ' Boys," said he, in a solemn tone, ".I call upon you for the love of God and the l.iei-edl Virgin, for our souil' sake, to keep away from the public-hlouse and all its al-' ,Ilrinents on this blessed day. You who I clung to me I command not to go near it. lly curse lbe on all who disobey." The people within heaitbg of his words were- deeply impressed and most of them, when they gained the open air, slunk away home, But if all the parish had gone 'home there was still the great army- of the outsiders, persons who did not feel the same fear ofa strange piiest as of their own. "They didn't belong to himnt," the said, " and they wouldhave the ftun they came Sso far for, let him preach as he pleased." ".An' as for me," .said Phil bberidau, " whither .I belong to himn or.not I won't break my word. Besides, I[ think if it wasn't wrong when -poor Father Magee was here, it can't be wrong now.". Phil was the son of a fairly well-to-do farmer just outside the village, and was accus tomed:to speak his mind-perhaps a little too freely. The boys gave him a cheer. Then the whole, of the wedding-pa'iy, with its friends and the whole of the Bla~ki and Itirkes, started for the .green. I lessthan half an hour the fimn was at it's maddest, merriest part, and the maddest, merriest of them all was Phil- Sheridan. The affairhad been arranged byhimr,-andl as he looked round the green.he was proud of his 'success. HIere,in the middle of the green near where he stood, a party was busy with a country, dance, behind them half a dozen of the stranger boys were huirling the stone; at one side some were running' in. sacks, some chaiing a pig with a greased tail; arid at the otherside the younger fry .were busy ai leapt rog, while near themn a party of tile elder unrmarried.were tryiigto tire out each other in a dashing jig. Sheridan -was about to join these nlast, when suddenly he shivered as if a chill hand had been laid upon him. "I--I feel so mad to- day, I hope there's no evil goin to: haipen me," he :muttered, as lie stood still ,'' oldt Judy's often: told me that it's whlien wie'ie hottest were surest to get a coolin.' Biutwhy"-nwith bitier vexation- ' why here's Father Haurahan !i' Scarcely had the lasi words left his lips when the people of the green became as if s'pell-bound. The jig was stopped, the country dance cut short anyhow- the ihrowing, the racing, anrd the leap frog were instantly things of the .past, Like sheep the crowd begari to hiddle together' as the'priest drew neiar ridin~g a powerfil mare anl cairrying in'his hand at formidable riding wlhip . .:: : "L Hontie with yolu,, every oie, ye'dis obedient wretche" bhe cried as lie lifted the whip threatening'ly. "' Yo.u who are strangers here ought to be .elsewhere: on this day and you who?belong to me.and hai e disobeyed me are under a curse." Instantly women be'an to huddle 'on the wrappings they-had discarded to-make them light for the dance, and even some of the bb'sa be'ain to ildor thtir friezes. Buti a godd part of them ,clubbed together and began to mutter sulkily. As the. prliest saw this, he dro?e :the spurs into his mare and dashed. among them . "1Oh, Father Haurahan! oh, i priest dear !" came from the boys as they fled on all hides to escape the stinging lash of the ridiilg whip, "Oh, priest dear ! Soggarth arooai l Ii? less than a minnie the rebels were reduiced to three,. Torn Burke; a Blake from the 'flext parish, and Phil 'Sheridan.' Phil Sheridn,, you are at the bottomn of all this,' cried the priest, as he advancel towards him; "you have been the cause of all this rebellion. Dawn on your. knees, and beg God's pardon and mine before the poor fools you veled: into.evil!" S"I'il beg no man's pardon, Father Hatirahanf' I won't go downon my knees to you," replied Sheridan, feiercely; an' if you raise your whip tome, I'll ---" Iefore he could Tnish his spieech, the priest raised his whip and b?ought it "down' with' iall his:' force. Sheridan .steppied qiicklf aside, the end of the lash touching his cheek.' , -Quick as lighining" Sheridan seized'the lash of the whip and "napl;ped.. it. out of the: hand of the, priest.' 'Then swinging it roundl .his head as if in a rage beypond control, he struck'out wildly at the !pnriest uttering the while an ;iuarticulate cry as of abeast. : - : . The priest instinctiirely ducked from the blow, ,which descended with: tremendous force onitheback of the mare- :! . :: Instently she reared uprighit, 'gave one fierce" plutig 'forward and fell on her head. l'Le priest shot from her back as if hurled from' sling,- stiruck heavily against the upping stoie in the centre of the'green, and lay quite still. . . Sheridan stadgei?d back as ifdrunki: H" Tlie priestis dead thep?i?st is 'dead !" shouted the croed as they closed i n i bho - rifled amazement. r ., i,,. 'khe mare .staggered.ito her feet,, and stooped over the fallen priest.. ithen; al most as if she had.sprung out:of the earth, Sally.:the voteeny appearedl in the midst;: For a' inoment she' too, stooped bver the bodyi, ihen spraiog upright and threw up her arm's. " Ye! the priest is dead! the priest is dead!i and there is his inUirderer," she cried, poirling, to ,the dazed man 'who stood, alone;: ",Phil Sheridan.I fromn this day forth you, and yours are u·nEa A? cuase." ' I" I-I-- it was not my fault,!' stammer ed Sheridan;: . : , , " What :yon dare to excuse yourself!" cried S.lly, ad if a denooninng priestess of the Diruid'. '.t Boys, are our priests'to be murdered beforre our eye', 'ad 'the"inuir derer go free?" ... . . :' He has killed the priest! ,He is undeir a curse! Down. wiih him! Kill him " shouted the crowd.,' A hand gripped Sheridan's elbow,:and glancing .round he saw the white face of the biride in whose honor he had' worked so hard.'.: "Fly !" she whispered qnickly, "here, this way !". And throwing her'arms be fore her ai if to shield him, she dashed through the thirinest part of the crowd. Sheridan followed cloIsely and ipresently he founid himself. in the garden of the public-house, and' heard the cries of the people change into yells of. disappointment as they found he had escaped.. ,lie stopped a moment to take breath, then gitlphing down the heart throb that ros'e in his throat, leaped the garden fence and fled across the fields. No o.ne of the. people' of Lisdoon. ever saw him u gain.' ... I . Alas, how quickly ten years pass in the lifetime of even the youngest of ·us, yet what great events maynot happen in the time! How nmany an idol does not ten years bring to earth, how many a treachery lay bare, what rising and falling of nationa. what wars and rumours of wars! In great cities ten years of progress bring about wonderful transformnations; broad streets of palaces spring up where hovels once crowded, great bridges appear with almost fairy- like rapidity, massive qlsays shut in the swelling river, or line the shores of our forsaken creeks and bays, while inland the houses spread so quickly that they seem like acme great monster fast devouring the green herbage. - In little villags, such places as Lisdoon, however, ten years usually pass very quietly and with little change. The old ones of the place may have become a little older, or one or two may have quietly dis appeared to their long rest, the young ones may have grown to manhood and woman hood, and some of them may have taken the cares of life uron tlem. but the place looks generally little changed. A visitor who had been in it ot old would say it was exactly as he had seen it at first. Christmas Eve,.186-, ten years and four months from the day the priest lost his :life .on the village green, a traveller wns.springing eagerly .up the side of the hill, from the top of which Lisdoon ecu!d be seen. .He was a straight, stout, well built man, with bronzed face and- sinewy limbs. In his harid he carried a stick, and on his shoulders"a knapsack was stripped. . "tr fuiw miuies more and I shall see theold.place," hlie said in a low, pleased tone to lhimself, "ithat is if that big rain cloud keeps off a little longer." As if to- malke sure of bhisai tnegsighi he lon ied for, the traveller quickened his pace,qand in a few' miniutes niore was on the higher part of the road and looking down the valley of Lisdoon, . " Why!--twhat!'!: he exclaimed, as he looked round to make sure that he hadhot mistakeri his road, " Lwhere is the village ? I-I-haven't gonewrong. This is Donore Hill, nd there. shoild be: Lisdojn. Ah, that rain cloud is on me at last.' . As he spoke the heavy cloud from the west swept up the valley, borne -o.the. wings of an Atlantic gale, and soon :the night was as dark as niht might be. :.: The traveller leaned on his stick in. strange agitation for amoment, then grasp ing it firmly, and buttoning his coat tightly around' hin, plunged into the: iowling storm. Again and sgain as he descended the hill, down which the bridal party- hbagal loped, o.gallan:lythat Augustday, ..the shrieks of the blast seemed to him full of the wailing of human being', and :mon strous shapes seemed to swim before his eyes in midst of the blinding rainm . " Why, surely,". he said, with a queer smile,? "why, surely, I've been out in many a wor.,e night, and never dreamt of ghost or goblin' tuntil now, And-and--? that rvs't have'been a huiman cry! . He pause'd, his face.black as riglit ". " But he -didn't cry !" he'muttered to himself,, after a while, " and what. a .long tale.I shall have to tell. :It's just the night to sit gossiping roundthe..fire."' .;.: *, . *Swish came a ter ific burst of rain full in his face as if to stophis- meditations;. and shriek through his hair went a howlin' blast. ' He leaned forward to withstand the storm when, suddenly, his toe caught some thing in his path, he tripped and fell. SHis fall wias no easy one, for it was over a large block of stone, and for a moment or two helay quite still, unable to rise. .. As he scrambled to his knees, he glanced around. The last strong gist seemed to have torn a rent in the rain-cloud, and, to have let in a little light. : * " Lord of Heaven !" he cried hoarsely, " it's the murderous stone on Lisdoon green, and hhere. he, Father Haurahan was--ws--killed !" He sprung to his feet and was about 'to fly, whither he cared not, as it were away from.the horrid place. . "Ha," said a voiceat hiselbow-a voice full of cynical bitterness-"you've stum bled over the old stone, have you? Well, you're not the first, nor perhaps' you won't be the last. Oh"-with a lagh'-" it's ai capital fellow to bring travellers short up at the oldinn." At, the souid ofa.human voice all the traveller's innate courage returnedl. . ' b Why, ye, the old: inn," he said, !it ought to be somewhere. "But I've lost the, lie ofthe land.".: The old ma--for it was an old man that had addressed the traveller--drew near. .He was'shakiig in every iimb as if: ,with'age, ague, and want, and round his :shoulders, was: wrapped d a raggid coat of frieze that might once: have warmed a squire, but was. now, si full.of holes' and Sdarns that'it was hard to say if i: had now. left in itany warmth at all. ":. "Oh,;: you've, been. here before then-!? said:the old man.' -.: - " Ten years ago.'' "Ten years!' echoed 'the old man with a start. ' : : . . _ ' . . '" Yes," replied the stianger, coolly, and! is if trying to coit:' up 'the . exact time. 'yes; and I rteembe they .told~ e esoe thing, at the ' iinhee about a' priest SM.Who fell off his;horse..and broke; his heck here at this stone l', exclaimed the old. man, quickly. -. ; . ; J .;:-, " Murde'ed they said, I think." .. " It was no murder!" cried the old man, fiercely. "It" was 'only- but 'that is nothing to you. : ou: wantthe' ihn there is no .in here !" : Yes Yo,WVait a minute ,'an see; for yourself.:, The wind that broigh tthe rain. is clearing the sky. .:Wait, and see all that ,remains of Lisdoon.'. . : ' : '"All:that re'n.ains!" echoed the,trav veller asbhe'leaned 'heavily; on'his stick, .:what has happeined to the place?" ' SA shrill blast was lis' reply, arid then, as if a curtain had. lifted, the tail of the' rain cloud -rolled, away, anid .the place where Lisdoon had. been. laid open to the sky., . . '"Ami I mad or dreaming? ' cried-tlih traveller in a strange and unearthly voice after .he ihadz gazed around. bewildered, and saw only hedgerows and fields where once hou es had stood-" what fiend has been at work -hre?"' ' S"Ay, what fiend, indeed," said the old man, bitterly. " This is the new lard lord's, 'the great enterprising millionaire's work." "Ay, ay, tell me the story !"' cried the traveller, as he gripped the old man's arm and peered eagerly into his face. "Ten years ago-" " "len years ago !-' echoed the traveller. "Yes, why do you start ?" " '* Oh "-with assumed coolness-" I was here then, I told you." "Y'es, yes. Ten years ago, the very day after that-that-accident to the priest, every man in the townland of Lisdoon had notice to quit. :T'hey wasn't much alarmed at first,. for the- bailiff said the new.landlord only wanted to make some new arrangements.- But it was all a lie, a devilish lie, to keep the people quiet; and when the time came the crowbar did its work. In one day every house in Lisdoon was level with the grountid, and now the plough goes over the hearths." " And the pebple-what became of them p' "Oh, they-what matters? 1Iost of them went to their long rest in the chapel yard, some helped to fill the poor-house in the town, some went to the war in America." "And-and-the youth that killed the priest-do you remember his name ? What became of him ?" "Do I remember his name ?" cried the old man. "I-I-am his father. He is dead and gone! dead and gone !" The old man buried his face in his hands but when he looked up again, his .eyes were red with rage but not with crying. They hunted him away," he cried, "they hunted him away! But look "-pointing to where the village had been-" I've had my revenge. The millionaire paid them well for all." While the old man was speaking, a throe of agony seemed toshake the traveller from head to foot. His companion must have seen it but that he himself was so deeply moved. "Are you sure," said the traveller, hoarsely, after he had somewhat recovered himself; 'Are you sure your son.is dead ?" " Am I sure," echoed the old man, with a bitter laugh; "Am I sure that Phil's dead? Why if he'd been alive at the North Pole he'd have written to me." "And he never wrote after he es caped ?" "Never; he is dead and gone dead and gone!". . The old man seemed to lapse into a sort of semi-idiocy as he murmured to himself, "dead and gone! dead and. gone!" The traveller opened his arms as if hie would have embraced someone, then drop ped'them liniply by his side and gioaued. Sundenly the old mian looked up. " Why did yout groan ?" he asked "I am tired, I am-sick, I am hungry," replied the traveller, wearily. "No inn here now to help you," replied the old man, with a laugh. • , "Cannot i go home .with you ?" ' "Home with me! home with me!'" murmured the old man with a chuckle of delight. Then Ptojiping hiiaiself, aid :bel ccimiing Ku'ddenly "quiet-i" Oh-- ah -.e, you can Bcome honie with me, PIve niir yit turned ~itravelleir awayfri`a' my.iddor, and y~ou :shbant be turned away, thoughb'it's onlya bhush IPve got to close it now. Yes, you maycome home with me.'' As the old man spoke he steppedfor ward and led ihe way, the traveller follow ing silently. . ' " l They paised along what had once been the stfeet, until they reached the chapel, stil!sftandiid g gaunt~ agafisa t. the sky. IRouid i?:i fence. of the ,chapel-yard the old iia?l. led the way" utilthey came to the rear of the buiding wheie he sbtopped. "Thisis iy home " he said, as he pointed to a shed half.wood halfho s?ods erected against the .fence.' Then ,he .stooped:aind dived .into :the ~arkiess. The travellei shivered either with shame, disgust, or.lear, but plunged in boldly after his host . .,; When he entered it was.some moments before he could make out- anything buht.,e' red.of the fire on the hearth. . .. ;: ".Mary :raryv asthore,'"said the old man as he advanced to the fire, and laid his hand' upon the shoulder- of something croueching oPersit-'- lre brough you lhomeea lodger. Stir yourself, mi colleen, and :get him a seat." . SThe voice of the old woman muttered something in reply. . Then a.bent figure rose and moved along one side of the room. Presently it returned, and placed a large sized turf boss bhefore the fire - "Faitihe, failthe," said the old cracked voice; "' failthe, whosoever you be.; It's a wild night outside..' "Indeed it is," said the traveller, in a voice-that shrook with some strong emotion. * The old woman halted as if to listen, then from one corner of the place came the wild cry. of a dog, and next instant a hound, starved looking, grimi, shaggy, and old, leaiped on the traveller. . "Down, Lion, down,": shouted the old man, .as the traveller patted the dog's head a moment,. then pushed him away; it's no robber, Lion, we need'nt fear robbers now."' "Not till he comes home,: not till he comes home," said the old woman. "Dead and gone, I tell yon hie's dead and gone,',said the-old man, relapsing into.his semi-idiotic ways, and both apparently for getting the presence of te.the raveller,'f Don't be a'fool, Maureen, don't be: a fool." " Have you got anything to eat ?" asked the traveller, suddenly breaking in on their. clatter, Anything will do for me, though I will pay well for it"'- And he opened a' well-filled purse and handed a sovereign, to the old'man. Thie e) es of the woman glistened savagely, and the old: man's eyes grew red, as they had done at the fatal stone on the green;. "We-have nothing," replied the woman,' turningaway her eyes as if the sight of: the gold: was .too much for her, "nothing, nothing." - " Then can I sleep anywhere ?". :*" Yes, yes," replied the old man, with sudden assiduousness. " You can have our bed to-night. We'll find a place somewhere, we'll find a place somewhere." : • Picking up apiece of blazing fir -from the lire; the old:man led the way to a kind of inner room. Close to the wall: was a sort of shelf, on which was spread the-last remnants of what was once a decent bed. : " Tiht is the best we've godt,": said the old man, aasthe traveller in 'utter siledne threw of liis coat, flung his heaiyboobts into a' coar ner' and lay doin, drawing part 6f the bed clotlhes over him. Thle old man's eyes follob?ed the cli'at greedily it contained the pocket-bbook or purse so well filled with gold. The travellei cauglit thie look, bit he:'tuiried his face away with'a groan anid lay still. , Scariely had (he o'bld man left the room wheni there wiss' sound odf light footsteps entering and the: dog leapedon the bed with a lowrcry of joy.': The traveller put out his arims, and,,clasing it to his hear?, burst into tears:,: ... An '-hburni after midnighlt 'the twobold-peo ple were still cronchitg over theofire. They tad driiarwi rery close togetlher, and in 'their faces were the snmi 'looks Witliwhich they gazed 'at tlhe traVeller's piirse. " It shall'be ours," niutiired the old main; !' I'll'di the deed, aso' who'll be theo:worse" of it ? He'll sleep a soft "bhowgh' and hcver know." ?. .. "'Is there, "is theie. nio Way withioupt mur . ?" "',-. ' . . mrIi si i € " Murder, you were going tosay. Well, if there' isn't, what niatter ? Don't they all talk "of old Phil as a 'mnurderer, that never done the deed; an' don't they say we're under a curse?" "Yes, yes, but still he sleeps so quietan' it seems so cruel." H" e'll: sleep' quieter after this," .replied the old man, in a whisper, as he rose to lhis feet and held hbedire her eyes a knife such Sas drovers use.. - "-I've 'sharpened it often enough, for I've had in'othin' else to do I've had.nothin' else to do." The old woman put out her arms as if to stay him, but next moment lhe was gone. Presently, asshe listened, she heard the thud as of a knife striking into sdme soft body. followed by a low groan. Then the old man appeared before her, the knife red with blood in one hand, the coat in the other. He flung down both before her. "It's done, done easily," he muttered. "Find the money." The woman lifted the coat, and seated herself on the box. Then, with nervous fingers, she drew forth the.pocket-book, and the soverigns rolled out in her lap. "There's more, there's more,'" cried the old man, as he dropped on his knees beside her, and began pulling the buok to pieces in his eagerness to behold al its contents. "God of Heaven !i" cried the old woman, as among the last lot of sovereigns a strange heart-shaped piece of silver, joined to a silken string, rolled out before her, "it's our own Phil's charms, our own Phil's I" Even as she spoke, the figure of the tra reller, very pale, and looking strangely like their long lost son, stood over the guilty pair. " Oh, father, oh mother I" said a hollow voice, "Ithought to makeyou happy. But you are lost to me, lost to me for ever !" the woman shrieked and fell, the old man never said a word, but closed his eyes; the traveller picked'up his cont, and sprung into the open air, and all that night a figure might be seen flying, with almost more than human endurance to the nearest port. Some days afterwards, a beggar wandering totheshedbehindthechapel forshelter, found the old man sitting cold and rigid on; his seat, the woman stretched upon the floor both dead I On the bed withinlay the dead body of the dog, stabbed to the hIeart; beside the fire the bloody knife, and here and there scattered about the place by. the fall of the woman, gold enough to make the beggar rich. But neither he, nor any one about except the priest, would even touch it. "It is under a curse," they said ; "it is UNDEI A'CURSE I" 