HEARTS ARE TRUMPS. DY MARK LEMON. CH1APTER IT. Ix one of the streets leading out of St. James's.stroet resided Mr. Goad. There was a dingy look about the place that made the passer-by who regarded it melancholy for the moment, and those who contemplated it from the opposite side of the way were strongly of opinion that it was a human spider's web from attic to parlour. We ex oept the kitchen because a cheerful voice might now and then be hoard singing some old country ditty in the depths of the area, and a bright buxom face might also be seen looking up to the sky through the well cleaned kitchen windows. The owner of cheerful voice and buxom face was no other than Susan Fletcher, to whom Mr. Goad had referred in the preceding chapter, and who was now engaged in ironing at the window. Susan as she pursued her work appeared to be full of thought ;and as story. tellers have strange privileges, we will put the substance of her lucubrations into words. "Dear me!" she thought, "what a dreadful thing it is to have such an easy place as I have. I like work-downright hard work!" and here she emphasised her expression by banging the iron down upon the table-" but here I have nothing to do but cook my own dinner and keep the place tidy. Mr. Goad never dines at home, the boy sweeps out the olfce, and Mr. Ruby, the lodger up.atairs, hires a charwoman to do his work. And yet what pains Mr. Goad took to find me out. There's some. thing very mysterious about it-very ! " and Susan leaving the iron to cool, folded her hands and sat down on the table. But only for a moment, as she started from her seat, her rosy face changing to the hue of death; and all because a passer-by sang in a loud rough way It was'as young Coddlins, ear-ly one more, Vont whistling along thro' the leldes of corn. "0! if ghosts had ever been known to sing," said Susan half aloud, "I could have sworn that that was Joe's voicel " And the singer repasaing sang on And then she smil-ed, like to any doose, And did consent, all for to to his loose. "It must be Joe," cried Susan, running to the window. " Yet it can't be he, 'con he committed suicide; and yet there he is, nodding his head-and-coming down the area steps !'' It was Joe in the flesh,'sure enough, as no one' would have doubted who board the five or sir hearty kisses he gave Susan's glowing cheeks, and justified the. conclusion at which she arrived, that her old lover was not dead after all. "No, Susey," said Joe, "mine was only a case of suspended animation. As Mrs. Barker would have it that I had stolen that spoon, I thought I'd better die and bury mysen' than be taken up and transported. But it's all right now, Mr. Goad says, and he gave me ten pounds to come to London and make myeon' genteel and conspicuous, and I think I've done it." Joe was perfectly right. He had done it by the purchase of the gaudiest of waist. coats, the brightest of green coats, and a breast- pin of remarkable splendour, its bril liancy mitigated however by the satin stock into which it was inserted. He fairly dazzled Susan's eyes as she gazed upon him with the admiration of a woman's first love. When she had satisfied her eyes, she naturally in quired the reason for Mr. Goad's extra ordinary liberality. "I'm come up to 'dentify you," replied Joe; and seeing poor Susan turn pale at the announcement, he added also, "he means nought to harm you, Susey; but he's got some scheme in his head, and his head's as long as the Thames Tunnel, which I saw yesterday. However, you can get through that if you've luck and patience." This pleasant announcement and beautiful meta phor reassured Susan; and so having turned the various articles airing on the clothes horse before the fire, sho invited Joe to take some refreshment, announcing with com mendable independence that she was on board-waotes and kept her own larder. " Well, I'll not say no," answered Joe, "for somehow or t'other, whatever I want beside, I never want an appetite." '" That's a small bit of cheese,' Joey," said Susan as she placed a seotion of a Dutch bolus on the table. " I don't have much at a:time as I've nobody to help me eat it." (Artful Susan). "That's a molanoholy thing to say," ob served Joe, taking Susan's plump hand in his own; " but it's very easy to remedy it. It's my belief that men and women are like gloves--they're no use except in pairs." ".0, Joe I " exclaimed Susan, "you always was so poetical. It's as good as a valentino to hoar you talk." " Mubh better," said Joe, "behooause I speak eineero and honest. I don't tell you my heart's a roasting on the altar of love. No; but I says I have saved £15 10/, and am able to take care of a horso, look after a garden, and wait at table. Thomrn's argu. monta an sound like getting a livelihood," rand the orator ventured to put his arm round the substantial waist of his auditor. "' And I'm not without a penny," said Susan, with pardonable Ipride. "I've got £12, besides a toea-caddy and a pair of silver sugar-tongs." '' Come I " cried Joe, " this is courting in earnest," (and we quite agree with him). " I'll speak to my old miscus in the country, and if sel don't forbid the bains, I'll- " The voice of Mtr. Goad calling SuHan brought Joe's protestation to an nntimely end, and causenod him to inquiro with much cornostnoes rI Will hbe com down hero ? " "Very likrly," replied Susan. "Thou hide me nom owhoro," siaid loe, " He promised mse sanothlr £5 if I wouldn't comeo after you. Whoro's thin go ?'" point ing t) ai door. '' You can't go thereo; that loads up to the lodger's room. T'herer, go behind the lotlhou horso," Joo obeyed ; but the bright, hblazinlg fire made him remIark that he enhould be done no brown as a gipsy if aoaud stopll'td long. Susan roisroed her work, although her iron was not hlalf no hot nt pIoor Joo wasr destined to bo ; and Mr. ioasd entered the kitchen, carrying with him hii blue bag, from which he wan suippoIsned nlovor to polrt, not even whlen n-lhod. "Ah, Susan.! " eid Mr. Gtoad in the cheorioet of tonne, " buoy, hlnllly, as usuael. You are a good girl and an xcellent our vant." "Thank you, sir," answered Susan modestly. "I've not much to do to prove that." " , yes! oh, yes !" said Goad. "Susan, sit down; I want to talk to you." " Going to sit down and talk! " thought Joe. "If they do I shall want basting." Susan however did as she was bid, for she was too flustered to think of the fiery ordeal to which Joe was subjected. "Susan," said Mr. Goad, " what I am about to say to you may appear strange; but you must only blame your own pretty face." A fresh supply of coals could not have warmed Joe more than those few words of Mr. Goad. "How old are you, Susan?" asked the master . . "Three-and-twenty," faltered the maid. "Next grass," thought Joe, for he knew her ago to an hour almost. "And still single!" continued Mr. Goad with a ludicrous expression of astonish ment. His voice fell to a whisper as he added, "you must not continue so. You have known me some time; I am not ill. tempered, not ill.looking." (Joe differed in opinion). "I have a good position in society, and can make you a lady. I am a man of few words. Will you'marry me ?" An entire chaldron of inflammable emotions blazed within the bosom of Joe Martin. "You marry me, sir?" asked Susan, rising from her chair and looking wildly towards the clothes-horse, as though she ex-. pected her tortured lover to burst from his purgatory. "I'm only a servant. I-I should make you ashamed of my want of manners and learning." "No, no! " exclaimed Goad. " I will have you instructed. You shall be my pride! my glory! A four- wheeled chaise! a boy in livery! your own mistress I a per petual Sunday out!" How long he would. have continued in this incoherent strain, or whether he would have ever come to a con clusion, we know not, had not Trotter, the offioe-box, run down the stairs to announce that "Mr. Ruby wanted to speak to Mr. Goad; " and was terribly frightened when his master seized him by the collar and ex claimed, " miscreant! how dare you intrude at such a moment ? " " Because Mr. Ruby sent me," replied the boy. "He's in the front office and in a great hurry." Mr. Ruby was not a.olient to be neglected, and so, fortunately for'Joe Martin, Mr. Goad followed Trotter to the office, promising to return immediately. "He's just gone in time I" exclaimed the half-roasted Joe, rushing from his conceal ment. "Just in time; I couldn't have stood it any longer. What with the raging fire behind me and a burning rage within me, I should have blazed out in a minute. Well, Susan Fletcher I " he added as loud as he could bawl, "what do you mean to do?" "La, Joe!" answered Susan; "don't shabout at me in that way!" "Don't shout! I understand. You want to pick a quarrel with me! " cried Joe, jealously giving him a poke up. "I want no such thing," said Susan. "There, go and take a walk in the area and cool yourself, do.. I'm sure I was never more surprised in my life." "What's his motive?" asked Joe. " What's he want to marry you for? " Well, Susan might have excused him for that presumption. "Ah! hero's his bag of combustibles!" -Goad had really left his bag upon the table, and Joe did not hesitate to inspect its contents. " What's this?-a newapaper-theTimees; and here's a 'vertisemont scored with ink, and your name, ' Susan Fletcher.' " " AMy name ?" Yes.". And Joe road as follows: If Bussan Fltcher, formerly sersvant to Mrs. IBarker, will apply to Mr. Goad, solicitor, she will hear of something to her advantage. "It was through seeing that in the paper that I came here," said Susan. Joe dived again into the bag and brought out " the will of Jane Barker, widow." " Mother Barker's will ! " exclaimed Joe. "I see it now; she's left you a legacy." As he spoke he loosened the red tape tied round the paper; and having cast his eyes over the contents, read out to the astonished usan :- "And I, Jano Barker, having done a great wrong to Susan Fletcher, by accusing her of robbery, and thereby destroying her oharoter, do hereby will and bequeath to her one thou. sand pounds." Susan could only exclaim "Joe l" and then fall solidly on to a chair. "Don't faint now, wait till I have done," said Joe, for here's somo'ut about me: ' Also the sum of ton pounds for a tombstone for Joseph Martin, who unfortunately killed himself from the same cuse. Hud he boon living, I would also have provided for him.' There's an ungrateful old woman I Why didn't she leave it to my exeooutore, and I'd have proved as my own next o' kin ? " " This accounts for Mr. Goad's wish to marry me," aid Susan. " What shall I do, Joo ?" "Do!" replied Joo, who ought to have been a verger in the temple of Thonmis. "Do! Lot me take those papers to a lawyer, whilst you paolk up your box, and be ready to leave this place to- nighlt. Now you'ro an heiros, you boan't saeo a momoent. Goad's just thei man to hire rufflans, ,rnd carry you oft in the middle of the night, and marry you with a pistol at y3ollr hlond! iYou're not nito till you're Mru. .Joo Marrtin." Thit dlvie(t w(o 1 o niuch in accord eno with Susane'e owvn inclination (wuhleo dild a youngcl wonman over (doubt the maen she loved ? and Susan had long lovodl Joe), thalt hesl pro emisod to pack uI1 forthwith, and ontrneated Joo to return dlirectly, in caseo anything drotdful slhoull halpeen. Jo(,, taltiulcg the wvill n1d1 nowspnlor, and givintg Sualln Ia huies, for which Mr. Gonad woelid gladly Ilave ,l paid (. 8d., hle hladelo hoer oll murder if her anultor ventured to nponklr to her, and give him in chargo of the polio, Joo thlon hIletonod oway to oonnuslt with the hItdlordl of tile public-hlouo whoro e he hadi 1ueeed lthe niight, an to obtteiing the legel anluistoo heIo reqeuired. OlAPTERir V. Dir. Iuhly lhad not vwaited for Goad in lthe eilleo, Iut gonee to his own npartments, whli tlheor thes Ietter followed himl. Tho rooaui vhieh. RIlby ceeepied. oIonnld inlto onceh othler, (nd wavro divided by curtains iatoadtl of loern. In the front ono was a larger loo Leblo tlhan is useually found in uimilar lodgl lngteu and the bacnk room hlnd four card-tabloo on which were placed lamps with green shades. Without exchanging the usual salutations Ruby at once asked Goad if 'he had seen Captain Wagstaffand was told that he would be with them presently. "Remember," said Ruby, "to-day he is to appear as your friend, or young Wilmot will wonder, as we have often seen the caps tain about town, that I did not introduce him." So it was evident that the old hawk and the young pigeon had been much to gether. "You have ordered dinner at seven?" said Ruby. " Yes, sir, and I flatter myself that you will approve of my catering. I have ex plained to Wagataff the object of our meet ing, and he is delighted. I hope you will find me an apt pupil.' "I do not doubt it," answered Ruby. " I fancy your conscience is as elastic as my own." "It is india-rubber, sir," said Goad, with a chuckle. "Conscience was only intended for man in his primitive condition, and is not adapted to a high state of civilization." "' Perhaps so," observed Ruby thought ful; and' then asked, "any letters for Mr. Grey ?" " No, sir," said Goad, smiling wickedly. " I have not seen that crow-quill hand these six days." Ruby walked to the windw and was silent. " What can be the reason Mary has not written to me?" he thought "I must steal an hour to-morrow and visit her. Can she be ill? No; to- day I must not think of her." At that momentTrotter announced Captain Wagstaff, and Goad retired to prosecute his love affair in the kitchen. Susan was not there however; so taking his blue-bag from the table, he returned to his other avocations in the office. "Ab, Wagetaff " said Ruby, shaking that worthy by the hand; "it seems an age since me met." "It is more than a fortnight," Wagstaff replied, laughing; " but great occasions re quire great sarifices." "True," said Ruby, "and I have had that in hand which will repay us for our pri vations. I have ascertained by a shilling and Doctors' Commons that young Wilmot is entitled to twenty thousand pounds, al though at present he is not overburdened with ready money." " So much the better," said Wagataff. " Ho will be the easier involved; and then, like a limed bird, the more he struggles to get free, the more embarrassed he will be come." Ruby paused for a minute and then said " I am sorry for him. Somehow or other the fellow has obtained a hold upon me for which I cannot account." Wagstaff was somewhat surprised at this observation from his old confederate, and could only observe in reply, " but business is business, you know." "True," answered Ruby, shaking off any momentary compunction ; " true we play the game of life in little. Ignorance puts down the stake, and experience wins it. Goad has told you our plans for to-night. Wilmot must not be alarmed by too great a loss." Wagstaff agreed with this suggestion. " Well," continued Ruby, " what have you been doing since we parted ?" "Very little that has been profitable," re plied Wagstaff. "I have passed "-and he fixed his eye upon Ruby as he spoke-" I have passed most of my time at Reigate." Ruby had been standing at the window looking out upon the street. He now turned round suddenly and almost exclaimed- "Reigate I " "A charming spot," said Wagstaff, not appearing to notice Ruby's voice or manner. "Do you know it ?" " Why, yes," replied Ruby, turning his face again to the street. "I have been there." "I have a remarkable love of nature," continued Wagataff, lighting a cigar - " human nature particularly ; and the women of Reigato are models for a Canova." Ruby affected to laugh as he said, " and so-and so you have boon love making, I presume? " " Why, yea-slightly," answered Wag staff. "As you turn down the lane-but you don't know Roigato? " "I do-yes, I do! " said Ruby, a vague terror stealing over him. " Well then perhaps you remember," con tinued Wagstaff, coolly puffing his cigar as he went on-" perhaps you remember a pretty little place called Oak Cottage" (Ruby started), "and which contains two inmates, a middle-aged lady and a charming creature just ripening into womanhood ? " Ruby instantly faced Wagstaff. " What of her ? " was all he could utter. Wagstaff broke into a loud laugh, whilst Ruby could scarcely keep himself from fall ing. " Ha, tha, Sir TRynard, have I found your oerth at last? By Joveo! I envury your good fortune. I saw you-lookinug as thotugh frnesh from Exeter IIall-oroop into that bower of roos , lIe not ashamedutl, man! You haveo an oexcollont excue for your folly. I saw her rush into your urine, and----" " Stop!" said Rubty, almost choking with emotion. " If you have coon this, you have misapprohnnded what you saw. She is my daughter." Wagatafi shook his hoad, despito the tor riblo ctrnoeuttes of Ruly. " I swonr itt-my ttughteor. I havo.often stood your friOnid, lFrod; now stand you mnino. Nevor upoalk of what you onaw. Tlhat girl is ldoarer to me than lifo. A light word must not be coullodl with lier namo." " And soe your tldaughter! " said Wag nttf, notw convincod that Lituby was spotnk ing tihe truth. "L Icnoow your tihoughltu!" continued tIty. " You wontlder that one io good, no put , shoutl Ieo the child of Rohlor tRluby. SHlo known not whatl I tll. Sihe hIas bIoot Iteptt apart ni apostlun ati wihou her mother died and left her to mny care." The halrdoned gonambler sat down and covered his firco with hinr hldt, the toears welling through hii liguroues. It we now WtVgtrla'u tituru to walk to thie window. For it feow yomltonttt the tditrnt of his oldtl confelderito touchedltl him ; and theon hisi tthotght. toiok m tolflaht dircotion, tand het coruidortd howv hte nitght turn this ktnow lodge to hi own ndvantage. "Ihuiby it rich," he thought," and will Ie riuhor. Tihe girl is protty iand good. Whalt if I wore to marry lher ? " luhtby htd enu?tainod his double charnater too rnnny yoera to Ibe long over-mnasterod by his feelings ; and so, joining Wagatnaff at the window, he laid one hand upon his shoul der, and offered the other, saying "You will keep mysecret, ebh, Fred? and if so, count upon me as a friend in any emergency." Wagstaff took the proffered hand, and re plied, " Ruby, I am as dumb as an oyster but-did it ever occur to you that, should anything hat pen to you, your daughter would be in a deuce of a fix ? " "'Often, often!" said Ruby, "and I shudder when I think so." "Then why don't you find her a hus band ?" asked Wagstaff. "That never oc curred to you, eh ? Let me find her one." Ruby turned away impatiently, saying, "s No, no, let us talk on some other subject." " Well, but you don't know the man I would propose," said Wagstaff. "M' Mary married to such as we are," mut tered Ruby; "I would rather see her in her grave." S"Ruby ! " continued Wagstaff, "are you attending to me? The man I would propose is no other than Fred Wagstaff." Ruby faced his questioner, and his eyes glared like those of a roused tiger. Wagstaff did not notice him, but went on: "I'm the only fellow I know worthy of her-I'll keep her like a lady. You know I stand as well as any man in the ring. I'm pretty fairly off. I'm partner in two houses in St. James's, and half owner of the best horse of the day. Come! say done, and I'll call you father-in-law in a week." Ruby walked up to Wagstaff, and looking him steadily in the face, said in a tone scarcely above a whisper, ·"you marry my child !-you that I know by every name that honest men use to designate a scoundrel! " " Hallo !" cried Wagstaff. Ruby heeded him not, but went on: " Gambler! blackleg! cheat!- and dare you propose to make myrinnocent Mary your wife? You are mad!" " Well," said the astonished Wagstaff, "this is cool! And pray what is Mr. Ruby that I should bring disgrace upon him ? " " What am I? Doubly the knave I have described you to be. You cannot paint me blacker than I know myself to be ; but Mary has, been kept in ignorance of my evil life. She does not even know me by the name of Ruby. No, Wagstaff, no!-it is not such as you must call my Mary wife." "Indeed," said Wagstaff. " Yes, indeed !" retorted Ruby. Wagetsff's]face;became almost black with anger as the old man walked from room to room; and it was some minutes before either could master the evil spirits which had taken possession of them. Ruby was the first to do so. "Forget this meeting, Wagataff," he said. Come, let us be friends. We have a golden game to play to-night, and must be cool and confident. Forget what has passed. Forget it! " and exhausted by this conflict of passion and feeling, he threw himself upon the sofa. Wagetaff made no reply; but ligihting another cigar smoked in silence. "Forget it!" he thought. "Not whilst I'veo breath in my body. ' Cheat! gambler! blackleg ! ' Those are words to be forgotten!-and from him too! If his girl were an angel he couldn't think more of her." The fiend in his bad heart spoke louder. "If I could hit him through her! that would be a revenge." Ho referred to his watch. "Twelve o'clock, and we don't dine till seven." He rose up and looked at his old confederate in many a nefarious scheme, crouched upon the sofa, and felt more re morseloes. "Forgot this meeting? No, old boy; we'll pay double or quits if I live!" The man thus silently apoatrophisod lay motionless, as though asleep. " Well, good-day, Ruby," said Wagataff aloud. " We meet at dinner." A voice unlike that of the bold gamester, for it was as soft as a woman's, answered "good-day-forgot this quarrel;" yet it was Robert Ruby that spoke. To be ontinucd. 