Queensland. (FltOM OUB OWN COBBESroNDENT ) Brisbane, Juno 28. WE liave passed through a crisis. Politics have been in the ascendant with a vengeance. We had experi- enced a protracted lull, unbroken by a breeze of sensa- tion, but it is proved to have been the dull, heavy calm which so frequently precedes the outbreak of a storm. The storm has como over us like a tornado. It has carried everything before it. Commercial insolvencies, nocturnal burglaries, and domestic homicides have been submerged in the deluge of politics. The Macalister Ministry have cast themselves adrift. The Ship of I State was no longer safe for them, and they are now a stranded wreck. The hand, and perhaps the heart of the skipper failed him. Part of the hitherto loyal crew had, become mutinous. The master had lost th« old fire and force. He resigned his billet, and gave up his certificate The ungrateful crew gave him no thanks. There was no kindly sympathy, no generous sentiment for the clever leader who stood, perhaps for the last time on deck and announced the decisivo step he had taken. Putting aside metaphor, I may say that Mr. Maca- lister has not only resigned his position as Premier, but also his seat as member for Ipswich. When he an- nounced to the House his resignation as head of the Government, and statea that the Governor had sent for the Hon. Geo. Thorn, because he was, after himself and Mr.. Hemmant, both of whom are about to leave the colony, the senior member of the Ministry, as it was originally constituted, the leader of the Opposition made a most ungracious attack upon the new Ministry ; and, referring to the'rumoured probability of the cx Premier's appointment tQ the vacant office of Agent General, he brusquely warned the Government that the appointment of an active politician to that office would be considered a political appointment, and that the gentleman so appointed should go out of office with the Ministry which put him in. Now this was specially cruel and unjust. Political parti zaus bip aside, it can- not be denied that -Mr. Macalister is now physically unfit for the fag of Parliament, nor can it be denied thiJt he has been oue of our ablest statesmen. What- ever faults he may have bad, helms not milked the State cow for his own benefit with the greedy and faithless hand of a miser, and in the furious outburst of Mr. Palmer's indignant wrath at the probable reward of his rival's services, the sorrow of the latter was as lean as it was bitter. So deeply had the keen invective of Mr. Palmer scarified the heart of Mr. Macalister that, while yet sinai ting from the freshness of the wound, he unwisely declared his determination nos to accept the office of Agent-General, and with parade of semi-officialuess the announcement of his decision was made in the next day's issue of the Telegraph, Decisions on which self interest hangs, if made in haste, are often, like hasty marriages, repented at leisure. Mr. Macalister has thought better, of tho rash resolve made, doubtless, while the worried brain vainly sought relief in the soothing embraces of " tired nature's sweet restorer." Last night it was by tho Telegraph, under authority, an- nounced that Mr. Macalister "has been appointed Agent-General for Emigration and Special Commissioner at the Philadelphia Exhibition." He will probably leave here for Sydney in adayortwo, andproctalthcnco by the next mail steamer to San Francisco. This ap- pointment will command tho approval of a considerable majority of tho people of Queensland ; but in making it the new Ministry has shown some degree of moral courage, for Mr. Palmer will not be easily conciliated ho may possibly be violently resentful. All the new Ministers have boen re-elected with- out opposition. Dame Humour used all her busy tongues about opposition here and there. The only show in that line was made afc Oxley, whore Mr. William Coote issued an advertised address and harangued ono small audience, and then " saved his bacon" by a judici- ous withdrawal. It is not every man who likes to risk the legal deposit of twenty pounds sterling which he must lay at the feet of the Returning Officer before he can be nominated. The Hon. George Thorn has re- signed his seat in the Legislative Council, and has quietly Btepped into the shoes of bis whilom chief as member for Ipswich, as well as Premier of Queens- land. The new Ministry is now composed of Mr. Thorn, Premier, Postmaster-General, and Minister for Works and Mines; Mr. R. M. Stewart, Colonial Secretary; Mr. J. R. Dickson, Treasurer ; Mr. J. Douglas, Minister for Lands : Mr. S. Griffith, Attorney-General. j It is not likely that the Premier will long hold the dual portfolios. One of them will bo transfered to a representative of tho Government in the Upper House. It is not unlikely thut Mr. O. Mein will be the Postmaster-General. If this surmise should prove correct we shall have three graduates of the Syduoy University in the Queensland Cabinet. lt is a singular coiuoidenco, but I hope- not aü omni ouB ono, that three of tho members of the now Govern ment have had to appear iu a controversial or au ex plauatory character in tho correspondence columns oi the daily press. Mr. »Stewart sayB he was misreportec on au important point, and explained. Mr. Steward made statements about tho expenditure on certain pub- lic works which Boomed to reflect upon his predecessor whereupon followed a literary tilt. Mr. Griffith hat been drawn out by a statement mado by Mr. John Pettigrew, M.L.A., before his constituents at Gatton Perhaps the wisdom of the cautious tongue will conic to our budding statesmen aa the wrinkles of thought \ nud tho groy hairs of care give to them au aspect of mature experienco. ' Tho utterances on the platforms of tho electorates have been mostly cautious and undecided. At proseiit the Government has not formulated a definite policy. It has abandoned tho bill for tho reform of thu Upper House It will not run tho colony into rocklow and unnecessary expenditure It will introduce n'luud bill BO broad, liberal and statesmanlike, that it will effectually lay the ghost which has haunted every Parliament ami every session of Parliament down to this year of grace, 1876\. There shall bo a new classification of lands into town, suburban, and country. All laud, excepting "homestead areas," shall bo raised in price HO that the colony may «et sornothing nearer to nu equivalent for thc splendid estate it ha* hitherto been almost giving away. Another important chango proposed is when moro thau ono person applies for tho same block of land instead of balloting for it, as now, it shall bo put up at auction and tho State will then get tho value for tho land instead of the lucky drawer securing av luable prize for 10s per acre, payable at tho rate of ls Gd per annum for ten years. Tho necessity for this change was shown a fortnight ago, whfii for a block of agricultural land on tho Darling Downs there were Jil'ty applicants, mid tho fortunato drawer ostinmfcnd his lack «t JjL'OUO. Tho Government will guard against m>r'<;uhil;orH tabing ad- vantage of auction saloi tb monopolise tho best lands by insisting, without, shadow or compromise, upon per- sonal residence oa thchoindstcnd. Last Mouduy night, when addrcwring tho rloctorn of Ipswich, Mr. Thorn stated that at thc cud of theuiU'reut mouth there would bo a deficit of £40,000. Tili« has arisen partly from *he pernicious nystem of commen- cing public work» on a mero mentul estimate of coat. Almost invariably tho rough guesses under-estimate the actual cost, and the chargea come surging heavily upon the supplementary estimates until, like a wave washed sandbank, they are stfept away. To provide for this deficit, and against a repetition of it, not avly is the price of altland, except homesteads, to be rahved, but a much heavier prico is te be put on miners''.rights issued to Asiatics. Mr. Thorn argues-, tho equifcv of this on these groundö : Three-fourths of the population of Cooktown are Chinese J they contributo very little tee- the revenue : they carry away an enormous quantity of gold, on which no export duty is now levied ; they re- quire postal accommodation and police protection :; these conveniences and safeguards are v«ry costly ; it is therefore but just that the objects of Government» care should be compelled to contribute more liborally to the revenue.1 Not many Queenslandes willobjeotto this proposal. Mr. Thom stated that last year Cook- town had exported 250,000oz of gold, and that three fourths of it had boen procured by Chinamen. lu closing this commnuii-ation I may refer again, re- flectively, to the unopposed election of the Ministers. I attribute this to two causes: 1st, a popular resentment, of the imperious and autocratic tone assumed toward» Mr. Thorn by the leader of the Opposition ; and, 2nd,, a general conviction that the Ministry, on meeting tho House, will be so worried and harassed that tho tran- saction of business will be impossible, and in discustor\ defeat they will be driven to appeal to tho country. Meanwhile mischief is brewing, and tho element of fermentation i i Denominational Education. 