A POET RECEIVES SOME GOOD ADVICE. {From the Detroit Free Press.) HE was a young man with a sentimental ir. His hair was drawn back over his ears ; is eyes had a far-off look; one could see oetry in all his motions, especially in the way he stubbed his toe against the etoVe s he balanced out. In searching him thfc ight before, the police had taken away his latest poem. It was a poem entitled " A WaiL" One verse will introduce the young man's merits:— When I look around me and see other boys happy it makes me feel quite ead, To be a lonely boy since mother is dead. Hark! I hear a voice saying, " My child, rejoice, be of good cheer, Tho' out of sight, yet in my own soul'* memory you are ever dear." My happy days of childhood I wish I could again recall; Some happy days since then I spent, but them surpassed all. Mother is dead and gone, I hope her soul is with the angels bright- May she rest in peace with the saints Who enjoy eternal life, "Ferdinand Thompson, did yon writ® this trash ?" asked his honour, after poring over the poem for five minutes. " Yes, sir—that poetry." " And your mother is dead ?" " Yes sir." " Well, I don't blame her for dying. I wonder that her ghost doesn't go around groaning with the bilious colic. " I think I am a good judge of poetry," stifly replied the poung man. " You are—eh ? Well, now you hear me. It was your first drunk, and you may gOj but if I ever catch you here again with any more poems in your pocket, I'll legally ana theoretically make your heels Bmash your shoulder-blades! These verses are trash, sii regular skim-milk nonsense—and it's my business to warn you that it will be forty times better for you to hunt for an axe and a wood pile, and not go any further with the poet's trade." The Ieish in Buxiros Aybxs.—It is not enerally known that there is a large and rosperous Irish settlement in the Argenine Bepublio in South America. In one f the provinces, Buenos Ayres, there is a opulation of nearly 400,000, of which early half is Irish. The country ia exeedingly fertile, producing two crops of igs and potatoes a year, and 100 different orts of grass that grow only by great are elsewhere. It is a rich grazing country, and the most extensive farmers in the province are Irishmen, who hold immense tracts of land, and carry on a wool trade that rivals Australia. In 1869, they clipped 100,000,(K)0 pounds of wooL The majority of tie population are Catholic, but all religions are free, and some of the Protestant ministers are salaried by the government. The Irish settlers have Bplendid hospitals, schools, and academies of their own.—Boston Pi lot. An Extkaordinabi Escape.—The North Eastern Ensign reports that a miraculous escape from being crushed to dvath under the wheels of a locomotive engine o curred at the Benalla railway station on Satutday morning. When the 8.30 train was coming into the station, M'. Morze, the guard for the next journey, was walking towards the edge of the platform-to receive.the staff from the driver, when he stumbled over a small cask which he had not observed, and fell on the rails immediately in front of the moving train. The engine Was over him almost in : stantly. and evtayope seemed horror-struok at the terrible fate so momentarily dealt before- their eyes. A speedy stoppage wafc effected, and then it was ascertained what'a narrow escape the guard had made.'- On falling off the platform, Mr. Morze's presence of mind,alone saved his life; he instantly turned himself over between the rail and th* platform wall, lying as eloue aa possible, ani quite still on his back, jthus esojipjng wheelgfcbut not thegreaseboxeE.whiob.i hebeen'a stouter man, ntast haye par - him hprriMy; *8 was, >hey Bciratchedaud ^tti^MWeieftJ^tp.oTjJ body in paBslng -ovet; leaVing ' maika on j hiad, amBi «d 'hips t.bnt 1 nothm?of^a « ousiiature. HTA *%feh ^%rushed,-«t,dtt? vest in which it WM flMed w&s; Oft toaFta pieoes. 