\- I IT IS A. PACT. ! (TO THB EDITOR OF THE WALLAROO TIMES.) Sih,-That the turmoils of life, wars of nations, and squabbles of business-men never come in one day, and that is the reason I am not always popping my head into your office. T never like to run upon every little.topic, lest my companyshould be distasteful. It is a fact incontrovertible that the world was never in sucb a tumult of thought, and wav ing like the billows of the sea. as at present, every moment seeming as if it would over whelm the bark of life, and everything in connection with it. Never was the world oiore interesting to thoughtful and intelligent "men as the present moment. .Nations seem to qisiver in the balance, and monarchs warily enfeir their assembly halls. M Bismarck here, and McMahon there, eyeing each other witb- eagle like eyes, jealous as over of .each others prestige, while the quiet E,liine rolls between, not knowing how soon its waters may be colored by poor subjects whose voices are never heard in the din of nations. Next, Russia, stands with a voracious mouth waiting to cafch a Turk(ey) ; Austria will not disdain to accept half when the division takes place.. Why all this ado ? Has the dove no rest for the Bole of her foot? Not yet! A little longer and she must betake herself to the ark. 11 would like to say, Sir, a great deal about | the Turk(ey) continental question, but shall only say a little at present as suits my sub ject. One fact I always find true, that.when great governments are disturbed, lesser ones always tremble. When great banks crack, Trttle ones succumb, and so the thing goes on tillihe last core of life is affected. This great -fcctb&'s been truly exemplified in a monstrous degree-during -the last week or two in a little towoitonly with a couple of good streets half filled, called Kadiua, where live men whose happy lot is cast. Every citizen seems to be on qui vive, wondering at the issue of the de cisions of the great men. The thing has des cended from a great political scheme to a petty business quarrel. Part of the following metaphor will be applicable in this case : When John Bull takes a political idea into his head he takes no notice of bystanders generally, and not very often he commits himself. In this case John has made a good bite at the Suez Canal. Four millions cash is nothing to him. Egypt comes next as a secondary matter. Other animals, Russia (the black bear) who is always known by having bis eyes to the ground, and unsteady gait, 8nd has large territories, with rich cop per mines, and Austria (the wary fox) known by his twangling gait, who is timid and afraid ! to split peas with his neighbour, look askance upon John and think things must be even, at any rate, and so take the copy (placard) or example from him, and try to cook the Turk(ey) because be cannot help himself. What good will result from this ? Why just this. The Turk(ey) will never digest, he will be an everlasting source of dyspepsia to theniy I suppose, Mr Editor, you will wonder wharf I mean by all this. As a ghost I know J* have queer ways of bringing things around, but I am only giving you the sentiments of every table-talk in my own metaphorical style, which I know Kadina citizens will un derstand: it is just this-Eyery Englishman is proud of John Bull's extensive commercial relations, always trying to do business with every nation on the globe, and sending his warships abroad to keep the great highways open, to accomplish it, ever amiable, giving worth for worth, so that both parties may be satisfied. Other nations, also great in com merce, seem to vie with him. and often jealous of him, but can never hurt him. He stands the picture of himself. John Bull, far and full. Austria And Russia would like to take his fat down, as they have often lately said, but the}' enly Hke. What can they do, while John is still buying and selling, and doing business as usual in every nation. Austria (little man) must needs not only do business, but do the like, ie., sell off, because JojWdoes. If Aus tria sells off her jewels, clothing, &c..; what is it for? The table talk is to " pay off" John Bull, that part Turkey may be joined to his dominions without embarrassment, as it is known that the Turk is insolvent, and Jobn is his principal creditor. In the matter above Russia (a little Czar) .for once in his life-time quarrelled vr!th his ally Austria, because he was not independent enough to secure public placards for himself, and'pay liis own advertisements, but made use of the top of Johjjj Bull's, and added " So is Austria," vizi, selling off. The cabby driver of the post chaise who bawfees news to all nations, if bought o or by Austria te quiet John for lhe use of his coachee pla cards, must remember a foe is a foe by night as well as by day. It mattered not to John as every one kuows, it was his regular business, aud Austria knew it was the best .way to make himself go along with Johu's agents if ha wished to succeed. But it did seem rich thus to advertise at John's expense, didn't it ? to pay his own to the Turk(ey's) creditors. Everybody observes and says, if the market of nations were left to Russia and Austria things would be very dear and all citizens would suffer very materi ally, clothing especially would 1je expensive, wolves' and bears' skins would be too great a luxury to purchase. John Bull, on ac count of large mercantile transactions with all nations is able to compete in the market, and give his merchandise very cheap, not only to his own subjects but to the subjects of Russia and Austria, who are thankful for the chance, Hence John's name is known in every coun try for his trade, and more so by the oppera tions of his neighbours. Your Ghost, Sir, would like to draw from the above figure, some inferences bearing on the nature of hu man beings, their motives, thoughts, and ac tions, if time permitted. As kings are but men, .and men are but dust of the earth, and passions very often overcome reason just as possiblo in John Bull, Bugsia, of Austria, rs in others. If time permitted I would like to show the feelings and opinions of the subjects of those monarchs, as all cannot see eye to eye with either of them. I give you the metaphor ot ;the table talk just as I heard it in my wanderings so much at pre sent for what it is worth. Facts are stubborn thingH, au«J when I have overheard people speaking of facts, I have often heard them wonder what had become of THE WALKING GHOST. 