O UTC'ASTS OF MIELB 0 URNE. (By "A VAGABOND," in the Argus.) (Continued from our last.) But many others, hard-working men, also have to pay the fine and costs for in dulging too. freely. Intemperance seems to be the bane of the working classes in the colonies. The frightful assault, cases ' vhich are sometimes heard generally have their rise in a drinking bout. "I was mad drunk and don't know what I did" is often the excuse. Many of those who are convicted of " brutal assaults" are not criminal in their instincts, but are over powered by the frightful lust for personal combat and for smiting their enemies which is so prevalent in the Anglo-Saxon race. Look at that man in the dock I A. good honest look he has; but around his mouth and in his eye there lurks a devil, and when aroused it will.falre ill with his opponent. He is one of those men whose nature leads them to fight. In another stage of society he might act as a rival to "Guy Livingstone," or any other of Oudia's heroes, who are renowned for their "panther springs" and "terrific blows." (I. beg to. recommend to that authoress a new phrase-"'kangaroo leap" -to which an Irish policeman compares the onslaught of the man I am describ ing.) ,This man will, for a fearful assault 'on. another, be imprisoned for some months; his rough nature will revolt against the punishment for his offence, and associations at Pentridge or the gaol will complete his demoralisation. This is one case in which 'natural impulses and civilised laws both combine to make a criminal. And now look at these poor creatures charged with vagrancy. Homeless and houseless, they are convicted of the fear ful crime of their existence. A sentence of three months is a blessing which they should appreciate. It is commonly re puted that a vagrant gets a heavier sen tence than a minor thief; if so, it is the better for both of them. Many young larrikins are brought up "on the vag." They are known thieves and bad charac ters, according to the police, who attempt to rid the neighbourhood of them in this way, but as a rule a subscription is raised which obtains the services of a legal gentleman, who produces evidence to show that his client is a hard-working, respect able youth, and the larrikin is discharged, to the triumph of his companions and dis comfiture ?of ." Mr Detective." In the police-court father appears against son, mother against daughter, brother against brother. The prisoners in the majority of cases are, as I have said, those who may be called hereditary criminals, or made so by early association. Now and then, how ever, a prisoner is seen of a superior class. Look at this woman; she is haggard and worn out by dissipation, but has the re mains of past beauty. She first came out to the colonies as the wife of "a gentle man," the son of a major-general in the British army. After a time he returned to England, deserting her, but not before he had lived on the earnings of her shame. Her after-career nmay be imagined--drink "is her only comforter now. There is one 'class of offence often met with; and the perpetrators of which force my sympathy. (" A Vagabond" cannot help having ill-re gulated ideas.) These are those who are charged with throwing tobacco or tea over the walls of the gaol. They have generally been inmates themselves, and knowing the hardships they have under gone, strive to mitigate'those of some ex comrade. The act seems to me td 'spring from motives to hbe cherished rather than put down, and speaking as one who has lived as a vagabond, and writing from their point of view, I do not "think you will ever persuade people of :that class that they are commnitting a criminal action in trying to help a mate.with "a little to bacco. Make your precautions so strict that it will be impossible to' hold com munication with or forward anything to' prisoners' over the walls, is. my advice to the gaolers. However, this offence is generally heavily punished, and the re imprisonment for doing what 'he considers to be a good act certainly does not favour ably impress the culprit towards the au thorities. His heart is, more likely to harden, and more than ever he will be an enemy to law and order. "Any one who would know the real state' of vice-and crime in Melbourne cannot do better than commence his studies by passing' a morn-' ing at the police-court. In spite of all the physical annoyances, the wrangling of the lawyers (as disgraceful as the conduct of some M.L.A.'s), he will learn much which Goverument, religion, and society would gladly gloss over. .1 In the police-court the 'criminal andi outcast come most prominently before the The public notice, at least it is only when they 1 the arrive there that their doings are chro ark- sieled. But they force their presence on out us, without our taking much heed, and in I tery all our principal thoroughfares. The the thief we cannot detect by his outward ap- I ates pearance, but the Magdalene flaunts along will conspicuously, and virtue hardly turus up 1 ield her nose, and certainly has no room to I gather up her skirts to one side. Society, I .- it has been said, devotes its finest men and I r is its finest women to destruction. Its finest und men it drills, and pipeclays, and sends I .m- away to be shot or cut to pieces; its finest t for women it sacrifices in another way. I hope tich this is not true of Victoria, for the Travis- I ing tas who walk our streets are not the finest t een samples of female beauty. Walk along r I a Bourke-street any night, and girls are to ed. be seen-some merely children-drifted- a ex- drifting, and half-anchored. The state of ii nes morality amongst the working girls in er. Melbourne is worse than in Paris, and they f the commence their downward course earlier. I eeu Workroom and-shop recruit the ranks of ii sod the unfortunate. Work makes the hands a un- black, and does not always keep the repu- o vel, tation white. They are led astray by a d ed. love of fine clothes and admiration, ii ith coupled with early-developed strong pas- c in., sions, and their fall is not purified by the b ern ghost of love-love which is the essence v 'lie of the life of grisettes. The Melbourne s5 ire, Magdalene goes her way wilfully, and of tl of her own accord. She has no shame in her p in wrong-doing, and false sentimentality n ed. should not be wasted upon her. "They n rell can't be allays a workin,' said Mr Sleary, ti ler- "they must be smoothed sometimes," and b for the lirrikin and thief, with their female h t in companions, take their pleasure as the rest V ces of the world. Let us walk into this con- S :k- cert-hall, which by the flaming advertise- w els ments which will meet us at all points, 01 a should be a popular place of amusement. tl Lct Let ius first take a sixpenny ticket and go iv en- up into the balcony. The room is a long of one, and there is scant accommodation for of "the gods." We are amongst a crowd of he youths and boys, with a sprinkling of girls ly of the very lowest class. Larrikins and r thieves all of these. But there is-good le on order amongst them, perhaps because the A performances are dull and depressing, or he because of the announcement prohibiting w " whistling or shouting, or any sort of dis- P, ry orderly conduct," and containing penal d, ly. clauses as to removal by the police. Down ig stairs, in the body of the ball, to enter 11 Ila which we pay Is, the spectators are not of bi much superior class. They are better te dressed, and have a little more money, but one thin- appears more evident, that few m people wo can claim the slightest share in of respectability visit this " popular re- so: sort." Here waiter- girls walk around and to solicit you to "shout;" when you refuse no 2- they will give you a little gentle abuse, tli and return to the sweet converse of their n particular larrikin lovers. The perfor mances are of the usual low music-hall m: ' style. There are some "niggers," whose Wi s Jokes are frightfully gross, and the comic mm is songs are only conspicuous for dulness and me o indecency. A child . of 10 dances and i1 it sings-prettily, but she is being taught in t the very worst school, and one of her I dances is only, redeemed from indecency ' Sby her youth and innocence. What will- m n be her future ?, After the performance is co over part'of the flodr is cleared away and an is dancing commences. The women of course tri i, are all of a class, and this seems to be ve is meant for their encouragement, as we see th announcements that " gentlemen will not er be allowed to dance together, or the music m to will be stopped." Places of amusement t of of this kind are baiting-houses on the no larrikin's high road to Pentridge. It is a ha 3 great pity some place of healthy public dr at amusement cannot be started in Mel- do \+ bourne. People will be amused, and Yi the masses of people like smoking and A b- drinking, and have no notion of amuse It meat without, and if good healthy music as ne and performances can be given them with ha It these so much the better. In the" gaffs" th d in the East-end of London, and on the set ill Surrey side, I have seen entertainments sel 1e which, however classed from an artistic bu 'd point of view, as regards morality were 1\. far superior to anything to be seen at the es large theatres. The moral of each per- sh id formance was plain and simple, vice col r- punished, and virtue rewarded, and the re( audiences loudly applauded. I was told Le that there were many thieves present at an these places. If so, they got the benefit to set be derived from the lessons of the stage. s And by their amusements you may gauge the moral standard of a people or class. I wonder that in Melbourne some one Al does not start a beer garden, where all mi t classes could go, and smoke, -drinik, and pr is listen to good music. During the hot' mi sd summer days this should be an attractive Ni al place of entertainment, and if lager beer can be brewed here so much .the better. SAll classes of people would be amused and d refreshed, and the better the entertain- po a- ment,' the better for society at large. Pm is Larrikins'and thieves greatly resort to the mi , cheap billiard rooms. There are one or me two in a principal thoroughfare which are y daily crowded with such. They are i y mostly youths and boys, and those who me Sare not thieves and sharpers are flats and on pigeons, being inducted into the mysteries of the Larrikin's Progress, the stages of d which may be divided into drink, gamb \- ling, rowdyism, assault, police-court. gaol, it thief. The skittle alleys claim their fair as Sshare of the patronage of this class, and wI in certain hotels, one of notable repute re d in Bourke-street may be instanced, where cIe e the votaries of chicken-hazard assemble, e. the thief and the fast mari-about-town meet on neutral ground'aiid call the main. ex T With all this known tothe ipolice, it seems fl Sstrange that prosecutions aretiot instituted Y against the ;proprietors of:such houses. set Is gambling only acrime when the money Sgoes into the Chinesec pockets ? Vice per- I g a meites thirough all classes of society, and n e thelhigh-toned rou wh'oi w:ould "give £20 ne d to keep his -name out of the police-court," ce often associates withgamblers and thieves, h who-wish to keep their incognito for a dif. Is 1ferent reason. : -. - I ...lea nI Where do the criminal classes of blel- tio a| bourne live ? Withina. stone's-throw of:I n our principal thoroughfares and.places of lo1 u business. I do not suppose any city in the aft s world can show sich foul neighbonrhoods n centered in its very .heart. Between -Bourke-street and-'Iiodsdale-street there o t are a number o:bf lanes, "terraces," un "squares," and riglites-of-way, the present tri Scondition of which, iss a disgrace to the Th city. The habitations are mostly of a an a kind, one storied hovels, low, dilapidated, and dirty. The surroundings are filth Sand garbage. From a sanitary point of view the existence of such quarters is a tio grent: nuisance, if not apositive danger to o0 public health. Go through these on a wo isummer's afternoon. The occupants you the Swill see are mostly women, and of what a type-low, degraded, brutal-looking, who, 'P young and old, seem as if virtue and purity she had never been knovwn to theni even by naine. Younng girls-thereare nanyn here he '-have their youth and freshness over- see shadowed by vice; older women, who once may have belonged to the-aristocracy of the demi-monde, ilaby cheeks and have features now swollen by drink. The number Lot of very young girls to'b e seeo in these wom quarters is something to shock even one used to the aspects of vice in the Old World. Melbourne is remarkable for this, and, as a rule, men are not so much to blame. These women, I am told, never see innocence but they wish to mar it, and they tempt children to their ruin, some so young that they really may be said to have never known any other state. There is little of the woman about these unsexed beings, except that occasionally they may be seen sitting in the sun doing a little needlework or mending their clothes. The hovels, which are small, being generally tenanted by several couples, cause society in their neighbourhood to be of a public kind, the doorsteps, the kerbstones, and the centre of the road forming convenient resting-places for the female population, who sun themselves and interchange ideas and opinions which are generally couched in language which it is an euphuism to call merely bad. Of the soiled doves who form the upper class of the demi-monde in Melbourne I shall say but little. Society is fully aware of their presenceand doings, although these, even with the institution of the vestibules and the "saddling pad dock," have not attained the heights of infamy of their compeers in the large cities of Europe and America. Melbourne, happily, has not yet arrived at a stage where Lais and Phryno give regular soirees, and issue invitations, printed on the finest and most beautifully embossed paper, to the Government officials, the mayor, aldermen, magistrates, judges, and members of the Legislature, and where the magistrate joins in the dance with the beautiful but frail beings whom to-morrow he may send to the house of correction. We are not quite son bad in this respect as San Francisco. But the harvest of these women is only for a time. Death, drink, or age overtakes them, and they sink to the level of the outcasts of whom we write. (To be continued.) 