MEN OF THE WORLD. ([.10oIn the Satirday ??cvlew, January N2?J.) THAT ",the world is too much with us" is no doubt true; but in spite of our devotion to material things, very few of us acquire the first rudiments of the great art of living in the world. , We quit life in lamentable igno. ranceof its simplest laws, and without even understanding the causes of our constant failure. What is called the wisdom of our ancestors seems to be here of very little avail, nor are there any pages of history which re peat themselves with such certain punc tuality as those that record the persistent neglect of, the most simple and enduring conditions of life. M?n and women appear to acquaint themselves with the blunders of those who have gone before them for no other end than that they may be able to commit them again; and this truth is now so widely recognised that we have invented a particular phrase to characterise the few who exhibit a better knowledge of the practi cal rules which govern existence. Men of the world ard in fact men who understand how to adjust their lives to the circumstances that surround and control them. They possess idna high degree that genius for the art of living which is so strangely denied to the greater number of their fellows, and they have the patience to study with due atten tion the facts which most men deem too ' o and obvious for consideration. And s caugh we may all claim to be men of this w t'UI!h'so far as we have no present access to' any other, there are but very few who possess the qualifications which give to the privileged class its special distinction. The majority of men need more than a life's experience to determine the exact balance between possibility and desire, whereas the man of the world, endowed with the art of living, leaps at once to the conclusion, and is prudent without the long education of failure. 'He is not a philosopher, because he has no. theory to support or expound, nor has he the temper of those religious enthu siasts who look forward to some future re compense for present ills. On the contrary, his constant endeavor is to show by ex ample that life may be endured without protest or rebellion, and to prove by patient acceptance of what is unalterable that the antagonism between man and his fate is not' so bitter as others suppose. Taken in this highest sense, therefore, the term does not imply any kind of reproach. To do our duty in that state of life unto which it has pleased God to call us is indeed enjoined by the catechism, and the man of the world only enlarges this precept of the church in striving to make him self as much at home as possible on the earth on which he finds himself. Nor is it extraordinary that a person so gifted should be looked up to with respect, oven by those who are cast in a very different mould. The most ideal :beings are occasionally arrested bythe inert force of dull facts, and in such straits they are naturally willing enough to seek aid from others who are well in formed in material things, and to render a certain amount of homage to the man who, not being " above his place " in the scheme of creation, keeps an unshaken course by dint of a grave reserve of imagination and desire. 'But even the soundest creed may be tra vestied, and the principles by which men of the world regulate their lives are specially susceptible of caricature. Among those who ape the distinction without possessing the qualities implied by the title two Varieties have always beeoon prominent. The first con sists of persons who make a very little world of their own, and then pride themselves upon understanding its conditions. Theycom mit the original sin of mistaking Pentonvillo or Belgravia for the universe, and assiduously cultivate a localom wisdom which becomes the S'veriest folly when pushed beyond the narrow limit's of their domain. They suppose that existence is dependent upon the duo obsoery anone of the most trivial social rules, and they find in a reverent obedience to the latest etiquette a sufficiont ouro for all the maladies that overtake the soul. It makes but little difference in the essential character of this type whether it is found in the upper ton or the lower millions. In either case the pigmy individuality is about the same size, and whether it dictates the laws of lifo to the drawingroom or the kitchen matters abso lutely nothing. With such a person the man of the world is often confused, The larger outlook over lifo is not distinguished frdoni this quick insight into trivialities, and it is raishly concluded that, because a man knows exactly themost appropriato costume for; the skating rink or a garden party, he 'therefore understands the eternal con ditlons of human existence. This typo pro. sents, of course, the extreme form of carioa ture. The second variety affects a more plausible appearance, and the radical inm posture is not quite so easy of detection. Heo is not only a practical man, but a philosopher, and he is able to formulate the results of Ihis experience for the benefit of his follow oreatures. 'et professes to have endured in his time all the trials that overtako the most ideal beings, and to have colloetad a series of maxims which are to serve as a sure do fence against all attacks of the roeollious spirit. No problems of the soul are deemed too groat for his drivelling analysis. Lifo in its highest aspect is only the oxpres?ion of a few trite proverbs which may be committed to memory liks the rules in a Latin gram m. Once learned, those epigrammatic t n to conduct ought to serve for all the ,,,~s of human oxistenco, and the man who cannot thrust his lifo into the narrow dimon eions of this diminutive philosophy in a fool or a madman. It would of oeurso render existenoe very easy if its profmandest prinoi pies could be not to the snort of droning musni in which the philosophis man of the world delights. The art of living could then be acquired like a recipe for a pudding, and failure would ilways be attributablo to the omission of enlme particular ingredient. Within the limits of a singlo play Shake poaro les admirably pe'ossiillod thwee thsm' varieties of human clihin'acttr. It wsee neoee sary for the fall expreisioi of Hamlet's nituro that he should he brought into contact with the expononts of preatical ideas, and nacordingly the dramatist, with the utmusat rolinement of art, hloi relieved his oessntial asnworldllness against difI'oreut depths of the werdly characttr. be r'liind, indeed, is the first contrast that itl hihhu within it an olement of harnisuiy. ]hltwoon ] [aimilst and Horatio there is a close and en durhng frindaiip - i friendship which is in truth iassd upon tht ient pro. found dlifareones ct naturu, .oratih is the true type of thi man of the worlu, but thin ,worldliness Is so noble anld ustsooklng that it contrasts, without conflicting, with Ham let's ideal vision. Hamlet is in himself the expression in art of the artistic attitude towards actual facts. He is no nearer to the world than a spectator of a play to the life which it symbolises, and he is as in capable of carrying on a practical drama of life as the same spectator, if, sud denly summoned from his. place in the audience, would be of completing the un finished action of the stage. His constant endeavour is to put himself outside the cir cumstances with which he is brought into contact, and to get far enough away from them to be able to measure their value and determine their drift. This, which he believes to be the necessary preliminary to action, renders him at last entirely powerless to act. At each step he is only carried further from the real world, and though his vision of it grows in distinctness, he becomes only the more incapable of altering or reshaping the fixed lines of the picture which rises before him. It is true that his fate combines with his character to keep him thus a mere spectator of actual life. With happier fortunes he might have gradually bridged over the gulf that separated him from the reality, and he had already by his love for Ophelia attempted to find an ideal pathway that should lead him beyond the confines of mere speculation; but on the very threshold of the new realm he is met by a.orime that makes him shrink back with double recoil, while at the same time it compels him to terrible noaction. Side by side with this character we find the stead fast nobility of Horatio. Without a touch of what is sordid or selfish he never theless possesses the unfaltering grasp of facts and the sober reserve of feeling which mark the true man of the world. He bears himself gravely, but without cynicism or bitterness, as a man who has tutored him self to moderato desire by instinctive know lege of the little that life has to offer. Shakepoare takes the earliest opportunity of showing the different realms which these two men inhabit, and their natural remoteness from one another. Horatio's incredulity about the ghost, his terror in its presence, and his final array of precedents for such supernatural intervention are entirely charac teristic of a man strong in contact with all the shapes of earth, but weak as soon as he ceases to feel the firm ground beneath his feet. And Shakspeare has made Hamlet both feel and express the support which such a character gives him. The speech in whichhle declares his admiration of Horatio may be taken to sum up the qualities that belong to the man of the world: For thou hbast booeen As one, in suffering all, that suffers nothing, A man that fortune's buffllets and rewards Has ta'on with equal thanks. And blest are those Whose blood and judgment are so well eorn mingled, . That they are note pipe for fortune's finger To sound what stop she please.' ' i Those whosde' blbod and judgment: are, so commingled are the only men fitted to grapple with life as it is. They are nbt lost in the trivialities of existence merely be cause they studiously limit their vision to what is possible, nor do they ever err so far as to mistake the petty rules of conduciot for a divinely inspired philosophy. Between Hamlet and Polonius the con trast is sharper and more abrupt. The man who could appreciate the worth and nobility of Horatio's character, notwithstanding its distance from his own, did not fail to detect the social charlatanism of thle old courtier. Polonius is a type of the class of men who delight to translate a narrow wisdom into a still narrower philosphy. He holde a firm belief that the landmarks of human life are wiso saws and trite proverbs, and his lament able failure to understand all that lies beyond the trim garden of his own mind renders his philosophy, oven at his highest point of wisdom, just ai little short of the foots which it pretends to control. He begins by an endeavour to interpret the young Prince's nature. For a little while he indulges the belief that he knows both the souroo of the disease and its cure, and lhe gravely informs the King and Queen that he has discovered the very cause of Hamlet's lunacy, proceeding afterwards, with a pompous dooecorum, to trace its growth through the different stages of sadness, fast, weaknoss, and lightness. But, like all who supposo that practical wisdom is a more store of neatly-garnered proverbs, Polonius is, throughout the old drama, persistouently at fault in his calculations. Notwithstanding his most laborious efforts to be wise, he is never in the centre of the situation, and in at last hurried out of lifo without oven being permitted to indulge the kind of edifying dleath-bed scooeo that would so well have suited his ceremonious folly. He could have no part in the serious and awful climax towards which the drama was swiftly tend ing, and he is rightly dispatched by the dramatint at the moment whoen he might Ihve over-hoard things too groat for his foeblo eoul to compaus. But Shakepoaro lens reserved the most glaring contrast for the laet. The prtagmatie wisdom of Polo. niun has deceived many besides Olaudiee and the Queen, and his glib philosophy has boon quoted with approval by all who suppose that brevity is the coul of wit, end that the rulseh of life can slo mado a short lesson. Otrie is a more ovidsut oarioatearo. He ap pears at a time when not even the trae man hsood of horatio is of any avail to eteaan the fatal eurrent of evesnt, and when his precise triviality and elaborate dovotion to faeshion tlblo otiquette east a lurid light upon the principal action of the drama. 'lanmlet ad nairably leitas off the qualitiun of the rasu of mean sho lshtter upon the oUlrfuSse of society and pretend to a knowledge ot the world. They have "got the tune of the time and oue. ward haleit of onsnuitor; a dind of yeety nolloetios which carrii thesen throneagh and through the most faened and winnowed opinions, aeld do but lelow thies to theis' trial, the bubblos are out.' Ourine in his ace tiquo eotetos e, ic perhalp15 ssarsoly reeognlin absles y Ise feehlowse of the prohsent day, who elo not wear rapiers or luos e isk palrtiohlir dialhet; but he its nsitler Isttor nor worse than Ilundredss of ivery ago who area sa eountdl man of the wo'ld marasy heosuss they do not trauegrses tie lawi of the draw ingroom. it ice renurkasles that Shak.learo haes seot sndoiwed any of theeis shssacotorss with personal ambition. HIorati,,, Pelohnisa, asnd (.)erisi have all ean OXisitesnss indepsendett a if the main sstis tea drausa. hihev erse ceot intorosted ice the plat or ite evenn, el. thsough tlaey aro asroteieahet slereng ies pro grose, ead thes cosntr'eset which they lsrosonet with 'Haitnalet ile puroly ceae sf auhassrna'tor sea inasuonciee by fortune, In other phlcse Shakspouro Isaac irmagod for us men of the world whose control of facts is gained and exercised for private ends, and whose pra.c tical power is directed by ambition. Boling broke in Richard II, and Octavinus Crosar in Antony and Cleopatra, are splendid ex amples of great power used with distinct purpose. But in Hamlet the dramatist has simply endeavoured to contrast differences of character without the antagonism. which is begotten by opposing interests. Horatio was Hamlet's true friend to the last; Polonius was not less friendly in intent, and Osrie's diminutive brain could not have held ambi. tion. 