THE QUARANTINE GROUND OF PORT JACKSON. QUARANTINE is not a pleasant sound in British ears. The idea of losing liberty except in case, of sickness or crime is abhorrent to an Englishman's natuie Theie is an unhealthy Bound about the xciy name ol' quaiantino. When Mr SVVIVELLKR, remarked as ho took his seat on the stool purchased by Miss SALLY BRASS in the stieet opposite the hospital, "I hope it hasn't got fevcis 01 anything of that land about it," ho expressed the natuial feeling which people have about a quaian tine station. It may be healthy enough, but the piejudico is the other way. There may bo no one there ; but imagination peoples it with ghostB of small-pox, tx phus, and other deadly ¡maladies.. The place is haunted. To those of lamoie matter of fact turn, a quaiautine sta- tion is almost equally diaagreeablo. It is not a gaol, not a hospital, but it is both. In qua- rantine you are in an infirmary without being pick, you are in a gaol when you have com- mitted no clime. Nothing but the conscious- ness that a man is performing a duty whioh he owes to society can íeconcile him to this enforced confinement, and even then, like a true Englishman, he submits to it grum blingly. Yet it would he difficult to find a more lovely spot than the quarantine station of iSydney. Whoever chose, the situation must jhave had a íare taste for exquisite scenery. 'It may be that Middle Head is in itself moro picturesque, but it has not the view which Spring Cove commands. To the left aie the 'HeadB and the sweep of the Paoiflc Ocean. Following on are the bays and villas dotting their shores until the highei paits of Sydney itself come in sight. Then Middle Head shuts out the scene, but only with fresh natural beauties, while to the light ¿s Manly. When the afternoon sim begins to throw the shadows - which aie it a> ni in Austialian climates, ap<2 not cool, as so many painters persil "i making them- or, better still, ia tí«} glow of eaily morning the scene from the quarantine station is absolutely enchanting Natuie could have done no more , let us-come to the piactical-see xvhat man's xvoik is. The situation of the quarantine station was chosen about the time of Sir RICHARD «ROURKE, and the oiiginal accommodation xvas an old hulk moored off Spring Cove. Shoitly after, as hospital buildings were íequired, some old sheds used in the oiiginal gaol of the colony weie moved down to the point now known as the hospital ground, and there they remain to this day, the piincipal infumary of the estab- lishment. On a x essel being reported by the health- officer as hax ing contagious disease on board, the sick passengers aro moved to this old shed ; and those untainted-to use the strong but necessary term-go to the higher ground, where theie are other wooden build- ings, fitted with single beds, «omo twenty in a room, for theil accommodation Heie they are maintained at the expense of the ship for four days now (though formeily the ship's liability for expenses was longei) ; and after that time, and until they aie pronounced free from danger of contagion, at the expense of the Government. The hospital ground is fenced in, and no communication permitted between its inmates and the residents in the higher ground. The doctor is, of course, eqnally a prisoner with his patients, and he has quarters provided. Most dingy ones they are, too, just now at any rate ; for a small-pox patient having died some time ago in them, ¡the wallB were promptly daubed over with lime-wash. This has never been removed, and is now slowly scaling off, gix'ing the place a forlorn and scurfy appearance. There 'was only one exception to the non-communica- tion vale, which was when water was required. This could only be obtained from one spring, and the sick and healthy occa- sionally met theie, the former being attended by the hospital doctor, whatever service that might be. However, this is a matter of the past, and( sufficient water tanks being now provided, hospital requirement visits to the old epring are rare. Leaving the old buildings and going west- ward we come to the new quarters in course of erection. These consist of five large, airy weatherboaid houses. In the centre are the kitchen and servants' rooms, all under one roof ; to the right and left are houses for married people ; and a little lower down are two similar but rather smaller buildings-one for single men the other for single women. ''High up on the hill, and commanding a view ,of the entire ground, is the house of the Superintendent, Mr. CARROLL. The condition jOf the new buildings is not altogether satis factoiy. Rather more than two years ago there was a good deal of comment on the .want of sufficient accommodation in the qua- rantine station. For people disposed to "rough it" there was plenty of loom, hut there was none for those who could not, or for ?whom something better than immigrants' bunks were needful. Parliament accordingly voted money sufficient for the erection of one house for married people, and the kitchen and servants' rooms alieady spoken of. These were put up, and theie the matter stopped. In the following session more money was voted, and the result is forthcoming .in^the shape of the three additional buildings1 novyi ?being constructed by Mr. REYNOLDS, at Bal main, the contractor. The houses will he completed by him in about eight weeks, hut in the mean time everything is lamentably incomplete and unsatisfactoiy. Not that there is any fault to find with Mr. REYNOLDS. > On the contrary, he seems to have done his work remarkably well, especially consideiing the difficulties he has had to oveicome. But there is a t{ how not to do it " air about the whole job. In making this charge the best way will .beetPiSupportit by a tew particulars, it being premisßd that the present contractoi is in no way ref errred to or blamed. ' First, then, the two buildings which were first erected are even now incomplete. tThey are unfurnished and untenanted, save by whe worms, which have got into eveiy room in the married people's quarters, and which are work- ing away industriously. The outer locks ,of the rooms aie cheap useless affairs^ «and already out of order. There are no xylater 'closets, and no convenience at all of_ that kind. Out of five chimneys to the buildings three have been blown down, and the^gal yjxnized iron roofs to the verandahs injured by their fall, There are no grates or kitchen ranges, there is no permanent supply of w^ter, no fence around the buildings. To do the job justice, however, it should he stated that a tank is supplied to each house, that a contract has beea taken for the fencing, that tendéis for the furniture are invited that closets are about to be made, and that the measurements have been taken for the kitchen ranges. _ In course of time, therefore, the new buildings %ill be complete; and all wa have to hope foi is that thoTe -will be no necessity for their use before that time comes round. So far as we can make out. that convenient personage, Nobody, is to blame for this state of matters. Parliament did not vote sufficient money in the first instance j the contractor could not lceop his men, and during tho time that patients wero in quarantine he was shut out 1'ioin the woik. Mateiials had to bo brought from a distance and conveyed bj' barges, and during the wet weather the con- stant mud and dht made the piogress very slow. Sotno explanation of tho reason why it has taken two j ears and more to build fivo wcathcr boaid houses seems necessary, and this is tho best we can get. How far ifc is satisfactory the public must judge. Tutting a gi eat deal down to the debit of that official delay which it seems is inseparable fiom Government works of ovory description, some allowanco must certainly bo made for tho difficulties attendant on these builoings. With the excep- tion of the stone for the foundations, every- thing has had to be conveyed to the spot. There is abundance of magnificent stone on the ground. Some of the finest giaiued sand- stone about Sydney is to be obtained on tho quarantine station. The Band in the neigh- bourhood is equally prized. For the founda- tions iu was necessary to go down about four feet to the rock, and to build up on the surface to nearly seven feet in places. Then ihero was the inevitable difficulty of labour. The station is *' convenient " to Manly, and men employed nominally to work found their way from one place to tho other, but some- times not back again, and occasionally never came to woik at all. Agaiust these obstacles, and (it is said) against many more, the con tiactors have had to coutoud. All things considered, they have done their work quite as yyell as could be expected ; the Colonial Aichitect's Department has done all in its power ; Parliament has voted money whenever asked. Who, then, is rcponsiblo for the fact that the quarantine buildings are unfinished, the rooms unfurnished, tho water supply in- adequate, and the - giound unfenced ? Evidently nobody. So far as the accommodation in the houses is concerned, it will be ample and comfortable The two houses for married people are airy, and well adapted for this purpose, Each house contains si v. bedrooms 14 x 12 each, a passage 4 feet 6 inches wide, and a largo dining and sitting room 29 x IS A verandah 9 feet wide in the clear runs all round. The single folks' quarters have eipht bedrooms 12 x 10 each, and a mess-room 29 x IG, and a wide verandah also There is a tank and ono fireplace to each building. When completed and finished moie comfortable quarteis could not be desired, and the only thing to be complained of here is that notliiuo; ?\ finished except the old buildings and fittings, and they constantly need attention, It is due to the officials to say that attention has frequently been called to what is necessary, and from time to time something especially m gent is done. Official etiquette, or the knowledge that the more is granted the more will be required, prevents compliance with every re- quest, and possibly every request is not rea- sonable« Practically, however, the result is that everything is asked for in the hope that something will be done. And it must be remembered that a quarantine station is unlike any other Government department. These are kept constantly employed, but that is only wanted on an emergency, and generally a sudden emergency. The very un- certainty of the time when it may be required ought to be sufficient to ensure everything being in readiness against the occasion. A plague-ship may arrive at the Heads to- morrow, and the whole quarantine station occupied. True, it may not ; but that is no reason for want of preparation. A surgeon keeps his case of instruments in order though he may not perform operations every day. We do not wish to be misunderstood here. So far as the internal arrangements of the quaiantine station are concerned, they appear to be quite satisfactory. There is abundance of beds and bedding, and of the ordinary requisites for the sick. Mr. CABJIOLL has stores sufficient, and of course on occasion the supplies would speedily come down from Sydney. Two men oie employed about the grounds, the boats are in excellent order, and evidently the whole appliances of the place could be at once made effective. This is to the credit of the officials, and they are entitled to the praise. But this is beside the question now under considera- tion. The fact is that more than two years ago the public considered additions to the quarantine accommodation absolutely necessary. It is not complete now, nor will it be for two months longer. The fence round the new buildings will not be finished for at least five months, and even then the ground will not bo separated from the adjoining land. The work was, it may be presumed, one of urgency ; we submit, therefore, that it ough't not to be proceeded with at leisure. s. 