The Sketcher. A Drover's Diary. BY DRAMINGO. I met a fool 'i the forest. —As You Like It. APRIL 1, 1876.—I always considered motley as my proper wear, and it is therefore with a feeling of fitness strong upon me that I commence this record of my daily life upon the day sacred to All Fools. That it will be the diary of a fool, or a foolish diary (whichever you please), I don't doubt. But if I succeed in causing some pitying soul to drop a tear of holy sympathy for the hard lot of the poor drover; if I succeed in causing one kind heart to give an extra throb of tenderness and love as they read of the weary life of the over- lander, I shall not have written in vain. I shall be able to die happy. I intend to be very con- scientious in this to-be famous work. I shall commence with descriptions of the road and stations we pass; and when I find that getting too monotonous, I shall throw in a few feeble jokes and personal adventures; taking care to mention that a joke is a joke when I make it, else some people won't recognise them. Genius is not always appreciated even in Queensland. This reminds me of an unappreciated joke I made once. "This," I beg leave to remark, refers to the fact that somebody just called out and asked me if I knew at what hour the moon went down. Overlanders are interested in the moon, you know; we are like the clerks of St. Nicholas in that respect. But to get back to my joke. It was in a town or township in Queensland, and I was de trop—my two companions have since been made one, so you see why. I saw no get away that was not too palpable, and walked on with that sad feeling of mingled superiority and pity that always comes over me when I see the tender passion at work. It ought to be called the tough passion, I think. The beauty of the night came under discus- sion, and I listened for some time to gushing remarks of its being lovely, sweet, charming, &c.;, until she turned graciously to me and asked if I had nothing to say in praise of it. "Not of my own," I replied, "but"—I went on as I glanced down the deserted street to where a prosaic wood and iron establishment devoted to financial purposes was basking in the radiance of a full moon—"Shakespeare must have had some such scene as this in his mind's eye when he wrote 'How sweet the moonlight sleeps upon that bank.' " "He said nothing, and the said, "Yes, it's the Joint Stock Bank you're looking at." April 2.—I see, on looking over what I wrote last night, that I said nothing about the country or road. It was the play of Hamlet, with the Prince of Denmark left out. Well, here goes for a fair start. We camped last night at a cattle station called Stowe, and nobody made a bad pun about stow- ing it. From there about three miles brought us to the Calliope, a small river that runs into Port Curtis. The crossing is over a causeway of cement and stones, and it takes time to get a large mob of cattle over, as the water is brackish, and cattle strange to it evince a strong liking for it, and persist in stopping to drink and lick the salt on the rocks; requiring much exercise of that admirable virtue—patience. However, it is done; we pass the Lower Calliope station, and crossing a gravelly ridge, drop on to a gum and box flat, with a chain of lagoons down the centre, that the road follows up to the boundary fence, between the Lower Calliope and Mount Lar- combe. April 3.—We camped last night about a mile from the boundary, on a nice flat. To the left of the road is a large selection enclosed in a wire fence. The road from our camp to Mount Lar- combe passes through good open ridges and one or two well grassed and watered flats. From the verandah of Mount Larcombe House a fine view is obtained of Mount Larcombe, at the end of a vista that has been partially opened in the tim- ber. From the top of the mountain I was told that a splendid panoramic view could be obtained, embracing Curtis Island and the lower part of the Fitzroy, but the ascent from the station side is hard work. At the station a well-watered but boggy creek has to be crossed; a bad place for watering cattle. April 4.—Camped last night at the head of a pretty flat, about four miles from Mount Lar- combe, and after passing through the boundary fence between that run and Raglan came through some indifferent box forest, and emerged on a good open country with some fine lagoons on it. Here we overtook the bulls and spare horses I had started three days before us, and camped on a creek about four miles from Raglan Station, having the said bulls camped about a mile ahead of us. April 5.—Passed Raglan Station this morning, then through the two paddocks, the road run- ning alongside some picturesque serpentine lagoons; the country ironbark and box ridges. After issuing from the lost gate a salt water creek—Raglan Creek, I think—has to be crossed by means of a narrow culvert—a nasty place. A selection has been taken up here, for agricul- tural purposes I suppose, as a clearing has been made in the scrub, and a fine crop of corn was visible. Immediately on leaving the creek the cattle are plunged over their heads in long coarse grass, and this continues for about half a mile. A nice ironbark flat is then reached, with two or three pretty little round lagoons on the right hand side of the road. April 6.—Had to dive through long grass again for a mile after leaving the camp. The road then has the Raglan Creek for some distance on one side and ridges on the other, until the Six-mile Creek is reached. A dry log fence then runs parallel to the road on the right hand side, and on the left is the commencement of the Raglan Scrub, being, I think, the fag end of the great Dawson Scrub, but on this point I am open to correction. We are camped to-night at what is known as the Twelve-mile Yard, situated on the edge of a large marine plain, exceedingly well grassed and intersected by lagoons. It is, I believe, thrown open for selection in small areas, but not likely to be taken upon these terms, being too wet in the wet season. It is a pretty plain, but only fit to be worked in conjunction with other and higher country. The main scrub is a mile ahead of our camp, and we have four or five miles of it to go through to-morrow. April 7.—"I never loved a young gazelle," in fact I never got the chance; but I never made extra preparations for an early start but what I got baulked, and this morning was no exception. Eight horses away, so had to spell, as it was too late to tackle the scrub, in which respect— namely, the matter of time—the Raglan Scrub resembles the best worm: it requires an early bird. Found the horses at a little reedy water- hole inside the scrub. They were very comfort- able, seemingly. They, the horses, had been kept about the camp in order to secure an early start. About eleven o'clock they were missed, and I took one of the night horses to have a look for them. In the course of my search I followed the lagoons we were camped on up into the scrub, and could not help being struck by the sere appearance the scene presented. It was nearly full moon, but the night was still and cloudy, it was a distinct light but not a brilliant one. The barren soil and tall, grim, upright trees all round had a weird look, and the hollow in front of me had two or three waterholes in it fringed with coarse rushes at their edges, and full of inky-black water. Everything was still and death-like, but a disagreeable feeling came over one that un- cannie forms were stealthily watching, from out the dark shadows that backed up the ghostly-looking tree trunks, and following up your horse as you rode on. All the surroundings were in keeping—the black water, the mirk light, the utter stillness, the barrenness, save for the rushes that fringed the dark water, and above all the straight dark trunks of the trees stretching all round so bare, and gaunt. If I had seen the slightest thing resembling a ghost I would have put the spurs in in a way that would have astonished the old horse. As I turned round to retrace my steps one of the working bullocks in the distant camp commenced to lick himself. The deep-toned bell on his neck tolled regularly as he did so, and curiously noting I counted twelve strokes. I looked at my watch, and by a strange coincidence it was exactly twelve o'clock. I didn't hunt about any more there; I made sure a ghost would come next. April 8.—Got away early this morning, and got through the scrub. Like the bold St. Clair— We saddled our steeds in the fading night, We mounted when dawn was near. But instead of following his example when They slipped the good hounds with the dim gray light, On the track of the white faunch deer, we slipped ourselves on the track of the cattle. The thickest part of the scrub has a cleared road two chains wide running through it; after that a good deal of barren country has to be passed through until the Eight-mile Creek is reached. 