WANTED A WIFE. tili ,7 j THE CONFESSION OF AN INDIVIDUAL . .. WHO IS NOW A CONFIRMED CELTBAOIST. Au-cli ' By Maiik Johnson. .i , I have suffered severely, and I am Teaolvcd , the public shall know tho reaaon why. Iam '' : ' of opinion that if, through error, a man ,- j reeets with Dninf ui oxperioncea, it is hia ii - dntyto exhort others to bewaro of what ) , ' V ' proved so fatal to hia own happiness. Thaq .I. ;. - ig the reaeon I am writing this. I invite all 1' ' reembors of celibacy to read and ponder I d'-V ' over it. It is meant especially for them. My name is Kolliwob— Thomas Kolliwob nndl a very fow months ago, there was not ' r' 1 "' a lighter heart in tlio eity of Melbourne than mine was. I do not believe one so heavy arid cure-laden could bo found in a day's inarch as mine is now. This is how it — was : — Several months ago a brother of mine, who was .pretty well-to-do, died in the "old country," nnd left his property exclusively to , myself. I felt no iuelinption to go "home," nnd so, by a little legal formula, I i' ' got tho money, £3030, transmitted out here. , I was living in a little up-eooniry plaeo "V when it arrived, — working for a" cockatoo farmor," — but no sooner did I grasp thej \- realisation of my good fortune, than I thro.v up my billet and started for M«l- , bourne, Of course I enjoyed myrelf rery ' much, — who; would not under p,)''; the circumstances? — and I . night havo gone on 'gratifying myself in !an easy . sort of way for an indefinite period, had not ' ! . . . an idea, which heretofore had never troubled me in the least, began now to torment no — I wanted to marry I In my micd I turned over ail the members of tho gentler box with whom . I wa", more or Ipss, acquainted,, but I cmild not dooidc favorably upon nny particular ono. Aftor torturing my brains for a'conple of weeks over the subject, I, at last, re solved upon the most foiilsh thing I ccuhl possibly have dn/e — I would advertiso, I accordingly inserted the fol lowing in Tnn Hbrald: — / " Wanted, a single Ladri between thirty nnd forty, to not as honseVeeper to n single gewtleman. To ono go(«-looking and af- fectionnto, the place offiira superior induce ments, a3 the advertiser is well-to-do, considered handsome, and is desirons to emerge from a state of celibacy. Apply, personally or by lefter, to Mr T, Koliwob, Bnznak Cottage, L/nsdnle street west." Since my arrival! n Melbourne I lind been residing with a Mrs Mnrnliy, with whom I bad been vcij' comfortable, She was n "lone widow, "''with the exooption of ono sweet boy of t)n summers, Patrick by name, and tho two— tho mother especially — took very kindly io me. Indeed, I nsed to bub- pcct Mrs j(urphy of having shrewd designs upon tho ritadel under my left ribs. But, perhaps/ that was only my jaundiced solf- conceit/for alio was a superb creature, fit to join with any man in glorious enterprises, although she did get lier living by hard wovf. On tho evening my advertisement appeared, Mrs Murphy bad gone cut to the honse of a friend, nnd would hot be homo till late. I made myself oom- fortnble in the parlor with my cigars, a bottlo of wine, and the daily journals for com pany. I might have been seated thus for about nn hour when n timid tap came to the street door. Upon opening it I perceived a slendor lady closoly veiled, and attired 'n widow's weeds, Who inquired in n low voice, whether a Mr Koliwob resided in the 'house. I in- vited her into tho parlor, nnd thenee to a sent,- introducing mysolf at tho r-nme time. She gavo a little start, accompanied by a very faint scream, ond seemed just rho least bit agitated at tho announce ment, but made no further attempt at con versation, and I began wondering what \- npon earth it conld bo sho wanted of me, for I had entirely forgot my advertise ment, After a few momcnL's suspenso I com menced in what I believe to bo tbo orthodox mode in each cbbos — "May I nsk for what, purpose I nm honored with this visit, Mrs ?" " Mcekle," murmored the low voice, " Thank yan. May I beg to inquire for what purpose I am honored with this visit Meekle ?" " Oh, sir I" sho replied, with a most deli- eionsly interesting quaver, " please pardon my radeness, but I linva come in answer to your advertisement." " Oh I" I said, nnd I did not sny anything else for two full minutes. At tbo end of that time Mrs Meekle broke the silonco with : "If yon will take me, Mr Koliwob, yon' will ecc I can be as loving as ever any man could wish." God bless nae, how earnest tho woman seemed, and I had no more idea how to be have or what to say than if I was thd veriest booby. I began to feel hot and cold. "Certainly," I Btammercd, "certninly. I have no donbt of it." Just the very words I had no business to say. " Thank you," said tho low, sweot voieo. " I nm so happy to think you agree with mo. I had a presentiment to day that I should soou meet with something that would cheer my lone heart, and it has como true. Thank God I" "May I inquire what yonr presentiment was," I inquired, to ennble mo to gain time. Oh I Mr Koliwob," she replied; "something whispered to my heart this morning that it wonld meet , to-day with something that — r-f " " 1 — wonidsootho all its sorrows. Something has' whispered the same thing many times be fore, but not er so strongly as to day. Ah I Mr Koliwob, you little think liow such whispers bnvo cheered my poor, lone, bisom." " No," I said, " Certainly not." I felt I must Bay Bomemething. " And, now," she continued, in hor low, plainlivo tones, "nnd now my bosom will find whatit lmscravedforso long. No more sighing ; no more pining, and, O, Mr Koli wob, it has been pining and sighing sadly sinco I lost m.v poor, denr Thomas, four long, weary years ago. Is your namo Thomns, Mr Koliwob?" 1 "Yes," I said, wondering what in the world was coming next, , " Ah 1 I knew it i , I know it as well as possible," she went on. " Whon I saw T. Koliwob in the advertisement I knew tbo T. meant Thomas. My heart has nothing left to wish for. Your face is like Thomas's Was, andT know yonr heart will bo kind te my four poor, little ones." Then, in a wild burst of feeling, " Oh, Thomas, Thomas I I do so lovo yon already, you dear, deary, I good, old soul," And I'll be hanged if tbe | old lady didn't plump herself on my knees, and commence to hng mo before I knew ' where I was. It is n positive fact. Just then the door was flung open, and young Pat ruBhed in, stopping short, how ever, nnd opening his eyes and month to nn alarming extent at tho scene before him, "If ye plazo, Mietur Kolibob, there's a couple o' ladies waltin' to seo ye," ho blurted ont, and the next moment scampered off. It was imperatively necessary sometbiug should be done, nnd I did it, or at least I tried. " Mrs Meeklo, conduct yourself calmly, I beseech you. Consider the situation we are in. Let mo beg of you to retire to yonr homo, nnd I will speak with you on the sub ject to-morrow." "No I No 1 O, No I" was tbo tearful answer of tho confounded woman as 'she . eskied closer to mo. "Don't send me I nwny. Yon want to seo those two ladies just come in, I know you do, and they will steal you nwny from me, Tommy, deary, don't send me nway," " I insist upon your withdrawal," I said, in a tone of voice which I considered to be terribly impressive. That settled ber. She gnvo me a hng, from whioh there was not the ghost of n chance of escape, and then, dropping her veil ever her wrinkled fnco and nearly toothless gums, took her.departnro with the assevorated assurnnoo that she. would bo sure to call in tho morning, \ What a sigh of relief I gave as she departed, it is almost impossible to imngino., I had no timo for self-congratulation, however, for there — in tho passage near the aoor — stood tho two — two Indies, who had arrived a short time before, introduced them selves to the parlor, and to scats. I never saw two such specimens of tho genus, " old man," in all tho days of my life, Tall, gaunt, withered and generally decayed, I There they ant before me, as terribly erect I and stiff as though they had nnch swallowed a poker, to say nothing of shovel or tongs. I began to feel qualmish as,- In a hasty glance, I took in-the points of the horrible twain. I wns more than half resolved to excuse myself for a moment on Bomo false pretcnee, and then clenr from the house at a run. Afterwards I wished to tho Lord I had dono bo. One of them broke tho silence with :— "Allow me ;" at the same time, thrnsting toward mo a couple of ladies' visiting cards, on which was engraved : — Miss Rosamond db Jonbsi, Miss Beatrice de Jonbsi. I glared at the pieces of cardboard for nbout ,a minnto, and then put, forward tbo stereo typed phrase with whioh I had opened tho ball with Mrs Meekle: T ' ' "j Taj most atloiant of tho two rcjjlbd,1 rem- msncing with the most excruciating attempt j at'a snile it it possible to imngini:— i ! ''My Bister Beaty, chancing to observe ' your |3hallonJo in The TIerali has1 do- I Bircd mo to accompany her to y in. in tbo hopo that you may prove favoijiily im pressed with) the qualifications the m»y I poBtets, She is such A modest, tlnid, little thing that eho felt sho bad nok'nerr" to come alone. 'Indeed, Mr Koliwotjjixtronie j timidly and (ho most sensitive deiency are I her qiief characteristics, and — if you /will i oxous) me, j sir— I can asswo i you they spring! from a heart phildliko in ita purily, nnd overflowing : with a sweetness! as rare as it is \ doll- cioas.'' | " 0,Boey, don't I ", interrupted tlio other anoieffi. I ' ' " Bs qnist, |yon foolish little thing 're sumed Miss Il09y in a playful manhr. " Yonjwill readily agree, Mr Koliwob, tnnt snoh traits as jl mentioned as appertain' to my cear sister— whom I shall be 'jJSnrta lose — can emqnato from nono butc,musj that aiofull ota rnro sweet love which ;t ;a assuredly bled and exalt that whicl lavished npon? " roaj. My denr reader, what in the name a j ness vronld yod havo said at this jurj ' Un- For myself, I simply fnnttereil, I was doubttdly," «Bd the next moment )mean- al armed to ses Miss Rosy rise witb n that ing smile, jand say, — " Now sister I hare introduced my timid yening, allow -me ! to say good ojy and being well aware that two is compiij como three Is nono, and treating yon wi with' to a desirable understanding ,'hich — one another on tho subjoct.-o if yon pnrdoa me, ; dear Mr Koliwobi .tit pro- could keep as secret as possible, m "pnt, it bablj snit m; door sister's tempera i Sissy beirif so peculiarly sensitive, Ta-tJ' Be ji good girl," , human Aad the I hideous piece of - any lips parchment — after pressing hor skitsEmm 1 1 upon tho delicious Beaty 's oheok — iharohed for tlio door, > " Hold oil," ' madam;"- 1 gasped— (ind by nil enormous effort I gathered together my bewildered wits —"hold on. There Is some mistake. I think itnedessary I should have a soy in such a mntter as this. I am not aware of having ' glvn any enoonragementB to warrant yon in tlie belief that I havo any pnrticulor .wish, tp;,ponncct myself with your family ; if:I have,, I mnst beg your pardon for what must have dropped unconsciously. Your sister may bp all you say alio iB — I do riot doubt it, iii' tho least; but, my dear madam,, pemllt me to ' Jay alio is — she is not .exactly the. sort, of pereon — you understand — tho kind 'o£"-n— "I comprchond," interrupted' ! the' imper turbable old flint, as sho returne'd and took a seat in alarming proximity >cto my own ; " I comprehend exaotly1, andipadmiro your candor. , My sister's temperament nncf mine differ in many essential points. My own nature is n free And gushing one — bub- ' bling up in various ways, and 'scattering light and Bunshine over tile paths of 'all those lovCB, If, Mr Koliwob, if you think fyou can perceive anything in ma suited to-: your dis cerning taste, my poor, Beaty would, not feel herself aggrieved, and I wiil do my. utmost to mako the years wo oling to one: another as happy ns happy oonid be," (To it: continued.) ;i f 