HIUMOUR OF TIHE NEW YORK TIIIES. (From the Melbourne Arigu.) TaE Now York Times is never frolicsome, though often facetious, and its humour is almost invariably grim and saturnino. It seems to say, "you may laugh as much no you plo?.? at my solomn drollery but you over my impassive counrtoan leo o;?.g Times having received a letter from at news paper corroupondent named Richardson, who was reported to have beon shot (lond by the Indians, claiming to be still alive and well, dovotes a l(aoding artiolo to prove that he moust ho considered to be defunct, inanmuch no "'if he is to he quietly permitted to pasn himeolf off an a live man, the publio horo after will have no occurity that anybody il thoroughly d(lead." r. Richardson, it wac statod in an Aaoosiatod Prous telegram, had booen riddled by twenty bullets and thon coalpod. Mr. Maurs, with other prominent citizonn of Deadwood, buried the ' romaine," and th there the matter ought to have ended. Insttoad of which the irrepressiblo Riohard non turns tip again, arid will insit upon foitingti himnolf upon the community as a live American ! Naturally enough the Timeso protests. "The unfortunatn man," it obeorvun, " had nothing to complain of in connoeion with the ?lhitu?rioe wvhich thu n?enpapere publinhod inimmdti iitely upon receiving tlihe nnn of hill death. It being oerltai that lih wan not only dend but blluried, he w?I otaigh)tway credited with thie abudanlt virtues ndl oxtraordinary goiiiui to which overy tlsad journ, list in entitled alt thii hlandt l of the writers of lia obitluiry. Hlundredits of mian who hald hiver bli. fori hlearld hnli nhumn promptly slit down i and wrote of hin rnodtlybry, lr, and niquie lileritry ihill inl a utvyl that would haveo inatiltled the mot conceitod Ilnd exactitt osrpno. Andll yet iMr. Riohirdlon, with h I aolc of dtllHiinly whilh io nio eonpicutou an tlii de. fltaet of entablinhed ft?ute, dtliberatrly tplrurn thenl pitnliiuliO trihuton of mihpnillald eontiiiul, enid Ioldly uimlr thaIt he in rnot dead. It in lpolnible thalt lile letteor m(ay htnpoonl) upnl thouightlmeo popln by this alboer Ifro ofi itn i purlll ie . 'ThI's nliu t liltu t oxalii. nationi, however, ltlhw that it in fiatally wounl. In nupport of thi hint thalt lii in thid, we hlve the tottmollny of lheI moln who found nd llll llrid hill body, whith Isutirnacy it still hIrthur fortiultd by their pounol i ion of MrI. litiihardlo n'i i nlllll lorandu-lll li hioolk, found in tli corpopi' innido bromu-p.oohot. \VWe hlivioi i ti t( i ti mots ny of thei tol)tgraph-operator lat Ftort ianratiie, aitind of this whole prowls of the oounltry, which without a ningle eoe?ption ohrniiliod hii tloeith, and moirniidl hin lon,. In llonltrditUi on of ihin mann of ooonluiiv oevidinioc., whint doen A?r. Ri?tnhardisn glive Iln P Simply hlii biar, nlnultpportid denial. Il tunlt halve n iuriolil st nmte of thn rlnonlling powers11 oi hin follow-oun.iiltrymianl it hl expioien thii to hol hvo hini ell llo word nligelinit tlih united tIntiinony of Mir John Milarelh nd ither pro minint itizannn of Deuadwood, i( thl thltgraph. operator lit Fort ILrtriili, llll (Iiof ovlry nIIIY?cpeui-lr Inl the United ( nttlo(, If Mr. Rinhardtl eol in rctally alivo, It rntt uponl hhn to explain whe~e lh pro suerol a plllall with which to xhutlln himnolf ailtr hiln hurl-l, Until hIn iprductuos ht Ipudo, togiothor with th(li tanll who oelld it (to him, hle cannot ?lnlvivno l thilintllllug an I h t hli in not il in hill n h I rave. fis munt ilto explain how h stnlloppld t It tin) l twenty bIlt-hilulii which wcro found inl hi haolldy, antl hflow he got hi, hair hootk aail. Prethihly his wuntd lnlllrt hlt Ill pllrn n dll lll ovll r anlll tllhe Indlll lan who had sminlphd him, ind tihe ronuptlurntl hill hilr. WeV u111t hav e otluher toltilnouy thllan 1i(l own hoforo ba. lievlng no inlrnllnnt0it y ilprollhr ahlh it ngtory." 'hii, it inust e anltulwltleged, in 1" oxcel lIht i'o.ling," cnudi the unwuavring gravity with whioh thei argtunumnt altaiint Mr. Rihti? rdlon'o Oxintonui i iii iutaiiti l iii notl, unworthy of the grant maunltor of irony, who sontnletld--in iopposition to Jl.artridgeo ' pilr. novurinlg astlovlratiolltl that lh, lhad inot didl upon the ihiy whiclh Swif't preiliotd il thill ditl t of Ilin domini..--tlhat hlo wan n?o great ia liar it wnll imllpunible to reocuivo It tteatimtny pllon onth. lBut the Novw Yolrk TLirone will ocolnlionilly condn(lloolllnd to jllayful hlautor, uand it ii never o hapllllpy fili when hlnfillig populahr pr.I)ri1 0rli, or ilmlilinlug llurry over the pimrfornlilioslt oil' spnitint intodilhililu . Ith, in tolleotlug and arranging some information in one of its leading articles, for tho guidance nod instruction of amateur ghnost-catchere, it indulges in the following pleasantry cou cerning one of the number: " More than a year ego Mtre. hull, an industrious spiritual medium, established a preserve of material ised ghosts in her house in Portland. The superi ority of her artificially.bred ghosts over the wild ghoste of the graveyard and the traditional haunted booaose was soon generally acknowledged. From behind a curtain hung noross a corner of her dining room she wquld prodcibe ghosts of all sizes and of any desired sex in unlimited quantities. Her male gholte were not perhaps as large as those produced by the Eddy Brothers, but they were plump and well-proportioned, while her female ghosts were remarkable for their grace and beauty. Of course she exhibited only one ghost at a time-for ghosts are well-known to be unsocial, and to object in the most decided manner to materialising in squads, or even in coupled. Now and then a wicked sceptio insisted that Mrs. Hull personated each and every one of her ghosts, but receontly she adopted the plan of permitting the hem of her skirt to project under the edge of the curtain behind which she sat while professionally employed, and thus convinced the publio that she could not be playing the part of a ghost on the platform while her skirt remained boe hind the curtain." But lMrs. Hull was captured by a couple of unbelieving doctors, and this leads the Times to consider the whole question of ghost-catohing with a view to reduce it to a science, like angling, believing that they might be taken with the bare hand provided they were previously tamed by a plentiful supply of ground- bait composed of flattery and professed oredulity. "It is also probable," obsoerves the Times, " that ghosts may be taken with a fly made in the shape of a now bonnet, and deftly thrown immediately in front of the ghost, or in the noighbourhood of the cabeiot in which the ghosts are keown to lurk. However the sport is yet in its Infancy, and'it would be unsafe to decide absolutely in'favor either of the trolling-lino or the fly. That:t is wholesome and delightful sport, in whatever way it may be practisld, there is. no doubt, and as the ghost season is just beginning, we shall soon hear from all parts of the country of the capture of magniflcent single ghosts, and of fine mosses of smaller but no loes desirable spooks." It gives one a novel impression of the Amerioan oharacter to find that in the midst of the tumultuous excitement of the presi dential campaign, the loading journals of New York are oapablo of such dtlaseomenta na the above, and that they find accoptance with the eoneral publio. 