THE PULPIT. BIGOTRY. By the Rev. T. De Witt Talmage. . " Let every innn be J'nlly persuaded hi bis own f/^W."—ROMANS itiv., -3. 1 . '-THERE had been a hot discussion upon the I subject of dietetics. There were some vegc- I t-arians in Paul's day, who thought it was rightto'eat nothing hut herbs: others thought that men ought to be unlimited in their choice of food. Between these two parties there was a collision. Paul comes in to decide the matter, and says: " Now, let this quarrel stop. You men who want to eat herbs, eat herbs. You men who want to be unlimited in your choice of food, be unlimited in that choice. Your own consciences must decide the matter: ' Let every man be fully persuaded-in his own mind.' " That is the connection of the text, and it lays down a principle applicable to ten thousand cases of conscience. The religious world is divided into a great variety of parties and sects. Some of them were established by good men, and some by very egotistic men, and some by very bad men. I have no time to name the Colonists, and. the Antinomians, and the Socinians, and Sabbatarians, and Swedenborgions, and Arminians, and Baxterians, and Campbellites, and Dunkers, and Shakers, and Parkerites, and scores of other denominations of religionists. Between some of these there is only a difference of words; between others there is a difference as wide as between truth and error, between light and darkness, between heaven and hell. While our conscience will not allow us to choose some of these beliefs, we must allow to others the liberty of conscience which we demand for ourselves, remembering that they.no more differ from us than we differ from them. I wish to advocate the very largest liberty in matters of religious belief and discussion. In all questions of art, and social life, and politics, and religion, let there be no intolerance, no moving of the previous question, no gag law, no persecution. You know that the air and the sea keep pure by constant circulation, and there is a tendency in religious discussion towards purification and moral health. Between the fourth and sixteenth centuries, the Church of God proposed to keep down all error by prohibiting free discussion, and bv the strict censorship of the Press, and by rati and gibbet, and hot lead down men's throats to keep them orthodox; but the world has found out that you cannot change men's beliefs by twisting off their heads, or make them see things differently by putting an awl through their eyes. Theft? is in every man a conscience which will upheave the mountain, with which, you try to crush it, and, unsinged of the fire, it will make red wings out of the flame on which John Huss mounts to glory. We must let men have differences of theological belief. In those very times that I speak of, between the fourth and sixteenth centuries, when all religious discussion was prohibited, members of the Church went publicly from the house of God to the brothel, and along by consecrated altars there flowed a tide of drunkenness and licentiousness and abomination, and the very sewers of perdition broke loose, deluging the Church with filth and rottenness. Then the printing-press came and it broke those shackles; but it has also poured Upon the earth a great many bad books. After this, and right on the heels of these foes of Christianity, there came a healthful literature such as the world had never seen; and where there was one man to malign the Christian religion, there came twenty to defend it; and in reply to the assaults upon Christianity, there were written, " Butler's Analogy," and " Watson's Apology for the Bible," and " Dissertation on Miracles," and " Newton on the Prophecies," and " Law's Theory of Religion," and the " Bridgewater Treatises," and scores of other profound, brilliant, and immortal works, which never would have been written but for the assaults of infidelity. I am not afraid that, in this contest between truth and' error, truth will be worsted. I am not afraid of error if we place close beside it the truth. Let error run! urged on by sceptic shout and transcendentalist's spur: let it run ! God's angels of wrath are in hot pursuit, and quicker than eagle's beak dutches out a hawk's heart, God's vengeance will tear it to pieces Let it run, if you only let truth run along with it. In this great fight between right and wrong, the right-will conquer as surely as that God is stronger than the devil. The Church never has lost anything by generosity on this subject, and we cannot have our own rights of religious belief respected unless we respect the rights of those who differ from us. I thank God that men do not all think alike on religious subjects. You cannot see though my eyes. I cannot hear through your ears. man shall lord it over oar consciences. You mav heard of the king who had a great deal* ot" trouble with his subjects. He was afterwards imprisoned, and to while away the time he made watt ^ fliy* ; and after he had made them, he tric5 the watches tick alike, and all the clocks" *trike alike. Gf course, he failed. Then he sa^S "What a foolish king 1 was! How could I £tpeet if I cannot make all these watches tick alike, and all these clocks strike alike, to make mv subjects j alike.". I propose, to-night, to speak of bigotry—its causes, its evils and its cure. Men have tried to make us believe that this monster with horns and hoofs is religion. We shall, to-night, try to hunt it down and drag it out of the caverns of darkness, and rip off its hide. Distinguish between bigotry and lawful preference for any religious belief or form. I nave no faith in "a nothingarian. In a world of tremendous temptation and vicissitude, and with a soul capable of gigantic joy or suffering—a soul that .will have to stand before a throne of insufferable-brightness, in the day when the rocking of the mountains, and the flaming of the heavens, and upheaval of the sea, will be amid th'e least excitements, to give an account for every thought, and wish, and preference, anil dislike—X suy, in Mich a world, and with these coit>i(lerations, that man who lias no religious preference is mad. "tVe will, by our Oarly education, aiul by our ]>hyrical temper:!inont and mental constitution, have proclivities toward certain churches and certain fonns of worship. That psalmody which I like might displease yon. Some people like to sco n minister ot' Christ in gown, and bands, and surplice; others prefer to see him in plain citizen s npp:tivl. Some people are more iin| pressed when they see a little child for baptism, : and its white brow is sprinkled with water, in solemn benediction, in the name of tho rather, and the Son, aud lioly Ghost: while others are more impressed wheu the penitent comes np out ot the river, liis garments drippiug with the waters that typify the wasliiug uwav of sin. Some persons like no noise in prayer— not 11 whisper—not_ a word: others, just ns goo to utter their devotidmi! aspirations. ]Srou*, let there be no dispute upon this subject.. You like one way best, and I like the other wn w X have no quarrel with my neighbours. They have quiet in their house; 1 have quiet in do hot think that the prosperity of their house depends on upsetting the peace of mine; nor do I think that the. happiness of my house depends upon marring theirs. So it ought to he in the kingdom of Ciirist— different religious homes, but good neighbourn?°T \- , eace on car£b and good will to men." That is the way when the Quaker talked nidi George Whiteiield. They hnd had some hot words on unimportant things, and the Quaker turned to George"WTiitefield and said: " George, a^i > ^ anl bringing all men to the hope of the Gospel. Therefore, if thou wilt not quarrel with me about my broad brim, I will not quarrel-with .thee about thy black gown. Give me thine hand." Ill the feat place, bigotry often starts in wrong, education in the home circle. Tiiere are very good people who. educate their children in the wrong direction iu tins respect, saying things about other denominations of Christians, and caricaturing them, and tlirowing slurs upon them, which always hare a baleful influence in the household. Sometime children come up and go out into the world, and look into these churches against which they have been specially warned, and find in these churches the people love God and keep His commandments, and bv a natural reaction they go there. I could mention the names of prominent ministers of the Gospel who once spent much of their time in bumbaniiiig certain denominations of Christians, who lived to see their sons preach the Gospel in those denominations. Then the superior power of any one denomination in a community often males bigots. People think that all other churches are wrong, and that theirs is right, because it happens to be more fashionable, more wealthv, or more influential; and they talk about "our choir," mid. our minuter," and "our church," and they toss their heads, and have a patronizing air, wanting other denominations to know their places. how, I think it is far bettor that in even- community the great denominations should have about equal influence, marching side bv side for the world's conquest. Let us remember that mere outside prosperity and worldly power mo no evidence that a church is acceptable to God. Better a ham, with Christ in the J25 c^r-1 e?Jie?ral wfh arches like those of St. Michael's mLucea, and traceries like those of Bayeux—magnificent harmonies rolling through long drawn aisles, and an angel from heaven proclaiming from the pulpit, if there be no Christ in the chancel, and no Christ m the robes. That religion is a poor, mean starrlmg thing which is made up by bookbinders and upholsterers. The religion of Christ oftener eits on the curbstone with Lazarus than in the palace with Dives, and helps Xaboth to cultivate his vmeyanl oftener than Ahab to rule his kingdom. Men often do the opposite to what people suppose. They sometimes go up to hell and down to heaven. Dives went up and Lazarus went down. Do you know where they came out.- Trauspose the positions. further, ignorance is the mother of bigotru Knowledge enlarges the mind. Ton sddom S,™ P^hffent man who is a thorough bigot, it is the man who think* he knows a great deal hut does not. In the far East there is an obelisk, I have been told. One side of it pother sideof it is blue, and another side of it is green. The story says that once Tw.ni f* to Iook at ttat obeliskThey did not trouble to walk around it but eaph looked at one side and came back ' Thp travellers met, and they got into a fierce con! test—one saving that that obelisk was white h% that " "oas blue, ana another that it was green. "Stop this contest," said some one, coming in. "T waited aU mound that obelisk, and find that y« ^lnght, and all wrong." Look out for a man who see, but one side of a question, and takes but one view of everything. Better a man who, by his intelligence and Christian faith tan walk nil around the religious subject, and know all. sides. If there is any man to be pitied, it is the man who has jnst one idea in his head no more, no less. Better an entire blank, as we sometimes find it, overthrown.! the philosophic theory that an entire vacuum is impossible; bettor vacuity tlmn just one id ™ in his head. It wanders up and down seeking i !k ? iD!?jn0ne',in IKrPeluaI lonelintS and o_chelorhood, waling through the desert of tho mans intellect. Let a man give his life to the discussion of the doctrine of election or the doctnnc of free agency, or the subject of baptism, or the perseverance'' of the saints, and he will be imbecile in bodv and in mind Bigotry puts its hand on a man's head ami flattens liis skull, and makes him lean and cadaverous, and exhausts him. Run up vour colleges and your schools and universities. Biaosrv cannot live under these influences. ^ Look now at the evils of bigotry. f„ the l'h'ce,,/ cripples indigestion. Thedifferent ucnominatioiis were intended, bv bolv rivalrv un.l honest competition, to keep cadi oilier should*!^ ono denomination of Christians l ! i , > ?le fhe word of God, there would tVhite rW^V0 ' .e ^h denomination of Christians • ought to prcacli all .tho.dootrines .otlho-Bil; tiiiuk that it is llm iiilf ilini j»f r iinj\ftg»i""rin lion move eiupliatiaill^.tb prea.^Somo'onc doctrine. For instance, I think, it is tho mission of the Calvinistic Church td present tho complete sovereigntypf-God; or tfhe Arnnninn Chuv»di to pTC^nt;;imin's Episcopal Cliurdf to show the importance of older and solemn ceremony; ojMhe baptist show the individual responsibility 1 Church to .— - . . of its'members; of the Mulluvlist to show what holy enthusiasm and good hearty congregational singing can accomplish. While, as I say, eacli denomination ought to present all" the doctrines, each denomination ought to mako, oue of those doctrines especially emphatic^. Now, bigotry shuts one out from all these lessons.. The man will not make an impartial investigation, and he cannot reason v "All others are wrong, and I am right/' and'there the matter ends. From the glorious realm of God's truth, over which the arehaiigel might fly from eternity to eternity without touching the limits, they shut themselves out, and die like hlind moles under a corn-sheaf. Another evil of bigotry is,. that it prejudices people against Christianity.,; T\\\6 churches of God were not made for war barracks. Tins perpetual bombardment of other sects drives men away from religion. ; People are afraid of riots. You go down the street and you see a contest—men lighting with men, and missiles thrown. ^You hear the report of. firearms. You are not foolish enough to go through that street; you go around the block. - Well, men have looked off sometimes upon this narrow path to heaven, and they have said: " Ibelieve I will take the broad road. There are so many ecclesiastical brickbats being thrown in that narrow path, and there is so much sharpshdotiug, I thiuk I-will take the broad road/', * Ah 1 j my friends, that religion is not- worth much which is not tall enough to look over the fence. I have more admiration for a Spanish bullfight, and believe it to be more merciful and honourable, than the combating of those carnivorous ecclesiastics. Francis the First was so prejudiced against the Lutherans, that he said if there was a drop of Lutheran blood in his veins, ho would puncture them with a knife and let them drop out. Such hostility against other denominations of Christiaiis drivo men away from the cross. So, also, bigotry hinders the Church's triumph. How much "wasted energy; how many men of large intellect who have , given' their time to abstract arid controversial dispute, when, if they had devoted it in the right direction, they would have been gloriously useful! Their hooks lie on the shelf of college State libraries, Sleeping the long sleep of the ngek.' "Who cares now which of the doctors of divinity got the victor}' in that thirty years' "war .about a participle? Suppose there were a common enemy riding up the Narrows to-morrow morning, and our batteries here around New York were to fire into each other, you* would cry out, "National suicide!" . And yet that very thing la often, done in the Church of Christ. "While all the navies of darkness have been riding up the bay, sect has been warring with sect, and theological belief with theological belief, and there has been suicide instead of conquest. I go out some summer-day, and I And that there are two bee-hives quarrelling with each other, I come up toward them. I do not come near enough to get stung, but I como near enough to hear the contest between them. The one cries out, " That field of clover is the sweetest." The other cries out, " That field of clover is the I sweetest." I say, " Stop this quarrel. If you I think that is the sweetest, go there; if you think.that is the sweetest, go there. I want you to understand that that hive is the best that g;ets the most honey." I see different denominations of Christians in contest with j each other, some preferring this field of. evangelical belief, and others that field. I say, " take VOUT choice. If vnn l?Vn fhnf nvnnrmliVnl take your choice. If you like that evangelical belief the best, take it. If you like this evangelical belief the best, take it; but understand that Christ thinks most of that church which gets most of the honey of Christian grace in the heart, and most of the honey of Christian grace in the life." How are we to war against this bigoted feeling which lingers in the hearts of hundreds and thousands of Christians? We' do so by a realisation of our own infirmities and weakness. If we make so many mistakes upon other things, ought we not to be a little modest in regard to our religious belief? I suppose that tho light from the eternal throne, in the Last Day, will show us that there was sometlung wrong in all our creeds. We will overthrow bigotry by dwelling chiefly upon those things on which we agree, rather than upon those in which we differ. Here is the great broad platform of the Gospel. I see a man coming up on ouo side of the platform. He says: "I don't believe in babysprinkling." Must I shove him off ? Here is another man coming up on this side. . He says': "I don't believe in the persevorance of the saints." Must I shove him off? No. Do you believe in Jesus Christ? Then come on! Drother now, brother for ever ! The Gospel platform is large enough to hold all who put their trust in my Lord Jesus Christ. War also against bigotry by realizing that all dtnonnnaliom of Christians hare yielded lenejieicnt institutions and noble men, and therefore are to be respected. Ouo of the denominations gave to the world a Kobcrt llaU and an Adonirnm Judson; another gave a Latimer and a Melville; another a John Wesley and tho blessed Summerfield; our own yielded a John Knox and tho Alexanders, men of whom the world is not wot thy. All theso denomination*, having produced noble men and blessed institutions they demand our respect. So I crv: "Come v*» cry: "Come on, ye ninety thousand communicants of the Episcopal Church, ye four hundred thousand of the Presbyterian Church ye nuie hundred thousand 6f tho Baptist Ghurch, ye two millious of the Methodist Church come on ! Let us inarch shoulder to shoulder, for there is a world to ho saved, and God demands that you and I help to do it." But more than nil will you overcome this evil of bigotry by toiling in n Chr'niian wurl; with JsSWTi)/ other beliefs I Here. are -two- men in 'r]iostilityv;vLct .them" gp.and/kneelOiy thai dving woman, and' commend; Christ -to thoir "hou1;> If they went into Hint room' witli anti. pafliios, they mil - .wlio'toil together in" Christian work can novo: fight in hitter hostility. So I 'tun glad when the spring time comes, and in the' great anniversaries, ministers of Christ and lnyineii of all denominations gather on one platform, and talk in behalf of the same great cause, and pray iii behalf of the same heneficient instil tations. Men who. toil together must .be somohow, somcwhero in sympathy. I do riot know that I make this idea plain, so I will illustrate it by something'that happened this week.: Last Monday morning, at two o'clock, when licr nine hundred passengers were sound asleep in their berths, dreaming of home; crash went the Atlantic into Mars Head, Five hundred-souls in ton minutes landed into eternity ! The.rusli through the gangways of agonised men and Women, the clutching for the rigging,. Hie plunge of tlio helpless steamer; the clapping of the hands of the merciless sea; over tho drowning and the dead, have thrown two continents into unguisli. But I see there the hravo quartermaster striking out for the rock with tho " life-line," and in another place you sec the fishermen coming out nnd picking up tho shipwrecked, nnd carrying them into the cabins, nnd wrapping them up in blankets snug rind [warm. Here puts out n life-boat; in it are a riu'nistcr of Christ and four oarsmen. Prill! pull! They reach the wreck; they throw a rope; another life is saved! Oh! cantheraen who toiled on that dark night at tho ropes, at the oars, ovor forget each other? If there should ever come a time of animosity, would they not think of that dark night, and of tho life-lino, arid of the boats, and of tho fishermen ? Ho animosity could bo retained in such a riiemovy ris that. Well, my friends, ourearth has foundered in a worse shipwreck. Sin drove it on tlie rock6. The old ship has lurched and reared in the tempests of Bix'thouBarid years. Out with. Hie " life-h'no!" I do not care what denomination carries it! Oat with the' life-boat! ' I "do 'not care what denomination rows it. Plenty of room for. nil to toil, for all to pray, for all to work, l'on do your work in your way; I do my work in my way. But know this; i that that church and that denomination which is most fearless of surf nnd tcmpeBt, and that brings the most souls to the shore of eternal safety, will be the one upon which God will put the brightest honours, and the "ono that heaven will greet with the loudest anthem. Toiling in such service side by side, what though we do belong to different denominations, shall wo not, by the memory of' common hardships, and common toils, and common prayers, and common tears, be sympathetic with each other? Ob! fliat God would hasten the day whon all the great denomihatibhs'bf Christians shalb join hands arorind'the cross of Jesus and recite the creed: "T believe in God the Father; Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, and in Jesus Christ, and in tho oommuniori of saints, and in the life everlasting, Amen and Amen." ITapit Every Day.—Sidney Smith cut tho following from a newspaper and preserved-it for himself:—" When you riso in the morning form the resolution to make the day a happy one to a fellow creature. It is easily done; a loft- off garment to the man who needa it ;', a kind word to tho sorrowful; an encouraging expression to the striving—trifles in themselves as light as air—will do at least for the twentyfour hours. And" if you are young, depend' oh it, it will tell when you are old; and if you are old, rest assured it will send you gently and happily flown'the stream of timo to eternity,; By the most simple arithmetical sum, look at the result. If you send one person away happily through tlie day, that is three hundred nnd sixty-five in the course of n ycari And supposo'you live forty years only after you commence that course of medicine, you have made fourteen thousand six hundred persons happy—at all events for a timo." Parity of Reasoning.—I am always glad to tell a tale when it occurs to me (says a writer in Vanity Fair), and that is why I tell the following!—A country gentleman had a' smttll son, who, having been early taken about to the stables nnd the kennels and initiated into their secrete, had bccomo quite a baby-expert in all matters pertaining thereto, and quite ready to give his opinion ns to a horse or a litter of pups withns much serious.certainty ns though, instead of being a child, ho were an old and hardened sportsman and fancier. The country gentleman had tlie good fortune to he presented with twin daughters by hiB wife, and the boy, after his usual round among the animals, was taken to see these little creatures as they lay in tlieir cradle. The child lookedut them gravely, pulled their legs, pinched their arms, opened their eyelids, and, after a moment of reflection, pointing to one oftlic two, said "Keepthis one." Tele-Tale Lips.—I have observed thrit ljps become more or less contracted in the course of years in proportion ns tlicy nro accustomed to express good humour and generosity, or peevishness and a contracted mind. Remark tho effect which a moment of ill-temper and grudgiiigness has upon the lips, and judgo what may he expected from an habitual scries of sueli movements. \ Remark Oio reverse ana make a similar judgment. The mouth is tho frankest part of the face; it can't conceal in tlio least its sensations. We can neither hioo ill-temper witli it, nor good; wo may affect what we please, hut affectation - -will not help us. 'In a wrong cause it will ouly make our observers resent the endeavour to impose on them. The mouth is tho scat of ono class of emotion, as tho eyes are of another; or rather, it expresses the same emotions, but in greater detail, nnd with a more irrepressible tendency to he in motion. It is tho region of smiles, and of trembling tenderness; of a sharp sorrow, or a full breathing joy; of candour, of reserve, of anxious care or liberal sympathy. The mouta, out of its many sensibilities, may be fancied throwing tin one great expression into the oyo in a euy nana -Leigh Jhmt. 