POLTfTE COURTS. Adklaidh: Monday, August 23. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., C. Smedley, J.P.. T. O. Jonas. J.P.. and J. M. Staov. J.P. I Aiauilas Tuhey, for drunkenness, was nned 10a. Patrick Ltnane, labourer, was fined £2 for insulting behaviour in Hindlev-street on August 26. Charlei Holland, for using indecent language in O'Coanell-street, North Adelaide, on the 26tb, was fined 20s. ^oAji Howard and Henry Nash, labourers, were charged with wilfully breaking two squares of glass, value 33., in a street lamp. Fined £5 each, or in default three calendar months' im prisonment, Ellen, Siorr, widow, was charged with having no visible lawful means of support. Evidence was given that defendant was found asleep on a beat in Hindmarsh-square. It was also stated that the defendant was in the habit of dressing herself in white garments and impersonating a ghost to intimidate little children. Cautioned and discharged. Thomas Maky, blacksmith, was charged, on the information of Eliza McDonald, licensed victualler, of the Theatre Royal Hotel, with dis turbing the peace. Fined 10s., and 243. costs. John Bennett, labourer, was charged with using insulting behaviour in Rundle- street on the preceding day. Fined £2. For using indecent language at the same time and place he was further fined 10s. Thomas Poicell, labourer, was charged with insulting behaviour on the 27th instant. Fined £2. Edtcard McKenzit alias James Currie, shoe maker, was charged, on remand, on the infor mation of William Bruggeman, saddler, of Adelaide, with forgery, and uttering a cheque on the Bank of South Australia for £5 17s. on August 18. Joseph Currie, bootmaker, of Yanka&lla;, deposed that the prisoner, whose real came was MoKonzie, wa3 in hi3 employ in June last, remaining there ten weeks. The signature to the cheque produced was not witness's. De tective Jennings said he airested prisoner on Friday last in a house in Rundle-atreet. Searched his clothes and found several pawn tickets on hU person for bents pledged; also two invoices, one for £80 10s., for goods purchased from the Com mercial Boot Company, and the other for £5 19s. for goods supplied. On being charged with ' the offence, prisoner made no reply. McKeczie, who reserved M3 defence, was com mitted for trial. He was further charged, en tho information of John Pretty, the Manager of the Commercial Boot Company, with forging an acceptance for £30 10-s on the Bank of South Australia, on August IS, at Adelaide. Informant stated that the prisoner, who gave the name of James Currie, came to the establishment on the day in question, and ordered a quantity of gcodp, part of which he took away. By the pri soner—Could not Eay exactly what was the value of the goods taken away, but should fancy it would be about £4 or £5. The bill would be come due a month hence. John H. Roaser, pawnbroker, Freeman-streot, eald the prisoner came to his shop on the 18th inst. and pledgod three pair of boots and three pair of shoes (pro duced) for 15s. He gave the name of Jewell. Lewis Irwin, pawnbroker, of Freeman street, said the prisoner came to his shop on the 23rd inst. and pledged two pair of boots (produced) for 8& in the L&nie; of Jones, and he said he Jived in Grote atreet. Charles Chester, pawnbroker, of Free man-street, deposed that the prisoner cam© to his place on the 23rd and pledged two pairs of slippers (produced) for 3s. in the name of Jewell, of Sturt-street. Frederick William Draper, ledger-keeper at the Bank of South. Australia, said tlieBaok had no transactions with any person of the name 0/ James Currie. Joseph Currie, of Yankalilla, said the signature on the acceptance marked B (produced) was not his. Committed for trial, [Mr. Jones here left the Banch.] Prisoner was also charged with forging and uttering a cheque for £5 103. on the Gawler Branch of the Bank of South Australia, on the 20th instant, at Two Well*. Thomas Oliver Jones, boot and shoe manufacturer, of Gawler, said the prisoner came to hu premises on tho 19th instant, and ordered six dozen pairs of boots and shoes, giving the nama of James Currie, bootmaker, of Yankalilla. On being told that tho terms were cash he gave witness instructions where to send the goods. The signature to the cheque marked A (produced) was not witne3s'd. Edward John Clyde, said ho was a clerk in tho Bank of South Australia, at Gawler. There were no transaction between any person named J. O. J ones and the Bank at Gawler. In order to allow the production of additional evidence the case was remanded till Thursday .- John Callagluin, licensed victualler of the Star and Garter Hotel, was charged, on the informa tion of Inspector Bee, with unlawfully supplying spirituous liquor on Sunday, August 20, before the hour of 1 o'clock in the afternoon to certain persons who were neither lodgers in the hotel nor travellers. Defendant, who pleaded guilty to theoffence, was fined £2 and costs 10i Arthvr Sinham, landlord of the Joiners' Arms, Hindmarsh, was charged, on the information of Inspector Bee, with a similar offence on Sunday, August 13. Fiederick Otic-ay, John Parsons, and Birnard Simmons, currier, were charged with aiding and abetting, Mr. Smith, who ap peared for defendant Ninham, objected to the charges against the defendants, who were alleged to have aided and abetted in the com mission of the offence. This objection was over ruled, but His Worship discharged the defen dants Otway, Parsons, and Simmons, as he did not see that drinking the beer supplied by the landlord of the hotel could be said to be ' aiding and abetting.' Mr. Smith submitted that there was no evidence that the alleged offencs had been committed within the meaning of the Act, it tot having been shown that the liquor was supplied to persons not being ' travellers.'' If the Inspector had shown that Otway, Parsons, and 8immonds, who lived in the neighbourhood of the hotel, had returned to their homes immediately after being supplied with the drink, there would have been a caaa against the defendant Ninham, but as this had not been proved he contended that the case ought to be dismissed. The Licensed Victuallers Act, under which, the information was laid, he considered was for the purpose of preserving a due sense of respect to the Sundav and prevent tippling. His Worship— The Bench 'a of opinion that there . has been an infringe ment of the Aot; but considering that there was no drunkenness or disorder in connection with the cafe, the Inspector will be allowed to with* draw tho informatioa on Mr. Ninham- paying the Court fees. Withdrawn accordingly,. James Doran, tinsmith, was charged, on the infonration of Elizabeth Anuo Koohnoke, wife of Frederick Koebncko, picture framer, of Gawler place, with indecently assaulting her on August 26, at Adelaide. Informant stated that she was staying with her father on North-terrace last Saturday evening. About 9 o'clock that evening Bhft went out to buy some articles, and on returning home she met the prisoner near the ganien-g&te.; Shortly afterwards ho committed the offenoe complained of, whereupon she screamed, and her sister camo to her assistance. Uy the prisoner — Am a married woman, and reside with my husband. Anaio Stephens, sister of the previous witness, said she heard loud shrieks at the back of her father's premisss on North-terraco on tho evening in question and on going to tho spot found her sister rtrugglicg with the prisoner. Police-constable W. Hamilton Fairlio deposed th3t he arrested the prisoner last Saturday evening at bis house about 10 o'olock. Prisoner, who made no statement, was committed for triaL Ho was also charged with indecently assaulting Annie Stephens, at the same time and place, and committed for triaL Doran pleaded not guilty to tho further charge of damaging afjackot and dress, value £3, the property of Annie Stephens, ou August 26. Fined £2, damage £3, and costs 3«. Henry Jones was charged, on tho information of Walter Fidler, cabirettaakor, of Hackney, with stealing a £1 bank-noto from his person, at Adelaide, on August 2o. Informant statod that on Saturday last ho was at the Tavistock Hotel, in Rundle-Etreet, where ho met tho prisoner, who had a ring on his finger, and witness asked per mission to eximino it, giving him a £l-note as Eecurity whilst ho held tho ring in his possession. After examining tho ring returned it to him, and the prisoner refused to return the note. Gave him in charge. The caso was dismissed. Robert and Charles Bilncv, cartors, were charged, on the information 0! Matthew Ford, with unlawfully carrying excessive weight on their vehicles. The former was finod 5a. and Court fees, and tho latter 7s. find Court fees. John Prcsser, carter, was charged, on the same information, with noglectiug to have his name painted on his licensed vehicle. Fined 5j. and costs, 23a. in all. 