THE OPENING OF ST. MARY'S CHURCH MUDGEE. (From the Independent.) LAST Sunday witnessed the performance at Mudgee of a ceremony full of interest to all those who take an active part in the promotion of religious teaching and in the spread of the Gospel. On that day the newly-erected church at Mudgee, dedicated to the Immaculate Virgin, was formally opened by the Lord Bishop of Bathurst aided by the Bishop of Maitland, who preached the dedication sermon. From the presences at the opening and at the procession on the day previous, of a number of citizens whose religious principles are other than Catholic, we must conclude that the cere- monial possessed interest not only to the body whose liberality erected the edifice, but also to a number of their neighbours. Such being so, a detailed report of the whole proceedings cannot be otherwise than acceptable to the general readers. As is usual in such cases, we shall preface our report with a brief description of the building, which, in point of excellence of design, architectural beauty, proportion of parts, and internal splendour, is entitled to a place in the foremost ranks of colonial ecclesiastical edifices. Two years have elapsed since his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst laid the foundation-stone of the present building, and during that period the committee of the church have united with their pastor in unremitting labour and attention, until finally their exertions have been crowned with the success their zeal merited. At the first outset, an influential committee was chosen, and the same body of men, we are happy to add, formed the com- mittee that attended at the realization of their hopes on the formal opening of the church. Among them we have but to mention the names of the Rev. J. O'Donovan, and Messrs, J. Hinton, S. Malone, P. Rheinberger, L. M'Evoy, M. Meally, P. Heany, E. Daly, B. Franca and J. Rheinberger. The building is composed of a nave, the north aisle, the south aisle, Sanctuary, Baptistry, Sacristy, Lady Chapel, Sacred Heart Chapel, Porch and Tower Porch, and Tower Gallery. The building is 112 feet long and extends from the end of the Sanctuary to the front porch, whilst the breadth of the nave and aisles is 46½ feet. The ornamental windows consist of stained glass and represent many pleasing Scriptural subjects, adding much by their beauty to the splendour presented by the interior. Most of these windows are the gifts of residents of this district. Immediately above the front entrance is a small tracery window presented by Mr. Patrick Heaney, and representing the Immacu- late heart of Mary, The north aisle, which is divided from the south by the nave, and from the nave by columns of solid masonry, contains six windows, representing Scriptural subjects. Of these, the image of St. Phillip was the gift of Mary and Ann, the two daughtarsof Mr. Michael Daly. St. Paul was presented by Mrs. Murray, and St Peter by Mrs. William Coleman. The two Evangelists St. Mark and St. Matthew, are each shown with book and pen in hand. The former was given by Mr. Butler, and the latter by Messrs. Stoddart Bros., of Burrundulla. The picture of St. Joseph and the young Saviour concludes the group in the north aisle, and is the gift of the Living Rosary. The south aisle also contains six windows, in which are placed representations of saints. These were presented as follows : — St. Bartholomew, by Mr. Florence Rogers and family ; St. Thomas, Mr. Sullivan, St. James, Misses Clifton (in memory of deceased parents) ; St James the Less, Mrs. Sweeney (in memory of deceaaed husband) ; St. Andrew, Mr. Henry Donaldson ; and St. John by Mr. Michael Connolly. At the east of the north aisle and divided from the nave and the aisle is the Lady's Chapel, in the centre of which is an altar erected to the Blessed Virgin. To the north of this are two Scriptual pictures, placed in the windows. One represents the Immaculate Conception, and contains the follow- ing inscription — "In memory of Mary Ellen Boylson and her son John, erected by her loving brother, James Hinton, 1876." The other subject is the Nativity, a gift of Mrs. Eugene Daly, and representing very vividly the birth of Christ ; the Angelic Host, the Virgin and Child, and the animals in the manger, are all portrayed to perfection. About the altar itself is a statuary image of the Madonna and Christ, whilst on the east are two more stainsd windows, the one representing the Dead Christ at the foot of the Cross, and the other Mary in Heaven. The former was erected by M'Mahon Bros , in memory of Michaell M'Mahon, and the latter is the gift of the pupils of our Blessed Lady's School, Convent; of Mercy, Mudgee. On one of the Sanctuary in a splendidly exeouted draw- ing of the Saviour with the crown of thorns, another engraving of a Scriptural subject being conspicuous on the other side. At the rear is a window representing the Crucifixion of our Saviour and the Marian trio of Biblical history. The windows in front of the reredos of the altar comprises five oil-colour paintings of saints, the two foromont being St. Francis and St. Theresa Over the gallery are two double-light tracery windows 12 feet in height ; in these are placed two groups of saints one representing St. Francis Xavier and St Ignatiud Loyola, and presented by Mr. James Mara, of Barragon. The other represents St. Patrick and St. Bridget and forms a donation from the artists of the stained glass work — Messrs. Lyon Cottier, and Co. Above both is a beautifulL rose-window in which is enclosed a splendidly executed picture of the Ascension of our Lord, the gift of the members of the Mudgee branch of the Holy Guild. Mr. Edward Gell, of Bathurst, supplied the plans of the churoh, the contractor of the work at first being Mr. John Webb. Breachof contract on the latter's part led to litigation between him and the trustees, which ended in Mr. Webb's dismissal from the office. His place was filled by Mr. Henry Donaldson who acted as clerk of the works for the past ten months, and who has, by the skill and energy he displayed, gained a renown for efficient workmanship. In conclusion, the site of the church is unsurpassable, and the magnificence of the structure places it foremost among ecclesiastical architecture. The cost of the church when finished will be £10,000. On the completion of the bulding, it was decided that the ceremony of opening the church should take place on the 26th instant, and that the dedication sermon should be preached by his Grace of Naziauzus, Coadjutor Arohbishop Vaughan. It was also contemplated that the Bishop of Bathurst, Maitland, Dunedin, Brisbane, and Goulburn would be pre- sent. The two first were, however, the only ones able to attend, whilst the Coadjutor Arch- bishop had a prior engagement to preach at Wagga Wagga. As soon as it was known that the ceremonial would be performed, prepara- tions were made for the reception of the bishops. A committee was appointed to take steps for ensuring a suitable reception to their Lordships At a meeting held the week previous, it was decided that the members of the Guild, and the pupils of the Certified Denominational Roman Catholic School, should form a procession and meet their Lordships a short distance from town. Accordingly on Saturday last, about noon, the children, all attired in neat and clean cootumes, preceded the Guild and marched to the outskirts of the town, halting a short distance in front of the residence of the Hon. G. H. Cox. Here they waited till the arrival of the Bishops, at about 4 p.m. Previous to this about a score of buggies and fifty horsemen proceeded to J. Ward's Inn, Brombee, where they met their Lordships. After proceeding on their way they were met by the processionists about a quarter of a mile beyond Murray's Burrundulla Inn. Here Mr. John Burt was in readiness, having under his charge four splendid greys attached to a large coach generously lent for the occasion. From Father O'Donovan's buggy their Lordships were received into this carriage, and the cavalcade of vehicles returned towards Mudgee at a rapid pace. As the procession neared the town, they were joined by other vehicles and horsemen, which augmented the crowd considerably, until it finally became the largest cavalcade that ever greeted a visitor to this town, whether the object of the visit was political or religious. The clouds of dust raised by the stampede of horse men and vehicles were so dense as to envelope the whole equestrian procession. On the vehicle containing the clerical party nearing the caval cade of equestrians near Brombee, the visitors were greeted with enthusiastic cheering, and the same was repeated on their arrival at the pro cession near the show ground. The vehicle con - taining the clerical party preceded the assemblage, which continued increasing in numbers, till at the arrival as the church, the building became thronged with visitors. Conspicuous among the assembly were the members of the Holy Catholic Guilds of Mudgee and the members of the Home Rule branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, Gulgong. The members presented quite a national appear- ance in their green scarfs, while the many coloured regalias of the officeis added much to the effect of the appearance presented by the congregation. Prominent in promoting the sucoesa of the day's proceedings were the following officers of the Association,—Warden Michael Mealey, Bursar Ferrari, Past-Bursar Stephen Malone, and Sec- retary William Hough. After the party arrived at the church, and several sacred preliminaries were gone through, the pleasing task was commenced of reading the addresses which were presented to the Bishops by the parishioners and by the members of Guild Lodges at Mudgee and Gulgong. Mr. E. Daly, on behalf of the parishioners, read the following address to his Lordship Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst : — "May it please your Lordship, — We, the Catholics ot the district of Mudgee, avail ourselves of the auspicious occasion to tender you our best assurance of sincere regard and esteem. The shortness of your last visit prevented us from manifesting these tender feelings of reverence and filial submission with which we now approach to bid you in the time honoured language of antiquity — A Cead Mille Failthe. "We are grateful to learn that during your visit to Europe you had paid your respects to onr august and venerable Father in Christ — Pius the Ninth— the guardian of the rights and privileges of every nation under the sun, the vindicator of truth, justice, and morality, who, like his predecessors of happy memory, is bear- ing with Christian fortitude the wily assaults and insidious intrigues of the lovers of discord, awaiting in patience with all good men the happy moment of deliverance. The inspired promise of the Prophet King kindles in our breasts a solemn hope of its not being far distant, —God will not always leave the patrimony of the just under the rod of the unrighteous, lest the just themselves should be tempted to put forth their hands to iniquity.' Mindful of the promise made by Christ for His Church, and beoing fully impressed with the conviction that error, because it is error, has within itself the principle of dissolution, while truth because it is truth, will sooner or later triumph, we have little misgivings as to the future. Veritas Domine Manet in -oternum. Your unwearied at- tention and pastoral vigilances over the little onesa of the fold committed to your care is so well known throughout the length and breadth of this colony, that any reference to it would be beside the purpose of our address. Nevertheless we cannot refrain acknowledging with gratitude the spirit of enthusiasm and hopefulness with whioh you have commenced as ecclesiastical college in Bathurst— professedly the first of its kind in Australia—for the training of young men for the holy and sublime work of the ministry, since your return to your diooese. We cannot but admire your great zeal in traversing thousands of miles in the interests of religion and education ; and we thank the Giver of all good gifts that, after so much fatigue, we see you here to day healthy and vigorous—the more so, indeed, that you have come to gladden our hearts in blessing our new church, which we have erected to theglory of God and His ever-blessed Mother, whose name it bears. To the venerable prelate accompanying you we owe a deep debt of gratitude, having at much personal inconvenience come to take part in the ceremonial of tomorrow. Whilst we welcome him with a cordial greeting, we wish you many years over your spiritual children in the diocese of Bathurst." Mr Ahearn then read an address of welcome to Dr. Murray, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Maitland. Mr. Michael Meally, on behalf of the members of St. Patrick's branch of the Roman Catholic Guild, read the following address to his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst:— " To His Lordship the Right 'Rev. Dr. Quinn, Lord Bishop of Bathurst. 'May it please your Lordship,— We, the members of St. Patrick's branch of the Guild, humbly beg to accord your Lordship an affectionate and hearty welcome to this part of your diocese. With gladness do we hail the opportunity thus afforded of conveying our deep sense of gratitude for the interest you have invariably manifested in our society, from the moment you were kind enough to give the sanction of your authority to its foundation. Nor are we surprised at such marked attention, since few, if any, can better appreciate the moral and social improvement of their members. We are rejoiced to be enabled to inform your Lordship that our society is in a prosperous condition, and has effected much good, bringing contentment and comfort to the homes of many families. "We are deeply grateful for the many spiritual blessings with which we have been favoured by the visible representative of Jesus Christ— Pius IX— than whom none more worthy perhaps ever occupied the chair of Truth in the citadel of Christianity. It is with intense sorrow we behold the insults and wrongs which are daily perpetrated against the sacredness of his person ; and whilst we sympathize with him in his afflic- tion, we pray the Almighty to sweep away the fell spirit of darkness that pervades the older countries of Europe, and that the peace, liberty, and freedom so essential to the well-being of the Churoh may soon again cheer the declining years of the Father of so many niillions of Christians. Trusting your Lordship will accept the assurance of our profound respect and filial obedience, webeg your blessing for the members of the St. Patrick's Branch of the Guild. "We are your spiritual children in Christ, (Signed in behalf of the members of the Guild.) 'Michael Meally, Warden. Giovanni Ferrari, Bursar. William Hough, Seretary. Mr F. Molloy, on behalf of the members of the Home Rule branch of the Hibernian Australian Catholic Benefit Society, then read the follow- ing address : — "To the Right Rev. Matthew Quinn, D.D., Lord Bishop of Bathurst. " May it please your Lordship, — Wo, the members of the Home Rule branch of the Hiber- nian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, Gulgong, beg to offer you, in the most respectful and filial manner, a cordial ' Cead Mille Failthe' to Mudgee, on the happy occasion of your coming amongst us to consecrate the noble church, which the district owes mainly to your Lordship's pious and tender care, and to the zealous devotion and untiring energy of our highly-esteemed pastor—the Rev. J. O'Donovan. St. Mary's Church, standing in its beauty right in the midst of a thriving and flourishing district, will, we trust, in centuries to come, be a source of pride to the Catholic community of the district, [and a memorial of the all-penetrating, diffusive zeal which has moved your Lordship in so many ways to promote the faith of the native land of our forefathers. "We earnestly pray that Almighty God may preserve you to your flock for many, many years, do that you may be spared to reap some of the fruits of the numerous good works which you have so laboriously and unselfishly sown, that you may long live to witness blessed and comforting results from the schools and colleges you have established, in the shape of a native priesthood, earnest as yourself to promote the interests of our holy faith. "In conclusion, we beg to assure your Lord- ship of our deep gratitude to Almighty God for His having given us, as the bishop of the dio- cese, so zealous, so devoted, and so good a step- herd as we all know your Lordship to be ; and earnestly soliciting your Lordship's blessing for ourselves, "We beg to subscribe ourselves, on behalf of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Socioty, '"JSAS ARCHDEACON, D. Murray, D. M 'Grate, M, F. Molloy." Both Bishop Murray and the Lord Bishop of Bathurst replied briefly and in appropriate terms, thanking the people for the welcome they had accorded them, and for the addresses which they had taken the trouble to prepare. The former referred to the difference between the meagre building he observed on a former visit and the magnificent structure that now presented itself to his vision. Their Lordships resumed their seats, amidst much applause, after which the joyous and enthusiastic assemblage dispersed. The opening of the church took place the fol- lowing morning. Long before the hour of open- ing the church, unusual crowds of people were seen wending their way to the chapel gate. It was soon evident that the building would be crowded to excess, so that many took the precaution of taking an early seat. It was found, however, that there was soon congregated within the sacred walls so dense an assemblage as to impede the blessing of the interior. The con- gregation were asked to retire, which they did, thronging enthusiascally, though orderly, against the large door of the front porch. A procession having been formed in the Sacristy consisting of of cross-bearer, thurifer acolytes, clergy, and Bishops, they proceeded to the outside of the building. The interior and exterior of the edifice having been thus blessed, the doors were again opened, and the church filled so quickly that choir of the church rendered some choice selections of music during Mass, and were assisted by four members of the Town Band presided over by Mr. James Hardy, the con- ductor. The Mass was sung by the Rev. Archdaacon Cooke, Dr. Quinn the while occupy- ing the dais. At the conclusion of the service, the Rev. John O'Donovan, pastor of the church, ascended the pulpit and informed the congregation that his Lordship the Bishop of Maitland, who had come thither at great personal inconvenience to assist in the ceremonial of that day, would now address them. After the address a collection would be made, when he hoped that all present— young and old, rich and poor would assist with that liberality and genorosity so apparent in the construction of the edifice. On their behalf and his own, he would thank the Bishop of Maitland for attending there that day. And he could not go how he could better render him thanks than publicly in the church his congregation had erected. He would now make room for Dr. Murray to preach unto them words of unction and faith. The Right Rev. Dr. Murray then delivered the following dedication sermon which was sent to us by our Mudgee correspondent : — In the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. The words which I propose to read for you are taken from the second chapter of theProphet Aggeus, commencing with the fourth verse—" Who is left among you that saw this house in its first glory, &c;"— and ending with the tenth verse— " Great shall be the glory of this last house more than the first, saith the Lord of Hosts : and in this place I shall give peace, saith the Lord of Hosts." We are told, my dearly beloved brethren, in the book of Aggeus, that when the Jewish people returned from Jerusa- lem, from the Babylonian captivity, they assembled to witness the laying of the founda- tion of a new temple ; and we are told that the hills resounded with shouts of praise and thanksgiving to God because they feared Hie law. And we are told in the same chapter that many priests and Levites whohad come to witness the foundation of the second temple wept with a loud voice. And here we are, my brethren, assembled, both priests and people, to dedicate this noble temple to the name of the living God, and great dhould be our joy, and great be our gladness, because we have come here, not to witness the foundation of this noble temple, but to see it in its fulness and perfection— to see it is not only solid in foundation but magnificent in structure and beautiful in proportions. And great indeed is tho joy and delight which should came to us all upon this day, because all or nearly all of us well remember the temple whioh formerly existed here. We have all come here to participate in a holy joy, knowing, as we do, that our temple is being erected to the name of the living God ; and we have come here to share in the privilege of contributing towards the erdction of this noble temple. The Lord of Hosts tells us in thepassage which I have just quoted for you, that " the silver is mine and the gold is mine," and if we believe this build- ing to be the temple of God, we must practically profess our faith. We haveo come here to- day also to take part in completing and erecting this temple to the name of the living God under the patronage of of one who is dear to God—under the protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary, who spent much of Her time with Him. The mention of this holy name is to me the opportunity of saying a few words to you about the relations in which the Blessed Virgin Mary stands to this holy temple. We learn that from Her earliest yeaw She was brought to thetemple at Jerusalem and there placed by Her parents under the care of holy women who took full charge of Her. Then, when the sacrifice was completed, in the third year, She made an offering of body and soul and all worldly things to God; at the same time making a vow of virginity by which She con- tinued to live faithfully in the service of God. And in comingf here to-day and as- sembhng here in such vast numbers in this temple we have dedicated it to God to be used evermore for the purpose of offering up sacrifice to the Almighty in the name of His people. And we have all come here with the hope of participating in the bless- ing which God seems to shower upon those in return who offer up the Holy Sacrifice to Him. Now, in the passage which I have just read for you, the Lord of Hosts says that He will give peace in the Temple of the Lord, and is not this splendid structure oneo well calculated to move Him in his gracious Providence to bestow the blessing of peace ? For to-day this temple has been set apart for the purpose of adoring God and giving praise and thanksgiving to Him. By the ceremonies whioh were performed to-day and in whioh we have all taken part, this temple- has been dedicated to the service of God and made a house of prayer. And the prayers, which shall for all succeeding years be offered up in this House of the Lord, shall be efficacious in obtaining for us the graces and blessings of Almighty God, whereby we may be enabled to work out that salvation for which we were placed upon this earth. Yes, my brethren, in this holy temple we will find peace and comfort when harassed by the world, and when pressed down by its cares we may repair to the Sacred Dwelling of God to calm our troubled souls. And as of tokens we offer up prayer for ourselves, our families, our relations, or our neighbours ; so often shall the grace of God descend upon us. But, above all, we have come hero to-day to assist at the holy and august Sacrifice of the Mass ; and here, my brethren, what a grand subject of reflection is opened to us ! For here, indeed, we assist at the celebration of Mass— a sacrifice which will be offered up to the living God for all ages. That same God who died bleeding on a cross is continually present in this tabernacle, and the Crucifixion on Calvary is renewed as often as the holy sacrifice of the Mass is celebrated. And again, my brethren, we will come here to bend our knees before God's holy minister, when we will lay our hearts open to him, and he, by that power which has been transmitted to him from the Apostles, will blot out our iniquity. By the power which has been given by Jesus Christ he will absolve us from sin, and give us that peace which men cannot give. Yes, my brethren, this is the great purpose of our assemblage to- day, this is the great means by which Almighty God gives us that peace which the world is unable to bestow upon us, when we approach to the Sacred Tribunal of Penance. Relying on that au- thority which God expressed to His Apostles, 'Whose sins ye shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins ye shall retain they are retained," we come to confession, and having obtained pardon for our sins are re- conciled to God. But there is yet another great privilege which we will have in this new temple, which has just been dedicated to the service of God, and that great one is that we will ever have the Lord of Hosts present in the tabernacle ; always showering down graces aud blessings upon you, and inviting you to approach Him, saying : "Come to Me all ye that are heavy burdened and I will refresh you." Behold the great privileges and the great blessings which we ac- quire in coming to this temple. Behold the great peace, the happiness, and great blessings which arc in store for us, and the more fre- quently we visit the tabernacle of the Lord the greater will be the graces and blessings showered upon us. But it ia not my intention to dwell at length on this subject. This glorious temple rather draws me on to the future, and causes me to look forward with feelings of joy and satis- faction to the glorious fruits and results which are to come to yourselves from your noble ef- forts. And when we look back to a few years ago, and see the vast concourse of people pre- sent, and the temple in which they are assembled, we cannot but cry out with the prophet — " Glory and praise to Him who has been so good and merciful to us." And though I ac- knowledge this temple to be a monument of the faith of the people and of their children, I cannot but think that it is only the beginning of noble works which are yet to be done. We are told in Scripture that on one occasion the Divine Lord appeared to three of His beloved Apostles, Peter, James, and John, in the height and splendour of His glory. And St. Peter was so ravished by what he had seen, that he cried out: "Oh ! Lord, Lord ! 'tis good to be here ; let us build three tabernacles — one to Thee, one to Mooos and oneto Elias. And so also may we cry out " Oh! Lord, Lord! 'tis good to be here." But there are two other tabernacles to be erected. You have done your duty towards God by erecting a temple worthy of his name, but there are two others which now claim your attention. The one is a convent, in which those good ladies who have came herd to live amongst you may not only engraft in your children the senses of their body and the faculties of their mind, but may also look after their wel- fare. They have come here to give lessons to you and your children, not only by their words, but by their deeds also, be that you may have the happiness of seeing your children trained up in the Christian fear and love of God. Yes : this temple proclaims your faith in the majesty and in the power of God, and in erecting it you have given practical expression to that faith. I trust that the glorious temple which has been opened to-day will stimulate you to the accomplishment of greater works, and inspire you with renewed exertion. Your children are peculiarly fortunate in having the Sisters of Mercy as teachers, and though I am not going to enter into a discussion upon Catholic education, I can only say that you yourselves, by securing the Sisters of Mercy for the training of the Catholic youth, proclaim your belief in the truth that nothing is good unless it comes from God. And again I may say that there is yet a third tabernacle which you have to build. On looking round tho grounds I perceive a presbytery close by, and as the old church has given way to a new and noble structure, I think the time has come when the old presbytery should be superseded by one of a more magnificent appearance. You require a larger one, one that will afford more accommodation and be worthy of the laity of Mudgee. A few years ago you had but one priest, but now that it is your privilege to have three amongst you, you should not be slow to see that the present presbytery is inadequate to the requirement or the district. But in the language of God 1 might say "fear not." God is among you, the spirit of God is ever with you, and He will not fail to give you the means whereby you may erect a presbytery worthy of this parish and its laity. In all parts of this colony and through this vast country religion is making great progress, and the Catholic Church has been throughly established throughout the length and breadth of the land. The Catholic spirit whioh moved you to ereot this temple exists everywhere throughout the country. The same spirit is found to prevail everywhere, producing its fruit in every part of the world. Be not discouraged, for there are other great works before you. But you are under the guidance of one who shows great energy, displays great understanding, and uses every endeavour in the interests of the people. On last Sunday I assisted at the beginning of one of the noblest and most important works that have ever been undertaken in the colony — the laying of the foundation stone of a seminary where young men may be trained for the priesthood and go forth into the remotest regions of their own country, there to plant the faith of Christ. Hitherto you have received your priests from distant lands, more especially from Ireland — that land from which all, or nearly all, of us can boast to have sprung. They came from that land which indeed seems des ned; by God to carry the standard of Christianity and religion throughout the earth. They came from that land whose people have been ever pronounced a holy nation, and whose sons constitute the royal priesthood of the universe. And when we come to look over this land of Australia, is it not wonderful to see what Irish priests and people have done in bringing souls into the light of God ? And if on last Sunday this noble work was commenced by your zealous bishop, it was not with a view of losing sight of the Catholic land from which we all sprung. Catholic Ireland forgotten ! Distant indeed be that day. And when, in a few years hence perhaps, most of us will have passed away, foremost among the names of Irish priests shall be that of Father O'Donovan, your zealous pastor. Yes, my brethren, when we have all gone to our Father, and our bones are mouldering into dust, the name of Father O'Donovan will be received with veneration, and prayers will be offered for him who was able to undertake and accomplish the erection of this glorious temple. And how, my brethren, can we best testify our respect for this good priest, what object of life has he most at heart ? what is foremost in his mind ? What has he laboured for these last three or four years ! What has caused him to spend wearisome days and sleepless nights, fearing that there might be a want of means ? It in indeed the completion of this new St. Mary's. He has asked me to remind you that whatever you have belongs to God —The silver is mine, the gold is mine, and therefore, whosoever has either, let him now make an offering of a portion to Almighty God. He gives you the use of the silver and gold, and in His own language, what- ever you give He will repay you a hundred fold. Therefore, give according to your means, and encourage your good pastor in the undertaking of other great works. I ask you then, in the name of God, to come forward and present yourselves at this altar, to give whatever you are able with the conviction that Our Lord Jesus Christ will reward you a hundred- fold. I have only another word to say, and that is to express to you on the part of Father O'Donovan his feelings of gratitude and joy at seeing such a vast concourse, not only of Catholics, but of all other denomi- nations, to share in the sublime duty of returning thanks to God because of His goodness. And it is my earnest prayer that the blessings of God may descend not only on yourselves, but on the other denominations who have come here to day to assist us in this noble work. I have to again thank you in the name of Father O'Dono- van and the Bishop, and can only express my own pleasure at being present on such an occasion. I therefore ask you, young and old, rich and poor, one and all to come forward and give towards this noble object as a means of securing for you a participation in the fruits of the prayers whioh wll be ever offered up in this glorious temple. At the close of the sermon, preparations were made for the collection, whioh was intended to clear off a portion of the heavy debt due on the ohurch. By dint of a little persuasion on the part of the clergy, and of liberality on the side of the donors, the sum of £600 was realized. The clerical gentlemen who took part in the day's proceedings comprised the following — Their Lordships the Bishops of Bathurst and Maitland, Archdeacon Cooke (Rockley), Father Maher (Merriwa), Father Huggard (Bathurst), Father Ryan (Carooar), and the following clergymen of Mudgee : — Fathers O'Donovan, McCarthy, and Meade. After the pronouncing of the Benediction, the large and animated assemblage — in number nearly 1500— joyfully wended their way from the church. The 26th of November, 1876, will ever be held dear in the memory of Catholics of the district, as the day on which was opened an edifice that takes immediate rank amongst the chief ecclesiastical structures in the colony. Igjf5 'We have to request, that our agents will send in their ac counts for the past quarter about the 10th instant, so as to allow time to make out our quarterly accounts. The Ecclesiastical Seminary, Bathtjrst. — We have been requested to correct a fow errors whioh, in the hurry of business, crept into our issue of Saturday last. 1st— Tho report of the proceedings connected with the laying of the I foundation-stone was given by a correspondent, f taken from the Times and Free Press. 2nd— I The omission of the name of Father Fontaine I who generously contributed £10. 3rd — For I Father By&n;, Oboson, $20, soad Rev. E-. I iST. Mary's Cathedral Building Fund. — The inclemency of the weather materially inter fered v/ith the usual aucoesa of the weekly meeting in the Seminary ; However the name hard-workera in tho good cause wero present, with many of their friends. The treasurers, Messrs Mullins, J.P., and E. J. Hollingdalo, were in their places on the platform, and Father Sheridan aa active aa ever in hia 'canvass with the green bag. Messro Kenrick, Howard, Fen nelly, M'Sweeney, and. M'Cormack wero like wise present, and assisted in the work of tho evening. On next Sunday, the firsb of tho month, hia Qraoe Dr. Vanghan will proalde at the meeting, and will be reoeivad in the Semi nary hy the Financial Committee and the repre sentative delegates from the various city and suburban churches. From our antecedent reports of these monthly meetings and their successes, very little difficulty ia experienced in realizing their immense value to the Cathedral Building Fund. This, the last month of the present year, will no doubt be marked by distinguished success on the part of delegate colleofcoras con tributors, and all concerned. Reverend De. T'oletxi. — We were ranch gratified to learn of the oafe return from the Eternal City to Sydney of the above clergyman. j Dr. Coletti has been away for aboufc twelve j months, and meanwhile visited Rome and I various interesting places on the Continent. During the month of July he was entertained by his numerous friends in England, and immediately afterwards returned to Some, bis native city, where he is held in high repute by the distinguished prelates and Cardinals of that city. OnlastSunday he celebrated the High Mass in the Cathedral, assisted by the Eevs. P. Birch and J, Sheridan, and at which the leading Catholic families of the city vrere present. After tho ceremonies were over. Dr. Coletti received numerous congratulations on his safe return, which appeared to be much appreciated by him. In every respect he seems much invigorated by hia vacation, and well adapted to fulfil his resumed functions of chaplain to his Grace the Arohbishop and his usual place in the Cathedral. In addition to the return of Dr. Coletti., we have been informed of the arrival by the good steamship Northumberland of another clergy man, Father Fleming, ordained for the Arch diocese. This gentleman, after a highly auc' cessful course and preparation for the ministry in the College of All Hallows, determined on pro ceeding to this country, and is now located in the Cathedral presbytery for the present. We wioh this young clergyman every special bless ing proper to hia state, and a successful aaoer dotal career in this land. St. Joseph's, ;,Woollahea.— The devotion of the Quarant Ore was conducted in St. Joseph's Church at Woollahra, with unusual magnificence. It began on Friday, the 24th instant, with a solemn High M ans. The Rev. Pere Garavel officiated as celebrant, having the Rev. Fathers Lnylor and Lawless as deacon and sub -deacon. At the evening's service, his Grace the Coadjutor Archbishop preached a pious and very eloquent sermon appropriate to the occasion. It must unquestionably have been gratifying to all who took part in the devotion to observe the taste and elegance with which the sanctuary and church had been decorated. Some beautiful processional lamps, lately imported from .trance, as we were informed, had been provided for the occasion, and these, together with the silk hangings and floral decorations, produced a really fine effect. The devotion terminated on Sunday with the solemn celebration of High Mass — Fathers Quirk, Lawless,) and Laylor being the officiating ministers. The confessionals were attended by the worthy pastor of the district — Father Leeming, and also by Fathers Garavel, Cunningham, Lawless, Hayes, and Dean M'Carthy. A vast concourse of Catholics crowded around the confessionals, and it was really edifying to observe the large number that received Holy Communion. A. H. C. Guild. — When noticing in loot week's issue the appointment of Mr. T, J. Murray to the aeoretasyehip of the Guild, we ahould havo aaid that the election wds brought about by the resignation of Mr. John Crowly. The Corporation Difficulty. — At the meet ing of the Municipal Council, held on Tuesday afternoon, a letter was received from Mr Driver, the city soliditor, enclosing another from Meoars Allen, Bowden, and Allen, solicitors, in whioh it waa agreed that the writ for the sequestra tion of the Council's estate should be held back for a fortnight from last Monday on condition that the Council would undertake to have the work at Blackwattle Swamp completed in that time, and also consent to a decroo in accordance with the prayer of tho bill in fche Equity Conrt, with costa. The Mayor was requested to wait on the Colonial Secretary for the purpose of urging the Government to complete the work. The Weit of Sequestration and Municipal Candidates. — Some of tho candidates for muni cipal distinction appear nob to know what the writ of sequestration whioh haa recently been issued against the Corporation means. In their idea fcho issuing of a writ of sequestration is noth= ing short of the sending of the Municipal Coun. cil into tbe Innolvenfc Court. The two things, however, have not: fcho oame meaning. For the nako of some cf the gentlemen who are bo sure of their ability to bring the Corporation of Sydney out of the miro wo may state what a writ of aequostration really is. 'Sequestra- tion,' says ' Tomlin's Law Dictionary,' 'ia a commission usually directed fro persona therein named, and empowering them to seize the de fendant's real and personal oafcote into their hands (or it may bo uomo particular part or parcel of his lauds), rind to receive and oequea ter the rents and profits thereof until tho de fendant ahall have answered the plnintiff'a bill, or performod some other matter whioh haa been ordered and enjoined him by' tho CourEj, for not ioJag whssso? ho Is in G^SssapS/'-rHosald, 'The Vice-Regal Visit to Djuniliqhtbt. — His Excellency Sir Herculea Robinson and Lady Robinson, and suite, accompanied by hia Excellency Sir George Bowen, Governor of Vic toria, jTarrived at Deniliquin at 5 o'clock last Tuesday. The party was metTat the terminus by about 400 people, who escorted Governor Robinson to the Town Hall, where he was introa ducedby his Worship the Mayor to the members of the Borough Council and the committee of the Pastoral and Agricultural Association, who presented addresses to his Excellency, to which he accorded suitable replies. His Excellency then proceeded to formally open the new build ing. _ Ho said he was glad to be present^at the opening of this Town Hall, which was an edifice that reflected great credit upon the public spirit and enterprise of tho community. Ho hoped it would not only facilitate the transaction of busi ness, but tend to promote the social prosperity of this rising town and district. Whilst here, hia Excellency said, he would endeavour to make himself acquainted with the wants and resources of the district. (Cheers.) His Excellency con ciuded by stating that he was much pleased in declaring the Town Hall now open. The pro* ceedings then terminated. Sir George Bowen visited the Town Hall half-an-hour afterwards, and expressed himself highly pleaaed with the building-. The Hydraulic Engineer,— -On Wedneaday evening Mr. W. Clark, tho hydraulic engineer arrived in Sydney by the City of Adelaide, and waa met at the wharf by the Socrefeary of the Sewage and Health Board. Meeting of Produce Merchants and Coar« mission Agents.— On Wednesday afternoon a meeting of the above was held at the (Jharlton Hotel, Market Wharf. The attendance numbered, about fifty. The chair was occupied by Mr. Henry', Clarke, M.L. A. Mr. John See proposed the following resolution : — 'That from and after the 1st January, 1877, all maize bought at the wharfs or railway station shall include the bags, which will be weighed in with the maize.' Mr. Michael Boylson seconded the resolution, whioh was supported or discussed by Mr. B. James junior, Mr. P. R. Larkin, Mr. Hogan, Mr. William Spring, Mr. David Brown, and Coatea. The various persons present spoke of tho griev ances connected with the matter. They alluded to the difficulties oonnected with the providing1 by shippers of baga ; and the delays incidental to this condition of things, and troubles connected, with bags in bad order and unsuitable for ship ment. Several commission agents present agreed to give bags in with maize to meet the convenience of shippers,; and some of them said that the value of the baga might be considered in the price. Mr. Lowther proposed as an amendment — 'That 4d., 5d., or 6d. per bag, . according cto value,' be paid;] by'^tho purchaser.' It waa '(pointed out that in effect the resolution and amendment were the same, as the bags would be paid for in either case. The amendment was not seconded. The resolution was decided as unanimously carried The chairman, suggested that all grain and produce should be sold with bags. This was a matter which, of course, was entirely in the hands of the purchaser Mr. P. R. Larkin moved as the second resolution — ' That the gentlemen present bind themselves to adhere to the' foregoing resolution.' Seconded by Mr. James, and oarried, Mr. Jamea suggested that a deputation consisting of the chairman, Mr. See, Mr. Boylson, Mr. Larkin, and tha mover, be formed to wait upon the commission agents to discuss the matter involved in the resolutions ; or if the commission agents hold a meeting, to attend it and ventilate the question amicably with them. The meeting was then brought to a close. The Match Bos Trick Again. —Two men, named Thomas Carmody and Henry Sampson were on Wednesday, at the Central Police Court, acquitted of a charge of having by unlawful device won from Bichard Davey the sum of £39 10a., with intend fco defraud, Proaooutor, n new arrival from Brisbane, rooiding at Juliua'a Toma pecance Hotel, Plfctoofcroot, gave ovidonce to show that Sampson, lent Thursday week, aocosted him at tho corner of King-street*., and both being strangers, they had n friondly chat. In order to pas3 an hour or two away, fchey went to a publicohouse at tho corner of Bathurst and Snsses- Btreeta, where they had oome drink. A stranger came and aaid he jnot camo from New Zealand, and had won drinka from the captain by means of tho bos trick. He produced a 6 trick-box,' which Stimpaon tried to open, but could not do no. Tho prosea orator then tried, nnd easily succeeded in opening the box. Sampson .offered fco bofc £100 that; ha would opon the bos ; tho stranger accepted the bet. The Dtranger aaid he had no money and would have fco go for come. Sampson made the oame excuse,, and they separated. Subsequently they met at She onme plaoe, and Snmpoon and the otrangor made a bet that the ofcrangor could not open tho box in ewenfcy eeoondo. An agreei menfc was drawn up and oigued. Upon thafe wager money waa otaked. Prooaoator paid into Curmody'a £44 10e— ono £20noto, ono£10no6e8 and two £5 notes of the Brisbane Bank, and £4 10s in gold. Snmpaon and fche otrangeir put' papers liko nofcoo infco Carmody'ci hond, ? counting £100 in all. Tho otranger won the befc and' Carmody handed tho money to him. Another bet waa mado, by which the stakes wore laid by ohcqueo, representing £100 each. Sampson provided tho cheque book from which, the cheques were taken. Prosecutor again triedto opeu the box in twenty seconds, but failed. Sampson thon told pro3t.ou.tor thtit ha had bettor clear out of the oolony, aa tho stranger hold his ch.;qua for £50. Prosecutor believed thafe tho box he failed to open waa different from the one he had opeued*'ec3ily. Mr. E. Driver addressed the Benoh (Mr. J. W. Smart) for fcho defendants. 