Tani " WioKED Loan LmncroN."'-ucsh was the unenviable designation applied to an aristocratio road of the lastcentury, whose life has just been written by T. Frost. The night before his death, in 1774, a spectre is said to have appeared to him in a dream, and foretold the next midnight as the fatal hoar. His friends, to rally him, suggested a party at Pitt Place, his residence, which took place oathe evening following, his lordship hiring a Mr. Bussel, a musician, to play lively music. This is now whet Mr. Russel saw:- The Death Dream.-RHaing received a summons for one particular evening, Mr. Bussel rode to Epsom, and, putting up his horse at an inn there, walked to Lord Lyttelton's house. On ente'ing the courtyard, he was struck with the number of carriages which filled it. On reaching the house, he was conducted to an apartment in which was a pianoforte,-the room served as an ante-room to the dressing-room. The folding-doors between the two apartments were thrown open, and, Ms he sat at the pianoforte, Mr. Boasel could perceive that the drawing.room contained a large party, almost entirely consisting of gentlemen. Mr. Russel had not played long, when he was astonished at hearing a loud noise of shouting and laughter from the company in the drawing-room, the gentlemen pulling out their watches, and exclaiming " We shall jockey the ghost after all; there will be no ghost to night, I fancy ," and other words to that effect. A lady, related to Lord Lyttelton, came fromthedrawing. room apologising to Mr. Mussel for the interruption of his music camused by all this noise, adding that Lord Lyttelton had been suffering from great depression of spirits, and that the present party had been assembled for the purpose of amusing him and dissipating his melancholy.. Many times during the course of the evening these shouts and exclamations were heard.. Mr. Buasel was given to understand that he might finish. Lord Lyttelton came to him, and having paid him handsomely for his performance, desired him to take his supper in his house. This Mr. Eussel de. clined, but said that, with 'his lordship's leave, he would take a glass of wine, and for this purposehe would step into the butler's pantry as he went out. He did so, and while drinking the wane, Lord Lyttelton came into the pantry, and seating himself on the plate. cheat, complained to the butler of feeling very unwell, and in great pain. The butler proposed mixing him a glass of brandy and rhubarb, and Lord Lyttelton agreeing to it, Mr. kussel wished his lordship good night, and took leave of him. On his way through the ofices, one of the gardeners whom he happened to moot lighted him out, and was making some observa tion to him onl the uproar which had been so often heard during the evening, when just as they reached the outer door a most dreadful scream was heard from the interior of the house. ' And this,' said the gardener, 'is worse than all the rest.' Mr. Bussel wished him good night, and stopping only a few minutes at a lady's house in Epsom to deliver a mes sage, proceeded to the inn where he had left his horse. Just as he reached the inn door, he heard someone exclaiming' I must have a horse to ride to London immediately, for my lord is dead.' On looking at the person who spoke, Mr. Rusael perceived it to be the gardener who had lighted him out of the house. He now informed him that Lord Lyttelton had fallen off the plate- chest speechless, and died as he was being carried up-staira." "Dynamite may be dangerous," said Guzzlem, feel ing ot his empty stomach," but I could dines-amighty. eight oftener than I do, without danger ofexploding." 