A3tfUSEMENTS IN JAPAN". The Japanese are alight-hearted, plea- \- sure-loving race, andfondof- amusements; which wouldseem to us childish- in-.tihe .extreme. Iheatricals have , an'especial. . charm < for, them. Their. theatres: •numerous, and iit «very. vRriety s*ffrom ithe shabaiya to-the <Bmallway;sidej3f©9«,» or. houses of entertainment, generally, recognisable by aigbastly daubf«jrepre>- ; senting either a ghost or-som* horrible, tragedy, and -also by the high- pitched' voice-of the actor inside. The highest andmoetclassical iperformanceuaawthe ; no ; it is/the oldest form/pf .the drama known in Japan, and onlyjitakes placed; l am told, in the palace of the'Mikado: •and in-the houses of the 'highest-nobles, - -tlmactorsbeing ofthe iamara^or'^pper class, and wearing masks.' > TMese performanoesarenotof'frequentibcxmrrence" f -and Europeans 'can only>have-the entree • to them "by invitetion. s 'Hie -shibaiiya is -the ordinary-'theatre, and is much 'in* favour with all classes of Japanese. These *%t&at;'in the time of the Shogun' commenced as early as six o'clock in the ... morning.bnt at present they .'begin an: .- hour or two later, and occupy 'the .entire : day till -.five o'clock in the evening. "Women have hitherto never performed ! in the theatres, the female characters , having always been represented byi men; lately, however, a company of . female actresses have.been-formed in Kiyoto, and as, according to report. : they have met with great success, no: doubt the introduction of women en the .stage j will become more- popular. The pieces, represented are not al ways in keeping with: Western ideas- of taste < and propriety, and therefore it is well to ascertain beforehand what the : play . is to be. However, in this as in other things, a great step. towards improvement Ms been .made during thelast few yean. . ,A short time ago we made up a ]>arty to visit the theatre in Yeddo (orTokei, asit is now called), taking . the ^precaution to secure a couple of . boxes beforehand. We chose the theatre .•a& Osakusa, .that being still free from allwould-be -European innovations, by . whiob jSO..jnany, places and things are ; »p6ftBd,4)y,-the:-» Japanese ; for they fre- .•quentlyrdiscard-much of their own that ^isngoodj-and substitute .only trumpery . : imitations of European modes. . . : 1 We drove to the "teahouse where our .-•; tickets had been procured, and the . master .at once conducted us across the •-.• road to the theatre, a barn-like; wooden building, with galleries and passages : around threesides, the roof a maze of A. beams ; -<and rafters'from which are festooned innumerable coloured curtains • t with tinsel and paper flowers. In the centre of the house is the pit, a square •space divided by rough boards about -eighteen inches high into: 104 compartments. Each of these pillbox- \- =like squares is fitted with a piece of . /matting and thin cushions, about an \- inch thick for the people to sit upon. Each box is supposed to accommodate four, but in most cases had to hold six or seven persons, 'making it rather a tight fit. Around the walls and galleries are rows of boxes of much the \- same form and quality, except that the - best have a distinction of a red blanket •-.. spread or the floor for their occupants to.sit upon, and three -red cushions. , The , building is put together "in • the roughest manner .possible, and daylight was peeping through the -walls in every direction. •... The orchestra occupied a retired corner, the chief instruments . being three samisen, a sort of guitar played with a broad wooden spatula, instead of with the hand, which -had i the effect of making the notes harsh ; another of the instruments' was ' like a violoncello in form and tone. The per- : :. formance; takes place - by daylight; ; . which of course is a - disadvantage' and makes all-defects more easily seen. On • ; "the occasion of our visit the piece -was an historical romance; the performance had already -begun, and we arrived in ihe middle of a scene representing the Shogun (Tycoon) surrounded by his ministers, and sitting in judgment on the son of the ^prime ministeK - The dresses ^were v very handsome and" costly, and fac- similes of the court ^ dresses of the'period; The Shogun sat' -cross-legged on a cushion on a -raised dais, just as we see in the old pictures, a most uncomfortable-looking cloth-ofgold cap on bis head, .fastened under • iis^chin, and wearing a very handsome 1 dress of rich silk,; and . cloth-of- gold. : The ministers/and courtiers at distances • In accordance with their rank, looked veiy ludicrous in their, high cowl-shaped hats, with a white band -round their forehead,rflotring-Tobes, and long, white silk trousers, the "length of'the latter bong a yard longer than the wearer'u , legs. These long.trousersaare arranged- •as a train while the courtier sits, and . give him .the appearance of walking on his Itnees when he stands - upright,, that "being supposed to be the most respectful mode of progression when in . presence , of royalty, but -rather detrimental . to ;the ^garments,- and expen-j sive also. ' considering the high price of silk in-Japan; . The ^acting was very good, and true <to,;nature throughout, ;«nd the -plot: quite evident to any one . -una^uainted i with the . language ; the E stage and .scenery are most primitive, . and-no attempt-is made to "conceal the • mysteries connected with the change of soeneiy, tic. —Golden Hours. 