1 lit fk'fíW. PUBLISHED DAILY. "lam in tho placo «borolam demanded of conacionco ' to apeak tho truth, and, thercforo, the truth I epeak . i Impugn It wheeo list." OPERA-HOUSE. This Evening, LA PERICHOLE. La Perichole; EMILIE MELVILLE. Commcnco st halt- past T FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1870. For some years past the production of a measure by Mr. BENT to limit market fees throughout the colony has been a regular annual performance. No sooner bos a new session been inaugurated than the hon. member for Brighton puts in an appearance with his little bill, regu- lating the tolls to be charged on carts or drays, handbaskets or wheel- barrows, containing vegetables and flowers, poultry, pigs, and butter, together with those other articles of rural pro- duce which our space will not allow us to enumerate. Hawkers, equally with market gardeners, participate in the hon. member's paternal care, and we suppose we must admire his moderation in not proposing to take the management of civic affairs entirely out of the hands of the representatives of the rate- payers, and to vest it in a select committee of his admiring con- stituents. We submit, however, that admirably as the device may answer Mr. BENT'S purpose by advertising his zeal in the cause of his horticultural clients, and keeping his name somewhat prominently before the public, the yearly repetition of this very sorry farce is be- coming somewhat wearisome. The time of the Assembly might surely be more profitably occupied than in wrangling over a bill which is not likely to become law. If not, we would suggest the pro- priety of shutting up the House at an earlier hour, and so saving gas. We say that this measure is not likely to become law, because the Upper House has always rejected it, in con- formity with a principle which we imagine must still continue to control its action in the matter. The members of the Legislative Council have never said that the market-gardens have no griev- ances to complain of, or that they are not grievously overcharged for the wretched accommodation provided for them. But they have over and over again affirmed that any interference with the powers conferred upon the citizens, and exercised through their representatives, for the management of all civic affairs, would inflict a severe blow on the integrity of municipal institutions. If a petition for redress were pre- sented by an influential body of the ratepayers themselves, the Legisla- ture would do well to proceed with extreme caution in interfering with the free operation of local self- govern- ment; but the necessity for circum- spection is increased tenfold by the fact that the people who advocate inter- meddling are mere outsiders. Hon. councillors have always contended that if the corporation is so radically bad and utterly incapable as to be unable to manage the affairs of the city with advantage to its inhabitants, it had better be swept away, but that while it is permitted to continue in existence it should be allowed the free exercise of its proper functions. We must confess our entire concurrence in the view taken by the Upper House, and we trust that it will maintain the logically un- assailable position it has assumed. If municipal councils cannot be entrusted with the regulation of market dues, the sooner they are done away with, as expensive and useless playthings, the better. We think that this matter is very little understood, or Mr. BENT would not have been afforded the encourage- ment he has received in pressing it session after session on the notice of the Assembly. We may acknowledge, at the outset, that the management of everything connected with the Mel- bourne markets has been most discredit- able to the corporation. The history, from first to last, of what has been done and what left undone, is one unbroken record of imbecility and neglect; while as regards recent proceedings, there is too much reason to suspect jobbery. Years ago the City Council should have provided proper shelter for the market-gardeners and other tradesmen who attend the bi- weekly meetings for the purpose of sup- plying the city with the produce of small husbandry, but neither its neglect to do so nor its persistence in maintain- ing a somewhat high scale of tolls, is a sufficient justification forthe interference of Parliament. We must presume that the citizens are satisfied with the existing state of affairs, as they have neither by petition nor the exercise of their electoral powers sought to bring about a change, and they are doubtless the persons principally in- terested. It must be remembered that the market dues and hawkers' fees are not levied merely as equivalents for the actual market accommodation afforded in the one case, or the bare permission to trade in the other. They are partly contributions towards the expenses of lighting and maintaining the streets, and are exacted for the purpose of placing the ratepaying shopkeepers to some extent on a footing of equality with the non- ratepaying outsiders who come into the city to compete with them. It would be manifestly unfair if citizens, carrying on, let us say, the flower, fruit, and vegetable business, or dealing in butter, eggs, bacon, cheese, &c;, who pay high rents and heavy municipal taxes, were to be exposed to the com- petition of men occupying a business site twice a week at a merely nominal rental, and using lights and roads towards the maintenance of which they were not called on to contribute one cent. Mr. BERRY'S argument to the effect that as the House was very careful to control local bodies In the exercise of their powers of taxation within their boundaries, therefore it had a perfect right to limit the rates leviable on any outsiders who might cross their borders for the purposes of trade, is altogether worthy of that logical statesman. Surely an intelligent child, five or six years old, could see the difference between the two cases. House or landed property in any given municipality is a fixture, which cannot be moved into the next parish at the pleasure of its owner, and therefore the Legislature does perfectly right to fix some maximum beyond which it may not be taxed for local pur- poses, while the market-gardener's cart is a movable chattel, which need not be brought undor the purview of any market laws which its proprietor desires to avoid. No man labours undor any obligation to bring his fruit or his vege- tables, his poultry or his pork, his eggs or his honey, to the Eastern Market. There are a number of suburban stands to which he might resort if he thought fit ; so when we find him in Bourke-street, week after week, notwithstanding the heavy dues levied, we may be sure that he comes there because he finds it is his interest to do so. But while we see all these reasons, and a multitude of others which should make Parliament decline to interfere, let it not be supposed that we con eider the City Council would be justified in allowing matters to remain as they are. It should at once, of its own mere motion and without waiting for outside pressure, provide decent shelter for its customers and the public, and so remodel its tariff as to bring it into exact conformity with the require- ments of justice. What is desired, we imagine, is not so much to bring the fees down to the accommodation, as to make the accommodation bear some reasonable relation to the fees. To say of a country that its lardar is empty, or even bare, is to bring against it a very serious accusation, and mora especially so if the country against which the charge is made happens to be a new one, and one that has been accustomed to boast of the excellence of its food and the lavish abundance with which, that food is produced. This is the kind of reproach under which the colony of Victoria lies at the present time and since the most precious jewel in her economic crown, for many years past, has been the cheapness of her beef and mutton, the present condition of her affairs requires some little ex- planation. That butchers' meat is com- paratively scarce with us just at present may as well be frankly admitted at the outset. Our meat preservers have sus- pended their operations for the time on account of the high prices ruling at the cattle saleyards, and last week the butchers of Melbourne raised the price of their goods by a penny in the pound. These are facts which we need not try to explain away. But we think all this can be truth- fully represented in such a light that the reputation of the colony will not suffer through it. A temporary interruption to the operations of our meat preservers is of no public importance, since their function is to act as a kind of safety valve to the meat market, and prepare for the use of distant consumers the mutton and beef exposed for sale here which is in excess of current requirements. Their engines and boilers and other appliances can stand idle for a few weeks or months without any great detrimont to general interests, and that phase of the question under consideration may therefore be permitted to stand aside. The recent inflation of the retail price of meat is more important. That is a matter which comes home to the feelings of the average householder with remark- able promptitude and directness. He finds unpleasant evidence of it in his butcher's pass-book at the end of the first week of its operation, and he neces- sarily sends on proof of it to be registered by his banker. When the householder pays from a penny to three halfpence a lb, more for his meat than he was previously accustomed to do, he un- questionably incurs an unpleasant ex- perience, and a little grumbling on his part is quite excusable under the cir- cumstances. But we think the situa- tion can be so described that there will remain no grave imputation upon the reputation of the colony. For one thing, the rise in the price of meat from which we are now suffering is not so much due to climatic or other natural influences as to an unholy com- bination among the butchers. The price of beef in the wholesale market at present varies between 19s. and 20s. per 1001b. At the lowest figure good wholesome meat can DO bought-not what is called "prime," but quite fit for use never- theless. At the higher price beef is to be had equal to any in the world better, perhaps, than the prize meat that is exposed for sale in the best shops of tho West-end of London just after the Smithfield Christmas Show, inasmuch as it has been reared on grass alone, and comes of animals that have been out of doors all their lives, and have never known what it is to be pampered-and the highest price is something less than 3d. per lb. This is of course the price per carcase, and the retail price, particularly for Bleaks, roasts, and choice pieces generally, must be a good deal higher. But the selling prices even of choice joints of beef need not be 9d. a pound, as it is now in some Melbourne shops. Mutton, again, varies in price in the wholesale market from l\à. to 2id. a pound, according to quality, and yet the consumer has to pay from 'Id. to Gd. a pound for chops and other usually preferred portions of the sheep's carcase. We are not now arguing the matter is between the retail butchers of Mel- bourne and the public. That may be a subject which of itself requires con- sideration and treatment, but our pre- tent intention is to show how cheaply really good meat may be purchased in our city by those who choose to buy it at first hand. But even if butchers' meat were some- what dearer in the Melbourne retail shops just now, that would not go fat towards proving that our city is in any general or permanent way an expensive place to live in. There are at present exceptional natural causes for the clear- ness of animal food. For one thing, mutton is almost always dearer at this than at any other time of the year. At the present season our sheep-farmers are so occupied with their " lambing" that they do not care to be troubled any more than they can help with sending their stock to the city for sale; and, besides, thoy like to keep their sheep back for a few weeks about this time of year, in order that they may carry a full-grown fleece to market on their backs a little later on. Then, the weather has for some time past been unpropitious for tho meat-grower. The grass upon our plains and hill sides has long been suffering severely through the absence of rain. From the last weekly report by the Government astronomer, we learn that the total rainfall since the boginning of the year was 11.45 in., whereas for the same period of last year it was 18.06 in., while the average of several previous years was about 15.oin. The dryness of the present year, so far as it has gone, fully explains to ordinarily perspicacious observers of current events in Australia the short supply of the live- stock market which the past few months have witnessed, and this again, in the natural sequence of events, is suffi- ciently elucidatory of the comparatively high prices that now prevail in the wholesale market, and of that cessation in our meat-preserving industry of which we have already made mention. The true facts of the case in regard to the supply of butchers' meat to the inhabitants of Melbourne and its suburbs are not difficult to be under- stood by those who will take the trouble to understand them. Animal food in its unprepared, or only partially prepared condition, is very cheap in our city, but its cheapness does not always reach. the consumer to anything like its full extent, because between the meat pro- ducer and the meat eater many people como in who must themselves eat meat and bread. The wholesale meat market of Melbourne is, however, always open to the public, and we should just like to observe, in closing them few cuwwj remarks upon a highly important sub- ject, that the wholesale meat market is at the upper end of Elizabeth-street, -whereat any father of a family who chooses to take the trouble to attend to his own affairs can always buy beef for 3d. and mutton for 2d. a lb. It is 'with very great regret that we see the retail price of butchers' meat in the city advanced by a penny a pound, but in- spite of that advance it seems to us that butchers' meat is cheaper in our own lihan in any other city in the world. We publish in another column an article from The Times of June 6, com- menting on the recent Parliamentary crisis in this colony. We do not of course attach any more importance to the re- marks of the leading journal on our affairs than we should give to those of any other intelligent observer. But it is as well that we should occasionally see ourselves as others see us, and consequently we rocognise the importance of well weighing the opinions of independent authorities such as the one in question. Our contemporary appears struck by the fact that tho Assembly seems as averse to a policy of free trade as to a policy of protection, and does not fail to notice that, "while " it refuses to impose unpopular but "necessary taxes," it "has given its " sanction to a now debt." No doubt such proceedings must appear passing strange to people at a distance, who aro not intimately acquainted with our affairB. The House hesitates as to what fiscal policy it will adopt, be causo ita members havo not the courage of their opinions, but think more of pro serving their seats than securing the triumph of their principles. As regards -tho now debt, it must be remembered that when it was authorised the prospec- tive deficit was gradually disappearing, owing to the increasing productiveness of the revenue, and Parliament is so satisfied .of the ability of the country to meet its liabilities, whatever thoy may bo, in some way or other, that it cannot be brought to ro garda temporary falling off in the national income as a good reason for not borrow- ing any additional sum that may be necessary for the construction of repro- ductive works. The fact Is, an over .wceninrr confidence in our own credit and resources renders us slightly reckless as to tho opinion outsiders may entertain concerning our financial position. 2Vtc Times Bees in the proceedings of the ?" Liberal " party a disposition, " not " wholly unobserved elsewhore^ to throw "the whole burden of taxation upon " the wealthier classes, and to suffer " those below them to come off " scot-free, or even to make a gain at " the expense of the others." This is the game which Mr. BERRY is playing -with the support of " ignorant and im " pocunious sections of the community. If protection can be maintained in the interests of the working- man, and the needs of the revenue supplied by an Increase in the public burdens laid on the shoulders of othor people, " the " whole thing," says our contemporary, " will be complete, and two good blows " will have been struck at once against *' the more wealthy and more intelligent " classes." It is clearly seen that there are no lengths to which Mr. BERRY and his Immediate followers may not go, so_ long as thoy can command the good-will of their party, and the leading journal is curious to know where it will all end. At present it is impossible to say, but we moy comfort ourselves with the -thought that our political difficulties aro not half so formidable in reality as they appear to our friends on the othor side of the world. Our demagogues .make a great noise, and cause consider- able inconvenience occasionally ; but in a country where property ia so widely dif- fused amongst all classes, there is little fear of their being permitted to do any- thing very outrageous. In the Assembly, yostorday evening, Mr. SERVICE called attention to the very inefficient way in which the telegraphio Bervico of New South Wales ia worked, and asked the Postmoster-General whether he would put himself into com .munication with the Government of that colony for the purpose of representing the necessity of some alteration being made in the method of conducting busi- ness. The hon. gentleman mentioned a case which had occurred recently within his own experience. His firm received an order from a Brisbane house by tele- graph, which waB executed, but when the goods arrived at thoir destina- tion, thoy wore found not to bo in accordance with the instructions forwarded. Correspondence ensued, and ou the original telegram being produced it was found to differ from the messago re- ceived hore in many important particulars, " although it was written so distinctly *' figures as well as words being given " that it seemed impossible that any mis " take could be made." On inquiry it was found that the error had originated in the Svdnov office. Tho result in this instance was a considerable loss, and Mr. .SEKVICB says that this was not the first .timo his iirm has suffered from the " slovenly, careless, and indifferent " manner " in which .the Now South Wales department conducts its affairs. It is almost needless to point out that should a doubt, engendered by experience, as to the correctness of telegraphic messages, 'become widely spread, tho lines will no longer be used for commercial purposes. Under the circumstances, we are certainly Burprised to hear that Mr. OKACKNELL, the superintendent of telegraphs in the neighbouring colony, treated tho com plaints mado to him on the subject in a cavalier manner. Air. SERVICE alleges that he waa spoken to on tho subjoct, but that the only reply vouchsafed was to the ?effect that " thoy could not bo troubled .*' about such things " in New South WaleB. Surely there must havo boen some misunderstanding, as wo can hardly ?conceive it possible that the perma- nent head of an important stato de- partment would commit himsolf so far. Wo havo no doubt, however, that the responsible) MiniBtor will havo the mattor Inquired into, and causo such arrango .monte to be mado as will prevont tho reourrence of such disastrous errors In future. Wo see that, in tho opinion of our telegraphic authorities, tho automatic instruments at present in use on tho othor side of the border aro to blame for moat of the mistakes which have occurred. We can only say that tho80instrumcnt3 havo given the greatest satisfaction in Eng- land, and there is no reason why thoy should not provo oqually efficient here, if proper care bo taken in preparing tho tapes. Wlthont careful working, any Bystem must provo a failure The Premier was not able to moko the financial statement vesterday afternoon, in consequence of some important returns laving only been got ready at a late hoar on "Wednesday night. The statement, however, will be made immediately on the assembling of the House on Tuesday. In reply to a question by Mr. Berry, Sir James M'Culloch said that (here were no public claims of any consequence falling due until the end of the ?month: If it was the wish of the HOUBO, a vote on account could be taken on Tuesday without waiting for the financial debate. In . conseqaence of the postponement of the Budget speecb, the Assembly had a very brief SittiUg. Sir James M'Cullooh will on Wednesday next move in the Legislative Assembly for Heave to-introduc© a bill to amend the Railway (loan Aot 1873, ' : The' It.M.8.8. Bangalore, with the Jone maus from England, anchored in the hay at 9.25 a.m. yesterday, after a very fine ran from Galle, whence she sailed at 915 p.m. on the 30th alt The present is one of the qnickest trips ever made from Galle hore, and the moils yesterday were received by the Post-office authorities five days and a half before contract time. The mails wero 12 hours late in leaving Brindisi, in conse- quence of the railway between Paris and that port being blocked, bat the time was more than made np, for the Bangalore was enabled to leave Galla two days in , advance of her regular date. On the passage ' to King George's Sound the Bangaloro had , favourable winds until in the vicinity of Cape Leuwin, where thick weather was mot with, causing a delay of several hours. The ¡mailswere transhipped with commendable despatch, those for Melbourne, New Zealand, and Tasmania being all out in less than 20 minuteB. The light mails for Sydney, in. eluding thoso for the naval squadron, in all 19 bags, were despatched overland, and the remainder, 42 packages, inclusive of the mails for Queensland and Noumea, were sent on by the s.S. Avoca. The Tasmanian por- tion, 51 packages, was sent by the s.s. Tamar, and those for New Zealand, 72 packages, will leave by the s.s, Ringarooma to-morrow. The Melbourne portion of the mails comprised 230 packages. The majority of the passengers by the Bangalore were for Melbourne. The City of Sydney, with the Australian portion of the San Francisco mail, arrived at Sydney yeBterday, and the Melbourne portion was yesterday despatched overland. We have seen a private telegram from Sydney stating that an offer by the proprietors of Cobb's coaches to forward the moil by special convey- ance, so as to catch the morning train from Wodonga on Saturday, has been declined. Had the proposal been entertained, the mail might have been delivered in Melbourne to- morrow afternoon, but a delay till Monday morning must now be submitted to. The president and other members of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce bad an interview with the Postmaster. General yesterday, in order to request him to arrange for postponing the de- parture of the Ly-ee-Moon from Port Dar- win for a few hoars, to enable merchants to reply to their mail letters by telegram it necessary. The Ly-ee-Moon was to leave Port Darwin for Banjoewangi at 5 o'clock yesterday, but Mr. Ramsay was enabled to arrange with the New South Wales Govern. ment for the postponement ot her departure until daybreak this morning, and telegrams for transmission to Europe were accordingly received until 11 o'clock last night. ' Mr. Service directed attention in the Legis- lative Assembly, ysterâay to the fact that serions inconvenience was often occasioned by the inaccuracies which crept into tele, grams passing through the New South Wales offices. It appears that the heads of the de- partment in Victoria attribute this to the use of the automatic system lately introduced on the New South Wales line, and to the want of a proper check being kept in the Sydney office on the Victorian and Queensland busi- ness passing through New South Wales. The superintendent of telegraphs in New South Wales, however, is of opinion that if the automatic instruments wero brought into use in Victoria, the telegraph business between the two colonies would be expedited. Mr. Ramsay promised to communicate with the Postmaster-General of New South Wales on the subject We publish in another column a letter from Mr. Tollerman in reply to the state- ments made in The Argus of the 9bh March last, in reference to the substitution of Texan preserved meat for Australian pre- served meat with his connivance. To enable our readers to judge of the whole matter at one view, we append to Mr. Taller, man's letter the article complained of, and the despatch from Mr. Michie, the agent general, which dealt with the same subject. We sholl have something more to say on this subject in a future issue. It was elicited, in answer to questions by hon. members, in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, that attention would be given to the desirability of caring a defect in the law relating to succession duties, so that the same rato should not be charged when an estate was left to relatives as was exaoted when an estate was left to strangers ;-thai the case of Wm. Hendy's selection near St Arnaud did not call for further consideration from the deportment ;-and that it was con- sidered desirable to retain the services o' Messrs. Brereton and Lewis as inspecting engineers in London. The firm of Stevenson and Sons were enabled yesterday, in pursuance of the ar- rangement come to between them and the Customs department, to pass a large number of entrieB for their goode. There are now nearly COO packages awaiting delivery, and it is satisfactory to know that the Customs authorities have given up the annoying and useless examination of the goods which has been resorted to during the post tiro months. A telegram in the Indian papers mentions the death of Lord Sandhurst, better known as General Sir William Mansfield,who served with great distinction both in India and the Crimea. He was until recently commander of the forces in Ireland. 1 Mr. M'Lellan yesterday laid on the table of tbe Legislative Assembly a plan showing the number and area of the mining leases held by the Bank of Victoria at Walhalla, Gipps Land. The Central Board of Health having had ita attention drawn to the danger of using coloured confectionery, has issued the fol- lowing notice :-Melbourne, July 12,1870. Recent analyses of the confectionery com- monly sold in and abont Melbourne having shown that many of the coloured articles are in a high degree dangerous to health, the Central Board of Health consider it ad- visable to draw pnblic attention to the matter, and especially to caution the pnblic against the use of confectionery which is coloured yollow, orango, or green, these colours being in many casos produced by means of chromate of lead, arsenite of copper, or other highly poisonous materials. With a view to putting a stop OB far as pos. Bible to the sale of poisonous confectionery, the local boards of health have received special instructions to enforce the law in regard to this matter ; but the central board deemed it well, also, to point out to all con. cerned, that the "Act for the Prevention of Adulteration of Articles of Food or Drink," imposes penalties of line or impriaonmenton any one convicted of soiling adulterate! articles, and also enables the purchaser of any such article to have the samo examined by the Government analytical chemist, with a view to proceedings under that statute, on giving notice to the vendor at the time that tbo articles will be BO examined. We are glad to hear of the safe arrival o; the missing ship Altear. The Southern In ouranee Company yeBterday received a mes- sage telegraphed from London to Brindisi and brought on by the mail, stating that the Altear passed The Lizard on the 9th June There is at present no information to ex- plain the great length of the passage. Mr. Kelly has formally announced his re. ' tirement from the Sandridge election contest. He has retired, he states, in order that the free-trade interest may not suffer by the can- didature of too many persons professing the principles of that party. Mr. W. Gaunson, one of the Sandridge candidates, addressed a crowded but very dis- orderly meeting last evening, at the town hall, Bay-Btreet. The candidate seemed to derive the most of his inspiration from his brother, who sat behind him, and aoted as mentor; and his speech boro a decided family resemblance to those with which the Reform League has made the publie mind so familiar. He stigmatised the proposed purohase of the Melbourne and HpbBon's Bay Railway lines as both a threat and a bribe ; invited the working men pre- sent to return him, and "deal the M/Culloch. party' its deathblow ;" avowed himself as in ¡favour of payment .of members [' M the corner-stone of democracy ¡" and promised that "so long as he lived he should lift np bia voice against wealth." A vote of confi- dence in Mr. Gaunson was carried without opposition. Mr. Randell's nomination-paper and de- posit were lodged with the returning officer for Sandridge yesterday. The "Vagabond" inquiry at the Benevo- lent Asylum occupied the members of the committee for six hours yesterday, during which time they were taking evidence. The evidence on the part of the complainants was finished, only two more witnesses being examined, but they did not add anything fresh to what has already been stated. Four- teen inmates were then examined, all of whom stated that they had always rocoived kindness and consideration from Mr. Heath, and had never known him behave unkindly to any of the inmates. At the conclusion of the evidence it was agreed that the inquiry should take precedence of all other business on Thursday next, as soon as the routine business was over, The committee then ad- journed. It will be remembered that at the meeting of the Melbourne Hospital Committee, held on the 11th inst, a letter was read from a Mrs. Kiely, complaining that Dr. Williams, one of the resident physicians, had unne cessarily held a post- mortem examination on the body of her late husband, contrary to his expressed wish before death. Dr. Wil- liams, at the request of the committee, fur- nished an explanation of the circumstances, which was laid before the meeting on Tues- day last. He stated that John Kiely was made an in-patient of the Hospital on the 24th May, and died on June 1. He had three or four weeks previous to his ad- mission applied to be admitted, but as the Hospital was very full at that time, and as his case was one which was not likely to be in any way benefited by treatment, Dr. Williams refused to take him in. Mrs. Kiely stated in her letter that " her husband had most reluctantly gone into the hospital in anticipation of that very event (a post-mortem) taking place should he die there." Dr. Williams, however, stated that Mr. Kiely had never made any allusion to a like or dislike to a post-mortem examination in his presence, and if he had so great a dread of being ex- amined after death it was strange that he should have applied the second time for ad- mission. The disease was an unusually inte- resting one in a scientific point of view, and it was difficult during life to ascertain the pathological progress of the case. The examination was confined strictly to the dis eased parts, and the face, which Mrs. Kiely had described as "covered with blood," was , never touched. The parts examined were carefully closed up, and the body was not in any way disfigured. The committee, without discussion, accepted Dr. Williams's explana- tion as satisfactory. A deputation, coneistine of members of the Emerald-hill School Board of Advice, was introduced to the Minister of Education yesterday by Mr. Whiteman, M.L.A., relative to a promise made by the previous Minister that a state Behool should be built upon a site of land in the Eastern-road, near Napier- street, Emerald-hill. It was pointed out to the Minister that the new school had been promised in lieu of the old national Behool in Clarendon-street; that the ground on which that school stood would, it was believed, fotch £5,000 when the Government chose to sell it ; and that the £5,000 would go a long way towards pay- ing for the new school, if it did not pay for it altogether. Mr. Ramsay replied that the department had not hitherto proceedod to build the school in consequence of want of funds, but the plans for it were all ready, and tenders for its erection would be called for on the following (this) day. After on absence of five months in Nsw Zealand, the Rev. B. Backhouse has returned to Melbourne. During this period he has continuously and successfully advocated the claims of the Britiah and Foreign Bible So- ciety in the principal towns in the provinces of Canterbury, Wellington, Taranaki, Auck- land, Nelson, Otago, and Southland. Jour- neying overland to Wanganui, Hawera, and New Plymouth, Mr. Backhouse sailed thence to Auckland and to the Waipo and Wan. garee districts northward. Returning vid Nelson, Wellington, and Christchurch, Mr. Backhouse proceeded southwards overland, visiting Geraldine, Temuka, Timaru, Wai- mate, Oamaru, Waikonaite, Tokamairiro, the Taicris, the Clathas, besides Dunedin, Invercargill, Riverton, and their several suburbs. The Licensed Victuallers' Association held its usual monthly meeting yesterday. The meeting was well attended. It was re. solved to communicate with the candidates at Sandridge, asking their views on association matters, also to write to the members of the association in connexion therewith. A Bub-committee was appointed to visit Sandridge. The secretary reported that £C3 had been received and £50 paid out sincethelastsittingofthecommittee. Twenty seven new members were elected. The fire insurance question in connexion with the association was deferred, as all replies had not been received. The committee decided to sit every 14 days, OB the present monthly sittings allowed too much business to accu. muíate ; and to hold monthly meetings in connexion with the association in the suburbs. The meeting then adjourned until August 3. Wo understand that Mr. Woods, M.L A., bos been seriously ill for about a week. His medical attendants (Mr. Fitzgerald, Dr. Moloney, and Mr. Knagge) found it necessary to perform a very painful operation, a blood* vessel having burst in his head. He is now, however, progressing favourably, but is not allowed to see anyone. Among the wills proved yesterday was that of the late Mr. Wm. Rutledge, of Farnham, pailc. His property was sworn at £153,000 realty and £35,000 personalty, making a total of £188,000. The testator leaves his widow an annuity of £700 per annum, to each of his five daughters he gives £10,000 ; ho gives small amounts to various porson?, and the rerrainder of his property to his two sonB. The estate of Duncan M. Johnson, de. scribed as a gentleman residing at St. Kilda, was yesterday sequestrated by order of the Supreme Court, on the petition of the Mari- time Discount Company. Another estate sequestrated was that of J. L. Dale, of Eldorado, out of business. In the case of the Aberfeldie Company v. Wallers and others, an application was made in the Supremo Court yesterday to compel the defendants to give np poa BCBsion of the books and property of the company to one Christian Steenbach, who claims to be the manager of the company, and to certain persons claiming to be direo tors. The defendant Waltors also claims to be manager, and the other defendants claim to be directors. It ¡s alleged for the plaintiffs that ata special meotingof the company held in May last, and convened by a requisition of shareholders, Walters was removed from the office of manager, and the other defendants removed from the office of directors ; and that Steenbach was appointed manager, and the other persons acting with him were ap- pointed directors, The defendants contend that the acts of this meeting are invalid, innerouch as the requisite notice of it had not been given, as it had not been duly con- vened, and that such a meeting had no power to remove directors appointed at an annual meeting. Mr. Justice Molesworth reserved his decision. Alterations are being made in one of the wooden buildings adjoining the Supreme Court, BO as to render it capable of being used for a jury court. This will render it unnecessary to use the County Court-hoase when the 'two civil and the criminal courts ans sitting simultaneously. Owing to severe indisposition, Mr. Adam- son will not be able to proseoute for the Crown at the Ballarat Assizes, which com- mence to-day, and the Crown briefs will ia consequence be hold by Mr. Finlayson. Proceedings were taken in the City Polio , Court yesterday against the Chinamen who assisted to conduct the lottery known as No, 3 Bank, which was re-opened on the 10th ¡net. Mr, O'Loghlen and Mr. C. A. Smyth prosecuted for the Crown, and Mr. R, Walsh, Mr. J. H. Dunne, and Mr. Glllott appeared for the defendants. There were two cases, ona against Shung Yen, Ah Goon, Ah Web, Ah Lin, and Gee Leah, for managing the lottery, and the other against Ah Fan for selling a lottery ticket The formercase was postponed until to-day, and in the latter, after a tedious hear- ing of evidence and arguments, Mr. Sturt, P.M., found the defendant guilty, and sen- tenced bim to pay a fine of £23, or to suffer six months' imprisonment with hard labour in default of payment. Mr. Dunne appealed against this decision to the G emeral Ses- sions. In the District Court yesterday (Mr, Call, P.M, presiding) David Hughes, master of the British ship Ivanhoe, was sited by five of bis crew for wages alleged to be due to them. The names of the Boamen and the amounts claimed were as follow :-John Turnor, cook and (steward, £50 ; Herman Landetrom, car- penter, £60 ; John Long, A.B, £48 10s, 2d. ; W. 8. Hunter, and Robert Oliphant, A.B.'B' £2418.4d.eacb. Mr.Emersonappearedforthe plaintiffs, and called evidence, from which it appeared that the men had been badly treated. The case lasted daring the greater part of the afternoon, and was adjourned at the conclusion of the evidence for the plain- tiffs until Monday, when the defence will be heard. About half-past 9 last night, a fire broke oat in a two-Btory wooden building on the i Yarra bank, near the Falls-bridge, occupied by Messrs. Stafford and Lee os a felt hat manufactory. It was discovered by a young man named Plumb, son of the head porter at the M. and H. B. Railway station, who resides near the bridge. The door was broken open, and the fire* was extinguished by a few buckets of water. It is believed that the cause of the fire was a gas stove which was left burning. The Metropolitan Fire Brigade were in attendance, but their services were not required. The coursing for tho Waterloo" Cup was re" sumed yesterday on Mr.W. J. Clarko'a estate, near Diggers' Rest. There was a very small muster when coursing was commenced. The weather was cold and windy in the morning, and Boon after 12 o'clock the rain fell heavily and the wind increased to a gale. Every- thing went off badly. Hares were scarce, and very few of those found could be coursed, as they kept to the long grass or slipped away out of reach. Only 11 trials were obtained during the day. The meeting will be resumed to- day. Owners of greyhounds are reminded that the nominations for the cup given by the vice* president of the Melton Coursing Club, to be run on the 28th inst, must be made with the secretary before 6 p.m. on Saturday next. The 15th annual exhibition of poultry and Binging-birds was commenced in the Athe nicum-hall yesterday afternoon. The exhibits are numorous and good. The show was opened by Sir John O'Shannasy, and will re- main open every afternoon and evening until Saturday. Notwithstanding the unpropitious Btate of the weather the attendance of visitors was very good. The general committee of the Homooo. pathic Hospital and Dispensary held its monthly meeting on Wednesday last There were present:-Mr. Templeton (chairman), Mrs. J. Simson, Mrs. Skinner, Miss Fultoo, Rev. John Turner, Messrs. Chuck, Chambers, Hunt, Elms, Hart, Walten, and Sbann. Mrs. Leonard Terry resigned her place on the committee from inability to attend the meetings. Mrs. Balding, of Portland, forwarded a letter, accompanied by a list of donations collected by herself in aid of Hospital Building Fund, amounting to £21. The architects sent in new designs for a cottage hospital to cost £1,100, but capable of being reduced lu some particulars to £800. In ihe discussion which followed the opinion ge- nerally expressed was that they did not repre- sent the committee's idea of what a cottage hospital ought to be. It was therefore re- solved that a sub-committee, consisting o Messrs. Chambers, Hunt, and Chuck, Mrs Shaun, and Mrs. John Simson, Bhould confer with the architects upon the subject, and report to next meeting. The draft of the annual report was read, and, with the addi- tion of a clause expreasing the committee's regret at the resignation of the retiring secre- tary, was approved. The sub-committee, out of 21 applicants for the post of secretary and collector, recommended Mr. Wm. Welch and Mr. F. A. Westbury as being in every way competent. The latter was elected by seven votes to four. Mesara Templeton, Hunt, and Elms, and Mrs. Skinner retire from the com- mittee by rotation, but are eligible for ro election at the annual meeting of governors, which will take place at the hospital on Tuesday next, 25th inst, at 4 p.m. A meeting of the committee of the Wil- liamstown and Wyndham Coursing Club was held at the Court House Hotel, Williams, town, yesterday ; Mr. Robert Cherry in the chair. It was resolved to advertise for judge and slipper for the Australian Champion Stakes, to be run on the 8th August. The nominations, which are unlimited, must be made on or before the 1st August on which date the committee will meet to receive them» The revision court for the borough of Footscray was held yesterday, when the lists were revised and allowed. There were no claims or objections. There are 820 names on the roll, as against C97 last year. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday a man named James Waters was charged with wilfully breaking the windows on the pro miees of William Hunter, and of threatening to take his lifo and that of Constable Carroll. From the ovidence given it appeared that the prisoner went to Hunter's shop at Kildare on Wednesday afternoon, between 3 and 1 o'clock, with a rifle, horse pistol, and bowie knife. He threatened to take Hunter's life, and smashed the windows of his house. Con- stable Carroll stated that at the hour named he beard a groat noise from his premises, and looking out saw Mrs. Hunter ruuning away as fast as sho could. He put on his uniform and went to Hunter's place, whore he saw the prisoner with a rifle pointed to the window, and also with a knife and pintol. He found that ovory one had fled from Hunter's shop. The prisoner having dropped his gun, the witness ran at him, knocked him down, and tried to slip the handcuffs on him, when he turned the loaded horse pistol on him, and tried to discharge it in his face, but it would not go off, and a neighbour coming np he was sccurod. Sergeant M'Sweeney stated that on examination he found no powder in the gun, but several bullets. The pistol had powder and a full charge of shot. In defence, the prisoner stated that he was constantly annoyed by Hunter, and his wife had been imprisoned at Iluntor'a instance upon a false charge the day previously, for which he sought satisiaction. '¿ne mayor re- marked that the prisoner appeared to be a dangerous character, and fined him 40s. with 22s. damages on the first charge of breaking windows, or in default, seven days'imprisonment. For threatening Hun- ter's life, he was sentencod to one month's imprisonment ; and for threatening to shoot Constable Carroll, to three months', the sen- tences to bo cumulative, and at the end of the term he would have to find two sureties of £20 eaoh to keep the peace for tho next six months. The telegraph line on Kangaroo Island, between Kingscote and Cape Borda (says the South Australian Register) is completed, and the only work to do there is the clearing of a few miles of scrub. The cable between Normanville and the island was laid several months agoby the steamer Edinburgh, Tho superintendent of telegraphs will shortly visit 'the terminus on the mainland, with a view of ascertaining if the submarine line is in work ¡rig order. The meBsagoB will have to bo re- peated at both ends of the cable, and an operator will, therefore, have to be stationed at Kingscote. At present there is no accom- modation for an officer of the department, but a sum of £500 appears on the Estimâtes for providing a station, and m the meantime temporary quarters will probsMybo obtained. A small length of land line has yet to be put up near Normanville. The telegraph to Cape Borda will probably be in full working order beforo the arrival of the English mail in August. By its means ships will be signalled in Adelaide several hours earlier than at present Our Sandhurst correspondent, writing last night, reports :-"The hearing of the charge against Robert Stone, draper, of Pall Mall, of indecently assaulting Mrs. Griffiths, was re- sumed at the City Police Court to-day, when Mrs. Williamson, Frances Barker, and Miss Paul were examined, after which the pri- soner's counsel, Mr. Brown, addressed the Court for the defence. The court was ad- journed for an honr, in order to allow time for consideration. On the resumption of the court the Bench decided to dismiss the case." Our Western Australia correspondent writes from Fremantle on July 10 :-" Some months ago you published in Melbourne the names of all titled folks in the Australian colonies. I was then aware that in Fremantle we had a baronot who could, had he wished to do so, have taken precedence of moat, if not all, other baronets in the colonies. Mr. Wallace Bickley, agent for Lloyds' at Fremantle, and a nominee member of the late Governor Weld's Council, WOB grandson of Sir Francis I Bickley, of Bickley-hall, Kent, cousin to that immensely wealthy man Sir William Wallace, i and maternal grandson of Sir Thomas Dun- lop Wallace. When Mr. Bickley became - entitled to the baronetcy, he very wisely de- clined it, feeling that, as a comparatively poor mercantile man, he was not in a posi ¿ion to accept a title. Another reason which no doubt weighed with him was that he had 1 lost his only son some years previously. Mr. Bickley died, after a few days' illness, on the ' 30th June. He was second to none in West i Australia for common-Bense and for probity 1 in businesB matters, and his contributions to the local press and speeches in Council proved him to be a man of sterling ability, who would have made his mark in any large community. He arrived in this colony so long ago na 1829, and had been for a long time in high office in the old East India Com- pany's service." Regarding the now Bishop of Melbourne, a' London paper writes:-"Dr. Moorhouse is one of the evangelical school of thought in I the Church, but has never been amongst , those who ' prosecute or persecute' (to use i the words of the Bishop of London at the I last Convocation) those of their reverend 'brethren who may happen to differ from them on matters of Church discipline. In accordance with a decision of the Church Synod, he will be metropolitan of the colony, instead of Dr. Barker, Bishop of Sydney, who bos up to this time been the metropolitan of the whole of Australia." "The vein-trouble in the leg, which has been confining the Prince of Wales to the bouse is," the World states, " a sequela oí his great illness, and is recognised by the faculty as one of the most frequent relics of typhoid fever. He suffered from it occa- sionally during the earlier portion of his Indian tour, more especially at Poonan, and again at Calcutta, where it prevented him from going on that pig-sticking excursion to Goalunda in which Lord Charles Beresford's front teeth came to grief." " What are wo to do with our immi- grants?" asks theB>isbane Courier. "Itis not too much to say that this is now be- coming a serious question. Every day brings fresh complaints that the work to be done in the colony is insufficient to employ the num- ber of hands that are waiting for it. From Dalby we hear that Mesara. Overend have applications from three times the num- ber of men that they could possibly em- ploy; in Brisbane the labour market is well supplied; and in Maryborough the expected arrival of another shipload of immigrants has almost created a panic. This is a bad state of affairs, and does no credit to the foresight of our leaders. It should not have been difficult to discover that, if our public works were diminished, our immigration-of mere labourers, at all events-would require to be reduced in pro. portion. AB most of the people we import arelaboureis, having no capital of their own on which to subsist, it is evidently use. lees to introduce more than can readily find employment. The connexion be tween immigration and public works has always been recognised by the Liberal party, and their old cry was-immigra- tion to populate the country, public works to employ the immigrants on arrival, and the lands open for them to settle upon when they have saved tbe means to do so. Within a few dayB the Premier will have to decide whether immigration shall be stopped or a scheme for the construction of public works brought forward. The matter is urgent, and must be decided promptly. If we stop our immigration snddenly it will do us serious injury, whick wo may not recover for years ; it will be taken as a confession that the colony is unable to support more than its present small population, and will probably prevent us from ever reosauming the position which we now hold in the eyes of the migra- tory population of the world. The opening of the bridge over the Bris- bane River at Oxley Point, on the Brisbane and Ipswich Railway, completes railway communication between the capital of Queensland and such portions of the western interior as were already traversed by pre- existing lines. The formal opening was celebrated in customary fashion, but (says the Qmesfandcr) no celebration could have been looked forward to with less pleas- ing anticipations by those principally concerned than this one. There was a lagubriousneBS evident in the tone of the whole proceedings. Thore was a death's head of a wasted quarter of a million sterling brooding over the assemblage. Such feeble grntnlations as wore attempted glided out in an apologetic, shameful way, like sheeted ghosts of buried anticipations Except the bridge engineer, there was not a soul concerned with the construction of the line to whom a complimont would not havo sounded like satire. A lino, which for this portion of its length cost £20,000 per milo ; is being continued inland for £3,000 per mile, and admitting that the bridge is an admir- able structure, the question intrudes of how there comes to he an £80,000 bridge at all. It must, indeed, havo boon a touchy Bert of business where tho solo refuge from sore points was to dwell upon tho excellence, the mnsaivonces, the permanence of an £SO,000 bridge, standing where no bridge and no £80,000 waB required at all, had ordinary commercial principles boen attended to in the construction of the work of which it formed part.". Referring to the Adelphi Theatro, the Em opean Mail says : -" ' The Colleen Bawn' has been revived at thiB house.' It is represented in a style oreditablo to all concerned, but more particularly to Mr. J. C. Williamson and Miss Maggie Mooro, who, appearing respectively as Mylos-na-Coppaleon and Eily O'Connor, Bupport the characters with admirable spirit and ability. There oould be no more conclusive proof of the bril- liant versatility of those attists than that fur- nished by their bold and triumphant transi- tion from the quaint humour or stolid gravity of the Dutch personages whom thoy have heretofore impersonated to the alternate vivacity and pathos, tragic emotion, and recklees «bandon of the Irish peasantry. The combination of 'The Colleen Bawn' and 'Struck Oil' forms a strong bill, which bids fair to fill the house for many a night to come." The second concert of the winter series given at the Sailors' Home, free to seamen, under the auspices of the committee of management, took placo on Wednesday even ing, and was, considering the few seamen in port, remarkably well attended. The chair- man of the committee, Jonkheor J. W. Ploos Yan Amstel, presided, and in addressing a few words to those present, took advantage of the occasion to draw their attention to the opportunity afforded them by the evening school for navigation established in the Home , to acquire sufficient knowledge for attaining j the highest position in their profession. The cost of learning could not be urged as an ex. cuse fornotattending, as the tuition in the ele- mentary principles was free, and bat nominal for the higher branches. They would there- fore Bee- that the committee, in providing thom with amuBoment, had not forgotten their mental culture. The singors were Miss BaBsett M'Donald, Miss Marguerite Smith, Messrs. Dwight, Honrix and Allnutt, with Miss Dwight no accompanyist, to whom Jhree cheers were lustily given by the seamen at the conclusion of the evening's programme. The drama of "Loah"'wos produced at the Theatre Royal last night, with Miss Cirrie George in the principal part. Tho perform- ance was a satisfactory one, and Bhe was well supported by Mr. Appleton as Rudolph, Mr Stuart O'Brien as Father Lorenz, and Miss Blanche Stammers as Anna. Mr. Dampier represented Nathan the apostate, but the part did not suit him so well au any of the others which be has been playing c4 late. To. night "Hamlet" will be performed, for the last time. Reports of the Chinese lottery cases, the Waterloo Coursing Meeting, tho Poultry Show, our Ballarat letter, and correspond- ence, will be found in the third page. We acknowledge receipt of Messrs. Nichol- son and Aecherborg's book circular, containing information relating to the variouB branches of their business, and drawings of the ex- terior and interior of their premises. We have roceived £1 Is. from Richard Allen for the Levy Family Relief Fund. A tea-meeting and entertainment, in con- nexion with SU Luke's Church Union, will be held in the schoolroom, Clarendon-street, Emerald-hill, this evening, at 7 o'clock. The president of the union, the Rev. R. B. Dickin- son, M.A., will occupy the chair. Mr. Henry Harris delivered his lecture last evening, entitled "Kings Saul and David," before the members of the Melbourne Jewish Literary and Debating Society, at tho Inde- pendent-hall, Russell-street. The essayist was listened to with much pleasure through- out, which was shown by the frequent ap- plause of the audience. The presentation of an illuminated address from the officers, servants, aud iu-door patients of the Alfred Hospital took place yeBtorday, the recipient being Mr. John Cooke, tho late resident surgeon. After occupying bis office for three years, he had recently commenced the private practice of his profession in Prahran, and tho address \ testified to the respect entertained towards i him hy the various employés and others. ; The Melbourno Debating Sooiety held a 1 meeting on Monday night, Mr. John Harker i in the chair. Messrs. Griffiths, Paterson, I Brain, and Rice were elected to bo speakers in a debate in which the West Melbourne ¡Society and this one propose to take part 1 conjointly on the 31st inst. The Bubjeot will be, "Will self-government be a lasting in- stitution ?" Mr. Simpson read his paper on 1 " Church and State," and Messrs. Cairncross, Atkyns, Rice, Waterstrom, Strongman, Kingsland, and Allen took part in the dis- cussion wnioh followed. 