THE STORY-TELLER. C AT HE RINE, OORIOXAL (By Somobod7o ' Darling,) CHAPTER T1Y. SO'er the high vault of stainle;s blue, L.ieht snowiy lececs float sorcue, like hovering spirite, plcsued Io view Thostillnenss of tbe S:tbb;ath accne. Teanrs that have flowed for wrng or guile, Thougihts rudly jarred or noralv wrcaglht. The weekldays' carr, the weekdays' toil On Sumnday'u bos?o aRe forgot: " It was a quiet'Sabbath evening, the third that had passed since her meet ilng wii1 Captain Stocktoni, and Calheriie sat with me under the shade •f her little verandah. The house wra.s built upon rising.ground,: and c-"-manded a view of the sea from the side where we sat, A soft repose rested upon everythirng; the very in sects hummed in a whisper; the breeze that came across the waves, rustling the trees, had a subdued holy sound. Often I have fancied that all nature appears to keep this sweet Sabbath-only man refusing to obey the sacred command. We were watching a ship, the onoeobject upon the horizon, as she came slowly and gracefully into port. I could not help calling the attention of rny companion io it. That ves.el, which had passed through the trackless ocean, amid storm and danger, had been tossed nabout, and often, perihaps, nearly overwhelmed, but, rising upon the great waves which would have buried .her in the fathomloss deep, had overcome every difficuIy and peril, arnd was peacufully entoring the har 'bor. ! "So," I remarked, "if we, unresistingly allow ourselves to be guided by the hand ot Him, who stands at the helm, shall glide asn tranquilly (the rocks and tempests of the world all passed) into the safe anchorage of H1eaven's eternal rest." "Is it my fancy, Effme," she said, "'or does the air seem laden with sadness to night ?" ' "It is only hushed and sublime, ~as unday evening generally is, Catherine.' '"But have you never felt that strange, awful weight upon your spirits ?--a somethirig dreary and un defined; that makes you think a soul is passing away in ttle hallowed stillness.". " I cannot say that I have not ex perienced the senousation you describe ;" anrd then we both looked at each other in amaze, for the Church bel gave one toll. Neither spoke, tilll, after .waiting: some. seconds, the bell commenced in earnest to ring out its joyous call to worship, Nevei had it ,neen more welcome to me than it was that night. Had it been a. link of .ympathy between the lved and the tunffering that had drawn our thoughts ,) such a aubject ? I could not help. ihinking so, when, later in the even ig, I heard the solemn tones of the cleorgyman, so terribly distinct, give rut the notice that "the prayers of t1he church were desired on behalf of I'ercy Stockton." During the re suninder of thot service Catherine worshipped .upon her knees. I thought, 'at times, she was quietly -.reeping out at the feet of her loving 3aviour, all her pride, her repentance, miad her entreaty for the life of him wvho was unoistakably a part of her exisatence. Placing her arm within rluine, as we left tihe church, she said, in a tone which was an echo of the music from a softened henrt,-" Effie, how poor. how utterly: worthless we appear when we examine ourselves by th light of God's presence. Will you go with me to see Percy ? I know now how unreasonnbly cruel I hmave been to him." D)r. Iosenbers was 4here when we reached thle house, and we were siiown into the parlour; loweover, it was not !ong before he joined us. Slhaking hanids with me, Sie addressed Catterino, saying with 'uanecessary abruptness,-" You wish to see Captain Stockiton, Miss Mon tour ? You are too soon; all is not -.t over." Her lotok of blank horror, £,lowed . by a forvenrit " Thank jisavon!" induced hint to add, -"Perthaps you wrould like to see him -vhile'ho is alive ?" " Olh, in mercy, tte me to him !" she cutr ated, in she humble tone of one who feels she -nerits reproach. At the:o door sohe wvildly rushed past the doctor, and flinging herself upmn her knees beside f:o dying man, oe,!.:inoied : SOh! Percy, my darling, precious '.ercy, do not di,. Oh! forgive me, aud live for my sake, or my heart will break, it is so bound up in your life." 'Tho departing spirit hesaid the tppoal, aldt lingered to communicato a sense dfforgiveness to the suppliant. lheo feverish Ihand pressdd hers, the lips quivered into tho swmeetest of eimliles, the eyes, full of tender love, rested upon hers; thanl with a happy sigh of relief, as 'twero, thI, soul took its flight. Catlherine still knelt, with her face buriedl, beside the bed, and, tot wishing to distu b her at so eslemn a time, I droew he doctor out of the room to ask him :b ut Captin toctoot's illloss. I found that he lrd but just recovered from the effects of a dangerous wound. The hasty j.Surney had severely tried his return ing strength; the reception he had s:tpt with had been the blow, and after ]ounving us, he had ruptured a blood vessel, \Veakl and wretched he sank into a low fever, to which he had suc cumbed. When Dr. Tselnberg asked if Miss Mlontour should be seat for, he simply said, "No, I could not boar it, for she has ceas-3d to love me; biut tell. her when I am gone, that I loved her to the end, and forgav. her harsh loss;; and oh, doctor, tll hler I would plead with her fromnt the verge of eter ;.ity to subdue her pride, and forget iher resentmeUnt against nme, for she c:itan know no peace, whlile she harbors such feelings." ITow my heanrt achled for her. WTould she ever rTegatin her peate of mind ? I questioned if it wore?r -the best, when I saw the tremblirg lidls unclose and thie lite blood tingel hir white lip-, as we gently raised her inanimate form fromntho bedside-fjaring what the futruro umight hold for Ilher. OiDIPTER V. ",nd now. although the first sad wrcncl is a'er. Thy future's shattered beyond earthly hope ; ieven'se sheltering arms must shicld for ever more And point thee wbpre the soul has nobler scope." I will nriot weary my readers by tell ing how, monlth al'ter mouth, I watchei for the rkturn ofstrength to my friend, nor how tardily it came. I thoighlit, at times, she was gradually and quietly fadiig odit of exietence; bllt.when the next spling came'in with its sunny warm!th, it iispired Catherineu :withl new vlgour. Two yoars have now passed ·since! her hIenvy sorrow antd save for the dark circles rou!id ihet eyes, you woiuld say she was inlIteied. .There was a change, however; the proud spirit. bent- under the rod of ,ffiiction, had not reboundedr but retained its hunr ble attitude devoting its whole energy for thejgocd of those amongst whom she dwelt. 8he became tihe friend, aye, tihe lrse, of the poor,. and ma.y were tlidhe desohlted homes cheered by her presence, No one diedl within twelvd miles withorit Miss Montonr .being. sent for, No serious enterprise could be undertake" witlhout her advice, arnd Neckar wuld bu bitterly bereaved if alte ei'e tkenn from them. .I 6fren.acknowledgb to myself how wise was the decree that bade her live, at the:i time whien it appeared to mie far better that sheie should have rested beside him whom she so loved. Then, how much would have beoen lost, which now crowns a useful career, devoted to. good Works. I have but oto niore cir~hnistiuioe to record, relative. to my friend, ero I close thu skotchi..'::i .. . Htaving returned' one evening:from a dyiizg womnii, she looked so white and faint tihat I insisted upoi riidmill istering a stimulant before I tookl'off her wraps. ~ihe was deep'y affected by the scene which she had just wits nessed, and drew from her-pocket a small parcol, whichl, with treuibling fingers slo untied, anrd exhibited tihe contents to my wondering eyes,-a. large gold watch; witlh massive ·cihain and seals, and a diamond ring of ex traoidinary beauty. " That miniserable woman OLeary, gave them to me, Eflfie," she said, "it was for these that.her wretched husband perilled Ihis soul."' 'IDoetor Hollingsworth," she went on with an attempt at a smile, "try some of your own medicin;e, for you look like a ghost." I partook of the brandy ai?id water, I had mixed for her, gladly, for my heart beat violently with a deep emotion that she Lknew"not of. Tlien she continued- "Sin nereds no greater punishment, surely, thilal thi't Whii 1:t bDrilags With it to the sinner. .He could do nothiiig with hlis ill-gotten gair; , he was afraid, and Ieft it hiilden'filr down' in the earth, till, at iengtlh, to ease his conscience, he wrote to his wife, who, till then, was quite ignorant of the affiir. He told all, begging her to find the stolen property, and restore it to Speilberg's friends, ir any lived, or to hand it over to the authorities. Mrs. O'Leary searched, by night:; the spot in their garden which he had indi cated, and at last found these thiings; the money he carried away with him. The woman was afraid to tell anyone, and kept them locked up until she felt herself dying-and even then it was with much reluctance that she confided in me-begging me to do what I thought best with the things. Already Ifeel them as an awful responsibility. The diamond in the ring appeared- to flash at me, a mocking glance, as I opened the packet. It will be a duty, I suppose, but, like Mirs. O'Leary, I shall much dread to seek'out poor Basil's friends. I- never heard any thing of theml though, I presnmo, his property, her", !7as claimed by some one while I'was shut up away from the world ? What steps would youadvise me to take; Eflie ?" shesaid, turning her frightened eyes upon me. For a moment I felt embarrased pos sessing as I did, ·a secret of my own. I hope my readers will 'pardon me for not entrusticg" it to them sooner. Galstarin .Speilberg and his sister Muriel had been the last desi endants of a noble German houso-no trace able relative to them, however distant existed; . OGlsterin married late in life, and his .wife who was exceiding!y Ihand some and rich, was taken from him when:their sni Basil was born. Mulidl Speilborg had been married many years before, to an E',iglish gentleman who .wis conmparatively poor, ii all save his love for the beauti ful Grman girl. Three sons-who died in early youth wore born ti: thenii. Her lhub?.nd, TVillisri: Holliigswdrthi never very strong,. f.ll iato a declin, and :neither the medical skill nor the tender solicitude of a loving wife could save him. He lived htit to hold his baby girl 'nce in his arms io bless and irame her "Effi-," the Effie Holling.worthl now befire you. In our youth ry cousin Basil, and I were betrothed; but as he grew to to manhood I. f,,und mny heart drifting from him. Though in every way worthy of my love and respect, there was no sympathy between us, and that alone can create .a perfect oneness. I, worshipping all that was grand and exalted-tho beautiful romance of nature, so to speak; he, large hearted, but aspiring to nothing higher than his own common place, every day feelings. My brother died when I was nineteeri; dear Mother, she held an engagement as a sacred bond, which, once formed was as solemn as the marrinage tie, therefore, I remained bound to my cousin for three years. However, I held a different opinion and thought it far more.honorablo- mnore trute, to broeak such a bondage while yet there was time, than to clench the chain which was already hurdensome to the wearer. So when I had no fond parent-to grieveI gave Basil to understand I could never be more than a cousin to him. Poor fellow, how blankly hlie looked at me when I told him there was nbt that uninm of soul betwoen us, that must exist to call forth the music of. our natures as they would clash in daily intercourse. I haveoften wondered if he so much as comprehended the feeling. His great black eyes only softened as he gazed irresolutely, then drawing mo to himuhe stooped to kiss me, saying, " never' mintid little cousin, don't look so a.d over'it--I shall manage very well, without you, and so we parted; After this I gave lessons in English, music, andsinging, to a few German families, which helped with the small income 'I had to support me-until the news of my cousin's uitimely death reached m.e,-andt being thle next of kin it wams necessary to proceed to Neckar and take possession of what proved to be a handsome, indepen dency. At Doctor Rosenborg's I met the girl whom I was told had in a moment of frenzy taken my cousin's life.; It was a painful discovery and I would have recoiled from her in hor ror, but his name never being men tioned in lher presence, she was not aware of our connce ion and poor Catherije, i?iconginous as was the in tiraty, took an tiriaccountahble liking to me--and subdued -my prejudice as by a spell. . G , When therefore she be sought me to share. her hoinn I conu d not resist. her appeal, lhavir g lealrnt to love her as a dear sister, but never until the night of which I have told you, could I in dr.ce her to speak of her past life whose details [ so longed to hear fromI her own lips, I imparted the' above to OCatherine with the caution that. I' felt was necessary for she was greatly moved by my rScital. " Thank BCteaen" she ejaculated fervently, "' that I can transfer these things at once to their rightful owner," andashejplaced them in my trenmbling hAinds.' "lint Efie,"' she said, looking nistfully at me mo. " How you must have hated and - despiseil her, whom you have regarded as your cousin's mnuidorer. these years pastl and I loving you so fondly," she added mournfiilly. "I never lounked on you in such. a light when oncet knew you, Cathe rine. I saw in my dirling friend only a high souled noble-spirited woman, and forgot all else." " Thank you-may God bless you for your generous re-assuring words." Then her eyis rested a momeit upon the jewels in my iap. her face crimnso!Ied, and she visibly shnddered. "Y our last thought Katie !" I said lightly. "I must hnve it-nay child,. Lut indeed I must " I added, as she shook. her head. Her face turned very white now as pointing to them she said in an awed whisper " Tie price of blood." It was a terrible thought and for an instant I turned sick and shrank from my new possession which seeined surdeimly imbued with uhostlv life. I tol i her I must weigh the nattar welli, before I could determine what to do with theim. I told the solitude of my chamber that night I thought over it, andlwhen I told Catherine of myde cision she was perfectly satisfied. I selt them to a person whom I could rely upon, to be sold-directing that the proceeds might go towards the fund (which was still open) fbr the support of those reduced to widow hood by the Franco-Gterman war. 1 retained but one thingas a momento of my poor cousin-a small gold whistle set with emeralds and pearls, which I had given him in our youth -an.' my heart clung toit now with a melancholy fondness. (To be Conttinued.) 