AT THE SAILORS' HOME. BY A VAGABOND. No I. ' Tbe traditional British sailor was a wonder- ful animal, full of strange oaths, welcoming danger in fight or storm, a lion at sea and a lamb aabore. His band waa alwaya in the pockets of bia mysterious nether garments, scattering doubloons or crowns amongst his friends, and his arm waa ever ready to defend a lovely woman in distress. This waa the Bailor of Dibdin, T. P. Cooke, and Douglas Jerrold. I don't quite believe that he existed aB a class. There may have been specimens, but they were as rareoathe moa or tbo bunyip, and are now extinct. The British sailor of fact was, I believe, a great radian, made BO by the tyranny exercised on board all vessels -whether men-of- war or merchantmen. His life at sea was, in many cases, one of ill UBage and misery ; he lived for long mouths in a floating prison, under strict restraints and unnatural privations, his existence burdened by the frightful scourge of scurvy. Sir James Graham was, I think, the Minister who preceded Mr. Ramsay inatopping private letteis. The bowl of indignation raised throughout England drove him from office ; hiB sin was great, but is forgiven, for as author of the Merchant Seamen's Act of 1835, which compels owners to give a periodical supply of limejuice and vinegar to sailors kept on salt provisions, he prevented in the future mach suffering and loss of life. We, nowadays, can hardly recognise that at times the efficacy of the British fleet waa imperilled by this scourge ; BO it was, however. Once, in 1780, after a cruise of 10 weeks in the Bay of Biscay, Admiral Geary returned to Ports- mouth with 2.500 men down with this scourge, Released, aa it were, from a floating hell, there is little wonder that Jack ashore ruBbed into dissipation, and in a few days "knocked down" the earnings of months and years. But because be was a fool, he was not therefore an estimable individual. His orgies were like his tastes, low, brutal, and disgusting. He, it ia true, spent his money freely amongst ruffianly companions, only because he did not recognise its value. As regards his chivalry, a lovely woman in distress conld not find a worse pro- tector than a balf-drunken sailor. The true historiés of the sea relate horrible tales of the outrages, murder, and rapine com- mitted by the chivalrous British Bailor ia the Spanish Main and peaceful islands of the Pacific. Go to, William and Tom Bowling ! As representatives of a class you are frauds, and never existed, save in the fertile brain of the songwriter. Yow aiez changé tout cela, so at least you say. Sailors, it is claimed, are now treated as rational beings, floggings on board men-of war are of rare occurrence, good food for the body is served out as well aa for the mind, and a large amount ia annually saved by Her Majeety'a Government through the falling off in the consumption of rum, owing to the establishment of Good Templar lodges on board many of the ships. The mer- chant Beaman is equally well treated at sea ; and ashore-instead of aa formerly being at the mercy of the low boarding-house keeper and crimp, who when he landed kindly took care of his money, provided him with unlimited rum and tobacco, and in aweek showed him a bill and kicked him " outward bound"-he goes to a sailors' home, attends a Bethel, temperance lodge, and Sunday school, puts money in tbe savings bank, and Binga Moody and Sankey inatead of Dibdin. The old ideal of the British sailor ia now thongbt to have been a disreputable one ; I question if the new one ia more real. It is certain, however, that the British sailor has now far better aida provided to keep him straight and protect him from landsharks, and of these sailors' homes are claimed to be the chief. The first of these waa established ia Well-street, London, in 1830, and shortly afterwards Mr. Richard Green built one for the nae of the men from his own Bhips. Then the magnificent build- ing at Liverpool was erected, and now Bristol, Portsmouth, Southampton, Cardiff, New- castle, Sunderland, and most ports in Eng- land, have their Sailors' Homes. The good effected by these baa been BO striking that beeideB those in the Australian colonies, Bailors' homes have been started in Cal. cutta, Bombay, Madras, Hong Kong, Shang- hai, Kingston, Cape Town, aud the Mau- ritius. The Melbourne home was opened in 1865, being erected on a piece of land granted, I believe, by the Government opposite the Spencer-Btreet railway station, and the cost of the building defrayed by Go- vernment grants and public subscriptions, the English shipowners and their agents giving largely. The home rapidly became very popular, and has been largely patronised by seamen visiting this port, no lesa than 10,405 having passed through the home as boarders during the 10 years it has been in existence. The other day I thought I would go to sei -at least, as far as the Sailors' Home ; ao one afternoon a ragged, disreputable vaga- bond, in semi-nautical attire, was to be seen entering the gates of the institution. Spen- cer-street ia not a lively locality, and the entire absence of nautical surroundings would lead one to imagine the building to be anything but what it is, The iron palings and BhrubB in the front garden are not sug- gestive of the briny. On the right hand side of the hall ia the superintendent's office, and knocking humbly at the door, I was told to " Come in," and found myself in the presence of the chief boss, John George Allbeuty, ex-master mariner, and therefore always accoBted with the brevet title of "Captain." This gentleman is ft native of one of the Channel Islands, and looks like a Breton farmer. Cap in hand, I respectfully answered his queries as to whence I came, my last ship, wby I left it, if I wanted an- other, and could I pay 19s. for a week's board? That sum being handed pyer, and my answers registered in a book, I waa asked it I had any money to deposit. I bad none, so was confided to the care of a young man, a Swede, the "runner" of the esta, bliabment. Taking a key, he ushered me up stairs to the fourth story and into a little room on the wing facing Littie Collina street. The rooms are 100 in number, and are Bituated on both sides of the passages on the different floors, from which and from each other they' are separated by partitions of corrugated iron, thus saving space and providing cleanliness. There are low windowB in each, looking into the streets or the inner yard, and over the door glass transoms admitting light at night from the gaslit passages, no lighta being aîîcwed in the rooms. My room was perhaps 10ft. square, the only furniture being a low iron bedstead. The floor and walla were not very clean, dust and cobwebs being plen- tiful I immediately examined my bed, and finding dirty sheet«, struck for and obtained clean ones, and was also promised a chair. Leaving my room, first locking the door and pocketing the key, I went below and examined my " home." The Bhipping office was formerly located here, but has recently been removed to new quarters near the Custom-house. The front facing Spencer street is now occupied by the office, store- room for luggage, and aday-room for inmates This is furnished with tablea and formB, and ia a particularly dirty and dingy place. It is adorned with coloured prints of biblical events, such aa David slaying a gigantic lion, the animal having bia claws in David's arm in a manner which in reality would have prevented David hammering him with a club as he ia supposed to be doing. A print of the fight with the Spanish Armada ia a little more appropriate. Over the fireplace is a notice that advance notes will be cashed " at the uBnal rate of 2a. in the pound," which to me seems rather extortionate, In this room inmates congregate and smoke, play carda and draughts; "nogambling, how- ever, being allowed." There ia a spacious yard at the back, at the end of which is & good room devoted to Bkittlea. Quoits are -provided outside, and under the verandah there ia a board containing a number of books, on which from a certain distance you pitch rings, or endeavour to do so. Alto- gether quite a fund of amusement. In this yard a number of inmates are always to be seen taking short quarter-deck walka to and fro. The force of habit ia here strangely exemplified. Confined at sea, like beasts in cages, sailor constitutionals never exceed a certain number of paces each way, and on shoro they cannot get rid of the habit Tho diningroom is in the. wing facing towards Little Collins.8tre«t and is a large room capable of accommodating 200. It is furnished with two long tables and forms, and over the fireplace is a marble tablet in honour of those good men and true who at the risk of their own lives rescuod the Burvivors of the screw steamer Admella, whicb, bound from Adelaide to Melbourne, was wrecked in August, 1859, The namea of all the men are given in full, and perpetuated thus before the rising generation of seamen This ia an example to them to go and do like- wise when need arises. The regulations say :-" Breakfast will be ready at 8 o'clock, dinner at 1 o'clock, tea at C o'clock, and supper at 10 o'clock. Each meal will be obtainable for one hour after the above stated times ; but, for the sake [of the servants, the inmates are expeoted to come at the proper hours for meals." The boarders are generally on time at their meals. In the morning the bell rings at 20 minuteB to 8, and few remain in bed after the breakfast hour, and when the diningroom door is opened there is always a ruBh for places. There is, however, a sort of grade even here, mates, stewards, and cooks gene- rally taking by custom the upper end of the table, and ordinary seamen the lower. Break- fast consists of mutton chops, beefsteaks and sauBages(componentparts unknown), tea or coffee, bread and butter. After my ex- periences at Kew, this was quite a liberal bill of fare, and everything was ad lib. Dm alas I I have not acquired a taste for the cuisine of the foek'sle. The meat and sausages are all fried together, with a liberal allowance of onions, and served up on great dishes without any pretence of distinction of viand. The consequence ia, every, thing tastes of grease and onions. I ob- ject to both. Dinner consists alternately of Boup and meat, or meat and " plum duff." The soup is not Al, the meat ia pretty fair, but the cookery, as I have suggested, decidedly of the foek'sle. Beef, mutton, Bea pie, and curry are brought in haphazard, and one generally seizes the first to hand. There are plenty of vegetables, and every, thing is served without stint At dinner each man is allowed a glass of ale-colonial of course, but good of the class. The Good Templars of tbe crew hand their beer to their mates, and are consequently much respected for their temperance. For tea there is hash, stew, and cold meat, with coffee, tea, bread, butter, and salad. This waa the meal I relished most Supper consists of cold corned beef, bread, and cold water. I went in to look at this meal once, and shuddered to see men deavouring piles of this indigeeible food, washing it down with pure Yan Yean. I think the committee might allow tea and coffee or a glass of ale to each man at night. I could not help thinking of the experiences of a friend of mine who waa running for Congress on the working-man'a ticket in a district of Pennsylvania. He came to Phila- delphia to orate at a "masB meeting," and a leader of the trades unions asked him to breakfast next morning. My friend con- sented, thinking it would be wise to pro- pitiate, but with inward misgivings. It was a very cold morning in December. I had breakfasted quietly and well, and was smoking the postprandial cigar in the hall of our hotel, when I saw a car- riage rapidly drive np to the door, and my friend rushed in, pale as a ghost his countenance expressing pain and horror, and one hand clutching his waistband. " What's the fuss, Colonel?" said I. "Brandy," he gasped, " brandy 1" and seizing me by the arm he dragged me to the bar. There he took auch a dose of Martell'a '58-50 cents a drink-as considerably astonished the bar. man, who intimated that they kept open all day. Sinking on a seat, the Colonel said " I live-but how I have suffered. It serves me right I think I will retire to my native township, and become an honourable man, letting Congress elide. Any way, I vow henceforth never to eat, drink, vote, or have an j thing to do with a working man, espe- cially a Dutch working man." And then he told bis ghastly tale. His host it seems, WBB a German, and the breakfast I consisted of a huge round of corned beef, a a bowl of sauer-kraul, and a keg of lager beer. This on a morning when the thermo- meter was down to zero. The wretched man bad to eat and drink of these, and submit for two hours to a cross-examination, and a repetition of hie political creed to an admir- ing crowd of " popular " leaders. This saved my friend, however ; he waa disgusted, and retired to Chester County, and ia now an honest country lawyer and farmer, whereas if he bad gone on his evil course to Congress hie career, morally, would have been a downward one. I suppose the beds at the Sailors' Home would be luxurious to a " weary sea- boy ;" for myself I thought mine rather hard, and could not sleep well. I waa glad that it was winter, or I might have had companions. The lights in the day-room and passages are turned out at 11 o'clook, but when I retired at that hour, I had little chance of rest. Boarders would come home at all hours, clattering along the passages, every sound reverberating along the iron walla. I found it very cold, too. I alwoys opened the venti- lator above the window, and the transom over the door, and the bed-clothing being rather scanty, I often awoke shivering in the night, and wondering if this was the climate which, in England, X had heard spoken of as being so mild that people slept under gum-trees all the year round. Not much in Victoria, I think, at least when they attempt to do it in tbe summer they are brought before a magistrate, and convicted "on the vag." At the Honlè the wind blows cold and dreary over the swamp, and in winter the outlook from my window is not a lively one, On each landing there are two open spaces in the passages; noting as lavatories. A great blessing at all the public institutions of Melbourne is the bountiful supply of water. Soap here was prooured from the steward who looked after the floor, each man having a piece given him for pri. vate use, I do wish they would also give them a towel each. The Benevolent Asylum is the only institution I have seen here where this great aid of cleanliness ia understood. Here the towels aro only changed once a week, and they are consider- ably, as may be imagined, soiled by use during that time. Bit in any case I object to havo the chance of drying myself after a Chinaman or a negro and I had to supply myself with relays of pocket-handkerchiefs for that pur- pose, being afraid to introduce a towel, as it might be thought too high-toned for a vaga- bond. There is an attendant to each floor, the chief being a German named Joe, who spends many sixpences in the Chinese lot- teries, being on quite intimate terms with Little Bourke-street. The other two are quite boys. These, besides making the beds on their respective floors, are supposed to do all the cleaning, both up and down stairs, have to set the tables, and wait at meals. When the Home is full, as it is at present - 93 being the average during the last few weeks - these men have hard work, but are sometimes assisted by an inmate who may give a hand, getting in return some slight reduction in his board money. The whole establishment is worked economically, be- sides the three stewards there being only two cooks, night watchman, runner, clerk, and superintendent on the staff. There is enough work for everybody, more than enough, per- chance, and consequently a want of general cleanlinees and attention to the comfort of the boarders. Personally I know little about sailors' hornes in the old world, although I have seen the'outeide of the iriBtitutlons at London and Liverpool landing at the latter port the night of the great fire at the Home in 1859, and getting, I remember, considerably well drenohed thereat Bat the inmates of those Institutions are, I believe, of all colours and nationalities, and a visit to them would afford far better opportunity for studying character than to the one hore. We, how- ever, are rather mixed. English, Irish, Scotch, Welsh, and colonials from all parts of Australasia, were mixed np with one Yankee, Frenchmen, Germana, Italians, Greeks, a Malay, an American citizen of African descent, a pure negro, and tho Chinaman who appears to be always with me, A black mau sat next to me at table, great'y to the dipguBt of my Yankee friend, who said, " By-, eir, this is the first time I ever boarded with a nigger." I was interested, as he was of pure blood, and a study to me. I don't know whether it ia to be put down to rum, civilisation, or Chris- tianity ; but owing to some cause, the pure negro is not to be found in the United States, and yearly the coloured folks appear to bo getting lighter there. I have seen many little children running about in the South with blue eyes and golden hair, who, before the Civil War, would have been slaves. So I was interested in thia pure "nigger," and found him a very quiet decent man. . He waa cook of a vesBel, his race being always favourites in that capacity The British sailor of old waa certainly not to be found amongst thia crowd. Both in manners, appearance, and dress they were very different to the popular notion of a sailor. The majority were men who sailed along the Australian coasts, making an occasional trip to India or the Pacific Islands. They wera long-shore men, who could turn their banda to anything ; would now go with horses to Calcutta, or aa deck handa on river steamers, or take a turn in the baBh at shearing or whatever came handy. The idea of the British tar on the wallaby seems a hereay> yet many of the mon at the Home appeared by their talk experienced bushmen. In dress the majority of inmates were at- tired like landsmen, a few young mates appearing in blue suits and brass buttons. There wes an extraordinary partiality displayed for woollen scarfs. The old idea of a tailor ia a brawny- necked individual, whose chest and throat were always uncovered, and exposed to the Bun and wind. Each man here, however, seemed particularly anxioua to muffle up his throat. I don't know whether thia sort of amphibious life which many of them led made them better seamen ; it ia cartain, however, it made them generally more intelligent I had long conversations with some ol these men. According to them, Melbourne, as a port, was getting nearly played out, and the number of sailors unemployed was instanced aa a proof. When the wool season cornea on some might get a ship, but BO many of the Eoglish liners ship their crews out and home at very low wages that there would not be a chance for all. If, too, they shipped to London at good wages, they would have to, in many casea. work their way back at the nominal pay of Is. a month. "Adelaide's the place," said one man to me, " Melbourne's going to the doga." "How do you make that out?' Iaaked, " Well, you see, they get no cargóos coming out here. What they do get they carry at Buch low rates that it don't pay 'em. Ships only come now for the wool. The customs ia BO high that it stopa gooda being sent out. Now at Adelaide they get good cargoes both ways Every year you see more shipa come in, and if they don't alter the customs here, Adelaide will get all the Riverina trade. When I once get away from here I'll never come to thia port again. Adelaide is the place for me." All the sailors I talked with were freetraders to a man. The present seem, indeed, very hard times with the sailors in this port. The wages offered are vary low, and it ia only the existence of a sailors' union which keeps thom at a minimum of £5 monthly io; able-bodied seamen. I waa myself offered £0 a month for a nine months' cruise, but I wanted £7. Every day the ma- jority of the inmates of the Home go down to the shipping-office, around which they loaf, waiting for captains short of hands, who come not. Then they return to their meals and on wet days lounge about the passages, play cards in the dayroom, or read in the l.btary. This is a room on the first floor looking into Spencer-street-it ia small and dirty. At one end are locked bookshelves, containing a good selection of popular works On the tables are the daily papers and a fair Bupply of English Illustrated and other periodicals. Booka are given out from the Bhelves every morning. In thia room a certain number of inmates always congregate-they are generally of a superior grade. Here one or two daily bring their books and slates and wuk out problema in navigation, by those mjsterious processes which enable nautical mathematicians to take a reckoning. They are studying to pass for first mates. There is an evening sohool at the institution, at which boarders are given instruction to enable them to pasa either as second, and first mate, or masters. It is a good thing that a man at sea should understand naviga- tion, no matter what position he holds, but from Melbourne these Btudenta stand little chance of obtaining positions as officers, as the number of mateB ashore is quite out of proportion to the seamen, or the demand for such. lam humourously told "the woods are full of mates ; you find 'em on every bush here."Inthelibrary,weonwetdoys,oratnights gathered round the fire and exchanged ex. periencea. I have in my time sailed on many waters and in many ships, and so I waa quite at home. My Yankee friend had sailed on the Lakes, out of the port of Buffalo, Now as I bad myself been a voyage from thence to Dulutb, along those wondorful inland seas, we were at once on the same track. " Waa it the Western Transportation Company you were with ?" I was asked, and I admitted that I sailed in one of their boats. From thence our conversation led to sea and ships, till we struck mutual ground in recollections of the ill-fated Virginiue and her commanders, This Yankee bad come out here in a "lime juicer," and his ideaa of Australia were not very favourable. "I'fa out of conceit with ali of it," said he; "we'd nothing but hunger, thirst, starva- tion, and poverty on the voyage ¡ you'll never get me in one of those cursed ships again." A man who had been at Calcutta during the Prince of Wales's visit gave na graphic accounts of the high jinkB carried on amongst the Bailors in the fleet, and the grand feed given to them. "You know the Budgeree Ghaut," said he to me. "Oh, certainly.'1 " Well, the tent was right from there ; my eyes and limbs ! it was a dinner ; thora was a bottlo of ale to every man, and a pint of turn between two, and after dinner European ladies-real ladies, too came around, and asked ua which we'd have -' Cavendish or fine cut ?' " Thia crowning joy overpowered us all, and we silently envied the man who had seen the Prince, and been served to " fine cut" by European ladies. We bad some very tough yarna, especially in the snake line. One man nar- rated how, off the coast of Africa, he and his mate bought three young boas for 10s, each, and kept them on deck in a tub, at Graves- end Belling them to Jamrack'a agent for £30. I have since repeated this story to a young friend of mine, who proposes joining me in the enake trade. Tales of Australian, Indian, African, and American snakes poured in from all Bides, each one of us appearing at some time to have been in imminent deadly peril from such reptiles. I related my cele- brated story of the snake which every morn- ing waited for me as I took my ride, and after making an ineffectual spring retired into the bush until next day. One morning I was a little earlier than customary and missed tey friend. I felt rather vexed, as I had got used to the amusement ; but shortly afterwards, at the bottom of a steep hill, looking round I flaw his Bnakeahip with his tala in his month coming down the bill uko a wheel. When be reached me he made the usual spring, and dodged the lash of the whip, and then returned home- ward!?. I would not have killed that snake for anything, and I don't believe he would have injured me ; and be is believed to han sickened and died of grief when I left those parta. This truthful talo was very suc- cessful. There waa a young man at the Home studying to pasa his examination as.first mate. One day he Bbowed me a certificate containing his name and the address at uuîidip little tonn, beautifully situated in a valley on the Welsh bordera, where, years ago, I passed some happy days. It ia one of those one-horse places where a decent stranger is looked upon OB a welcome curiosity, and if ha is young and of a sociable disposition, soon geta to know the whole country Bide. At the subscription billiard-room I met every one from the sporting attorney to the millionnaire banker and ironmaster, whose works were on " the hills," 15 miles away. Croquet and archery parties introduced me to the fair sex; and at the bunt- ball, and races the notabilities of three counties assembled. I Lad forgotten all abont this place and the leople thereof; but this meeting with the young mate recalled many things to my memory. " Did you know the Blorenge, and the Sugarloaf, and Raglan Castle, and Llanover Priory?" "Yes, I knew them all." " And Sir Joseph Bailey, and the Hanbury William BeB V "Yes." "And do you remember when young Reginald Herbert, of Clytha, was brought up in London, with a lot of officers and swells, for kicking np a row at Ctemorne, after Asco-, races, and they very neatly got six months' each?" I bad a vivid remembrance of tai?, through newspaper reporta. "And did you know Mra-, of Abergavenny Castle ; ana do yo remember the time she turned the garden-hose on the Ranters, who wero preach- ing outside the castle walla, and Bet all her servants beating pans and kettles to drive them off J'" Then my friend prattled on to re. miniscencesof " Mra. Yelverton-Thérèse, of that ilk, Viscountess Avonmore-who is sister of the eccentric lady mentioned above. I sup- pose I have a natural aptitude for "placing'' persons and things. At all events, on this occa- sion I told my young friend all about the district, from the Lord Lieutenant's seat to the whiskey mill on Custlo-groen. He waa astonished to find an American with auch a knowledge of a remote EngliBh country town. Eyeing me suBpiciouBly for a time, he at hist said, "And you knew Evans's, the boot shop ? " I admitted having laid ont money lhere. "Did you know the young one who shook the till, and went to sea ?" I waa not so certain of this. My friend watched ma carefully for two days, and then said, "It'<> no use, I'm eure you were horn down there. You know more about the place than I do. I believe you're Evans." I laughed heartily at this, but the idea remained fixed, and the next day he said, "I say, Brans, what name do yon go undemow?" Think- ing of the norn de voyai/e I had given Captain Allbeury, I waa mightily amused at this query. Many people are concerned as to my identity ; if they will go down to the Sailors' Home they will find an intelligent young man ready to testify that I am an abscond, ing Welsh shoemaker. Rather rough this, even on a " Vagabond." No inmate of the Home seemed thoroughly to understand the exact nature of the insti- tution. Some said it waa a private specula- tion, and that the proprietors were making a good thing out of it ; others that it was a Government concern, and that the managers were bound to take in and provide for all shipwrecked sailors. I have since procured the last report of the managing committee, which is one of the most abstruse documenta Ieverperused, the work of a sailor apparently with little knowledge of law. I am especially struck with the "Laws of the Melbourne Sailors' Home," which certainly want ?re- vising, being very misty at present 1 find that the Governor and the Commis- sioner of Trade and Customs for the time being are to be respectively patron and pre' sident, and ex ojjicio members of the com- mittee. Further, that "the management of the institution shall be entrusted to a committee of 15 members, exclusive of ex oßcio members, five to retire annually, being eligible for re-election." The laws do not clearly state how the committee ia to bo elected, but presumably it ia by the members at a general meeting. The committee has power "to appoint five trustées, to whom all the landed and other property that may he acquired by the institution shall be con* ve j ed in trust, &c; Any vacancies occurring in the number of the tiuatees to be filled up at their meeting next ensuing." That is, the tiU8toes form a self- perpetuating and irre- sponsible body, which I bold it is highly undesirable to connect with any public institution, I read that general meetings of the members shall be held at such times as the committee shall determine, and special meetings on receiving a requisition Bigned by not less than thirty members. The members are subscriben) of not less than one guinea annually, and donors of not less than £25, the latter life members. On turning to tha list of subscribers to ascertain the number of members, I find that in Victoria, ac- cording to the above conditions, there are only about 20 members, these being for life, as last year there were no subscribers. I question if the majority of these members, who donated largely at the beginning, take any interest or part in the present working of the Home, and I presume everything ia left to the committee. It is an extraordinary thing that after the "laws" decisively say that there shall be 15 members, there are at present only 14 on the committee. Of thoBa all are not qualified by their donations to life membership. I fully acknowledge the viciouB method of looking at a man's in- terest in any institution and capability for managing same by the money he gives, but it is here made the test of membership. In this instance, as in all the ecmi.public institutions I have viaited, I find a committee, which is practically irre eponsible, having the control of a large »mount of public money, The subscrip. tionB from 1S02 to 1873 were £12,279, bnt of this £0,150 had been granted by Govern- ment in variouB sums, The Duke of Edin- burgh gave £100, and the ball held on the occasion of his visit realised £960. Tha balance of (he "Admella" fund handed to the committee Wits £4?9, PM*1»6 trustees of the "Taranaki Relief Fund" gave £721, on condition of 8 per cent, of that amount being annually devoted to the relief of dis- tressed seamen. The large sums given by EngliBh shipowners and collected on boara the mail steamers being added to the fore- going amounts, leaves a small sum to be represented by the members or committee. I am not saying one word against the pre- sent administration, either truBtees or mem- bers of committee. The gentlemen who devote tn'sir time to attendance at the board meetings are, I believe, earnest in the work. 'Jhey ore all of them representative men, wita large interests in the shipping of tbiB port the very men for the positions they hold at tha Home. But in course of time the constitution of the committee must alter, and who knows aa hot may happen, or what hands the Home may iall into. Sir Charles Dilke'a recent exposures of charitable corporations in the House of Commons allowa how irresponsi- bility may degenerate through agea into abuse and corruption. The first manogera may have been zealous and efficient, but they die off, or become careless, some sharp rogue eeizea the chance, and with bia orea tures aPBumeBcontrol of everything; they aro responsible to no one, and abuse their supposed trusta. Or a well-meaning but foolish man may push himself to the head of affairs, the result being equally lament- able. It ia true that, now, the Government grant ia withdrawn from the Sailors Home, it being quite Belf-supporting, indeed work ing at a profit-last year the amount paid for board being £3,292, and coat for maintenance, including all salaries, only £2,771. Bnt this building waa erected by the public money for the Bailors benefit, and the trustees and committee should be responsible to some one. AB the Home is so largely supported by the seamen Bailing around the coast I think they should be represented on the committee and have a voice in the management Aa it is, trusting to ita presumed publio character, they depoBit large Burna in the office, the amount now on hantj being £1,132, and since the establishment of the Home over £42,000 baa been BO re- ceived. This, I Buppose, ia placed where.it .will do moat good in the way of bringing in interest, but I really think Jack, who now supporta the Sailora' Home, should nava Boma sort of voice in the management of bia quarters and funds. 