MISCELLANEOUS. The Grand Lodge of English Free masons.— On December 1 a full meeting of the Grand Lodge was held in the Throne-room at Freemasons' HalL This being the night on which, by the ancient constitutions, a Graud Master is to be nominated, the attendance was unusually lai'fic, aud the spacious hall was filled with the representatives of London lodges and provincial grand lodges, and with past and present grand officers, presenting on the whole a very striking assemblage, every member present wearing his ' clothing as au officer and his decorations for ser vices in the craft. Colonel Lyne, Pro vincial Graud Master of Monmouthshire, presided in the absence of tbe Earl of Carnarvon, Pro-Grand Master, from whom a telegram was read stating that he was prevented from attending by having sus tained a sprain to Ids ankle. The presid ing Pro-Grand Master then announced that Bro. Alderman Hadlcy had been ap pointed to fill the place ou tbe Board of General Purposes, vacated by the death of Bro. John Savage. Bro. Case, of the No. 1 (Grand Master's) Lodge then rose and proposed the nomination of His lloyol Highness the Prince of Wales as Graud Master for the ensuing year. He said that the great interest His Royal Highness the Grand Muster had taken in the affairs of the craft had aroused the warmest feeling of Freemasons over the world, and the members of tbe craft would hail His Royal Highness' nomina tion as Grand Master for next year with the greatest satisfaction. The n- imiuation was received with unanimity. The Grand Lodge then proceeded to the discharge of its usual business, Sir Albert Woods, the director of ceremonies, superintending the discharge of the work. Bro. Ruhe presided at the organ. On the motion of the Rev. R. J. Simpson, Grand Lodge voted .£100 to the Palestine Exploration Fund.— Home News. Collapse of a Railway King.— Which country is to claim the railway king who lately collapsed so ignominiously at Moscow ? Germany, England, and America have each an historical interest in him, aud one of the lost tribes might put ju a supplementary claim to tbe credit of his ancestry. Dr. Strousberg ib en tirely a self-made man, and from his twelfth year he has been fighting for his own friends. He was born in Neiden burg in East Prussia, but in his boyhood, having lost both parents, he came to Lon don. Having received a brief business training he became au insurance aud par liamentary agent From that he proceeded cautiously upward to railway speculation, and had acquired a fair fortune for a young man, when the railway collapse of 1848 swept it all away. America then invited him to new enterprises, and the Yankees themselves were excelled by him in ver satility of occupation. Whde keepiug a school he had an eye open, after the man ner of bis people, for a good speculation, and one day it came in the shape of a sal vage cargo of soft goods. The profit re alised out of this transaction enabled him to return to bis family and hU parliamen tary agency in England. After fighting for several years against fate he removed to Berlin as agent for the English Life Assurance Company. Thiswastuebumble stepping-stone to bis stupendous ?schemes of railway finance which commenced in 1B64. In eight years from the obtaining of his first railway concession, be built in Prussia alone over a thousand miles of railway, the share capital ot which ex ceeded eleven millions sterling, -Whether he borrowed the 'idea from Sir Morton Peto or Sir Morton from him, their plan of operation was tbe'Same— the construe-; tion of a railway for payment in shares intended to be sold, in «pan market ?, Dr. Strousberg carried tbe bold system, now- , ever,, to a far greater, development ? tbao ; our English contractor. Gennany.'Efanoe, Hungary, Ry'Tniwitt, and Bejgiuni wit neBsSd hU gigauticpetformwicei, we«an late 'oi' Dr. Strousberg Jo complete al most, nothing. Having ruined his shareholders. and : exhausted ;his credit, his ondertakingsbid; ginerally to be taken up aBft' finished by the bankB, which ad vanced him money -ob his shares. Among the cetfibfities.of his' surroundings were tho mansion in 'WilhelmstrasBc, where he employed 300 clerks, his own daily paper the 7W, his tntigni6ccnt estates in Bo hemia, his mines and ironworks,' his army of workmen sod officials estimated at 150,000, and, his. two. ducal friends who shared his profits as well as his glory. Intense Cold wr Russia.— The ifotcow Gazette gives details of a heavy snowstorm which occurred » short time back at Baratoff; and its neighborhood. Tbe roofs of sonle houses were forced in by the weight, and the snow was piled on the sidepaths: of the streets to tbe height of the first story ; also, the cold was' so intense that an officer was frozen to death whilst proceeding to tbe barracks. A detachment of Cossacks found upwards of thirty dead bodies in the surrounding country; and the small houses in tbe' suburbs were covered to an extent that' made it difficult to rescue tbe inhabitants. A disaster occurred to a pleasure party of young persons belonging to the highest circles of tbe town. They had gone to a ball ut a country house, and danced until 3 in the morning. The storm commenced about 2, and the more prudent endeavored to persuade the others to remain all night, but they did not heed the advice and started homeward. The vehicles soon got astray and separated from each other, and finally stuck fast in the snow, the horses refusing to proceed. The occupants then attempted to reach SaratofF on foot, but with one exception all wandered about the remainder of the night, and when help was sent, after the news was carried by the successful member of the party, they were found in the morning to have suffered more or less from the effects of the cold. The only daughter of the deputy-governor of the city had her hands and feet frozen, and her condition was considered most serious. A Rkmarkable Robbery. — A most mysterious and singular robbery 1ms been effected as follows : —A gentleman named Barrett, of Tunbridge Wells -in London attending market — entered the Three Tuns public- house, Billingsgate, carrying in his hand a black leather bag, contain ing 127 £5 Bauk of England notes, eight £10 ditto, and £338 in gold. Calling for some coffee, he placed the bag on the counter by his side, and only removed his eyes fora few moments from his precious burden while taking it. When ready to leave, Mr. Barrett stretched out his baud for the bag, but to his amazement it had mysteriously disappeared. The police were without delay informed of the rob bery, and the unfortunate loser at once offered a reward of £200 for the recovery of the property and the apprehension of the thieves. The exact way in which this clever theft was committed is at present unknown. There were several people in the public-bouse at the time, and two or three men stood near Mr. Barrett, but none of them could well have taken the bag without bis seeing them do so. A Fatal Festival.— The following are the details of the frightful accident at a Christmas festival iu Switzerland. The scene of the accident was tbe school-house at the village of Hellikcn, containing about 700 inhabitants, and one of the many villages in tbe fruitful valley of the Frickthal, in the parish of Wegstetteu, district of Rheinfelden, near the Swiss salt-pits. It lias always been the custom in most of the Swiss villages to collect subscriptions among the well-to-do in habitants for distribution among the school children as Christmas gifts. Every thing hod been prepared on this occasion iu the usual way, uud the children had assembled in the evening of Christmas Day, outside the school-house in the com pany of their friends and parents, waiting impatiently for admittance to see the Christmas-tree, iu order that they might receive their several gifts. At a little after 6 the schoolmaster commenced lighting tbe Christmas-tree. Having ac complished this, ho opened the doors, when the crowd waiting outside rushed in one deuse mass up tbe staircase leading to the 'room prepared upstairs for their reception. On their reaching the top of the second staircase, the beams support ing the flooring suddenly gave way, precipi tating everything below, aud by the vio lence of the shock causing the lower story to break down too, the interior of the edi fice presenting a horrible confusion, a number of human beings, beams, school desks, chairs, mortar, and stones being heaped up together. It -was nearly 7 o'clock when this occurred, and every thing was in darkness, when the remain ing population of the village, hearing the cries of the unfortunate children and their friends, hurried to the spot, 6ome of them subsequently running off for assistance to tbe neighboring villages of Zusgon and Wagstetten, the women and children of which were assembled for a similar pur pose in their respective village school houses. They set to work busily to clear the interior as soon as assistance arrived, extricating seventy-two corpses — those of fifty-six children, fourteen mothers of fumilies, and two men— besides about forty injured persons and children, some of them very seriously hurt. It is said that in many families only the father or grandparents are left alive ; the proprietor of the village inn lost his wife and three daughters by this dreadful disaster. Two little boys, by creeping along the wall after the accident, got hold of the rope of the school-house bell, and, pulling it with all their might, brought more neighbors to their assistance. The schoolmaster and tbe wife of the president of the village commune, the latter holding a child tightly iu her arms, were discovered perched up on the wall on the projecting remains of tbe pulpit, and were rescued uninjured after remaining three hours in their perilous position. The funeral of the persons killed by the accident pre sented a scene of indescribable desolation and mourning, A Dance on Skates. — Skating on wheels has now reached a stage of perfec- tion at which skating merges into dancing, and a skating party becomes a ball. Such an entertainment was recently given at Brighton by some of the officers of the Scots Greys, stationed at the Preston Barracks. Morning dress was, of course, worn, no roller-skates and no style of skating yet having been invented which would make it possible to cut the outside edge, cross, or go backwards in the grace- ful but inconvenient trailing skirt with which ordinary dancing is more or less successfully managed. But nevertheless, the scene was a pretty and animated one, with the many-colored dresses, seasonably trimmed with fur, the saucy Rubens hat, and here and there that ghost of a long dead-past, the coalscuttle bonnet. About 250 invitations had been issued, and there were present a company not far short of that number. There was perhaps some- thing a trifle monotonous about the pretty little Ajntenfa dam *upplied-«o uaoh*f the guests: Eighteen dances were set down, ahd-Mon' Was r waltz. The fact is that skating on wheels lends itself natu rally to thetime and swing of the waltz, and may be successfully adapted to other sorts of dancing only after a severe course of training, such as could be undertaken by few except professional acrobats. . A quadrille may be managed in a space that will allow of considerable margin, and with a bund skilful at' filling up interludes during which partners who- nave overshot the mark are struggling batik to the square; but tbe general result is not satisfactory, and the game is not usually considered worth tbe candle. Tbe motion of the skater and the time observed are so nearly akin to waltring, that when the band plays the 'Brise des Nuits' or 'Queen Mab,' one naturally lapses into tbe waltz. ?One coDseqaeuce of this is that when, ac cording to the programme, and, with very few exceptions, according to -the fact, everybody was waltzing, the Bcene pre sehteddiffered in an almost inappreciable degree from the sight witnessed on ordi nary club nights. Here and there two ladies, or a lady and gentleman, broke in to a waltz proper, moving round in due time and -sliding through the steps of ' trots temps ;' but for the most part, tbe company contented themselves with skating round the .rink in waltzing time, and swaying right and left on the outside edge to the waltz measure. Sovereigns fob Australia. — The Economist calls attention to the fact that part of the gold withdrawn from the bank last week consisted of 10,000 sovereigns for export to Australia, and remarks that tbe statement appearssurprising, now that Australia has mints of its own, and we are constantly receiving gold in the shape 'of sovereigns from it It serves to give some idea, however, of the extent of the Australian continent, and the difficulty of settling completely, when it is stated that the sovereigns exported were for Western Australia, with which the mother-country enjoys even better means of communica tion than the Australian colonies. Hence . sovereigns are sent direct from this side instead of from one of the banks in other parts of Australia. i CoRtoDS Effects of Liohtnixo.— The curious effects of a stroke of 'lightning arc reported by the Chicago Sunday Prett. Four ptjople sitting in a room were ren dered insensible by a lightning flash, which cut in half a locust tree outside. On their recovery one of them, a Vouug child, was found to bear on its body the imprint of the whole tree, limb, branch, ana leaf,' and even the 'severed portiou being distinctly reproduced. These marks were not permaneut, but Rrew fainter day by day, and 'in a month's time had entirely disappeared. We {Graphic) have beard of a similar case in Servia, where a, whole landscape was thus imprinted on a man's body. Thousands of Human Skeletons found in an Bospital.— The Opinion National,, of Limn, published the follow ing sensational information lately : — We are informed that an immense quantity of human rcmaius have been taken from one of the walls of the old Kan Andres Hospital. In consequence of repairs now being made it became necessary to throw down one of the wails of tbe Chinese ward, which adjoius the department named 'Our Lady of Mercy,' and the laborers, to their surprise, found that the walls were hollow and filled with human remains. As was to be expected, work was then pushed on more rapidly, and our informant stites tbat on that day alone several hundred skeletous were re moved, and that the dresses of all re mained in good condition. On the fol lowing day the work of removal had been continued, nud we are informed that already between 4000 aud 5000 skeletons have been discovered. It appears inex plicable to us how the wall of an edifice of this kind could be converted into a cemetery. Less rational does it appear that this mass of bones should be the shocking traces of some horrible human hecatomb, as a well-informed gentleman has suggested. It may be well to remem ber that the San Andres Hospital was built in 1557, under the protection of the Marquis of Canette, Don Andres Hurtudo, and at tbe instance and by the advice of a Spanish priest named Molina. Since then, up to the present time, it has been employed for the charitable and humane purpose for which it was constituted, and for this reason the present discovery is the more remarkable. How can one imagine that, in an establishment for the preservation of health, such a mass of bones could intentionally be accumulated ? On the other hand, how can we account for the perpetration of a gigantic crime of which no trace remains ? In addition to tbe above wo may add that the impression generally prevails that these bones belong to tbe victims of tbe Inquisition. They appear to be from 150 to 200 years old, and from their appearance lead to tbe belief that the bodies were thrown into the opening between the walls. All the skeletons appear to be clothed, and dresses, bouts, and shoes are found, mixed with large quantities of women's hair. A portion of a Spanish missal has also been fouud. A ' Baby-Washf.b,' -A most useful invention for nursery use, called a 'baby- washer,' is reported. It is described by the inventor as follows :—' You simply jnsert the begriuied and molasses-coated infant into an orifice which can be made any required size by turning for ten minutes a cog- wheel with electric attach ments. The child glides gently down a highly polished inclined plane ; his lips are met at its terrainance by_an india rubber tube, from which the infant can draw actual nourishment of the purest aud most invigorating character, secured for the special purpose at great expense from a choice breed of Alderney kine raised on the estate of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in the Isle of Wight While in this compartment, which is lined with plate-glass mirrors, tbe jrartorbed 'spirits of tbe infant are soothed by !iW frantic efforts to demolish its own image reflected iu the glass With tt uloMe-platedcbmbinod tooth-cutter, nail-knife, rattle, and tack* hammer, which is; thruBt into tbe biby's hand by an automaton monkey, raiurued byitsdestrutiUvBeffortti, the infant falls to sleep;' 'while the prgin attachment play* softer the ravishing melody of 'Piit me in «y Jittle bed.' Then it slips intothb third compartment Here the baby is washed/' Another small tube «4minlste» atdose of soothing syrup, 4nd the infant «flidea from the machine, its Aails fared, *nd Us hair combed, if it bas *ny,ireadyfor'the uabilimentB'renaered nosisstey by'the fidlflf our firstps^nts. WhWt 'Savages Think of Twra.s.--rln Ainoa.- according : to Dr^ J^obsrt crown, ('fiscss of Mankind') the birth of twins it commonly regarded :«s an evil omen. Ho one, except the twins themselvesland their neawst relatives, is allowed to enter the hut in which they first*fcf 'ilie m^ The childrta4H« not totter with oTtier! oUldr^wdtTatt^ettte&siktifthatttttJ; ... M.-.ii:--^ ?'?_.?.:? '--?' ' j mil iili 4iliiMiillll I ? 'I — ~* 1 1 *m j§p iqgjfter is not allowed to talk KSPWSS^wOnKip«toberown family. ?_ftejff8ffi5il:*lrtn Kve till tbe endof the a«th ygtelHsSiipposed that Nature has accommodated ;nerself to their existence ? they are thenceforth admitted to associa tion with their fellows. Nor is this abom ination of twin births restricted to Africa. In the islandof Bajl, near Java, a woman who is so unfortunate as to bear twins, is obliged, along with her husband, to live for a month tit the.seatihore or among tho tombs, until nhe is purified. ToeKhastes of Hindustan consider, that to ho ve twins assimiliytes. the mother to the lower ani mals, ai^d oae-f them is frequently put to death. ' Ail exactly similar belief pre waila among flbjtie bftheliatiVe tribes of Vancouver IslahdLl^A,raoagjthe Ainos, one of the twins is always killed, and iu Arebo, in. Guinea, both tbe twins and the mother are put to death. ? ' AiKT ^'^ to BuppteJtbe place of gruel or barley-water is recommended by the Times of India;-' congee water,' or the liquor iu which rice has been boiled. This dnnk has three excellent qualities— it becomes impregnated with the proper ties of the -rice boiled in it, and thus satisfies hunger ; it quenches thirst, and is a capital draught in feversttacks ; and, lastly, when taken warm in bed, 'congee water' is good for bad colds and influenza. - ' Sweets and Sdoab.—' Mister, how \ do you sell sugar 'I' ' Sixpence a pound, \ sir.' 'Can't give it; TJI drink my '? coffee without sugar, and kiss my wife for j sweetening. Good day, air.' 'When | you get tired of that kind of sweetening ? please call again.' ' [ will,' said he ; I and he called next day. The Cmuh. — A clergyman once quar ' relied with a country squint, who said, 'Doctor, your gown is your .protection? It is so,' replied the parson; ' but it shall not be yours.' ; He then itferashed the squire ;8oundjy. 