AMUSEMENTS: v 'I'kb con^qosed refcreeentptioq of. ViTHe Meirchant of.Venice " was jjiven qt, the theatre, on Monday night with con&iderabje; success, most\of the principal characters being well-filled. • Mr.,Tavares took the character of SAyfoe# with his usual ability. ,|ihe,pat^ ispaa of his best', and avoids .the exaggerations ipfcq whicb.BQ many impersonators of the tart falii He Wah weU and picturesquely made1 up for the part. Miss Surtees was a truly charm ing Portiaj and in the trial scene was especially good. The casket Bcene was shorn of some of its proportions to the loss of Miss Surteos, and consequently of tho audience. Mr. M'Gowan made a very dignified Duke. Mr; Maeder was easy and satisfactory as Gratiano* Mr. Phillips made an exoellent Sassanioy while Mr. Naylor made a respectable Antonio, Mr. NeWton WftA a most amusing Laun&tdt.Gobboi; The otket characters wfere fairly filled. The dtesses werdi as a, rule; han'dsdme 'and appropriate, ina lilis plajr-had beal cdrteftilly prepared; Behatilayed id a rattling manner the part of an. Irish girl in the farce of " Blundering. Biddy." Biddy's blundering was of a most amusing kind^ and Bena . showed herself . an adept. ;in this kind of farce, .iff., Maeder was alid very amusing, and Mr. Vincent also made, a good deal of a moderate part.; Of the other female character in the piece not much can be said. This ovening "Hamlet" will be performed, Mr. Tavares playinglfamkf, Miss Surtees Ophelia, Laertes and Ghost, Mr. Maeder, •ud Osric, Bena. Ms. Diiayton's Benefit.—The nigger enter tainment at the School of Arts on Mondaynight, for tho benefit of Mr. J. Drayton, was patronised by a tolerably large audience—the hall, with the exception of the back seats, being well filled. The benefit was tendered by the Original Brisbane Amateur Minstrels, who were assisted by some members of the U. S. Minstrel corps* and in the performance, both amatetlra and professionals acquitted themselves admir* ably. Mi*. Drayton, though suffering from a severe cold, sang with great taste the song " I'm lonely no more," and likewiso took part in the ever-welcome glee " Spring's Delights,' which was very effectively rendered, ana was | loudly applauded. The remainder of the I musical portion of the programme was also I gone through in a highly satisfactory manner, evoking tho hearty applause of the audience. A very humorous 6tump oration, and " The | Bival Artists," and "Dramatic Agency," com prised the comic business, and caused a great deal of amusoment. Tub Boyal Illusionists. — These really wonderful entertainers will make their fixit appearance at the School of Arts, on the 14th instant. Mr. Taylor, their agent, is now in Brisbane, making preparations for their arrival. This company wits engaged by Mr. Bennett, of the Victoria Theatre, in Sydney, direct from America. Their success in Sydney,was quite unprecedented—seven orcightweoks'continuoiiA good business having rewarded their efforts. The company was. equally successful when they appeared ut the Egyptian Hall, iti London, some time back. Their. illusions aro marvel lous, and appear to utterly defy discoverer. They; perform,.all the so-called spiritualistic tricks of the,celebrated Davenport Brothers; but these only form a portion of tho entertain ment; Brishano pleasure; hunters will, .from what wo,-know, sep,something,quite novel and out. of; tho way when the Boyal .IlluBipmst«t arrive.. . ; • A' "Woni/BUfui; CoNjuuoa.—A: wonderful French magician has just arrived in New York. 'Anting his card tricks is that of holding u 'pack-!: 1 of ttir& and malring them'graduaUy'JIcssnn ill sizo as lie shuffles theiri, iintilthey are reduced toalittio'haUof papor, whioh finally'vanishes ■entirely^1'-' ;<-* V-^d.i -• 