THE MUSICAL DISCORD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir-As my letter of 17th instant has induced several gentlemen to reach there of I must ask you permission to continue the subject further, and nratMr Younger s letter claims my attention It may appear strange that I should assert my opinion in opposition to that of a gentleman of such recognised persist n and ability in musical matters, but my own personal experience of the Ton c sol-fa system is, that as a tie st course it is yen usual indeed, and, having EOire years are said ed that system, have found it of very great a source which gan to use the e tablished notation I certainly think that if the Tonic Sol-fa system has been much taught here (as Mr Younger's letter 12 ends are to believe), that that is an additional reason way there should be put an! better chorus erasers here. Next to consider " Am incurs " letter The proposal he makes topic Every performer is, I year rather an expensive experiment, and is it is well s to find fault without printing with a remedy, I will state my opinion on this subject. L t it be an understood thing that all soloists and instrumentalists receive adequate remuneration n for their services (excepting a perhaps charitable concerts), and it naturally follows that, when you have to pay for anything, b3 n what it may, you are more particular about the quality of your purchase, son this case p motors of concerts would take care to secure the best talent they could ''Amateur" asks me where are the Sydney professional singers, and, as regards male voices, echo answers where - But then it must be remembered, as "Amateur" himself says, food musicians get no encouragement to settle in Sydney. Once make a rule, or establish the custom of paying people, and that at a proper rate, and I confidently assert that the profession will not allow such a field as Sydney presents to remain unoccupied At the same time money is not everything, there must be mutual concessions and forbearance with one another it was expect to mend matters at all As regards ' Hon Secretary s " letter I am very glad to hear that I was in error in my statement regarding testing candidates for membership, and wish his society long life and prosperity, but, and here is the rub, on any one tell me how many societies there are in existence only aney J It appears to me that if these numerous bodies would combine they might accomplish B his good, but the majority of them in their present shape, are mere singing classes, and do nothing whatever to educate the public taste Of course, I do not disparage the A C Union s efforts, but there is another society-the Musical Union I hear, also beginning its career Now why could not these soo etiesjoin their forces and so start with a far better prospect of success than they possess, singly. In music, as in everything else, "union is strength." Thinking you for your kind insertion, I am, Sir, yours, c, HANDEL'S GHOST. July 19. 