THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Exeemenges of ax Eddtbtogh Detective.—No, XVII. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] McSWEENEY AND HIS GHOST. The man wlio figures in the following sketch deserved to rise in the profession; hut he didn't. No, like thousands more, he had his genius, or ingenuity, nipped in the bud at the very offset. When I say he deserved to rise I mean that his first ap pearance in the Edinburgh quarter showed a portentous quickness for making the most of a mistake and an accidental resem blance in features. The> affair caused us much amusement at the time; but it may lose a good deal of that on paper. Though the man's real name was Terence Majone, he never after, till we saw the last of him, got anything but '|McSweeny's Ghost;" and nothing could irritate or annoy my chum more than to say," I say, McSweeny, there's your ghost," As I was the primary cause of the mistake, I must begin with myself. I was coming up the High-street one dark night in October, very tired and foot sore, when I sawMcSweeney—as I thought —hurry past me at the outer edge of the pavement. I turned at once, for I had some important directions to give him for next day, and shouted out sharply— "McSweeny!" The man paused, and just as he turned to face me my hand was on his shoulder— " "Where are you going now ?" I asked. The man had the same peculiarities of dress that McSweeney prided himself so much in—was much about the same height —and had the same red hair and whiskers, the same pimply nose, and sharp twinkling eyes—and for the moment I had not the slightest doubt of his identity. "Going?" he echoed, with a strong brogue and a puzzled stare. " I'm not goin' anywhere." I started at the sound of his voice, and Jeered closer into his face through the arkness. "Are you not McSweeney?" I asked, not sure but he might be trying one of his detective tricks of disguise upon me. " Turn your face to the lignt." The man did so, and then my mistake slowly dawnedupon me. " I beg your pardon," I hastily put in, feeling a little foolish, "I thouglit you were McSweeny, the detective." "No, I'm not," he answered, "but, per haps Pm as good a man.'' "You know him, then?" I added curiously. " Ay, an' you too," he answered, gruflly, and then he turned off and I saw him no more. In the brief glance at his face I had dis covered two things—first, that his face bore the universal brand stamped by crime—the Cain's mark which enables a professional ferret to pick out his " baims under any guise; ana second, that he was a newcomer —a stranger, who had never been through our hands. But, in spite of these hastily gleaned facts, both the man and the curious circumstance rapidly faded from my mind. I certainly mentioned it to no one at the time—people seldom do when they blunder —and other matters in a day or two com pletely hid it from my remembrance. Not long after this meeting, a curious succession of odd circumstances came in my way, that not only puzzled me, but wiser neads as well. The first, I think, was in a broker's shop in the Cowgate. I dropped in one night in passing and asked for a look at his book. He looked surprised, though he placed the book in my hands and remarked— " Why, McSweeny was in just a minute ago, the boy says, and lie said there was nothing in it—nothing but the old -watch you see marked there—and he took that away with him to compare at the Office." "mat!" The word came out with an involuntary burst, and I stared at the man in a way that made him open his eyes. "Took it away with him to compare," faintly repeated the man; 'I suppose it's all right ? I wasn't quite sure of that, though of course I took care not to say so. It seemed very strange to me how McSweeny, whom I had seen start for Burnt Island on busir ness only three hours before could have got back so soon, and been in the broker's half an-hour before me. However, allowing for some slight discrepancies in time, it was }"ust possible, and no more, that he might iave managed itr; so I said nothing, and forgot all about it till two days after. It happenedthat McSweeny and I were coming down the stair at the Office together, when he, for some purpose of his own, asked the loan of my watch. I handed it over, but at the same time remembered the broker's story. "By-the-bye, what did yon do with that watch you got the other toy from Haynes in the Cowgate ?" I asked. "Watch? Haynes the broker?" he incredulously echoed. " What d'ye mean ?" " I mean the watch you took away to compare at the Office with the description the day before yesterday—the same after noon you went to Burnt Island." He stared and stared, with a curious half laughing expression, which plainly be tokened that he thought me mad. "Ah, Jamie," he said at last, with a grin, " I tould ye what all your hard work an your readin' at nights, an' your scribblin' at 'Curious Cases.' and 'Recollections,' an' so on, would bring ye to. Begorra, yer moind's touched at last. Ye'll be in an asylum soon, an, when I come out to see ye, yell be tellin' me I'm yer great grand mother, an' that my head's all bald on the top like yer own. Jamie, Jamie, take the first bus* for Morningside, and my biessin' go wid ye." " But I'm not joking at all,'' I persisted, when I had the laugh out, "I'm serious. I went in about seven o'clock, and he said you had got it about half- an-hour before." "Half-an-hour before—how could I be in the Cowgate and at Burnt Island as well?" he reasoned, a little impatiently. " If you're daft intirely ye need nt make me the same. I don't want to go to Mor ningside along wid ye. I could'nt cut my self into two, could I ?" r " No, but the broker said it wasyou." r -'/'"Well, he was wrong then; for if he saw any thing like me it must have bqen my ghost." "Your ghost?" I laughingly returned, "a red-headed ghost, with -whiskers like bunches of broom—that -would be some thing new in the ghost line—ha, ha, ha!" "Ay, laugh away," he grinned in reply, turning away down the close to leave me; "there's only one McSweeny in the detec tive line, an' ye won't see his ghost till he's dead an' berrit." "Don't be too sure of that," I banter ingjy-returned. He favored me with one of his expressive witfks. "You an' the other boys have often tried to bother me wid yer jokes;' but Jamie, ye neve? failed worse than ye did now," and with this rather equivocal re tort he was gone. Of course by this time I had laid it down in my mind that the broker, not M'Sweeny, had made the mistake, and resolved to correct it on the first opportunity. Chance, however, kept me away from that quarter for a day or two, and even in that short time the complications began to change from the comical to the serious. A morning or two after, a number of us were standing at the fmouth of the pend, when one who had been out the greater part of the night before suddenly turned to McSweeny and asked— " What were you doing in St. James's street this morning at 3 o'clock?" "Me in St. James's-street!" echoed McSweeny, opening his eyes to their widest. " Yes, you. I saw you as plainly as I do now," was the positive rejoinder, " only you seemed in a hurry to get out of the way, and took no notice of me." "Me good laddie, ye must have been dreamin'," coolly replied McSweeny. "At 3 o'clock I was in far more comfortable and respictable quarters—in my bed." '' Ah, well, keep your own secret," said the other, with a knowing wink; "I knoio that I saw you there, that's all." "Blood alive, if ye all go on like that ye'll make me belave I'm two detectives instead of one!" cried McSweeny, firing up. " I tell ye I wasn't across the dure from nine o'clock last night till half-past eight this mornin'." "Oh, yes, I believe you—every word," laughed the other in reply. "We all be lieve him, don't we ?" " Every one of us," chuckled the others in chorus; and in the end McSweeny actually walked off in disgust, unable to endure their banter and nonsense. I smiled along with the rest at what I thought only a harmless joke; but in the course of the day something occurred that put all laughing out of my head. A lady from the West-End appeared, in her own carriage, and bringing her footman with her as a witness, and enquired for the Lieutenant of Police, stating that she came to report a singular and daring jobbery that had been committed at her residence, the night before, by one of our detective staff—"an Irishman called McSweeny." As I was considered an interested party, and McSweeny happened to be absent at the moment, I was called in to listen to her story, which was as follows:— About half-past 7 o'clock the "night before her footman—a soft-headed young man, of that romantic kind who haunt the society of detectives under the im pression that they are superior beings, different from ordinary mortals—had been proceeding quietly along Maitland-street towards the residence of his employer, when he saw before him a man going in the same direction and peering sharply at the numbers of the houses, and, fancying that he recognised him as a casual acquain tance, he touched him on the shoulder. " Hullo, Mr. McSweeny—what are you doing here?" he asked, with much reve rence, taking the "detective's" hand, and shaking it warmly. The Irishman stared, but rapidly reco vering himself, said curtly— "Business." " Alx, yes—always at it I" glowingly replied the romantic young footmau— "always hunting for those desperate cri minals. What a life you must have of it. Adventure — danger—perils — ah, how I wish I was you! But you don't seem to recognise me. Do you not remember me being introduced' to you last week and having a glass of beer with you at the tavern in Bose-street?" \- "Ha! no—I had forgotten that," said McSweeny's ghost, speaking with perfect truth. "Bedad! an' I've forgotten yer name, too." Mr. Wanklyn," said the footman, to re fresh his memory. "Yis, Wanklyn — that's it," said McSweeney's ghost with awakening fer vor. " An' ye're in service about here, I s'poseP "Well—yes—I may say I am—at least there's an old lady here who has the honor of employing me," said the footman with dignity. "Ha, ha, ha! Mr. Wanklyn, that's a moighty good joke of yours," laughed the ghost, clapping him familiarly on the back. " An'what might be the number of your house, now P " This is it we are just coming to—No. ," was the eager reply. " Were yon looking for a particular number ? Remem ber, Mr. McSweeny, if I can be of any as sistance to you in your professional capacity, I shall feel honored to render it." " The very number! exclaimed the other, bringing his hands together with an ener getic slap. "And the name of your mis tress?—I beg yer pardon, I mane the lady who honors ye by payin' ye yer wages P" "Mrs. JafEray," excitedly responded the footman. " Oh, is it possible! is there a case in connection with us ?" " The same!" eagerly cried McSweeny's ghost. "The house, the number, and the lady. Well, Mr. Wanklyn, I must see your mistress. It's a case of importance, and you can put the thing more gently to her by introducing me—ye see ?" " Certainly, certainly. Oh, Mr. McSweeny, if it's not asking too much, before we go m perhaps you might tell me what is the matter ? Is it robbers—ferocious burglars, meditating a descent upon our plate P" " Yes, it's robbers—or rather one robber," returned the other, after a moment's thought. "Some one thinks to victimise ye, but we will be beforehand with him— oh, ho! I rather think we will!" and he nudged the young man in the side in face tious dabs, every one of which was thought a speciaLhonor. " To be sure we will!" was the enthu siastic rejoinder. " They little know that I, Wanklyn, the friend and companion of detectives, am in the house. In our first interview you put me up to a few thinga in the detective line—such aa sitting in a dark room and waiting till the thieves jump into your hands, and all that—and I flatter myself that I have not forgot 'em." "Ye're right, Mr. Wanklyn," impres sively put in the other, with a cunning twinkle in his eyes. "Between us two well do something that'll make people open their eye's. As a fellow detective, moight I ask ye if your house is 'well guarded ? I mane the windows, shutters, an dures." A fellow detective! The words almost took Mr. Wanklyn's breath away. He managed, however, to sober down the pleased flush on his face to a look of great gravity and importance, as he said in reply —" Mr. McSweeney, I regret to say that the fastenings are anything but satisfactory. Perhaps, after your interview with my employer, you would do us the honor of in specting them yourself ?" 1 " The very thing I mane to do—that's my business here, or part of it," emphati cally returned McSweeney's Ghost. " Ah, Mr. WanHyn, what a head ye have ! It goes right at the heart of the thing. If we'd only a few men like you on our staff, the world would very soon be astonished," and he worked the footman's hand in pump handle fashion so fervently that the other began to think he was in heaven. The world was to be astonished—by him, Wanklyn! His head rose in the air, and he let himself in at the front door with the air of a lord who had already three estates rolling at his feet. McSweeny's Ghost was shown into the library to await the appearance of the lady, and during the slight interval he took possession of a pair of gold spectacles, two ornamental silv6r cups, and a number of other articles of value that could go conveniently into his pocket. As soon as Mrs. Jaffray appeared he assumed an offhand, professional air that at once allayed her alarm. " It's nothing, ma'am," he said—"nothing to be alarmed at. I only want to go over your house and look at the shutter and dure-fastenings. It'll soon get the wind that McSweenyhas been here; and after that the thieves will trouble ye no more." As the lady had already been primed by the footman with a glowing account of "McSweeny, the detective's" fame and skill, she made no demur to the very mode rate request, and Mr. Wanklyn was at once deputed to the task of showing him over the various rooms—a task which he performed with much enthusiasm, but no great watchfulness. During the inspec tion, McSweeny's Ghost managed to get rid of him more than once on various pre texts; and by the time it was over every pocket in the Irishman's clothes must have been stuffed to overflowing. Kesisting every offer on the part of Mr. WanHyn to stay and partake of a refresh ment or to report himself once more to the lady, the clever thief got out of the house and was seen no more. No suspicion was excited that night, but next forenoon the lady's spectacles were missed from the library—a search was instituted—and then to their horror the whole daring robbery was laid bare. The result was now before us in the per sons of the lady and Mr. Wanklyn himself, who, combined, had given us these details, and now stood awaiting our decision, look ing both excited and aggrieved. I ventured no remark, though, puzzling as the various circumstances were, my thoughts were beginning to turn very de cidedly in one direction. The inspector looked grave, and touched the bell at his elbow, which was instantly answered. "Has McSweeny come in yet ?" " Yes, sir." " Send him in." "Yes, sir;" and the policeman dis appeared, and in a moment was replaced by my chum, who came in smiling and rubbing his hands, which were blue with cold. "This lady wishes to speak to you," said the Inspector, retiring behind his books without another word. McSweeney smiled Ms sweetest into tlie lady's face—it was certainly a compliment for an elderly bachelor lite him to be enquired after by a lady. " I'm glad to see ye, ma'am," lie remarked quite simply, seeing that she only stared in his face without a word. " Cold weather we've had lately ?" " He is certainly very like him," said the lady at last, addressing the Inspector. "Are there not two brothers of them on the staff ?" "No; and the faintest trace of a smile lit the Inspector's face. "No, ma'am— there is only one M'Sweeny." The compliment appeared to please M'Sweeny, for he rose at least two inches in the air. " Then it must be he," said the lady con clusively. "Of coorse it's me, ma'am; and I'm at your service," put in M'Sweeny, with a delighted bow. But he received no responsive smile; on the contrary, the lady favored him with a haughty stare that nearly froze the blood in his veins. "John," she said, turning sharply on Mi1. Wanklyn, " Is this the man ? Do you re cognise him as McSweeny—the thief ?" "Recognisehim?" echoed the footman. " Certainly I do." "McSweeny—the—the—thief?" slowly echoed McSweeny, staggering back and fixing his piercing glance on the astonished Mr. Wanklyn. "Did ye say I—I—was a thief?" "Most certainly I did; you know you are," confidently returned the footman. " Y ouknowyou re the robber. Oh, murder, murder! Help, help!" McSweeny liad sprung forward and seized the nose of Mr. Wanklyn in his iron grasp, and pulled and tugged it about in great swinging wrenches, as if it had been a lump of india-rubber. "I'm a thafe,aml!" shouted McSweeny, keeping his hold of the nose and delivering a tremendous kick on the footman's coat tails. " I'm a mane robber, am I ? Take that, ye thafe of the world—an' that! an' that! an' that!" and with every word he lacked, and tugged, and pulled, in spite of every remonstrance, till I thought the yells of the footman would have taken the roof off. As for the lady, she only dropped into the nearest chair, violently jerking her lower extremities, and giving vent to a suc cession of tiny screams—which were quite lost in the general din—preparatory to going off in a real faint. Finding words useless, I. seized Mr. Wanklyn by the shoulders and Med to drag him away; but no—sltll McSweeny stuck to the nose, and still the busy foot kept plying away at the coat-tails. "Apologise, yQ qIouWq- faced yUUnJ" breathlessly shouted McSwtseny; "say I'm not a thafe—sayat, or ye'll never have a noseto-blow again!" "You're not a thief," .faintly came,from the wriggling remains of tha starched! foot man. "SayI'm a noMe-heaJrted^Irishman, and the best detective in the world!" shouted McSweeney, his demands rising -with the occasion, and making ahotSfer dreadful tug at "Wanilyn'a nose. ^ "Noble-hearted Irishman — best detec tive that ever breathed!" screamed the footman, and then, with a contemptuous ierli, he was tossed bsickw&rds; against his horrified mistress. " There! The blood o£ the McSweenys was. up, and I don't think you'll say it again, so I forgiva yo^both," breathlessly gasped McSweeny; then, turning to the Inspector, he made Ms-lowest bow. " I beg yer^pardon, Sir," lie added, "but I was only asserting the dignity of the policp. I suppose I may go now*" "Not yet," was tie grave reply, "I am not sure, indeed, but:I may be compelled to place you under arrast. I ant sorry to-do it, considering your character and the num ber of years you have been in the force; but the public must be satisfied, and I have no doubt the matter will be very speedily cleared up." McSweeny staggered now in earnest, white to the roots of the hair, and with something like tears creeping into his1 ey6s as he fixed them leproachf ully on the In spector's face. ""What!" he groaned out, " is it possible, sir, that ycu believe I'm guilty?" "I do not," was the frauik rejoinder, which drew very decided expressions of disgust from both the lady and the crest fallen footman; "but the affair is my sterious, and—I beg your pardon, Mr. McGovan, did you wish to speak ?" I did wish to speak, but what I said, though it took some time to go over it, was all in a low tone, and addressed to the In spector's ear alone. I had remembered my mistake in the High-street with McSweeney's ghost, and that, coupled with some strange things which had come in my way not an hour before, made me positive that I had not only a clue to the whole mystery, but a good chance of recovering the stolen property as well. It took some time to make my case clear; but I( was thoroughly in earnest, and succeeded in the end. After some minutes' thought the In spector turned to our visitors. "You may now go," he said, with a polite bow; "good care will be taken that the real thief does not escape; and Mr. McGovan assures me that there is every reason to hope for the recovery of the stolen property, which is almost saying that it is in our hands." The door was promptly opened, and as the look of the Inspector allowed of no delay, the lady and her footman retired, each bestowing on McSweeny a withering glance, accompanied by a turning up of the nose that must have given them a crick in the back. I had now a great responsibility weigh ing upon me—to clear McSweeny and secure his double, as well as to save the plunder from the melting pot; and, looking at the case as I have given it, some may think the task by no means an easy one Yet, though there was always^ the possi bility of failure, I did not anticipate much trouble. I knew the appearance of the man I was in search of=—I knew in a vague way the locality he had been seen about, and better still, I knew the identical " fence" he was likely to consult in the dis posal of his newly-acquired wealth; and I believe, but for one curious circumstance, I might have had the whole—the thief, the reset, and the plunder—in the office in the space of an hour at the most. But, alas! such things are continually cropping up in cases of crime; there is no gauge,to the peed of a successful robber—no stay to his brazen impudence; with the possession of wealth his spirits—his courage—rise; he ventures a still more audacious feat as a last trick of the card, and—gets his wings clipped. While I was on the hunt, then, and every moment getting nearer to my quarry, two men were ehucMing over their Buccess in a dark •" jsen" in Hay's Close. These two were McSweeny's GhuSi—Terence Malone, and the "fence," to whom he tiau trans ferred all his valuables for a certain amount of coin—a low wretch of Glasgow celebrity, called "The Crocus." Now, Terence having made a hit, and expecting trouble to follow, had all the money in his pocket —all his luggage (his clothes) on his back —and a clear road before him for other quarters. He intended to leave the city, and might have done so, but for a brilliant suggestion of "The Crocus." " What would you say to stripping McSweeny's house before he gets home to his dinner ?" he said, in the midst of one of their merrv bursts. " It would be one of the best jokes ever heard of—tell his sister you're McSweeny's cousin, or something— strip the house—I'll fence the swag and give ye full value—and then ye can hook it away just the same. It wouldn't take ye half-an-hour." "I'll do it," said Malone, jumping at the idea in a moment. "And if that doesn't take the bounce out of them, I don't know what will. The prigs of the United King dom should join and give me a medal if I manage that," and then they laughed till the roof echoed again. Eeader, you've seen moths playing round a candle ? Well, it was just at if one moth had said to the other, " Come on, and let us have some more fun round this beautiful light." Wnether they were destined to be burnt or not, will very quickly appear. McSweeny's ghost, instead of slipping quietly out of the city, turned down by St. Mary's Wvnd; and soon reached McSweeny's stair in the Pleasance. He paused as ne reached the door, and listened intently. Though quick in decision, he was still any thing but rash, and he knew too well that time was wearing on a pace towards McSweeny's dinner hour; and he had no wish to thrust his nose into the lion's den —with the lion at home. A savory smell came wafting through, the chinks of the door that made him lick his lips involun tarily, and brought forcibly to his mind the fact that he himself had not yet dined. " I am just in time," he muttered, with a sigh of satisfaction, as he detected no sounds but those of a woman flitting to anc fro. " It'll make the joke all the better if I eat his dinner as well." He gave a bold, sounding knock, and the door was opened by McSweeny's sister. "How are ye, Honor?" he said, with an impudent grin, offering he); hjs hand, She stared in his face in amazement. "Sure, I'm well,"she answered at last. "But I don't know you ?'r "That's no wonder," he coolljr returned, taking her hand and shaking it in a patro nising way—" no wonder at all, seem' ye never set eyes on me before. Sure, I'm your cousin Terry." ' "Mycousin? Well, that's-strange,"she said, with the utmost simplicity; "I never heard of you before. Come in—come in, my brother Barney 'ill be in in twenty minutes dr so; but I never heard him spake of ye." "I've just seen him up at the office, an' he sent me here," was the unblushing reply. "He scarcely knew me either. You see, Honor, I'm come all the way from Americy, an' I want to see all my friends, an' spend some of my money among them afore I go back again." ""Well, now that I look at ye, Cousin Terry, you're as like Barney as two peas," returned Honor, with her faint doubts all gone. "I'm afraid/ though, you'll think us mane, for there's not a drop m the house to set afore ye, and there's nobody I can send." "Never mind,Honor," replied the thief, producing his puree with the air of a lord; "ye shan't spend any money on me while I'm wid ye. See, there's half-a- crown— run down yerself to that shop—that shop in the Canongate that I used to hear tell on that keeps the good whisky—and get a bottle foment Barney coming home." "The Canongate ?" wonderingly echoed Honor; " sore, that's a long way, an' he'll be in afore I get back." " Never mind that—it'll be all the better a surprise for him," hurriedly replied the impostor, in a fever of impatience to, get rid of her. " Never mind dressing—just run as you are—it won't take ye two minutes. "Two minutes!"' echoed Honor. "I don't know how ye run in Americy, Cousin Terry, but here it takes us five minutes to go down to that shop, and tho same to come back, and it's considered quick walk ing, too." "Ah, well—I've no doubt ye'll be back as soon as I want ve," said the thief, with a grin. "There, don't mind me; Til make myself comfortable till ye come," and he planted himself by the fire, in McSweeney's chair, as naturally as if he had been a fixture there for years, while she tugged on her bonnet and hurried out with the bottle under her shawl, leaving the outer door slightly ajar. The moment her flying footsteps had died away, the thief sprang up and with nimble fingers, and a swiftness and skill that could only have resulted from long practice, ransacked every corner, box, and drawer in the house. He was pretty suc cessful on the whole, and though he had at first intended to take only money and valuables, he was soon induced to chaBge his mind, and had soon made up a very decent-sized bundle. This he laid down, while he pocketed the more portable money and valuables—chuckling particularly over one prize, which he thought might prove a complete mine of wealth in future swindles, a little staff of polished ebony, surmounted with a silver crown— McSweeny's badge of authority, which he had that day by mischance left at home in the pocket of one of his waistcoats. All this accomplished, he was about to lift the bundle ana decamp, when by some unlucky chance his eye fell on the dinner in front of the'fire—a nice little bit of meat roast ing, with a batter pudding underneath. "It would be a sin to pass that," he said, dropping the bundle; and in a twinkling he nad it on the table and dished in a pri mitive way, with knife and fork and otlier accessories, which he picked up as best ho could. Not a moment had been lost; for the meat had become a mere polished bone, and half of the pudding was already gone, when, happening to take a breath and raise his eyes, ne saw in the open door a figure that made him jump to his feet as if he had been shot. McSweeny, meditating on the griefs and cares of tlie day, had softly ascended the stair, entered by the open door, and reached the kitchen, only to he staggered—com pletely taken aback—by beholding, seated at his table and devouring his dinner, a liv ing representation of himself! For a mo ment the two men stared at each other in j^-nk amazement silence, and ceytaiuly it would have pIL^led a philosopher to have decided which of the tvT? "Was the more petrified or alarmed. McSwdany's alarm and astonishment, of course, arose from the fact that he had never seen his ghost before; and the other might well look petrified on being taken so suddenly down in the zenith of his success. The impostor, though, as might be ex pected was the first to find his tongue; and his words actually, for the moment, setMcSweeny's brain reeling. " Well ?" shouted the thief, putting on a ferocious look to cover his brazen impu dence. " What the d 1 do you want in my house." "Tour house ?" faintly returned McSweeny. "It's surely not your house. I think it's my house." " Do you ? Then the quicker you change your mind the better. Out ye go—quick!" and the thief brought the end of his fork down with an imperative thump on the table to enforce his command. But it so happened that at this moment McSweeny's eye caught the disordered state of the house as well as the great bundle lying at the man's feet ready to lift, and he woke as from a dream to the real state of affairs. "Why, ye owdacious rogue—ye infernal petrifaction of a thafe!" he burst forth. "Is it possible that ye've been tryin' to rob »ie?" "Rob you?" sneered the other, with amazing coolness. "More likely you've come to rob me—get out, or] I'll take ye up. I'm McSweeny, the deteetive." " Ye're what?" cried McSweeny, staiting back. "Ye blasted, red-haired sinner! this is my house, and I mane to take you up, though I should never collar another!" and with a spring he was at him, and after a brief struggle managed to handcuff one of his wrists to his own. Then locking the door of the house, he got down to the street with his prisoner and made for the Office in double- quick time. But the impostor was not done Vet. Scarcely had they reached the head of Drummond-street, when a policeman—a new hand, and rather green—hove in,sight, and was instantly haued by McSweenpy's Ghost, wlio at the same moment produced a handcuff key from his part flw booty—aad began unlocking his liuk of the bracelets. "Here, you," he cried, sharply and authoritatively, "take this man to tho Office, while I go and look after tho plunder.'!" "McSweeny stared, utterly dumbfounded by this now move, but recovered his voica when he saw the handcuff being snapped on the wrist of the policeman.' "Stop! stop! secure this man!" ho shouted, making a grasp ofc the impostor. " He is the thief. Ye great ouhmadhoun, don't ye know me ?—I'nt McSweeny, tho detective." The policeman stared helplessly from tho one to the other, not sure which, to believe. "I've heard of McSweeny, but )l don't know him yet by sight," he said, with hesi tation, and in a moment the impostor took him up. "Ye've heard of McSweeny ?" he said# with a look of delight; " sure, that's me, and now ye'U know me again. Take that man away—I command ye in the Queen'a name!" and with a great flourish ha whipped McSweeny's little ebony staff o£ authority from his pocket and held it befora the policeman's eyes. "If ye can't believa me, ye can believe that. Refuse at yor owu peril." McSweeny's eyes opened to their widest, and his grasp relaxed as he staggered back, and his mouth opened and jerked convul sively; but not one word could he force out. The impostor smiled, and touched bis own brow significantly to the policeman with his finger as he turned away. "I see you guess the truth,"*he coolly remarked. " He is mad—mad as a Marc a haro. Take him away; but see that ho does not escape, for he is a most daring: thief." ^ At this moment—that is, just as these words were being uttered—it happened that I, having so far succeeded iu mv mis sion as to secure the reset an^he plunder, and to trace the tliief to McStfeeny s house, came sharply up Drummond-street, and in stantly sighted the crowd gathered round McSweeny and his ghost. I hustled through at once, and the moment McSweeny's eyes lighted on my face he uttered a snout of delight that might have been heard dovru at the Tron Kirk. " Jamie, Jamie!" he cried, in a despairing burst, again grabbing at the impostor, " tell me which of us is McSweeny—tell ma quick! for I begin to think I m mad, an' have forgotten who I am." McSweeny's face would have been a for tune on the stage, for it always looked most comical when he was most solemnly in earnest, and as these words fell on my eat I laughed long and heartily. Tho whola position flashed upon me at a glance; but as I had not forgotten his remarks about Morningside, I determined to have at least one dig at him in return. Pulling on K long face, I appeared to scan, the two faces long and earnestly, and then laid my hand on the arm of the impostor—and Kept it there. 11" This is McSweeny," I gravely answered, and then, in the sternest tones I could assume, I added to McSweeny, " as for you, you are a vile impostor, called Terenca Malone. I have already secured youc fence. "The Crocus'"—here the arm oflthe impostor trembled in my grasp— "the swag has all gone up to the Office and he along with it, and now I find you—you, the thief—here, mad, insane—actually be lieving that you are my chum McSweeny. I think the best thing we could do," I added, addressing the impostor, " would be to hail the first 'bus for Morningside and take him out there. What do you think ?" But the impostor did not seemtohava any thoughts on the matter. He cowered ana shrank, and altogether seemed to give it tip for a bad job, which, after a moment, McSweeny was quick enough to notice* alori" with, perhaps, a slight twinkle o£ mischief in my eye. I got a big punch ia the side from my chum's disengaged hand, as he discovered the trick, and burst into % laugh, and then I set him free, and we took the other to the Office and relieved him ol the plunder. "The Crocus" was already there, with all Mrs. Jaffray's effects but the gold rims of her spectacles, which were never re covered, and shortly after the precio1^ pau* went to prfcon for th™ years *a-pSce« The oldwatcu of tho hrnW- ~ * (if ^ t auu U QUiuh/wt, uixier stolen articles, were found amon** the plunder and duly returned to their owners. But I need scarcely add that it was years upon years till we heard the last of McSweeney and his ghost. 