THE NOVELIST. FE HAND OP ETHELBERTA: A COMEDY IK CHAPTERS.* IHBIIM Byes,' 'ree. BT THOMAS HABDY, - hnr of "Far from the Madding Crowd," "A Pair I ni«« Evefc" and "Under toe Greenwood CHAPTER XXXI. HELBEBTA'S DRESSING-BOOM ME. DON CASTLE'S HOUSE. [The dressing of Ethelberta for the dinner £ty was aa undertaking into which Picotee tew ber whole skill as tiring-woman. Her prgies were brisker that day than they had jjn at any time since the Juliana first made fcparations for departure from town, for a Iter bad come to her from Faith, telling (their arrival at the old cathedral city, |ich was found to suit their inclina bB and habits infinitely better than id on; and that she would like Picotee to it them there some day. Picotee felt, and nobably felt the writer of the letter, that ha visit would not be very practicable (now; but it was a pleasant idea, and fastening dreams upon was better than ihing. uch musings were encouraged also by lelberta's lemarks as the dressing went (We will have a change soon," she said, ye will go out of town lor a few days. It I do good in many ways. I am getting so tmed about the health of the children ; r faces are becoming so white, and thin, ? pinched, that an old acquaintance fad hardly know them: and they were so np when they came. You are looking as m as a ghost, and I daresay I am too, A Ik or two at Knollsea will set ub right." 1 Ob, how charming!" said Picotee, gladly, bllsea was a village on the coast, not very Erom Melchester, the new home of Chris per-not very far, that is to say, in the f of a sweetheart; but seeing that there , as the crow flies, a stretch of 20 miles teen the two places, and that more than \ the distance was without a railway, an fly gentleman might have considered situations somewhat remote from each why have you chosen Knollsea?'* in. Id Picotee. Because of aunt's letter from Rouen I you seen it?" 1 did not read it through." She wants us to get a copy of the registry ler baptism; and she is not absolutely kin which of the parishes in and about }llsea they were living in when she was L. Mother, being a year younger, cadnot i>f course. First I thought of writing to clergyman of each parish, but that would roublesome; and it we go down there for w days, and take some lodgings, we shall ^ble to find out all about it at leisure, bndoline and Joey can attend to mother I the _ people downstairs, especially as |er will look in every evening until he i out of town, to see if they are getting on berly. It will be such a weight off my I to slip away from acquaintances here, the same time I ought not to speak so, (they have been very kind. I wish we Id go to Rouen afterwards; aunt repeats t invitation as usuaL However, there is > enough to think of that" belberta was dressed at last, and behold |he lonely look of poor Picotee when 'to leave the room, she could not help ; a sympathetic feeling that it was bard for her sister to be denied so an enjoyment as a menial peep at & I when she herself was to sit down to it BBti you still want to go and see the pro em downstair^ you may do so," she said mtly, provided that you take care of ongue when you come in contact with ? ftdhere father's instructions ,?g you 8t»y. It may be in pghest degree unwise; but never en Ethelberta departed for the scene of Di just at the hour of the sun's lowest .ne, when it was fading awav vellow and when upper windows p north-west reflected dissolving views Etniy. cloud with brazen eueL the the e»mo being hidden Might by soiled walls and slatysloijea pre8ence Stud «r. Neigh?" Hot yet; he's coming," gord Mountdere?" h6Sk^h^e«?benrdlyLearl7 510 minutes K®* "? Mi* D. could W get on her bracelets and tMn«. ^ 'J scramble down stairs and receive t and he's as nervous a bn K^In »?(?'Ufcfii?ear'an<* don't min/'me." i JS*# father- And let Picotee see me isverySx^^ jf among whom for the present we lose uiwhile the evening outside the house [aadthftf6^' iBftke her comfort m, «? pas %}&?» *"«ss int aow i itls no nse lor s to him." JBS$SFSK d to he 'Tht&udcf; Kth«l» 111 t>t republli doTO^naMri^fnf'K pleasare of looking black, some white. at^OTKS? some smooth and «>.i° ^,7 nP,I)ln' b^SSS6 dte! bwaMngoff in the^iisfc j moments when she softly exclaim^'ThifZ tZPAF"" *»«?&£»£ "Who r said Mm. Menlove. Piootee recollected herself And i,a.»ti. drew m her impulses. " My dimrW.£ she said blandly. '«That is sha L^wv castle's arm. And look, who i« «,¥/> on" StaT the ^Iderly lBdytahelptofte -2? through the dinner, and after that ^.P1 In devote himself to MraljPethenriAvLr® 7Ul mis tie 80.' He keeps lookiiic%m«L v" now, and no doubt thinks it a nuiSSS tw she is not with him. WeU, stay here. Come a little farther w?i/1? them." Menlove begau to Wd th"^&Jlow; stain, but Piootee held Set Way down" « W°tt\they.see us ?" she said. to the daughter of her iesDeci»i?Sii!j!i tetog accidentally seen in the haU. ^ man They descended to the bottom and the halL "Oh. there's fX7i»i- 11? Pwotee, with childlike gladness, as ChES became visible to her by the dwr Tha wffi sasftze? a rS£ - taM*» see Jsou We in«rt to froperly r ®° ' Yo,i"yriU have a chance of K*- Yb6nthedoortanic®lyopenycnican look in for a moment I must leave vM n«» E ® ®w minutes, but I will come again." departed, and Picotee stood wait, ujg. She wondered how Ethel bart^ s^-sl^s&sse4; ISSJ a^cleo?farStaM^w£?p^^;jg 1"S5S$ iA.ag.r:i: «« nchness. It was, indeed, a noticeable SSSS^Ji^aftte Jeagate/iritti uSTm if the'mKe "m* a®5WaBrasft?tt« ?£S\£gher u? ** Hootee's eyS 5,d thoughte were fixed. In the great mirror e le^8® she could see re fleeted the upper part of the dining-room." to her *hat «he might see Ethelbertam the same way by standing on a ^I' wh»ch, quick as thought, she did. To Picotee's dazed young vision her be&ufci; M sister appeared u SS Eu glorious pleasure-parliament of both sexM. surrounded by whole regiments of canrilpn hSSo fl oompMuona were seated before a fi»8 being concentrated wither upon the uninteresting mmyin ol the had and upon eadh^ other, than on the beautiful natural objects growing in the tnMJi. M jt 2EA&^ buzz of conver SftilnJ 1H?* V0lce ooald occa . t» hend, and her young sister could we JBiat hjpr eyes were bright* and her face beaming, as if divers spcialirants and loom? afiSiay42, & S^ai ' The dashing widow looks very well, does K mS Lr 3 P?*8011 ** Pico tee's elbow. L conductor, whom Picotee had J"*' do some damage you J?" **.'. J*0* ^ H.' R kng ^me-I mean rather a short tune, stammered Picotee. love.-T.ai continued Meu ""Ji .1 was her maid once, or rather her mwfirSS ^ bag before h« S? I v\ 1 ®*d 004 ^ any means find f yon seem to thinir her when I had to do with her at dam oiuHnra £.p.»fel flirt-4wt«l. Do"«"U fflS J'1 don't know." «"»? ?ou do?'fc ye' Jon will know. Bat ral? i^n«nn®^,<>or Pwoh-the dining open tfto-and I will snow yon aboat the rooms upst&its.; This is a larger house than Mrs. PefterwS'iL asvou win fi* COm® ^ look at «»e Srawing. W nd of Menlove, yet mating to offend her, Piootee followed on. WM almost over by this timet Swim ' .n^fed the front drawing and jffiasscfis?« i£2r£Bl&;~ Never mind, tiien, you look on." Away then ran the h<wt»nnii^ «?><» mm,. tL^nsmmrn pother w^ew. Mrifl m .t! th tfie ej; began »uu»Migg«it _.T her, to the time <rf taatingmeasore r Whhsh fuhloa bom conateM to qoAons, And m»lda and valets dwoe behind the *o«iiea Piootee, who had been accustomed to uo>; celled oountay cottages all her life, wheiein | the scamper of a mouse is heard distinoUv ^ from floor to fleoit wtdaimed, in a terrifiea; whisper at viewina all this, "Theyll.hear yOT nndemeat^ ttiey'U hear y<m, and we ?ball all be ruined 1" "Not. at all," oame from the oautioua danoexs. "aiiipe itteaomaof the beat tailt houaes In Londou-doahle flooat filted ia with material tint wfll rdeadensnyxow you like to make, and we makenonft. Bot oeihe ai^have atamyouneU, .lBaf Ch|d(exiin i Tlw joong wieUnaoUM^ tfoiL into ft MBtti! fWS^i ^ WiSBWfc feathers, like a pallet trying to appear a hen. " How dare you touch me!" ahe said, with rounded eyes. "I'll tell somebody down stairs of you, who'll soon see about it." .What a baby. Shell tell her father." . No, I shan't; somebody you are all afraid of, that s who 111 telL" " Nonsense," said Menlove; " he meant no harm." Playtime was now getting short and further antics being dangerous on tnat ac count, the performers retired again down, stairs, Piootee of necessity following. Her nerves were screwed np to the highest pitch of uneasiness by the grotesque habits of these men and maids, who resembled nothing so much as pixies, elves, or gnomes, peeping up upon human beings from their shady haunts underground, sometimes for good, sometimes for ill-sometimes doing heavy work, sometimes none; teasing and worrying with impish laughter half suppressed, ana vanishing directly mortal eyes were bent on tbem. Separate and distinct from overt existence under the sun, this life could hardly be without its distinctive pleasures, all of .them being more or less pervaded by thrills or titillations from games of hazard, and the perpetual risk of sensational sur prises. Long before this time Pico tee had begun to be anxious to get home again, but Men love seemed particularly to desire her com pany, and pressed her to sit awhile, telling her young friend, by way of entertainment, of various extraordinary love adventures in which she had figured as heroine when travelling on the continent These storied had one and all a remarkable likeness in a certain point-Meplove was always unwilling to love the adorer, and the adorer was always unwilling to live afterwards on account of it " Ha-ha-ha !" in men's voices was heard from the distant diningroom as the two women went on talking. "Andthen," continued Menlove, "there was that duel I was the cause of between the courier and the French valet Dear me, what a trouble that was; yet I could do nothing to prevent it Ttais courier was a very handsome man-they are handsome sometimes." "Yes, they are. My aunt married one." " Did she ? Where do they live ?" " They keep an hotel at Rouen," murmured Picotee, in aoubt whether this should have been told or not " Well, lie used to follow me to the English Church every Sunday regularly, and I was so determined not to give my hand where my heart could never be, that I slipped out at the other door while he stood expecting me by the one I entered. Here I met M. Pierre, when, as ill .luck would have it the other came round the corner, and seeing me talking to the valet, he challenged him at once." " Ha-ha-ha!" was heard again afar. " Did they fight ?" said Picotee. " Yes; I believe they did. We left Nice the next day, but I heard some time after of a duel dot many miles off, and although I could not get hold of the names, I make no doubt it was between those two gentlemen. I never knew which of them fell; poor fellow, whichever it, was." " Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !" came from the dining-room. "Whatever are those boozy men laughing at I wonder t" said Menlove. " They are always so noisy when the ladies have gone upstairs.. Upon my soul, I'll run up and find out" "No, no, don't," entreated Picotee, putting her hand on her entertainer's arm. " It seems wrong; it is no concern of ours." " Wrong be hanged-anything on an im pulse," said Mrs. Menlove, skipping across the room and out of the door, which stood open, as did others in the house, the even ing being sultry and oppressive. Picotee waited in her seat until it occurred to her that she could escape the lady's maid by going off into her father's pantry in her absence. But before this had been put into effect Menlove appeared again. " Such fun as they are having up there," she said. "Somebody asked Mr. Neigh to tell a story which he had told at some pre vious time, but he was very Reluctant to do bo, and pretended he could sot recollect it. Well, then, the other man-Econtd not dis tinguish him by his voice-began telling it, to prompt Mr. Neigh's memory; and, as far as I could understand, it was about some lady who thought Mr. Neigh was in love with her, and, to find whether he was worth accepting or not she went with her maid at night to see his estate, and wandered about and got lost and was frightened, and I don't know what besides. Then Mr. Neigh laughed, too, and said he likedjsuch common sense in a woman. No names were men tioned, but I fancy, from the awkwardness of Mr. Neigh at being compelled to tell it that the lady is one of those in the dr&wingroom.; I should like to know which it was." " I know-have heard something about it" s*id Picotee. blushing with anger. "It was nothing at all like that. I wonder Mr. Neigh had the audacity ever to talk of the matter, and to misrepresent it so greatly." "Teu all about it ao," said Menlove. "0 no, "said Picotee. "I promised not to say a word." The flighty Menlove pressed, her to tell, but finding this useless, the sfebject was changed. Presently her father came in, and, taking no nobce of Menlove told his daughter that she bad been called for. Picotee very readily put on her. things, and on going outride found Joey, awaiting her. Mr. Chfckerel followed closely, with sharp glanoes from the ootner ofhis eye, and it was plain from Joey's nervous manner of linger ing in the shadows of the^dowway instead of entering the house, that the butler had in some way set mmself to prevent all oom munion between the fair tiring-woman and hit son for that evening at lease. He watched Piootee wad her brother offthe premises, and the pair went on their way towards Connaught-creBoent, very Jew words passing between them... Pipoteos thoughts iiadturned to t^ gTOpopaft visit to Kn'ollgea, 