LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE OP THE PROTESTANT HALL AT QUEANRFVAT On Easter Monday the memorial stone of the Protestant Hall, Queanbeyan, was laid, and a very large concourse of persons (variously esti mated at from five hundred to seven hundred) assembled for that purpose, and the proceedings passed off in the most satisfactory manner. Shortly after one o'clock a large number of the inhabitants united with the members of the local Orange Lodge and formed an imposing pro cession, which started from the Church of England schoolroom. Opposite St. Gregory's Church the procession met and recognized Mr R. M'Coy, W.G.M. of the Loyal Orange Insti tution of New South Wales, whom they honoured with several rounds of vigorous cheers. Prom the east end of Macquoin-strcet, near Mr. C. Scott's inn, they retraced their steps to the intersection of Crawford and Monaro-streets, where they drew up at the site of the hall, and gave three hearty cheers. Mr. J. B. Thompson, W.M. of the Loyal Orange Lodge in Queanbeyan, intimated that the proceedings would commence by singing tho hymn beginning " Stand up, stand up for J esus !" which had been distributed amongst the " people forming the assemblage, the band leading - the music, the words being given out by tho Rev. A. D. Soares. The Rev. T. R. McMichael then offered an appropriate prayer. After which, The Rev. A. D. Soares read tho 55th chapter of Isaiah. At the close of the lesson, Mr- J. J. Wright, M.C., at tho request of the W.M., addressing Mr. M'Coy, said he had the pleasure to offer for his acceptance and -uso the mallet and trowel wherewith to lay tho founda tion stone of the Queanbeyan Protestant Hall, which he trusted would stand as a memorial of their faith when those present had passed jiwav. l Mi. McCoy accepted the implements, the mallet being of beautiful turned myall, and the trowel of silver with ivory handle. The latter bore the following inscription : — "Presented by the Building Committee, to Richard McCoy, Esq., on the occasion of his laying the Foundation Stone of the Queanbeyan Protestant Hall, on the 17th April, 1876." Mr. Thompson then read a copy of the docu ment about to be deposited beneath the stone along with copies of the latest issues of the Protestant Standard and the Queanbeyan Age, at the same time expressing his regret that tho Committee could not procure a late copy of the Australian Churchman to accompany the other papers. The docum mt read as follows — " This Foundation or Memorial Stone of tho Queanbeyan Protestant Hall was laid by Richard Eoy' E,sq'' on the 17th day of April, a.d. 18/6, in the 39th year of the reign of her most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Sir Hercules George Robert Robinson, K.C.M.G., being Governor of the colony of New South Wales, Sir Alfred Stephen, K.C.M.G., C.B. Lieutenant- Governor. Lieut-Col. Russell, P.M. of Quean- L®ya?- Eiohar4 M|Coy, Esq., Grand Master of the Jj. 0. Institution, Robert Vesseys. Esq., President of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australasia. The Rt. Rev. Mesac Thomas, Lord Bishop of Gqulburn, Rev. A. D. Soaree, Incumbent of Christ Church, Quean beyan. "Rev. P. G. Smith, M. A., Iucuuibcnt of St. John's Church, Canberra, lvev. G. L. Nairn, Presbyterian Minister. Rev. T. 11. M'Miehael, Wesloyan Minister. Building Committee of the Queanbeyan Protestant Hall : Messrs. J. Beatty, T. Buttle, D. Cameron, J. Ford, G. Gifford, jun., T. Hineksmau, Bev. T. 11. M'Miehael, A. M'lntosh, P. Naylor, C. Scott, S. Southwell, jun., W. Shollani, J. B. Thompson, J. Wavk, sen., and It. Pollock. Officers of L.O.L. No. 90 : J. B. Thompson, W.M. ; S. Southwell, jun., D.M. ; Ilev. T. It. M'Miehael, Chaplain; A. M'lntosh and W. Shellard, Joint Secretaries ; John Beatty, Treasurer; Peter Naylor, Foreman of Committees. Dated at Queanbeyan, on the 17th April, 187G." The Worshipful Grand Master was then con ducted by two members of the building com mittee to the stone, which being raised by block and tackling was gently lowered and ad justed in its place, Mr. M'Coy having first made use of the trowel by slightly spreading the mortar therewith, while with thu mallet, ho gently tapped the four corners of the stoiie. This. done ho said, " I declare this- foundation or memorial stone of tho Protestant Hall of Queanbeyan well and truly laid, iji the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' . Amen. ' .Tlio British Enakm was at that nrecisf! mo- ment. hoisted on a flagstaff and was waved - by. the breeze over the stono, which bore the follow ing inscription ; Laid by , . r v. L Richard M'Coy, Esq., ' - s 17th April, 1876. Loud and prolonged cheering followed. As soon as silence was obtained, Mr\ E. M'Coy spoke as follows If thero 'is one thing more than another of which every true British subject should be justly proud, it is this, that in no other country is so much pro tection allowed or guaranteed to every ' class, < that tho prevailing spirit of our constitution is justice , to all, it matters not of what grade or station. jA.s thinking men and ' holdiug these views wo very naturally ask, what' is it that -lias made our country to differ from so many othora ? We say i- at once while other nations: have ' been endeavouring to find out -by man's device, the bestrmeans of aggrandisement for i thein selves England has taken a wiser course—by her- God has' ibeemlicknowledgcd, and sho has; A3 a nation, ; realised the fulfilment of tho' -promise/ " They j that honour ine I will honour." Our gracious i jQueen; (long may she reighn): when asked by a foreign potentate who had viintcd mauy parts of :her,'dominions and who was very' forcibly struck,1 with the glory that shone resplendent every- i where, and the happiness, contentment, and! pleasure that prevailed throughout her cottages and homes, -' What is it that has made your Ma jesty's dominions what they are, and what has made: England so glorious above all the other empires of the world ?" Queen Victoria, good, noble Christian woman that sho is, took up a copy of God's Word, our English Bible, and presenting it to him said, " This is the secret of England's greatness and England's glory." We1 > say tlio connection is this, that England is a Protestant nation, and we have no hesitation in saying that so long, and only so long, as she maintains her reputation for. being truly and evangelically Protestant, will hc-r . sun Bhine with such resplendence that other nations will be glad to borrow their light from her, and: it behoves us here to-day in this remote portion of ' tho British empire if wo would" follow in the footsteps of our fatherland; to ponder well what it is to which we owe all our privileges; Land aU our freedom,. we; are .satisfied ourselves, 'that . we , owe our liberty .and our meeting here to-day without fear of molestation to this one factj- that weilivo.iu a country where the. British flag . waves over our heads ;. and we 'argue from the \- signs of , the times . that; it is -incumbent on the Protestants to bo. united in one .holy - bond of brotherhood, - . determined , at ' all: - hazards to .-support -.'-..tho '.' Queen, t .hen crown, < and- >. the British- constitution,;" , and - this is . rendered more binding upon us from the:, fact that -we believe, that there exists in our midst the germ of a. system, which is growing more apparent . . . every, day as having for its , . obj ect tho ultimate , overthrow, of tho British -. Crown ; and : as ; we . have , a , large, , section of, our - community, -who ..openly profess that . they, owe; their- allegiance, ..first,. to, a foreign potentate,- or ; as Archbishop Vaughan puts it, who say, CatholicB ,firat and .. Englishmen afterwards. We are not here to day to say one word that would , bo offensive 'to members of the Papal Church, but wo cannot close our eyes to tho facts which stare us in the face, and'as we love our country,- and value our privileges and our freedom :for, which oui'fathers . spilt their blood, wo must be prepared , to protest against. that. which we believe, to, be a system 'of : .error and superstition, a .-system- /the-, carrying out of which has done so', much, to 'lay. many mighty, nations in the dust. ;.. We are met here to-day as Protestants, bat some one may ask what , we mean by that term, ,aud:wliat as it' against which ' wo . protest ? Our reply < is first, . ..that the Clhirch of . Rome Reaches ' that ,slie is the only true Church,-, and that outside- of her pale there is no salvation ! , Now against this we protest; ' Then ' again,' the 'Church' of liomo' teaches that her head the Pope, a poor sinner- like ourselves, is infallible, and is in fact the . Vicar of; Christ' upon ; earth, and that whoso sins ho or ; his /agents1 rernit, they are remitted, and whose sinsthey retain, they are retained, and againstthis we protest ; because the Bibleteaches that God will not uive his alorv to aiiothbr and : that mono has power oh earth to forgive sin save God alone. Again tho Church of Rome teaches 1 that we must pray to saints and angels that ; thoy may intercede with God on our behalf in order to our receiving the forgiveness of our sins, and against that wo protest, because the : Bible teaces plainly " there is but one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus," and it teaches further that "thore is no other name given among men by which they can bo saved but the name of Christ." " Again the Church of Rome teaches that we should worship images ot wood and stone, and paint and canvas, , made by the hands of man, and against this we most solemnly protest because God says " thoii' shalt not make to thyself any graven image or any likeness of anything that is in the heaven above or that is on the earth below or that is in the water undor the earth, thou shalt not bow down thyself to them nor servo them, because I am the Lord thy God, and thou shalt have no God beside me." Again _ tho Church of Rome teaches that there is a state called purgatory, to which _ all our souls must go after leaving this world, in order that they may suffer an amount oE tortures as will purge them from their sins and fit them for tho enjoyment of heaven, and that_ tho period for which souls must rcmaiu in this stato de pends entiroly upon the number of prayers and masses, &c.;, that shall be offered up for them by the faithful, (which generally means tho amount of money paid into tho coffers of tho church). Now against this wo protest, becauso the Bible teaches, that;as death loaves us, tho judgment will find us, and also that " the blood of Jesus Christ God's Son cleanseth us from all sin." Wo might go on for hours and multiply reasons from the Bible for our protesting, but as our time and your patience are both limited, these views must for the present suffice. And we here remark that the1 Church of Rome has always laboured to keep her votaries in ignor ance" and blindness by (superstition, and that when she has had tho power in all ages she has shown herself to be intolerant, and by tho uso of the rack and tho stake she would crush out of existence all who ; would not submit to her touching, and bow1 down at her shrine, so that she might bo i ll in all:1 Inthenamoof all that is dear -to us in earth, and in viow of the dis- jaster'.that -would befall us as a community if I ever this base system should become the ruling power in' the land, we protest. I congratulate you my friends on our meeting to day. It will, I am sure, go far to prove tho fallacy of the statement so often made by Roman Catholics 'that we Protestants are not united in anything, that our time is spent in quarrelling with each other, and that wo are comparatively weak be cause of our dissensions ; but our meeting here to-day proves that whil wo may differ on some points in theology and in church discipline and government, yet that in matters affecting our common Protestantism we can 1 e united, or in other words that in things essential we have unity. We are not met to-day to do something that will redound to the praiso and glory of any one section1 'of tho : Christian Church, not as Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Congregationalists Baptists, or 'Wesleyans, biit as Protestants, lending heart and hand and pocket to help for ward this noble and praiseworthy enterprise, ahd'so raising a monument to our memory of which. ; oiir cliildren and children's children will have good cause to : be : proud. I cannot how- over. hide from1 i mj' myself the fact,' nor do I wish: to hide it from -you, that I am ltere to-day partly on account of the high official position -which I- have the honour, however unworthily, to occupy in -connection with the largest and most influential of our- Protestant institutions — one which is composed in this colony of many thousands of good men and true, \vho aro loyal to their Queen and country. I mean of course my being , Worshipful Grand Master of tho Orange Institution of New South Wales ; and on account of my position I-will bo expected to say something, if only a few words, with reference to this -noble organisation. I would remark that : there has never been any body of men who have inore shamefully . traduced and maligned than -the members of this organisation, but this doe3 not give us -very much uneasiness or put us very much about. Wo expect it in fact from certain quarters; for we know that some people never 'allow, any opportunity to pass of speaking ill of us,: audi for .this, reason, that they, fear and !dreadi our:;pqwer, and wo will never court the -smiles of such persons, for if they would speak well of us wo would begin to: thj'nk that there \- must'-be : something wrong with us; ; and that we were on vtho:4 wrong 'tack, but not withstanding all the ; opposition,1 Our glori ous cause Lis - advancing, and every, day wo .-are adding to our numbers. Wo havo'1 now about one hundred: and thirty -lodges, number ing their' members |by thousands; -and". including in; their. ranks men ...of every ' grade and -rank in . society and' representing. all- sections of; our Pro- 'tostant community; and if time would1 pormit I could -name froffi memory fifty clergymon of different /.denominations , who have;, satisfied1 -.themselves .that .our cause is a right., one aud rhave- entered .themselves under the banner of . truth ; . and: I am sure that although what I have' just stated is a fact, yet Orangeism is only . in. its infancy - in New South Wales, and: its. -principles only just beginning to be understood ; and that the time- is not : very far distant, -when the terms . Christian, Protestant, andiOrange- ; man, will, he synonymous and this will not be brought i about because that men -will 1 haye'.-.to : obey tho dictates of any ecclesiastical superiors, But. because, as ;Prbtestaiits "men are free to act and judge for themselves ; and after examining our.r.constitutioh: (which, I invito you, aU to do) they- will:be, satisfied . that our ! causo : is a- good ; one; . and.: that the Orange: Institute is a -real ' \- necessity, al special; remedy fona'special ovift-y I' must Jjusti say in conclusion that quritimeiupon ,eai:th,is at best. but short, and we should do all .'.that we, can to advanoo the 'Cause of right. -Dare to -he' right, daro to ho true, : ' - -ybu each have a work that no other can do - Do' it so bravely, so kindly, so well, - Angels will hasten the story to tell. , Dare'.to do right; dare to bo-true, Other men's failings ar-e nothing to you ; - , Stand by your, conscience,- . your - honour, -your - faith ; ' Stand like a hero'and'-battie''tUl!death.'.;.'r"'- Dare to do right,' dare to bo trno, ' Keep tho great - j udgment seat 'ever in viow ; Look at your work- as you'll look at.it then— ; Scanned by Jehovah,- and angels, and men. v c . Dare to-do right,- dare to-be true1: ' Jesus our Saviour will carry -you thx-ough : ' City,- and mansion;' and thrones all in-'sight- ; Can you not dare1 to -bo true and do': right?--' At the close of his remarks Mr. M'Coy was heartily cheered; Another hymn was then sung, beginning " Standing by a purpose true." Mr. Thompson then introduced the Rev. Dr; Gilchrist, of Sydney, whom he designated one of the most dauntless and eloquent advocates of the Protestant cause. . Dr. Gilchrist spoke substantially as follows : —He bad to congratulate the Protestants and residents generally of Queanbeyan on tho auspi- ciouB occasion which had called them togother. It had been said that there was no need of this movement ; but no one who was acquainted with history could doubt the expediency of an earnest and combined opposition against tyranny imposture, superstition, and error. It had boon said that the objectionable features of the Church of Rome wero matters of history, and that she now possessed a different organisation from that which once characterised her. But those who so expressed themselves spoke with out the book, spoke indeed in ignorance of tho facts of tho easo. The only difference was that the Church of Rome had not tho power to do as sho did of old. Her present policy was to pro fess charity and toleration, but in fact remaiuing as she was in the twelfth and thirteenth centu ries, when her powe was at tho highest. If any were disposed to question what he raid, ho would point to tho last authoritative declaration of that church, which removed all doubt on tho subject. A careful collation of the opinions of the dignitaries of Romanism showed that it was hold by them that tho Church of Romo was not in agreement with modern civilisation ;' and tho' niglxost autnoricy oi tnas cnurcu nas ciecicieci that ho who either declares it advisable or. pos sible for tho Church of Romo to lie brought into agreement with tho principles of modem , civili sation is in damnable orror. : No: Iqn'geiv'liack'' than in 1864 the Papacy asserted1 :its rightLtb depose kings and princes ; and as a proof of the hollo wnoss of its profcsacd charity, it had re fused to Protestants in Roman Catholic coun tries the same civil aud roligious rights as enjoyed by Roman Catholics themselves.' Even Protes- taut immigrants to Roman Catholic countries were forbidden to exercise thoir religious obser vances there. There was rio toleration in the presonce of Roman Catholic Powers. It was not right thorofore to judge of them by their words but by facts such as these. Where oppor tunity, the pretensions of Popery wero put into execution. In Rome, for example, no other than Roman Catholic worship was tolerated, and only a short time ago tho Presbyterian congrega tion there wore compelled to go out of tlio city to observe their ordinances of religion. Tho decisions of tho spiritual courts of tho Romish Church \vere required to be carried out under penalty of excommunication in tliiB world and eternal perdition in the world to come. And; this being so, let any man 1 ell them. if he dare,: that tlie Church of Rome is different from what it was formerly. In tho GScumenical Council of 1870 the doctiino of Papal infallibility 1 was formulated,1 and the Church was bound to re ceive that dogma under penalty of excommuni cation and eternal punishment ; and it had booh absurdly asserted that this doctrine had always been the doctrine of the Church of Rome. The rev. gentleman, after giving several instances of the disloyalty of the Church added that in his reply to Mr. Gladstone's letters, Dr. Newman himself had, said that no pledge given by Roman Catholics could be of validity unless sanctioned by the Papal authorities ; hence no confidence was to be placed in the pledges of Romish dignitaries. When, thereforo, men like Arch bishop Vaughan spoke of the charity and sincority of the Roman Catholic religion, it was necessary that Protestants should receive those professions with reserve. Protestants indeed regarded the Romish Church as founded in imposture ; and he (Dr. Gilchrist) in support of that assertion referred to the hundred decrees which in tho earliest ages of the Churoli's history wore established for the purpose of supporting tho Pope of Romo in his arrogant claims. On these decrees aud net on the Word of God was the Papacy founded ; and by them they made void tho Word of God. Protestants sought the right to read God's Word in their own tongue, as rational and responsible men. Referring to the ceremony' they were met to celebrate, ho said he trusted this movement would be carried on to a successful issue ; and that in that hall the Protestants of this little town would meet to holp one another to oppose the common foe ; but ho wished no better good to happen to the Roman Catholic laity than to be freed from tho thraldom of the Papacy. Tho time would come when men would see eye to eye. ' That time, he believed, was not far distant. Protestants thereforo of all denomiua- jtions (whose differences were small indeed) should unite to maintain their principles and exhibit them in their walk and conversation. ' Mr. J. B. Thompson then invited those pre sent who would seem disposed, to lay on the . stone their contributions to the building fund,' announcing that Mr. Thomas Rutledge,v of Carwoola, had sent in, for that purpose;' his - /cheque for £25. (Applause.) : . - ' Several persons having deposited their 'dona- 'tibnsj' th'e amount was counted- and- announced; to be somewhere over £40. ; t ;/J rl: :The/;probeedings 'at the building site were brought to a close by1 singing the National1 Anthem. ;''"- The customary cheers for the Queen followed, as well as cheers for Dr. Gilchrist; !Mr.' M'Coy, and Mr. J. J. Wright. ; About five o'clock in the evening preparations were ready for, tea, after ;which a public meeting ; was held in the school-room, which was Literally crowded. The chair was taken by J. J| Wright, Esq., M.P., but as wo do not wish to .curtail the admirable speech ofthoW.M. Bro. Thompson, we are compelled to hold the report , over until next; issue. 