HISTORY OF QUEENSLAND BY WILLIAM COOTE. [Author's Rights Reserved] BOOK II - AFTER SEPARATION CHAPTER II 1860 - 1863 FROM SIR GEORGE BOWEN'S ARRIVAL TO THE DISSOLUTION OF THE FIRST PARLIAMENT OF QUEENSLAND. (Continued) Jte RoVonub and. Audit; Aots,, with many: Wholefipmo provisions^. emhodied -Eomp r inoon sifltencics'which in. tiiho developed a. tendency to neutralise its beneficial portions.1 It' directed* that..all.,moneys receivedi on* account of thn general revenue; Bhoiild bo! paid into iho Gov timnept bankets, and should, be drawn tliero fronr.Only upon certificate by tho Aiiditor Gtottl-aL appointed Under the Act, that .the sums .to jbs drawn'for-, were legally available," Diuus .wiua uonu ra . nra tegauy avauaoie, that'oqvtificatebeing further subjeet to approval; and-jtho draft, authorised* by the Govornor. Thq,:gysiom thus legalised was'supposed to Bceuro tho dae appropriation of moneys voted by 1'arliament to the: purposes • for which they had. bceh,so voted ; but one clause—the 20th—: whijdi;.mnde it >" lawful :for tho Governor in Council,tp order that there shall; he applied in aidjof apy .item that'may be deficient a further' . limited BUm pnt.of any sin plus arising in other items .Under, the 5 same Hiibdivisitn," was after wams,,sppiied ,m ..a : very' singular manner. Mirers-ofinspection1 andi check were giVenqfothetAuditor-Goneral, who was to be rehfflY$ip..o.nly on.» vote*of both1 Houses; but a neutralising iProvisionuwai* inserted,' which vested Withe ministryrof the day an author rife.tptidly,opposed to tho whole spirit of the BiU> *as,at gaye to. the .Governor in Council the ngK-tfl ".exempt from detailed audit, hut not ^or?! i^appropriation audit;; • the • accbuhls " of premijVf: duties, constitution, or'circumstances' « Wdh Pray, under Buch: exemption, he bxpe' diept.''; yljhave. no hesitation'' in* saving'that "appropriation, audit ".and "detailed audit!' hayp.-.heiii i sometimes taken as convertible terms,' whfai,the erigsneioBuf a not very nicely reg^tedie^pendituteUrcndcircd the confusion nf tho ,-tivo desirable. Tho main prin ciple of thB,Aot,has.hee'n:.ohjectdd to/inUsmtt'ch as it1 cOn^&tfldjai.eystBn;/bf audit before pay ln'effi> ,;whiOh,;was .'.unnecessarily extended in' l)kaayoe,,so aa.to .compel .ilio phbUc creditor to Bi_gn,.r^, acknowledgment that ho had received hispa'pneyy wheniiin.>faot, a Considerable period might, elapse before ipayment was made.: But this,yasby-no.means a necessary consequence oi fhe.Aot,,and cunld have been easily avoided. Some; of ite: provisions * were;1 in tbo language of ..the....present - Auditor-General,* " never acted,*,upon ;'.V:in; other words," were bys tematically .disobeyed; 1 mid the spirit ' of' the prinatflliclAhse relating tO'disburtChients was toly.if eveicicarri?d: bid;.' The Governor in OouncH, jf ho. thought there was occasion for dibpenemg with the signature of tho Auditor General in authorising, expenditure could do so, imd.at.various: times did.* Tho 'Act rias, iii 'great meptsbre A :_trariscript i from tho legislation of othpr colonies,* andwas very negligently drawn,' and .bonce somo of tho difficulties and incon sistencies .which arose, as-well a3 a complexity urfd- beduniiaucy of accounts; which a careful attention: tO;i detail' * in1 tho original drafting' Vpllld haTOcproventedii'. Tho Act itself was repealed in *1874* by-orio whose substitution does not seem likely to: tend in all respects to the publici adyantago; but as tho: first one was frequently referred to in the Parliamentary arid public discussions of the times,- this reference to it.cpuld.hardly have been omitted. The,Savings Bank Bill- amply extended the advantages of -the»Act—under' which that in * Brisbane, had, been established—to any town havgng.not- less than'flvo hundred inhabitants, an4, hnYing been; superseded by subsequent legislation, .requires no further reference. The Streets .Closing Actlwas a mere authorisation \- of ; the, routine .required in' the closing of intondod thoroughfares in'towns wlijch -had been, found unnecessary or unavailable: , Tho Supremo Corirt Amendment Act was tho bill.,of:, tho.: proceeding session""with some enforced and Some voluntary alterations." Tbo' salaryjand'ponsibn of the sole judge was con firmed to him, bnt his churn totho Chief Justice! * ship:in,,the event of more judges having boon appointed was not recognised, and tho salaries of future judges wero fixo-1 at £1,200 per annum.-.;Against this latter enactment • Mr. Justice Lutwyche protested and petitioned in rah}.. :.i,Another clause was inserted in the new billrby which on'attorriey of thi-eoyears' stand ingfu tho colony, who Bhould pass tho exnmi nation.in .classics'- or- mathematics, proscribed for persons seeking admission to tho' Bar, or having, a-cortificato of honour or other acade mical, distinction in -classicsj • mathematics, or law from any university or college within tho British dominions might, upon motion in open Gourt, bo called and admitted a- barrister, at law. On such admission he, was. to , cease praflisingias an attorney,-but if ho found that be bad mistaken his vocation, or overestimated tho profits derivable from it, relief from. disap pointment was afforded hini.by lcavo to resume his old caUing,"dirneing disbarred at his own request,,-ou-motion in open Court,, his con duct, on .the discarded. branch iuiving been unobjectionable. Only ono instance of this provision, being, uvaiiud of lms occurred mnco tho passing of,the Act. Supposing it to have hcen'.a wise|and salutary one, it supnlicda cogent..reply to tho.argument derivotl from assunjcdlv. different. reqnisito qualilieations, against,tho amalgamation of. the two branches' of tho, legal profession, for it left to tiro wishes or the interest of tho practitioner, nnd not the speciality of his ability, tdio determination of. to which" - of-,1 them—after duo,, experiment—he should finally belong. " ... The Act was riot allowed; ,to. pass without further', splenetic exhibition, which, might: as well'have'been avoided.* In sigriifying tho * "Hansard," vol, 17, p. 07J, Royal nksent to it, Sir George Bowen'sent down a message, in which he insinuated, rather than stated,, that the .Imperial Act to. whioh I have before^' referred, ' with referenco , to' the do-' fe the colony, was brought in in pursuance of his recommendation only. In /the Legislative Council, Dr. Hobba, on behalf .of the.Ministry, anpwered• two questions,:oh tho subject, by stating that Mr. Justice Lutwyche had,- in his petition to the Queen, at the closo of the preceding session,.and given his opinion that , thb constitution of the Assembly was. illegal, : and; the Acts of the Parliament consequently' nujlt and void. ? Seeing that Mr. Justice! Luk. wychewas solo judge of the colony, and might; catiso great • confusion by refusing to execute: the Acts of. the Queensland Parliament, it! had been thought .safer to pass, an Act of . the Im-< penal Parliament" to .remedy/the supposed/ .defect. . This "was, followed, up; hy resolutions in! the Council,., and concurred ;in hy.;the Assembly, in effect, asserting that .the Imperial 'Government were in.errorin assuming that.the Legislature of the colony .could not interfere, with,.tho vested rights, of the,, judge, and sbtongly censuring him for " formally impugn-: ing the legality ef the Constitution and Acts of the Parliament of Queensland, hut; only- after tho closo. of the first session, and whcn a Su- j prerao Coiurt..Biff, drawn hy Mr. Lutwyche I himself, securing certain personal advantages I i had not.heen adopted."» Unfortunately ior the candour' of'the Go-; .vernment, and the accuracy .of its Legislature, the facts of the 'case were in flat contradiction to 'both their assertions. - Before the. first' Par liament of Queensland-, was- in existence, Jtidgo • Lutwyohe had, as :I have .narrated, - drawn' Sir George Bowen's attention to the defect-in- tho Order in Council, and recommended a Declara tory Act for its cure. . The evil ho.knew, qb a lawyer, it would have been culpable in him, as tho highest legal authority, in, the colony, to have kept a secret to himself until tho course of litigation brought it into mischievous .vitality. In, privately communicating his opinion to Sir , George, ho paid to the Governor the courtesy. .Jdiie to liis official , position, and afforded him this opportunity .of obtaining from the Imperial: I Parliament that omendatory. Act. of whose. | necessity he would, not otherwise have been aware, and which the weight due to the. judi cial-materially tended to sectire* 'f TTin. use of; the fact.in defence of himself against whathe believed to be—and-if the opinion of the Im perial ;authorities. is to be. relied upon—was an illegal wrong, waB simply the legitimate em ployment. of. a; weapon of, defence, - of . whose qxastenco the • Government; were .perfectly aware. ,,And it .iB. primarily to Judge Lut-. wyche, and not to Sir George Bowen, that the authoritative; settloment.of-what might have, been a troublous, question is. due. : As to 'thb probability of his Causing great confusion by "refusing to execute tho Acts'of the'! Queensland Parliament," any such ... anyBuch;.intention.| welB inconsistent with Ms original suggestion of; an immediate remedy for the defect which would have given to them a taint-of illegality.' If j ih'the course of legal procedure, that ille 'gality had been formally pleaded before him, his .'obligations as a Judge would have con strained him to take notice of it, whether con fusion resulted or not—for Judges are td carry but the'law, and not to cure its errors. .That error existed was no fault of liis, and I can' hardly conceivo how for pointing it out directly he, saw it,'be could be to blame. :'1 Public meetings, were hold, and petitions ! expressing confidence in tho Judge werosigned. .in! tho principal towns of the colony; and a great; .inass of '■ correspondence—of loading articles, followed hy a criminal. prosecution of thb printer.of.tho Courier'at. the instance of the. Legislati ve . Council—and, the usual acquittal of thb defendant, wound up the dispute. I hardly think'them'worth more than a passing reference. .The attempt made to deprive Mr. Justice Lut wycho of his statutable right, and tho petty annoyances to which ho was 'subjccted, are all, so far as, they have been treated' upon, matters 'ofjofficial'and permanent' record affecting his conduct and character; and I have therefore thought it necessary to review tho whole case,! divested of the surroundings with which per soharwarmth and violont controversy' encum bered it. Tho zeal of the Judged defenders sometimes''outran discretion and good taste; but the littleness of misrepresentation—to use' no: stronger term—by which ho was assailed might have provoked more self-contained and dignified advocates to some heat of expression, •and may almost justify some loss of temper in the object of attack. Such as they were, how- • ever, tuoy are best forgotten.'' Two select committees on matters of general' public interest sat during the session, of which that on the Nativo Police Force whs tho most important. The late Sir R. R. Muckenzio was chairman, and MeSsrs. Fitzsimmons, Gore, MoftUtt, Blakency, Royds, "Watts, and Ferrett members. Thoy'held 'twenty-four sittings, and' examined thirty-one witnesses, and . investigated ' at length tho constitution and condition of the force, and tho. conduct of tho officers, moro especially as to tho cases I referred to in a preceding chapter. Not a littlo curiosity was shown by somo members as to tho 'general character,'ceremonial observances, and religious belief of tho aborigines, and somo effort was made to elioifc as much as possible to establish the practice of revolting immorality and cannibalism at their corroboreca against them.- The evideneo of tho witnesses most familiar with-tho customs of tho native tribes went to - prove a • very contrary condition amongst tlicm; but tho great majority affirmed that they were treacherous and cruel. Some of tho mischief they caused was attributed to tho unfair dealing they experienced at; tho hands of'tho whites, especially of the lower .class, and some to tho indiscriminate alaughtor to which they had-frequently-beon subjected; but upon ono question there was scarcely any difforenco of opihiou ; that was tho value of tho native -polico,-properly officered, as a pro ' tectavo force. Great'stress was laid upon'the necessity of maintaining it at tho maximum of strength, sb as 'to; intimidate the natives into peaccahlo habits, a necessity which seems for tho wolforo of tho aborigines, as well as of ®1eta™ to iavo.boen conclusively- cstah of the report thKny'tSffi rf S"' hnk existed in this forco, or n^v^ P °.wt are attributable to S troo^^ 8368 system itof " ^JT1 any dcfect 'm «"> bfthtMUvr'^0 WM ™Wircd° "SaMy ■ bo cot iHs n?of ? civilized officers, coid wJ?t t y to conieetnre. The renorf ZTeZ,\Yn7^L~ details X in the Assefibly whSe Cown fbnS!mr ammated- Tbolate Mr.Charles whom no one better: qualified from oxpenonce-aud personal shrewdn^s of porce^ emphi&fto; thn 8 °!''n'oa ever lived, was empnatio - in , the expression of his own,—" Tf ?y>800'J 'wer0 to be done with the black ■e> en to the civilized man; and besides' there Sfc^ 7? ;*eeJinS3—their,- religion. He deniw? a S ttal tt hf H. 60 A" asscrtea^hat the blocks had no idea of a fnturi state,- His acquaintance with the blacks on of thwSw 'be Hnnter had convinced him of the contrary. -Ho found that they had such an idea, and also .that they had names for a fn°°? an- j?or 811 spirit, and that they had in view m fuiuro'something very n?TnilBr to the lU^f grounds of the° North Americ^ Indians. Xtwas an error also to suppose that d0aa t0 'i^PMtc ' - 4 3ery • common idea had arisen Horn the,.ample fact that their word for ghost, w n S¥de8 of tte departed,, had v«v naturally .been applied by them, to the white T . e-r fiist beheld him. . . .. iS8 was concerned"—and l!? gentlemen would admit that he jome.expencnce, and knew what he wai^ talking about- ho had lived many nmT ■■<**&*£, of civilisation, and ,hq._,tad . .neve, baa to speak a i ^1° 48 :a - black; kind treatment he had always found, to succeed."* And Mr uixen, whom no_ one ever suspected of too miS stronS in-bis con tSnl- course generally puiBued towards .the, aborigines. " He: himself had r™1,, c?se3 m which black prisoners had b!w r iO Mcppe-Euch blacks were never ■ v -a=aii1-, • • He never knew of any ~}f™ bewg.taken anywhere by the native police, and brought before tho ordinarvtri bunals. . - He had little doubt also that most of tho, outrages committed had resulted from wrongs first indicted by the whites, such as ™?f ay g^s, and- visiting comparatively ■rW^ nfi?S mth bloody punishment." vhnSX^ii:0.°tbcr spe^ers who in no wise en dorsed all that had been said or' written as to ttw lowest barbarism of tho aborigines, and in bitZfn,t^a"reP,0.rf.-:«ras adopted; but I never heard that anything came of tho recommenda i J ? oiviliang experiment with which it concluded,-and it seems to mo to have been but aS? r-r ln8t!»09 of the Pharisaism which finds relict in a faint protest against omissions which rasSfc. n °aey'iu 'P1110^® ani costless in ■_ I pretend tono experience of the hlaeksortbeir habits, hut am content to take tho testimony of men like the late Mr. Cosed, and Mr. Thomas jIS' 4o believe that they told tie truth, and that these gentlemen, mid others' in widely different quarters of the colony, did not find the,natives sunk in the lowest depths of bar ic1^?' Ibattkoyare accessible to kindness; tnqt they.appreciate firm and honest dealing that they wiil contemn a coward, and will cheat a cheat. These are tho characteristics of a savage rather than that of a degraded race. I further give ^credit to tho roport of the com mittee that the excesses of the blackpolicewere mnuily attributable to the indiscretion or inefficiency of their officers—a statement in accord with tho opinion given by Mr. Walker some years before* when establishing a force in tbothen recently settled district of tho Maranoa. And all this points to two conclusionsFirstly that a. native police protection force should be sufficiently strong to render violence not tho ready and usual resource, but invariably the hist .resort; that its- strength should exert a deterrent . rather than a punitive effect secondly, that its officers should bo men not' only ablo to control their troopers, but moro careful in adherence to law and humanity than.of the praiso of their own raco lor,an efficiency winch might mean massacre * Legislative Assembly Debate, July Zi. 1801 r append in a note, tbat it may bo preserved in a mora pennanent-fcrm. than iu tho columns of a newspaper tho tfoUowing anecdoto, related by Jlr. Coxen on this occasion Between the years 1637.3, on tho Hunter Elver, lie had under him n black boy who was educated with his brother's children, and mado such progress with his studies that ho was able to obtain E1?! J" geography, writing, and other things. Some timo after, circumstances so occurred as to throw the hoy out of a homo, llo did not, however, take to tlio bush, as might naturally have bceu expected. He had became ciyilisod and Christianised as mnchosbovs of his ago usually were, and ho obtained his own living bv engaging in tho service of settlers in. many ways, IV1} %^tor ° * ,Cars again carao into his serrico on Uiq Downs, ana conducted himself well, with tho exception of an occasional disposition to intemperance, a fmufc by no means peculiar to his race, Uo after wards entered tho police, umlor Mr. Walker, and was mado a noncommissioned officer. In that service ho remained two or thrco years, after which timo ho i Ho had, at ono time, been very kindly Seated by Mr. GIoddjo, and, at tho timo of his death, having saved some money, ho placed £5 in tho hands of air. llatkor, to be remitted to Mr. Gfonnio +t?Jp7.PmP°90 ,bo think flt. Ho thought that little biography sliowcd thnt tho blacks woro not, all of thorn, altogether irreclaimable. Ho tailored, howpver, tlint tlio caso was an. exceptional Protobiytake seiieraK riot far removed from extermination. Tho whole -weight of the testimony given tends to such necessity. Now what was done? Tho force' was never: point, and the cost it worild incur was advanced as an argument against theattempt; buta littlo consideration will show how am am afouridation there was for such an excuse, more especially . in justice to the natives themselves. : •, For it iB to be remembered tbat tbese people lived npon the native product of the land—that by hunting and fishing and tho arts of savage life they supported existence. To forbid them ' to roam over the country was to condemn them to starvation. The problem of giving them the requisite freedom, and yet escaping degra- ' dation was admitted on all sides to be one only ; to be solved by a strong protective force that ••• had appropriated the country and derived a' : large revenue from its occupation. That por tion of that revenue was devoted to the purposes described. About £12,000 were expended on' the Native Police, of which sum more than half ' was applied to matters pertaining to the officers, and £1,100' was voted for donations • to the aborigines. Three- fourths of the larger amount at least was fairly chargeable ■' to tho necessities of the whites to their pro tec-" tion ;-and if we take the remainder as granted ' on.a philanthropic spasm of care for the natives .' whose ground was occupied, we shall find that '♦ the amount fairly chargeable to the aborigines in 1860 was less[than £4,500. The revenue from rents and assessments was over £55,000; what' the profit to the community was from occupa tion I .need not trouble the reader by esti mating. And yet there was great of the; cost to the country of a force essential to both •' races—a cost provided tenfold by the deprivation from them of their simple and natural means of.' existerice; and' indiscriminate economists held * ■ up their hands in horror at the* extravagant' - outlay, and philanthropists bewailed the -irxe claimability of a savage race after such an ex- •" penditure, and looked with Tr>»ndliTi hopeless ness at tho'result. The committee wero met by much, reticence ' on the' part of some who could have given.,' valuable information, and of othera, who, -in : their zeal made charges, but did riot find it convenient to appear in; their support. . Among 'the reensants was Mr. "W7 .Hi" " Walsh, Who was stated by the r Cobriial; 11 Secretary to have been most pertinacious in '' bis accusations against the native police, and ^ who, in reply to the usual request, from the' Clerk of the Assembly, expressed hiTngpIf as : " unwilling to travel over 200 miles to appear before tho Committee, whose constitution called • forth so much suspicion on arid increasing dis appointment out or the Assembly." When on "/' tho 11th June, 1861, the Colonial Tr^surer read the letter in the House, some strong con demnatory language was used; arid had the : Parliamentary Privileges Act been in' force,; there is no reason to doubt that .Mr. Walsh ' would have felt the full weight of its provi- * sions. Mr. Watts moved that he " be ordered' to attend the House on this day month ': but •. after some debate, Mr. Lilley proposed, "That • the conduct of Mr. W. H. "Walsh, a justice of • -this territory, in disobeying a summons from - a committee of this honourable House, is highly : reprehensible, and merits the severest condem- : • nation of the House. (2 J That this resolution be ' communicated by address to His Excel- • lency," which resolutions were carried without dissent. Mr. Walsh's name was, therefore, omitted from the general^ commission of-the peace in the following year. 1 now come to tho bills brought in by private members, the Brisbane Bridge Act. standing first on the list. " There had been a good deal of talk for some time of a bridge across the River Brisbane, to connect .the principal portion of the metropolis with the main road to tho westward and to the Clarence, arid various ' schemes had been suggested to supply the •' want. In-the Estimates for the year 1862 there was a sum of £15,000 put down as to ward the cost of such a bridge, but when the item come on for discussion on tho 19th June,' 1S61, it was met by a most determined opposi tion from the members having interests in Ipswich, headed by Mr. O'Sullivan, one of the representatives for that town, who moved that the amount be reduced to one shilling, and: 'carried his motion by 13 to 10. In return, a *' sum -of £7,000, proposed for a bridge 'across the Bremer, to connect North and South Ips wich, was reduced in liko manner—not by any . means to the discontent of tho Colonial' Trea- ' surer. • After somo consultation between the corporate body, tho city representatives, and the Government, the late Judge Blakeney—• then one of the members for North Brisbane,; brought in a "Bill to enablo the Municipal - Council of Brisbane to erect a bridge across •' tho Kiver Brisbane, and to empower^the Go-' verument to grant them certain lands in aid of the undertaking." Tho lands referred to • were portions of the unsold allotments—-' town and suburban—on the south side of tho river, which at the time were comparatively valueless* hut which, were a bridge constructed, would it was thought, become readily saleable at enhanced prices, arid. r together with tho tolls, provide .funds for the ;,, cost of construction. This proposition was immediately opposed^ by. the Ipswich, representatives and thoir friends, and on . tho " motion for the second reading of the bill,1 on tho 31st July, Mr. MofEatt moved thatit bo read that day six months. This was defeated, by a majority of fourteen to eightl In the passage through Committee the measure was materially altered. . ftlr. Moffatt moved' a proviso that no bridge should be so constructed as to obstruct the navigation of the River Brisbane by sea-going vessels—an absurdity, seeing tbat no such vessel could ever navigate the Brisbane for more than a short distance. abovo tho eito of tho bridge, whose final result hasbcen tho doubling the cost of tho structure and leaving it a possible encumbrance on tiie general revenue. Two clauses—one providing tbat when the cost of construction had been paid off tho bridge should bo free, and another tbat if •266 town allotihcmtawcro valued, at the tirao, under £7,000; '390 allotments were then estimated, aa likely to bo worth, when tli» bridgo should bo com*. 1 ploted, £16,625, littlo more than £10 an allotment, • „ „ «aiJSiSRSSSl'! 5a^"jloreton Bay Tramway Company's Bffl Before flie necessary prdnninarj srmyeys .Iss^-raSM aftW wnresentjn" £50,000, conditionaly on being SCarigMto take land witkm.tko com Dan?s selections at the upset price to an , Svalcnt amount, and thus to ^ ,\fj-py some consideration., the pro a« 5^. SbB3WJS?^i gSSSSsS^ss! ZS. ta JX fhrfTihe surreys should ho commenced, W-ss S^^management of the official business ef also entrusted, and who had W iT'Stauts Mr. W. Hamam, now Kem dent Emrmrer on the Sorthcm Badway, and ?^WMr. "W. C. "Wakeling. hio tune was tort^n pushing forward the work on the has,s laid,down for his guidance, and these were. To choose a line admitting of a dose approach to thonatural surface; to avoid as far as possible any interference with private property, andto S in mind the contingency of a railway in time, substituted for the tramway. -The limit of expense of evexy kind was re stricted to about £2,200 a mile, and there vras therefore no room left for indulgence m the eccentricities of engineering, while it was .insisted npon that certainty rather than rapidity of transit being the essential point, a fair solidity of construction was to he preserved, but no extraordinary strength would bo :requisite. Every point bang thus adjusted the survey started with au equipment whose modesty would have excited the contempt of later day engineers—everything, induSing horses and instruments, with; the exception of the tents and tent-fittings and the conveyance of stores, being found by. the parties engaged on the work.' In one respect they w ere. fortunate, tor little was left to conjecture as to the character or levels of the country. For one-third of the time they were ont, they were prevented from : taKig .the field by heavy rains,and were p1»HnVi of a posable diet oi aw dough and some raisins; bs the alternative to getting nothing..' ... ■. • . , Itwaa desired, in the first mstance, to start from South Ipswioh, but considerations of expense,both-in the construction and in the purchase of private property,' prevented this being carried ont. The line therefore com menced on,the north ride, and took a direction in great part identical "with that of the present laRway, until it approached the Little Liver pool Bange, hat crossed that range at the earne point. There was little difference between, the two until the.ascent of the Main Range began, and hero the tramway line passed -to the south of the old road to Toowoomba, reaching the hare spur which is seen from the heights above the site of the lower toll bar, and turning back towards the table-topped mountain that rises in isolated grandeur sttil farther south, zig-zagged again to the west, crossing the summit by a deep but Ehort cutting, aud running down the centre of James- street into^ Toowoomba. In the selection of a crossing there was not much room for choice.. Heavy, works were out of the question, and as direct a line to Toowoomba as possible was made an essential equivalent to parliamentary support. 3Ir. Coote himself would have been much better satisfied had time flflTnjfrkvlj fnWM he have followed the country up in the vicinity of Blackfellow's Creek, and crossed the range on the Tent Hill Run, but the Parliamentary session had commenced, and the necessity for completion was pressed upon him.' He, therefore, finally accepted the last surrey as the * best under the circumstances, , and took very wide limits of deviation on the : south side, with the full intention of trying ; again at a* more leisurely opportunity for an , easier ascent, one that would ho more avail ' able for a railway. From what has been since > ascertained, I have no doubt 'that the most practicable railway route across the range, j would be found in the direction indicated. ! Tn gpite of the previous prognostications of impossibility, there was no great merit in find ing a passage, although it was admittedly not an everyday fashy The natural features of the -•ountxy determined the generalbeanngof the ^ •» to tbft foot of the- Slam Range, Hnc> V^re is, in my mind, no dcrobt that neither and tiu , at any subsequent survey was sufn. then nor for anything approaching to dent time a- 0f the different-points available an exhaustion • t DiTying Range. Ho w for exossmg the ^ geclion3 as far as. Too ever, the P1^ ^deposited- The continuation determined to treat as an ex to Dalby it was d ^ ^ «>inmittee tension—and, ^ ^ ^jjament; and, on the were readytem£t ^ c<(xen brought in tho bill. 3rd July, 1861, Hi o ^ o{ ^ parliamentary I should.say thatth. .+0 Ualby, including ail survey from Ipswich , in the paucity the necessary drawingt ' accordance with of draughtsmen, were m. > ^j^ger, was under English precedent by tne^ hue from Ipswich £1,500. The length of t* aQ^ ^ pdlby, 1q to Toowoomba was 61 miles, all, 113 mfles. ^ mmstances had But 'before .this some cm upon occurred which had a sinister . j should the company's fortunes; hut wl ot mastrate hardly > have alluded to did they consistent the Jreplexiou of tho tares, »nd to ,n. Jtl_ ■asff&w;'K. *m* fassv notice by tho then proprietor of "the Guardian newspaper, that Mr. Lilley bad re ceived instructions, to prepare the company s bill, and bo withdrew from further connection with an undertaking in which he was not the principal, and'fhncied, without justice, that ho was to be placed in a secondary position.' At that time, indeed,' ho seems to have been much vexed by the course of public ovents. If he were leader of the Opposition, he had a most unreliable and refractory following, and in that capacity he certainly had just cause of com plaint in. that he could never secure combined action in any really vital point. His vexation led him to take a singular step. In the middle of the session he suddenly resigned his seat, and in his address to the electors of' Ipswich, indulged in a bitterness of expression towards the members of the Government to which, as ho afterwards formally regretted its use, I have no. right to give more than a passing reference. Ho was ro-eLected after only a nominal opposi tion, and returned to his place, having lost tho ' Chairmanship of Committees, an embodiment of-indignation at the conduct of the Govern ment, and more so at that of his quondam and now occasional associates- on the Opposition benches. . Before the usual motion that the bill should bo referred to a select committee could be made, Sir. Macalister had returned to his -place, and when the' ballot was taken it re sulted in the election of Mr; Herbert, Mr. Coxen, Mr. Royds, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Ferrett, Mr. Raff, and' Mr. MacaliBter. Their first sitting was on the 16th, and their last on the 31st July, and on tho 1st August' the report was brought up.. Some alteration was made in the bill as brought in by tho pro moters—a proviso was inserted that £10,000 of the capital should be paid up, and fifteen miles of the line contracted for within twelve months from the passing of tho Act. Tho Govern ment were to reserve from further sale all the lands included in the company's alternate areas, and the maximum grant was fixed at a value equal to the estimated cost as given in evidence with twenty-five per cent additional. But one addition carried, though strenuously^ opposed by the company, was a clause compelling them to carry their line into North Ipswich, and build their terminal station there, the coveted bridge across the Bremer being to be built by them. For the extra outlay they were to be paid-in land to an equivalent extent. On one or two points; as showing how small was the traffic and how moderate the wants and expectations of the parties, interested wore, I may refer to the evidence, taken before the committee, and I should not do this were it not that' it will supply some not unimpor tant* data in tracing the progress of tho colony, while the facts elicited nave no small bearing upon our railway history and upon the policy subsequently pursued as to railways in :this colony..' Among the witnesses ex amined was Mr. Henry Buckley, who bad for some' years been- largely connected, with tho carrying .and forwarding trade of the district, and had moro facilities than most people foi; obtaining accurate information. His estimate,' formed at the beginning of the year 1861, was —as to the traffic between Ipswich and Too-: woomba:—(l Down traffic in woolj; annually, about 10,000 bales, which would amount to £5,000; hides,tallow, and other produce, cqualto £5 per ton—about£l,000 per annum. Hp- traffic, annually—flour, 700 tons.;' tea, 40 tons; sugar, 450 'tons; wines, spirits, and all other drink ables, 260 tons; wool packs,' 50 tons; drapehy, And machinery, 1,000 tons—in* all 2;5Q0 tons, at £5 per ton, which would' be £12,500. Pas senger traffic up and down: 30 passengers weekly, estimated at 20s. each, £1,660 per annum; a total amount of traffic equal to £20,060 annually." ■ * This, however, was expected to be more than doubled in a few years by the traffic from the country, then being rapidly taken up to tbe westward of Dalby. The weight of the down traffic was, in fact, taken at about 1,800 tons, the'up at 2,500 tons—the average would have • been about six tons down' and eight up per diem. Any comparison between the wants of the tramway and an ordi nary railway for the conveyance of such insignificant weights would ho absurd. The economical construction, and the . animal power proposed would have been ample for five times tho amount—and is so to a much greater extent in Canada at the present time. The then Surveyor-General—Mr. A. C. Gregory—was sent up to IpswicK to examine the line at the starting point, and reported strongly both in its favour, and, from Ha previous experience oa the general scheme, as one likely Ito ho sufficient for the wants of the district for years to come. The estimated tost he thought one likely to proye correct. In the committee, Mr. Macal ister attacked the arrangement by which Mr. Tooth and some others -proposed to join the company, hut ho forgot that it was by his in troduction the proposal was first made, and that he, as one of the provisional directory at the time had warmly supported it. ' When the report in favour of the hill was brought up, a strong opposition was made by the Ipswich members, who appeared most to dread the extension of the line to Brisbane, and succeeded in counting out the House; but on the following day the Government and the company mustered their supporters, and on the 7th August the bill was read a second time and passed through committee. On the following day it was read a third time, sent to the Legis lative Council, and there read a first time. On the 9th the Council, after hearing evidence, passed the bill through all its stages, and it was returned to the Assembly without amend ment. The Act thus -passed was of great length, but, with the exception of the few clauses having a local bearing, possessed no claim to originality, being for the most part a consolidation of tho English legislation, bear ing upon the rights and obligations of public companies carrying out compulsory lines of communication. There was some jubilation at its successful passage after so many risks and difficulties, which illustrated the old proverb touching the country, of chickens before they were hatched. (To be continued.) . 