THE OUTSIDE CAltlUAQE. (íVom tht'Belgravia Annual.) I 1 ITA» alone ¡n tho carriage, and I »ut wearily thinking, with roy eyes vacantly fixed on tho carringa outflde. How much better your lot, I thought, than mine, my friend, whose hat-brim lean just ace tho point of ; bow much I would give to bo yon, looking In at this carriage of wood and leather, with ita flickering greasy lamp and Its sad sordid passenger-you, who travel outalde among tho trees end thc twinkling stars 1 What do you know of the illa of life, or ita lonolineaa and oppression F You don't care for itt doled-out joys, for Its troubles that come in double handful«, t'hero may bo truth for you, looking out from non being to being ; there can be none for me, looking out from that which is to that which ia not. 1 grow quite in lovo with tho thought of sitting in tho carriage outaido; but there was no way to it ns 1 could seo. 1 could only gazo Into it longingly, and watch ita Ump that was now shining among the dark pine trees, for wo were passing through a wood. Sud- denly I saw, in the further window of the carriage out- side, a human face, white and ghastly, pressed against tho shadow of tho gloss. It waa there but for a moment, and whon I turned to look in thc real window of the real carriage, 1 could seo nothing. I let down the gluBS of tho opposite door and looked out, thinking th ut Bomo one might have been standing there on the footboard. But there waa no one. Presently thc train came shrieking into a junction station, where thcro were lights und paiaengcra waltina;, and barmaids in toworing hair chatting at refreshment burs with young men ¡ and I loBt Bight of tho carriage outalde, and nl moBt forgot tho face I had seen. But when wo went out into the darkness thc faco came again, peering in at tho window of tho earrliigc outside, and thia timo it stayed a moment longer ; but once more, when I turned to tho real window, there was nothing there. Then I saw nu more of it, and I reached home, and didr.'t think anything further about iho phantom face, having sn many other troubles that were not phantom ut all, but real and urgent. On the very next night' I was travelling home from London by tho anmo train. I remembered when I took my sent that I had thia delusion, BS I thought, about tho face, and I looked out tor n carrialoo which was well Ulled. As wo went along, however, wo dropped passcngei.after passenger, and finally I waa left alono. . Whon wo carno to thc pine wood I turned my oyca resolutely away from the glass; but aa wo flashed through lt, I thought that it would bc better thal I ehould no longer turn away my eye, but look boldly into the glas«, and thua dissipate thc idea that thcro had been anything but a mere nervous fancy In tho apparition that I had before teen. I aaw the face again, peering through the window of tho carriage outside. Then I began to think that tay friend, who sat on the other ride of the rand, was perhau» not io enviably situated after all. There ure hhadca attending on ahadowH, it appear*, and ghosts have other spirits to haunt them. Thia face that waa glaring in lipon the man outside, lind it any representative in the world of sense f . I could not tell ; but as soon aa oe'had passed the lighted junction I scated myself on the' np porile side ol tho enrriago, and put the window Jown. At that moment there waa a violent concussion ; I waa thrown forward on the opposite aide of the car- riage, and for a moment, although not unconscious, I I did not know much of what waa going on about, rae. " '. ¡ . . ? :? ¡, When I came thoroughly to myaelf I found that (hero had been an accident nn the line. The cutting thiough which we were passing had given way, block- ing up the rails, and ihe engine had been thrown off. No one waa seriously hurt fortunately; but it would be some hours before the linc was cleared sufficiently lor the truln to proceed. Thc passengers could walk back lo tho junction," and wait till tho linc waa clear, or they might alt still in the eui ringen which had not left tho line. For myself, I preferred to remain by the aide of the railway and watch the operations for clear- ing it. ' By-and- by tho moon rose upon tho acenc. Wo were in a cutting of loose and »andy soil ; on tho top of tho banka WOB a fringe of trees, which I found formed n portion ol n wood of considerable size. Sev- eral small liées had fallen down with the sand that had slipped from ubove. Tne landslip hud made a gnp in tho.bank, nnd there waa a sloping muss of debris between the top of it and the level of the line.' 'three or four plateluyers were ulreody busily at work shov- elling away at thc sand, and the ofllciala had tele- graphed for a lot of balluatmcn, who would .bo down in half an hour. Tho night was fine, and tho moon, ru I have said, had already risen. Thc dark firewood above looked mysteriously invit- ing. I made my way up thc slope of the bank, and found myself in the gloom of tho wood. Thero was a footpath,'I sawi that lcd away into darkness. The pleasant calm below, thc fresh fragranceof íhe Hrs, the whisper ol the wind among their tops like the murmur of an agltattd sea, the dim vistas cn either side like the aiide» of some darkened minster-theao things led mo along, and I followed the path into the recesa of the wood. It did not li nd mo far. In about half a mile I suddenly came to an opening in tho wood, and found I reachod the railway at another point. In fact, thia was the main linc, and tho path was a dia- gonal to Ibo right angle tormcd by it and the brunch along whioh we had travelled from thc junction. Aa I stood peering out from between the sterna of two young Br* trees looking up and down the line, I became conscious that somebody was watching me from below, l here waa a small signal br* by tho side of the line, which wns not, aa far aa I could see, connected with anyaignuls: and from this box I waa pretty certain that I had seen a human head protruded and rapidly withdrawn. Curiously enough, too, the glaaa window atthetido of the box, which ought, I thought, to look up or down the Une, loosed aidewaya, so that anybody in the box could watch the wood without being him- self perceived. Now I felt convinced that some one was watching me from this window. I determined to make certain. There waa a kind of track sideways down fha cutting, which waa not a deep one, and I lightly descended this to the level of the rall. It waa darker down hero than in the wood even, for the moon had not yet cleared the tree tops. 1 made my way cautiously along, crossing the line ao as tu get, aalt were, on the blind aide of the signal box ; and I had almost resined it, when suddenly a figure sprang from the box, and saw a steel barrel glis- ten in some stray ray of light. ' Who goes there r shouted a soldier's »oleo tight in my car. ' A friend,' I auld calmly, although I was a little atartled. My challenger had a policeman's lamp hung to his ; belt, the. light of which he turned full upon me. .? . ' ' 1 bog your pardon, sir,' he »aid; 11 didn't start you, I hope!' i ' You did a little,' I said ; ' I didn't know that our railways were so well guarded. What's your regiment, .entry?' 'O, I'm not exactly a sentry,' «aid the man with a sort of laugh, And yet he looked a soldier ; he had a carbine In his hand, and wore it military cap. 1 What ar» you, then F I asked. . I'm a warder of the convict prison.' . . Ah,' said I, ' then you aro looking out for some- body ?' ' Perhaps I am, sir,' said the man reservedly. . All right ; good night,' I said ; and thought t° myself, ' if you are, I hope you won't catch him.'. Well, at this time I'm standing on the line, and tho I train is coming along. I don't caro to stand too close to ene of those lumbering avalanches with a whiff of the sulphurous breath of the engine in my face, and I reach once more my p'erch on the top of the bank. Thia is ¿ne.ot tho lower order» of engines ; and, yet it is not a goods train that it ia drawing-it i» a train of empty trucks crowded with men. Ah, ye», lt !B the ballast-train, and a gang of men to eloar the lino ; and that is a signal to me to make my way through the wood once more, or else 1 may be left behind. And yet somehow I didn't Uko plunging into the wood ; il seemed so dark and lonely. It waa so far sifer, however, than walking along the line, where I might be knocked down unawares by a stray engine. At that moment I remembered the face I had seen in the window of tho carriage outside. For thefirattimo it struck mo that the two pointe where tho footpath impinged on the line were the two points at which the phantom face appeared. It nlmostacomcd as If it were some ghostly creature that haunted tho word. I felt a momentary tremor at the thought. My nérvea were a little shnken, and this harmless pine wood waa to me as some baneful enclosure from which I could not escape. That was folly of courso ; a few minutes run would bring me fttfely to the spot where thc train wa» waiting. 1 did run, na my blood was chilled. But half-way through the wood I was stopped. Hight in my path, staring at me with distended eyes, wa» the spectre face. The moonlight broke through an open, ing in the wood, and there it waited for me. The face waa all I saw at thc moment ; but it belonged to a figure-a pale gray figure. I was not exactly fright- ened, but a little awe-struck. At momenta such as these lt ien't the reasoning facultiea that aro at work, but the inherited fantasies, the influences of traditional superstition. I remembered that a spirit mustbespoken to before he would speak. ' wno aro you, ana wnat do you want r x erica. 'Keep your distance,' muttered a voice, * or I'll thrtvo my knife into you.' All in n moment thc explanation of the whole affair flashed into my mind. Thia was no phantom, but an escaped'convict. ' My friend,' I anid, ' I'm not a policeman ; I'm a harmless traveller. Let me pass; I'll not betray you.' ' How will I know that f said the figure, in a deep, husky voice. Thc situation, I felt, waa ono of real peril. I WOB not far from tho landslip. I could hear thc men's .prides at work-could near their voices. Should I about for help F No, I wouldn't do that. I thought of tho men standing on watch w ith their loaded car- bines; and thc figure looked an wan and miserable that I felt sorry for him, and would havo liked to help him. And yet ho would probably cut my throat. ' I'll give you my wold I won't betray you,' I sold ; 1 put your knife away ; I don't Uko the look of lt. ' Well, I'll thrust you,' aald tho man, looking nt mc keenly (or a moment ; 1 after all lt docan't much mat- ter. I'm tired of thia work,' God knows, and ye eon get tho reward if ye plneo.' 'Thunk you, I'm not n thief-taker,' I sold, for I didn't Uko tho man's tone. ' Who waa it said tho word thief to ino f ' he cried fiercely. ' I beg your pardon,' I replied quietly ; ' I aught to have said murder, I suppose f ' Ilyjnbcrs, thero'a some ono will any that boforo long if yo rouse me to desperation,' said tho man ; ' come, pois on, whoovor ye ore.' I suppose I oughtn't to hove offered thia. I daresay ray duty, strictly defined, waa to assist tho officers of the law tn recapture thia convict ; but my sympathie» aro always for tho mire against the cuta, possibly ho caueo I'm something In tho way of thu mouso my- self, and know the fierco touch of Grimalkin's claws. .You'll help me 1' cried the man, seizing me by the hand-it wasn't ii felonious kind of grasp either ' you're a good follow ; but how P Look you hero ' he said, Hiking me by tho arm ; ' I've been out of fonder pandemonium for three daye, and all that time 've not lasted fond or drink, except tho acoina I'vo picked up from tho ground under tho oak yonder, and the raindrops that I ve sucked from tho lenvca, I had a burrow, mark you-ono that had been mado for mo beforehand-and that I crept into when thc Imo and cry waa first raised : but it's all In ruina now ; the earth hos slipped and bnrled it up entirely. And they know I'm in thc wood, and nt every fifty yarda round it there's a man with a firelock ; bot I'd not mind far them if I'd the strength to run when I got out; but I haven't ; I can hardly crawl. I thought to get away tut night, and risked my Ufo by {umping on the train .B il passed ; but their «BU no empty carriage I could creep into, und the train waa running into the atatian and 1 jumped cir. And then I tried again at thc other end ot the foutpath by my hole in the ground ; but then I miaaed my fooling ai d fell backwards, just ss I had reachid a carriage ; ai d buttha! the train waa going «low I'd have been killed. The night waa dark, by good luck, andnnbobyauw me; and ll crawled back to my hole and lay there all that day, and when night eame on again I thought I'd Iry once more. You I Bee the men's eyes arc off the wood for a moment when , tbe'train comes past. Well, I did it to-night; I i jumped'safe and cleon on the footboard, and I found an empty' carriage, and 1 crept in and hid myself under the »ate., I could hear ihe paters jabbering to one i.noth'er, and they took »tock of every/ man that got into the train ; and then the doors were slammed, and the train went oil, and, says'I, 'Mike, you're free !', [ And then there wus this miserable stoppage. I bore it all till then, and then I bruk down. It seemed aa if the powers of heaven were againat me. You'd best leave me to lt, air.' * Listen,' I said ; ' the watchers know I huvo entered the wood ; they will watch for my coming out.- You ahull put on my overcoat ;'it will covtr you down to your knees ;' and my hat-you muM take my hat ; and here,'you'd better take my ticket too.' I said, rather ruefully, handling nut my return ticket, 'my carriage waa the middle compartment, accond fruin the engine. There's a railway rug nf minc on the seat ; wrap it round your legs, and if anyone looks at you the conviot trouscra won't show. Go and take your seal, and read the paper till tho train starts, and I'll atay in the wood.' It waa wonderful with what alacrity my friend car- ried but all my suggestions; In another five minutes I was standing all alone in the .wood, shivering In ihe chill of October breeze. What n lonely vigil that was ! And yet there was a .warmth at my heart that pre- vented my feeling desoíale, although I knew that I broken the law, and had likely enough done a very pernicious action. I heard the train puff away, mid with lt passed my chance of getting home that night. Probably if I put my hoad outside the wood I should be popped at like a rabbit at a ballu« ; but I meant to stay in the wood for a while ; a firwood ia a nice, dry, fragrant place to pass an hour or two in. There ure ants, unfortunately, that build great conical nests out of the twigs lhat are scattered so thickly on the soft hollow-sounding flooring- fierce combative brutOB who bite like demons : and in the night one ia apt to stumble over these colonies. But here waa a nico, clear spot, where I could lie with my back to a broad timber fir and try to snatch a little sleep. I awoke with a »tart. A man was standing over me -a man with a lamp in his hand, thc light of which, flashed into my eyes, had awakened me. It was the warder I had seen before. Ills fuce waa distorted with passion. ? Confound you,' : he cried ; ' you have ruined me with your cheating wiles ; but I will kill you, and pie tend that I ahot you trying to escape.' He clapped the carbine to my ear ; there wat a loud report-a series of reports. 'Now, air, if you please, your ticket,' cried the guard, hts lantern flaring full upon me-I came to my- self with s gulp and a atart. ' Afto'r all, had I been taking a journey in thc outside' carriage P 