MISSIONARY STRENGTH AND ACTIVITY . OF ROMAN CATHOLICISM. " j In a volume just published; which gained the: prize' offered by a Dutch society for the best. essay on Christian missions; there is an inter-1 esting account of the missionary strength and activity of Roman Catholicism. The Conducting : of these missions is entrusted to a body stand- ing immediately under the papal curia, but in other respects perfectly /independent, and fur nished with the most extensive powers. This is the Congregatio de propaganda fide, to which Gregory XV. handed over in 1622 the manage ment of the entire missionary activity of the Roman Catholic Church., It is a college of 26 cardinals,, two prelates, a regular priest, and a secretary. At itB head stands the prefect, who, with the secretary, may be looked upon, as the soul of the whole society. Through their hand goes, everything that has to do with the terra : infidelum. Every Sunday afternoon they have a conference with the Pope in order to consider and arrange matters connected with the entire of the missions. The Propaganda appoints the missionaries their sphere of labour, sends: them under the lead of some one, and mostly in a company of several together ; raises the circuit to an Apostolical Vicarate when it has reached a sufficient size, until it can be incorporated with the hierachical system as a diocese or archdiocese in partibus infidelum. The Propa ganda has immense resources at its disposal. - Its colleges, of which there are six in Rome alone, train missionaries for the whole world. Similar colleges for foreign missions are to be found in Naples, Paris, Occano in Spain, Carlow in Ireland, ,and lately Archbishop Manning has laid the foundation for a similar one in the very heart of Old England. In, addition to all this the various,, orders J of monks, pro duce an exceedingly rich; supply: of missiona- ! lies'. Not less, than 25,, orders are specially engaged for . missionary, servicp. The Jesuits lalone number -among' , their. 9101 jmembers 1558 (missionaries. Ipi ; addition,, to), the. Franciscans- :arid Dominicans, jwhqjere first , in the mission, : ffield,,and)the Jeswij«,,whoyid®J;.S0K ihs'; taking the/lead; there i aire the . Redemptorists, .Clapucmes, -Augustines, andj i Carmelites ;: besides . these .,:therp; are the, Antonians, Baailians, andMecnitarists, who, are active in missions, and support : their own mis- . sionary seminaries. Of great significancy for. the outward apraad of Roman CathoUc Christianity, are the eommnnkiee of secular clergy in France. ' Prominently among these are the Lazarists, and the congregation of the Sacred Heart of Jesus ,and Mary, or "Piepus.Society," as it is called from the street in which its centre lies in Paris, and which was founded in 1805. : In addition to these there are the Marists in Lyons, at the congregation of the Holy Ghost and of the Sacred Heart of Mary at Ameiens, 'the Society , of Our Lady and the Holy Cross at Mons, the Society, of Mary at Brest, the, Oblates of Mary in Marseilles, &c.; In Italy there are the Union of Oblates of the Blessed Virgin in Turin, and the .Union tor Foreign Missions, which since, 1850 has existed at Milan., Of less importance are the committee of the Passionists and.Eudists. The societies which send out missionaries are in great part supportedby the Propaganda, but auxiliary societies are annexed to them, and the activity of these is principally occupied in furnishing pecuniary resources. , Among these . may be mentioned the Lyons Society "forthe diffusion of the faitb," which was founded May 3rd, 1822, and which has so extended itself that its regular subscriptions of a halfpenny, or five centimes a-week, furnished, in 1S72 5,602,645 francs,' or £224,105,: by .which 250 bishoprics, apostolical vicarates, and prefectures are supported in the Old and New worlds. This weekly subscription of a halfpenny a member was adopted in imitation of . a collection of the Basil Society (income £1000) -The annuals of the Lyons Society are calculated to the;number of 235,000 copies; and in ten languages. Through its assistance the , Society for Foreign Missions, which had its rise in 1663 iu Paris, has acquired new vigor, so that in 1872 it had 187 auxiliaries, 24 missions, 23 bishops, 440 European missionaries, 320 home missionary priests, and 350,000 converts or members of its churches. In 1840 the Bavarian , Ludwig's ; Missionary Society separated from that of Lyons, . and now collects for the support of missions in America. The same work carried on by the Leopold foundation in ; Austria, which was founded m 182U. 1< or home and foreign missions there is the widely-extended female congregation , of the Sacred Heart of Jesus(since 1794) .; whilst the Pius and Bonifacius Society interests itself more for home missions. All lauds on the face of the earth inhabited by schismatics , or non- Christians are looked upon as provhices of the , Catholic Propaganda. It had> as early as 1850, in Africa (leaving out Tunis, Tripoli, and Egypt)' 14 bishoprics and vicarists ; iu India, IS ; in China, 29; in Canada and the Hudson's Bay lands, 13; while in. Oceania there were 170 parishes and 180,000 converts. No doubt a great part of these Propaganda efforts is directed towards the suppression and destruction of Pro testant Missions, as was manifest from their forcing themselves into Tahiti in 1837, as well as from the procedure of the Padres Jouen and Einaz iu Madagascar in 1S62, and numerous other facts; but it must, nevertheless, be ad mitted that the Catholic Church earnestly aims at the conversion of the heathen, although this is attempted often and only through the use of pompous ceremonies, which , attract but exter nally, or through baptizing without their know ledge or wish, children and silly grown-up people, and thus incorporating them with the only saving wafer ecclesia. Their earnest labours in Cochin China, Malacca, Thibet, New Cale donia, in the American Rooky Mountains, on the Philippines, Caroline, and Sandwich Islands ; the great number of their martyrs, their mis sionaries working alone in Corea, and Mants- chooria, all this gives proof of the same earnest ness. The Greek Church is, it may be said, quite lifeless.- The colonization activity of Russia in; Siberia has remained almost without influence upon the heatben portions of this vast territory. The Nestorians of Persia, who once carried the missions to the west coast, of India) Tartary,: Mongolia, aud China, have for centiuf ries been checked and have, yielded to the oppo sition of;, Buddhism, Mohammedanism, and Roman Catholicism. 