Mi Ilimtfjjlmi ^Mrcrto. Saturday, June 17, 1S7U. Yesterday the proprietors of this jour nal were mulcted iu damages to the ex tent of £100 for an alleged libel pub lished some eighteen months ago ; the article complained of being a comment on a statement that appeared in the Ballarat Courier. To briefly recapitu late the circumstances, we may state that a holiday excursion to the metro polis was given to the children con nected with the Wesleyan Church Sun day School, Ballarat, Through some mismanagement or oversight, the larger part of the return train was despatched in a half-empty state, as the holiday makers were enjoying their stay to the fullest extent: so that when the crush came there was not accommodation for the numbers wishing to return. With those who could not be accommodated and others who arrived too late to be disappointed, the number swelled to about 150. In the predicament the Stationmaster was appealed to on behalf of the children to allow them to proceed home by the ordinary train ; but heed less of the fears of the little ones at being left in a strange place, and the Ioug, weary night of anxiety to be spent by their parents, he refused to make any provision, or allow them to return by the ordinary train, unless another fare was paid down in cash, Consider ing the yvhole circumstances of the cas;, and that tint action of the Stationmaster was arbitrary and heartless m the ex treme, we published the article contain ing the alleged libel, and was afterwards sued in the County Court, damages being, laid at £250. The issue was in our favour, Judge and jury alike hold ing the ai tide to be only a fair criti cism ; however, flic wounded dignity of Mr O’Malley thought otherwise, and an appeal was made to the full Court for a new trial, which was granted, the result being as already stated, that we are mulcted in heavy damages. Remem bering the recent free trade packings which have taken place in our halls of justice, and the perhaps damning fact that we have ever fearlessly, honestly, and openly advocated the principles of protection, and free, secular, and com pulsory education, we cannot look upon the verdict in any other light than that of a political and religious persecution, brought about by those who are unscru pulous enough to trample on every thing which may stand in the path of their selfish projects. If this verdict is al lowed to stand, it simply means that public servants may treat the public in whatever high-handed manner their humour may dictate, and that no news paper will bo permitted to otter any comment on their doings. Under those circumstances, and in the interests of the public, we shall exhaust all legal means to obtain justice and freedom of speech for ourselves and the public generally. The Government are now reaping the j fruits of insufficient pier accommodation I at Williamstown. During the wool sea ! son complaint after complaint was sent into the Railway Department on the subject. Masters had in some instances to move their vessels more than on one occasion within a week, and were in con sequence subjected to a heavy pecuniary loss. The reaction has now set in. So long as ships are not compelled by the terms of their charter to discharge at the railway piers, Williamstown, we may reckon for a dead certainty that they will not patronise the Victorian Rail ways, but go to Sandridge in preference, where every facility is afforded without the constant worry, annoyance, and ex pense to which they are subjected on this side of the water. Notwithstanding the repeated promises made to Pallia mcnt by successive ministries, little or nothing lias been done to remedy tlus crying evil beyond making a show m constructing a siding to the approaches of the proposed new pier, "We are again at the beginning of another wool season in precisely the same condition as to pier room as we were fifteen yeais ago. This is simply monstrous, when it is con sidered that during that period many hundred miles of new lines have been opened without the slightest increase of pierage at the terminus of our national lines. Whoever is responsible for such o-ross blundering and want of foresight as exhibited in "this case should be sum marilv discharged \ for we ventuio to assert that no private company wou’.d keep officers who so neglected I'.mir duties as to cause the annual loss ’which now occurs to the State by whole cargoes being thrown into the hands of their competitors. Indeed, a close observer of such mismanagement would be inclined to suspect that all this was planned and carried out with a view to playing into the hands of the Hobson’s i Bay Company. 1't is certain that no better course to secure that end could be suggested than the arrangements now yearly adopted by thomis-managers of our railways. Some unkind critics have said that the paucity of shipping at Williamstown is due to the desire of the Traffic Department to make Mr Woods’ new tariff fail, and that ships have been driven away for that purpose. Of course we know that is not the case, simply from the fact that the same system has been staring us in the face for years. We earnestly hope to see shortly that gentleman back at the head of the De partment, when some guarantee will be afforded that these long-standing abuses will bo promptly attended to, and in addition witness a clearing of the Augean stable. The public may rest assured that their property will neither pay nor fulfil its mission until a head is found able and willing to grasp the reins with a firm hand as well as apply the priming-knife to iucompetency. The Choral Society o£ Williamstown gave an entertainment of a miscellaneous charac ter in the Odd Fellows' Hall on Monday evening last. Although the concert was organised under the auspices of the Loyal Williamstown Lodge and the programme one which was well selected and attractive, an unusually small audience assembled on the occasion. This unlooked forcircumsiance marred in a great degree the enjoyment of the evening both to the singers and their hearers. At the close ox the several pieces, however, battering manifestations of the manner in which they were appreciated were always given, showing at all events that the public were to blame far the failure of the entertainment. The diorama of the great fratricidal war between the Northern and Southern States of America has found great favonr with the public of Williamstown. During the three nights of its second visit it has drawn crowded houses to the Mechanics' Institute. The last exhibition took place on Monday evening, when Miss Saker, Dover road, was fortunate enough to win the principal present—viz., a valuable silver hunting watch. The Examiner of Wamiambool has the following on the small screw steamer which was launched from Messrs White's yardi Nelson-place, a few \veeksj ago :—" The tiny 6team launch Eva arrived in Lady's Bay on the tith inst. from Melbourne, en route to Fort Adelaide, where she will be employed at the semaphore. A trial of the Era's steam ing canabilities was made in Melbourne before, leaving, and a very fair speed was attained, the engines workiug- smoothly and without any hitch occurring. The skipper and crew of the Eva present a very youthful appearance, and we wish tfie adventurous voyagers a speedy trip to Adelaide in their diminutive steamer. The Eva was built at I Messrs Whites' yard, Williamstown, and has been much admired sinae she was launched.” The Short Hoad question was brought under the notice of the Heads Department on Tuesday last by a deputation representing Emerald Hill, Saudridge, and Williamstown, which was introduced by Mr J. Whiteman; M.L.A. The surveyor's report, recommend ing an expenditure of H30S, to render the the road passable for trafiie was alluded to, and it was asked that that sum should be placed on the estimates.' The Commissioner said he would obtain a report from the in specting engineer of roads on the question; and submit it to the Cabinet. He, however’ did not hold out strong hopes that the small sum asked tor would be granted, even to complete and utilise a work on which thou sands have been already spent. The strong north-westerly gale which pre vailed in the beginning of the week did some damage amottg the small crafts moored In the Bar. The yacht Midge on Tuesday morning was found to have sunk at her moorings, while others had dragged their anchors for some distance. The ballast lighters Matilda and Chance, lying in the same neighbourhood, nlso sank during the The Cerberus was skilfully navigated front her moorings in the Bay into the Alfred Graving Book, on Monday last. About two o'clock she got under weigh, and despite a strong north-westerly gale, steamed slowly and safely into position in little move than half on hour. It is probable that the vessel will be floated out on Monday next. The Customs authorities at Williamstown made a seizure on board the !’. and O. Co.'s Sumatra on Monday last. Home 1700cigars in two lots were taken possession of, conveyed ashore, and placed under seal. It is probable that tlie water supply to Williamstown will now be equal to the ex traordinary demand during the summer months. On Monday last, about 100 men commenced the work of laying a 10-ineh additional main from the North lload to Ferguson street, and it may be presumed that before I lie hot weather comes round, numerous branches will be laid to ensure a general and sutliejent supply of Van Yean at a time when it is most required and valued. A youth named John Yoekler, a resident of Yarraville, sustained injuries to his le;; through a horse, on which he was riding, falling to the ground on Monday last. The lad was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, but it is expected the injuries received will not prove to be of a serious nature. An entertainment was given last week by the Wyndham cricket olub in (he school-room at the township, the object of which was to celebrate the closing of the season. A list of songs having been successfully given, a farce ' was played, in which were many witty local allusions which excited much laughter and amusement front beginning to close. At the end, the room was cleared for a ball, at which some fifty couple enjoyed dancing till daylight. During the proceedings, Cr Stewart presented a bat, the gift of Mr Chirn side to Mr Marshall, who was the highest scorer for the season. Inspection invited of a large consignment of new goods just landed, consisting of Blankets, Sheetings, Hosiery, Dresses, Shawls Ac., at Gkougk Davis, Draper, Barkly-street' Footscray. Suits made to measure of the bast material, [Advt], The great nuisance in Footscray of starving cows and horses roaming about the streets will speedily be put a stop to—this done, the destruction to footpaths will cease. Nomination papers for members to form the School Board of Advice for the district of Footscray, were lodged at the appointed place on Thursday afternoon last. Eleven papers were sent in, and it will be seen out of the nam.es nominated only two of the old members, have put themselves forward. The following are the gentlemen nominated CrGamon (Mayor), Dr Morton, Messrs G. Ku s=ell, It. ' Weaving, H. Humphrey, A. V/hite, J. Weeding, J. Thomson (bank manager), J. Colkoun, (bank manager], .1. Irving, and J. Harris. With such a field of operations for great improvements being carried out in the lower district in regard to school accommodation and attendance, it is to be hoped the best men will be chosen. H is reported that a public meeting, with a view of ascertaining the candidates’ ideas, will be held before the polling day, which is advertised for the 1st July next. The Inspector of Nuisances for the borough of Footscray has duly served all the slaughtermen and pig keepers within the district with legal notices to put their various establishments and yaids in perfect repair within one month, failing which, very stringent measures will be taken to comped them to do so, or leave the district, as the Council are determined to have these places kept properly, which is very essential, now that the borough is getting so much more thickly populated. The borough inspector has had strict injunctions to see that the Health Act is properly carried out in re ference to pig sties throughout the borough ; they must be paved, and kept forty feet at least from any dwelling. The borough nightman is to report upon all leaky cess pits and pans, and especially pans allowed to run over. The amount of rates paid into the treasurer for the Borough of Footscray for the current year has been as follows :—L’revious to the 1st June, TG30 ; 1st to dtli, £(12 2s; (itb, £6S13s2d; 7th, £0!) 11s; Stb. £72 11s; 9th. £2Q4 Ss; 10th, £1149 17s lUd, making a total of £1777 ; there is a balance of £700 to come in, and the total assessment for 1S7G is £2477. Advance Footscray 1 The concert in aid of a distressed brother of the M.U.I.O.O.F. was a success that must be very gratifying to the promoters and all who took part in the proceedings. On Tues day evening last at the old Borough Chambers, Footscray, there could not, have been less than 300 persons who obtained admittance to hear and enjoy the amusement provided for them, and it can be safely said that the whole of the ladies and gentlemen who gave their services for such a charitable purpose, acquitted themselves very creditably. On such an occasion, we refrain from com menting upon the abilities of the performers, but a very lengthy programme was gone through, and the proceedings were brought to a close with the laughable farce of " The Ball is still going on.” It is expected that about £1S will be handed over to the dis tressed brother through the concert being given. It was announced that Mr J. G. Stobbs would on Monday evening last deliver a lecture in the Presbyterian Church, Yarravillc, and the subject chosen was entitled Napoleon III. Previous to the commencement, the lecturer apologised for having left half of his manuscript copy at home, but be would read the portion be had brought with him. This, he proceeded to do. and after half an hour bad jbeen spent by the persons present, the lecture was brought to an abrupt terminationt without having touched upon the great man’s life at all towards its finishiitir career. After a few remarks bad been made by the ltev. Mr McKenzie, and a vote of thanks passed to. the chairman, the audi"iice, numbering about one hundred left, the majority thinking they had only received six pennyworth of in struction, for which they had been called up on to pay one shilling. The proceeds were to be devoted to the lining of the church, and it is expected that the lecturer will at some future time bring the remainder of the lecture, and deliver it at an additional charge to his bearers. This, no doubt, will assist to augment the funds, for which the original lecture was intended. A meeting of the Williainstowii Rowing Club was held at the Mechanics’ Institute, on Thursday evening last, for the purpose of taking action to erect a boat shed. There was a large attendance, Mr Min to occupving the chair. After some discussion, it was pro posed by Mr White, and seconded that 100 £1 debentures bearing eight per cent, be issued, and to be taken iip as the funds of the club will allow, tin the motion being put, it was carried. The following were appointed to be the building committee :—Messrs W Mullins, A. Minto, C. J, Clark, J. Qlvnn and W, White, To bo Mayor of the rising borough of Foots cray is not a very amiable position to hold' if report states (truth. On Monday evening lust a gentleman wont to one of the leading j hostclrics in the Borough, and after partak ing of bis stimulant, was accosted by a knight of the cleaver—who had mistaken the former j for the Mayor of the borough. Rushing his hat over his eyes and in no new polite lan guage he wished to know what Urn Connell meant by interfering with his clean and whole some slaughtering establishment. In vain did the insulted stale that he was not the leading magnate of the dislrict, and that he had no wish to have his belltopper destroyed, as having paid lor it, lie wished it to last as long as possible. Several words and—what was worse—throwing the contents of glasses in each other's faces ensued, the result being a disturbance outside the house, which called the gentlemen who are paid to see no breach of tlie peace occasioned into requisition. The closing scene of the case will be heard in the local police court on Wednesday next. A deputation of the Footscray Borough Council waited upon the Deputy l’ostinaster General, on Thursday morning last, the ob ject being to point out the (advisability of having pillar boxes erected in the district, and that it was not the wish of the Council that the Yarravillc oiliee should be closed if it was thought desirable that the same should remain open, The deputation were informed that proper enquiries should be made through out the entiro district, and what was thought most desirable for the whole of the ratepayers would he carried out. On Monday evening last, a meeting of the Bt. John’s Church, Footscray, Bmulay Beliool Building Conimitte, wns held in the vestry, adjoining the Church. There was not a vepy large attendance, but £7 10s was subscribed towards the object for which the mcctiim was called. A process server belonging to the Supreme Court, named McGuinness. was found dead at the bottom of No. 1 cutting near the North Melhourno Railway Station, on Sunday morning last. It is supposed that he had fallen over the embankment, whilst in a state of intoxication; and been instantly killed, as a severe cut was found across tlio forehead. An inquest was held, and a verdict returned in accordance with the facts above stated. An important case tr -• , cided at the Footscrar p,-> jiateria^s -to nesday last. A man ni who had been at one ( line as scale-adjuster L' Casey, landlord of th» >" ill 7s, being amount</,' had been supplied ]0 and which lmd been ■ It transpired that the viously owed the jilair.-o £1 Ids, but a portion created t>y “ drink-0T,. knowing the diilicultr r, months since summon,-.] £1 7s f.d, but the e.t-,.... going into Court hv 7s 0 ; off the total a:„„., pay .'is per week. The ,• these amounts oil the entj ant failing to keep hjs ^ sued on Wednesday ]a.. balance of the oriental pleaded th"t the )2s i; ( , the previous summons ,, been served with; bat dillcrent view or the c-i. the plaintilf ltad a . off the original fuff thought that a pi,i,ij,„ tradesman—was trntit!-] goods that had been , r, order was made for st i also remarking that tb> fendant had conducted i ness box did not at yi come forward in the er.. satisfactory manner. m was tt'seI,t „> iicieaflet jations of 11 rofonn'l astc •jh the Bab; iue ttoe tbi The little ^.jemunne apanics the Bder”into ^handed ' .pepaTtmcn inottai8 not ! so little to 'paternity0^ ' ition of th 'byssinia to ; relopecl the Mat a cost oi •,: jjcs could hi 'cxoachnicnt '1 {eet of wat •ceo£aP1*il! the I Sued to Be : ere overlan 0k such1 a tat £25,000 It would seem that h: enough in the Wyiu] sportsmen from Me!ii, outing the other dm-,! and a half of tiieniiv, lately occupied I over thirty hares. Hr Ti, WE Ant: perfectly well awarer-t even rage there is abroad a,, fora more rapid emithiu,; nicies of Ilahyssinia: hu; them that the translation j: is a matter which is nm self, but one v.hich r.iyi.y, considerable amount of titr.. that this explanation will r, necessary. Now to re.-umo periment. tninaij: ■aur ieasureable fliioh Isola otions, and, jcalisoiy “ w 'he money " :ccasioh no few month . voiles there if the small' •asion- disco . initely less These great \- Know Hot! "at the helm of mind the tific Balaan than even i gentleman had not b .when th? ’rather, of ■himrift110 "iwitii gene N didn’t say : fillaTolui ' 'havingbee \--’water run. ' Mb' worthy THE Lea come to s mon-sens the jury 'in an cxl “ The wobblers, the fea: chanical curiosities, am! Eminence having noblvfci; M sinian idea in reference to rlt - laying the slone foundation :'•) tion of both in a retnarkabit. 'time was afforded for His Hr.:;.; nence and staff to turn few other water approaches in ii.:; the country. Amongst the :s what is known as '‘The baby, the Lake’s entrance. In its, ject was approached in mtc: •; that an Ashantcc medicine r.; proach a problem in Ktieli,!. itself was visited and inspect,:: had been a belcagttretl town k necring Eminence an oppos:..-; ing a reconnaissance in farce, i rnal preliminary cercmonice:: amongst the Babyssinian!. T: humbugged, whatever price ti to pay for the luxury. Witte.; cation characterising every pay the KcjKirt—which is all th Iteport itself would pwie-e at them. It may he observed h eally that the Babyssimutis is: live, move, and breathe on -E5[c? • the nuisance caused to a wh*!e hood by the imbecile youlinsdip. pup, or the failure of some ; • bi-jiedal puppy to touch hirer., when he (the bipedal puppy) ' snob Nos. 1, 2, or 8, as the cast." the rumoured failure of the nt.-tit undertakings—all are invcstiKM, and finally adjudicated upon c:n “reports,” This system—trialr Babyssinian—has its peculiatiii;’ advantages. Take an example: > what is facetiously called an happened on one of the Uabysii railway—a description of whichr_ follow—and the plan adopted :: Babyssinian mind that it con":', ably be expected to have been era the circumstances, is to take don oilicers—(and for the purpose £■! r all are officers.) Then ceowsase with tlte great K. N. (know rc::y through the first six or seven 8.N.'s (say nothings) till tiie -ex: perhaps os del or Cs per day isM1 portion of the entertainment being - the K.X. calls upon ti.X. Xo. 1 u: tho subject. S.X. Xo. 1 keeps ami as though a brilliant ideality- vr him, asks 8.X. Xo 2 to " report ’toJ, 2 acts until the as Gd or (is man s This is done in very urgent eases.“ very reasonable period of a W - i The “ report ” thus obtained trave-; - , exactly the same order, ami &»' the august presence of the ptS1 nothing himself as the report et — ■ whose report everyboily pretemh it is. This is the peculiarity e; na tion. The advantage lies in tit!:i' under this system—if we exeepi t:;-1 Gs Ilian—nobody is responsible. h’i:; common sense has been exbibitoith: sininns cannot stand it, a sacrifice^ made. The K.X. repudiates it viaa air of—“Take your hat off. sir. wt*.’-’ in the presence of a Commission;:. Xo. 1 shoves it on to Xo. -■ !’• v rounds with more rapidity ti.115 :r with a final (hitter settles o.a th’c le-ad of os (id, who is osteut.itiously d-: witli a chojee variety of official ic-r-' I hts of course soothes the ilabyssinL and prepares it for tlte next event, im proved avidity and an additional t'-v in the way of swallow. But to return - subject, as the Babyssinian trait."-’"' geographers say. His Engineering Eta having by sensational approaches a* - reached Lola—tlte chief town on ti;E been to ( ged-out .deavorii: ’bc1vc5 ; t know as fying a vested v appear w! golid st .’.man 111 given t mises a decade rr has ser •Mlext Bi tSk fraud Egcrti of the ..., the 1 i:W' Brou rien ing 1 stoi of 1 ST( Qt of these beautiful lakes—proceeded s-1 anti in the most orthodox famion, ■al together the raw materials for * ^ , As S.X. in the No, 1 rank, '>e d "\,J. adopted the time-honoured p!an sketeheel out. This was pursued "kh1 ■ less zeal and energy, which mother in tlie world are usually devoted ^ y the very reverse of those tiow^mfe tempted. Isola was simply the ’r“-' ^ outlet, the port and depot at a vert d sive and fertile country, expanding>»£_•. tiling but area. Isola was still so Lf2-'"..; with the Egyptian darkness of e-; facts, that she wanted a salt sea 'L-'V;.; right up to her streets. Eminent £ll-r'L ;; ing interests of course could not siar,^y To handicap imported tenirincoring with what capricious nature ht^ done*^ millions of ages past is just a trifln ®011 l£j Engineer’s talent can stand. It,va5 fore well for Isola that in this early Per‘5'^H her history the anti-Babyssinian was beginning to entertain were but judiciously stifled by His EttS'11^ ^ Eraintnce. With this object therefore » fully in view, the indefatigable I J at onc tj ''‘•§>ilp*aftcr CX!,minwl by tllc different •djuster, of nu''"1,’ei's 'vith ttfat l,rctcncc 3 of the n;:t0 i:ent and admiration of nounl of Lab'-mians alone are capable, lied ]0 (j3,this document saw tlie light of been se ^fe^^littlc stranger was ushered in with hat the jlf;:i^^Mninc ceremonies than usually ac he phij^fjj^gj|| the advent of a “fifty-thousand he tHt atiUe,! i into this world of sin and sorrow. Igi^ded at once to the great K.N. of |!^^hnent for the simple reason that of *'■; j|^ps not one knew so little about it or (P^pHtle to dowith it, either in the shape a‘ k •U^rnitv or possible adoption. The pub '•-t this famous “ report ” enabled ^ Pyiffliiia i0 breathe freely once more. It s't:py5ped the dim outlines of a plan whore oI h0me £8<l-000 or ‘he *££$*! 'JC !‘° hermetically closed to the "'•‘fientaebinont of anything more than a couple ':i;: fieefcbf water, that not even the appear » pleasure-yacht could insult the sur •i:|jp%fathc Lakes, unless indeed she liap • iljlijdtb be built on the Lakes or taken ••jp&ft;&erland.; This admirable proposition tilffiSj&jili; a firm hold on the public mind ■: kj^25,(100 was at once voted to start the i'tejfijtiieut.. The expenditure of this pro 'lintinary sum created quite a flutter of excitement, in the midst of Sc&flsola; herself gave up her old-world !',pofionS ami, to use a somewhat hackneyed p^Usm, “ went in" madly for the scheme. ■" iTb® taohcv was so admirably laid out on the AS&jjj.; now under consideration, that in Fi'fe^iihonths from the commencement of the [woflcsithere was not the ghost of a shadow loffiiefsniallest of the coins used on that oc :»Son«;discovcrablc by mortal man, and in ifimtSy less to show for the expenditure. tiiffieJ great successes intoxicated all the Know', Hot 1 lings then, sacrificing themselves at the lnv.n of power, ami whilst in this state 'of mind they cast about creation for a scicn tifiC.Balaam of even greater cursing power r’thifi'evcii His Engineering Eminence. This Kigentleman became extremely popular, and SHadinot been many months in the colony Iwhem the honourable soubriquet; or title .SmlhC of K.B. (Kahn Botch) was applied to not witl‘ n,,iversa1' consent at least tsiStil^goneral approbation. The things he ' S'did^t say and the things he did do would "■'fillin'volume, onc of liis very latest exploits having been a most persistent attempt to make ‘ water run uj^liill. the very ingenuity of which •'is'.worthy of a careful description.” 