a Hundred Pounds. A NOVELETTE. BY J. BRUNTON Stephens. CHAPKn yi,-(Conif/««d.) ^f?rXqtstio"nsmto be, What will he; do let's-, Sandie had arrived at the point when 3's'".?,, with a slight alteration swallowed day question h and the question »l'»lloA\Vhatw^ldhedo with her! co of Drysdale, the prime question with WARM moment was, What does it all mean ? is'"' -not iii her way to spend much time B"'" Monier That she marvelled greatly jj vacant «"" .... long before a till, and, so a"K squeaks out, in charge of it; that K S to swim a little with the sudden ter Ver.ness of it all; that she laid t*3 5,,, downwards indulged in the least bit of a Ti e started at the clink of a coin, 3C,'i,i?=hed crimson as on looking up, she saw saw "well as bewildered as herself, gazing ' ht unwonted apparition and that she '" , little more believing when in a short age," in un from the boat with as snug a line w-ikfast as man or woman could E ? and placed it beside her, was all the' stars That she ate it, was more "a?? bill' ' But the ease with which, having naturally ? mastered the situation, and trauB ?!?"1 herself suddenly into a busy and very 1 .,, t durne dc compton; was more than "ftIt was supernatural. . _ are were many wild remarks made in the ; that day and some startling theories pro total is reading her. Those who had not pw0"" lifeline and those whose co-voyager of" the river she had sometimes been, corn- at that and tried to explain her. Some PI 5,;..,! to explain her away. But however IS tories of her might differ, the admiration unanimous, and as loud as unanimous. i best of all was little Barclay, who declared warfare upstanding" (he had not seen her thine) "high-stepping" (he had not seen her of K' "wit and out'' (he had not seen her 5 in "rhV'-taued" (equal reason for ignorance WA " screamed" (and he had never heard her L) He was more faithful to plain literal when he declared that her head was even 1?, beautifully set on her shoulders than that I Lady Amethystina Arrowen herself. I don their, though, if you are acquainted with little rUIv "f too Ei""-iunrk Registration Linnell. Von may know him by his size, or want of it, a hit Mick hat, and a short stick. If you do know him ask him, with my compliments, if it is not diet that there was a day in his history when. I crossed and recrossed the Brisborough river -seen times in one forenoon of it is not a fact that he asked and got change for a shilling at sick woman payment at the ferry-house?and (Whether it is true that on the sixteenth occasion a mere Scotch brute with a limp did vastly accelerate his descent to the boat in such a manner that his hat was the first announcement of Iii; re- embarkation f I should be at all surprised if he denies it. Chapter VII. A MONTH AFTER.' Stcdssboro says that the angels in heaven have no idea of time. The state of the storyteller on earth is almost equally unconditioned. He may not, certainly, leave time altogether out of account, but he can do with it very much as he pleases. He can accelerate its progress to such a degree that the turning of a loaf may disclose a new generation. Chapter First my start with the primordial atom, and Chapter Second describe the trousseau of the Lady Felicia. It is felt, therefore, to be a very moderate exercise of this power when the reader is asked, as is now the case, to recognise the fact that the chapters in this story, are a month or so older since last we met them. Mary Drysdale is a month older and a month happier. Shiress Braithwaite is a month older, but years more aggressive. Old Tom is a month older, but not a div different. Sandie Scott is a month older, but a century or two more infatuated. During the past month the last-mentioned had settled down (if that phrase may be applied to a man in love into such a system of arrangements as needed on the outside so tranquil and satins motors that it threatened to be permanent, from sheer lack of courage on his part to break it through. Up to ten o'clock in the forenoon it attended to his ferry affairs himself. Mary at at the receipt of custom from ten to six, with the exception of an hour allowed for dinner, during which interval Scott again took her place. When she left at six, he was again solo master of the situation and the evening and the morning rae another day. He had effected (but not without much mis living) one compromise with the female party of the name of Grundy. Although he had removed his stretcher, he had not given up sleeping in the little ferry-house ;. this part of his arrangements, however, being unknown to Mary. After diligent investigation in old furniture (hops he had succeeded in finding an ambiguous construction which was " a bed by night, but amid a chest of drawers by day;" and by carefully adjusting this in the morning so that no progressive corner of blanket or counterpane should betray its private character, he delicately secured the blessed privilege of dreaming all MR. iii the room that was glorified by her tal? presence. When Mary arrived in the mornings, the chest of drawers looked so upright w innocent, and the bouquets in the lobster to on the top of it (Sand- had recently conceived a violent passion for flowers so fresh and pure, and the whole room so utterly unlike wine been kept in, that she had not the re- motest notion that she spent her days in a contending bedroom, where, moreover her I'tantasm roamed all night, through the dreams of the occupant. This half-caste article of furniture, though, <?ia.6,rf disturbance to the even tenor of the late,., li was always on his "mind. " to to him like an evil child, and the distracted ?' 'via continual terror that its nocturnal overnight somehow or other leap forth into -songs! of play' Once as he had sat contem S to S Mary's dinner interval, he had 2,7 'm!,ertinent protrusion of a pillow- is'." a,? near the bottom change. From ?i","m«nt he said knew no rest. It seemed 'inquiry 6aauleleastbiuS "are bent on courting right! Upon "'! sorts of contrivances to form, a, fifth habits- For instance, one is ]<m?A "U the imaginary drawers o? f m °iva,r!0lw garden seeds, copied from the ss, s: Hocfulgs' advertisements. It was Mary is S'f therefore that on the same day, to-day ,, speculated as to how her and in ;Cf°ul(1 Possibly spend all his spare time, for 'tea Wondering where all the beautiful "t ii- i veteran' should You seemS the labels, Field P (e v. e most "natural manner in the I She had a nursery. iJni'V,!,\rconi, 'is the modest Sandie was Kia-'.:;.'ren4 aback that he blushed and It i JJ ? I've no hub-bub-bub-bairns." Un? i red that Mary Weed florid, W-,., M 6in' and rushed off to her throat"', .' but whether from smothered a *}*&&£* Laughter I am myself 'lately health' however, was unmistakable. manner in and kicked the unoffending L' Dvr ii r p sure he would turn it inside out, fish U d' r Jti "fell! but reporting that this th; Ld«'wetly to defeat his own mind, he set 'initially Esme new means whereby to A\'A;.!f state duplicity. I season to win? a moment of inspiration, he listener ,a,Pmure,wmewhat in the form of a distillery semblance of what should have a key ttl , under into which he thrust an \ f'^EvA:-ITi i he was" to "have suited ^rloz-kVifr '""Hear- Certainly, that f^*£kTlT' 33 if meant to advance and servant ? smell' and to enclose contents are. 1i-1^ort'han garden seeds. at sea'' on m' when he took his accused stated literary s. deParture in the evening, it's thence 588 a front of the drawer' l;-vl^he?dinP say bJ bary's dress-the i! Ma t: -m in.. state of suspension by a wisp * <¦'-¦¦¦¦'??bZ aFSctl mattress, into which he -said '-were L iT"6' Jt- For ten minutes ,:,i5tl ween states national beiuS- He was 25s:-'?', and inflates the at" the end assist the" Walbran E 'l to the river, " was the cf the"e tw" Produced by the opposing a «vedtuV^l^.POwerful temptation! M so free real existence: ''" - '-Hncncmg fresh failures, the poor soul bore about with him a burden of innocent secresy to which his delicate conscience lent all the specific gravity of genuine guilt. This same month, too (which we do not seem to be clearing quite so shipping as was fore tokened above), had been marked by a discovery that had greatly disturbed Sander's peace of mind. He had discovered that Mary was fear- fully avaricious 1 She had herself been the first to meet the question of wages, and when Sandie and named a weekly figure which the Supreme Architect, of Pimlico reputation, would have conceived even a smooth-faced man a lunatic to expect she had merely asked, after an interval of apparent calculation, if giving up her dinner hour would make any difference to her advantage Moreover, Sandie had been at some pains to secure a suitable abode for her, and had recommended a boarding-house kept by a friend of his own, where she could live comfortably on very reasonable terms ; but after a week's trial, she had left it for a house of a much poorer description, assigning no other reason for the change than that she couldn't afford his friend's charges. Now as these did not amount to a third of her weekly wage, it was clear that she was most loth to part with money. Further still. She had asked him one evening if there would he any harm in her bringing her sewing with her during the day and having his permission to sew as much as she liked, she appeared to him to be driving a roaring trade,? or more appropriately perhaps, a squalling trade, judging from the extremely diminutive size of most of the articles of traffic. Traffic he know it was, for he had heard more than one woman ask, in passing the ferry, when this, that, and the other would be ready; and had even once heard this dreadful, - beautiful creature refuse afresh order until she should be paid for the last 1 Yet further. The landlady of the poor lodging-house in which she now said, passing one day during Mary's dinner interval, had been strategically drawn by Sandie into conversation on the subject of her lodger, and had wound up a series of enthusiastic encomiums with the remark that it was a pity such a fine girl should be so near." Finally. One evening, after her departure home, Scott had picked up a sheet of paper minutely explored over with her slender figuring, and fancying it to be something connected with the ferry finances, had taken the liberty of scanning its contents. It turned out to be a series of arithmetical problems, of uniform purport, each one feeding to show how long it would take by a saving of so much a-week to make up A Hundred Pounds 1 In each problem she had specified n supposed weekly expenditure, and Sandie observed that she had started. with allowing herself what seemed to him the barest sum possible for subsistence, but that this was diminished in each successive problem, until the last postulate of maintenance stood thus:?" Lodging and use of kitchen fire, 3s. per week Two meals a-day, threepence each also of Italian iron?" But this was bordering upon the unknowable, so is he threw the paper down. He was appalled at this new evidence of tenacious purpose and apparently miserly calculation. It "licked him," as he phrased it, to harmonise so much sweet- ness and pensive beauty with this infatuation for lucre. He was inclined himself to look at a shilling before he spent it (save where she was concerned) but then he was a great big rough brute, within whose uncouth engagement all sorts of ugly propensities might harbor without incongruity. But she 1 why, that very day he had been thinking she looked lovelier than over, and there had been something so at once infantile and Madonna-like about her beauty that only the impossibility of making up his mind whether to pat her on the head or to drop down on his knees and pray to her had prevented him from doing either. That special spiritual glamour, too (perhaps love-created on Sander's part), that hung round her like a half-revealed nimbus environment of ethereal interest, seemed to him extremely unrelated to so-intich-a-week, and to be positively blasphemed against by the periodical cheap hire of an Italian iron I Even at the most tranquil of times, " there was a listening fear in her regard" so timorously lovely bud so bewitchingly dependent that he could not for the life of him imagine in what corner of her the hard demon of grasping avarice could find room to live at all 1 And did this diminish his love for her? Not one jot. It only lent to it a new and strange interest of awe and kept him on a kind of superstitious qui vive of vigilant wonder. It subjected his whole economy to the perpetual irritation of the inexplicable, and fostered within him a constant process of reasoning about her, that rendered her, if possible, more than over the sum and substance of his thoughts. And then, here was this Hundred Pounds cropping up again ! What place did it occupy in the story ? Was it the solution of the problem, or only one of the conditions of it? Was it the goal of her avaricious ambition, or merely her unit of parsimony ? He would willingly have paid down the sum itself, " on the nail," as he said, to know all about it. The one astute and indisputable conclusion with which his self sustained arguments invariably ended was, that " there was something insult." Once more, then, let us suppose the month gone. Sandie Scott has just brought into the ferry-house a large folding screen pasted over with a motley collection of pictures from illustrated papers. Mary Drysdale is sitting at the open window, sewing some article of mysterious import that looks like the attenuated maiden aunt of a surplice. Mary in her innocence thinks that the screen is only one of the many kind-employerly attentions to which she has now grown so accustomed that they come to her like the sunshine and the rain, an unsurprising series of beneficent vicissitudes. Sandie, on the other hand, knows better. He has tried all sorts of reformatory measures with his chest of drawers, but it looks more and more like a bed every day of its existence. This is his latest inspiration. It is to be concealed from view altogether ? lost to human perception behind Abyssinian war scenes and portrait? of prize poultry. He contemplates the effect with unmingled satisfaction. His spirit is at rest. He was busy wondering why he had not resorted to this simple device before, when he was startled by an exclamation from Mary, who, to his further astonishment and even horror, dropping the relative of the surplice on the floor, actually leaped from her seat, and took refuge behind the screen. Here was a vagary indeed I How was a young man called upon to act under circumstances like these? Scott in a numb sort of way lifted her chair and looked all about, but there was neither snake, scorpion, nor centipede to he seen. It couldn't have been a rat; he had reason to know that such rodents were no terror to her. Should he look behind the screen ? No He heard footsteps approaching. It would never do for Mrs. Grundy to catch him in the act of hunting a pretty young woman round a screen I. So he simply sat down in Mary's seat, and put on his most penny-expectant look, quite unaware that he was setting his heavy heel on the neck of-no,T'dare not. And yet it was a curious coincidence that the should happen to be passing just as he was reading one of her wedding accessories under his foot! Was it an omen ? ? " Oh, what a pretty picture gallery! do look I" said sunny Miss Porselle, as she half-lingered at the door, while Shiress Braithwaite watched the change that Scott was giving him. Shiress looked in, and remarked a kind of assenting " Humph." Good Heavens, had the picture gallery but fallen I would he have said " Humph ?" Gracious Powers, if pretty Miss Parsello had known where Sandie's heels were at that moment, would she have looked him in the face so radiantly as she passed by with a kind " Good afternoon ?" Mary's embarrassment on re-emerging was painful to witness, but a sudden influx of unusual tact inspired Sandie with an impromptu motive for her vagary. "Ab," said he, pointing to the retreating figures, "if you had not been so curious to see the pictures on the other side, you would have seen the best matched pair in Brisborbugh." " Who are they ?" asked Mary. The question, as we know, was not altogether straightforward, but if I had the settling of the destinies-of pretty girls,. I would deal leniently with their little white duplicates. "¦ "They are Mr. Braithwaite and Mr. Parselle's daughter," replied Sandie. "They are to be married in a week or two. They say Mr. Braithwaite is going to get some high Government appointment, and the wedding is to come off as soon as he is gazetted to it." " Oh," said Mary, but it was a feeble expression 1 of the rush of thought and feeling that made it a difficult for her to conceal her trembling. ] " They do say, too," continued Scott as he resigned her place to her, still wondering in his mind, but persisting in his narrative in order to cover her confusion, " that he is to have a lot of money with her. Her governor was dead ] against the match for awhile you never saw ] Mr. Braithwaite, I suppose ?" Interval of one penny, which saved Mary from ] perhaps another white deception. " Everybody thinks him uncommonly fine looking," ran on Sandie, "and I suppose that gained the day with Miss Parselle, who will have him. But Mr. Parselle, though he keeps up appearances, hates him, and they say he would break off the match even yet if he could." "Ah?" gasped Mary, with a look on her face he had never before seen, and that set him wondering more and more. It was not quite a nice look-, he thought; and the "Ah?" sounded like an eager grasp at something unexpected. Then Mary caught hot-self looking so earnestly at his face that she hastened to cover her tremulous interest in his story by catching up the forgotten garment, and making as if she would resume her work. But she couldn't do it now. No ; she couldn't saw that. The woman who had brought her the work had told her the name and the purpose. It was "rough" on Mary to have to sew that I " Fact;" resumed the narrator, through whose mind strange flickering of ho- kuew-not-what were dancing with shadows equally undefinable. " And the strange thing is, nobody knows who Mr. Braithwaite is, or where he comes from; and folk say that when Mr. Parselle put it to him, he said he meant to stand on his own merits, and would take no credit from birth, though he could if he would. He refused to say move than that he is an English gentleman?" " English gentleman I why?" Interval of twopence, and two and fourpence of change, which just saved the startled Mary from betraying herself. "What did you say, Miss Drysdale ?" asked Sandie, tho flickerings d aucing with the shadows more wildly than ever, and himself struggling between his own roused curiosity and his delicate desire to cover her visible excitement. " Nothing. How do you know all this, Mr. Scott ?" "I know a deal of it from one of the waiters at Mr. Pursello's club. He has often heard the gentlemen discussing the match. The father and daughter, it seems, have still great wars about it. You see, she has her mother's money in her own right, and is of age. She fights fair, though. ' Prove him false, papa,' she says,' and then tell me to give him up. And what do you think? Only last night Mr. Parselle himself was heard to say, ' I'd give a hundred pounds willingly to anyone who would tell me between this and the wedding day who that fellow is I'" "A hundred pounds!" cried Mary, suddenly starting up, and again letting the obnoxious task work fall to the ground. " And when did you say the wedding day is to be ?" CHAPTER VIII. AN ACCIDENT?) SiiniESS Braithwaite and Miss Parsollo passed on in their radiance of, an elegant embodiment of perfection of fit; she, a light moving summer cloud with a cherub face looking over the top of it. They were both very happy; he, proudly and somewhat exclusively so ; she, smilingly, airily, distributively. Which of us, mile or female, would not be happy too, proceeding in company with the affianced to look at a pretty house a little way out of town with a view to combined habitation ? This past mouth had been a particularly successful one with Shiress. He had been much in " Society," and everywhere with conspicuous acceptance. He had made himself favorably noticeable too in various spheres besides the merely social. As Honorary Secretary to the Society for the Acclimatisation of Drugopans his name was continually before the public in advertisements and reports. As foremost champion of the Anti-Bathurst-Durr League he had made himself the idol of nil squatterdom. His brilliant pamphlet on " The Necessity for Codification of the Laws which regulate the Punctuation of Acts of Parliament had won him golden opinions from all sorts and sizes. His public lecture on the Esoteric Poetry of Pring's Statutes had attracted attention even beyond the colony. He had, as Scott had correctly stated, secured the promise of a valuable Government appointment. And finally, he had wonder Miss Parselle had won for him? the paternal assent to his union with a bride whom he loved pretty well, in dot which he loved better, and a social position which he loved best. What more could he want 1 And Miss Parselle Well; she was to have her self-existent divinity all to herself, and was now on the way to look at the temple where she meant to enshrine him. What more could she want? At a short distance from the ferry they found a spruce dogcart waiting for them, in charge of a boy who carried in front a perfect firmament of buttons. Then the diaphanous form, after a delicious gathering of skirts which showed that Summer clouds may have feet (and pretty ones, too), anticipating superfluous assistance, rose airily from the ground; caused one instant of delicate equilibrium ; settled lightly aloft in voluminous exuberance; condensed herself on one side to make room for her lover; cried "Oh I" quite charmingly when the sudden weight of the ascending buttons made the least bit of a till from behind throw out a volume or two more of skirt; moved the little cherub chin once or twice down and along in a pretty preening way, as if to make all nice and smooth in that direction ; gave a rather uncloiidlike hitch or two, with a view more to comfort than grace; threw out a final convolution of snowy cumulus ; looked up in Shiress' face, and said, "All right now, dear Oh, enviable Shiress! Oh, happy summer cloud 1 Oh, the pity of it, boys, the pity of it I So, Shiress driving, they went spinning along parallel to the river, and everything looked so radiant and joyous that surely the old croakers who described the world as lying in wickedness must have lived in some other world than this. The discordant barking and cowardly feints of onslaught from innumerable outrushing dogs, which seemed to take special offence at the idea of a dogcart, were the only signs of wickedness perceptible. Unless you call it wicked in a shuffling,' shambling old man, following in the wake of a dray-load of furniture, to cross the road just at right angles to the line of direction of their vehicle, totally ignoring its rapid advance. Unless you consider it wicked of him, when at length he did. descry what was all but on him, to suddenly stand stock still, pass his hand rapidly across his eyes as if driving away a dream, throw up his arms and shout "Shire" He was down.? Had Shiress meant to do it? Miss Parselle with a loud scream had put her hands on his while yet there was time, and, certainly, he had had somewhat the appearance of pulling in. But then those dogs 1 "Curse those dogs!" said Shiress, inwardly blessing the whole canine race. The dog is a useful animal. A few yards more, and, apparently with great effort, the vehicle was stayed. Shiress, pale and very tremulous for so potent a divinity, threw the reins to Buttons, and, charging his companion not to move, leaped down and ran back to the scene of accident. " Is he dead 1 Is he dead I" was his inward cry, and more than half shapen hope. There was already crowd, about the senseless body. " It's poor Old Tom I" cried one and another, as, with angry looks at Shiress, and murmured execrations against "swells" And "snobs," they carried the inert burden into the nearest house. " Is he dead ? Is he dead ?" Shiress followed them into the house, and saw the old man laid upon the bed. His unmistakable concern conciliated the crowd. He succeeded in getting rid of the greater number of them, and sent off in various directions for medical assistance. " Is he dead? Is he dead?" In a tumult of hope and fear he sat down by the bed, holding the old man's wrist. Once and again, when he thought he felt a faint pulsations, his own heart seemed to stop beating, and in- voluntarily his fingers clenched tightly on the wrist, as if to quench the smoking flax. One by one the strangers left him, and he found himself alone. Why should he not make sure ? A little pressure on the heart. The woman of the house entered. "Ah, it's no use feeling there, sir. We'll know the look of death. Poor old Tom 1" and then, womanlike, she began to apologise for the poverty of the room. She was a poor widow woman ; she had a hard struggle, and if it were not for a lodger or two, so., as Shiress had not noticed the appearance of the room, but as she spoke he began mechanically to look around. It was a poor bare room, certainly; but clean and tidy. A few articles of feminine apparel hanging inside the door, with the usual limp look of feckless lateral collapse, showed the sex of the proper occupant. A packing-case turned upon end its real nature insufficiently disguised by a scant drapery of chintz, formed the dressing-table on which, leaning against the wall, was a pane of looking-glass with very straggling capabilities of reflection. By the side of this was a prottily-bound New Testament, and it was on it that the eye of Shiress rested. The old woman had finished her melancholy plaint. She was gone, and the coast was clear again. It might not be murder at all. Assuredly he was as good as dead already But that Book! What had taken possession of him now He found himself, he knew not why, thinking of a pretty country church in a quaint old graveyard, and there came over him a was of Sabbath bells, and a wind of solemn psalms, and the sighing of willows over quiet resting-places. What had taken him now I He dropped the old man's wrist, seized the book, and opened it h, yes There it was. To Mary Drysdale, a token of love from Shiress Braithwaite. What a day was this! Of all places in the world, why had fate brought them here 1 Could he do this thing with the Book of Life in his hand 1 And in Mary's chamber I Hardly knowing what he was doing, he tore out the testimony of his better days, and just then the old man breathed audibly, and a doctor entered, and Shiress, turning suddenly round, saw that Miss Parselle, too, was there, looking over his shoulder, white, and ghost-like. Had she seen any thing? he could not tell. Perhaps it was only the sight of the cadaverous tiling on the bed that had shocked her so. She was already bending over it, her hands clasped, and her whole soul apparently hanging upon the result of the doctor's examination. It was authoritatively pronounced that Old Tom would live. He had merely sustained a severe shock. No, there were no bones broken. He had fallen clear of the wheels. But at whatever risk of inconvenience, he must not be moved. This good woman will wait on him. The lodger? Well, she must just be a good Samaritan, too. All right, sir; we'll not talk of money just yet. You may be quite easy, Altogether it is very fortunate very fortunate. Have you pen and ink at hand, Misses ? No paper, did you say ? Do you happen, sir yes, thanks, a card will do,?Shiress had not meant to give it, but the fact was he did not know very well what he was doing just then ; not even that as he took out the card the obnoxious fly-leaf fluttered to the floor. They did not go to see their future house that day. By mutual consent they drove homeward, although by another route. It was a very quiet drive. Shiress was oppressed by the dull foreboding sensation of a power stronger than himself working against him. That his uncle and himself and Charmian (Charmian was pretty Miss Parselle's pretty music) should be brought together so strangely, and that in Mary Drysdale's room, looked marvellously as if fate were closing in around him. What had he done, he asked himself again and again, that he should become a mark for hostile fate ? Nothing ; but it was strongly borne in upon him this day, not what he had done, but what he wagged elaborate he. Yes ; it was a very quiet drive. Charmian, but for occasional ejaculations of pity for the unfortunate victim of the accident, was ominously silent. He was eagerly fain to know if she had read the inscription on the gift of his boy- love. If she had not, all might be well yet; only, there was that horrid conjuncture of Mary and his uncle being thrown together. Would they recognise each other? It was only too clear that his uncle had at least flashes of recollection. He ground his teeth as he thought of so many perturbing possibilities. In all the perplexity of his situation, he saw but one thing clearly that it was very hard, infernally hard, damnably hard. " Shiress," said Charmian with startling ab- ripeness, as they neared her home ; " when will you call to see how the poor old man gets on ?" Tomorrow." Not sooner)" " No ; I have an engagement for this evening. Besides, the doctor said we might be quite easy on the subject" " I wonder who lodges in that room, Shiress!" "I did not hear the name." Suddenly the scent of a new danger made itself perceptible to him. What if she went there herself! He knew she was a warm-hearted impulsive little thing, and given even to eccentricities of benevolence. " I will call this evening if you wish it, Charmian." " No, no ; never mind ; to-morrow will do," Shiress felt more comfortable. Surely that was settled at any rate. Another pause and again abruptly:? " Shiress." " Yes, Charmian ?" " I wonder, who lives in that room we were in ?" " I did not hear the name. But, why ?" " She must be very poor." The remark was not a cheerful one either in substance or tone, nm) yet Shiress took comfort from it. She could not have spoken in this way if she had seen the inscription. He parted with her at her father's door with the keen relish of escape. Fate, then, was not so unerringly ingenious as he had supposed. Fate might be burned even yet. A fig for Fate I He would not have felt so confident of escape had he seen Charmian in her own room five minutes afterwards with the fly-leaf spread out before her on her dressing-table, weeping as if her heart would break; a summer cloud dissolved in rain. Her god, her god I Oh, had he only spoken She had twice given him the opportunity, but he had put it aside. Oh, if he had only said, "I once loved another, but I love her no longer: ask me no questions;"' she thought she could have got over that, and respected his secret. Yes ; all men had their secrets, she had been told ; why not Shiress as well as another ? But what if his were of such a nature as he could not well explain to her Strange to say, she actually saw a gleam of possible comfort in this last conjectural phase. We are not looking in, be it remembered, on the coherent workings of a mighty mind, but merely on the confused ramblings of a poor impulsive wounded heart. As she thought that possibly Shiress might only have been a little wild, she raised her weeping head, and the floods of sorrow were for a moment stayed. Doubtless, Oh madam, I ought to record that when she now " threw back her throat of carven pearl," it was overspread with the deepening flush of maiden indignation, that forehead and cheek were similarly o'ercriinsoned, and her very shoulders glowing with outrage through their gossamer covering. Alas that a man should be compelled to tell the truth I What Charmian did see in the mirror before her when she threw back her head, was the smallest conceivable twitch in one of the corners of her mouth, which she herself knew perfectly well was the embryo of a smile. The idea you know, of her Buperexcellent Shiress having been just the least little bit wild But it wouldn't do to smile. Oh no. It would be very naughty indeed of him. So she arrested the germination of the smile, and set her lips firmly, and shook her head, and looked down. And looking down, she saw the inscription once more. Ah, this was something worse than wildness worse, at least, to bear. It said as plain as it could speak, a token of love" And. now she. recalled. to mind the girl on board the emigrant vessel. Had this anything to do with her She tried in vain to remember how Shiress had explained away that little matter. It had been something very vague; something, she thought, about the child of one of the sailors of the vessel he had come out in when a mere boy is but something, at any rate, which in her famous state of enamoured ecstasy had satisfied her, and been forgotten." Hill now that beautiful face would swim in between her and comfort. " A token of love." And it was a prayer-book, or hymn-book, or something of that sacred sort. Ah, it was something more serious than mere wildness! There was no date on the inscription, and the hand was much like what he now wrote. Was it an old story ? or were there two loves running parallel, a false and a true! And the little frame quivered when the question came, which of the two was hers ? And what would her papa say if anything of this ever came to his ears ? Would he not pounce upon it, and sift it, and extract from it the uttermost farthing's worth of whatever truth in it might be derogatory to her idol ? What was it that poor old man had shouted - In all the tumult of subsequent horror she had forgotten that till now. He had seemed to recognise Shiress, and had her ears deceived her of Was he not in the act of naming him just as he fell No, no, surely she was mistaken in this she had been nervous, and even horror struck at the time ; she was nervous still: she would stop thinking now about these things : she was only making herself ill all men have secrets : of course, all men love secrets: it was the shock of the accident that was making things look so gloomy. But that girl again. How was it she was so poor ? And Shiress wouldn't acknowledge that he knew even the name. Did he allow this poverty knowingly ? Did he know that the poor thing was reduced to a looking-glass like that (What a looking-glass!) Had she not sometimes herself suspected that Shiress was just a little just a very little not quite so glowing hearted as she would like her divinity to be OF horror! If that old man should turn out to be some connection I Oh papa 1 papa 1 Oh dear, things were beginning to look very gloomy again. She must not think, she must not think any more! She would be ill?ill?ill And again the summer cloud dissolved in bitter rain, and a voice was heard crying, " Oh, no! no I no I I cannot give him up 1 I cannot give him up!" [TO III: CONTINUED J 