STOCK AND STATION MEMS. Apropos of explorations, a Mr. Brockman, a settler of Western Australia, has been penetrating the mysteries which lie hidden betweeu Murchison and Nickol Bay. and has permitted Government to print portions of Lis diarv. These describe a large, well-watered, and xplendidlvgrassed, but hitherto untraversed country, with every indication of a land rich in minerals. Mr. Brockman picked up some splendid specimens of copper ana lead on a mineral ridge near the Henry River. He also found large quantities of octangular crystals, beautifully clear, resembling Sydney diamonds. With regard to the botanical features of Western Australia, the explorers found native melons, figs, yams, and wild tobacco in abundance. Altogether, the country is enchanting, presenting but one drawback as a settlement for the enterprising colonist. This drawback is the hostility of the aboriginal natives, who are fierce, and more like wild animals than human beings. These lords of the soil were disposed to give their visitors anything but a hospitable welcome. They carried spears with fresh barbs ten inches long. Their wommeras were neatly carved and ornamented, Mr. Brockman sent them flying with a discharge of firearms, which will hardly conciliate their favor, or make tlieiu more affably inclined towards strangers. The Warrego correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, writting under date November 11, savs —The drought continues, and appearances at pre sent are much worse than last year at commencement of summer, for then there was a spring in the grass, whereas now there is not the ghost of such a thing. The heat is fearful. The quicksilver for the last ten days bus registered an average of 105° in the shade—maximum 110 u minimum 102°. These readings are from thermometers in Charleville and on the Paroo and Bulloo. If rain does not come soon, it will be very disastrous for a large number of persons in this district. Out west the water is failing rapidly, and many squatters on the Bulloo and Paroo are already " dried out," and have had to travel their stock. Heat, flies, and dust are too severe to allow me to say any more. 