MR. mriNO's MACBETH. (FROM A LONDON CORRESPONDENT ) It would be difficult to pronounce positively upon the comparative effervescence of curiosity, interest, and excitement which attended the first representation at the Ly cream Theatre of "Macbeth," with Mr. Irving in the title role, and that which marked the production of "Hamlet" a year previous. There was one important difference indeed. On the former occasion, Mr. Irving had to make it plain to a London audience that he could play a Shaksperian part at all, not to speak of the masterpiece of Shakspeare's genius. On the present occasion no such necessity had any existence, and the question in the mouth of all play-going, play-loving people was, simply "What will he make of Macbeth? Will it be equal to his Hamlet ?" Many were the speculations and discussions to which the delightful prospect of the winter season at the Lyceum gave rise, and it was quite amusing to hear persons talking about what they particularly wanted to see Mr. Irving do in the character of the murderous Thane. I had a strong desire to see how he would differentiate the overwhelming sense of supernatural awe in Macbeth from the overwhelming sense of supernatural awe in " Hamlet ;" by what opposition of face, voice, and gesture he would realise the opposition in the situations, between the mourn- ing, suspicious son, who sees the ghost of the beloved father, charged with a terrible message of doom, but not to him, except inferentially, and the monstrous murderer, who has been hurrying down the steep declivities of crime, and sees the ghost of his freshly killed victim, in the scene which represents the height and culmination of his own evil success; between the clear conscience and the guilt-laden one between the gentle, irresolute nature and the ruthlessly savage nature, accessible, however, to craven fear, which Macbeth's becomes after the murder of Duncan, We were assured that the conception of the play, the mise en scene, the costumes, the arrangements of every kind were to be abso. lately novel, and everybody predicted an immense success for Mrs, Crowe as Lady Macbeth. The actress who had interpreted Leah and Medea as she had interpreted them must be designed by nature for the part of the terrible woman who is a ruthless in crime, so pathetic in misery, and so true to nature in her inconsistent remorse. Ex- pectation was on tiptoe, and the first night" places were striven for with the usual eagerness. The house presented a more than usually brilliant appearance in consequence of the repairs, attractions, and redecoration which had been executed since the last season closed, and which had been very badly wanted. The entire removal of the orchestra-the little music which is retained being given from the wings and under the stage gives a good deal of additional room, and the cleanliness is quite refreshing. Everybody arrived in good time, and the usual serried ranks of well-known faces were to be scanned from the boxes. One familiar face was missing, whose absence did not fail to provoke regretful comment. Mr. Bateman is no more to be seen in the manager's box or at the stage entrance, eagerly receiving the congratulations of the audience, but passing them on to him." "Splendid, indeed," "Nothing could be finer," and hundreds of similar phrases were spoken to Mr. Bateman on the first night of "Hamlet" as his innumerable acquaintances trooped by, but he had the same words on his lips for all, "Go and tell him to; go and see him," until the behind scenes was black with crowding figures, in the midst of which stood the Prince of Denmark, as if surrounded by a court On the first night of "Macbeth" the press, the arts, the pro- fessions, and the fashionable world were all brilliantly represented, though for some it is the long vacation, and for others "out of the season.'' Some of the faces which every- body knows were in the stalls, novelists, editors, painters, critics, litterateurs, very few actors, of course, because they are almost all busy at their respective theatres, but before the close of the play they began to drop in, having hurried down from their houses immediately on the conclusion of their tasks, to see the one who has shot so far ahead of them all in the supreme moment of the discomfiture and defeat at Dunsinane and the deadly conflict with Macduff. There are divided opinions among the critics and the general public as to the excellence of the performance as a whole, but there is no diversity concerning the final scene, which Mr. Irving's fellow actors came in time to witness ; it is acknowledged on all hands to be quite magnificent. On the rising of the curtain, a murmur of delight testified to the general admiration of the scenery, which represented a desert place, as set down in the text, with the sail- ing figures of the three witches, admirably costumed, weird, and effective. Somehow, one always feels that there must be a touch of the ridiculous in the introduction of the witches in our time, though there was no danger of the kind in Shakspeare's, when the incantation and the cauldron, with all the imaginative power and intense malignity displayed in the weaving and the ingredients of the spell, were really terrible to the popular imagination. This risk is, however, happily escaped at the Lyceum, and the witches pass without raising a smile, and convince everybody that the witchcraft business is as well done as it possibly can be. Indeed, one's attention is captivated by the haggard, fantastical hideousness of the three, and the admirable gloom and rugged ness of the heath which has succeeded to the desert place, with a blood-red sunset steeping it in a lurid light. In that scene the key-note of the piece, as conceived by Mr. Irving, is struck, as it is in Shakspeare's text. We are in the presence, either oppressively and vividly, or sug- gestive and dimly felt, of the super- natural all through. Macbeth is a haunted man, just as Hamlet is a haunted man, and the evil presence is viever removed. Macbeth and Banquo enter very quietly, after the mail-clad troops, in costume which is at least picturesque, if there be not much to say of or its correctness, and for a moment the mailed figure in the bright winged helmet, with a battle-axe upon its shoulder, is not recognised. The next he has spoken-the first words of the great general, and the house is ringing with such cheers and calls and shouts as make the listener's heart beat fast with the mere excitement of them. What must they mean to the cause and object of them all. People said Mr. Irving was very nervous indeed to me it did not appear so, beyond the intense nervous excitement of the part he was represent- ing in so absolutely novel a manner, and the quiver which was easily discernible in his face and body, I regarded as belonging to Macbeth, not to him-if, indeed, one could separate them in fancy, in the tremendous truth of it all; but he has certainly never before looked so well upon the stage. The pole beauty of his face, much set off by a small moustache, was exceedingly striking, and every moment it seemed to gain in intensity and variety of expression and the power of the black eyes, which literally blaze with passion at times, and again are quenched in the paroxysms of despair and terror, has never made itself so fully felt. One asks oneself again and again, can it be possible that any other farmer has ever been so awfully eloquent as this one, which makes one's flesh creep with its abject terror, its deadly anguish, its haunted haggardness, its gnawing despair - In the banquet scene, it reminds one of Dante's images of the dwellers in Dis, or Beckford's terrible King in the Hall of Eblis. It is the face of a lost spirit, with everlasting fear for the companion of its imprisonment. Its picturesque beauty is in the last scene terribly grand, and with all the additions of a flexible skirt of golden mail, and nether attire which leaves the slim figure very free in its wild, restless movements, rising ever to the marvellous savageness of the Girl fight, the personal attractions of the great actor are displayed to perfection. As for the reading" of the play, it is always batter, always the surest method of getting the greatest enjoyment out of a play of Shakspeare's, to forget, deliberately and of set purpose, everything that the commentators have said about it, and to read it "as 'it was writ," before going to see it interpreted by a real artist Having done this, I believe that I saw in Mr. Irving the real Macbeth, the detestable and bloody villain, the execrable tyrant, the vacillating coward, and the pathetically eloquent self-examiner and cross-questioned of his own moods which the world's poet meant him, saw him to be, Never, within the knowledge of the play, is Macbeth the gallant soldier and generous man that Duncan and the others talk of that is a tradition ; his demoralisation has begun before the play begins, and he is a criminal in design when first we see him. Mr. Irving's wonderful mastery of this great part seems to me largely to consist in the fact that he makes Macbeth an object of abhorrence from first to last, and yet wrings our hearts all through with a dreadful pity for the mental anguish of the murderer, who almost loves, and certainly envies, his first august victim, and seems to find a horrid relief in the final paroxysms of passion which touch insanity from the brooding devil in his breast There is a double process of rotting going on is the man before our faces; the intellectual part of him is rotting under the influence of his superstitious terror and faith ; the moral part of him is rotting under the influence of impunity in crime and irresponsibility in power, the sense of general hatred and suspicion, and his own graceless remorse. Nothing could be finer than the carrying out of this concep- tion ; it grows upon one's perception on seeing the play for the second and third time, and is entirely, absolutely convincing. In one respect I am at a disadvantage as to forming a judgment of this performance ; I have no standard of comparison in my mind, no preceding Macbeth with whom to compare Mr. Irving's, for I never saw the tragedy performed before ; but many persons to whom I have spoken about it assure me that his conceptions are quite unlike any stage tradition of the wicked Thane. I can only say that it is what I have always imagined Macbeth to have been, a bloody miscreant, of a metaphysical turn of mind, and unredeemed by courage, except when backed up by numbers, and with " a spur to prick the sides of his intent." Taking the tragedy scene by scene, the number of fine effects and salient points to be noticed would far exceed the space at my disposal, but I think all present on the first night were most deeply impressed by the scene immediately after the murder of Duncan. The face of the murderer as he emerges from the curtained doorway into the presence of his fiendish, resolute, contemptuous wife, the red-stained daggers in his blood dyed hands, is something which no words could give the least idea of the awfulness of it falls upon the audience like a spell ; an intense stillness pervades the house, while he gives vent to his terror, his despair, and his wife chides, yet helps him, as she is made to do in what is surely the most wonderful situation ever conceived for two human beings by a human brain ; but when at last she drags him out, a shrinking, powerless creature, as the tremendous knock- ing rouses the castle, and we catch the last look of the awful face, and hear the heart liver anguish of the words. "Wake, Duncan, with thy knocking ! I would thou couldst 17-the spell is broken, and a loud shout of rapturous applause carries upon it the pent-up breath of the multitude. in the famous banquet scene, Mr. Irving fully satisfied all the expectation with which I looked for the differentiation of the ghost seeing. Nothing could be more unlike Hamlet's awe than Macbeth's abject fear, than the craven deprecation of his, "Thou can'st not say I did it!" and his gesture and action when he dashes off the diadem of scarlet velvet and gold (which becomes him immensely, crowning his pale face and blazing gloomy eyes with a circlet, which makes one think of the king of hell), and, flinging his mantle between his face and the horrid apparition of the murdered Banquo, sinks down at the foot of the Queen's chair of state, are unsurpassable in their expression of unendurable agony. A marked improvement in Mr. Irving's management of his voice, and in his method of pronouncing certain words, is perceptible in the present performance, and although his voice has the incurable defect of want of depth, it has gained very much in flexibility. He gave many of the soliloquies with deep pathos and a quiet effect which contrasted favourably with his former too studied and emphatic manner, and indeed, I thought, though I am not supported in my opinion, that he only failed once to strike exactly the right chord of feeling and meaning. It was in the famous speech, "Bring forth men children only," Le, which is surely meant to be said easily, in an irrepressible impulse of Macbeth's admiration, even in that dark and terrible hour, for the dauntlesses of his wife, and not to be declaimed, as though it were a public testimony to her valour. This jarred on my ear, but nothing else, though the fourth act is exceedingly trying, and only that it would be impossible, one would wish that Macbeth's interview with the witches should be omitted. It J B, it can never fail to be, a dangerous bordering on the ludicrous, but Mr. Irving saved it by his great dignity, his passionate earnestness, and the air of entire conviction with which he watched the charm working, and saw the procession of Banquo's children defile before him. A good deal of the extremely picturesque effect of the play is due to the taste and variety of his costumes, which are cleverly designed to suit him to perfection. The kilt and the plaid are both rejected, and, armour in two acts, a beautiful dress of a composite kind, neither jerkin nor pour point, but a little of both in the castle scene, varied by a yellow chamber-gown, most artistically draped, somewhat in the Julius Caesar style ; a splendid royal robe of scarlet with close-fitting "famine, mystic, wonderful," underneath it a hunting costume, in which purple and black are the chief tints; and, lastly, the splendid attire of the last fell struggle-make up an unusual number of dresses and changes. But they are not too many. Each is most effective, and "costume" is not an intrusive feature at all. If one were to say what is the most perfect utter- ance of Mr. Irving in this part, it would probably be conceded that it is his words to the doctor of physic when he questions him concerning the health of his patient. The intense, weary, haggard mournfulnesB of the face as he listens to the physician's reply " Not so Back, my lord, As she is troubled with thick coming fancies That keep her from her coat ;" and the terrible yearning sorrow in his voice as, laying his hand on the leech's shoulder, he BoyS, "Keepher from that;" and then goes on to speak the famous lines which follow, can never have been exceeded in effect, I am sure. The interest, which drops in the fourth act, rises to a most exciting pitch in the last and when Macbeth is brought to bay upon the battlements, the awful rage, the blas- theming despair, the fury which hails the conviction that the superstitious aids he reckoned on have played him false, the sickening touch of horrified remorse which induces him to refuse to fight with Macduff, the almost idiotic glare of defeat and amaze- ment which changes to savage passion at Macduff's taunts, and the terrific reality of the fight, which again hold the audience spell-bound, make up a performance impossible to forget. The death struggle is almost too harrowing, and I feel certain, should the success of the tragedy demand so long a run as "Hamlet" had that Mr. Irving could not meet that demand. I don't believe any man living could play Macbeth as he plays it for 200 nights con- secutively. The universal question : is the Macbeth equal to the Hamlet will be answered in each individual case according to the taste of the individual. According to mine it is, but that is a different thing to holding that the one play will be as successful as the other. " Hamlet " is the most interesting play in the world ; " Mac- beth " is perhaps the most terrible ; but everybody does not enjoy the terrible. There are many people who think that they are bidden to "aup" too "full of horrors," however grandly conveyed, in "Macbeth." Of the other actors in the play, with the exception of Miss Bateman (Mrs. Crowe), there is nothing to be said. They all play their parts equally ill. Of Mrs. Crown a Lady Macbeth I have also heard various opinions, but I admire it very much indeed. She lacks height for the part, but her face, with its strong resemblance to the tragic mask of ancient classical drama, in perfect. Her area tained intensity in the first and second acts, and the wonderful naturalness of the sleep walking scene, struck me as being very fine indeed. She marks that subtle and beautiful Shaksperian point where the man and the woman change places, where the bolder spirit sinks under the fear that is of and for him who was the weaker, until crime and despair lend him their terrible strength. with most delicate and effective skill, and in the banquet scene her tact and tenderness when the guests dismissed, Macbeth falls into a daze, and forgets all about them, are as affecting as her fierce scorn and impatient passion in the murder scene are terrible and impressive. 