TIRE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, Febrdaiiy 18. Mr GARBr.TT, in answer to Mr Piddington, said that with regard to tho return ordered by the House on tbei 1st February, showing the quantity and value of tbo Crown'lands sold in the years 1871 to 1875 inclusive; in tho' following districts, namely,' 'AJburyy'Corown; Deniliquin, Guudagai, Mitchell, Moama, Tirana, Tnmiit, Wagga, nnd ltalranald, to be laid upon tho table of the House, every effort was being made to ,,.nmrn it. na n*f-ll na nthpr rntiirnn 1 but ib w.ia miit.e impossible for him to say when he should bo ablo to lay it on the table. No further business affecting the interests of these districts has occupied tho attention of tho Parliament. We (' S. II. Herald ') uro informed that tho Fitzroy blast furnace is at woik, making ex cellent pi» iron with coko made from Bulli coal. The furnace is ut work, and produces upwards of 100 tons of excellent pig iron per week, and the quantity is increasing daily, and will certainly reach 150 tons iii a few weeks. With a regular supply of coke, whiuh can be obtained from Bulli, if tho Government will charge reasonable railway rate3, or with coko made at the cnal lands purchased by XI r David Smith, the late manager, within 31 miles of the furnace, theso works enn supply all the iron and railway bars required by the colonies, and to effect this the additional works can be erected within 18 months. A tekiubls occurrence happened on the Thames nearly opposite Gravesend. About eight o'clock in the morning, the old wooden training ship Goliab, with nenrly 500 boys on board, took fire from the upset of a pnr.-ifmc lamp. In half nn hour the entire deck was in flames, floats were at once lowered, nnd as sistance speedily arrived from the Chichester ami Are th lisa. At the last momont Captain Botichier, his wife, and two daughters,1 leaped from a height of twenty-five feet into the river, and were picked up by boats. The schoolmaster nnd eleven boys are missing. Tbo escape of the rest was wonderful. The ship burned down to tho water's edge. A new coal-mining company with Mel bourne capital has been formed to work some of the Shoalhaven coal seams. A tramway line is now being surveyed from the mines to Jervis Bay; A vicry heavy fall of rain has occurred in the Lachlan district, and the country in that part is assuming a more healthy appearance. The days of Hill End's glory appear to havo departed with n vengeance. Some' time ago the place was able to support two news papers. The Observer first gave way, and now the ' Hill End Times ' has given up the ghost, in consequence of the miserable encou ragement tho business men of the placo gavo to it. ? A huriucank occurred at Exmouth Gulf, on December 29th, lasting forty-eight hours, two pearling crafta foundered, and sixty-two persons including six Europeans. weredrowned. A testimonial valued at ;£80O hns been presented to the Rev. Dr. McGibbtm, of Sydney. A man named Sattlor hns been committed for trinlWa charge i-f stealing a diamond ring in Sydney wnfth £80. Sir Chakles.Gavan Duffy is expected to arrive at Melbourne on the 7th of March next. An account of a shipwreck ten j-enrs ago in tho neighbourhood of the North-west Cape is related by a native, who states that the crew and passengers wero slain and eaten ; the vossel is supposed to be the missing schooner Emma, which left. Port Walcott, with fifty persons, in 1807. According to late returns the number of sheep depastured in the Hay district exceed 4,000,000. ? 