A DAY IN THE IMMIGRANTS' HOME. BY A VAGABOND. What is a home? Turning to the dictiona- ries I find it variously described as "a place of constant residence;" "One's own house, one's private dwelling;" "One's own country." Or I am told that the real mean- ing of the Anglo-Saxon Hâm or Hæm is "a place where one dwells together: the dwel- ling or abode of our feelings and affections;" and this latter definition appears to be the one which generally we understand when we talk of our home. As Dryden says, it is "The sacred refuge of our life, Secur'd from all approaches but a wife." And another poet "Home's not merely four square walls, Hung with pictures, framed and gilded; Home is where affection calls Where our fondest hopes are builded." And so I think the Immigrants' Home is misnamed. Certainly, as a place of constant residence, it is not the home desired by im- migrants, or to be pointed out as a great inducement to bring people 12,000 mile across the sea to settle in Victoria. It is not their own house or private dwelling, and if people dwell together there it cannot be said to be the abode of their affections. In the words of the earliest of English poets, Robert of Gloucester, "Homelyche and soorte clothes wseth he" as I walked down Swanston-street the other day, en route for the Immigrants' Home, with my "fondest hopes," built not on the affec- tions, but a stronger passion, desire of food and shelter. Civilisation has its disadvantages. In savage state man readily builds himself home, be it only a mud one. I am worse off than the savage. I know how bridges an railways should be built, but if set to work to make a mud hut, I am afraid I should make a poor job of it. These disadvantages extend also to the domesticated animals. Rising from the pools in the Govern- ment Domain I see hundreds of wild ducks, which, rejoicing in their freedom make their nests in the reeds and pampas grass, and obtain an easy subsistence from the waters, increasing and multiplying after their kind. On the embankment sloping from the bridge lies a wretched cur, meanest of all his tribe, mangy, and ophthal- mic. He coils up in the dust a few feet from the road, trying to sleep. I speak a few kind words to him, and he opens his bleary eyes, and rising, limps off a yard further. Poor dog, he does not appear to re- cognise the kindly tone of the human voice. He has heard it but to curse and abuse him. Frightened of man, and yet afraid to trust himself far from human habitations, the pariah dog of our streets hungry and homeless, seems a strange satire on our civilisation. In a state of nature, the dog would make himself a lair, and would prey upon weaker animals, according to the doctrine of the survival of the fittest. Civilisation seems to press hardly on the outcasts, both man and dog. Strange that they should have such a love of life as to cling to it amidst all their sufferings. Euthanasia, I am afraid, will never become popular amongst les miserables, although, if it could be introduced successfully amongst them, it would certainly solve a good many difficult problems. Before the commencement of the late un- pleasantness in the United States, if a southern gentleman could have been shown the Viceregal palace as it now stands, he would have said, "Elegant! Yes; almost as good as our Governor's house at Columbia; and these, I reckon, are the niggers' quarters." For, planted just at his gates, the iron and wooden sheds which form the Immigrants' Home seem to a stranger to be an appanage of the Go- veinor's establishment. I believe it was proposed a short time back to remove the home, but I suppose it is left in its presen- situation that it may serve as a useful warn- ing to succeeding Governors of the vanity of human endeavours as exemplified in its inmates, and the reward of merit as shown in their own cases. But a pistol shot from the ragged tramp sleeps the governor, arbiter of life and death. I don't know that I should like this establishment so near me if I held an exalted position. I have an idea that Naboth (a small selector of the age) was a man of disreputable and unclean appearance, and Ahab a cultured and refined gentleman could not endure such a neighbour. There are good many Ahabs in this world, and reall. they have reason, for theNabothof the period ÍB not enticing. He is best away from the vicinity of our vineyards. Passing through the gateway on one side there is a high fence separating the establish- ment from the grounds around the Govern- ment-house. On the other, the first thing which strikes the eye is a closed sentry-box. Behind this is an iron building, supplemented by a verandah. Ascending some steps towards this, I am met by an ancient porter, who in reply to my inquiry as to the where- abouts of the office, informs me gruffly that "There aint anyone there, and won't be till 2 o'clock." I fling myself down on the bench under the verandah, and eye my informant. He looks as if he was going to order me off— I shall contest the point. However, he con- tents himself with informing me that "the clerk will be in the office at 2. It's no use anyone coming 'ere as won't abide wi' rules. Folks can't do as they like 'ere." A wondrous old man is this ancient warder. Charles Dickens, I am sure, would have been delighted with him. His trousers are of many colours, but not of one seam, as the substances are as various as the shades. The neatness with which these pieces (one cannot call them patches, for who can say which is a patch?) are sewn together is won- derful. He is, altogether, a very neat-looking old man, apparently over 50, the model of a workhouse warder, his spare frame and sharp features giving him a cantankerous appear- ance, which must be very useful to him in his position, and which his conduct fully bears out. He returns to the room in the shed, of which I take advantage to stroll around the place. On one side of the drive leading to a house situated in a pleasant gar- den, and which I presume to be the superin- tendent's, is a row of little wooden huts, all joined together. A few flowers are about, and they look cheerful and homelike. This is a deception. These huts are the habitations of the female inmates, who are kept together, wives separated from their husbands, the managers of this institution being wisely of John Stuart Mill's opinion regarding "here- ditary paupers." Before you arrive at these there is the office, and parallel with the iron house first mentioned there are several more iron erections, one marked "Dormi- tory," another "Bath." The door of a third is open, and I see it crowded with men and women picking oakum. Evidently you must work for your food here. The old warder follows me, and tells me, "You'd better come and sit over there; yon can't go about like this. It's agin the rule, and fellows as come 'ere must abide by rules." So I return to my first post under the verandah, where I can- not see any of the other buildings. A Bleek well- fed cat comes and rubs herself against my legs. Strange that cats always appear to make a good living where the nobler animal, the dog, would starve. There are lots of cats in this life. By and by some old men walk down the path, and go out into the road. One old man brings out a plate of scraps from the house; the cat immediately deserts me for him. Two old women creep in. Next come two boys with a kite, which they have been making round the corner. They have to put this up hur- riedly, and join a procession of about 30 boys and girls, which start for the schoolhouse. This, with the hospital, is situated on the other side of the St. Kilda road. Then, with a wheelbarrow, there enters a most wonderful dwarf, wanting but the hump to be a splendid Quasimodo, He rests opposite to where I sit, and eyes me steadily. I dare say he is wondering what is my history. I wonder as to his. He passes, and it is petting dull, when an old lady enters and immediately makes things lively with the porte. She has evidentally suffered with grievances all her life, and she sympathises with herself. She relates her present griev- ance to the porter. "Those who come 'ere must abide by rules" is his unvarying dictum. "You must sit down there and wait for the clerk," and so she sits by me. "Folks 'as come 'ere 'as to 'umble themselves," she remarks, to which I cheerfully assent "They 'as to abide by rules," says the porter. "I little thought I should ever 'ave come to this, when I might 'ave gone to New Zealand and done well," says the woman, "Pity you didn't," says the porter, and retires to view the St. Kilda road. She confides to me that he is "a dis- agreeable old brute," and afterwards that "If I 'ad money I would never go 'ungry," a statement which I on my own part heartily endorse. The clerk comes at last, and, fol- lowing him into the office, which also appear to serve as a store, as a pile of loaves of bread is stacked in one corner, I ask to be admitted to the home "You want to come in for night or two? Well come again at half-past 5" is the reply. Before returning to the Home at night, I read in The Argus that the weekly report of the Immigrants' Aid Society gives the num- ber of the inmates as 460, of whom 140 are sick, 128 oakum picking, 4 stonebreaking, &c.; I also read that "no fresh cases of scarlet fever have appeared in the institu- tion," which is encouraging. At half-past 5 punctually I am at the gate. The old porter is on the watch, sharp as a terrier, ready to pounce on all comers "There's no one in the office, sit there" says he "and remem- ber them as come's 'ere 'as to abide by rules." Several men are already sitting on the bend under the verandah. Next to me is a decent looking man, fairly clad, who has his swag with him, and looks like a station hand. On the other side is a poor, ragged, disreputable diseased old man, who clings to a large basket affectionately. Shortly there enters a blonde-bearded, spectacled individual who, barring his shabby genteel clothes would make a capital model for "our artist," as he is generally depicted in the London illus- trated papers. Others troop in, amongst them one woman. We all wait patiently under the verandah, the porter prowling around, having a sharp word for all, and seemingly looking on every casual as his natural enemy. He knows many of the crowd who have been there before. One man explains to him how he had got rid of his money. "That shows what plenty does. It makes a man make a fool of himself, that's plenty," says our Diogenes. To another who creeps in, "Well you have got the cheek of the devil to come ere after bein' turned out this morning." "What can a man do?" says the unfortunate. "Do! why do as you've done afore," which, as by his appearance he's been going to the dogs, is not charitable advice. A desultory conversation is kept up, some relating their bad luck in looking for work. "There's one thing as is no use, it's no good a lookin' at adver- tisements," says a youthful disbeliever in the power of the press. I am thinking of investigating the grounds for this extraordinary statement when the clerk arrives, and we troop round to the office. Several of the regular inmates are before us, and are supplied with loaves of bread. Two or three who apply for re- admission are refused one of them for being drunk on his last visit. The clerk is cour- teous, but firm to all. My turn comes "Your name'' "Age'' "Religion?' "Occu- pation?" "Ship in which you landed?" "How long since?" "You have no money?" All these questions being answered, I am told to stand on one side for a minute. Four others go through the same formula, and then a paper with our names written thereon is handed to one of our number, who familiar with the place, leads the way up the road, past huts and sheds, until we arrive at a large wooden building. Entering this we pass to the end, where there is a little room, in which sits a warder, reading by the light of a lamp, surrounded by cut hunks of bread. A large can of tea is on a stand and a shelf above is piled with tins. The paper being given to him he calls over the names "Fitzgerald'' "Here" 'Take some bread, and help yourself to tea." As I take my hunk, which weighs about 2oz , he tells me I can have more bread if I want it. We sit down on the forms in the large room, and wolf our meal. The bread is good, the tea will not affect our nerves. One man has a plate of meat given to him by one of the inmates who is working out, and pays 1s. a day for his board. Our supper finished, we have time to look around. The room is bare with the excep- tion of the benches and forms, and some Scripture texts and religious sentiments nailed on the walls. In large letters it is set forth, "I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content," a motto which seems to me to be singularly inap- plicable in this connexion. Surely we are not to be content with this. It is the content- ment of the masses in their ignorance and dirt which causes most of the disease and vice in this world. We are allowed to smoke in the room, and there is a shed outside also, for that purpose. I light my pipe and wander around. The inmates appear to be allowed a deal of liberty as I walk all over the place. Lights are in some of the buildings. Peep- ing through the windows I see the dining hall of the habitual inmates, who are sitting comfortably taking their supper. A brick building opposite this is a dormitory. It is furnished with neat iron beds mattresses, and blankets "This is not so bad after all, I think," but on asking Blonde Beard if we sleep there, he says "Oh no, we have to sleep on the floor, you'll find it anything but a paradise." The trees, low buildings, and genera outline of the place, still remind me forcibly of the negro quarters on a large plantation as seen at night. There is one exception—instead of the happy laugh of the African, everything here is very quiet. Men walk to to and fro, mere shadowy outlines, with the head defined by the glow of the pipe It is a cold, dark night. The lights of the city gleam out bril- liantly. It is 8 o'clock, and Saturday. Bourke street will now be crowded, and hundreds are hasting to spend their surplus in pleasure and dissipation.Whilst here?—well, we have this consolation, that we cannot "make fools of ourselves" for want of plenty." At half past 8 a bell rings; it is our signal for retiring. We cluster around the door of another wooden building. Our names are called out, and one by one we enter. Thou had'st reason, my friend; this is not a paradise! It is a ricketty old shed, lighted by six barred windows. A number of mat- tresses are rolled up on the floor. I am lucky enough to secure one. There are about 40 of these, which are soon all appropriated, and spread out on both sides, and in the centre of the floor. Inside each mattress are two rugs of the shoddiest of shoddy material. We soon prepare for rest. Some strip to the buff, and roll themselves in the rugs. Others merely take off their coats to act as pillows, and lay down with their clothes on. I hang np my coat, waistcoat and hat, and drop on to my mattress. It is straw, of course but my thoughts are not as to its softness— for that I care little—but as to its cleanliness It is old, torn, and dirty. Faugh! I must rest content for one night at least. The wardsman remains in the room talking to several whom he knows. He is an Irishman, and the best type of official I have seen, as his rough humour has a greater influence with the men than the crabbedness of the porter at the gate. There is a good deal of jesting of a Rabelaisian nature, in which the warder takes his due share. He leaves after a few minutes, en- joining us not to smoke on penalty of immediate expulsion, and retires to his room, which is partitioned off next to the door. A brisk conversation is being carried on, chiefly on the side opposite to where I lay, as my neighbours are silent. The great theme is the conduct of one of the men who applied to be admitted, and being refused, immediately went and broke the lamp at the gate in order to be locked up. The sentiment of the ward is altogether healthy, and against this act. Everyone considers the man was wrong to injure the property of an institution from which he had previously received benefits "He was a blackguard. Shure, why didn't he go and hit the policeman on Princes bridge if he wanted to be locked up; there'd be something noble in that," says an Irish- man. "Ah, but maybe the perliss would give bim a ———— good hammering afore they run him in," says another. This remark im- presses itself on the ward as a profound truth, which no one disputes. "Then, why didn't he go and smash one of them big windows in Bourke street," says a third. The general opinion is that he should have smashed anything or anybody sooner than the lamp at the gate "If he wanted to be locked up—but liberty's sweet;—I wouldn't like to part with my liberty " is the expres- sion of an individual who, by the pathos of his voice, has at some time or another felt the deprivation of that sweetness. "Who was he," asks one "Why, the man with the broken nose—the one Tip M'Grath hit two years ago," is the reply." "What, Tip M'Grath, the preacher'' "Yes" Then ensues a long discussion on the merits of the soi disant Rev. Tip M'Grath. His fighting capacities are duly appreciated by many of the crowd, but as a "preacher" I cannot hear much of him, except that "he had turned" that way. A man with a larger swag and well clothed and booted, who says he has just come from Launceston, is asked his opinion of Tasmania He "—————'s the ————— country to —————," swearing he has spent £20 since leaving Melbourne, and could get no work. The wardsman re- enters with two new arrivals. The beds all being taken, they have to lie wrapped m their rugs on the floor. We are now very close together, and a complaint is made of the basket belonging to the wretched old man " What hev' yer got in that, now?" asks the wardsman, " Only a few oysters," is the reply. There is a general laugh at this, and a request to hand them around, but the old man is forced to take them outside. I remembered what parti- cular care he had taken of this basket, but never dreamt that his whole swag consisted of a few oysters. I look around the room. The figures crouching, rather than lying, on the floor deserve the pencil of a Cruikshank properly to delineate them. In one thing most of them seem alike—they have their right hands in their bosoms. I wonder at this for a moment, until the horrible truth strikes me that they are vermin-hunting. At 9 the warder brings in a tin bucket and lowers the gas. I do not know if the door is locked, but am told that a few nights back a madman was locked up with the rest of the inmates for two or three hours. He had sud- denly commenced his pranks after retiring to- rest, and the wardsman and night watchman being both powerless or frightened, they quietly locked the door and sent for the police. He did not do much harm, but frightened the other inmates a good deal. Conversation still goes on. Several are talk- ing about Ballarat and Sebastopol, which they appear to know well. An Irishman naturally, is great on the affairs of Scotland explains all its laws, and describes Berwick on-Tweed, Edinburgh, and Gretna-green "where me grandfather was married." There is a better tone in the conversation than could be expected-for a time. In this age a truthful account of the conversation and scenes in such a place as this could not be printed. It might have been possible in the reign of Elizabeth. Life in the bush and on the diggings is not conducive to decency either of speech or conduct. At last one says to the Irishman, "You'd better shut up and let us go to sleep now, or you'll be re- ported in The Argus." This causes a general laugh. I am slightly amused to think that they have read my experiences in the Model Lodging-house, and that, unwittingly, one has spoken truth. One by one my companions all drop off to sleep. Until they do so, and even afterwards there is one horrible sound—a continued scratching. One would imagine that this crowd would be more unhealthy than the in- mates of the Model Lodginghouse, but here there is none of that consumptive coughing which struck me so painfully at the King- street establishment. Mosquitoes, which in the upper parts of Melbourne are now things of the past, torment me frightfully, also other insects, but even without this annoyance I could not sleep. The smell is sickening; everything is foul—rugs, mattress, floor, and walls. Unwashed humanity, and there are some good specimens of it here, is abomin- able to every sense. And as I lay awake here the moral atmosphere seems heavy. May not moral contagion hang about certain buildings the same as physical? (This idea may not be new, although I think it is, but who can say what is original nowadays? We live so late that our ancestors have pirated most of our best things. This may be but chaff from the thoughts of another, which catching I handle, and turning around try to pass off as my own veritable grain. ) Yes, to- night I feel that foul thoughts and ideas hang about this place. Strange suggestions of possible crimes come into my mind. Horrible surmisings seem attached to the dirt of the walls. I am haunted by the ghosts of evil sayings and aspirations, if not of deeds. I would give anything for sleep, but it comes not. Hour after hour passes throughout the night. In the earlier part several more arri- vals are ushered in, and have to lie on the bare boards. But later on everything is quiet. I hear the clocks strike, and the sound of the goods trains. Inside there is the snoring and scratching of my companions. About 3 o'clock it becomes very cold; the wind whistles through the many crevices in the building. Lying on the floor as we do we are exposed to every draught The air becomes a little purer, but the cold is very great, and the thin rugs not sufficient protec- tion from such. Sleepless I lie. One; two; three; four; five. There seems a glimmer of light, and I rise, blistered and benumbed, from my sleepless couch. Underneath the gas lamp I stand naked my first care being the examination of all my clothing. I capture a curious entomological collection:—Item, two ants; item, fleas; item, what the Yankees call "chintzes"; item, strange little specimens of an insect described by some one as "man's nearest friend," and by connexion with which the Lucys of Charlecote have been rendered for ever famous by the im- mortal bard. Clothing myself, I am the first to leave the dormitory.The morning air, though cold, is clear, and after holding my head under the water tap, I find myself con- siderably refreshed. I walk around the place. Very few people are yet astir. The settlement is such a rambling collection of incongruous erections that it would require a guide book and plan to thoroughly describe it. Of three new brick buildings, one is a women's ward, separated from the men's by a high fence; the others diningroom and dormitory of the regular inmates, who fare much better than the "casuals," of which I am one. To become an inmate one has, believe, to obtain a recommendation from a subscriber, and satisfy the committee of dis- ability or inability to obtain work. The inmates are mostly old men. They are en- gaged in picking oakum, breaking stones, &c.;, but I do not think their labour is very arduous. Many of them appear to have been here many years. I interview a good many of them, but cannot discover that there is any regular system of selection. It appears all a fluke as to whether a man gets in or not, and once in, if he behaves himself, he is likely to stop. The casuals are only admitted for a night's lodging and a meal of bread and tea, for which they have to pay by picking oakum or breaking stones for an hour in the morning. With the exception of the clerk, all the officials I have seen seem to be in- mates. They wear no uniform, but walk around in shabby garments, and are gene- rally to be distinguished by carrying a stick. They are mostly old men, and seem to me very unfitted for their positions, to which they are I suppose appointed from motives of economy, receiving perhaps some little extra luxuries or privileges. The good order prevailing seems to me to reflect greater credit on the inmates than on the system of management. At 6 o'clock the bell rings, and the inmates of the casual ward are told to turn out. Two men are selected to go to the kitchen to fetch the tea. I follow them and get a warm in front of the large boiler fires. Breakfast is served out in the same manner as supper. Afterwards, certain "casuals" are selected by name to clean and sweep out the different wards, including those of the regular inmates, who—aristo- crats of the place—do not wait upon them- selves. Then we break up into groups, smoke and talk. The children, I see, are sent off to the Sunday School. Later on some religious service is held in the dining-hall, but it is not very well attended. I am having a long and interesting conversation with an old bushman. At 12 we have dinner—a great feed in honour of Sunday, soup, meat, and plum "duff." Again in the afternoon there is church, but before this I have slipped out of a gate into the cow paddock, over the rails on the other side, and into the Domain. I could not endure another night in the dor- mitory, and am informed that no one is allowed to leave on Sunday. If the com- mittee of tho Immigrants' Aid Society think I wished to shirk the oakum-picking or stone- breaking, it is a mistake. I am willing to return and give my share of work, or its equivalent, not that I consider I shall be a success in either line of business, but I do not wish to evade any obligation. Simply, I was craving for a bath and change of raiment, which happily, I was soon able to obtain. However, in default of labour, I will give a little advice in exchange for my accommodation. As soon as practicable, I think the present site of the "home" should be changed, or new buildings erected in place of the tumble-down sheds of which it is now principally composed. Warders of a superior class should be appointed, and supplied with uniform. The attendants at present appear to be all "inmates" they ate of the same class as those they have to govern —all paupers, in fact Consequently they are little respected, and as is natural, assume a more aggravating manner to those over whom they exercise a little brief authority, but whom they are really afraid of. It is absurd to think that the officials of the place should be powerless to restrain the pranks of a mad- man (as before related), but should be com- pelled to call in the aid of the police. Under the present system, a few desperate or drunken men might cause great disturbance and damage to property. Give your officers a salary, and they will respect themselves and maintain their position; or if you must, from motives of economy, keep on the pre- sent old men, at least give them a uniform, and make them look decent. Every student of human nature knows that outward and visible signs of authority have a wonderful effect in controlling the masses. Do give better accommodation to the "casuals." There does not appear to me any sufficient reason why a new-comer, unable to obtain work, and seeking a night's lodging, should be worse treated than the "inmates," many of whom struck me as being decidedly of the genus loafer. Certainly every casual should pass an inspection, and if not cleanly, should be forced to go through the ordeal of a hot bath. This should be enforced, in justice not only to his companions in the ward, but as a sanitary arrangement affecting the whole establishment. Lastly, gentlemen of the com- mittee, when you put the house in order, change the name. Call it, what it properly is, a refuge, for certainly any place more unhomelike it would be impossible to im- agine. I cannot help making comparisons (pro- verbially considered to be odious, but which are often useful) between this "Home" and the "Emigrant Refuge" at New York. The institution under the control of the commis- sioners of emigration of that state are the landing-place and depot at Castle-garden, situated at the extreme end of the island of Manhattan, on which New York is built, and the hospital and refuge on Ward's Island in the East River. The management of these is very perfect (or at least was five years ago when I was there). They are all supported without any expense to the state. Formerly it was the custom for the shipowners to give bonds to the state agreeing to carry back to Europe any pauper or infirm immigrant who might become a public charge. But for many years, in accordance with an act passed by the State Legislature, they have paid as com- mutation money 1½dol. for every alien landed by them. Of course the emigrant pays this in his passage money, it is a sort of mutual assurance. All emigrants are landed at the wharf at Castle garden, and after their baggage has passed the ordeal of the customs, they are ushered into the depot which is an immense rotunda, the largest building in New York, and celebrated as the place where Jenny Lind first sang in America. Here, passing by several desks, emigrants give their names, ages, &c.;, to- gether with their destinations and chance of obtaining employment. Young women are particularly looked after, and, if they have no friends, are requested to remain in the building, or go to Ward's Island until they obtain work. Railway tickets at a reduced rate can be obtained for all points in the States. The emigrants' native money can be exchanged for the U S currency with greater advantage than in Wall street, and they can leave any valuables with the superintendent who has a large safe expressly for that pur- pose, and is responsible for everything de- posited with him. Food can be procured by emigrants in the building at a very cheap rate, and interpreters, speaking every European language, will answer all their queries and give them needful advice. If they have any complaint to make of their treatment on board ship, the commissioner will take their deposition on oath. A certain number of boardinghouse-keepers, who have to give bonds for their good behaviour, are only admitted into the Rotunda. They are bound to keep to certain specified charges, and have to furnish the superintendent nightly with a list of emigrants lodging in their houses. Thus every care is taken to prevent the new-comer being swindled on his first landing. Attached to the Rotunda are several build- ings—one, a large sbed where immigrants' luggage can be stored; another, a temporary hospital, where medicine and advice are given to any who may be ill on their landing; the third is a large hall known as the Labour Bureau, where employers seek such labour as they may require. This is free both to employer and employed, but the latter must be immigrants. They register their nationalities, names, ages, occupations, and ship by which they came, and then take seats in one of the departments which are labelled, "Farm Servants," "Mechanics," "Tailors," "Domestic Servants," &c.; Em- ployers, who must be recommended by some public official or known as of good standing, go to the Labour Bureau, and seek for help in the different departments They make their own engagements, the terms of which are afterwards recorded opposite the immi- grant's name, and in the event of any dispute as to wages, the commissioners will assist the immigrant in enforcing any just claims. For five years after his landing, should the immigrant fall sick or be homeless, he is entitled to the benefit of the Emigrant Hospital and Refuge. These are healthily situated on a large island in the East River, and the different build- ings form a considerable settlement. The Verplanck Hospital, so named after Julian Verplanck, the first president of the Commission, and one of the most distin- guished and philanthropic citizens of New York, is a magnificent building, superior to the Melbourne Hospital. The wards in sum- mer are cooled and thoroughly ventilated by currents of air circulated throughout the place, and generated by an immense wheel driven at a high speed, in the basement of a contiguous building. In another part of the island is the Insane Asylum, which unfortu- nately is generally full. The dormitories and living rooms are clean and spacious, the sexes of course being separated. These are ventilated in the same manner as the hospital. There is a state school on the island, where children who are inmates receive the usual course of instruction of American public education. Foreigners unacquainted with the English language are taught that at a night school. There are three churches on the island, Episcopalian, Roman Catholic, and Metho- dist. The inmates have to work, the men either on the farm belonging to the institu- tion, where vegetables, &c.;, are raised and sold in New York market, or in the tailors' or bootmakers' shops; the women in the laundry or sewing room. Since the estab- lishment of the hospital and refuge some 30 years back, hundreds of thousands of im- migrants of all nationalities have received benefit therefrom. In winter time, when the poorer class of labourers are out of work, the "island" is crowded with, them. Certainly the three institutions— the depot, hospital, and refuge— are ad- mirable in conception and administration. I am not writing this from any report or laudatory guide, but from memory. I have stood in Castle garden day after day, and have seen thousands of Irish and German immigrants landed, I have wandered many a day over Ward's Island, "interviewing" the inmates, and comparing the institutions at Melbourne and New York. I wish that in Victoria the shipowner could be taxed to support the unfortunate new chum, who may be temporarily under a cloud, in a little more comfort than is at present afforded at the establishment at Prince's bridge I do not see why the merchant princes of Eng- land, who kindly bring hither a portion of the surplus population of the Old World for "£16 and upwards," should not enter into bonds to support any who may become a charge to the state, or else commute same for a small sum, say 5s. a head, the same as at New York. A fund thus formed, supplemented by the Govern- ment grant, the Refuge should be placed under the charge of one of the Ministerial departments. After all that has been written concerning the abuses existing in Govern- ment institutions in all countries, one thing is certain, that under a constitutional Govern- ment such abuses will be rectified much sooner than in institutions "run" by private individuals. 