LARRY'S LTJCK. A BEQtret, TO " UADDY AND FOOLHARDY." CHAPTER V. (CONTINUED.) At tho beginning of Juno camo the Doctor's birthday, and this was a day much looked forward to, for wo always had an excursion, and a day oat, and a whole holiday. It WOB on tho 8th of .Tune, and tho weather wan anxiously watched for davs before to see what it would bo likely to turn out; it gonoraJly was a fine day. This year au expedition was planned that had never been made before; this was to go and have a picnic tea at tho Smugglers' Cave. We had heard much of tbe Smuggler's Cave, but had never had a chance of seeing it before. It lay about four miles tho other side of Saltby, the opposite way to Seacliff. On that side of the bay the cliffs rose to a great height, and in somo parts rugged and broken. Half way np tho cliffs in a littlo creek was the Smugglers' Cave rannitig far into the ground j and the story told how in old times the smugglers used to land and hide their contraband goods there, and thiit more than one skirmish had taken place here between them and the Government men, and that blood had been shed and life had been lost among those wild rocks and cliffs, and tho dead bodies of strong young fishermen or bravo preventive officers washed ashore by the tide at Saltby. It was said the cave went far into the cliff, and that there was once an opening a good way inland, known only to the smugglers, through which they used to carry their goods. But this opening had been stopped for many years, and no one knew exactly where it used to come oat. The story went on to say that there were still treasures hidden in the cave, which none had been able to find, safely stored away: bales of rich silks from Franco, and kegs of brandy, and parcels of tobacco, and many a fisherman had tried to find them, and had hunted among the rocks and through the crannies of tho cave, but all in vain ; and the story ended by declaring that the ghosts of those fishermen and Government men came back to the 6cene of their last straggles, and fought through the combat again ; and many a fisherman coming back late at night has thought he saw lights in the Smugglers' Cave, and heard voices in toneB of anger and alarm from the beach. Larry told us tho story one night in such a lively manner that I felt rather queer, and Bertie shook with fright. But you can fancy how pleased we were at the thought of a visit to this dreadful place, with time to explore the cavern, and find the treasure ourselves, if there was any treasure to be found. If only the 8th of June might turn out a fine calm day—for if it was very wet we should not go, and if tbe sea was rough we could not land on that rocky beach. So sky and sea were anxiously watched, and great were the rejoicingB on the 8th when the sun rose in a cloudless blue sky, and there was hardly enough wind to move the leaves of the lime-trees outside the dormitory windows. The morning was spent in preparation and bustle, and at twelve o'clock we had an early dinner, swallowed in great haste, and then came the start. Dr. May, and his wife, and tho two little girls, went down in a wagonette, and they took some of the smaller boys with them, and the rest of us walked, or rather ran, down to Saltby as fast as our legs would carry us, and we were all of us down on the quay when the doctor's wagonette appeared. A small steamer, had been hired to take UB and bring us back, and we were soon all on board, and the paddles began to beat up the water into ginger-beer, and the man gave a great turn to the wheel, and off we went, out of the harbor, on the blue sparkling sea. One of the boys, who thought he had a turn for music, had brought a comet with him, and enlivened the voyage by his performances, though he was not quite up to the use of his instrument, and Bertie brought great confusion on himself by applauding what ho supposed was " Home, Sweet Home,'' when it was really intended for "The Girl I loft behind me." As for Larry he had not much ear for music, and he dcclatod that every tun© was " the tune the old cow died of." The steamer could not put in very near the shore, opposite the Smuggler's Cave, so when wo reached the bay we got into two small bpats and wont on shore, six or eight ata time, and then the steamer left us there, and went back to Saltby. I was sorry to leave the steamer, as I had never been in onp before, but when the rowing boat grounded oh the pebbly; bbach, and locking up' I fcaw the mouth of the cavo and cliff abovp, I forgot all my regrets and jumped out of tho boat quite wild to explore, tho boysfbad come' with all sorts of different plans For afciuding themselves - fepme hkii jin^ ihjjugjjt i>jf^ei-. ploring and climbing, and these hadWpaUy long climbing polos to help them; some had fishing tacldo, and I was one of theso, for I was always fond of fishing; some had ^ketchbooks, and were goon hard at worjjc with one off the mastois, daubing away with watercolors, and theso eoouicd really to onjoy themselves as much as any, though I thought it rather a slow way of jmssiug a holiday. Two other follows had got a photographic affair on three long unsteady legs, that kopt doubling up and tumbling down at tho most critical uioniant. One or two hud actually brought books, as if they did not get enough of them in school; and somo were poking about after shells and pebbles on the beach, or knocking at stones with little hammers, and calling nil sorts of very common things by very long names. Clarkson found a way of amusing himself different to any one, for I found him rolled up in the sun under a rock, aud fast asleep. One of tho masters nud two or three of the boys set off at once in a boat to fish, but I loft my tackle down on the beach, and set off with Larry, Bertie, and a few more into tho Smugglers' Cave. It was a grout scramble to get up in the first place, for somo of the cliff had fallen lately, but we were not easily to bo baffled, and wo were soon up on a small lodge in front of the cave, which opened black and mysterious before us. Larry had boon prepared for the darkness, nud had provided himself with a bit of caudle and a box of matches, and feeling quite sure we should find the treasure before very long, wo left the bright sunshine behind us, and dived into the darkness ofthe cavo. Larry went first with the candle, which glimmered faintly on the sides and roof of the cave, showing rough arches and deep niches, where treasure may once have laid, bat whore it lav no longer. After going a little way, the cavern had an abrupt turn in it, BO that we were quite out of sight of the entrance, and lofc the last ray of daylight behind us. I don't think my zeal was so great as Larry's and Bertie's, lor after a time my thoughts turned away from treasure, and I began to wonder what the other fellows were doing out on the beach, and to hope that none would take away my fishing tackle; and in my heart of hearts I thought that after all it was no great fun poking about in a musty, fusty, old cavern in the dark, knocking one's head here and one's shins there. After a time Larry and Bertie began to discuss whether we had not taken the wrong way, and whether there was not another path branching off near the first turn, which looked more promising than the one we had taken, which was beginning to get narrower and lower, so that wo had to go sideways with our heads tacked in. I made use of this chancc to suggest that wo had better make our way back and make a fresh start from the mouth of the cavern; and to this they at last agreed. I led the return, and we came out u good deal faster than we went, for we knew our footing was safe, and that there were no holes or pit-falls in the way. I shall never forget how it looked as we came to the mouth of tho cave, which made a frame for that bit of bright sea. There wero one or two sails in sight, and some gulls flying across, and tho whole air seemed full of sunshine; it had not seemed half so bright and sparkling before we went into the dark cave, and we stood blinking and looking at it as if we had never Been it before. . CHAPTER VI. When we came to the ledge in front of the cave, and looked down on the beach to see what the other boys wero doing, we saw that there Were preparations for tea beginning, and that tho boys wero collecting a groat heap of drift-wood for the fire to boil the kettle, and they shouted to us ..to come and help, which we were not at all unwilling to do. We made a big fire under the cliff, a great deal bigger than was needed. We had brought water with as in great jars, hut we might have spared ourselves the trouble, for we found a stream of beautiful water that came ont of tho cliff; and it was a good thing we found it, for we kept on upsetting the kettle and spilling the water, there being too many cooks employed over the mutter. Meanwhile, Mrs. May and some of tho boys were spreading a cloth on the shingle, with stones oh tho corners to keep it from blowing iaway, and unpacking the big baskets, which contained meat pies, cakes, and bread and butter, which, as we had all of UB had an early and hasty dinner, wo. wore not at all sorry tosee. Then one of the boats which had been out fishing came in, and they had caught a good many whiting, and Mrs. May had actually thought of bringing a gridiron among other things, and the fish wero split open and cleaned,' grilled 'and peppered, tad they were good and no , mistake. After the Doctor had said grape we all fell to, and I jdoja't/think I w^s ever BO hungry befpro in .my life. and the other boys seemed jto bo the «amef for:itiie ipies atid thoifishjthe oakea and the broad and batter, disappeared in derfally short time, and there wero few remains to be packed into the baskets, which went back a good deal lighter thato they woro when they came. After tea we all scattered, again to out difforoat amusements, and Larry, Bertie, j^A I, wore making oft to auother cava which saw somo way uloug tho shore, and which Larry thought must join tho other, when Elliot shouted after mo to ask whether I would' come in Mr. lluttou's boat and do some fishing. This was too tempting a proposal, and as- Larry and Bertie did not seem to care whether I came with them or not, I turned back, and. was booh in the boat dancing about on the little waves. One of us had to keep the boat steady by rowing, while tho others lot down their lines with tWeo bailed hooks at tho end of each, and a lead to keep thom under, down, down, down, into tho sea, until it touched the bottom, and then wo drew it up an inch or two and waited & bit, and presently we felt a pull at tho line and then hauled it up, up, np; till at last the lead came to the surface, and something struggling and Hashing on the hooks. Sometimes there was more than one fish hauled in at once, and sometimes there was an exclamation of disgust and disappointment, when the expected prize turned out to be only a dog-fish or a flapping jelly-fish. We had very good luck, and it was such capital fun that wo were thoroaghly taken by surprise, and thought there inuBt have been some mistake about tho time, when wo saw a dark object appear round tho point from Saltby, and found that it was tho steamer come to fetch us home. However, there was uo denying tho faci, or that the coast was begiuning to get dim; and dusky in the distance, so fishing lines had to be drawn up for the last time, and wound up and stowed away, and then we had to row back to land, where tho party wero gathering together for departure. We had a good take of fish to display, and one of the empty baskets was given to hold them, and wo had pleasant expectations for to-morrow's breakfast,, " Are wo all hero ?" said the Doctor, looking round at the deserted rocks and beach, and then one of the masters blew a loud whistle, and then the first boatful sot off. I was in the first boat and separated from Larry and Bertio, and I and Elliot still found ourselves by Mr. Hutton, who began describe ing to us a journey ho had in the north of Russia, and an adventure with a polar bear; and it was so interesting that wo got him to go on with it when wo wero on tho steamer, and I kept wishing that Larry and Bertio would come from the other end of the boat to hear it. However, I made up my mind to pass on tho story, for their benefit, some night after we were in bed. It was almost dark when wo reached Saltby but tho moon was rising. The wagonette was waiting to take the Doctor back, and bidding us bo quick home, he and Mrs. May, and the little girls, and a few of the smaller boys, drove off and were soon out of sight, We went home at a much steadier pace than we had come down in tho morning, for somo of us began to find out that we were rather tired, which wo had not discovered before in all the enjoyment of the day. I found myself again by Mr. Hutton and persuaded him to describe some more of his adventures, for he had been a great traveller before he came to Highmoro. A good story passes away the time and takes away one's thoughts from tired legs, and I was quite surprised when we reached the school to find that tho way had not seemed longer. There was supper ready for us whon we arrived, but before we sat <dovm there was calling over. My name did not come very near the beginning of the list, but at last it sounded. "Carter Major." " Yes, sir." " Elliot." " Yes, sir." " Clarkson." " Yes, sir." "Brady." No answer, and looking round I found that neither Larry nor Bertie wero there. : '.'Do any ofyo|i know where: Brady is? Are thoro any otheifc absent ?" Then the names went on till Carter Minor came, and then again there was no answer. Where were they ? Were they loitering on the way homo ? Perhaps Bertie was tired and could not come along fast, and tarry was waiting for him. - r> • A servant was sent out to see if th^j^fiM coming tip the road; questions were fhajng asked, and minds bjusy .trying to' recollect whore we had seen them lost. One; boy nsaid ho did not remember thfem while we wero walking home;' another had not noticed them on the quay when we landed; inothor said they were hot Oh the bame ebdofthesteakner as he WAS ; and then ope pf-ihe said they weiro not in 'jyte^joii&.^^^e^b,^ shore, and anoflier^pid the name*Andwliilo they talked I sat thoro feeling quite stupid, and trying hard to think whore I hod Boon him last. I had Men it for granted that they were there, and it Boomed as if £ must have seen thorn amobg the boys at the other end of tho steamer, or on the boach when we were leaving, and yet I would not actually say to myself that I had seen them, and yet—and Jt yet. The servant came back, and said he had been to the .top of the hill, but could see nothing of them. The Doctor was beginning to feel very anxious, walking up and down the hall. At last one of tho masters said: " Let those boys who camo with Larry and Carter in the boat from the shore hold up their hands." I cannot tell you how I felt as I looked round tho room and did not see a single hand raised, and the Doctor wrung bis hands together, and I hoard him say, « I foar the boys have been left behind." I don't quite know what followed. I felt dazed, and kept going over and over in my mind all that had passed since I turnod back from following Bertio to go fishing with Mr. Tlutton. Oh, why had I left him ? There wa6 a bustle going on round me, but I hardly know what wob going to be done till thero was tho Bound of wheels and horse's hoofs outside, and the Doctor's dog-cart was brought round to the door, and the Doctor, Mr. Hutton, and another master, Mr. Bell, got up to go out, and then I rushed from my placo and caught hold of Mr. Hutton's arm. " Halloa," he said, " Carter 1" and thon he turned to the Doctor and Baid some words in a low tone, and then the Doctor, said, " Well, Tom, we will take you with us, my boy, but mind you must be a man and a help, not a trouble." I could not Bpeak, but I think he saw what I meant to say, and he went out with his hand resting on my shoulder. The next thing was I was sitting with Mr. Hutton behind in the dog-cart, and the horse was going briskly on in the moonlight down to Saltby. Mr. Hutton spoke once or twice but I could not answer him, for I had my mother's face constantly before me, with oyes that looked all manner of reproach at me, and I seemed to hear her voice, asking, " Where is Bertie ? Where is my little boy ?" Oh, why had I left him ? Thero arc the gas-lights of Saltby, and now we are clattering through the streets where the shops are closed, and there are but few passers-by on the pavement, and tho old church in the market-place clangs out ten as we pass in front ot it. And now we are on tire quay, and I am standing trembling more with anxiety than cold, while the Doctor and tho others go off to try and find a boat and men to take us back to the Smugglers' Cave. I don't know how long they are away, but I think I hear two quarters closed out from thoso old bells, and then I see them coming back through the moonlight with some sailors, and I can hear their voices ever so far off through the silence of the night. "Smugglers' Cave. Aye, aye, sir, it's a nasty placo; three lads was drowned there last fall." "We won't be long getting there; the breeze is Just right and we'll drop down there as easy as anything. But, sir, it's not much good; we might look about all night and never find 'em. the tide'U float 'em in as likely as not. Them three lads as I was a- telling of was all washed up on the beach here, right over agin the Esplanade, where them bathing- machines stand, not a hundred yards between the three on 'em." And then they see me, and the Doctor says something, and they are Bilent; but I had hoard enough. Drowned ! Washed on shore 1 And .^heywere speaking of Larry with bis broad grin, and pf Bertie, little Bertie, with his curly head and. great serious eyes. Not long ago a dog of tho Doctor's was drowned in the great pond near the school. It was swimming across and got caught in the weeds, and was'drowned before any one could go to its help. I remember how it looked when wo .got out, air Ump ,and lifeless, and how Bectie cried over it, and the other boys laughed at him ; and now, perhaps, that was how he looks. And now we are in the boat, a sailing fishiug4)oat,aud are dropping down, as the man called it, which seems to me a very slow process, and the iuen talk about tho night,' and the fishing, and the number of mackerel they hat©-caught, as if it were not my little brother who might be , drowned. It was a lovely* night, with the moonlight lying in a great silver streak across the fieij, ^and tfith just enough wind to raffle the water unto little waves and send our boat steadily along. Mr, Hutton puts>his hand on my arm and says, " What, Tom, are you asleep ? are nearly there." Then came a sudden change in th'6 /boat's course/-fend the ^ next minute the keel grated on'the'elniigle and one of tho men jumpp over xntq the shallow water ,v nod nWJfeB^Wa Vo&ffttf; with fc^eV' c * ., >•'.' t (Te fowniitfuetL) m / : v > > 