CHRISTMAS TIDE. Beautiful indeed are all the festal occasions oiiiie year, subdividing time by thcirregular re -urn-nce. and diversifying the dreain ef hrnian life as it glides away between earth d he n. They are like ancient churches, .Lich „.,fl itctaa we pass along upon our mortal journey, green with the ivy or snturies, sanctified with the prayers of fenerations, precious to ns for the clustered cemones of ages which are around them> ud sacred for the softening and purifying influence which the light of their pictured riudowB seems to carry with it to the soul Amsngstall these hallowed festivals there is tone, however, 60 welcome to the heart as tse happy, holy season of Christmas. It is essentially the feas . of " other days," and one which brings before us the tenderest and brightest recollections, images fairer and dearer far than the realities still visible; the one which awakens those echoes of the past that at ether anniversaries are silent as the dead Then it is above all other timas that we Kiravel the windings and wanderings that our feet have trodden since the remotest hour at which memory pauses, baffled as she vainly tnes to penetrate the impervious darkness tht shrouds the few first for-ever-forgotten years of our wonderful existence, JFhen it is tut we gather again, in imagination, the mioses that gave form to our first childish motions of beauty ; then we dash again with handing heart amongst the playmates of Kr boyhood, and live once more the briiii- Lt, stormy days of youth. It brings back to 'dor a moment the innumerable array of \ Nonary thoughts that keep deploying as if ; bom one eternity to another, now in dark and i Silen masses, now in long and dazzling ; brightened a3 if with spear-points and fendardB ; now accompanied with music Brhke and tempestuous, now with i lutes and soft recorders," not breathing i itaas of victory, but hymns of peace. Then ji - is that the phantasmagoria of bygone life h 'ce upon the shadowy wall before us, and ? «enund is thronged with " thoughts that, sj phantoms, trackless come and go,'- \- . £tnoiy steals to our. side, bearing in her j sitd the prism of imagination, through j bich ws look into the long vistas behind P. peopled with the old familiar forms, 'lck we cherish the more fondly that we ®E,r never see them more; for then it is. That 8ve giv<\- us'back the dead, fi'en in the loved at lo.ks they wore. .. J. On that day the mother thiBks of her | bildren scattered- through the world, and % deepest emotions of her heart are stirred: : '1 many a one that has sought a home in ? er lands, and is fain to own them a more s 'Perons abode, longs to be once more s pingst the merry groups in his childhood's 1 Ule That childhood's heme I— how it rings, | , 'e a glove in spring, with the din of crea- a j, ?s blither than all the birds in the world 1 I ( ? bright the holly bough looks down upon | Jlr happiness I How cheerily burns the 1 ift an altar-forge where links of I I'ona are welded, never to be broken 1 I th a thrill the pleasant song sends through i innocent hearts i What kindliness (J® in the eyes of all, as they seem gathered Ufi rouad the holy well of love which .,,n>8 BP at Christmas time in the arid. i,tJ B f life ! There, beside that home, is h churchyard where weoften climbed tW?- e starling's and the martin's nest; ete lle the loved and venerated," fdt whom, \- Vfcfp?,0 that so many years have passed, ' vP ln this hashed and soiemu hoRr m if 80 utterly to hhte efeased for— eo seldosi to jembftber. ;«« / ..... ,, , . .. . v, ; . . To hv many a reader of th's will these remenraucej recur ? — remembrances of old lam and old timeB— remembrances of a Okristns that Australia can never know 1 the dajare dim in theBe old, beloved scenes, the nigts hold long and dreary sway, toe windosare fretted with arabesques ofrrost, the win is moaning with melancholy sound, t ' c plais are covered, with a snowy mantle, a dthewoods are wreathed with Parian wla e. Everything around' recalls to us the thousam associations which are attached iBseparaly to the season in out minds. But here, in Australia, all this is changed. Oomingi.s it does, in one of ths. brightest months V our burning summer, ahi appeal- ling by tone of its natural surrounftuigs to any of tm sympathies which are linked with the tradlWal Christmas of our affecHons, it is impossible that this festival ceuld be celebrated in a similar manner. Some sturdy sticklers for antiquity may, it is true, attempt to copy, even here the old domestic reunions which were wont, to mark the season in their earlier yc-ars ; but who will say that a dinner in the shadiest room to which the breezes are, couned through open lattice, is anything like the groaning board made ruddy with . the slow of a blazing hearth ? No ; with us „ mas is aud.muat ever be, a-dayvE I .eld. hdliday. as thePilgritn Fathers did. Natuis woos us abroad with he: sunniest smile, m: 1 wc cannot reiuse to fly into her arms. Pionics. and not dingier parties, and the social gatherings of an Australian Christoiii ? ;and the warm dining-room of our youth is exchanged for the cool nook beneath the trees, or the pleasant waters of the river.-: or the bays. Green bankp, gay chesses and plashing oars — these are more aasociated with Christmas as it exists for us than even the holly berry and the mistletoe which are twined around its memoiy in our hearts. If 'we think of the Bible narrative and of the beautiful night- tcenes there brought before us, from the time when the pastoral lay was broken by a voice among the stars to the flight of Mary and Joseph into Egypt, we must feel that Christmas loses nothing in its suggeativeBess because It falls at a season when the nights are so gloriously beautiful as they; are with us. It has been also said that the cold and dismal aspect which nature wears about Christmas-time at home, gives au additional zest to the home pleasures to which Chritsmas is there so peculiarly devoted. Bat we cannot help thinking that, if we have less of indoor enjoyment, we have also less of the debasing riot which too often attends highdaya at home. So that, taken all in all, though we may suffer a little from the heat and dust, and though we may look rather brown and oleaginous at our amusements, the " merry, merry bells of yole " may ring as appropria tely in our beautiful summer as they ever did in the frosty winter of other climeB. After all, even the English Christmas itself has changed, and is almost as different as ui Australian one from the jolly royster- ing Christmas of former times. To be sure the shops sre still gay, the streets are full, and all the journey men of all the tailors are put in requisition, the hatter brushes up his hatsr the milliner beguiles young ladies out of their coin for the winter colors of the Modes du Mois, and the furrier's shop has in it a world of comfort. There is sometimes still sun odour haunting the corners of streets where women sell baked apples and piemen loiter with their hot temptations. Spiced gingerbread is still vauntingly proclaimed, and managers of theatres and pastrycooks are in all their glory. Pantomimes and cakes abound, and one gaudy nigh t succeeds an - other, till we almost grow tired of feaBting and late hours, and the company of. chil dren. Business ia but a name, ajd drollury is the Ov-der of the day. Tragedy rears her gorgeous head jewelled and crowned, and " sceptred pall comes sweeping by." Har lequin, ioo, is we corned still — that glittering mystery, a thing between fairydjm and humanity. Columbine is admired, and Pantaloon applauded ; both, it would seem, born for nothing but to dance and smile for the pleasure of enraptured thousands. The play bills still flaunt about, disclosing the secrets, of the coming night, and they are as (mysteriously magnificent as : ever in the announcement of wood demons, horsemm and vaulters, brazen shields and fatal nasks, fire eaters, jurglers, and quadrqjeds of every variety of shape and 6f intelligence, Whib, black, and grey, with all their train. Wemaj even at times hear the touching carol of the waits as it rises through the silenceof the night, and the maiden's eye will stil melt at the tale of love and her hand fin g down from her open casement . the brifht silver piece, the gnerdon for the gratef a stmg. The postman, and the charity boys, ard a host of others, even yet expect their Olristmas- boxes. New Year's gifts are1' exchanjed between friends and relations. In Ireind the wren is suspended on Bt, Stephens Day from the holly bough, surrounled with all the bravery of ribbons ; guisers ;o about the street ia Scotland, on New Yar's Eve, ottering a wonderful jargon and perorming antics of the most extraordi nary kiid; and everywhere throughout the British sles kings and qneens abound on that iat of Christmas holidays, the gay Twelfthaight festival of snow-white con- fectionay, of cakes and beans. All ths, it is true, we have still ; but where now is the " nght«hearted revelry of ancieat days?" Where now is the manchet, and waatel-bread, and peacock pie of by goae banqueting ? Where are the slaughtered beeves, thejbroached wine-casks, the huge barrels ef nut brown ale? Where are the embroidered-coated heralds and the scarlet-coated pursuivants, the wandering knights and toil worn pilgrims? Where are the holy brethren, with sacks iind wallets, gathering largesse? Where is the troubadonr on his palfreyrich with spangled housings ? Where is now- the Lord of Misrule, the Abbot of Unreason, the Boy Bishop, and the Master of Mem Disports ? Where are the ; hobby horses, nhe dryads, the Irish dresses, the buckram jerkins, and the drunken masque/? _ Where is P&Iaphilos;, Prince of Sqihie, and the " most mag- nificenl and renowned Thomas, Prince' of Alba lortnnata ?" Where are the brawn and mistard that were eaten, and malmsey wine blat was so freely drunk in those old caroumls ? Where are Sir Handle Rackabite, Sir Morgan Mumcbance, Sir Frauds .Flatterer? Where! is passed the glory and the d:eam ? So msch, in fact, has changed that some one, wifc a little poetic exaggeration, has said:— Gore sre all those golden days ef j ore; Vjhen Chrifltimas was a high day ; Its gorta we new shall see no more; 'lis turned into Good Friday. We know not if even Shakespere's des criptici of the Night would hold good at present when he tells us that. Ever 'gainst that season comes herewith our Saviour's birth is celebrated The binof dawning singeth a'l night long, And tlsn they ray no spirit can walk abroad ; The nifhts are wholesome thea ; oo plane! B'strike, .No f .i# takes, nor wi chha? power to charm. Sa halfwed and so gracious is the time. If daristmaa has been changed . so much at how, it. is" not' strange' ..that it should ' asflntt a different form in a ctime where fd- most yery thing is completely; reversed, Nor ;-.v 'j-'; . : ill:.. ' ji ; a " /. ' I tc X 1 . 1. 1 > 18 this even o be regretted. We must have a Christmas of our own — an Australian equivalent for the Wiatry anniversary of our ancestors, wreathed with Bitmmer flowers, and surrounded with the associations of a poetry racy of our sunlit soil. It is with this idea that we present the public of these colouies, with thi9 sketch, which will speak to them of the life they live, and of the scenes by, which they are surrounded. We anticipate, therefore a hearty wel come for the few native floweri which we have gathered here to take the place of those which can only flourish in another laud. There are, however, many old usa ,es connected with Christmas which are as well suited to our new home as to our old one, and happily they are the best— :the only ones worth preserving. Amongst these, and next only ua the charity of OhristmaB, are the delights of social and do mestic intercourse, which its genialspirit tends so abundantly to promote. In these gather ings Christmas seems to demand almost as a right his tribute of taleB, and songs,, and jokes, and riddles. We cannot refuse it. -It is the iuFmration of the season, and it will seize us quite as powerfully ,b th» »!4o of the siuuque Yarrft as in the -OToHaple hqiB® Lafc.Bionrnshnry-or- tltj Wcttrjd,. ' In tSeoTn" uiij-e wo «Vata rally ctcliy.htud'ifi-ttie old tales.' Then it was that our literary horizon wa# peopled nitb dragons, lit up with fiery chariots, and bea'itificrl with magical rain bows. Then did Blue Beard sweep fiercely by — ilstern imago of mysterious apd ford cious pomp, composed of Persian satrap and Grand Turk — with ay the parade i>f camel9 and slaves and waving banners iiriais train. Then did we penetrate the high wd; tangled woods, in which the Sleeping jeauty lies concealed : and we accompaniedjpoor little Red Riding Hood through thereen lanes, wistfully peeping at 'the " chees» cakes" and "the pat of butter" as we went '.long: Then, too, did we love to stray in/the realm of- Oboron, in whose crown the jevels are dew- drops from the pearliest rop— that world in which a harebell is a palac, a primrose a hall, an anemone a cup, aid a daisy a shieling. How wo longed to 'he possessors of that butt of dew which, in the form of a hazel nut filled with the tears <x morning and evening, shall be presented to the inspired barb of our earth who, by ihe music of his lyre, shall lay all the pipes of the Silent People mute, and charm the tiny emperor asleep on his Titania's bosom beneath the unconscious honey moon that hangs like a cresset in the heaven of Fairyland ! With what mysterous awa we saw those sprightly elves riding in long and beautiful arrays by the light of the moon,or sittingin seven circles in the bottom of a deep ravine, drinking nectar out of cups of Bilver and gold no bigger than the dew-cup flowers. How their wild unearthly eyes, all of one bright sparkling hue, turned upon ub at the same moment, and how their undistinguished whisperings sounded fearfully in our ears I Then, too, was it our delight to listtn to the wild legends of witch and warlock, in which we were borne away to the blasted heath to bear the gibbering of Paddaok and Gray- malkin. "The air hath bubbles as the water hath, and these are of them." What a gbatly atmosphere eaveloped these weird sisters — these iliomened beldames I What a hellish spirit seemed to breathe through their sxinny lips i w nac a fierce compression of their choppy fingerg, as they uttered their salemn prophecy — half bension half malison foreboding voices that, with hideous shrieks, syllabled men's names in " antres vast and deserts wild!" More frightful still, and perhaps more fascinatingly dreadful were the ghost stories, which made the bair to bristle and the heart to quake.' The storiss arojill,. no danht, ao ...old— «to— bills, "bnt'we knew nothing of that, and tfiep- were none the worse for their want of originality. We little imagined ther. that the jokes at which we laughed so heartily are in Hierooles, aud that he again is but a revival of the jesters of the East. It is the same in everything. Punch, who castigates Judy for the benefit of the street audiences is the Arleohino of Italy — -the descendant of the Fescennines— the regular representatives of the drolls of the golden age. The very cantripes of our witches, their hell broth and cauldron are all in Apuleins, who is himself but an echo of times much older, a dim shadower forth of mysteries by himself cot understood. Ghosts have flourished in all their glory from the earliest times, and we know of no addition to their terrors. There is nothing in the castle of Otranto — nothing in the mysteries of Udolpho, we mean nothing of incident, that the world has not heard before. The White Lady of Avenel, piercing the centre of the earth, and singing her wondrous songs, is to be found in many a fabling saga. Here again it is true that "there is nothing new under the sun." But little wie cared for that as long as we were amused or interested, or even tolerably well terrified. Christmas was the time for joke, and song, and story; they were a want of the season, and we had them; and whether they were new or old, they are amongst the pleasantest recollec tions that we have. We need say no more. Bless you, my gentle masters and miscresses all I May mirth andi happiness be with you. We pledge you in a cup of brightest Australian wine 1 — Wassail to you and youis and all t All health! 