Bomb of puv coutcinporaiioR seoui greatly oxor- . cisod in-tlieir minds , as to tho consequences of ilio ' meeting of"Parljament-o-mu«h-KO_that nno could ubnusfc irangiuo them members of, the Opposition speculating on the chance of a i turu out. It is of course impossible to say what $ will he the course of the Ministry— neither is ti> easy, to see what they can do which can escape hostile .criticism. Quo metropolitan contour £iid&uy;, the 'Courier,' is clear that tlioy outfit jpKo ignore any personal differences of opirion BSrfiich may havo ' arisen duriug tho last few VSiontlis, and appear once more as a roited bo'dy with a definite policy to submit to iParlur- ment," and goes on to say — wo suppose as an &rgumeut; to them to follow that odvicJ — thoir carapje in offico' has been a fairly successful ono. NotEngTias yet'' trauspirod wliicu is discreditablo- to tliem, or wouldjustify"anysuspic'bn"of_roal- disunion amongst themselves; Wo remember aocnug, many years- ago, -a lamp .upona rather, curious plan. . On- each,of two arms there was a :globo in which was a light, one was white aud one was blue — and as tire arms revolved, the object on: which tho light was cast, was alter- „ nately in a bright or shady condition. These sorts of changes ore not unusual in signals ; but what is to be iuferred from the 4 Courier's' now theory— a very bright light indeed . upon the Ministerial career, which this time lost year it rlooked uponflirough a very blue medium indeed —is a rathor curious question. Influence, in land -ttelicy, in legal abstiuence, we seo no cbauge of — fcte.— -The-tondoncy-has -hcen.morei_wlmt_.wo. have been accustomed to call retrograde, than otherwise. What does it all mean ? Will Mr. Hemmant meet the .Assembly tliis year, with a botter grace than at the close of ffio vr fierce controvewv over the cash balance, which, v- as if "offended at tiio splutter over its existence, huabecomc as great a ghost as the supposed .saipinfl j'filways was, and melted avay ? How v does" tiio matter really stand ? Let a few figu.-cs. illnctrfttft it- K&" Tho Treasurer's estimate of income for tlio financial year was £1,230,000. At present the yield has been £958,820. The increase in snc- cesave quarters of this year, over corresponding ' tftiarters of thprecediug one, has been steadily off, tilnh the last ono it was only about £4,000. This would indicate that tlie revenue for the current quarter wPl bo about that of the period of the last . financial year — say — 1'£280, 000.— In timt.case e' shall goty£l, 288, 820 \ — rand? therc is notluiig us to totals, whatever ttibDfxuii, oc tn Hntails.,tn fintl .fnjilt willi iu tiie estmiate. AVhat'will the expenditure bo 7 TfieJexpendituro for niiio months has been in all £925,528, of which for ordinary purposes — exclusive of tlio .-interest on the public debt— about £785,000 was spout. Say, that for the current quarter a, third of this .will be disbursed,, or £200,000. There' will be then about £150,000 .. interest for the half year— so at last we can do ' thin littlqsum. Exprnditurc iu all ... ... £1,335,523 Lead rarcuuti ... ... ... £1,238,820 Probable deficit on tin? year ... £90, 703 "Why thon tbo Treasurer's careor should be a " tolerably successfiti" one in 1876, when it has realised all tho sinister predictions of the .'.Courier' iu 1875, we can't see — unless the light Tins revolved. Tlie laud policy of the Government haaJieen in nowise changed us to a legislative one since their repeated failures to enunciate any com plete or systematic scheme in the last session. They have not indeed had any opportunity of announcing a' change if they intended it. Administratively there has beon a good deal of oscillation between sale by- auction and sale by selection; bat that was. mere detail. On all points they stand now just as they did when, with regard to a legislative policy on the land legislation of the country,, they were declared \- seven or eight months ago to have been tried aud found wanting. Why the white light now, if ihe blue was the right colour then 7 We are not curious for an answer, - but that's tho- iuovitablo quertir m. The legal career of tiio Government did once so provoke objurgutoty journalistic criticism as to bringdown the wrath of the Attorney- General __in warnings of unutterable portont upon the : offender. . The reception they met with elicited the approval of tlie entire press of the colonies. But tlio course which provoked these criticisms jhas beeu repeated in fresh legal procedure at 'great expense, which will involve no poiutthat -;jnight not have beon tested without it. Whether is it in tlie fact that the procedure onco'thouglit so objectiouablo lins now become the reverse, or tlmt_the critic 1ms repented hiin of his criticism, that tiio now light is throwing, wliich enables him to see iu the Attorney-General's conduct a tolerably successful career 7" x . . With the Miui/dc/ for Works, it is. impossible for any oiie tub£ offended. Ho is for too good' £ naturcil f.ir tbnf. Apply and you get his pro- miso— and promises are cheap. Whether when Al'tho Assembly is naked to ratify all his promises," lie may not he" found of . those from whom offence coiueth, inasmuch as from the profusion of bis goneroKily, iHwippoiutmoiit at the poultry of performance will be grievous, we roust wait — to see. But ti I thou we are hardly in a position to say moreof him-tlmu that like MosKr».-Mions7Tr„ liis intention is right. That is, not to he so success- -fulj but to try t«» he so, wliich is another matter. The Premier lma heeu away — aud is satisfied yitli .what pceurrod iu liis absence— und we should tliink tiiut iu that case ho returns iu a yery,. placablo fraino of mind. The pleasant ness of tlie Criterion dinner, and tlio Glasgow i banquet, still so frnsh in his memory, us to leave nooponing for any present diKogrooabilities. He has boon necessarily qniet since he roturned, and wo know little or uotliing of liis action in tlio old country 'but certainly, during the Inst session — especially as to tho great question involved in the Logan election case— we were not accustomed to be told that he hud been offi cially " tolerably ' successful." Perhaps tlie standard is not fixed so high now., Experience moderates a too great severity, and wo congra tulate Mr. Macalister on Die whiter light which how irrwlinl<?K lilf. official career. As to the Postm ster-Genorul — well, leave liim to mill oi oi the ripucintiius who cuu so well and so laugliiugiy Kve credit where credit is due ; ou the broud grin ad. the while at tbe sort be does give. We lie'ifeve-that the Honourable George Tnoit.x does think himself tlie best Postmaster- Gcueral that Queensland h'W ho lias frionds who net only toll believe it too. Foron.lv wouro roMlym-. oliticd to think that hi fiohiros ' 10" J" 14 ' us his voiittiros hnvo hor" , i,,.ov. -Mr luiiiinut of-ettiitioii »i»!i;L.tju l q , 7-1 ancy of fiiifBu"dfiVi— WtaUior,-liowovoiyo"i-"Id/j'j0'liai8®??!S®. its joimmlistio robo or not, is of httlo conse.mo co to tho Ministry, comj'srsd with tho tnsk thnt really lies before tliem- The lrousuror bjis not even n cosh balance to parade as a surplus, .and will, havo to appeal ti tbo Assembly for more taxation in tbe faco of i revcuno greater than it iiftb-ovor boforb- beon.— fr--FRYAU_lms_Jo onuii- ciiito a laud policv vbich shall reconcile all manner of contradletuns, and . at ouco doservo present approbation, ai.h bo in consistency Willi past disapproval. Mr. Kino will omulato tlioir difficulties to show whidi will follow his acquies cent profusion. Mr. thUFFiTiis of all tho lot alone has consolation— if ho j has arrcd;.-iii tlie multitudo of- suits ho can coimt tlie rownjd. And the Premier may well expect m defending liis colleagues tind iu etieuuutiug tiicir faults, to lie excused from miub roforouco to his owii. But those be trembles mt to bo avoided— not to'be slurred over. Whatever policy they may£ nvow now, it must causo oifiuco iflii—RcccTdance-witii- tlieir administrntive coiduct. Thoy will not bo iucouristeut in princijlc, for-as yet-nouo-Iias. boon extant'. Tliev vcro Inst 'session in tlmt respect a blank— the; have boonFince. We .will venturo to say, that iu spito ot tius now benignity "of r metropolitan reliance, before tho comiug session is over, we shall bo left to a feast of frag ments and abandonments agaiu. \ 