VICTOR HUGO ON TUB TURKISH ATROCITIES. It becomes necessary to call the attention of the European Governments to a fact so small it seems that the Governments appear not to per ceive it. The fact is this, a people is being assassinated. Where?- In Europe ! Has this act witnesses 1 One witness, the whole world. Do the Governments see it.? No. The nations have above them something which is below them -the Governments. Governments see nothing through the short-sightedness peculiar to them ; while the human race looks on with another eye, the conscience. We are about to astonish" European Governments by teaching, them that crimes are crimes ; that it is no more allowable; for a Government than for an individual to' be" an assassin ; that Europe is solidair ; that all that happens in Europe is done by; Europe; that if there exists a wild beast government it: must be treated as a wild beast; that at the! present moment, quite close by us,' there under" our eyes, people are massacring, burning, pil laging, exterminating, .cutting the throats' of fathers and mothers, selling the little girls arid boys; that the children, too. small to be sold are being cut in-two'by the blow of a sabre ; that; families :are i burnt', their, houses; that one town-(Batak, for' example)' has been' reduced..ill- .a few hours ifrotn 9000 inhabitants' tbr.:1300; ithiat the cemeteries , are chokedjwith more corpses than can be buried;' so -th&tfto; the'living who1 have sent them carnage, tlie dead send'back the pestilence,.which is only fair. We teach the Governments of Europe this, that pregnant women are being ripped open, to kill the children in' their womb ; that iri the public squares there are heaps of the remains of women with the trace of this treatment; that ' dogs gnaw, in/the streets the skulls; of outraged ;gids ; ,that all this is horrible ; that a,gesture of the Governments of Europe would be'enough to prvent it,.and the savages who commit these, crimes are. terrifying^ and that the civilized who' let them commit them aire appalling. The time has , come to raise one's , voice. The . universal' /indignation is being aroused.' There 'are hours when the'hunian conscience 'speaks and orders j Governments' ? to ; iisten.r: , The Governments, I stammer a reply.' They have already tried this' stammer. ;They say it is exaggerated. Yes, it' is exaggerated. It was hot in a few hours that the town of Batcik was '.extermina^edij* It was, in a few days. It is said 200 villages were' burnt-there ;were. only 99.,. .What?.you call pestilence is only typhus, All;tlie iwpiiien ha,ve not been outraged ; all the girls have not been' sold ;' a few have escaped. < Prisoners have been mutilated, but their heads have also/been cut off,3 which 'lessens the thing. The infant said to have been thrown from one pike to the other was j in reality, -'only, placecl on the point."of one bayonet. Where there is' one, you1 put two ; <you! -exaggerate the 't\i'o,:itc.: AricV then '.why lias''this people re volted ?: Why do not a flock of men let them selves be,owned like,a herd of animals ? -.Why, . &c.; % ' This , fashion of palliating: increases .the horror. To' quibble'with: public indignations nothing more miserable... Let us, .call things by tlieir name.; To 'kill 'a' man at, tlie'.corner of a wood' called the "forest of Bondy is a crime ; to kill a people at the corner of that wood,calledt Diplomacy, is a crime also^-a greater, one. rThat is all the difference., Does " crime "diriiinish_in .proportion to, its enormity 1 Alas, that is, in deed an old law of history. Kill six men, you are Troppman.; kill,600,000 you are;,p®?ar., ../JJp. be monstrous is to be acceptable. Witness the .St.; Bavthlomew blessed by Rome,.the Dragon nades glorified by Bossuet, the 2nd of December saluted by Europe. ; But.it is time that the ,olcl law is succeded by the new law. However , black the night, the horizon must end by getting light. .Yes, the night, is blacky we are at the rising of ghosts. After tlie Syllabus behold, the Koran. From one Bible to the other people fraternise. Behind the .Holy See stands the : Sublime Porte. We are .given the choice :.of darkness,- and seeing that Rome, oftered us its middle ages, Turkey has thought proper to offer us hers.; It is :tiine -there .issues from i civilisation a . peremptory prohibition to i go further. . This prohibition to go . further in crime we, the people, intimate to the Governments.: " But," we are .tpld,. _you forget that there are questions ! To murder a man is a crime, to murder a people is a question. Each Government has its question.; We reply, Humanity also has its question in this. It is greater, than India, England and Russia. It is the .infant in its mother's womb.. Let us supersede the political- question by the human question. The whole future is there. Let us say- it. The future; whatever is done, will exist; Everything serves, it, even primes.,. What ishappeningiii Ser,via proves the necessity of the United States of Europe; -Let the dis-. tinct Governments be'succeeded-by 'the united peoples. Let us have done with the murderous empires. Let us :inuzzleV..the fanaticisms and despotisms. Afterifcsfashi6h,aad just, because -it' is horrible, savagery testifies for civilisation. What Europe requires is a European nationality -one Government, one immense fraternal arbi tration,. Dem ocracy at , peace with itself , all the sister.'nations having,-for tli6ir/'city and capital, Paris-that is Liberty, havmg Light as.its, capital-in one word,- the United States, of Europe. There -is the gaol,' there is' the port. It was only truth yesterday ; to-day, thanks to this executions of Ser via, it is evidence, lo the thinkers are added the assassins-the proof was' «iven by the monsters. The future is a god drawn by tigers. -Paris Rappcl. . 'STEAM- TRACTION ENGINE.'-One?of, Fowler's double-cylinder traction engines, of 14-h.drse power, is now to be seen in Echuca; perhaps for the first- time. The engine was shunted from Rochester, where' it has been employed in ploughing, and was passing through the town when the main shaft broke, and rendered it helpless. In Annosley-street the accident oc j curred, and the huge machine now lies ou the side of the road for the time being, a wreck. The owner, Mr. Brazier, has entrusted the i'e-" pairs to Mr. J. W. I-Iorwood, of the Eclnica Foundry works, and a new shaft is being make. The ponderous engine will be employed' to drive the machinery of a . sawmill at -Red bank, which was lately purchased by Mr. Quiggan, from Mr. R. Barbour. The new shaft will be fitted in a day or two. Traction engines of-the same make are largely employed in Melbourne, to level. metalled ; streets, by drawing ponderous rollers, whiclii illustrates-the advantage of the_block,roads of,,Eclinca,7which require no such1 formation J: ? The engines -are likewise useful whenever, sfc'eaiiv; powers is( re quired, ^besides.7 possessing. the' quality of ^self carriage, find involving no cost; of. transifc. ; i "' - WIIECIC 'OF ;THE' S;S.:! OTA'OOC-Tele^riims in Melbourne, papers annouiice,tHe "total wrecli of this fine vessel, belonging to Messrs. M'Meckan, Blackwood, and,;,.Co.., and? valued at £30,000, only half of which is covered by insurance. - The Otago left Sydney 5 on! the 22nd November, for Hokitika, thence .she sailed for Bluff Harbor. When within. thirty,'; miles, of' this port, at a dangerous,headland on. the.New Zealand coast, called Chasjand's-Mistake,, the Otago ran ashore in a fog. ^ The officers and crew, forty-one in number,; woro saved.. /Captain, George Calder is favorably known as a cautious and reliable sea man, having "fornierly cdihinanded the Omeo, during wliich he made several trips to Port Darwin, and only left her twelve months ago, to take charge of the Otago. It is feared that Captain Calder was hugging the laud too closely in one of those dangerous fogs which almost always envelope the south coast of New Zealand. FK.UAi.SOUTEKS.-Female sorters are to be appointed at the General Post-office shortly. There have been a large number of applications, though the wages will be low-from 18s. to a maximum of £2 15s. a week. 