Humour. THE LATE DOWLING, SENIOR. My friend,’ Jacob Dowling, Esq., had been spending the day very agreeably in his counting-room with some companions, and at night retired to the domestic circle to ravel out some intricate accounts. Seated at his parlour table be ordered bis wife, and children out of the room and ad dressed himself to business. While clam bering wearily up a column of tigures he felt, upon his cheek the touch, of some thing that seemed to cling: clammily to the skin like the caress of a naked oyster. Thoughtfully setting down the result of his addition .so far as he had proceeded with it, he turned about and looked up; -■ “ I beg your pardon, sir,’ said he, *• but you-have not the advantage of my ac quaintance." “Why, Jake,” replied the whom ,1 have thought it useless to de scribe —“ don’t you know ine, V” . “ I confess that your countenance is fa miliar,” returned my friend, “ but I cannot at this moment recall your name. I never forget a face, but.names I cannot remem ber.”-.,, .... “Jake!” rumbled the spectre with se pulchral dignity, : a look of displeasure crawling across his pallid,features,“you’re foolin’.” .'. “I give you my word I am quite se rious. Oblige me with your name, and favour me with a statement of your busi ness with me at this hour.”; The disembodied party sank uninvited into a . chair, spread out his knees, and stared blankly at , a Dutch clock with an air of weariness and profound discourage ment. Perceiving that his guest was making himself tolerably comfortable, my friend turned again Jo his figures, and si lence reigned supreme. The fire in the grate burned noiselessly with a mysterious blue light; as if it could do more if it wished ; the Dutch clock looked wise, and, swung its pendulum with studied exact ness, like one who is determined to do his precise duty and shun responsibility ; the cat assumed an attitude of intelligent neutrality. Finally the spectre trained his pale eyes upon his host, pulled in a long breath, and remarked: “Jake, I'm yur dead father. I come back to have a talk with ye ’bout the way things is . agoin’ on. I want to know ’f you think it’s right Hotter, recognise yur dead parent V” “It is a little rough on you, dear,” re plied the son without looking up, “ but the fact is that [7 and 3 are 10, and 2 are 12, and 6 are 18] it is so long since you have been .about [and 3 off are 15] that I had kind of forgotten, and [2 into 4 goes twice, and 7 into G you can’t] you know how it is yourself. May Ibe permitted to again inquire the precise nature of your present business ?” . “ Well, yes—if you won't talk anything but shop, I s’pose I must come to the p’iut. 1 say! you don’t keep anything to drink ’bout.yer, do ye, Jake V” . • “14 from 23 are 9—l’ll get you some thing when we get done. Please explain how we can serve one another.” “ Jake, I done everything,for yon, and you ain’t done nothin’for hie s’nce I died. I want a monument bigger’n Dave Bro derick’s, with an eppytaph in gilt letters, by Joaquin Miller. I can’t git into any kind o’ society till 1 have ’em. .You’ve no idee how exclusive they are where I am.” • . , The dutiful son laid down his pencil, and effected a stiffly vertical attitude. He; was all attention : ;■ else to-day ?”, he asked—, rather sneeringly, I grieve to state. “ No-o-o, I don’t think of anything spe cial,” drawled the ghost rellectively; “I’d like'to have an iron fence around it to keep the cows off, but I s’pose that’s in cluded.” “Of course! And a gravel walk, and a lot of alabone shells, and fresh posies daily ; a marble angel or two for com pany, and anything else that will add. to your comfort; Have you any othei ex tremely reasonable request to make of me?” “Yes—since you mention it. I want you to contest m} r will. Horace Hawes is having his’n contested.” 11 My fine friend, yoii did not make any will.” i . ‘ “ That ain’t o’ no consequence. You forge me a good ’un and contest that.” “ With pleasure, sir; but that will be extra. Now indulge me in one question. You spoke of the society where you reside. Where do you reside V” The Dutch clock ■ pounded clamorously upon its bronze gong a countless multi tude of hours ; the glowing coals fell like an- avalanche through the grate, spilling all over the cat, who exalted her voice in a squawk like the deathwail of a stuck pig, and dashed affrighted through the window. , A smell of scorching fur per vaded the place, and under cover of it the aged spectre walked into the mirror, va nishing-like a dream. ,■ 