IRELAND. ME. JUSTIN MCCARTHY ON HOME ETJI/E. I ho cele prated _- essayist, Mr. Justin McCarthy, has contributed an article on Home Eule to. the Galaxy, from which the following are extracts : — The Home Rulers succeeded the Fenians sojJ suddenly that the one had hardly gone when the other had filled the scene. Are the Home Rulers then only Fenians in disguise ? By uo means; they are not only different men, with different aims, but they are even a different class of men. The Fsnians were for the most part men of the humbler class. I remember Mr. John Stuart Mill once remarkiug to me that this fact constipated in his mind the serious ness of tho movement— the fact that it had sprung from the soil and seemed to need no leaders. The Home rulers are men of what would be called the upper or the upper middle class. They comprise some land lords, many merchants aud men of business, some lawyers, some journalists — the classes of men of which in Great Britain members of Parliament are made. The movement origi nated in a serious and settled faith on the part of many men having a certain position in Ireland, that Feniauism and abortive re bellion could only be got rid of by starting a Parliamentary agitation for a reasonable degree of self-government, and thus with drawing all sensible nationalist's of any class from any participation, even in sympathy, with the feverish and fitful hopes of seditious organizations. Hei'e are the questions these men bad to ask themselves : Can Ireland ever hope or expect to be a separate aud independent nation P The answer must be — Sho cannot. But then, on the other hand, will tho majority of! tbe Irish people ever be content with the present system, which makes Irish legislation depend upon a Parliament composed five 'parks cu1; of six Englishmen P So far as human specula tion can give an answer, they will never be so content. They grow loss and less contented in every generation. What tben9 reaaonablo' meu ask themselves, is to be done P Somei of them turned their eyes to the example off your system, and asked why should not Ireland tl bo free to govern herself in mere local affairs, j while still a part of Groat Britain as regards « imperial legislation? Why should sho nofcj do what is done by every State in your Union? , The idea had a great fascination in it — all the ) more so^as ;the English Parliament is help* lessly and hopelessly encumbered with work, is stifling under a mass of unmanageable responsibilities, and is compelled session aftes? session to let the most important duties ro main undischarged simply beeauso there id no time to give to them. Thero io at least something to be said for the demand that Ire land should have the control of he? local affairs. The men who first put the demand into shape, and gave it a name, were certainly not professional agitators. The first chairman of the Homo Rule Association (I believe he fa chairman still) wa3 Mr. William Shaw, a banker and merchant, a man of wealth, and essentially a man of business, a Protestant, never before the birth of Home Rule known to be engaged in any political agitation. The first election contest at which a candidate . came forward ouv the Home Rule platform ended in the election of a Home Buler9 Mr. Blennerhassettj a young Iijisfo landlord of rank and fortune, one of tho moot intimata friends of the.. venerable Earl Rusaell nnd his family. The second Home Eulei1 elected to Parliament as such vras Captain Noloo, an Irish landlord, who had. distinguished MmaeH as an artilleFy officer in the English army, and whose judgment in military affairs is looked to with the higbteat respect by all parties in the House of Commons. Now, whatever may be said of the movement, it is clear that these men were not Fenians, no? turbulent anarchists,, nor needy adventurers, nor fools. The Home Rule movement ones started seemed to have a positive fascination in it. Many Irishmen already in Parliament gave in their adhesion to it. Some great Irian landlords like the late Lord Fermoy (a Pro testant) lent it their warmest support. It wanted a leader in Parliament. Mr. Shaw, who had for some years held a respectable position in the liouso of Commons, was not much of a politiean ; and the new men were too young. The leadership would probably have fallen to my valued and lamented friend, the late John Francis Maguire (as able and honest an Irishman as ever conquered tho respect of the House of Commons), but for tho sudden reappearance on the political stage of a man so remarkable in talents and in career as to deserve some description. Forty year3 ago, Mr. Isaac Butt was a brilliant youn^ advocate in Dublin, professor of political economy in Trinity College, and editor of the Dublin University Magazine. He was a Protestant and a Tory of the deepest con victions. A little later he distinguished himself as a bold and clever opponent of O'Oonnell, of the priests, and of the agitatiom for Eepeal of the Union. He rose at the Bar, and soon became one of the most elo» quent and successful (perhaps I ought to say the most eloquent and successful) among Irish advocates. He defended, as a matter of professional duty, poor Thomas Francis Meagher, when the latter was tried for high treason, and he was so carried away by his interest in his client and his own eloquence, that he succeeded in making his hearers think treason to England an Irishman's most sacred duty. When he had described the talents, the character, the brilliant youth, the happy, home, the assured position of the prisoner he suddenly asked how such a man came to stand in a felon's dock ; and he answered kte own question in words of passionate indignation : ' Because tho curse of Swiff; is on him — because he is a man of genius and an Irishman !' Afterwards Butfc defended tiie present Sir Unaries Gavan 1/uity, and succeeded in persuading some of the jurors to refuse to assent to a verdict of guilty. So Duffy had at las1, to be released — to enter the English Parliament, and afterward go to Australia and become a Minister of the Crowu there, and receive a. Ivnightb/ od from the Queen. But Isaac Butt st'll remained a Tory. The English Protectionist party, defeated by Cobdon and Bright, and thrown over by Sir Robert Peel, got up a reactionary agitation. They hoped to succeed by arts learned from their enemies-— by agitatioa and by popular eloquence. They had no great speakers of their own — even Disraeli did not ' amount to much 'as the orator of a monster meeting. They imported a.n orator— -they adopted Isaac Butt. At fchexi? great tumultuous meeting the eE-professor of political economy was their spokesman. Kio powerful voice, his flashing eyes, his large form, his face— not handsome indeed — look- ing rather like that of a negro suddenly blanched, but capable of varied expression— greatlv impressed tho heavy-headed Tory crowds. His English patrons soon got him into Parliament, where he signalized himself early by a vehement attack on Mr. Cobden. * * * Fenianism broke out, and Fenian trials eanio on, aud Butt defended the Fenians with all his power — with all that strange blending of persuasiveness and passion which was his early characteristic. He succeeded in obtaining an acquittal, or at least a disagreement of the jury, in some cases that seemed hopeless. He grew popu lar in Ireland, and he proclaimed himself a . Liberal aud a Nationalist. The Home Rule movement began, and Butt declared himaelf to bo a Homo Ruler. He offered himself as a candidate fora vacant seutinParliamonfc, aud was eleoted ; and from that moment it was evident that Home Rule had found its leader. The House of Commons asxr with, curiosity, surpriso, and a sort of good natuved. interest the return of Ibu^o JJuti t% ' Vits benches after some sis years of absence. '' He had grown old looking; But he very 'soon beg;m to show his strength. He dis -played a cool, easy cleverness in argument ; 5 he . was a master of law. of constitutional principles, of the forms of the House ; he was always ready ; he spoke with studied ' moderation, only rarely enlivened by a burst 'pf the old passionate fervour, as ii: to show ^that he could be eloquent when he chose, lie ''gave a curious impression of power 'and of ease. The House soon be fgan to find that he knew far (oo much 'and was far too skilful in argument-, to be ^'easily dealt with by any opponent, and noiue rhow, I cannot tell how, lie quietly took his ''place- at once in public estimation amou,? '.'Jthe, foremost men in the House. _ I do not £y-?t know whether in t'-ie end it will pr:vc a /fgtiod fortune or a salarnity for Home Rule *'that Mr. Butt has become its leader, but I 'know that thus far he has managed its affairs 'in Parliament with admirable judgment and l;with great success. The general elections in !lB74seiit a regular Home Eule party into ' Parliament. Mr. Butt counts a following or ''Me 60 members* and it seems probaMe that rWery'Eew cliange and opening will ndd to 1 'this number. Indeed there seems iv- :Iiance ''Sowin Iveland for any candidate wh ? is not 'either the nominee of some great an,:, power ful landlord or of the Home liule Associ ation. I am not by any means convinced r-rttiat all who follow Mr. Butts lead are in ''their hearts very anxious to see Home Eule ^introduced into Ireland. Some of the conver '?Rlbhs to his side were too rapid to allow us lo iHayemuclifaithin their sincerity. An Irish laud ?^lord, for example, whose tendencies were all 'iaris.'-oopafcic, and who spout five-sixths oMiis ~ life in London, who had no sympathy what ever with Irish 'national' aspirations, and c''Eated agitation of any kind, suddenly found 'that in -his own country, which he represented '^itt'the House of Commons, he had no chance ''-#' being elected again unless he declared for ;;:the Home Eule programme. Is it any wonder 5-thaf he he became for the time a Home ^IJulerP One young Irish landlord wss placed lVih a fearful predicament. I do not believe u'!thdt the choice oi Hercules could have boeu P:nearly so distressing. He was a man of good 'J'family, high social position, an oJlicer in a -;i* crack.' regiment, a member of a particularly * select military club. He loved London society, /''and especially Ms club. He discovered ''that the county which he represented in ^?parliament would never elect him again if ? :ftie did hot become a Home lluler, and th-it '?'?the 'members1 of his club would ''send him to ''Coventry ' it he did. He would not serve ''-?the -two masters — his country and his club. '-;He chose ? the latter service, and resigned ''?his -seat in Parliament. But there wore f 'other cases in which the Hercules, compelled ' .to make his election, chose the other way, 'and swallowed the Home Rule profession. ?*'/'' V '?'. Twenty years ago the late eccentric ?^atid clever Henry Druminond — a sort of ^Tliadeus Stevens of Toryism — warned Mr. ''-Disraeli in a letter which has since buen '?published, that Mr. Butt was a man he had ^'better 'buy' at once.. Perhaps Mr. Dis ? Vraeli neglected the advice, or perhaps Butt -* was net bo easily bought. Anyhow Mr. ^©Israeli did not effect the purchase, and Mr. ??Batt lived to become the leader of the Irish 5tpar'tyj\on whoso votes some day or other the 'Idt'eof an English ministry, will inevitably iVTHE IRISH LxVNGUAG-E — PLACES WHEEE IT IS ^ ' PHINCIPALLY SPOKEN. ? '^:It cannot fail to be interesting to many of ''pur readers to know the particular localities -'where the old tongue is still spoken ; more ^specially ?at present when there is such a -''widespread, desire amongst nearly all classes 'of Irishmen to study and preserve from decay 'the grand and ancient language of their fore ''-fathers; Wewill preface our remarks, however, ? by stating thatthedecay of the language, great ;as it, unfortunately, has been, nevertheless is not nearly so great as some would lead us to : suppose. We will commence with the 'Province of Leinster. It is popularly believed %;'thflfc the Irish language is completely dead fin Leinster. This is not so, but it must bo ^admitted that its decadeneein Leinster duriug ''this century has been more rapid than in any Mother of the provinces. At the beginning of ' the present century, Irish was spoken in every county of Leinster except Wicklow and ' Wexf6rd ; at present it is dead in all except 'Louth, Meatti Kilkenny, and Longford ; ?ifc may be said to be dead in the last-named ?'ediihty, as it is spoken only by a few in 'the ' extreme northern part. The same may be said of Me'ath: Its decadence in Meath has ' been very rapid. Forty years ago it was ^spoken all through -the northern section of ?^Meath and Westmeath ; at present very few of the young people are acquainted wi'th it. In Kilkenny, Irish is more or less under ?stbod and spoken all through the southern half of the 'county, especially in the parts ?adjoining Tipperary and Waterford. It is 'curious that not a vestige of it remains Amongst the glens of Wicklow. . It would seem as if it became extinct in Wicklow sooner than any other county in. Iveland. 'Even in '98 it would appear that th-; stub born pikemen who went so near overthrow ing British rule did not know a word of ifc, Or n,t leaab did not use it as a medium of con voreat/ioa f whiloi at; tlie mm period, Irish 1 wag spoken in almost the whole northern half of the county Dublin. There arc even at present many old people in -ho neigh bourhood of A;shborne who speak i!;. In ihe i proviw.ee of Ulster it is still spoken in every i county. In uplte of Or.uK-eism, Scotch ! planters, aad Twelfth of July rowdies, ifc has I held its ground, Ifc has, horiover, only a ! small hold in IXnvu and Antrim. In the j former county it is spo!con only in v,he vici ' nity of tht! Mou.-iie mountain, ^il !-i An ' trim only in the glens abauL- Cru^hcini iii and Cmshcndun. In Dorry atid Tyrono it v; not much .spoken. In the latter county the genera, use of the language amongst the farmers and and peasantry may be said to bd confined to a district- called Muiulir Looney, Iforth of Oina^h. From there ifc spreads [''northwards iiivo the county Dorry, and ifc is still a good deal spoken in the hilly districts in the southern part of that county. In Armagh it is only spoken in the southern half of the county, principally in. the hilly district round Slav Gullio'n. It would be hard to give the precise | limits of where the language is spoken in the counties of Moiiiiglian, Oavan, ;vnd Ferman agh as ifc is more ov less spoken all through fclioxe three counties in the rurnl districts except in localities where the inhabitants ar, altogether of Scofchdeaeeut, and consequently Protestants. The county Donegal is cue of the strongholds of thelrish language. By the last cenru-i there were nearly fifty thou sand persons in this patriotic county that used their native tongue. In no other county in Ireland do the people stick to thcirnative langirige with such firm tenacity. It is spoken all through the country except in thet extreme eastern border. It is a curious face it was in this noble county, which still so loves its native tongue, that the last great Irish book wai.-i written, that one of the last and one; of tho greatest; Irish patriots was born. Donr\\!'-.'il nv.\y well be proud of the Annals of the Four Masters and llu^i Roo O'Donnell. Irish is spoken in every cnunty in Minister, but principally in Cork. Water ford. Clare- and Kerry. In Limerick and Tipperary it is last going out ot use. U m:iy be said to bo dead i i tiio northern half of Tipperary except i:i the mountainous dis tricts. Tiie m^;i of this famous county should put their shoulders to the wheel and not suffer the'rvselvers to bo tauntod with the disgrace of havino; suffered their mother tongue to die. The county Limerick is nearly in as bad a plight as Tipperary. Forty years ago a considerable y-ivfc of the business of Liaaerick was transacted in Irish; almost all the storekeepers spo\e ifc iluontly ; but now not one in five, of the business men in the 'beautiful city ' knows a word of it. In Clare the language has a stronghold still. Ifc would indeed bo sad if the country in which Bryan Mc-mman composed the 'Midnudii; Court '—Quirt an mhcadhan ocihdho —were to forget her native language. The County of Waterford is another great stronghold of Gaelic. It is spoken all through it, frcm the Barrow to tho BImcIc water. This county was the adopted home of one of ths greatest of modern Gaelic poets — namely, Donchadh liuadh Mac Coumara. Ris Ban chnoie Eiroan O is one of tho most exquisite ,'yrics ever composed in any lan guage or in any age. It has been translated and versifier! by the celebrated and gifted James Clarence Mi.;ngan. In Connaught evf-.ryonc is popularly supposed to be able to spoaic jLi'isn ; ]mo alas ! there are few parts in Ireland where the language is more rapidly falling into decay. Whether it isJbccausjso many of the working classes in this province emigrate annually to England, Sand as evil communications invari ably corrupt good manners, they affect on their return a contempt for their own langu-- age, aud very often attempt even the English accent ! A Connaught man trying to talk English after tho manner of a Lancashire chawbaeon is cue of the most pitiably objects in tne world. The decay of the Irish language in Conuaughi, is a towfold loss, because it is there tho most correct and polishad dialeotof Gaelic is spoken. The dialect spoken iu the Connaught stands nearly in the same relation to the language spoken in the other provinces that Tuscan does to Italian, or Castilian to Spauish — that it to say, it is the best and purest ; and there is every reason to think that if tho Irish language were to come into general use again, it would bo the Connaught diaiccfc that would bo used in tho written language throughout tho Island, Irish has' however, still a great hold all through Con' naught, except in tho .southern parts of Ross common and Leitrim. In these two districts it may be said to be extinct, but in all other parts of the province ifc is very generally known and spoken. ISrexfc to having the language foiught in. the National schools, the great thing that is wanting is a chsap class of (?lomenfary books. Their present hi:;h price puts them almost out of the reach of the poor. ? Lot us hope that the time is near when some patriotic publisher will see hi-; way to supply this important work. — Irishman. WERE THEY IHNGLISJI P From a spoiled article in the College \ M'.'s ago, published at St. Vincent's College, \ Cape Girardeau, Mo., under the heading \ ''.Hie-hard Sh ?? ??iclaii,'* we ma^e ih-: following .: extracts :— ? ' For a long time it has keen fchj fashion h, polite sircilos to' gall suols raeji as Goldsmith, Moore, Sheridan, Griffin, Barry, Mogan, Balfe, and Foley, Englishmen, and their works, whether of art or literature pro ductions of English genius— the gift of the English mind to the world. This mistake would surprise us were we not aware that people of pretensions, V-ko common folk, can sometimes be very stupid and very silly. Few readers of English literature hn.vo any idea what Irishmen have done for the English language. Even the reading public of Great Britain to-day is supplied by tho productions of the Irish mind to an extent which it is totally ignorant of, and what it should never suspect. There is no union between tho two countries, and there never h;is been. Union implies love or consent. It would be a mockery to say England loved Ireland and it would be a base falsehood to afll-'m that Ireland ever consented to English legislation and English lyrannj'. In her helplessness tshc has always cried out in eloquent protest, and in her extrcmo agony she has boen driven to acts of desperation. Wo know the explanation of the animosity oxisling between England and Ireland, but it is too shocking and too sad to be unnecos | sarily brought in here. Tis enough to say j that each country has a different story as I well as different hopes; the one is Celtic, the other Saxon; each has a nationality of its own ; England is powerful and dazzled with the brightness of her name) .Ireland has grown strong in suffering, is full of hope, and demands now as of yore what she once en joy od — national autonomy. Verily there is a diiierence botivecn l.he two countries. Ire land would be poor indeed ii' she had not her great names. She loves them by the right and with the strength of a twofold love — nature and misfortune. Therefore it i:; most unjust, nay cruel, to rob her of fhem. But since Lhe temple of freedom is shattered, the mouth of tho goddess gaj-god, and the giants of old laid 1 077, ev.ry pirate thinks himself at ii'-oi-ty to enter, walk amidst the ruins aud bear away the treasures and fhe best speci mens of the once stately pile. 'Tis not so. Proud of the past and jealous of her children's name, Ireland looks with well grounded and rational commence to the iuture. The present is her glory. ifer condition a quarter of ;.-. century ago and .her condition now admits of no comparison. Tins is a grand thought. Though, for our own part, we revere the past, yet we are too practical not to have regard for tho present. With the poet and the antiquarian we love the grandeur of her ruins; but the wondrous vitality, the recuperative power, and the purpose of the people we like still more, ilow sweet, calm and solemn the night may have been, we welcome tho new-born clay, hail with gladness the rays of morning light as they dart through tho grey clouds, and gaze with rapture on the .splendour of the rising sun. Ireland has twice lighted Europe, In the early centuries the torch of learning attracted to her shores the nWe? of the natiom Tn later years the sacred light was extinguished to give place to an unholy con flagration, tho blaze ot falling churches and schools, the fkm.'s of the houses of the peasantry and the cabins of tho p -or cant a lurid effulgence over tho whole continent. Another light is yet to come. National genius cannot be either born or developed unless liberators precede, make-room for, and sup ply suitable food for its subsistence. When this event shall have happened a new bard will strike again the ancient lyre of his country and sing a new and inspired song to his redeemed, people. Then, too, will Ire land's historian come forth and write the story of his country. What a task ! How great a man ! He shall have the integrity of John Mitchel, the patriotism of Thomas Davis, tho patient erudition of Eugene O'Curry, the piety of the four Masters, and the genius of thorn all. When wo commenced this article we intended writing of Sheridan, we have drifted hither and must c?;3t anchor though the voyage is scarcely begun. SINGULAR DISCOVERY IN DUBLIN. Lord James Butler has just made a singular discovery of a work of art in Dublin. Having a wish to ascertain what were the contents of the cellars of the house long occupied by the Hoy a I Society of Dublin, he caused an examination of them to be made. In the course of the investigation a large painting war, discovered, which, iu spite of dust and mildew, appeared to possess some value. Competent artists were called to examine, the painting, and their judgment was to the folio iving effect :— When Georgo IV. visited Dublin, iu 1821, some of the principal citizens met together and resolved to per petuate the remembrance of his visit. After some deliberation, it was decided that a large historical picture should be painted, and Mr. Thompson, an artist of considerable repu tation in those days, was commissioned to execute the work, lhe king having granted several sittings to the pain'.er, a very Striking likeness of his majesty was produced, and the picture when finished gave general satisfaction. In lhe centre 'jf the canvas, which measures 16 feet by 10. stands the king, and around him a -e grouped more than 100 well known membe \s cf t ie Irish society of that period. Thm-e is (he duke of Moid; roye, the Knight of Kerr.', Viscount Sidmoutli, I&?d O'Neil, and other*. As all r-he figures a © Vdritftbto porfaMiis, tho picture lias groat historical value-, and it is very remarkak llit-it it should have been so strange] neglected. For many years it had complotell disappeared, and nobody seems to haVp I inquired what had become of Mr. Thompson'' painting. Since its recovery the picture 1m, been cleaned and retouched, but as yet'l large number of the portraits have not I) ccn identified. It is certain, however, tint Daniel O'Conuell is not included in t|'l0 group. THH FROLICS OF LIMERICK. The city of the Shannon ? sliora has now become quite celebrated forthe light hearted gaiety of its chief public men. When IW g;t' her together for the public good they p-0. cecd to a playful interchange of badinage and after an hour or two speat in delightful' witticisms, chiefly of a personal nature, they separate, having quite dismissed the business for which they were invited. A long course of conduct pursued on principles like this li^ produced very remarkable results. In this P Limerick Workhouse there are private r amusements which are quite unknown in 1 similar retreats in other portions of the island, I The guardians cheer on the paupers and p their offices by a fivqurnfc disploy of lively ? eloquence, in which Lml Clarina, the lion, Mr. Filzgibbon, and a m-dical gentleman named O'Sullivau are the prettiest musten, Limerick prison ia an exceedingly pleasant retreat for those who have found vice un comfortable, or whose natural depression of spirits has led to occasional infractions of the amenities of society. But none of these institutions can compare with the Corpora* tion, which lacks but the ghost of poor Barney Sheehan to make it a blessing to the v.-holo province. The las!: performance was given on Wednesday. Wo learn thai No. 2 Committee had recommended, doubt less on excellent grounds, that tho whole corporate property body bo sold, the gas works alouo excopted. Whether this last clause was introduced to enable the Mayor to turn oil' the gay as ho liked, in virtue of a celebrated precedent, v.e arc not able to say, The special meeting was called, aud it was supposed that so grave a matter as a clear ance sale would secure a nroper attendance, When tho hour c:nne there was what u known on Cork Kill as ' no house,' and a sally fras made through the city to catch for getful member?. At Ja^t 'a house,' was got together, and the groat question was aboatto be proposed, when councillor after councillor rose and proposed the reinstatement of a series of watchnlon who had been dismissed, for frequent; convictions of druukciines', The old definition of a watchman —a person paid by the parish to sleep in the open air — is still held in Limerick ; the watchmen sleep as they can in tho gutters, m boxes, and other strange retreats. Experience has proved that these men, previous to going to sleep, generally contrive to get drunk, or at least to produce upon themselves that 1 stupour which in other cities cornea from a consumption of whisky, but in Limerick -is soMy due to atmospheric influences. The Mayor has indicted fines, sent some of tlicra to gaol, and many have been dismissed tlifl service. How, indeed, can a man shout to the sleeping inhabitants that it ia ' past ono' when he is lying drunk with his head iu a wheelbarrow ? However, the Council as sembled to sell out tho property bethought them that it would be better to begin b/ having back tho legitimate guardians of that property, and eight watchmen were accord ingly re- appointed without a dissentient voice. Mr. Counihan, indeed, ventured to stigmatize the watchmen as a 'drunken pack,' and the 'proceedings as ' positively disgrace ful ;' and Alderman Mylos, with, a beautiful pathos, lamented the impression which he ami his follows— 'a beautiful lot of business men' — would produce ' upon the world,1 We do not think there is ground for grid' iil this 1 itter speculation. The world, strange aJ it may appear, has become quite accustomed to Limerick, and if it does wonder, exercises her faculty, more in sorrow than in anger. The sale, it is said, will bo considered on Tuesday ne't, and if its success removes till) rdi.suit, d'etre of tho Council, wo dare say Limerick will survive the blow. — Dublin Evening Teleg'viph. REFUSING THE SACRAMENT. A curious action for libel was tho subject of a meeting in Chambers yesterday, before baron Deasy, upon a motion to set aside some pleadings. The plaintiff, named Mr. Tag gart, is a merchant in Kilrea, in Londonderry, and the defendant, the Rev. James Stewart, a Presbyterian minister, and the cause of action was the refusal of the defendant to give to the plaintiff a ' token,'1 or card of ad- mission to the Sacrament; upon the ground that he had committed perjury in the trial | of -a party case. ' Damages are laid at £1000 | The case will involve the consideration of I questions affecting the discipline of the Pres byterian Church similar, in some respects, to those raised in the O'Keeffo ca*e. It will be tried at the Assize3. 