THE PURSUIT OF A HERITAGE. (From Harper's Monthly Magazine.) " My beloved nephew," said the Hon- orable Mr Brewster, one morning recently, to a large party of guests assembled upon a memorable occasion, " has developed a talent in his profession as rare as it is commendable, a patience and originality in research, an inde- pendence and reticence in action, which evince the highest capability for the pursuit of our noble calling. I have always entertained for him the warmest aspirations, and I now predict for him a brilliant future !" Then followed a burst of applause and acclamation, in the midst of which the honorable gentleman wiped his gold ribbed spectacles and sat down. There may have been tears upon those pebbles ; probably the eminent barrister meant every word that he said. When he got upon his legs in response to the toast in his nephew's honor, and cast that beam- ing, refulgent look to his side of the table, he considered him probably at that moment not only the light of his existence, but a planet of no ordinary magnitude to a benighted world. Nevertheless, candor compels me to state that only a short period previous he had called him a disreputable young scoundrel, an idle, unprincipled dog, a disgrace to his name, and a blight to his profession. And he had not had recourse to these strong expressions to relieve a momen- tary outburst of wrath, but Tom was assailed with them upon all occasions in which he was unfortunate or stupid enough to allow himself to be left alone with his uncle. Mr Brewster had too much respect for himself and the tie between them to descend to this abuse in the presence of others ; he then maintained a cold and severe silence, eyeing Tom with the malignity of a basilisk, and asking him if he'd have a bit of mutton in the same tone he de- sired of a hardened culprit the reason why he should not be hanged. The fact was, the uncle and nephew didn't get on together. The qualities that had descended in a direct line from the remote branches of a respectable genealogical tree were altogether want- ing in Tom's composition. The mantle of dignity, eloquence, research, etc., had not fallen gracefully upon his shoulders, but was rather given to lop- ping aside, and not long since had been nearly trampled under his feet. It was not Tom's fault that the wo- men- folks had been out late at a festi- vity the night before, had come down to the morning meal in a rather chaotic state, and sipped their chocolate, dal- lied with their steak, and gone back comfortably to bed. Mr Brewster in- sisted that his household should arise at a certain hour, and assemble together at breakfast. His feminines, who had inherited considerable tact that way, complied with the legal form, but shifted its practical requirements ; and the worthy barrister, who ought to have been the last man in the world to find fault with any thing in his own line of business, nevertheless attacked Tom the moment his cousin Emily's skirts had whisked out the door. " Have you done anything with those papers of Brown versus Smith, Sir ? There were some points there to be elucidated." " If you'll point me the points, Sir —" began Tom, meekly. " Hah !" snarled his uncle ; "that's your business, Sir. But the fact is, where talent and inclination are both wanting in the pursuit of a profession, it had better be abandoned. I recom- mend to you the vocation of a mounte- bank, or strolling musician, or a master of dancing. Yah !" And impelled from the tip of his uncle's boot, there sped across the room to Tom's feet a ragged mop of a Skye terrier. " If that dog isn't out of the house this very day," roared his uncle, "I'll have Wilkins pound out his brains. What with your dogs and your women —" " Sir !" cried Tom indignantly. " Would you rather I'd call them ladies ? In truth, the honorable name of womanhood is disgraced by these belaced and furbelowed pup- pets of fashion with whom you squander your time, with whom you go round and round on tiptoe, contract- ing your muscles and bending your spine, whose skeins of wool you hold upon your idle hands, with whom you drum and thrum, making the air hideous with your wretched rhymes and discord- ant song. But I warn you, Sir — I warn you, not one penny of your fortune shall be yours unless you comply with the decrees of your father's will." " Hang my fortune !" cried Tom, choked with indignation. "You're welcome to it, Sir." He went over to his uncle and ex- tended his hand, severely and sadly. His voice trembled, for at that moment he felt he should perhaps never see him again. " Good-bye, Sir," said Tom, "We may never meet again. It is possible I may be driven to embrace one of the vocations you have mentioned, and in that case, Sir —" " In that case, Tom," said his uncle, calmly, "you'd better take your dog along. He will, no doubt, prove a valu- able accessory." Tom lifted his terrier Tag by his head from the floor, put him in his overcoat pocket, and went out without another word. Shortly after, he sang plaintively, twanging the air upon the strings of a rusty guitar, " The only one that's left me is this little dog of mine." Tom was sitting upon the top of a cage filled with white mice ; at his side was the stronghold of a celebrated ferret ; a profane and vindic- tive parrot clawed and shrieked upon a brass ring over his head ; some mild- eyed doves clung together upon a still higher shelf ; and around and about him quarreled and chatted various specimens of the animal creation. A little old man, not unlike the terrier at Tom's knee, whose bushy eyebrows overhung two sharp ferrety eyes, his projecting forehead fringed with hair of a rusty brown and gray, his long thin arms and legs clad in a leathery material that defied the wrath of ages, ingeniously mended the broken wires of a trap, and nodded his head as Tom ran on, sometimes approvingly, some- times warningly, but principally with the air of one who humored while he deplored. This old man was a celebrated dog- fancier, and kept a queer old mart for the sale and exchange of fancies in ornithology, the canine tribe, and even the rarer specimens of reptiles. It was situated pretty well on the east side of town, at the confluence of a labyrinth of streets, and occupied the whole lower part of a structure that had held its own in the old days of colonial grandeur. A Corinthian order of architecture pre- vailed on this ground-floor, which facilitated the arranging and housing of his large family comfortably and securely, yet with an eye to the pictur- esque and striking. Tom had strolled for many a year through the colonades of this subter- ranean retreat, and had grown to be extravagantly fond of the tumult, the strife, and even the peculiar odor that permeated the premises. When particularly tired of the prim opulence and mathematical splendor at his uncle's domain, he would plunge down into the very bowels of Joe Com- stock's lair, and ramificate there for half a day. " The fact is, Joe," he said, upon the morning in question, "this poring over a musty old page and sifting out the chicaneries of dead and gone sinners is not in my line. I decline to set further by the ears an already distracted world. Wherever money is, it is pretty sure to be enjoyed, and he only knows its loss who has been once its possessor. What does it matter if somebody somewhere is revelling in the enjoyment of a hand- some income, and perhaps walking over our heads, in blissful unconsciousness thereof, is the rightful owner of the same ? But all this causes my uncle sleepless nights. Tons and tons of documents are poured in to him by malevolent pursuers of these different heritages, and he demands of me the labor of a Hercules in their behalf. Now I have a constitutional objection to labor of any kind, particularly to looking for anything. I always wait till it turns up. But hark, Joe !" Down from some unknown heights, becoming fainter as it ascended the stone staircase, came the clear virginal voice of a young girl : " 'Lons, 'lons là !" it sang. "Les jours se passent, Vides — miérablement —" Tom listened in vain for more — even the sad sweet echo was lost. He sighed, and said, in conclusion, there were more enchanting sounds came to him in one half hour in Joe Comstock's cellar than would reach him in half a century at his uncle's domain. " It's that French gal, Val'ry," said Joe. "She sings that way sometimes till she gets my people down here to screechin' their prettiest. There was a mocking-bird over there in that square cage that used to know enough to come in at the choruses. I believe he was in league with the devil, for how otherwise did he know that French jargon ? But I got a nice little penny for him by that gal's voice. I bore it in mind when mounseer was a little behind hand with his rent." " Is she pretty, Joe ?" " Well, as them furriners go, she may be. I wouldn't like to say, boy. Ef she had good wholesome food to fill her out a little and take that hungry look out of her eyes, she might be a farish- lookin' young woman, as them furriners go ; but her shoulder-blades are too sharp, her head's too little : she's all hair and eyelashes. No," added Joe, with impartial severity, "she ain't pretty. I'm afeerd she's ugly." " And poor ?" " As church mice, Tom. It must come kind o' tough to mounseer to make up the loss o' that di'mond. You see, he works at them pre- cious stones — pecks at 'em day in and day out ; makes quite a decent penny at it too. Before they had that bad luck, it wasn't so bad. Ma'm'selle looked better then, and sang, Tom, like a thrush in a country hedge. But one day, however it came about, one o' them di'monds got lost. The old woman was worse than usual, and fussin' about between his work-bench and her bed in the corner that little bit of a jewel got lost. Lord ! how they did go on up there ! I thought the house was afire. It beat the Jews where that stone went to. We hunted high and low for it ; the old woman screechin' and moanin' like mad, and he goin' over to her, callin' her his angel, beggin' her not to fret. Talk about Frenchmen ! There's plenty of our country people, Tom Brewster, 'd think nothin', when they were put about like that, of shyin' a boot-jack at her head ; but blessed if he didn't get down on his knees and coddle that old piece of parchment to sleep ! Well, we couldn't find it. It did beat the Jews where that mite of a sparkle went to : took the whole room to bits, looked in every crack in the boards and every crevice in the wall, shook out every rag on the premises. Couldn't find it ; had to give it up ; and mounseer he had to make it up. Yes, he had, Tom Brewster ; he wouldn't ask for mercy, nor take it if it was offered to him. It all comes of somebody be- longin' to him losin' his head on the same plank with the French king. He's that set up about it, he says he's obliged to do what other folks wouldn't think of." " And he has to make up the loss of the diamond ?" " Every penny of it, boy. There he sits, day in and day out, with that hungry eye of his glued to the glass, his stomach as empty as a drum, and ma'm'selle's song gettin' that low and solemn like it gives me the rickets to listen to 'em. Talk about Frenchmen ! Many a one of our country people'd walk off and leave the whole kit and boodle of 'em to shift for themselves. But what shall I do with this 'ere tarrier ?" " Keep him, Joe, for a while. He breeds too many rows up at the house — chews the tassels on the furniture, bites my uncle's heels. Playing with the cat the other day, he accidentally broke her spine. Just keep him a while, Joe." And Tom Brewster, finding it was nearly time for his uncle to get down to the office, put the guitar down, took a fond farewell of Tag, and fled up the stone steps. As he reached the top, he thought he felt something touch his boot, but hurried along. Three steps further on, he felt something touch his hand, which was swinging along at his side. This time he paused, for it was the touch of a woman, and to this Tom was always susceptible, His hat was off in a minute, and although the young girl was poorly clad, wretchedly thin and pale, and altogether rather a pitiable-looking creature, there was something about her that won Tom's attention. She extended to him the plethoric pocket book, which had fallen upon his boot unheeded, and in the first sound of her voice he recognised the haunting sweetness that had reached him in Joe Comstock's cellar. He took the pocket-book without a word, devouring her wistful face with a zeal and persistency that brought a fleeting blush to her cheek, and caused her to hurry away, leaving Tom gazing after her for a full minute and a half. Then he went on meditatively, once in a while his lip's shaping themselves into their accustomed whistle, but no sound issuing therefrom ; and all that day at the office it was noticeable that young Brewster's musical efforts were singularly abortive. He had been wont to favor his business friends daily with scraps from the opera or the ball of the night before, and had even volunteered, in an under-tone, an entire ballad. As Tom's voice was a fine baritone, these efforts were encouraged, and in the absence of his uncle, the senior member of the law firm, vociferously applauded. But all that day Tom was silent and preoccupied, absorbed in a reverie in which shadows came and went. He saw a bare, barren room ; an old French- man with one hungry eye glued to the glass, working his heart out to redeem the malevolence of a stone which lay blinking wickedly, perhaps, close by ; an old woman, helpless and bedridden, on a pallet in the corner ; a young girl, with a face from which an exquisite " Il Penseroso" might be modelled; and all through the reverie Tom heard from afar, faint and sweet as a mountain echo, that enchanting voice telling him of how passed the fleet, sad, miserable days. Early in the day Tom went into the dressing closet, put on the oldest coat he could find, a hat of shabby felt, and went out. He met his uncle coming in. Mr Brewster constantly found fault with the dandyism of his nephew, but grew purple with rage upon seeing his present shabbiness. " What — what means this disgrace- ful masquerading, Sir ?" he shouted. " I will tell you, Sir, later on," said Tom, in a tone that his uncle afterward remembered. Then Tom went on in the direction of Joe Comstock's cellar ; but instead of plunging down the stone steps, he mounted the high stoop and wandered along through the corridors. Searching each floor, he found the people he sought on the third, in a large room back, and stood for a moment trembling on the threshold. He, who, entered boldy, as with an inherited right, the boudoirs of the fair daughters of fashion, chatted with them for hours together upon the mysteries and rites of the toilet ; who matched for them with skilful accuracy worsted, silk, chenille, even in rare cases the human hair ; whose advice was wailed for im- patiently and accepted with enthusiasm ; whose word was authority upon the fine arts, music, the drama — Tom Brewster, the oracle of fashion, pulled hither and thither by rosy hands, coaxed and scolded by ruby lips, happy, irresistible, impregnable Tom Brewster, here in this wind-swept corridor, outside this crumbl- ing and dilapidated wall, on this dingy threshold, Tom Brewster trembled ! The door opened, and he found before him the old Frenchman, his tasselled cap upon his head, his red and inflamed eye bent severely down, his gray hair and whiskers shaggy and dishevelled ; but Tom's eyes wandered in and rested upon Valérie. Her face seemed to him in- describably lovely. She was pale, but her pallor was divine. Her exquisite and frail form seemed to Tom like that of some beautiful phantom. The old Frenchman drew the door closer and looked sternly interrogative. " Your daughter found a pocket-book this morning," began Tom, "that con- tained considerable money : it is only fair that a proper reward should be given —" Here the Frenchman intervened. He waved his thin hand, through which the blue veins were strongly marked. " With that we have nothing to do," he said ; "we are happy to have ren- dered the service." At this moment an emaciated form raised itself from a bed, in the corner of the room ; two hollow greedy eyes rested upon Tom. " Be tranquil, ma mie," said the Frenchman, soothingly, to the sick woman. "It was a simple courtesy of Valerie's — thy daughter and mine. To take money for that which was so simple and requisite — impossible, quite im- possible." The sick woman fell back upon the bed, and turned her face to the wall. It occurred to Tom that perhaps she had often wished her husband's ancestor had not lost his head upon the same scaffold with Louis the Sixteenth. Tom was compelled to apologise for his in- tention of benefiting these people : nothing could be done with Monsieur Jouèt — positively nothing. In five minutes he found himself bowed outside by the severe Frenchman, who shut the door so suddenly that Tom almost stumbled down the stone staircase. " It ain't no use, boy," said Joe ; " there's them that'd rather die than take bite or sup at any body's hands. Then you see, his grandfather's head happenin' to tumble the way it did makes it all the harder. There's nothin' can be done, boy." " Well, I haven't given it up," said Tom, "and in the meanwhile, you know, my name is Tom Brown. I'm a mechanic of some kind out of work ; the only passport up there is irremediable poverty and wretchedness. I can't get work, you see, Joe." " Nor wouldn't if you could," grinned the dog-fancier. This passport of misfortune seemed to serve Tom's purpose well. From that day a large portion of his time was spent in the big bare room where the old Frenchman, his eye glued to the glass, took a feverish delight in divulging to Tom the mysteries of this malevolent stone, its attributes and value. " We know beyond doubt, my good Tom," he would say, "that the diamond consists of pure carbon, that its material is contained in all coal and charcoal. The trouble is to make the compound crystallise ; and if that were easy, it would then be valueless. Helas ! such are mankind : they find only the ex- quisite in that which is rare." And Tom, echoing his sigh, looks over at Valérie, who, bending ever her embroidery, puts many a charming thought therein, giving a new grace to the tendrils and vines that shape themselves under her deft little fingers. This pale, still, demure Valérie begins to dream, and the warm blood, fresh from her heart, sometimes dyes her cheek. A strange sweet joy mingles itself with her songs — a joy the sweetness of which she can not yet un- derstand ; and so the tender fragrance of unconsciousness seasons her loveli- ness to Tom with a still higher charm. Even the poor sick lady pours into Tom's ears the one wretched yearning of her heart — to die within the walls of Paris. " Oh, the grace, the color there, my best Tom !" she would gasp ; "oh, the wide white squares, the palaces, the shining roofs and steeples, the warm golden eagles gleaming in the sun ! Oh, to see it once again, my good lad, if only with eyes that faint as they look !" For Tom had won her favor by bringing her many a bottle of generous wine, which he declared to monsieur were given to him by a friend in the business, and papers of bonbons and delicate confections slipped from Tom's hands to the shaking ones of the poor invalid. Her pillows he cooled and changed, her hot brow he bathed with tenderness and care ; and Valérie's eyes grew tenderer then; those of the old Frenchman sometimes blind with tears. And so the days go by. Tom has dis- appeared from the haunts of fashion ; the kettle-drums, the tea fights, the balls and receptions, know him not. He leads the German no more, and in vain are his favorite dances held in wait for him by the sighing and impatient sirens of Terpsichore. His few hours at the office are spent sternly with law papers, and his uncle, baffled and bewildered, would fain lure him back again, a culprit at his mercy. He fears, from Tom's woful visage, from the melancholy that has begun to be a part of his nephew's bearing, that he is the perpetrator of some hidden crime, and the old gentleman spends many a sleepless night anticipating the denouement of Tom's disgrace and infamy. The face of poor Tom becomes more and more lugubrious. In truth, he knows not how to extricate the family that has become so near and dear to him from a poverty that partakes of privation and want. He dares not succor them from his own purse, as it is supposed to be empty. The tie that binds them together is that of mutual misfortune : to betray his position would be to stamp him as an imposter, and place between this proud old Frenchman and himself an impass- able barrier. And so the days go by, shortening perceptibly, and becoming more and more cold and grim. The depth of a hard winter is upon them. The golden sunshine has lost its warmth, and seems only the mocking shadow its former self. One evening Monsieur Jouèt was forced reluctantly to leave his bench. Twilight deepened so suddenly about him that he feared to trust further his already impaired sight. A bitter wind rattled at the windows, forcing its way through every crack in the wainscoting, defying the poor efforts of heat from the miserable stove, lifting the scant gray hairs from the Frenchman's forehead, and stirring Tom Brewster's curling locks. Valèrie had gone to take her embroidery home, and these two men sat there silently and sadly awaiting her return. It seemed to Tom he had never found the place so gloomy and forbid- ding. It was peopled with shadows, the most appalling of which was that upon the bed. A fugitive ray of light had fallen upon the sick woman's face, illuminating a ghastly countenance, as gray, fallow, and decayed as that of an exhumed Egyptian. Deeper and deeper grew the dark- ness. The old Frenchman's face took also a rigid contour to Tom's nervous gaze. His heart thumped beneath his workman's jacket. He wished he was safe down among the beasts in Joe Comstock's lair, the shaggy head of Tag upon his breast, the genial heat of Joe's furnace dispelling this cowardly chill from the marrow of his bones. He could not take his eyes from the form of the old Frenchman, which was as immovable as that of a statue. A sigh of relief escaped him when the thin white hand of Monsieur Jouèt sought the shelter of the worsted jacket which he had worn ever since Tom had known him ; and as the well-worn lapel flew back, something flashed upon the retina of Tom's eye with lightning- like velocity. What was it ? A gleam, a sparkle, a mocking phantom of his excited brain ? There it shone, the pure white scintillating unmistakable bril- liancy ! Tom plunged forward and clutched a corner of the Frenchman's coat. " What is it ?" cried Monsieur Jouèt, starting up —"what is it ? What hast thou, my poor Tom ?" Tom's eyes were wild ; his breath came short. " Be tranquil, I beg of thee, Tom," cried the Frenchman, soothingly. " What new misfortune is this ? Art mad ? What hast thou ?" " I have," stammered Tom, taking his penknife from his pocket, and, de- spite the struggles of the now alarmed Frenchman, cutting out the portion of the well-worn jacket —"I have — O most merciful God ! I have that accursed dia- mond." And firmly between his two fingers Tom held up to the astonished gaze of Monsieur Jouèt his long-lost jewel. In the darkness it shone like a star. Monsieur Jouèt sank upon his knees. From the bed in the corner arose a shout of thanksgiving ; sobs and bene- dictions melted the freezing air of that grim garret. Pearls were Tom's favorite stones ; he had never cared for diamonds ; but to his dying day he will recognise their value and power. " The miserable little demon must have slipped down into the braid of your coat," said Tom, "and lain hid there all this time. I should never have seen it but for the cold and darkness ; and pardon me, monsieur, but have you no idea how confoundedly still you were. I thought, I feared — upon my honor I was afraid ; I could not take my eyes off you, and all at once I caught a gleam of light —" " It was the will of God," said Mon- sieur Jouèt. "I had borne enough ; it was hard, it was terrible, to make up the loss of this little bit of carbon which lies in the hollow of my hand. It was like — seest thou, my Tom — it was like the Danaides, who fill ever vainly the sieve ; it was like Sisyphus, who rolls ever vainly the stone ; and sometimes my heart was like to burst ; my head was filled with a fiery flame ; my hands shook ; I could no longer see. I feared sometimes I should fall dead from my bench ; and then, miserable that I was, who would have saved my name from dishonor ? who would have cared for my poor wife, my sweet Valérie ?" " I ! I !" cried Tom. "I would have cared for your name, your wife, your daughter." And suddenly a warm little hand slipped into his own ; the slim shadow of a woman was beside him. " Dost thou know, douce amie ? hast thou heard ?" began the old Frenchman, who could not see his daughter, but felt her presence. " I know ; I have heard," she fal- tered. Her hand trembled in Tom's ; her sweet breath touched his hair, his forehead. " Valèrie !" " Tom !" And for one little moment in the darkness she rested upon his heart ; their lips met. Oh, how divinely sweet was that little moment ! Then Monsieur Jouèt lighted the lamp, and Tom repeated, still exalted to rapture : " Yes, monsieur, I, I claim the right, next to you, to care for madame your wife, for mademoiselle your daughter." But the hollow voice of madame fell upon Tom's ear with a melancholy cadence. " And now," she said, "we shall go back to France." " To France !" murmured Tom, in consternation. "Oh no, that must not be !" " But yes !" cried Monsieur Jouèt. "I will strive no longer for that which is impossible, in a strange country, with- out money or friends. I think I have told you, my good Tom, of Alfred Alphonse Jouèt, who was martyred upon the same scaffold with —" " The king," said Tom. "Yes, you have told me, monsieur — at least two hundred times," he added, in an under tone. " But that which I have not told you," pursued the Frenchman, "is that one of his remaining family fled to America, and there became the proprie- tor of a large estate. He died unmar- ried. The property is in alien hands. I thought — I hoped ; but, alas ! with- out money or friends one can do no- thing. For the first time in his life Tom began to be interested in a heritage. " But, my dear Monsieur Jouèt," he stammered, "it is wrong to neglect so important a matter. Why did you not tell me before ? There are people who undertake these things without money, if you have any documents." " Plenty of them," said Monsieur Jouet. " Then the matter is easy," said Tom, who wished to gain time. " Oh, for the love of Heaven, Tom," cried the sick woman, "do not tempt him further in the pursuit of that miserable phantom which has already almost cost me my life ! Oh, my good boy, I beg of thee, let us go at once ! Thou wilt follow —" " I do not like that word 'follow,' " said Tom, rushing out of the room and down into the street. He went direct to his uncle. Plunging into the private office, he closed the door behind him. " I would like to see you alone, Sir," he said. The barrister trembled. He wiped from his forehead some drops of cold perspiration which had started there. " It has come," he murmured. "The blow has come. May God be merciful to me ! Speak, Sir," he said, with seve- rity. "What is it that you have to say to me ?" " I would implore your interest in a matter which nearly concerns me. Oh, Sir," pursued Tom, warmly, despite the ominous brow of his uncle, "I beseech of you, help me to gain time !" " To gain time !" repeated the wretched lawyer ; "is this, then, your only hope ?" " Yes, yes," said Tom ; "either this or to cross the ocean at once." " Gracious Heaven, has it come to this ?" cried Mr Brewster. "To hide, or to fly ? Go on, go on !" he groaned. " Tell me all ; I am prepared !" " It's very kind of you," said Tom. " I'm obliged, I'm sure. I don't sup- pose there's a ghost of a chance —" " Go on !" roared his uncle ; "do you want to drive me mad, Sir ?" " I'm coming to it," said Tom. " There's a French gentleman in this city by the name of Jouèt —" " Jouèt ?" repeated the lawyer, eagerly. "Jouèt ?" " Yes, sir ; a very respectable gen- tleman, I assure you, though not at present in affluent circumstances. Very highly connected indeed. One of his ancestors had the honor to lose his head —" " On the same scaffold with Louis the Sixteenth," cried the lawyer, getting upon his feet and approaching Tom. " Just so, Sir, exactly," said Tom. " Are you acquainted with the family, Sir ? There's some property somewhere to which they claim a right. The nearest relative of Alfred Alphonse Jouèt came to this country in the year —" " Hush !" said Mr Brewster ; and, with beaming eyes he placed his lips close to Tom's ear. " Do you mean to say," he whispered, " that you have found the heirs to the Jouèt estate ?" " I don't know, Sir," said Tom, modestly. Monsieur Jouèt has a trunkful of documents." The barrister dropped his hands affectionately upon Tom's shoulders. " I have always predicted for you, my dear boy," said the Honorable Mr Brewster, "a distinguished name. And you say, Tom, there's a trunkful on documents ?" " I believe so, Sir." " Let's go at once, Tom, and have a look at them. Every one of those papers is worth a fortune." " Is there so much money in it ?" said Tom. " There's millions in it," said the Honorable Mr Brewster. And at the wedding breakfast alluded to in the beginning of this his- tory, the eminent barrister was no doubt sincere in his panegyric upon his nephew. To have not only found the heirs to this great estate, but secured one of them immediately for his own, was to the distinguished lawyer a crowning evidence of his nephew's talent, and entitled him to the highest position in his regard and that of an admiring world. As he wiped the glasses and sat down, he remarked to one of the guests near him — a rather extraordinary personage, indeed — that his nephew had always been noted for his perspicacity of intellect ; and seeing a blank look upon the leathery coun- tenance of the individual addressed, he added, " Quick to catch the points in a subject, you know." " He's got a werry good eye for a dog," replied this party ; and he ain't fur out the way with a pigeon ;" and having drained his glass in response to the toast in Tom's behalf, this wedding guest made his way to the door, fol- lowed by the petrified gaze of the Hon- orable Mr Brewster. Tom hurried after him. " Why, Joe," he said, "going already ?" " Yes, Sir," said Joe. "I ain't had a collar on afore since I was a baby ; and between you and me, Tom, it don't agree with my jugular vain. I'll slip out o' this toggery, and be down at the ship to bid that tarrier of ours good- by." Then Tom fled to an upper room, and went tenderly over to a bundle of fine laces and silks that lay upon a sofa before the grate. " The deed is done, maman," he whispered, with a caress and kiss upon the brown and wasted cheek. "I be- long to Valérie and to you. Courage, dear, we sail at noon !" " At last !" she sighed. "Oh, my best Tom, shall I live to see France ?" " Live !" cried Tom, "Upon our wedding voyage, with Valérie and monsieur and me ? Oh, I promise you, yes !" And she did, in truth, live. And no happier people breathe the soft balmy air of Southern France to-day than the heirs of the Jouèt estate. 