THE LITTLE PEOPLE OF THE SEA. Thk latest investigation into the deep-sea life show that the vast area lying beneath the ocean is covered with a simple animal life, boundless in extent and infinite in variety. Under conditions too rigid and severe to permit the growth of the humblest seaweed, these creatures live, and multiply, and die. Far beyond the reach of light, in a glacial temperature and under enormous pressure, exists this wonderful fauna. As we strip the mystery of vitality of garment after garment, as its conditions become fewer, and its mode of existence less complex, the wonder, instead ef becoming less, constantly grows upon the mind. The human intellect longs to find & commensurate physical cause for the effect which we call life. When, as in the higher organic beings, the conditions are many, and the processes complicated, the phenomenon of vitality does not eootn an nii77.1iTur* jmtficfidpnt annenrs in hfiar sum pi anrt. nt proportion to consequent. The mind rarely troubles itself to make nice distinctions between complicated machinery and motive power. A liberal display of wheel-work is ade quate to account for results without any reference to the initial force. But, as we contemplate the life of the protozoa which reign supreme in the ocean's depths, we seethe awful and mysterious problem presented in its simplest terms ; forms of existence which are formless, organisms possessing no organs, life contradicting the very definitions of life, and yet performing all its essential functions. The conditions, complex and multitudinous, under which we live are here reduced to two or three; the elements, many and bewildering, which enter into the ordinary statement of the problem are here eliminated, and yet we are forced to recognize the same vital principle giving functional activity to a mass of structureless jelly which animates the highest organic beings. When we see this formless life governed by laws, each in itself as inexorable as that which guides the rolling planets, and all in their various combinations as flexible as those which control our human existence, we feel a senss of awe which a whisper from the unseen world might send thrilling through our nerves. We are standing face to face with life stripped of its familiar conditions. It looks us in the eyes as the disembodied ghost of the life now so familiar to us. — Scribnerfor November. 