DO YOU AYANT A I'lilEND ? A fîtînaioN jiY Tu« BHV. CANON RYI.W, M.A. "Tliis ls HI y Friend."-CANT. V. Iii. A inonu ia one or the greatest blessings on earth. Tell mo not of money : affection is better than gold ; sympathy is better than lands. He is the poor man who luis no friends. Have you a friend ? 'ibis world is fill! of sorrow, because it is full of sin. Ik ii a dark placo. It is a lonely place. It is a disap pointing place. Tho brightest sunbeam in it is a f rkaid. friendship halves our troubles and doubles our joys. Hats you a friend? A real ? friend is scarce and rave. There aro many .who will cat, and drink, and laugh with us in the sun shine of prosperity ; there aro few who will love ns when we aro sick, ^helpless, and poor,-few, above nil, who will care for our souls. Jiu ve you a real friend? Do you waut a real friend ; I speak to recommend one to your notice this day. I know of Ono " who stickefch closer than a brother." I know of ono who is ready to bo your friend for time and for eternity, if you will receive Him. Hear me, while I try to tell you something about him. Tho' friend I want you to know is Jesus Ohrist. Happy is that family in which Christ has tho foremost placel Happy is that person whose clrief friend is Christ ! I. Do you want a friend ia need? Such a friend is tho Lord Jesus Christ. Mau is tho neediest creature on God's earth, bocauso he is a sinner. There is no need so great us that of sinnors : poverty, hunger, thirst, cold, sickness, all aro nothing in comparison. .Sinners need pardon, and they aro utterly unable to provide it for themselves ; they noed deliverance from a guilty conscience, and tho fear of death, and they have no power of their own to obtain it. This neod thc Lord Jesus Christ canto into the world to reliove. "Ho came into tho world to save sinners." (1 Tim. i. 15.) "Wo are all by nature poor dying creatures. From tlie king on tho throne to th« pauper in tho workhouse, we are all sick of a mortal disease of soul. "Whether wo know it or not, whether wc feel it or not, we uro all dying daily. Tho plague of sin is in our blood. "We cannot cure ourselves: we are hourly getting worse and worse. All this the Lord Jesus undertook to re medy, Ho came into the world "to bring in health and cure:" Ho came to deliver us "from the second death." He came " to abolish death, and bring life and immortality to light through tho Gospol." Wo aro all by nature imprisoned debtors. "We owed our God ten thousand talents, and had nothing to pay. Wo were wretched bankrupts, without hope of discharg ing ourselves. Wo could never have freed ourselves from our load of liabilities, and were daily getting i deeper and dooper involved. All this the Lord Jesus saw,and undertook to remedy. He engngod to "ran som and rcdeom us." He came to " proclaim liberty to tho captives, and the opening of tho prison to them that aro bound:" "Ho cunio to redeem us. from tho curso of tho law." (Hos. xiii. hi. ísái. lxi. 1. Gal. iii. 13.) Wo are all by nature shipwrecked and cast away. We could never have reached the harbour of everlast ing life. Wc were sinking in tho midst of the .vaves, shiftless, hopeloss, helpless, and powerless; tied and hound by tho chain of our sius, foundering under tho burden of our own guilt, and like to become a prey to tho devil. _A11 this tho Lord Jesus saw and undertook to remedy." Ho carno down from heaven to bo our mighty " helper :" Ho came to " seek and to savo that which was lost," and to " deliver un from going down i uto tho pit-." Ooükl we have been saved without tho" Lord Jesus Christ coming down from heaven? It would have been impossible, so far ns our eyes can seo. Tho wisest men of Egypt, an.I Greece, and Home never found out tho way to peace with Cod. Without thc friendship of Christ we should all have been lost for cvermoro in hell. Was the Lord Jesus Christ obliged to come down to save us ? Oh, no! no! It was his own freo lovo, mercy, and pity, that brought him down. Ho came unsought and unasked, becatlso Ho was gracious. Think on these things. Search all history from tho beginning of thc world ; look round tho whole cirulo of those you know and love: you never heard of such friendship among tho sons of men. There never was such a real friend in need as Jesus Christ. II. Do you want a friend in deed ? Such a friend is the Lord Jesus Christ. Tho true extent of a man's friendship must bc mea sured by his deeds. Toll mc not what he says, and feels, and wishes ; tell me not of his words and letters: tell mo rather what ho does. " Friendly is that friendly does." Tlie doings of tho Lord Jesus Christ for man, aro the grand proof of hi3 friendly feeling towards him. Never were there such acts of kindness and self- denial as those which He has performed on our behalf. Ho has not loved ns in word only but in deed. For our sakes He took our nature upon Him, and was born of a woman. He who was very God, and equal with thc Father, laid aside for a season His glory, and took upon Him flesh and blood liko our own. Tho almighty Creator of all things became a little babe like auy of ns, and experienced all our bodily weaknesses and infirmities, sin only excepted. "Though Ho was rich Ho became poor, that we through His poverty might bc rich." Such friendship as this pusses man's understanding. Friends who would die for those who love them, wc may have heard of some times; but who can find a man who would lay down his life for those that hate him V Yet this is what Jesus has done for us. " God commeudeth His love, in that while wc v/ero yet sinners, Christ died for us." (Hom. v. 8.) Ask all the tribes of mankind, from one end of the world to the other, and you will nowhere hear of a deed like this. ? None was ever so high and stooped down so low as Jesus the Son of God ; none ever gave \- so costly a proof of his friendship ; none ever paid so much, and endured so much, to do good to others. Never was there such a friend in deed as Jesus Christ! III. Do you want a mujhlij and jmcerfnl friend? Snell a friend is Jesu« Christ. Power to help is that which few possess in this world. Many have will enough to do good to others, but no power. They feel for thc sorrows of others, . cud would gladly relievo them if they could ; they can . weep with their friends in atlliction, but arc unable to ¡ take their grief away. Hut though man is weak, Christ { is strong ; though tlie best of our earthly friends is feeble, Christ is almighty: "All power is given unto ! Him in heaven mid earth." (Matt, xxviii. 18.) No one j eau (lo so much for those whom He befriends as Jesus Christ. Others can befriend their bodies a little; He can befriend both body aud soul. Others can do a little for them in time : He can be a friend beth for time and eternity. lie is able to pardon and save tho very chief of sin- ? ner?« He can deliver the most guilty conscience from all its burdens, and give it perfect peace with God. He ; can wash away the vilest stains of wiekedness/and make a man whiter than snow in the sight of God.* He can clotho a poor weak child of Adam in everlasting righteousness, and give him a title ta heaven that can never be overthrown. In a word, He can give any one of us peace, hope, forgiveness, and reconciliation with God, if wo will only trust in Him. " Tho blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin." (1 John i. 7.) He is able to convert tho hardest of hearts, and create in man a new spirit. Ho can take tho most thought less and ungodly people, and givo them another mind, by tho Holy Ghost which Ho puts in them. Ile can cause old things to pass away, and all things to become new. Ho can make thom lo Ve tho tilings which they once hated, and hate the things which they once loved. " He can give them power to become tho sons of God." "If any man bo in Christ he is a new creature." (John i. 12. 2 Cor. v. 17.) Ile is able to preserve tr» the end nil who believe in Him and become His disciples. He can give them grace to overcome the world, tho llesh and tho devil, and fight a good fight at the last. Ho can lead them on safely in spite of every temptation, carry them home through a thousand dangerB, und keep them faithful, though they stand alone and have none to help them. "Ho is ablo to save them to tho uttermost that come unto God by Him." (Heb. vii. 25 ) He is able to give those ihat love Him tho best of gifts. Ho can give them in lifo inward comforts, which monoy can never buy-poace in poverty, joy in sorrow, patience in suffering. He can give thom iu death bright hopes, which enable them to walk through tho dark valley without fear. Ho can give them after death a crown of glory, which fadeth not away, and a reward compared to which the Queen of England has nothing to bestow. This is power indeed. This is true greatness. This is real strength. Go and look at the poor Hindoo ido hitor, seeking peaco in vain by afflicting his body, and after fifty years of .self-imposed suffering, unable to find it. Go and look at rich men, spending thousands in search of happiness, aiid ¡yet always discontented and unhappy. Then turn to Jesus and think what Ho eau do, and is daily doing for all who trust Him. Think how He heals all the brokeu- llcitrtod, comforts all the sick, cheers all the poor that trust in Him, and supplies all their daily need. The fear of man is strong, the opposition of tins evil world is mighty, the lusts of tho llesh rage horribly, the fear of death is terrible, the devil is a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour,-but Jesus is stronger than them all. Jesus can mako us conquerors over all these foes. And then say whether it be not true, that there nevrjr was so mighty a friend as Jesus Christ. IV. Do you want a loving and affectionate friend? Such a friend is Jesus Christ. Kindness is the very essence of true friendship. Money and advice and help lose half their grace if not given in a loving manner. "What kind of love is that of the Lord Jesus toward man ? It is called " a love that passoth knowledge." . Lovo shines forth in His reception of sinners Ho re fuses*nono that como to Him for salvation, however unworthy they may be. Though their lives may have been most wicked-though their sins may bo moro in number thütí tho Stat's of heaven, the Lord Jesus is ready to receive the'm and givd thom pardon and peace. Love shines forth in His dealings with siana's, after they havo believed in Him and become His friends. Ho is very patient with them, though their conduct is often very trying and provoking. He is nover tired of hearing their complaints, however often they may come to Him. He sympathises deeply in all their sorrows. Ho known what pain is : He is acquainted with grief. In all their afflictions ho is afflicted. Ho never allows thom to bo tempted above what' they aro ablo to bear. He supplies them with daily grace for their daily con flict. Their poor services are acceptable to him: He is as well pleased With thüni as a parent is with his child's endeavours to speak and walk. He has caused it to bo written in His hook, that " He taketh pleasure in His people," and that " Ho taketh pleasure in them that fear Him." Ah, there is no lovo on earth that can bo named to gether with this ! Wo love those in whom we seo something that deserves our affection, or those who are our bono or our flesh ; the Lord Jesus loves sinners in whom there is no good thing. We love those from whom wo. get some return for our affection : the Lord Jesus loves those who can do little or nothing for Him compared to what Ho does for them. Wo love where wc can give some reason for loving ; the great Friend of sinners draws His reasons out of His own everlast ing compassion. His love is purely disinterested, puroly unselfish, purely free. Never, never was there so truly loving a friend as Jesus Christ. Ah, there is no love on earth that can bo named to gether with this ! Wo love those in whom we see some thing that deserves our affection, or those that are our bone or flesh : the Lord Jesus loves sinuers in whom there is no good thing. We love those from whom we get some return for our affection : tho Lord Jesus loves those who can do littlo or nothiug for Him compared to what He does for them. We love where wo cnn give some reason for loving : the great Friend of sinners draws His reasons out of His own everlasting com passion. His love is purely disinterested, purely un selfish, purely free. Never, never was there so truly loving a friend as Jesus Christ. Do you want a tried and2>roved friend ? Such a friend is Jesus Christ. Six thousand years have passed away since tho Lord Jesus began His work of befriending mankind. During that long period of timo He has had many friends in this world. Millions on millions, unhappily havo re fused His offers and have been miserably lost for ever ; but thousands on thousands havo enjoyed tho mighty privilege of His friendship and been saved. He has had great experience. He has had friends of every rank and station in life. Some of them wore kings and rich men, like David, and Solomon, and Hezekiah, and Job ; some "of them were very poor in this world, like the shepherds of-Bethle hem, and James, and John, and Andrew : but they were all alike Christ's friends. He has had friends of ever;/ agc that niau can pass through. Some of them never knew Him till they were advanced in years, like Manasseh, and Zacch:cus, and the Ethiopian Eunuch ; some of them were His friends even from their earliest childhood, like Joseph, and Samuel, and Josiah, and Timothy : but they were all alike Christ's friends. Holms had friends of every possible temperament and disposition. Some of them were simplo plain men, like Isaac; some of them were might in word and deed, like Moss ; some of thom were fervent and warm-hearted, liko Peter ; come of them were gentío and retiring sp-rits, like John; come of them wero active and stir ring like Martha; somo of thom loved to sit quietly at His feet, like Mary ; somo dwelt unknown among their own people, liko thc Shuuammite ; some have gone everywhere and turned the world upside down, like Paul : but they were all alike Christ's friends. He has had friends of every condition in life, some of them were married, and had sons and daughters, like Enoch; some of them lived and died unmarried, liko ' Daniel and John the Baptist; some of them were often sick, like Lazarus ami Epapbroditus ; some of them were : strong to labour, like Persis, and Tryphenn, and Tryphosa ; some of them wero masters, likd Abraham ana Cornelius ; some of them were servants, like the' I siints in Nero's household; some of them had bad ' servants, like Elisha ; some of them hud bad masters like Obadiah ; some of them had bad wives and children, I like David ; but they wero all alike Christ's friends. I He has hud friends of almost every nation, and people and tongue. He has had friends in hob countries and in cold ;'i riemls among nations highly civilised, audfriends among tho simplest nnd rudest tribes. . His book of life contains tho names of Greeks ami Homans, of Jews nnd Egyptians, of bond and of free. There are to be found on its lists reserved Englishmen ami cautions Scotch mem, impulsive Irishmen, and fiery Welshmen, volatilo Frenchmen, nnd dignified Spaniards, refined Italians, and solid Germans, rude Africans, nnd refined Hindoos, cul tivated Chinese nud half- savage New Zealanders. But they were all alike Christ's friends. All thesohavo made trial of Christ's friendship, alni proved ifc to bo good. They all found nothing wanting when they began: they all found nothing wanting as they went on. No'luuk, no defect, no deficiency, was over found by any ono of them in Jesus Christ. Bach found his own soul's wants fully supplied; each fouud every day, that in Christ there was enough nnd to spare. Never, never was there a friend so fully tried and proved as Jesus Christ. 1\. Know in conclusion for ono tliiugr that I call upon yoit to consider solemnly whellur Christ is your Friend and you are llié-, Thoro aro* thousands ou thousands, 1 grieve to say, who aro not Christ's friends. Baptised in His name, outward members of His Church, attendants on His means of grace,-nil this they uro, no doubt. But they are not Christ's fronds. Do they hate tho sins which Jesus died to put away ?.. No. Do they love tho Saviour who carno into tho world to save them ? No. Do they care for the souls which were so precious in His sight ? No, Do tliey delight in tho word of rccon ciliatiou ? No. Do they try to speak with tho Friend of sinners in prayer ? No. Do they sock closo fellow ship with Him ? No. Oh ! is this your case? How is it with you? Aro you. orare you not ono of Christ's friends ? 2\. Know, in tho next place, that if you are not one of Christ's friends, you are a poor, miserable man. I say this deliberately. I do not say it without thought. I nay that if Christ bo not your friend, you are a poor, miserable man. You aro in the midst of a failing, sorrowful world, and you havo no real source of comfort, or rofugo for a time of need. You aro a dying creature, and you are not ready to die. You havo sins, and tiley aro not for given. You aro goiug to be judged, and you are not prepared to meet Gfod : you might be, hut you refuse to use the ono only Mediator and Advocate. You love the world better than Christ. You refuse the great Friend of sinners, and you have no friend in heaven to plead your cause. Yes: it is sadly true ! You are a poor, misorablo'man. It matters nothing what your income is : without Christ's friendship you aro very poor. 3\. Know, in tho third placo, that if you really want a friend, Christ is willing to become your friend. Ho has long wanted you to join His people, and He now invites you by my hand. He is ready to receive you, all unworthy as you may feel, and to write your name down in tho list of His friends. He is ready to pardon all the past, to clotho you with righteousness, to give you His Spirit, to make you His own dear child. All He asks you to do is to como to Him Ho bids you come with nil your sins ! only aukuow ledgo your vileness, and confessing . that you aro ashamed. Justas you aro,-waiting for nothing,-uno worthy of anything in yourself,-Jesus bids you coni and bo His friend. Ah, come and bo wise ! Como and bo safe. Come and be happy. Como and bo Christ's friend. 4\. Know, in tho last place, that if Christ is your friend, you have yreat jtrivileges, and ought to walk worthy of them. Seek every day to have closer communion with Him who is your Friend, and to kuow more of His grace aud power. True Christianity is not merely the believing a certain sot of dry abstract propositions : it is to live in daily personal communication with an actual living person-Jesus tho Son of God. " To mc," said Paul, " to live is Christ," Seek every day to glorify your Lord and Saviour in all your ways. Ho that hath a friend should show himself friendly, aud no man surely is under such mighty obligations as thc friend of Christ. Avoid evoything which would grieve your Lord. Fight hard against besetting sins, against inconsistency, against backwardness to confess Him beforo mom. Say to your soul, whenever you aro tempted to that which is wrong, " Soul, soul, is this thy kindness to thy Friend?" Think, above all, of the mercy which has been shown thee, and learn to rejoice daily in Thy Friend ! "What though tho body bo bowed down with disease ? "What though thy poverty wild trials be very great ? What though thine earthly friends forsake thee, and thou art alone in tho world? All this maybe true : but if thou art in Christ thou host a Friend, a mighty Friend, a loving Friend, a wise Friend, a Friend that novcr fails. Oh, thiuk, think much upon thy Friend ! Yet a little time and thy Friend shall como to take thee home, and thou Bhalt dwell with Him for ever. Yet a little time and thou shalt sec as thou hast bceu seen, aud know as thou hast been known. And then thou shalt hear assembled worlds confess, that HE IS THE MCI I AND HAPPY MAN WHO HAS HAD CHRIST FOIt HIS FJtlEND. 