LITERATURE. THE INK ALBUM. Mr. Browning's new poem is in its subject % harsh and painful ons. It is not only that the story, with the terrible moral tragedy It makes, visible, is puoful, bat the leader is left bewildered and troubled as to how he is to adjust his judgments and awwd his sympathies amongst the personages of that gloomy narrative. That this difficulty is not occasioned by want of subtle mental and moral analysis on the part of the poet all readers of Browning will readily comprehend. Bat these expositions of self-examination and lOTtrn* examination, in which the personages dissect and lay baretotheeye every nerve o! their own and of each other's moral natures rather obscure than enlighten The webs of sophistry and imperfect txparte atatementsare so intricate, are so interwoven on# with the other that the reader finds fiimnrlf unable to pronounce upon the pro* Hems submitted to him, and is compelled to shut tip his sympathies and withhold his judgment for fear of giving them wrongly or in mistaken measure. This feeling of moral pusle, confusion, and suspense is surely not » fitting remit for * work of art to leave behind it. She reader feels on reaching the endtfcat he has been in company which, in Bpfte of copious self-revelation, be is con scious that he is unable justly to estimate) (hat he has been made , the confidant of painful secrets, and h*s witnessed a terrible catastrophe, and he leaves pawled and con fused, and withhis moxal lodgment perturbed and obscured. It is tight to say that what1 obscurity there may be in the poem is not j due in this instance, as in many of Mr» Browsing's poems; to the intricacy of the language. That is simple and direct enough, and may be taken as the author's reply to his critics tar showing that he could be as plain as the most commonplace rhymer if he made it an object to be so. The scene opens and after a very slight! change ends inthe parlour of a little country J inn. The time passed through extends from early morning tOl some hour before luncheon Kma Tbe character of the poem is of that dramatic oast of which Mr. Browning has given ' as 00 many examples, in which all of the .tocy has to be gleaned from the conver sations of the dramatis persona, who, mors* #o not give us those formal explanatory narratives in which stage characters are ftooostomedto good-naturedly make matters 1 clear to themselves and their audience. The xootn is "shabby genteel," decorated with (dates after Landseer. £ Oriai o'er the mirror on the mantelpiece, Varnbtwd aad oofflned, salmoferox giarw INwslWy at the list of-Wines which, framed And gtMtd,fesngs somewhat prominent on peg. Bo mush describes the stuffy little room Vulgar, fl*t» smooth rapecwiimy." The mom has two inmates, discriminated through the poem merely as the elder and younger. The elder is engaged in figuring on the margin of the "Inn Album" the losses find winnings of their night's play, and, srhile doing so, caOs to his younger com panion to throw open the window as they 41 burn daylight" He does so, and in a beau tiful picture, which may stand as a com* panion to mat view of the lurid red sunrise sJso seen through an inn window in The King and the Book, we Bee a " burst of landscape mixing in, Sunrise and ail, ac he who o(the pair . back to wall Shatter find shatter, show* you England's beet. Be leans Into a Kving glory-bath Of air ard Bglit wlicta seems to float and move Xbe Wob4s4 watered coontty, hoi and dale Andeteel-bnght thread of stream, »-smoke with mist, A-sparkle with May morning, diamond drift O' the s«n-toached dew. Except the red-rooted patch Of ball a dosen dwellings that, crept dose For Mtt-fSde Shelter, make the Tillage-damp, 2MB Inn is perched above to dominate Kxcept such sign of human neighbourhood, And this snmused rather titan sensible, There's nothing to disturb absolute peaoe, The reign of English nature-which means art And civilised enstence. Wildnetf sdl Is jost the cultured triumph.'' Presently the " much older" man-"either say a youngish-old man or man oldish, soung"-has finished his arithmetic, and hands the album, with its marginal acoount, to the younger one with a laugh. The "youth, the good strong fellow," breaks out .f Well, what's Ihs damage-three, or four, orflvef Bow many figures in a row? Hand there! AlT viben reading from the album its doggrel thymes,' re^rginally annotated with Che caknlatfa^£<\hisjopmpanioi!, ;woceeds "dhuersjiMT t V«»sj& with parenthetic prose * EttC^^macclivity, salubrious spot t "** " . tifr. h tent; JkitA did my feelings fini the natural vent : Jnfriendtkip and tn love, how blest my lot t XbtBfollowtbedreadfigure*-five! 'Contentf Shsfsattxaius! Are yoo oootent as he m-pM. T Mimfaur ? Ten thousand pounds Qire point to histffoalM-by so much leave m the richer sod the poorer you After oar eWhfs play; who's ooateot the most, J, joa, orStmpklnr The leader will now see how the poem gets its name, and willform some idea of tbe relations of two of itspereonagea. The younger ii a millionaire, a careless light* hearted, handsome, young Hercules: the other, a quiets self- contained, much ex. perienefcd man of the world ... " Refinement, every Inch, : tmn. ttew to boot end." Their subsequent conversation is made to gradually edaoe and pourttay theircha* tati*&'*»! dso to Wng to light what Stwim to&MW; been a turning pofati ia the TiaiAGfthem.thatnow lies four years y%wt explanation is occasioned by a ~ * the younger, and which falla fito elder wfcen in a mood for Stofl-fnch /saltan at *117 .-rwhsttoupsdyourhsels? ' agdcstftqri able wrong, lightly, recklessly done to ft ? beautiful high-somled woman; reparation, such m it was, offend and rejected with bitterest scorn and indignation, and thp haunting remorse which hM since clouded bis life. Indeed, remorse to sol the word, and the feeling can only be described in hii own words "Slowly, surely, creeps Day by day o'er me the oonrlctton-here Wm life* pclM gtaaped at, Rained, and then let go! flat with fact-may be, teaer-J had felt Ice la me melt, graw steam, drite to effect Any t* aU the fattdee atagglsh here fue head that needs thehand aha would not take, And I (hall nam Dt( now. Lo, ytrar wood Itatornlnga which I likened lite to (. Well There she stands, ending ererr arenas, Her Tistonaty presence on each goal I might hare gained had we kept aide by side! Still string nerre and strike loot! Her frown for bids: She tteam congeals onoe more! rm old sgtria T Wi do not desire to tell the stearin de tail, which, indeed, is too tenible to bear reducing from poetry to prose, from acted drama to commonplace matter-of- fact In the space of the morning we have the three characters in preoence in the stuffy inn p&iiour-the; lady wronged and erring bat now atoning by a life of bitter penanoe; the wronger who in a wanton moment threw away what he now sees was the consummate jewel of his life had he known how to keep it; and the passionate lad who sees again the woman :(o whom his heart four years ago went awayfrom him. Bitter passages take place in an interview between the elder man and the lady, and in answer to his reproach fha&tihe; bad navec really , loved him, she replies in these powetfol and pMhetife words "KoloreJ Ah, dead lore f tinroke thy ghost To.ftbow the murderer where thy heaxt poured lile At summons ot the stroke he doubts waa dealt On paate board and Cretan oe! mUfi^nlmt I changed tor yon toe nr laws ot tib: liade you the atandard of all right, all fair. No senilis but yon could have Seen, no am Mosofferer-which is grandest-for the truth { My hero-where the heroic only hid To bant Irom hiding, brighten dearth One day t Age and decline were maris matarlty; f*ce,fonn wen natare^s type: mors gtaoe, mare strength, What had they been but jost superfluous gauds, Lawlese divergence 7 I bare danoed through day On tiptoe at the mute of a word, Bare wondered where was datkness gone as night Bmet out In etacs at brillianoe of a anile 1 frmaly, I placed the ebalr to haip ane eaat Tour fancied pantw; in taapalmUpk I kept my finger content to yonr glove Glued to my breast; then-where was all the Wt>tid7 I achemed-not dreamed-bow I might die BOOM . Should awe yonr finger aching! Whocreatea, Destroys, be only: 1 bad laughed to soorn Wbaterer angal tried to shake my faith And make you seam unworthy: you yourself Only could do that f With a toaoh'twas done. 'Give fne all, tmit mc tehollyf At the word, Utdgiro, 1 did trust and theranpon The touch did follow-Ah, the quiet smile, . The masterfully folded arm In arm, As trick obtained iia triumph one time more t ' In torn, my soul too triumphs In defeat: Treason uke faith mores mountains: lore goner We pass the fieroe pleadings of the seducer to the lady to forget the past and fly with him to a happier fa tore, and her scornful, scathing rejection. "Try other tackle, fisher friend! Bepentance, expectation, hopes and fears. What you had been, may yet be, would I bat Prove helpmate to ~my hero-one and aU, Xheee alike and wonted round the hook aeduce Bardly the late torn throat and mangled tongna. Pack up, I pray, the whole aseortment prompt." We omit the Iago-like endeavours of the elder to sow distrust and disbelief in the mind of the young man. This has little effect npon him when be stands before the clear, steadfast gup of the woman, and hears htr voice. Then oomw his offer of love or friendship u It may oi, which die accept^ and shows him the last enfay in the Inn Album, written by the elder man with the viewof compelling her to serve bis objects -the threat of revelation. We quote this as aiding to the comprehension of much on which we only lightly touch. ' One against two-end two that nige their odda To uttermost-I needa moat try resource I Madame, I laid me prostrate^ bade yoa Span Body and Soul: yoa aparaea, and nfely spurned, So yon had spared me the ONperflaoas taunt 'Proefration means no power to stand erect, X«t the boy toncb me with the buttoned foil, And him the Infection galna, he, too, must needa Catch np the batchert dearer. Bettao 1 Since pay tana earnest, bsNfe my aarfams fsooe. Be lorea you; ha demands yonr lore: both know What lore mesne in my language, Loreblmtbanf Pursuant to apact, lore p^ya mj debt; Therefor*, dellrer me frotnlilm, thereby, UkewJse, delivering from mejoorself! i IUQN OOM FOT.hMttstA-nmm more, wutoiw 1 tell the whole troth to yonr hafouid. llat Cards lie on table, In oar gamester phrase 1 Consent-you stop my month, ths «dy way." The peisonsges are still engaged in argil ment, and pleadings, and analysis, andacca satipn, and moral metaphysics, when the denouement suddenly cones with a crash. It is not; indeed, a "bolt from the Une/1 lor the atmosphere of the poem has been from thejfimt surcharged with a tragic gloom, and now from the murky ckmd unheralded and unexpected springs the lightning flash. The end has come. \- A tJgerflaah-yell, spring, and scream i halloo! Death's oat and on turn, nM and holds him-&gh; I Bnt ne trueidet coram populo , ' Jwadttenml Bight tee HoratiMirnlel There, aee bow soon a qoiet comas to pass!" . . The lady speaks onoe more w And that waa good bat oaelaas. Badl lifed The danger waa to dread; bat, dytngaow \- Blmself would bardly become talkaUre, < -. Sinoe talk no laona .means torture. Fools-«*<* -fools , Tbeae wicked men arpf Had I borne fonr yeao^ Four yean of weeks and mouths aiod dan tad '? nigfaUL . . ' ' ? Ooilad roundly hlalUe with the tongue to ply Bat that I bore abootme, lorprompt naa At uigtataMd, the ttiif thst 'stop* tie mouth' Andmya the venom Y fiaea.euth need was now Or newr-bow ahotald oaa notlollow Madf Bear irttiMiA for us^ 1 withdraw item Ul» IbanksStn tomy»a frisad «4ie taan the page! ^ ibe deeiliX^lt^MfetOji^ 'Idtenowihrviahthej lierltfht/ Where wrongtw, rtojrSWfljWW now. yy 1 " - . *»4 so aadaitfaa Ina AHwiai/* " ^'ipe^^nrt^^f.lle. Srown^ , j^.A«wn'lft<tUs.voeak' bibiis fill wonderf ol ease of oompositioa, his suateiy of msntal and stool malysis, his great power ofMbtiiut ttfe flings through the medium ol the intellect,' and Ida ok vellooi dramatic ioroe. Bat, as of old, his characters, no matter who they may be, ail talk BrowUngism without any distinction, His realistic methodoftenleada him to too doss oontaot with. commocplaoa and vulgarity. In the end of tit* poem, ?peculation and dialogue m tnrooratod fotodecisive action by a too abnpt and startling tranaitiojL Moreover, the moral effect of the whole is too tnUd and peiploxiiig lot the pom to be lookednponas nnarttotfc success. It will, we images, leave Mr. Browning's reputation mnoh as It stood beforehand will be acoepted at representing, in about equal proportion, his gnat and lofty poetic pomn; and the defects of virion and lodgment by whioh they are marred. 