TEE CLOSING SCENE. . Tan following Ie pronounced by the Westminstear Review to be unquestionably the finuestt American poem ever written : Within the sober realm of leafless trees, The russet year inhaled the dreamy air; Like somea tanned reaper in hie hour of ease, When all the field are looking brown and bare. The gray barne, looking from their hazy hills, O'er the den waters widening into vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On the dull thunder of alternate flaile. All eights were mollowed and all nounds subdued, The hills seemed farther and the streams eang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a mufilled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, The banner bright with every martial hue Now stood like some esad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried hie flight; iTho dove searoe heard his elghin, mate's com An plaint; And like n star slow drowning in the light, The village church vane enemed to palo, and faint. The sentinel cook up in the hillside crow Crew thrieo-and all was stiller than befoke ; Silent, till some replying warder blow His alien horn, and then wee heard no more. Where eret the jay within the elm's tall crest Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged young; And when the oriole swung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censeor ewung. When saong the noisy martinr in the eaves, T.he busy swallows circling over near Forebodlng, as the roustio mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year. Where every bird that waked the vernal feast' Shook theb sweet slumber from Its wings at morn, To warn the reaper of the rosy east And now was sunloes, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked theo crow, through all the dreary gloom ; Alono the pheasant, drumming in the vale, Miado noho In thebo distance to the cottage loom. There was no cud, no bloom upon the bowers The spiders moved their thin shrouds night by , night; The thletle.down, the only ghost:of flowers, Sailed slowly by-passed noiseless out of sight Amid all this, in this most dreary air, And whore the woodhino habods upon the p?rob its crimson loaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torah Amid all this, the contre of the econeo, 'Tho white-haired matron,. with monotonous tread, Plied the swift whoeel, and with her joyous mion Sat like fate and watohod the flying thread. Sho?bead known sorrow. He had walked with her; Oft esupped and broke with her the ashon crust, Arnd in tho dead leaves she still hboard the stir . Of his thick mantale trailing in the dust, While yet iar chook was bright with sumnmor ibloom, Her country esummnod end altho gave bher all; And twionwar bowed to liaer his sable plumo Regave the sword to hang upon the waltt. Rooave the sword, but not the hand that drew ":'Aid atrick for lihorty the dying blowi; Nor him who, to his sire and country true, Fell 'mid the riinks of the invading foo. Long, but not loud, the droning wheol went on Like that low nmurmur of a hive at noon ; Lung, but not loud, the memory of the gone Bronthed through her lips a a?d and tremulous ' tone. At ?ist the thread was anapped, baher head was bowed;, Lifo ,dropped the distaff 'thrvough tier hands seorene ; . And loaing neighbours ,emoothed, h?Orr careful esroud, While death and winter oloseod the autumn scene, T. It. ReAp, 