. .. .J STEVENSON'S CASE. \- In - the Police Court| .to;-dayi George Stevenson was charged with defrauding the revenue in the- matter of hosiery seized by Trowel!, for which £100 fine was demanded. 'J'he proceedings were- of a preliminary character. Mr. Purves urgently applied for a postponement, on the ground that counsel were engaged in Learmonth v. Bailey, In another Court, and that time for the defence had not been given, as a hundred witnesses were to be called by Stevenson, but the Bench/resolved to proceed; ' . ;;>'.•• Mr, O'Loghlin then opened the case for the Crown, and, during -his speech mueh sparring occurred between himself and Mr. Purves. Mr. G. P. Smith came into court, but appears like a ghost. Mr. O'Loghlin declared that this case was only the key to a serie3 of frauds, extending over- nine years, amounting to £7,500 per annum, and making a total fraud- on the revenue of £67,500 ! [Sensation.] Trowell -was not a common informer, as" Was generally understood, because he was not an accomplice, as up to the time when he discovered certain invoices in the Custom-house, he had, only strong suspicions of his employer. The probability was that only Brind, Cook, and perhaps Bell, were in the confidence of Stevenson. Great sparging here took place between Purves and O'Loghlin, and eventually a statement by Stevenson was read, wherein ;he denied the frauds, or that fraudulent invoices were used. He could not account for the presence of measurements in invoices of free goods ; and their absence in the case of j dutiable goods. He thought it was only a coincidence. The firm never kept two sets of books—one showing dealings with Customs and the other the values dealt with in the departments of the warehouse. He tex plained that no other invoices were used, but sometimes the firm received statements of value, plus discounts, commissions, &g.; Mr. O'Loghlin said there was io discount on Dent's gloves. Mr.. Stevenson could alter himself at any moment by predacing invoices or departmental memoranda-. He had declined to do'this, and. the Crown intended to give secondary, evidence which would show that- Stev^nsonVas guilty of common smuggling. -€t Wasifor- S.Wyfenson tirpro?e;his innocence, Trowell was then called, and submitted to a long,examination,' which merely -led up to tha working of the : case technically. He detailed how he came to leave Stevenson, ' 