A FEW WORDS ABOUT FILTERS. The temperance movement is now occupying the attention of the big-wigs and little-wigs of all parts of the realm An excellent thing is temperance ; an excellent thing is enthusiasm in a good cause, especially when it is sufficiently active to over-ride such practical difficulties as it is pretty sure to meet with, but which are very often ignored instead of being attacked an! overcome. Now, the practical diffi culty of temperance, and especially or total abstinence pro moters, is the supply of pure and wholesome water. We quite admit the wise saw of the old heathen poet, apiorov fitv voiop, but unfortunately the vSujp is too often itself a compound of very unpalatable and unwhole some quality, and contains* matters quite as delete rious as the proscribed alcoholic beverages. In the village, for instance, in which we have our local habitation and our name, the only water-supply is afforded by ponds, tome of which wholly dry up in the summer and permit us, unfor tunately, to inspect the various interesting objects which have accumulated on their beds, while others sink so low as to give veiy concentrated solutions of various soluble in gredients. Then comes a rampageous abstainer and informs us of the extreme blessedness of those who only drink from nature's unpolluted brewery. Now, it so happens that we have a great and good and kindly friend for whom we have the greatest respect, and he, being of manner pleasing and of form robust, made such an impression upon some weak point of our brain that we yielded to his fascination, and signed the awful pledge, whereby we have denied ourselves all access, for life, to the refreshing Bass or the consoling brown stout. From the date of that signature— signing a I i 1 of sale or a note of hand is a mere joke to it— we have persuaded (?) ourselves that we can see the foaming tankard and beaded glass without one sigh or even the ghost of fond desire ; and, further, that all such beverages are but fiends, headaches, and human ills in disguise. Having come, with, rather uncertain and tottering steps, to such conclusion, we tried like a duck to take kindly to water, and then for the first time did we realize as a hard fact that to get a glass of that apuirently common but despised baverage is not nearly so easy as to procure a glass of beer, and that the stereo typed twopence which will purchase the latter will by no means obtirn the former in sound palatable condition. But we had eignei the irrevocable pledge, and, by a highly interesting and edifying ceremony, had even gained the right and title to the mystic letters I.O.G.T., aad it was therefore evident to our sober mind that some thing mwt bo done to give us the necessary supply of aqua pura. A glance at the adver tising pages of the English Mechanic and its contempora ries gave us at once the brightest hopes of success, and we gave loose rein to daydreams about pellucid streams and sparkling draughts to every sense refreshing. Having pored over a score of advertisements wherein filters of various forms were described, we made choice among them of one which seemed best tuited to our humble require ments. It was not selected because it was the best in the market, for strangely en High each individual filter adver tised arrogated to itself a decided superiority over all o'her filters, of what kind or quality soever. One declared itself to be the only one qualified to remove sewage, another would eradicate lead, another preferred a joust with lime and magnesia, but anv and all declared themselves qualified to produce the mucn-iought beverage — a glass of pure water. The order given, with P. O. O. duly incUsed, patience was kept in rather painful exercise for a few days, and then came the carrier's van, the hamper, and the station bill. With what zest the filter was raised from its nest of straw, its tap inserted, and itself filled, let stanch abstain ers judge. And now at last, on turning the tap, the coveted fluid is suffered to flow into the polished tumbler. But what is this ? Something is wrong somewhere, Held up to the light are many things which plainly ought not to be there. Perhaps it may be dust from the inside of the filter, which, once run off, will not reappear; or, haply, minute threads from the glasB-cloth — anyhow, we begin to entertain doubts— uncomfortable suspicions— which to our selves we will not acknowledge, it possible, but which linger, nevertheless, crnelly to interfere with our sense of unmingled satisfaction with our purchase. So matters go on for a few days, always more or less unsatisfactory, until at last we set the filter down as a failure, compelled to con fess that it has never yet given us pure watsr. Nothing daunted, however, in the search for a satisfactory article, we try a different kind ; it comes, it is tested, it is also dis carded ; we try again, and yet again, and after the expendi ture of' many pounds, we- have deliberately been forced to conclude that a glass of pure water cannot be had at any price. Now, be it observed that we have carefully abstained from giving a single maker's name, because to do so would be decidedly unfair. Let all stand upon their respective merits, and probably the actual difference of value of the regularly advertised ai tides is about equal. They all alike vastly improve very bad water, but all fail to give real purity where the original supply is itself fairly free from adulterations, as is the case with that which we are personally using. Speaking generally, therefore, it seems questionable whether there is at present in the market a really efficient water-purifier. Filters, so far as by the term we mean strainers — which will keep back the proper impu rities until the filter is clogged and ceases to act— there are undoubtedly, and up to a certain point they all work satis factorily. But will charcoal, the purifying medium of nearly all (for Spencer's patent is without it), -continue to purify, or, as one well-known maker informed the writer, improve after being used for a time ? Surely whatever chemical action it may exert upon the first gallon passed through it must be much less active after filtration of fifty times that quantity, nor can it mate much, if any, differ ence in this respect whether charcoal is consolidated into a block, as in Atkin's, or into a flat plate, as in the Bilicated carbon filter, or left in loose layers as in Lipscombe's. Then, in the filter of Spencer, said to act permanently, is it chemically possi le that the magnetic oxide of iron in such a comparatively small quantity as suffices to form a domes tic filter even of large size can continue to act week after week and year after year with no appreciable approach to saturation P lit appears to me contrary to all laws, chemical and mechanical, and that a perpetual chemical action is akin to perpetual motion. In spite, moreover, of the sponge used in most of these filters, grosB impuriti js do, beyond a doubt, find their way with sufficient rapidity into thelayeis of filtering medium, and must of necessity, so far, give back to the water subsequently filtered any soluble matter con tained therein, eo that chemically pure distilled water would be less pure on being passed through the filter than it was before. In those filters in which the greatest care is taken to keep back these grosser impurities— as, for instance, the silicated carbon filters— what an intolerable nuisance it is to be obliged to blow, and scrape, and scour the carbon every two or three days ; and the necessity of sucking at the hole of the carbon block filter to induce it to act is quite as bad, for it is by no means a mere casual necessity, even when, the water to be filtered is clear and almcst drinkable as it is. With regard, however, to the grosset impurities, great ad vantage is gained by filtering from below upwards, as in the well-arranged cistern-filter of Lipscombe, which is, however, we consider, better in the drawing than in the reality, though the principle is the same, the pipes being Ecarcely so satisfactory, we think, as the open space. By this upward filtration, the silt and heavier adulterations re main behind, and are drawn orf on the unfiltered side, eo f hat only the lighter particles and the soluble matter can by any possibility enter the body of the filter. But then the latter are, after all, the matters to be got rid of, con taining, as they do. the insidious germs of disease and death ; and it is to the mechanical and chemical powers of carbon we have as yet to trust for their elimination.' Now, if charcoal has this quality— which we freely grant within certain limits— it is certainly most powerful in the form of newly-burnt animal charcoal, with its might and strength unimpaired. But how long, how many days, can it be called freshly-burnt ? We purchase, to begin with, a new filter; but we can't possibly tell how long it is since the charcoal was placed in it, nor at what previous date it was burnt; and if we have the good fortune to get an absolutely newly-made filter of irreproachable manufacture, we should certainly expect it to act perfectly fof a few days, or perhaps weeks ; but to deteriorate very rapidly with certain waters, and only less rapidly with that ob'ainei from purer sources. If we regard charcoal as & powerful oxidiser, or, indeed, any o'her substance possessed of this quality, then it almost s'ands to reason that the more powerful is its ac ion tho less can that action be considered permanent, as it will be all the sooner exhaus'ed. Onr experience of many nl-ers has induced us to write thi* article in the hope that some who are qualified for the 'ask may take up the subject in a thoroughly scientific manner, and, po?sibly, discover means of rectifying some, at least, of the detec s of ordinary fibers. Of these we may enumerate— firs*, the mechanical defects, the coa'ing of carbon plates and blocks with matters obstructing the pas sage of ihe water. In a block filter in our possession used only with water already .filtered, some such obstruction plagues us every few days, although there is no visible scum. The second defect is the speedy accumulation of dirt in house filters, in which (he charcoal is loose and in which the water flows downwards. And, thirdly there is (he grand difficulty alluded to, and which we can hardly believe it possible to be a fallacy — the rapid exhaustion of the exidising and purifying effects of the filering media. We desire also to append a query in this pi tee as to electrified water— namely, whether electii city is i self a purifier, and whether by its means or other wise 'ozonizaiion' of water can be produced? We aleo desire to draw at ention 'o the fact that water forcibly pro jected from an orifice will carry with it a quantity of air, which, if the water is in the form, of fine sprav, would pro bably become in some degree incorporated with it. Lastly, we all know how sparkling and fresh spring water is— not only cool, but fresh aud bright. This ib probably from (he air contained in it— carbonio acid gas it may be, but whence is it obtained ? Is it partly dependent on the dep h from which it is drawn— carbonic acid gas being plentiful at the bottom of deep wells— or is it gained in i s passage along i»B underground course, and is the water forced by pressure to take up such, gas in quanity?— J. L., in English Mechanic. 