POETRY. A ROMANCE-YE MIERRIE MEN OF I BHERWOOD." Bly QUILL. Tue clock struck two-'twas past midnight, When ghosts do stall, in broad moonlight When fairies bold corroborles In the silv'ry light beneath the trees. But ore I fUrther chronicle A scene which was most comical, I'll just make mention of rumours afloat, Of signs most queer of robbers about Catthroats and such kinds of marauderP, ]Iroaking through bolts and lightening larders. Now, upon the very night just stated, Two "Oharlies" watched under fence and prated- \ Not loud; but there the?cp|?bulated Chances of promotion (so etis stated), Should by luck this villoiaus crow Fall into their clutches, no matter how few. So there they sat on this still, long night, Grasping their trunaheoas,.ready for fight. Now, from the inn it happened that night, There turned homeward an honest wight- A man of soul, a worthy cobbler, Forgetting not his usual nobbler Of toddy to drive dull thoughts away, And give their place to spirits gay. But soon reflections his brain took hold Of ghosts, hobgoblins, and robbers bold; And as it chanced his rood'led by Just where the "Charlloes" were watching sly. Thloy as soon as him their oeye did fix on, Oried " Villain I stand I play us no tricks on; Stand and surrender, or yoau'ro a dead man I" 1ut the more they shouted ~ae faster he ran, When whie went a shot clean, ver his head, " 3Murther I" be oriled, " I'm aiqther man dead I A cobbler I am that's true to'iy last, As honest a one as either prseout or past, A report of a gun in the dead of the night blade thl neighbours awakec in a terrible fright; Out of toe windows went aightcaps, and eyes Rolling in terror at the horrible cries, "Toe robber I the villain I tbe robber Is dead If he Isn't, 'tie all the fault1of the lead," Neighbours rushed out in raiment of purity, Or bolted their doors for grd for security. Each was a Hector in his ow oestlmation As he collared his friend in wild desperation. The scene growflercer, the din grew louder, In a night as mild as a Jumes's powder, At last It was found, 'midst all the belabour, That each hau seized onbhis next'door neigh. bourI TIhe ond of it all was the cobbler was found Alive and kicking, and not on the ground; Homeward he hied, as light as a feather, And sang as he wont, "There's nothing like leather I" -T/ae Echo. 