ROBBED AND MISTAKEN FOR A GHO>T. The Mochanicsburg (Cumberland County) Journal tells a story that seems almost in credible, though it is vouched for as strictly true. Samuel Erb, of East Penns bbro township, had been to church one night, and as lie approached his house was startled by a commotion in his chicken coop. On investigating the cause he discovered three, men wringing the necks of ,his poultry. "When the thieves saw him they fled with their plun der, seeking shelter among some bushes. Mr Erb, with his dog, pursued them, but a couple of shots from the thieves caused the dog to retreat. A pistol was then presented^ to his breast by the robbers, who robbed him of his money and watch, and then compelled him to take off his clothes, stripping him of his sliirt and drawers. They then gagged him and tied his hands behind liis back, and he was allowed to go homo, the thieves taking their departure also. A corres pondent of the Journal tells the rest of the story as follows :—" The feelings of Mr Erb can be easier imagined than de scribed as he walked home through the keen air. But his troubles were not yet oyer, for at his gate he was met by his dog, which had deserted him. Failing to recognise his master, he kept barking and snapping through the pales at his legs. Mra Erb being aroused by the noise, looked out of the win dow, ■ and seeing his white figure dancing in the moonlight thought it was a ghost, called her father, who was stay ing with her at the time, who came armed with the shot gun, and opening the door he called off the dog. Ho then desired" to know the mission of one in so strange an attire. Never was man more willing to speak or more unable than Mr Samuel .Erb. So the only reply was a few nods of the head, accompanied by as many jumps with the feet. Mr Boozer then bronght his weapon to liis shoulder, and, taking aim at the supposed ghost, demanded it to speak immediately, or leave the premises. With this he coupled the pro mise that a failure to comply would cause him to fire. Mr Erb was now in a great dilemma. Speak he could not. If he stayed he would be shot, and if he went away he would freeze. In fact, he was nearly frozen already. He turned to go, and as he did so liis wife saw liis arms were tied on his back. Telling her father .this, that gentleman called to liim to come back, but kept the gun pointed, saying as long as there was 110 evidence of his hos tility there need be no fear. Mr Erb tremblingly obeyed, and on drawing near was recognised and taken in and cared for." 