FRANCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PARIS, Aug. 5. Take your telescope, and gaze for an instant from your far distant land at our aged Europe. In the picture which presents itself to your eyes, the Eastern imbroglio still holds its place in the foreground. Turks, Servians, and Montenegrins have been fighting for these last four weeks without any visible result A great deal of marching and counter-marching-the same positions occupied in turn by the two parties ; skirmishes which from afar look like battleS, war bulle tins which are contradicted on the following day, and frequently in the following hour, such is all that can be said upon the campaign. For the moment, if we are to believe the telegrams received this morning, the Turks, who up to the present had remained on the defensive, doubtless with a view to assemble their troops, have begun to attack most vigorously, and have penetrated into Servia by the eastern frontier. A battle a real battle-would seem to be imminent, unless the Servians should fall back and take up their cantonments in their mountains, where they could hold out for months together. But how can they fall back without fighting, and give up the country without defence to all the excesses of a vengeful and booty-seeking soldiery? For this campaign, it must be said, bears no re- semblance to our European wars. The Turks, or rather the Circassian hordes which follow in their train, carry on a war of savages rather than of civilised nations. And on the other hand, the Montenegrins and Boaniacs take good heed to commit the very same atrocities with which they upbraid their foes. On both sides they burn and they plunder, cut off each other's ears and noses, and, to say the truth, Turks and Christians are as pitiless and murderous as the kernel and gallow losses in the time of Macbeth. I am willing, until the contrary be proved, to except the Servians from the accusation, for, in their manifestoes at least, they disclaim all share in such barbarous warfare. The intervention of the powers is still spoken of, but it is difficult to see how this intervention can have any effect before a battle lost or won shall have inclined the scales towards one or other of the parties. Besides, it is doubtful whether the powers can come to an agreement together. A fortnight since (21st of July the Emperor of Germany and the Emperor of Austria met at Salzburg. The embracing. which signalised the interview of Reichstadt were of coarse renewed at Salzburg, after which they had another chat of half an hour's duration together. This is the sole information we have hitherto obtained of this imperial interview. We have a right to believe that this was a mere visit of court-By, for neither Count Andrassy nor Prince Bismarck attended his sovereign. Perhaps, also, it is allowed to ask how it is that one of the three emperors cannot have an interview with one of his allies without the third immediately running up, doubtless to make inquiries as to what has taken place, or perhaps to blot out the impression produced. This would not seem to betoken a very great degree of confidence as existing between the three empires. In Russia the same exasperation still prevails against England, and it seems to be for this latter power an additional motive to per- severe in the line it has adopted, and in which it is tacitly supported by the other powers, with Austria at their head. If you will connect what Lord Derby has said, or rather intimated, on this subject in Parliament with what I myself wrote to you last month about that " long-drawn sigh of relief which burst from every breast in Austria when the refusal of England to adhere to the memorandum of Berlin became known," you will see it is absolutely the same idea expressed in nearly the same terms. Meanwhile, what is the Sultan doing? " Philip is dead," the Athenians went about repeating in the time of Demosthenes. "No, he is grievously ill, and so it is with Mourad I and the newspapers. The truth is that for several weeks past he has not attended, according to custom, the public prayer on Friday and besides, the ceremony of the girding on of the sabre, teklidiself- which is for the Ottoman monarchs what the crown or consecration is for the prince's of the west, and which takes place on the fifth day after their accession has been put off from day to day on account of illness. What illness? Madness has been spoken of, and poisoning, and an abdication, voluntary or involuntary. According to some accounts, the Sultan has been struck with terror by the bloody scenes which followed his accession. Pursued by the bleeding and gib- hering ghost of his uncle, he has no other wish than to bury himself in the recesses of his harem. According to others, the Softas, displeased with his wavering attitude, would fain put up in his place his brother Abdul Humid, a more resolute, man, and more in accordance with their ideas. This latter is said to belong to the party of the Old Turks, who will not bear of a Parliamentary Government The very date of this substitution of monarchs is designated, and was to take place, it was said, on the 2nd of August, that the 4th has passed away, and no telegram has come to confirm the tidings On the contrary several despatches from Constantinople, published this morning, announce that Sultan Murad is fast advancing towards a complete cure ; he has already begun course of sea- bathing, reads the newspapers, and has once more sat down to his piano. It is true that, according to other despatches of the same day, he is growing worse and worse, and his health is now to be despaired of. What seems to result from those contradictions is, that there exists in Stamboul, in the Divan itself, two opposite parties, one of which, taking no account either of the times or of the circumstances, or of the situation of Turkey in Europe, dreams of the return to the time of the Caliphs ; the other which, without forsaking the tradi- tions of their race, would fain enlarge its basis, and is ready, if needs be, to govern with the Koran against the Koran. The Ministry is divided between these two parties, an unfortunately the Sultan-and this is a point which seems undeniable has not the energy required to overBway this state of things, and bring his own will into action, a will clearly expressed and intelligent, showing the end to be obtained, and marching towards it despite of every obstacle. Mourad bears a much greater resemblance to his father than to his grandfather. In the crisis in which Turkey is now she would re- quite the iron band of manhood, who seeing it was impossible to overcome the resistance of the Janissaries massacred 15,000 of them in one day, and thus, says his biographer, "cut down this thicket of thomB which stopped up his way and impeded his triumphant march." The revolution of the 30th of May has given to Turkey a gentle, melancholy, and weak sovereign as Abdul Medjid was Mourad abhors blood as much of his father did before him, whose Ministers could not wrest from him a sentence of death against a state criminal. His pity extended to the very animals. One day, when walking in the gardens of Eoheragan, a wandering dog, pursued by his brethren of the neighbourhood, escaped, I know not how, ¡nto the Imperial residence, and took refuge, all bruised and bleeding, between the Sultan's legs. The guard came up to kill the beast, but he stopped them, saying, "He is under the shadow of the Padisbilt." He ordered the wounds of the poor animal to be washed, and a kennel to be built for it on the very spot where the dog had fallen at his feet. That kennel was shown me during my stay in Turkey. There was a time when events new acting in the East would have been a weighty matter for our statesmen, and for the whole country. To-day we look upon them calmly enough, and are even content to play the part of mere spectators. We have enough to do at home to recover from the wounds we have received, and this situation was a few days ago well indicated by a caricature. France is seen seated in an arm-chair in the guise of a convalescent ; Mars, the god of war, in an undress uniform, has come to pay her a visit, and says :-" Madam, there may be some noise of fighting shortly in the street; I advise you to close your windows, and pay no attention tort." The municipal law has been voted to the great disappointment of the adversaries of the Republic. There did indeed exist in the bill a ticklish clause of a nature to disturb the harmony which at present reigns between the Ministry and the majority and on that clause these good people relied for a rupture. The point in dispute was, who was to choose the mayors in the chief towns of the district or canton. As you are well aware, the canton holds the third rank in out administrative hierarchy ; it is a subdivision of the arrondissement, which is a sub-division of the department. The chief town of a canton is usually a small town, or a large borough of a few thousand inhabitants. The Republicans were desirous that the mayors of these localities should be assimilated to the mayors of the rural com- mines, and elected by the inhabitants themselves, whereas the Government claimed the right of nomination for itself. In this difference of opinion there was evidently a cause of dissension, and the Conservatives would be very foolish if they did not do their best to ripen it Fortunately, the Republicans avoided the snare. Finding themselves in the alternative either to give up a principle or to overthrow the Ministry, they have renounced for the time being one of the chief points of their platform, in order to ensure the execu cution of the all-important one-the maintenance of the Administration in Republican hands, or, in other terms, the regular and gradual consolidation of the Republic, and the unlucky clause was voted by a majority of 155, with about 80 abstentions- the said 80 being about the total number of the uncom- promising ones of the Assembly. Beaten in the Chamber of Deputies, the Conservatives sought to avenge their defeat in the Senate, and they laid hold of a day or portion of a law, recently voted by the Deputies, which, while it recognised full liberty of teaching in the higher branches of instruc- tion, reserved to the University of the state along the right of conferring the degrees of doctor and licentiate in the faculties of law, medicine, belles lettres, j. This law was stoutly combatted by the clericals, headed in the Senate by the Bishop of Orleans, by Duke de Broglie, Prime Minister of the Cabinet of the 24 th of May, and M. Buffet ; whilst the Republicans, to a man, voted on the Government side. The law was thrown out in the Senate by 144 races against 139 ayes, thanks to the defection of M. Laboulaye, a member of the University voting against the University. It is but just to say that this law was neither more nor less than the repeal of an article of the Bill of Superior Instruction " voted last year by the-preceding Assembly, which had not even been put to the test, and of which M. Laboulaye, who is now Be clerical, had powerfully aided the adoption. The Chamber of Deputies was highly incensed at this throwing out of its law, and fears were entertained of a conflict between the two Houses, but reflection soon calmed down their anger. All idea of reprisals was set aside, and the Ministry, whose fall was very likely aimed at by the triumphant party in the Senate, feeling itself strongly supported by the other House, has remained in office, only they seem to incline a little more to the Left than hitherto. The Parliamentary session is now nearly over, and no more great battles are to be feared. The debates on the budget began a few days since, and are going on briskly. They will in all likelihood come to a close about the middle of next week, and Parliament will be at liberty to break up. The budget of ways and means, as they are now laid before the House, is estimated at 2 I milliards 672 millions of francs for the receipts, and 2 milliards 365 millions for the expenses. Among the latter the service of the public debt and endowments amounts to the enormous sum of one milliard 201 millions and a half of francs ; not that the interest of the debt absorbs in reality the whole of that sum. The interest of the consolidated debt amounts to 1747 millions of francs (£20,880,000). A sum of 290 millions and a half (£1,186,000) is set aside for the payment of sundry annuities, subventions to railways, and the yearly reimbursement of the debt to the Bank of France. Then come the life annuities, military pensions, and retiring pensions, which require a sum of 123 millions and a half and lastly, the endowments come in for a share of 22 millions of francs, of which the greater part goes to the Legion of Honour and the navy pensioners. The President of the Republic receives only GOODOOGA, or £24,000, with £12.000 more for the expenses of his household. The cost of the Senate amounts to £180,000, and that of the Chamber of Deputies to £272,000. Then come the different administrations. The army and navy alone absorb a sum of £28,800,000, or £222,000 more than last year ; whereas the civil services of every kind those which have a material or moral utility, justice, public worship, public instruc- tion, the fine arts, agriculture and commerce, and public works come in only for £18,920,000. Besides the indications furnished me by the budget itself, I find in the report of the Upper Board of Trade some very curious information as to the result produced in our country, inasmuch as the increase of our productive force is concerned by the transformation of our commercial system is accordance with the treaties of 1860. Allow me to present you here with an abstract of what seems to me most worthy of notice During the three years which preceded the new system, 1857, 1858 and 1859, the amount of our annual imports, exclusive of transit, was on an average about 1,600 millions of francs, and the export 2,000 millions, making up a round sum of 3,696 millions of francs, or £147,840,000, whereas in 1873, 1874, and 1875, despite our military disasters and the loss of our two wealthy manufacturing provinces, Alsace-Lorraine, our yearly average imports have attained the sum of 3,570 millions of francs, and the exports 3,887, making together seven milliards 435 millions of francs, being an increase of more than cent, per cent, on the period anterior to the commercial treaties. In the space of 15 years our railways have more than doubled. From 9,100 kilometers on the 1st of January, 1860, they comprised in the month of May of the present year a total length of 22 000 kilometers, whilst the transport of travellers and merchandise buB increased in a still greater proportion, rising from 20 millions of tons in 1859 to 57 millions in 1875. Despite the elevation of our postage tax since the war, the circulation of letters in the interior of France has risen from 263 millions to 350 millions of letters and printed papers of all kinds, newspapers, circulars, c., from 170 to 308 millions. And lastly, our telegraphs have now a range of 50,000 kilometers instead of 15,000, after the deduction of the Alsace-Lorraine lines, There is money in abundance. The City of Paris Loan of £6,000,000 was taken up two and-fifty times over. Government stock at the end of July closed at a rate unknown since the war, and however great the share to be ascribed to motives of speculation, it is nevertheless a marvellous sight to behold France, with a debt of more than 20 mile- liards, and charged with heavy taxes ; with a not, as yet, very Stable Government at; home, without any solid allies abroad, affirm so valiantly her wealth, and show as plainly the high credit she enjoys. That credit and owes allow me to say so with a certain feeling of national pride to her proved integrity in money matters, to the sacrifices by her unhesitatingly accepted and persevered in to fulfil the most onerous engage turns, to the great publicity so easily controlled of her public accounts, her expenses, and her resources. By a widely different example Spain shows tons what a nation may be led to, by want of order in its "ways and means," and by the absence of that spirit of sacrifice required by the stress of circumstance. She has disclaimed all reform, has refused to diminish her expense at home, to increase her taxation, and even to introduce a little order and justice in her accounts of the money received. In the fiscal point of view Sjjgin is still the country of privileges, unlawful inequality, and fraud; the burden of public expenses falls upon the lowly and the guileless ones, whereas those who occupy the high places shake the burden off from them either by the connivance of their protectors or by cunning, and the crafty ones have recourse to contraband or even to bribery in order not to support it. Privileges of all kinds flourish again ; en- dowments to the members of the royal family and it is a large one, I assure you retiring pensions to the numerous function, aries, whom each successive revolution thrusts out of office ; indemnities to the clergy, &c.; The result is that the general service of the public debt is kept in the background, counts only for one-third of the national income, and that third is almost wholly swallowed up by the floating debt. In this way the Government lies at the mercy of the bankers, who sell at a very high interest the sums they advance, guaranteed by the best and surest revenues, and there is but a very narrow interval between that and bankruptcy. As I happen to mention the Royal family of Spain, I may as well tell you that the Queen Dowager Isabella has just left Paris, where she has constantly resided since her abdication, and has gone to join her son at Madrid. Before her departure she addressed a letter to the President of the Republic, in which she expressed her gratitude for the welcome she has met with in this pleasant and beautiful land of France," and her intention to share the days she may yet have to live between the country whose queen she was, and the country which was the cradle of her family." Together with the Queen of Spain, Chevalier Nigra-and in good sooth the loss is much more to be deplored is about to leave our capital, having been appointed ambassador of Italy at the court of St. Petersburg. He is hardly 40 years of age, and was the senior (most ancient) of the foreign ambassadors at Paris. He was sent here in 1859 by Count Cavour, whose favourite pupil he was, and had not left us since. Young and elegant a man of the world and a true gentleman, witty and Sprightly in conversation, a poet and a scholar, he united every talent and every grace. He was the idol of our fashionable drawing rooms, and at the same time was looked upon as one of the shrewdest diplomatists in Europe. He was highly esteemed at the court of Napoleon III., and after a time he won over the Empress Eugenie, who at first were hostile to him-an influence which he turned to good account for the deliverance of Italy. In 1865, Venice was still under the yoke of Austria; one day the Empress But once took it into her head to bespeak from Italy for the hearing on the lake at Fort milestone a Venetian gondola and a gondolier. One evening she called upon the gondolier to sing her a Barcarolle in his native language. The poor fellow knew none but those songs that are so often echoed by the Rialto and the quay of the Sclavoniau, una he knew, as well as everyone else, that such duties require to be somewhat chastened ere they are sung in the hearing of a princess, and he held his tongue. "If your Majesty defile a barcarole,"said Chevalier Nigra, who witnessed his embarrassment, " I will com- pose you one for to-morrow evening." The Empress smiled, and accepted. The morrow evening the gondolier snug a most beautiful city in the purest Italian, which ran nearly as follows, the gondola itself being supposed to be the speaker : " I was born beneath the skies of Italy ; I was christened on the billows of the Adriatic in the midst of the strife of the elements. The waves swell and rage the storm roars aloud; an oppressed nation weeps in vain. 0, fair Empress, if ever thy august consort takes his seat beside thee Sailing over this crystal tide, tell him that far off, very far, in my own country, poor, despoiled, and miserable, bleeding Venice turns her eyes towards thee in painful expectation." I only quote the purport of the poem, the words of which with their cadence and rhyme, and expressed in the plaintive and Boit-laDguaged tongue of Venice, produced a marvellous effect The Empress listened, thoughtful and silent, to the song of the gondoliers, and went away without uttering a single word. But a year after, Venice was restored to Italy. When poetry does take into its head to meddle with politics, it often goes further and moves quicker than all the congresses in the world. The mention of this anecdote carries me back to the recent publication of the second volume of the Memoirs of Odilon Barrel. This volume comprises the period between the election of Prince Louis Napoleon to the Presidency of the Republic down to the 31st of October, 1850, that is to say, from the first to the second Ministry of Odilon Barret, and contains several curious details concerning the Prince, whom M. 0 Barret, as leader of the Opposition, had often had occasion to become acquainted with during his imprisonment at Ham and amongst others, I will select the following, which is highly characteristic of the Imperial dreamer called Napoleon III. The Prince had just confided to Odilon Barret the mission to form an Administration. "Iitfoiel gave in my final consent to perform the task," says Odilon Barret, " I was desirous to have with the Prince a clear and thorough explanation, for it was but right that I should know what system of policy I should have to defend and was to be responsible for "Now this is the conversation we had together one day when, on leaving the Assembly, we went to dine together at my house at BougivaL I remember well, and even noted down at the time, the principal features of the dialogue. Odilon Barros-" It is necessary, before I consent to accept the trust you offer me, to be acquainted with the line of policy in which you wish me to take a share." Louis Napoleon. and very just too, Have you read my book upon pauperism ?" 0\. Barrot-"\es, I have read it, but only superficially." -LouisNapoleon.-"Well, did you not find therein a whole System of government ?" Odilon Barrows' recognise therein the most generous sentiments, but nothing either very feasible or applicable to the present state of things " Louis Napoleon.-" But what do you think of the idea of taking the waste lands of the different communes, who would receive a rent on the state in lieu thereof, and to distribute these lands among the workmen of our towns, where their agglomeration, you are well aware, is a constant and ever-exist- ing danger for society ?" 0\. Barret.-" I think that the idea is not only impracticable, but that it is even dangerous," Louis Napoleon (after a cause). You may he right as to that matter, but, at all events, when a man bearing my name is raised to power, he must do great things," Do great things I such was indeed the constant care of this fertile but ill- balanced brain-the principal mobile of his government, which, by an ever- shifting scenery, seems to have no other object than to strike the imagination, and which, in the unceasing pursuit of brilliant phantasies, came at last to the Mexican expedition and the defeat at Sedan. The light is beginning to dawn upon that singular personage Napoleon III., although the time has not yet come to form of him a definite opinion ; when it does come, document b will not be wanting. For my own part, I know some extremely curious, and of unequalled interest-a collection of letters addressed by the late Emperor to a person who was the witness and companion of a great part of his life, from his birth to his death. These letters, to the number of 200 are bound together in two thick volumes, and are all in the Emperor's own handwriting. The first bears the date of the autumn of 1890, when the prince was only 12 years of age. The last was written only two weeks before his death. They have been bequeathed by will to the Bibliotheque Nationale de Paris, and I myself handed them over only three days ago to the Bible- I cheque in my quality of executor of the will. A copy is joined to the original, and is, at a future period, to serve for the publication, the care of which has been entrusted to M. Renan, a member of the Institute, and author of the Life of Jesus. But it cannot 1 take place before the year 1885. Till then the original and the copy are to be kept sealed up in the reserved book pesos of our great national book deposit, 