LAW REFORM. TO THE EDITOB. "Cursed be the social lie3 that warp us from the living truth," Sir—Your correspondent " Suitor" points to the circumstance that a large majority of the cases decided iu Local Courts turn purely upon difficult points of law. He deems this an ex cellence in those Courts. I think it a defeot, not in the constitution of the Courts, but in their practioe. These Courts are expressly directed to decide according to "equity and good -conscience," not upon legal quibbles, which are most -frequently utterly beside the merits. For judgments, guided as it is enacted they should be guided, no lawyers are necessary. In fsct, your correspondent strikingly confirms the charge brought against the working of the Courts that they strive too frequently after the "law"rather than the "gcod conscience" of a case. This is manifestly directly opposed to the principles upon which these Courts were created. I do not profess to be acquainted with "all writers " upon jurisprudence. _ Their opinions however, are not binding, and it is not necessary to be their slave. An English lawyer, a writer of considerable eminence, supports my views when he says—"In so far as concerns justice and veracity there are two codes of morality th t in this country have currency and influence, viz , that of the public at largo and that of Westminster Ball. In no two countries can the oomplexlon of their respective legal codes be easily more opposite than that of these two moral codes." And again—1' So far as concerns love of truth and justice, the greatest, but at the same time the most hopeless, improvement would ho the raising of the mind of a thorough paced English lawyer, on a bench or under a bench, to a level with that of aH average man taken at random, whose mind had not, for pro- . fessional views and purposes, been poisoned by the study of the law." The whole passage is too long to he cited at length, but the above is sufficient to show thit all jurists are not so much in accord as " Suitor" states. Natural justice unfettered by precedent is undoubtedly preferable to artificial nstice, of which we have had so long, so painfu', and so unsatisfactory experience. — .It is.high time that the hollow mockery of certainty claimed by our present system should be exposed and scattered to the winds. This hideous idol of oer'ainty of precedent, so wor shipped, by the devotees and high priests of the law has no more substantiality than the Cock lane Ghost. The uncertainty that "Suitor" so graphically predicts will follow the abolition of precedent as authority is not one whit greater - than that which. now exists. His prophecy of the result of giving force to " peculiar and con tradictory prejudices, ideas, and opinions" is exactly applicable to the present state of things, following precedent as we now do, or attempt to do. A case is a precedent only until some strong-minded Judge refuses to be bound by it, or some weak-minded Judge is persuaded that it has no authority in another case. This latter case again is in like manner at any moment liable to be doubted,: impeached, or ovorruled by still another caso. The uncertainty of the law is proverbial. Talk of the uncertainty of the law! Talk of any man knowing the law ! Why even among lawyers, who have devoted themselves to the study of the so-called science, from the Lord Chancellor down to the rawest errand boy in an attorney's office, there is no man that knows the'law,' Yet it is to the mtrcj of this no knowledge, and to the " certainty" (?) founded upon this no-knowledge that " Suitor" would leave us. He will not contend that Jaw admi nistered in the Supreme Court is less certain than that administered by a professional Local Court Magistrate. Take the first instance that occurs to me. Let " Suitor," as .1 believe he easily can, notwithstanding.nis lay signature, compare and attempt to reconcile the judgment of the Supreme Court in re Nathan's Assignees, which decided that a deposit of a ileal Property Act certificate of life constitutes an equitabio mortgage, with that of the same Court in Lango v. Buwoldt, which decided that equities are not recognisable under chat Act. Let him reconcile, if he can, the judgments in Manning v. Crors man, Tranter v. Lord, and Hackett v. Knebbo —all Real Property Act cases. • Let him read the arguments and jndgments in the late oase of Murray v. Acraman (the costs of which, by tbe byo, nearly swallowed up the value of tho subject-matter), and then let him vonch for the certainty of the law, if he will. Let it be understood that these remarks are directed against an imperfect system, not against individuals. My suggestion that laymen should ha allowed . to advocate causes was founded upon the coivs^ slderation that the public have a right to obtain that advocacy-they most prefer. There'are Inferior advocates among lawyers, as there';aro outside the profession many good ones. No reason exists, save the mischievous considera tion of "vested interests," why "Suitor," if he so prefer, should not employ one of the latter olass instead of one of tho former class. No confusion can exceed that of the present esoteric system, but imperfectly com prehended, and necessarily so, even by its mo3t learned professors. I trust, with your correspondent, that Par liament will soon take the matter in hand, will extend the. jurisdiction of the Local Courts, will amend or abolish the present power of appeal, will endeavor more effectually to re strict the authority of precedent, and enable laymen to advocate oauses if they oan find clients. These reforms will be progressive, and in accord with" the spirit of the times, Tho views of your correspondents, " Suitor" and "Reform," appear to me to be retrogressive. I am, Sir, &c.;, VERITAS. lllh January, 187G. 