SOOTH AUSTRALIAN MEMS. f The Register records the death of Mr. Arthur Mellen, aged 85 years, and well known in Port Adelaide as the Railway Watchman. The deceased joined the British army in 1810, and was with his regiment ordered to proceed from America to the Peninsula campaign, and although he did not take part in the decisive battle at Waterloo be was with the army of occupation in France, and has been a pensioner for over 40 years. He was an honest and upright man, and took delight in telling the young people of the chief events in which he had taken part The deceased was a native of Antrim County, Ireland, and was to lie seen daily under the portico of the Port Police Office, where he used to spend a good deal of leisure time in conversation with the constables when they were off' duty. The local Times writes :—" It is understood that it is contemplated to form a Steam Mill and Wheat-buying Companv at Port Wallaroo, and already promises have been received that a large number of shares will be taken up. There is little question, if this project lie carried out, it will be what might be called the making of Port Wallaroo. As far as may be judged, there is a fair prospect of not only there being no loss incurred, but a profit being probably gained by shareholders. The Kapwiria Herald is responsible for the following:—Haunted houses and ghost stories usually belong to old countries, and indeed the exercise of common sense hns served to cause such superstitious fancies to be exploded there. There has, however, unfortunately been prevalent in Kapunda for the last week or two a ghost story arising out of the malicious action of some lierson who no doubt conceives he is playing a brilliant part when he succeeds iu frightening women or children. For some time past those whose business, &c.;, has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occasionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white passing within sight, and ns Mr. Richards was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon 6ot down as his ghost Mrs. W. Tuckfield, amongst others, was greatly frightened by such an appearance early on "the evening of Saturday week as she was'coming into the main street. When she was near the mill office the figure in white rose up out of the new culvert, crossed the road, find entered the plantation. This occurrence gave Ifrs. Tuckfield a very severe shock, and in addition to those who luive. been frightened by seeing it, numbers of children have ' been greatly frightened by hearing esaigs^iitc& accounts ©1'it. The police spent one or two iY nights in the neighborhood, watching for this would-be-thought ghostly visitant; but we, presume his gbostship cannot beat to be near the gentlemen in blue. Practical joking of almost any kiud is objectionable, and this is cotli senseless and highly dangerous. A shock might in this way be instantaneously inflicted on persons of nervous temperament the evil results of which would be life-long in duration. We understand that efforts ate being made to catch this senseless joker, and if, as we trust will be the case, these arc successful, we hope his captors will give him a good sousing in the dirtiest part of the dam, and a^ood hiding into the bargain. We should be the last to advocate an illegal assault on any person, but as this person wishes to be taken for a ghost he should receive ghostly treatment, and the water test would effectually settle the question as to the spiritual or material nature of this nocturnal visitant. If he belongs to the former order it won't hurt him ; if to the latter he fully deserves all the injury he may receive." The following importaut notice, signed by the Collector of Customs, has 'been posted iu the Custom-house at Port Adelaide :—" The New South Wales Government having agreed to allow goods to go under bond to Botirke and Wilcannia, entries will in future by taken for those places as well as Wentwortli." This arrangement will be a great advantage to South Australian uiercliauts, as it will enable goods to be sent in bulk to Wilcannia and Bourke, and the duty need only be paid as the articles bonded are wanted. This of course is an important point when it is considered that the rivers are only navigable at certain times, and that a large trade is done with Queensland stations from the ports to which the arrangement is now extended.—Adelaide Observer. A 'Frisco correspondent of the Adelaide, Journal, writing on the 21st June, says:—" I saw a well-known Australian yesterday, viz., Frank Gardiner, the once noted and feared bu&hrauger.; He is keeping the Twilight Star, Kearney- street, which is a very small drinking slwp. It seems to be kept ray orderly by him. Gardiner looks a man of about 40 years. lie does not seem to euioy very sjood health, and complains of rheumatism. He says that bushranging is ' played out.'" 