THE NUMBER SEVEN. HIPPOCRATES says that the septennary number, by its occult virtue,' tends to the accomplishment of all things, is the dispenser of life, and fountain of all its changes; and like Shakspeare, he divides the life of man into seven aoes. In seven months a child may be. born and live, and not before. Anciently," a child was not named before seven days,, not being accounted fully to live before that periodical day. The teeth spring out in the seventh month, and are renewed in the seventh year, when infancy is changed into childhood. At thrice seven years the faculties are developed, manhood commences, and we become legally competent to all civil acts; at four times seven mail is in full possession' of his strength; at five timeii seven he is fit for the business of the world, six'times seven he becomes grave and wise—or never ; at seven times seven he is in his apogee, and from time he decays. At eight times seven he is in his first climateric; at nine times Seven, or sixty-three, he is in his grand climateric, or year of danger ; aiid ten times seven, or threescore years , and ten, has by the Koyal prophet been pronounced the natural period of-hu mail life. In six days creation was perfected, and the seventh was Consecrated to rest. On the seventh, iof the seventh month a holy observance was ordained to the children of Israel; wiio.feasted seven days and remained seven days in Test. The seventh year was directed to be a Sabbath of rest'feral} things; .and at the end of seVen times' seven years commenced the ,.grand j ubilee. Every seventh year'tlielanAlayMlow; 1 every seventh year there was a general release from all debts, and all bondsmen were set free. Prom this law may have originated the custom of binding youn"' men to seven years' apprenticeship, and of punishing inporrigible pffend.ers by transportation for seven years," twice seven, or three times seven years. Every seventh year the 3a\v was dirictod to be read to the people. Jacob served seveii years for the_possession of Eachel, and'-aiso• ahotlieii seven-years. 'Noah had seven days' warning of the flood, and was commanded to take; the-fowls of the air into the ark by sevens, and the clean beasts b^ sevens. . The ark touched thegroiindin the seveiith'niorith, «nd in seven days a dove was sent, and again in seven days after. The seven years of plenty and the seven-years of famine were foretold in Pharaoh's dreams by the seven fat and seven lean beasts, a,nd the,seven .ears . of.full corn and the' Seveii: real's • of blasted torn. The' young animals were tp reihaiii with the dam seven days, and at the close of -the- «eventh~taken- away; - --ByHhe -old law, man was commanded to forgive his offending brother seven times; but the meekness of the last revealed i i-eligion extend Ills huniility and forbear-' ance to seventy times seven times. If Cain shall Jx; i;evenged sevenfold, truly destruction of Jericho seveii "priests 1 hore sfeveii^rumpefe sev«n:;days, and. • on. the. seventh, day. surrounded the 1 : walls seVen times, and after- the seventh • • time the walls fel}. ; lialfwni prepared seven bullocks and<;seyen i^iins for a ^ sacrifit^. . \Laba_n: pursued Jacob seven 4 a y s ' journ'ey. *Job's frieiidsWat witli him; seven^aaya-aiVd seven«dglits;and offered" ..seven bullocks.and seven rams jis.an. V.jft^rifiging' ^up. the ; Ark; ofFered '.seven biillocks .smbni HaScaa.". his servant seven times- to look for the .. -cloud.' Hvzekial),' iir cleansing the' f temple, (offered seyen" bullocks, and ; • seven' ' rams, .anil seven he-goats, j Jor : a sin offerings ; 33ie children of Jsrael, gvhen Hezekiali-took.^ i^'-i^^i^flfet^^aiHfe 1 • feast • of ^llpjivtoed. br&id.; seven days, and! _ :%ySri^ays';f6ast, r anidgSitfor^fe^ue^^ venth ibeifieasted isevekfaays..a in the itaber- naele ivere seven 3amps. Seven days " were appointed for tlie atoneme^fcupon I the priest's / sdii: was J -omauied to wear Ms; father's garment] fs^l^^y^v :3Hie children of Israel-ate i . iinlelr^nea bread seven, days. Abra-1 ham gave seven ewe lambs to Abimelech as^memorial for-a well. - Joseph:! : mom- ried- seven days for Jacob: > JEhe. "HabHris s:iy God : <einpl6yed -" the' poweL* of answering this number to perfect "the gimtness of Samuel, .his name answering''the value : if- thfe~ letters in the Hebrew word . which, signified seven, .j whence Hannah, ' his mother, '* in. her thaiiks, says," The barren had brought forth the; seventh." In Scripture are enumerated ^even- resurrections ; the widow'sison;by Elias, the Shunamite's son by Elisha, the soldier who touched the bones of the prophet, the- daughter of the ruler of the synagogue, the widow's son. of Naih, Lazarus, and. our blessed Lord. • Out of Mary Magdalme were cast seven devils. The apostles chose - seven deacbifsr Enoch, who was translated, was the seventh after Adam, and : Jesus Christ the seventy-seventh in ;a direct line. - Our ' Saviour spoke seven times ! from' the -cross, on which he remained seven hours. ' He appeared seven. times after ; seven times seven days he sent the-Holy Ghost; "In the Lord's Prayer are ! seveii petitions expressed; in - seven : times seven : words, omitting those of; mere grammatical connection. Within. - this number are contained all the mysteries of the Apocalypse revealed -to tlie seven churches of Asia. There appeared seven/-golden: candlesticks, and seven stars "that" were ih the handloT Him that .was in the- midst; -seven -lamps being the seven spirits of God; the book with seven seals, seven kings, seven thunders, seven thousand men slain,- the -dragon -with seven-'heads, and the seven angels bearing the seven vials of wrath the vision of Daniel seventy weeks. The -fiery furnace was made seven times hotter for Sliadracli, Meshack, and Abednego. Nebuchadnezzar ate the grass of the field seven years. The fl elders of Israel were seventy. There are also uumbered seven heavens, seven planets, seven stars, seven wise men. seven champions of Christendom, seven notes in music, seven primary colours, seveii deadly sins, seven sacraments in the Roman Catholic Church, and seven wonders of the world. The seventh son was considered as endowed with pre-eminent wisdom ; the seventh son of a seventh son is still thought by some to possess the power of healing diseases spontaneously. Perfection is likehed to gold seven times purified in the fire ; and. we yet say " you frighten me out of my seven senses.." There were sevan chiefs before Thebes ; .the blood was to be sprinkled seven times before the altar; Naaman was to be dipped seven times in Jordan ; Apuleius speaks of the dipping of the head seven times in the sea for -purification. In all the solemn rites «f purgation, dedication, and consecration the oil or water was 'seven times sprinkled. The house of wisdom in Proverbs had seven pillars. — Manchester Courier. 