PASTORAL MEMS. (The Agents from whom >ee derive the information are rcsjiousiitc for the statement of aycncy cm ployed in cuch transaction reported in this column. J By our telographtc columns it will bo seen that the Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Co. have received a telegram dated May the 10th, from Helmuth, Schwartz, and Co., London. The wool sales closcd dull, witii a downward tendency, ouly prices for superior Hi-eeo and greasy, are well main tained. The bulk of supplies sells rather easier, particularly scoured, and faulty, and inferior greasy. The general state of trade is unsatisfactory. ^ 350,000 bales have arrived for the next series, commencing on 20th June. Messrs. Love and Murray, of Egan Creek, liavo sold to Sir. J". C. Head, of Springhurst, 3000 wethers at a satisfactory price. Fosbery, Maekimion and Co., agents. Messrs. Oliver and Touipsou report the sale of a team of working Iml'.ockB on ac count of Mr. Andrew M'Entyrc. 250 head of fat cattle (l)r. Mcius, of Boo rama) passed Coonainble last week for Syduoy iu charge of Air. Slcnson. 203 fat bullocks, property of Ch A. and 1*. Mein, from Booroomu station, iu charge of Mr. Stinsou, are en routo for Sydney market, and said to bo a prime lot. Tho body of a prize bullock bred by Mr. G-. Lee, of Bathnrst, was slaughtered and weighed, exclusive of caul fat, 1552 lbs. Messrs. Moore and Waller report tlio sale of 2500 wethers, on account of Mr. II. T. NVhitly to Mr. II. Grattan. Messrs. K. Gibson and Co. in conjunction with a Deniliquiu agent, have sold 2000 wethers on account of Messrs. Peppin and Sons, to Wilkinson and Co., of Tom's Lake. Messrs. Woolridgo aud Wren report the sale of 3000 wethers, on account of Mr. W. R. Virgoe, of Mathoura, to Mr. W. Bell, of Morago. The following arc the Deniliquiu crossings for tho past week, May 20—1G00 sheep (Darchy's), R. Gibson and Co. agents. ?tum 27—180 head cattlc (from Ulonga), aud Co. agents. •Goul Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co., as for Messrs. Brisbane Brothers, of JSppi, lu, park, Epping, sold the pure shorthorn nm! C Double Brunswick, 10 months old, to avecc Laurence Dugdale, of Myrniong, for >c*1 *,fJ guineas. He is by 8th Duke of Derrimut, the famous Duke of Brunswick out of L Brunswick, by tho same sire. .• B Three puro bulls purchased by Mes^ c] Cobb and Co. passed through Wcllingiigiii] last week, bound for their station, Bucl<l-Bct! guy, Marra Creek. They wero purchased,.^ tho recent Exhibition, aud nro respcctivclytMy Duko of Derrimut, Theodore, and Imperial Purple. A Bcecliworth agent reports tho salo of tho Upper Indi station without stock, at a fair price* The Banner states authoritatively that tho recent nomination of Mr. J. C. Crommelin to the appointment of Inspector of Sheep for tho Albury district, in the place of tho lato Mr. N» P. Lockhart, has been' duly con firmed. Sir. Boucaut,. the South Australian Chief Secretary, stated recently that a well-informed squatter told him that tlio loss to tho squat ters during tho past three months, in tho tlireo colonies, had amounted to £10,000,000 storling. The Toowoomba Chronicle of tlio 23rd May says :—"Wo understand that St. Ronan's station, tho property of Messrs. William Graham and Daniel Williams has been sold, with stock, to Messrs. Gore and Co., of Yandilla, for tho sum of £G3,000. Tho whole station is a freehold, and comprises an area of 21,500 acres, and lias been sold, as ucarly as possible, at an average of £3 per acre. This sale supplies a very fair idea of the enormous value of land on tho Darling Do.wns, The Dubbo district stock items are as fol lows—Mi\ R. G. Goodisson (P. R». and Co.) reports tho delivery at Warren of 6000 ewos sold to Mr. W. R. Chapman, of Mullah, on account, of-Mr. M'Culloch, of Colane. 50 head of fat bullocks, (Golding's) bought from Mr. K. Morrison, of Burroway, have reached here, for' local consumption—a very priino and heavy lot of bullooks. 9000 slice}) (Ma clean's havo passed up tho Talbragar. 203 fat bullocks (Mcin's) ' have left Boorooma', in charge of Stinson, for Sydney. 5000 Bhcep (Sullivan's) have passed Cannonbar going to Cowga. Tho Walgctt items for tho past wpok arc —McPhail's sheep have passed for* Buckiiu guy. 150 fat cattle are leaving Kiguigil, for Sydney. 8000 sheep '(Oliver and Smart's) have passed, in charge of Gwyn, for tho Mchi. Mr. J. C. Tibbits reports tho sale of a smnll lot of steers on Wednesday, at £4. Demand, however, for store stock is not great, and £3 is only offered for largo mixed lots—buyers ready to operate at that price. Captain P. C. Kidd, tho well-known stock nuctionecr, of Lexington, Kentucky, U.S.A., hus issued a circular giving the details of his sale3 for 1875. We give the following ab stract Total number of stock sold, 1893 j general average for shorthorns, £85 j general avcrago for thoroughbreds, £117; general average for trotters, £1-2 j highest avcrago of any salo of shorthorns, B. B. Groom's, £305 j Ir.ghost avcrago of any sale of thoroughbreds, A. J. Alexander's, £16Gj highest avcrago of one sale of trotters, C. S. Dale's, £90 0s; total amount received for stock soldby him in tho season, £12G,44G. The following are tho Bourke stock items for tho week ending the 29th inst. 42 bulls belonging to Messrs. Cobb, and Co., got bj 5th Jnike of Derrimut are within twent\ miles of'town on routo for that Company11 Cunnamulla station. They are.in charge oi . Mr. M'Guiggan. R. M. Hughes reports the sale of 300 heifers from the well-known Yanda herd to Mr. A. C. Wilson, at £5 por head delivered at Pirilic. Tho above heifers art tho progeny of selected COP cows anc D'Dougal and Lee bulls, and for breeding pur poses aro not to bo surpassed. Our Narandera correspondent writes thai the grass is growing finely in that locality and that water is plenty everywhere. The Queenslauder of tho 27th inst., has tho following stock items. From Taroom on tho 20th, 10,000 sheep belonging to tin Hon. John liny, passed through bound foi Bon Accord, Dalby. 204 fat head of cattle, purchased on Warrinilla station, supposed to go 1100 lbs each, brought £6 Is Gd pel head. 11,000 sheep from Glenelg station passed Naramlera about the 20th ulto. We have already published tho telegraphn .report of tho following sales, the furthe: particulars, of which, we now take from the Qucenslander — Walla Station, Wide Ba^ District, together with about 4400 head o cattle, at £4 per head, on account of Join Barker, Esq., to Messrs. G. R. and A. A Johnston. Cauia Station, Burnett District, together with G000 head of cattle ami 15,000 sheep ; the cattle at £4 10s per head, the sheep at Gs each, and the horses, &c.;, at a valuation; on account of Messrs. 11. B. and J. C. Ride-, to Messrs. M'Cord ant ICuox. Langton Downs Station, Lcitchardl District, together with 27,000 sheep, anc 52S0 acres freehold laud ; sheep for £28,000, and purchased land at cost price ; total pur chaso money, £31,000 ; on account of tin Scottish Australian Investment Company, Limited, to Messrs. Singleton and Mcnzics. 