|RHE WOVEHST. ? daNXEL DERQNPA.* BY GEOKGE ELIOT. BOOK V.-MOBDECAl CHAPTER XXXV. ...ninaM of consolenoe m'aaurod by extent ^?meT^an hfewry had been different, and»Qe ,cr^? look to Bee the contriver* of greedy ware and lould iook T' da-- 0f the money-mirket In one l8w^ceretio? penitents with the meaner OOP °' f6' t ourBe and the murderer that doth his ?,bber and cut puree^u hU own hand. No doubt 'fXeB bath »8 rewards to distribute; but whoso lok . .m« rievil's rame must needs be Duer, more ?Zriunw brutal than the order ol thta ptanetwUJ ne ,S, (ha multitude born ol woman, the most o! I°w ^LtiDe a form of conBolenoe-a fear which is ""iiuinw of JuBttce, a pity which is the shadow of ieehttatbinlereth from the prize pi serene wicked [itselfdifficult of maintenance in our oomposite n°n the 29th of December Deronda knew /foe Grandcourts had arrived at the ?mU bit he had had no glimpse of them fnr« he went to dress for dinner. There 'Sheen a splendid fall of enow, allowing » narty of children the rare pleasures of lulling and enow-building, and in the ristmas holidays the Mallinger girls were ntent with no amusement unless it were ?Win and managed by "cousin " as they S always called Deronda. After that oat m exertion he had been playing billiards, Id thafl the hours had passed without his telling at all on the prospect of meeting Lendmen at dinner. Nevertheless, that oanect was interesting to him, and when, a 3e tired and heated with working at rasement, he went to his room before the jf.bour bell had rung, he began to think of ifrithsome speculation on the sort of in* ience her marriage with Grandcourt would lVe on her, and . on the probability that ere would be some discernible shades of ange in her manner since he saw her at iplow, jost bb there had been since his first non of her at Leubronn. "I fancy there are some natures one could t growing or degenerating every day, if one ,tched tbem," was his thought " I sup M some of us go on foster than others; d I am Bare she is a creature who keeps long traces of anything that has once im aged her. That little affair of the neck », and the idea that somebody thought r gambling wrong, had evidently bitten to her. Bat such impressibility tells both iys: it may drive one to desperation as soon to anything better. And whatever fascina ins Grandcourt may have for capricious tes-good heavens! who can believe that would call out the tender affections in ily companionship ? One might be tempted horsewhip him for the sake of getting oe show of passion into his face and »ch. I'm afraid she married him out of ibitkra-to escape poverty. Bat why did i ran oat of bis way at first ? The poverty ne after, though. Poor thing t she may we been urged into it. How can one feel iftbing else than pity for a young creature »that-fall of unused life-ignorantly rash BogiogaU her blind expectations on that nant of a human being !" ocbtleBB the phrases which Deronda's Citation applied to the bridegroom were less complimentary for the excuses and in which it clad the bride. His notion Grandcourt as a "remnant" was founded no particular knowledge, but simply on impression which ordinary polite inter* ree had given him that Grandcourt had ira oat all his natural healthy interest in m n general, one may be sure that whenever narriage of any mark takes place, male luaintances are likely to pity the bride, 'ale acquaintances the bridegroom : each, ithought, might have done better; and ecially where the bride is charming, young itlemon on the scene are apt to conclude t she can have no real attachment to a ow so uninteresting to themselves as her loatio, but has married him on other anas. Who under snch circumstances es the husband? Even his female rnds are apt to think his position re. xitive : be should have chosen some one \perhaps, Deronda may be exucsed P^P*T any pity for Grand n. who had never struck acquaintances *Zff° 9°me ont of his experiences with W suffering than he inflicted; whereas unr«°{Ld \J?2ngi he*dlonK. eager for I",1.11 the. flatten which makes ely girl believe in her divine right to ®tTrr^quicyyiinight life turn from ex tawy to a bitter tense of the irremedi it hoi u what he had seen of her he » faSkL f* rather dull feelings not to r entrant!! .°fmaTd with w®e interest to 06 mt0 the wo®. StiU, since the SKLTF ***** in the : WatRmil01jw hft4^bBfn enthroned el» m I 8 Diplow, she was ts»taKitVe her countenance ; hmru. !? manifeatation or concealment. iliJSi ° w°uld indulge the curious u£?o0 eiP°sire of her feelings. 1 »e»Tnn?^uad ,^en .invitea to meet £ aristocracy was re ^^sentrv al£ ^ady Pentreath; the the wL ycung Mr. and Mrs Fitzadam, »»anoh of the Fit* and the pubUc good, as lOttamK ®Mer interest; by 'Mr. >ie'd by 0roh*rdf« Mcom. >familv bv L^S8^T \rLt4? MaUin ^ lui wife -Hi«. brother, Mr. Raymond, Sinker thi f bachelor element by ^wnoodt^SSf0 00?n»1- by Mr. teftar* sssaSfeflaflteg c oim twSi°1{£I*Ma,Unqpr* With illy 6t hour. Theaoene was i'SSr v*«?i to." £aas|«"»?2S J convening with that <toh la»isSSSTtSl bom taTroSVho themselves, but are understood to ba an quainted with the beat in every department closc-cbpped, pale-eyed, mmchalaia, asgood a foil as ooulcTweU be found to the intend colouring and vivid gravity of Deronda. He was talking of the bride and bride, groom, whose appearance was being waited for. Mr. Vandernoodt was an industrious geuier of personal details, and could pro. bably tell everything about a great philo ffifittsrtjtearia Em Gr"ld«"lrt »b» " Men who have seen a good deal of life ft1 aShyLWy^h00Bi,lg their wives so welL He has had rather an anecdotic history -gone rather, deep into pleasures, I fancy. atouUiknBufc' of course, yon know aU "No, really." said Deronda, in an indif. ferent tone. I know little more of him tti^n that he is Sir Hugo s nephew." But now the door opened and deferred any satisfaction of Mr. Vandernoodt's commnni. cativeness. j.^e Bcene wasone to set off any figure of distinction that entered on it, and certainly when Mr. ana Mrs. Grandcoart entered, no beholder could deny that their figures had distinction. The bridegroom had neither more nor less easy perfection of costume, neither more nor less well-cat impassibility of face, than before his marriage. It was to be supposed of bim that he would put up with nothing less than the best in outward equipment, wife included; and the wife on his arm was what he might have been ex pected to choose. " By George, I think she's handsomer if anything!" said Mr. Vander noodt. And Deronda was of the same opinion, but he said nothing. The white silk and diamonds-it may Beem strange, but she did wear the diamonds ou her neck, in her ears, in her hair-might have something to do with the new imposingness of her beauty, which flashed on him as more un questionable, if not more thoroughly satis factory, than when be had first seen her at the gaming-table. Some faces which are peculiar in their beauty are lifc^ original works of art : for the first time they are almost always met with question. Bat in seeing Gwendolen at Diplow, Deronda had discerned in her more than he had OTrmcted of that tender appealing charm which we call womanly. Was there any new change since then? He distrusted his impressions ; but as he saw her receiving greetings with what seemed a proud cold quietude and a super ficial smile, there seemed to be at work within her the same demonic force that had possessed ber when she took bim in her resolute glance and turned away a loser .from the gaming-table. _ There was no time for j more of a conclusion-no time even for bim to give his greeting before the summons to dinner. He sat not far from opposite to her at table, and could sometimes hear what she said in answer to Sir Hugo, who was at his liveliest in conversation with her; bat though he * looked towards her with the intention of bowing, she gave him no opportunity of doing so for some time. At last Sir Hugo, who might have imagined that they had already spoken to each other, said, "Deronda, you will like to hear what Mrs. Grandcourt tells me about your favourite Klesmer." Gwendolen's eyelids had been lowered, and Deronda, already looking at her, thought he discovered a quivering reluctance as she was obliged to raise them and return his unem barrassed bow and smile, her own smile being one of the lip merely. It was but an instant, and Sir Hugo continued without panse "The Arrowpoints have condoned the marriage, and he is spending the Christmas with his bride at Qaetcham." " I suppose he will be glad of it for the sake of his wife, else I daresay he would not have minded keeping at a distance," said Deronda. " It's a sort of troubadour story." said Lady Pentreatb, an easy, deep-voioed old lady; " I'm glad to find a little romance left among us. I think our young people now are get ting too worldly wise.'* " It shows the Arrowpoints' good sense, however, to have adopted the affair, after the fuss w the papers," said Sir Hugo. "And disowning your only child because of a misalliance is something like disowning your one eye: everybody knows it's yours, and you have no other to make an appearance with." "As to mesalliance, there's no blood on any side," Baid Lady Pentreath. "Old Ad miral Arrowpoint was one of Nelson's men, you know-a doctor's son. And we all know how the mother's money came." "If there were any mtmlliance in the case, I should say it was on Klesmer's side," said Deronda. "Ah, you think It Is a case of the immortal marryingthe mortal. What is your opinion ?" said Sir Hugo, looking at Gwendolen. "I have no doubt that Herr Klesmer thinks himself immortaL But I daresay his wife will burn as much incense before him as he requires," said Gwendolen- She had re covered any composure that she nlight have lost. " Don't you approve of a wife burning incense before her husband I" said Sir Hugo, with an air of jocoseness. "Oh, yes," said Gwendolen, "if it were only to make others believe in him." She paused a moment and then said with more eaiety, " When Herr Klesmer admires Bis own genius, it will take off some of the ab surdity if bis wife says Amen." " Klesmer is no favourite of yours, I see, said Sir Hugo. " I think very highly of him, I assure you,' said Gwendolen. " His genius is quite above my judgment, and I know Urn to pe exceed ingly generous." She spoke with the sudden seriousness which is often meant to correct an unfair or Indiscreet sally, having a bitterness against Klesmer in ber secret soul wbioh she knew herself unable to justify. Dsronda was wondering what he should have thought of her if be had never heard of her before: probably that she put on a little hardness and defiance by way of concealing some pain ful consciousness - if, indeed, he oould imagine her manners otherwise than in the light of his suspicion. Bat why did she not reoognise him with more friendliness ? Sir Hugo, by way of changtag the subject, said to her, Is not this a DeauUfal room! It was part of the refectory of the Abbey. There was a division made by those pillars and the three arches, and afterwards they were built up. Else it was half as large again originally. Then used to be tows 01 Bene dictines sitting where wear* sitting. Bap pose we were suddenly to see the lights taming low and the ghosts of the old monks rising behind all our chairs!" " Please don't I" said Gwendolen, with h playful shudder. " It is vwr nloe to dome after anoestors and monks, out they sbpuld know their plaoes and keep underground. I should be rather frightened to go about this bouse all alone. I suppose the *. hiT tions must be angry with as because altered things eo much." «... Oh, the ghosts most; be of all pohv , ' parties," said Sir Hugo. "Andthow fellows who wanted to ohange things while rj '' couldn't do it, mut be on our Bide. Bat if yon would not like to go over the house alone, yon will like to go ia com pany, I hope. Yon and Grandcourt onght to see it all. And we will ask Deronda to go round with us. He is more learned about it than I am." The baronet was in the most complaisant of humours. Gwendolen stole a glance at Deronda. who most have heard what Sir Hugo said, for he had his face turned towards them helping himself to an entrie; but he looked as im passive as a picture. At the notion of De ronda's showing her and Grandcourt the place which was to be theirs, and which she with painful emphasis remembered might hav° been his (perhaps, if others had acted differently), certain thoughts had rushed in -thoughts, often repeated within her, but now returning on an occasion embarrassingly new ; and she was conscious of something furtive and awkward in her glance, which Sir Hugo must have noticed. With her usual readiness of resource against betrayal, she said playfully, "You don't know now much I am afraid of Mr. Deronda." " How's that? Because you think him too learned ?" said Sir Hugo, whom the peculiarity of her glance had not escaped. " No. It is ever Bince I first saw him at Leubronn. Because, when he oame to look on at the roulette table, I began to lose. He cast an evil eye on my play. He didn't approve of it. He has told me so. And now whatever I do before him I am afraid he will caBt an evil eye upon it." " Gad! I'm rather afraid of him myself when he doesn't approve," said Sir Hugo, glancing at Deronda; and then, turning his face towards Gwendolen, he said, leas audibly, I don't think ladies generally object to have his eyeB upon them." The baronet's small chronic complaint of facetiousneas was at this moment almost as annoying to Gwen dolen as it often was to Deronda. "I object to any eyes that are critical," she said, in a cool, higtfvoice, with a turn of her neck. " Are there many of these old rooms left in the Abbey ?" "Not many. There is a fine cloistered court, with a long gallery above it. Bat the ?nest bit of all is turned into stables. It is part of the old church. When I improved the place I made the most of every other bit; but it was out of my reach to change the stables, so the boises have the benefit of the fine old choir. You must go and see it.1' "I shall like to see the horses as well as the building," said Gwendolen. "Ob, I have no stud to speak of. Grand court will look with contempt at my horses," said Sir Hugo. " I've given up hunting, and go on in a jog-trot way, as becomes an old gentleman with daughters. The fact is, II went in for doing too much at this place. We all lived at Diplow for two years while the alterations were going on. Do you like Dip low?"' " Not particularly," said Gwendolen, with indifference. One would have thought that the young lady bad all her life had more family seats than she cared to 30 to. ."Ah! it will not do after Ryelands," said Sir Hugo, well pleased. "Grandcourt I know, took it for the sake of the hunting. But be found something so much better there," added the baronet, lowering his voice, " that he might well prefer it to anyothet place in the world." " It has one attraction for me," said Gwen dolen, passing over this compliment with a chill smile, "that it is within reach of Offen ders." " I understand that," Bald Sir Hugo, and then let the eubject drop. What amiable baronet can escape the effect of a strong desire for a particular pos session ? Sir Hugo would have been glad that Grandcourt, with or without reason, should prefer any other place to Diplow; but inas much as in the pure process of wishing we can always make the conditions of our grati fication benevolent, he did wish that Grand court's convenient disgust for Diplow should not be associated with his marriage of this very ?charming bride. Gwendolen was much to the baronet's taste, but, as he observed afterwards to Lady Mallinger, he should never have taken her for ayqunggid who had married beyond her expefctations. Deronda bad not heard much of this con versation, having given his attention else where. but the glimpses he had of Gwen dolen's manner deepened the impression that it had something newly artificial. Later, in the drawingroom, Deronda, at somebody's request, sat down to the piano and sang. Afterwards Mrs. Raymond took his place; and on rising he observed that Gwendolen had left her seat and had come to this end of the room, as if to listen more fully, but was now standing with her hack to every one, apparently contemplating a fine cowled head carved in ivoro which hung over a small table. He longed to go to her and speak. Why should he not obey such an impulse, as he would have done towards any other lady in the room? Yet he hesitated some moments, observing the graceful lines of hex back, but not moving. If you have any reason for not indulging a wish to speak to a fair woman, it is a bad plan to look long at her back: the wish to see what it screens becomes the stronger. There may be a very sweet smile on the other side. Deronda ended by going to the end of the small table, at right angles to Gwen dolen's position, but before he could speak she had turned on him no smile, but such an appealing look of sadness, so utterly different from the chill effort of her recogni tion at table, that bis speech was checked. For what was an appreciable space of time to both, though the observation of others oould not have measured it, they looked at each other-she seeming to take the deep rest of confession, he with an answering depth of sympathy that neutralised other feelings. " will you not join in the musiof' he said, by way of meeting the necessity for speeoh. That her look of confession had been in voluntary was shown by that just perceptible shake and change of countenance with which she roused herself to reply calmly, " I join in it by listening. I am fond of music." " Are you not a musician ?" "I have given a great deal of time to music. But I have not talent enough to make it worth while. I shall never sing again." "But if you are fond of music, It will always be worth while in private, for your own delight I make it a virtue to be con tent with my middlingness," said Deronda, smiling; "it is always pardonable, bo that one does not ask others to take it for supe riority." " r cannot imitate you," said Gwendolen, recovering her tone of artificial vivacity. ."To be middling with me is another phrase for being dull. And the'wbrst fault I have to find with the world,Is that it is dulL Do y6u know, I tyn rang to Justify gambling in epfte of yon. Itls&iefugelrom; oalness. "I don't admit the Justification," Isaid Deronda, " I think whtt weoall the dolness of things Is a disease in ourselves. Else how could any one find an interest ia life! And many do." . "Ahi I see! The fault I find In the world is my own fault," said Gwendolen, smiling at wtt. Then after a moment, looking up at ?be ivory again, she said, " Do you never find "'It with the world or with others ?" ?»^h yes. When I am in a grumbling * ,ate P®°P,e ? Confess you hate them when th« <,tand fe. y°ur way-when their gain is yowW,8! That ,0ttt own J?1"®8®, yoS "landing in each other's stupid to hate people Oft h.T I, V But if they injure *°LC°al*AY» helped it said Gwendolen,» ri.5 j tensity unaccountable in i*w84*ltaI "ke Deronda wondered at her choice el A painful impression arrested hteansv"®' a moment, but at last he said, with a gravMj deeper intonation, " Why then, after all, X prefer my place to theirs." " There I believe you are right," said Gwen dolen, with a sudden little laugh, and turned to join the group at the piano. Deronda looked round for Grandcoort* wondering whether he followed his bride's movements with any attention; but it was rather undiscerning in him to suppose that he could find out the fact. Grandcourt had a delusive mode of observing whatever had an interest for him, which could be surpassed by no sleepy-eyed animal on the watch for prey. At that moment he was plunged in the depth of an eaBy-chair, being talked to by Mr. Vandernoodt, who apparently thought the acquaintance of such a bridegroom worth cultivating; and an incautious person might have supposed it safe to telegraph secrets in front of him, the common prejudice being that your quick observer is oi»e whose eyes have quick movements. Not at alL If you want a respectable witness who will see nothing inconvenient, choose a vivacious gentleman, very much on the alert, with two eyes wide open, a glass in one of them, and an entire impartiality as to the purpose of looking. If Grandcourt cared to keep any one under his power he saw them out of the corners of his long narrow eyes, and if they went behind him, he had a constructive pro cess by which he knew what they were doing there. He knew perfectly well where his wife was, and how she was be ha vine. Was he going to be a jealous husband ? Deronda imagined that to be likely ; but his imagina tion was as much astray about Grandcourt as it would have been about an unexplored continent where all the species were peculiar. He did not conceive that be himself was a likely object of jealousy, or that be should give any pretext for it; but the suspicion that a wife is not happy naturally leads one to speculate on the husband's private deport ment ; and Deronda found himself after 1 o'clock in the morning in the rather ludicrous position of sitting up severely holding a Hebrew grammar ia his hands (for somehow, m deference to Mordecai, he had begun to study Hebrew), with the consciousness that he had been in that attitude nearly an honr, and had thought of nothing but Gwendolen and her husband. To be an unusual young man means for the most part to get adifficult mastery over the usual, which is often like the sprite of ill-luck you pack up your goods to escape from, and see grinning at you from the top of your luggage-van. The pecu liarities of Deronda's nature had been acutely touched by the brief incidents and words which made the history of bis intercourse with Gwendolen; and this evening's slight addition had given them an importunate re currence. It was not vanity-it was ready sympathy that had made him alive to a certain appealingness in her behaviour towards him; and the difficulty with which she had seemed to raise her eyes to bow to him, in the first instance, was to be interpreted now by that unmistakable look of involuntary oonfidence which she had_ afterwards turned on him under the consciousness of his approach. "What is the use of it all?'' thought Deronda, as he threw down his grammar, and began to undress. " I can't do anything tohtlp her-nobody can, if she has found out her mistake already. And it seems to me that she has a dreary lack of the ideas that might help her. Strange and piteous to think what a centre »f wretchedness a deli cate piece of human flesh like that might be, wrapped round with fine raiment; her ears pierced for gems, her head held loftily, her mouth all smiling pretence^ the poor soul within her sitting in sick distaste of all things! But what do I know of her? There may be a demon in her to match the worst hueband, for what I can telL She was clearly an ill-educated, worldly girl; perhaps she Is a coquette." This last reflection, not much believed in, waB a eelf-administered dose of caution, prompted parity by Sir Hugo's much-con temned joking on the subject of flirtation. Deronda resolved not to volunteer any tete-a tete with Gwendolen during the few days of her stay, at the Abbey; and he was capable of keeping a resolve in spite of much inniina. tion to the contrary. but a man cannot resolve about a woman's actions, least of all about those of a woman like Gwendolen, in whose nature there was a combination of proud reserve with rash ness, of perilously-poised terror with defiance, which might alternately flatter and disappoint control. Few words could less represent her than " coquette." She had a native love of homage, and belief in her own power; but no cold artifice for the sake of enslaving. And ihe poor thing's belief in her power, with her other dreams before marriage, had often to he thrust aside like the toys of a sick "bild, which it looks at with dull eyes, and has no heart to play with, however it may try. The next day at lunch Sir Hugo said to her. " The thaw has gone on like magic, and it's so pleasant out of doors just now-shall we go and see the stables and the other odd bits about the place?" .'Yes, pray,"said Gwendolen. "Ton will like to see the stable* Henleigh?" she added, looking at her husband. "Uncommonly," said Grandcourt, with an indifference which seemed to give irony to the word, as be returned her look. It was the first time Deronda had seen (hem speak to < each other since their arrival, and he thought t heir exchange of looks as cold and nffinjnl as if it had been a oeremony to keepnp a charter. Still, the English fondness for reserve will ucoount for muoh negation ; and Grand court's manners with an extra veil of reserve over them might be expected to present the extreme type of the national taste. " Who else is inclined to tbe tour of the house and premises ?" said Sir Hugo. Tbe ladies must muffle themselves: there fs only just about time to do it well before 6unset You will go, Dan, won't you ? " " Oh yes," said Deronda, carelessly, know, ing that Sir Hugo would think any ecoose dis obliging. " All meet in the library, then, when they are ready-«ay in bklf an hour," said the baronet, .Gwendolen made herfelf ready with wonderfhl quickness, and in 10 minutes came down into the library in her sables, plume, and little thick-toois. Aa soon as she entered the room she wasawaietfaat some one else was there: it' was precise!* what she had hoped for. Deronda m standing with his back towards her at the far end of the room, and was looking orer a, newspaper, flow could little boots make any noise on an * r^r^mt f And to cough would have seemed an in tended signalling which her pride could sot condescend to; also, she felt bashful about walking op to him and letting him know that she was there, though it was her hangar to speak to Mm which . Bet her imaginaom on oonstractnll this chance of finding bin. and had made her hurry down, as birds hover near the water which they dam net drink. Always uneasily dubious about his opinion of her, she felt a peculiar anxiety to* day, lest he might think of her with con tempt, as one triumphantly conscious of btiik Grandcoarfs wife, the future lady of this domain. It was her habitual effort now to ' magnify the satisfactions of her pride, oa which 4he nourished her strength ; but some ho(f Deronda's being there dustnrbed thena alL Them was not the faintest touch of coquetry Lor the attitude of her mini towards him: he was unique, to her among men, because he had impressed her as being not htr admirer but her superior in some mysterious way he was becoming a part of her confidence, as one woman whose nature is an objeet of referential belief may become a new conscience to * man. And now be would not look round and fini out that she was there! The paper crackled in his hand, his head rose ana sank, explor ing those stupid columns, and he was evi dently stroking his beard, as if this world were a very easy affair to her. Of coarse all the rest of the company would soon be down, and the opportunity of her saying something to efface her flippancy of the evening before would be quite gone. She felt sick with irritation-so fast do young creatures like her absorb misery through invisible suckers of their own fancies-and her face had gathered that peculiar expression which comes with a mortification to which tears are forbidden. At last he threw down the paper and turned round. "Oh, you are there already," he said, coming forward a step or two; " I must go and put on my coat." He turned aside and walked out of the room. This was behaving quite badly. Iters politeness would have made, bim stay to exchange some words before leaving her alone. It was true that Grandcourt came in with Sir Hugo immediately after, so that the words muBt have been too few to be worth anything. As it was, they saw him walking from the library door. " A-you look rather ill," stud Grandcourt going straight up to her; standing in front of her, and looking into her eyes. "Do you feel equal to the walk ?' "Yes, I shall like it," said Gwendolen, without the slightest movement except this of the lips. " We could put off going over the house, you know, and only go out of doors," said Sir Hugo, kindly, while Grandcourt turned aside. " Oh dear no !" said Gwendolen, speaking with determination; "let us put off no thing. I want a long walk." The rest of the walking party-two ladies and two gentlemen besides Deronda-had now assembled; and Gwendolen, went with doe cheerfulness by this ,side of Sir Hugo, paying apparently an equal atten tion to the commentaries Deronda was called upon to give on the various architectural fragments, and to Sir Hugo's reasons for not attempting to remedy the mixture of the un disguised modem with the antique-which in his opinion only made the place the more truly historical. On their way to the buttery and kitchen they took the outside of the house, and paused before a beautiful pointed doorway, which was the only old remnant in the east front. " Well, now, to my mind," said Sir Hugo, " that is more interesting,standing as it is in the middle of what is frankly four oenturies later, than if the whole front had been dressed np in a pretence of the thirteenth century. Additions ought to smack of the time when they are made and carry the stamp of their period. I wouldn't destroy any old bits, but that notion of reproducing the old is a mistake, I think. At least, if a man likes to do it he must pay for his whistle. Besides, where are you to stop along that road-making loopholes where yon don't want to peep, and so on? You may as well ask me to wear out the stones with kneeling; eh, Grandcourt?" " A confounded nuisance," drawled Grand court. "I hate fellows wanting to hoirl litanies-acting the greatest bores chat have ever existed." " Well, yes, that's what their romanticism must come to,". said Sir Hugo, in a tone of confidential assent-"that is, u they cany it out logically." " I think that way of arguing against a course because it may be ridden down to an absurdity would soon bring life to a stand still," said Deronda. " It is not the logic of human action, but of a roasting-jack, that must go on to tha last turn when it has been once wound up. We can do wiping safely without some judgment as to where we an to stop." "I find the rule of the pocket the best guide," said Sir Hugo, laughingly. " And as for most of your new-old building, yon had need hire men to scratch and chip it all over artistically to give it an elderly-looking sur face, which at the present rate of labour would not answer." " Do yon want to keep up the old fashinnn, then, Mr. Deronda ?" said Gwendolen, taking advantage of the freedom of grouping to faS back a little, while Sir Hugo and Grandoonrt went on. "Some of them. I don't see why wis should not use our ohoice there as we d* elsewhere-or why either ago or novelty by itself is an argument for or against To de light in doing thingB because our fathers did them is good if it shuts out nothing better: it enlarges the range of affection-and affec tion is the broadest bads of good in life." "Do you think so?" said Gwendolen, with a little surprise. " I should have thought you cared most about Ideal. kmrabSn. wisdom, and all that" "Bnttoeare about them is a sort of affeo » Deronda. smiUng at her sadden Gall It attaotanent, Interest wil ***!.* friStor titonkeof objects °t,i^l««M*e hun^lwinw ;1wt teperaUy^ln ^ npp afffffltftms "I wonder said Gwendoie»I*!^m|B53S5*6f old saucy manner. TfrinntaJjiaaiial mi that Is the rewwn tM 3 Keved what you eay of yourself," Bald Deronda, gravely. Here Sir Hugo and Grandcoort tamed rotrnd and paused. " I sever can get Mr. Deronda to pay me a compliment," said G wendolen. '' I have qaite & eaxi&aity; to see whether a little flattery can fee extracted from biin." " Ah!" eaid Sir Hugo, glancing at Deronda, .' the fact is, it is hopeless to flatter a bride. We give it up in despair. She has been so fed on tweet speeches that everything we say hkbi tasteless." " Quite true," said Gwendolen, bending her head and am fling. "Mr. Grandcoort won »e by neatly-tamed compliments. If there had been one word oat of place, it would have been fatal." " Do yon hear that T said Sir Hugo, look ing at the husband. " Test" said Grandcoort, without change of countenance. " It is a deacedly hard thing to keep up, though." All this seemed to Sir Hugo a natural play falness between sach a husband and wife; feat Denmda wondered at the misleading alternations in Gwendolen's manner, which at one moment seemed to invite sympathy by child-like indiscretion, at another to repel it feysroud concealment. He tried to keep oat a her war by devoting himself to Hiss Juliet Foui, a young lady whose profile had been ao unfavourably decided by circumstances aver which she had no control, that Gwen dolen some months ago had felt it impos sible to be jealons of her. Nevertheless, when they were seeing the kitchen-a pare of the original building in perfect preserva tion-the depth of shadow in the niches of the stone walls and groined vault, the play of light from the huge glowing fire on pelished tin, brass, and copper; the fine res onance that came with every sound of voice or metal, were all spoiled for Gwendolen, and Sir Hugo's speech about them was made rather importunate, becaase Deronda was discoursing to the othei ladies and kept at a distance from her. It did not signify that the other gentlemen took the opportunity of feeing near ber: of what uae in the world was their admiration while she had an uneasy sense that there was some standard in Deronda's mind which measured her into littleness? Mr. Vandemoodt, who had the mania of always describing one thing while you were looking at another, was quite in tolerable with his insistence on Lord Bloagh's kitchen, which he had seen in the north. "Pray don't ask ns to see two kitchens at cmce. It makes the heat doable. I mast Rally go oat of it," she cried at last, march ing resolutely into the open air, and leaving the others in the rear. Grandcoort was already oat, and as she joined him, he said " I wondered how long you meant to stay in that d d place"-one of the freedoms fee bad assumed as a husband being the use of his strongest epithets. Gwendolen, tarn inf to see tiie rat of the party approach, " It was certainly rather too warn in one's \- -,, ,, n WZSp6» They walked on the gravel across a green court, where the snow stall 1ay in islets on the grass, and in masses on the boughs of the great cedar and the crenelated coping of the stone walls, and then into a larger court, where there was another cedar, to find the beautiful choir long ago turned into stables, in the first instance perhaps after aa im promptu fashion by troopers, who had a pious satisfaction in insulting the prieeta of Baal and the images of Ashtaroth, the queen of heaven. The exterior-its west end, save for the stable doer, walled in with brick and covered with ivy-was modi defaced, maimed of faM and gargoyle, the friable limestone broken and fretted, and landing its soft grey to a powdery dark lichen; the long windows, too, were filled in with brick as far as the nirjpeft'g of the arches, the broad clerestory windows with wire or ventilating blinds. With the low wintry afternoon son upon it, .ending shadows from the cedar boughs, and lighting up the touches of snow remaining on every ledge, it had still a scarcely dis turbed aspect of antique solemnity which cave the scene in the interior rather a wtsrtffng effect; - though, ecclesiastical or reverential indignation apart, the eyes could hardly help dwelling with pleasure on its piquant pictoresquenees. Each finely arched chapel was turnkl into a stall, where in the dusty glaring of the windows there still gleamed patches of crimson, orange, feiae, and palest violet; for the rest, the ehoir had been gutted, the floor levelled, gavsd, and rirained according to the most approved fashion, and a line of loose boxes erected in the middle; a soft light fell from thawpper windows on dadc brown or grey infai and : on mild eauine oat with active nostrils over the .varnished brown boarding; on the hay *T-f*T from sacks where the saints once looked down from the altar-pieces; and on the pale-golden straw scattered or in heaps; «n a lime white and liver-coloured spaniel ?airing his bed on the-back of an elderly hackney, and on four ancient angels, still showing signs of devotion like mutilated martyrs; while over all, the grand, pointed roof, untouched fey reforming wash, showed Ha fines and colours mysteriously through veiling shadow and cobweb, and a hoof now and then striking against the boards seemed to fill the vault with thunder, while outride there was the answering bay of the blood "Oh, this is glorious!" Gwendolen burst forth, in forgetfulness of everything bnt the immediate impression: there had been a little intoxication for her in the grand spaces of courts and building, and the fact of her feeing an important person among them. "This is glorious ! Only I wish there were a horse in every one of the boxes. I would 30 times rather have these stables than those it fiyelands." But she had no sooner said this than some consdoBtness arrested her, and involuntarily aha tuned her eyes towards Deronda, who, .ddly enough, had taken off his felt hat ? and stood holding it before him as if they had entered a room or an actual church. He, like others, happened to be looking at ber, and their eyes met-to her intense vexa tion, for it seemed to ber that by looking at him die had betrayed the reference of ber thoughts, and she felt herself blushing: .he exaggerated the impression that even Sir Hugo aa well as Deronda would have of her bad taate in referring to the possession wi any tiling at the Abbey ; as for Deronda, abe had probably made him despise-her. Ber annoyaaoe at what she imagined to be the obviousness of her confusion robbed her of ber usual facility in carrying u off by play i»I epeech, and taming up her face to look at,the root she wheeled away in that attitude. If any had noticed her blaeh as ttij theWret windings and recesses of her fcmfi A Huh is no ti&giufp; only * tfafcfous flag-signal which may mean either of two contradictories. Deronda alone had a faint gases at some part of her feeling; but while he was observing her he was himself obsai talion . Doyen take off your bat to the fawpf r mUOnadoourt, wftb a slight sneer. "Why not7"laid Deronda, covering Ida self. He bad really taken off the hat&utomati; i cally, and il he bad been been an u*ly mam might doubtless have done so with impunity; I ugliness having naturally tM air of involun [ tary exposure, and beauty, of display. Gwendolen's confusion was eoon merged in I the survey of the horses, which Grandcourt politely abstained from appraising, languidly assenting to Sir Hugo's alternate depreciation ?nrf eulogy of the same animal* as ons that he should not have bought when he was younger, anu piqued himself on his hoiB6B) but yet one that had better qualities than many more expensive bra tea. "The fact is, stables dive deeper and deeper into the pocket nowaday?, and I am very glad to have got rid of that ddman gtaiton," said Sir Hugo, as they were coming coming oot " What is a man to do, thought said Grandcourt. "He must ride. I don't see what else there is to da And I don't call it j rising to sit astride a set of brutes with every deformity under thesun." This delicate diplomatic way of charac terising Sir Hugo's stud did not require direct notice; and the baronet feeling that the con versation had worn rather thin, said to the party generally, " Now we are gong to Bee the cloister-the finest bit of all-in perfect pre servation : the monks might have been walk ing there yesterday." But Gwendolen had lingered behind to look at the kennelled blood-hounds, perhaps because she felt a little dispirited; and Grand court waited for her. " You had better take my arm," he said, in ba low tone of command; and she took it. " It's a great bore being dragged about in fViia way, and no cigar," tud Grandcourt, " I thought you would like it" " Like it ?-one eternal chatter. And en couraging those ugly girls-inviting one to meet such monsters. How that/a* Deronda can bear looking at her " "Why do you call him a fat! Do you object to him so much?" "Object? no. What do I care about his being a fat f It's of consequence to me. I'll invite him to Diplow again if you like." "I don't thinfc he would come. He is too clever and learned to care about us," said Gwendolen, thinking it useful for her hus band to be told (privately) that it was possible for h'"i to be looked down upon. " i never saw that make much difference in a num. Either he is a gentleman, or he is not," said Grandcourt That a new husband and wife should snatch a moment's tete-a tele was what could be understood and indulged; and the rest of the party left them in the rear, till, re> entering the garden, they all paused in that cloistered court where, among the falling rose-petals 13 yeara before, we saw a boy frf^yfming acquainted with his first sorrow. Thin cloister was built of harder stone than the church, and had been in greater safety from the wearing weather. It was a tare nnimpla of a northern cloister with arched and pillared openings not intended for glaring, and the delicately-wrought foliage of the capitals seemed still to carry the very touches of the Gwendolen had dropped her husband's arm and joined the other ladies, to whom Deronda was noticing the delicate a»ni»* which had combined freedom with accuracy in the imitation of natural forms. "I wonder whether one oftener leamato love real objects through their -representa tions, or the representations through the real objects," he said, after pointing oat a lovely capital made by the coded leaves of greens, showing their reticulated under side with the firm gradual swell of its central rib. " When I was a little fellow these capitals taught me to observe, and delight in, the structure of leaves." " I suppose you can see every line of them with your eyes shut," said Juliet Fenn. " Yes. I was always repeating them, because for a good many years this court stood for me as my only image of a convent, and whenever I read of monks and monas teries, this was my scenery for them." " Ton must love this place very much," said Miss Fenn, innocently, not thinking of inheritance, "So many homes an like twenty others. Bat this is unique, and you seem to knowevery cranny of it. I daresay you could never love another home so welL " Oh, I carry it with me," said Deronda, quietly, bong used to all possible thoughts of this kind. "To most men their early home is no moA than a memory of their early years, and I'm not sore bat they have the best of it. The image is never marred. There's no disappointment in memory, and one's exaggerations are always on the good side." Gwendolen felt sue that he spoke in that way oat of delicacy to her and Grandcourt because he knew they mast hear him; and -that he probably thought of her as a selfish creature who only cared about prwwnswing tilings in her own person. Bat whatever he might say, it must have been a secret hard ship to him that any circumstances of his birth had shut him oat from the inheritance of his father's position; and If he supposed that she exalted in her husband's taking it, what could he feel for her but scornful pity? Indeed, it seemed dear to her that he was avoiding her, and preferred talking to others -which, nevertheless, was not kind in him. With these thoughts in her mindshe was prevented by a mixture of pride and timidity from addressing him again, and when they were looking at the rows of quaint portraits in the gallery above the cloisters, she kept up her air of interest and made her vivacious remarks without any direct appeal to Deronda. But at the end she was very weary of her assumed spirits, and as Grand court tamed into the billiard-room, she want to the pretty boudoir which had been assigned to her, and that herself up to look melancholy at her ease. No chemioal prooess shows a more wonderful activity than the transform ing influence of the thoughts we (o be going on in another. Changes in theory, religion, admirations, may begin with a suspicion of dissent or disapproval, even when the grounds of disapproval an bat matter of seardiing conjecture. 