:;; local news. ... Sheep for. Sydney.— Eighty . head of firimo sheep were shipped par steamer Mait and for Sydneyilast night. ? . ' ' i ' '? Oozn plaints about the Gas.— It is quite time tlie Uas (Jompnny of ..Newcastle got the .'necessary maohinery. for purifying the gas manufactured at their works. On Thursday night the town was partially eclipfed through the gas refusing to burn in a proper manner. .'? Wesleyan Foreign Missions.— The annual meeting of ' the Wesleyan Foreign Mis sions 'was held -last 'evening at the VVesleynn Church, Tyrrell street. In consequence of the pressuro of lato advertisements upon our space, weiare reluctantly, compelled to hold over a full report of the proceedings until our next issue. - - Prize Oup. — We are informed that Lieu tenant Kirkaldy.of No. 3 Battery of Artillery, ' has presented a silver cup, of exceedingly hand some design, to bo shot for by tho- members' of the company,;, with carbines, at , the' butts, but under what conditions our informant has not stated. On Saturday afternoon last, tlio com pany went through garriton gun drill on Allan's Hill; when there :was a large attendance. '. Nuisances Prevention Act By-laws ' — At the Council meeting ; last . evening! Alder man Creer brought up a code of by-laws pro viding fpr^tho proper working of the ... Nuisances ; Freyention':;Act' in this , city. ! '.Thai r; by-laws, *' j Which'wero undniniously'ddopted by the Council' (after discussion,)— first seriatim, and then1 as a jwholo— will be found in our report of the Coun cil meeting. , ? i 'Newcastle Oadet Corps.— On Satur-: day afternoon last the non-commissioned officers of the NowcaHtlo Cadet Corps were elected by ,tho members on parade. The following is the result of the election : — Sergeants : Masters Hollinshead, Cunlitfe, and Brown, the two for-' mer unanimously. Corporals : Masters Barne eon, Wood, Sym, and Bond. There was,- a very largo' attendance of members of the corps, which' we are glad to learn is rapidly becoming effioiant iu military exercise.- - ' ' Rates Of Freight. — It may be interest ing to persons connected with the trade of New castle to learn that traffic is steadily decreasing, and that an average table, oompilod by a compe tent hand, shows a falliug off of bot-veon 30 and 40 par. cent, on rates of freight from here to foreign ports. The explauation offered for this peouliar 'state of things is that coal is too high, and that the English markot undersells us. This is' an 'obstruction that will very likely find its own level in course of time. : ,The'-i_Rey. Mir. Foran.— The testi-. monial to this gentleman, consisting of a purse of sovereigns, an illuminated address, and an oleograph portrait of himself, will be presented ' on Thursday evening next, at .8 p.m.,' it St.' Mary's School room. All tho subscribers are' invited to attend, and a book bearing the names ot the contributors, will be also given to the Rev. Mr.' Foran, to bo kept as a souvenir of thoso' who have . testifiod thoir respect for his lengthened services on behalf . of his late parishioners. A Chinese Gambling House.— On Sunday evening Mr. Sub-Inspector , Thorpe, Senior-Sorgeant Conway, and Sergeant Dimohoe mado a descent on an establishment in Hunter street, which was professedly carried on by tho proprietor as a Cbineso boarding-house. Tho police succeeded in capturing a numborof the Celestials, somo of whom were actually gam bling at the time of their, arrost, while the others were looking on. Sight of the Chinese were lodged in the lock-up, and the cases wore to have been heard yesterday, but owing to tho great pressure of other business, they wore postponed. acaooi ox .axes ue Dating mass. — This class will hold its customary meeting' this evening, and we trust tho members will attend in good force. Wo are informed the present Ministry intend to resign office; not on account of any defeat (which has hitherto been avoided), but through private arrangements which prevent the continuous presence of tho ' official tivo.' It ib said to bo tho intuntion of tho retiring body to recommend for offloo entirely 'fresh blood,' and tho House will most probably, accept tbo recom ?nendation. One if tho out-goers will also bring on for discussion (according to the rule permit ting private members so to do) tho following resolution,:— '-That the Dramatic. productions of tho prOBOQtdtty.tend to destroy tho moral in fluonoo of tb.e aiago.''; ; ,: .„.. ;,.,..,;., |,; ..,;: ,i, . I ?/ TTtie You Yangs Inquiry— The second ; inquiry' intq the, cirouajtuDces attending tbo striking of the. steamer. Tou ?Yaogs'.^n the 3rd inst.',N w&s; ' rpsumed dt^d ' cbncludod('boforo the Local Marino Board on Saturday..' At. tho first inquiry, it will be remembered that Captain' Tbrussell of tho You Yanes, was adjudged to have been. in; default in negligently managin tho vessel. At tbe.rosumed inquiry sovernl wit nesses wore exnminjd for the dofenco of Captain Thrussell, and after; giving '.'? nil ' the' evi dence careful^ consideration, ^..tho- Board found that tho charge against Captain Tbrussell., had, .been proved in so far as that lie had 'boon' guillj of inattention to tho vessel's spocd towards the termination of tho passage, and want of caution, on approaching' ;p'brtf duri&gfdfp;^. They, rebnsidered, lioivoror, that a consure'of Captain Tbrussell would bo sulBoicnt'nnder tho circumstances. '' ., Hples-ln,the. Wharf.— Our attention was' on \Saturdky diredted to anumber otlioloj on the whiirf plunking, which, ifnot seen to without delay, will probably be the cause of a serious accident. , Thoy exist, between No. 8 crano and the steamers' wharf, add several of the holes aro nearly largo' enough to admit a man's body, .Thore is, bothin,tho day tirao and' .'aftcrVdark.V a 'great deal ''of 'traltfo f along the wholo extent of the wharf, and under these oir cunistances,:titl can basily bo concoivod that the danger referred. to^is\no slight ono.-,rijvro,£bb-' isetved, too; that'wlior'c No'.' 6' crane ndrWen romoved, the holo in the wharf ronmins unpro tected by railing or, guard of auy kind, to pro . vent persons from falling into the harbour. Tho danger ,-is.;ono;so .qasijy. obviated, that it is as .much matter,for surprise 'thatjtho. proper autho 'ritioshav'd nob seen'to'it,' as'as a serious accident , has' not already (pooui'rod. through their neglect. ; i ; Naval ? Brigade Gun1 practice.— On .Saturday ^afternoon last; gun* pra'btioo took phtoo in tho A. A. Company's Paddock in connection with thoNewcastlb'NavalBrig'ado. There wero three guns', crews: proBant,! under command of! Captain Allon and JLiioutenanU: Cross and Gard ner:1 Fifteon 'rounds 'of 'blank cartridge were' fired by each arew. with' remarkable precision; and, altogether, tho practico passed off most creditably. With reforence to. tho above a cor respondent suggest^ the advisability of the gun prnotico . being held in futuro ? somo distance further from the main thoroughfare of the city than '.lib A. A. Company's Paddock is. Ho says that on Saturday lastthero were several narrow escapps from accident, inconsequoncos of horses taking fright at' tlio' firing; and' cites ono oaso whoro tho driver of an omnibus had tho utmost difficulty ^..preventing, lijs horses from' bolting, the vehiolo at tho tinio. haying five br|six p'orsops seatcd:;:in ' it, 'who' ' naturally became' ?.rauoli alarmed. Our;corrbspbndont 'further point's 'but tho locality south of thb gasworks as suitablb ja every jrospopt for gun practice, and ? easily1 Ac cessible. Maitland Races and Speoial Trains. .— Wo again remind pur readers thit thu, Mait land races under the auspices of .thu, Newcastle Jockey Club, are to commence bu, the course, West Maitland; to-day (Tuesday). J The ' excel lent programme which tbe Club lmvu arihouncod, ? and the large field of horses to start for each event, have .already been publishpd in our icol umnes, and should thb weather prove tine, a very lurgu attendance 'may be anticipated.' The 'rail way authorities have liberally provided.for the convenieuoe of tho travelling public. '-In addi tion. to the ordinary trains; a ?}.'. special'.'-is'1 to leave Newcnstle this morning at lOo'clock', arid will arrive at West Maitland at twenty rninmtes past' It'; leaving' West MSitlarid'on 'the'rVtnrh trip after, the races at five-and-twmity» inin'iitea to 7, o'clock, and arriving at Newcastle. oV.'five minutes to 8 in the evening. This train will of course call at all intermudiato atntioiisi '; Aiaimi lar arrangomant will also b'n oarriad oiit on Wed nesday. It is. notjfied that. excursion tickots.at a single faro for thb dbuble journey will.bBiBsuel from all stations to W*esir'MB,itlandrbulyT'avai^ able for. return up to andiniludiug.llay 18th. r .' Miners' ? 'Demonstration1.: *-Our Vd vartising columns announco that on Saturday next specinal trains will be run between New castle and Lambton, and Newcastle1 an'd'Wallsi end, 'in connection with the Miners' Annual Pio nio. ' Trains nroto leave Newcastle at a quarter past ton o'clock in the morning, and twenty mi nutes past six iii thb evening, arriving in Walls end at ten minutes to eleven a.m., and. five? mi nutes to soven , p.m. . ; Trains, will/also, leave Wallsond at ten minutes past eleven , a.m.. 'and twenty minutes past seven p.m.,- .arriving 'at Newcastle. at twenty minutes totwolve noon.and ten minutes to eight p.m..: Tho'Lambton trains will run as follows -.—Leave ^Newoastle; atunino o olook in the morning, and seven ia' the; even ing, and arrives at Lambton at twonty-fivo minutes past ..nine a.m., and ^twenty-fivo- mU nu tea past seven p.m., jleaving Lambton fat' Ci quartor past ten afa:,' and ' a ' qnartor to'^igh't p.m., arriving.-at.Nowcastlelnt a; quarter to elo vea a.m., and ton minutes past eight p.m All the above trains will call at intormodiato Btatious For; particulars as'to' excursion tickets, '&e.;,' we refer our readers to tho advertisement. Newcastle Paving, and Public Ve HiotBs Bitfi.— The Eelw remarks tliat a rather amusing instance of how a bill may bo drawn 'and pass through nt any rato one House of the Legislature without an existing blunder being dotectcd, was afforded on Wednesday evening in the Legislative Assembly. The Nowcastlo Pav ing and Public Vehicles Hogulation Bill has, as its title imports, a twofold object. It is to per mit the inhabitants of the : town named to pavo the footpath in front of their premises, and to regulate the traffic of public vehicles plying for hire in Newcastle. .Thoro is no provision under the. Municipalities Act. for enforoing penalties in theso. matters, and 'it : would have been, of course, useless I o mako regulations without tho means. to giro them effect.. Thoro could bo no objection, to. tho bill, wLicli was passod through all its stages in the Legislative Assembly, and sent to the' Council for concurrence. ?. In' th'af; Chamber it was read twice, and upon being con sidered, in committee all- tho clausos woro as sented to. But when the schedules wure ar rivea.aca manliest blunder was discovered. Schedule ,;O was inserted apparently (as was pointed out by Mr. Bradloy) for tho nomination iberemof the stroeta to which it .was -intended that the .proposed paving regulations should ap ply.' ' 'But' no stroots were, m fiict, 'named, ' and thus the bill would be applicable to the wholo of Newcastle. Mr. Samuel, who had chargo of ;bo measure, appeared to bo in somo doubt, having been apparently taken by surprise. ? Jt was intended, ho suid.'to apply to, the whblo?bf; Newcastle; but, nevertheless; there had evi dently been an omission in tho schedule, which' would rondor.- 'further 'consideration necessary. Thoro was, therefore, a post ponement.; This, howovor, is not tbo first time thnt in a mcasuro sont from the Assembly to tho Council, a -defeat has boon found in tho wording j in somo inslancos a very serjous qpp: ; The faot is that in tho hoat and turmoil of political strifo yory littlo attention is givon to matters of detail of this character ; and it is in tins as in muny ocnor respects, a sourco for con gratulation to tho community that all our statutes have to bo .examined iu tho Legislative Council, where thejjr are sure to bo discussed, calmly and dispassionately, upon thoir merits. Our contemporary is slightly in error. The object of that portion of tho Bill referred to is not to 'permit tho inhabitants of tho- town named to pavo^ tho footpath in front of their premises, &a.;,' but to compel property owners to construct the pavements'.' Undor the Muni cipalitias Act, tho Borough Council havo alroady power to grant ' permission' for the construc tion of tho pavomonts, and would, no doubt, bo but too glad to exoroiso it to tho fullest p)»sibio extout, only tho ratepayers-. will, mot havo 'it. Honco tho nocossity; for the Bill. ^ n [, ji,,i:iM|i-i'; Victoria Theatre — Last night the groat tragedienne Miss Adelaide Bowring, made .her first t appearance before the JVowoutlo pub lic. The drama ohpsen for tho occasion was Mao beth, tho masterpiece of the great matter ; and tbo onthusiasm with which it was received re flects great credit upon the taste of the large and appreciative audienoe, who, by their continued applausp.provad that their tatte for tho olassie and legitimate- drama bas not been vitiated by the stream, of sensation plays that form the stoek-in-trade of the modern stago. The groat charaotor ' Lady Macbeth,' was sustained by tho- gifted '?'' artiste Miss Adeluido Bow ring .in a touuhingly realistic mannor. In the ' scene in which Lady Maobeth's ambition ia first fired, and tho terrible nature of the means of advancement unfolded to her, 'the acting is perfect. All tho eagerness of an unscrupulous, ambitious, and iron-willed woman with yet a touch of tho natural weak ness of her sex, is impersonated in a masterly way. And in the terrible scene wherein Lady Macbeth prompts her equally ambitious but vacillating husband to the act that shall 'raise them to the promised and eoretod throne of Scotland, the horror of tho situation is exhibited ,a- truthfully, as if tho beholders were watching tho enacting of its dread original. Nothing aan oxceed in intensity of feeling tho portraiture of that scene where tho remorse wrung murderess exclaims in agony, ' Beta's tlw amelt of the blood still/ All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this tittle hand .'' And wo aro compelled to say that from end to end of tha drama, Miss Adelaide Bowrin/j's acting is a mas terpiece of histrionio art — a v»ry 'holding op the mirror to nature 1' But to be appreciated, the gifted lady must be seen, and those who would see Shakespearian aoting, as it hns rarely if ever boon shown in this city, should nat lose the op portunity of witnessing her in her great imper sonation of Lady Macbeth. Mr. Lawlor, in his Macbeth, is a powerful and worthy seconder ol the great artiate, and exhibits all tho varying ?phases' of the charaotor of tho ' Thano of Cawdqr' with groat discrimination and eflect. Tbo scene in which.' the ghost of the murdered Banquo ap pears' at the festive board to the distompered mind of tho Usurper, is played with terrible force i and feeling;, but is fully equalled by tho -final act, when, dosertod by his retainers, bereaved of tho paitner of his guilt, and aban doned of fate, Macbeth falls fighting, truo to his' charnoter, a brave man in action, a coward when alone with his accusing thoughts. Mr. Lawlor's impersonation of this, ona of. r Shakespeare's .most,, difficult .oliarac ters, stamps him as a tragedian of great pro mise. The remaining part of tho cast wan ably filled ia every character. ?' Mr. F. Belton's Mae duff wa? excellent, and in tho socne 'where the dreadful tidings of the massacre of hiswifo and litto'ones istbrought to him, th6jacting was so perfect that' ho was called before the curtain. Mr. Walsh as the Kiag, and Mr. Jordan as .(Baqquo:wore,ndrn,irab!o|j Mr; Welsh aaJHccako, arid'! ' Miss .'.Douglas -and,,. Miss '.., Merton as'^-twcP^^t -the- 'Witohos, -pldybd'''witU groat_.judgmentv. ,.Tlie~ grand ,tiueiioM of j .the ?weird:incantation was almost'tob' vivid d1JreaH zatioii of the poet's wondrous imagination. Tho drama1 is to - bo repeated to night, when wo do-'ibtnbt a .well, fillet!;, ho use will reward^ the ?8piritedrprbprietb'r,-'.'- w/io^troata1 ' ehp INowbastlb public with such really excellent talent as is now playing, at tho 'Victoria Theatre 