MR. HOOTER'S SERMON ON TEMPERANCE, (To the Editor of the Border JFatch.) SIB,-In your issue of tlio 19th insfc. " Wan derer" gave expression to some very "vagrant thoughts" relative to my late sermon on tem perance. Will you allow me space to point out Iris inaccuracies and fallacies ? In the first place the proverb, "Physician heal thyself, " is altogether inapplicable as " Wan derer" uses it, as he very well knows if he read the newspaper report of my sermon, for he must be aware thut I refused to preach on total absti nence, not being a total abstainer. Again, " Wanderer" misquotes me; I did not say, "Christians are not called on to be total abstainers," but "as Christians we are not." Iu other words, total abstinence is simply an accident of' the Christian chaiacter, while tem perance is one of its essential attributes. I pass by " Wanderer's" statement that my effort in the cause of temperaupe was calcinated to produce a result similar to that which we might expect fiom a total abstainer's breaking the pledge, simply remarking that it is an eminent illustration of the vagrancy of thought peculiar to " Wanderer," and reminds one that eveu a declared total abstainer can be very intemperate. With regard to the text Eom. xiv. 21, St. Paul does not tench here that total abstinence is an essential attribute of the Christian cliaractcr; but- the statement of the Apostle at the 17th verse, thut "the Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy iu the Holy Ghost," proves that it-can be nothing more than an accident. I would advise "Wanderer" not to meddle with "priests and Levites" till he lists made theology and logic his special study, otherwise he must continue to make himself ridiculous. Yours, &c.;, FRANCIS HOCTEIl. Jit. GambiiT, Feb. 25tli. Further reports of the Victorian wheat crops confirm the favorable opinion previously formed. The rains at Christmas, which did harm in South Australiu, gave nourishment to the ripening grain in the west of Victoria, and maae the grain full and plump. It is now certain that in all the districts, excepting in low wet patches, the crop is good. The only deficiency is caused by the suspension of cropping in districts im poverished which the cultivators have deserted in the hope of doing better in " fresh fields and nastures new " in the "Wimmera. The sconrm>d lauds are now lying fallow. .Telegraph. 