4 OXJElQ!JS'BO©I^SIASTIiGAL ^TBANOS S0ENfi-XS AMWHRfm. A|cate HlmoTo than osu&l; interest vasieard at the Magifltratea' Oonrt, Wooojiide, on Wed-a nesd ay, Mfty^ 3, t»ef ore, Mr. :E. c-$»tle» S.M.V «ndJB|Jr. B, Perkins, J.P., Redfetioh Wilhelm KlBinschmidt, gentleman, and Johann Brnest ^feilet, of Schofiukold, farnsr, were chained oor.t le information of Wilhelm Schubert,, of ? peaii Lpbethjal^Iarmer,; 'that he did on the 2Scd &» ofjkprili-aoTe, at' IwoefeBi,; In f^he jjiramgeiicai feusneran AJUuroti there jutnated, miaOBe, dlstnrb,. and. moleat ^ one Lebrecht Friearkh Ehcegott Srause, the pastor of the said Ohurch, .*hi-n and. there, offioiatisg cw preacher at a cpaeregation of persons assembled ;for religious worship/' -Mr. Ii-?von Donna appeared for the informant, and Mr. W. H. Banfeyfor the, defendants. Dr. Hubbawas awom at interpreter. -. :? . .Mr, Von Deus&a;, in openiog the case, said that; the information was laid/uader clause 42 i-t Ait2 ofl859, which said, ' whosoever shaU wilfully, and -of -purpose malidously or con temptuously mterroptiany congregation, meet ing, i or assembly, of persona assembled for religious worship, or shall in anyrway dUturb, . or moleat, ormisnee any preacher, teacher, or person officiating at such congregation, meeting, or afesemblyi; .or. any persdn present at any such) congregation, meeting, or assembly, shall be guilty of a ^misdemeanor.' Accordiiig to his instructions the defendants, en the day named in the information, prevented the pastor* from ascending the .pulpit of his Ohurch, Zanr ^eiiberge Ohristi, at LobethaL Theyi used considerable riolenoe, and the minister had to: be rescued by some of his friends.* He deeply regretted that the necessity had arisen to bring suobia case before the Court, considering the respective positions of the parties, but he said, whatever might be the opinion of the defen dants, and those acting with them, as to their legal righto, he was confident the Court would agree with him th.tA they could not' assert them . in the manner described. If his iistructions were correct, the *videnca which: he wbuld bring forward would show very clearly that the defendants were wholly unjustified in taking the action they had, and even supposing-, that they had ground of complaint, if the evi dence was what he anticipated it would be, he should confidently aak that the defendants might be committed to take their trial at the Suprbme Oourt. He then called the informant, Wilhelm Schubert, who stated that he was a trustee of the Zum Weinberge Gbristi Church, and also a member, of the congregation meeting at the church, and Mr. Krause had been their pastor, for four years and a half. He attended the church in the afternoon of Sunday, April 23, and heard the pastor notify that he would preach that evening in the church. He went there in the evening, and when he reached the. church the service had not commenced.. The pastor opened the service by saying — 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' and reading two lines of a hymn. While these were being sung, the pastor stood by the altar in front of the pulpit. When the hymn was nearly over he endeavored to ascend the pulpit. Kleinschmidt exclaimed — ' Now, *feiffer, look out.' Pfeiffer then 'caught hold' of the minister by the arm,, and Kleim schmidt 'caught hold' of himabo, and said— ' You hav« to sit down here.' An awful row followed. It could not have been worse if it was in a public-house. His (witness's) son and a person named Knoske resoued the pastor, who then went to the altar and preached. There was a large congregation, and the dis turbance took place in their presence. By Mr. Bundey— The defendants -are two of the Trustees of the Ohurch and church property, in cosjunotioB with myBelf and Mr. Thomas. The deed produced is the declaration of trust upon which the property is held. The majority of the male members of the Church, being par takers and msmbers thereof, have power to decide upon all matters connected with Ohurch government, and the appointment and dis missal of the pastor. There is a Synod, called the Evangelical Lutheran Synod of Soath Aus tralia, to whom differences arising in Churches are referred. There have been, unhappy dif ferences between the paster and a portion of his congregation for some time past. An appeal was made by the pastor to the Synod, but I: cannot say what the decision of the Synod was. It may have been adverse to the pastor and those agreeing with him. Several notices, relating to steps that had been taken to dismiss the pastor, were here handed to the witness ; and, in reply to a question, he said he had neither seen them before nor heard them read. The documents were in German, and the translations were made by Dr. Hiibbe* The first was as follows : — ' Lobethal, 26fch December, 1875. 'To theu Reverend Pastor L. F. & Krause, LobethaL ' The congregation 'Zum Welnberge Ohristi' of this place has, on the day of this date, held a duly convened meeting of the congregation, public notice of which meeting has been given after Divine service this day and this day week ago ; the purpose thereof: was, to take into consideration your, pastor Krause's official peti tion in the congregation 'Zam Weinberge Ohristi ;' and, accordingly, the majority of the members duly qualified to vote of the congre gation ' Zum Weinberge Christi' beg- leave to inform you hereby, respectfully, of the reso lution of this meeting of the said congregation, which is as follows :— ' Whereas all attempts and pains which have been taken on the part of this congregation1, as also the pains taken by the Reverend ' Council of the Ohurch' and by the Synod, for the purpose of coming to an understanding with you touching your doctrinal points, which are foreign to the Lutheran Ohurch, and your ? persistent implacability, have been in vain and unsuccessful ; therefore, in consideration of the premises, the undersigned majority of the duly qualified members, of. the congregation 'Zum Weinberge Ohristi,' which congregation only (be it noted) has the perfect right so to do, hereby notifies to you that from this time forth your official position in the congregation of this place ceases.' This was signed by the defendants and 33 other members of the congregation. The other notices referred to meetings to ba held to con sider the differences between the pastor and his people, and also the appointment of a verger. The last document ran as follows :— ' Five three-quarter o'clock, 'April 23, 1876. ' Notice from meeting of the congregation of *Zam Weiaberge Ohrieti' to Pastor L. F. E. Krause. ' This is to inform Pastor L. F. E. Krause that f rom.and after this hour he must not any more perform any official acts in the church of i Zttnv; Weinberge Ohristi/ at LobethaL- - , *« -£y ordei of assembled congregation, . .''?;. 'J^ B^PiFEirEEKvObaifinan^' Oross-examlnation continued— I saw the de fendant Pfeiffer and pastor Krause with a paper at his.house on April 23. The pastor did not bpett-.the paper, but returned it to Pfelffsr. There was a meeting that afternoon at the pastorfs house. It was about the decision of the -Synod and Ohurch affairs, It was after the paper jrefercedito was given to the pastor that r&ooompanied; Mm to the church, fthv Woltke was in the reader's chair when, the pastor went up to the platform. I did net know that WelEke had been appointed lay reader by the congrega tion.- . ?y ..??? : ? ?? V ? ?- ' '? --' ' ' i Mr. j von Doussa objected to .this crossexami nation, and snbmitted thatno .evidence was reaelvable as to the assumed legal right of the defendants, and ^hose acting 'with them, to do as they had done, All that they had to enquire into was, was this a meeting 4-f4he congregation for religious worship ;? was the pastor there acting *s a teacher to such congre gation; and was he whilst eo acting interrupted and disturbed by the defendants ? ???'?-,. Mr. Bundey contended that the evidence was ?triotly applicable to the question before the Oonrt.; He should have presently to submit that, «Ven taking the informant's own version, the case-did not come within the meaning of the Act referred to. ^He was Instructed that, se far from fpe defendants being the aggressors, the charge should really have been laf i against the pastor. The object of his cross-examination wag to show that the pastor had been dismissed by the only piersOHS who had power to dismiss him thaijheiaab^nb^dte^iAAb^wrongbynths SynM to whom heihad appealed; ? tbA l**MHi was the'i^ty taking the law into bis^owa liands by fprcibiyentermgtnta the church when divine aerv cb Was being Held by ihe lay ^reader, Mr. Wolkke. If th» fatter bad felt hlmsblf aggrieved h^jiuiywafi to have taken the same course a%T Dr. Bbessel did, when the congregation wor ship 3mg in Mb church 'in Adelaide prohibited him from acting, viz., an action upon the eivfl aafp rf«fe-3ourfc--- ' '? -? ? -?-?'- -????' '-- - Ci oBs^aEamination cod^Biaed — Wiien the ;past -r w«nt' up tot^eiftftar I-did iiot hear 'him aay, 'Hit -Woltfie, Lwha* aw? you doiDg Sgref you tricked man?' I did not hear him sayTS- the nlefendant Klein sohmid t, 'Tou are Tinder the jan^ you' are uhd^r the ban.1' After tie past|-roha* given out ^fwb lines of fiie hymni' and j the singing Tiad commenced, ^he other party up in the gallery dbmmenoed 'singing anpttier fiyniB,' and played the wgari. Ihey sangi the hyinn through.' Ttte pastor reniaihed at tl e altar after tbe^efendaBt^prevonted him' from going .into tha jpulpit. ? :' Le brSoht Frleirich Bhregott Krause «sM%e was the pastor of Zum Weinberge Christi Ohtt ch. He was npnffiint«U-4t8H»stor about four years and a half ago by tne congregation. ,He : ememberedj-the SSfdj, ^ ^ril,_las¥.T ; He held a service on the afternoon orthat day in the shureh, 'and said, he. would do. so inihe evening at 7 o'clock. HeJ attended ~ in ttV evening. The bell was ringing when he left his housb.,,but-it -oessed bBfore -he reaohed the . churph. He was .not far ffrom the church - when the ringingTof the bellbeaaVd. The^hurfch^ -ioor was open. He did nptiZsee: any; omeopen it. All the people. h£td not cope, in when he got there. Hre ' w'ent With two touste&i; Schu bsttT&nd; 'Thomas. rWhen 'he went' Up to *hl- ^IJRtlS^'V1: ft^^a*6* JP «^Woltke, sitting in Jus pla.ee. -Tne congregation was not engaged in woribip when lie - went In; $&G-; modi - of cpmmenckig , the «erviae - wM jipt^he samti in afP congregations. ? He commenced it in all ways. H& inieition^OTa that night r-was topifeartjh f rom th« palplt,r andiwiiBnr^e sing-. ing endflii he took his bopks_ and went 'to ? the corner' x-f 'the allef. ~The steps of the pulpit were ocupied by a number of people; PttiffeF and Kleinsehmidt w«ire there,; Seeing .the number of the persons on the steps he gave up his intention to go into the pulpit; 'When he went; towards the pulpit ith'e jtwa defendants topk hold . of him. .-. PfeifEer tookTlqld of his left arm^lkd pttKd him forward, and the other defendant took £imL by the right-hand Bide^ - Bofib., defendants said, 'This way; this way.' Was defenoeless^as his haiSdfl were f uDv Two ^ers6nB time %4 Bis - assis^anpe. He had a conversation with Klein schmidt before tb^^WhBn, he (^leinachxnidt) called him a tyrant. He told Kleinsohmidt^at he wbuld put him intp^he bail, but t-hat wais;in reply to £omethlng that Kleinschmidt said to him. I He. Jojd Woljike that he. wftsihpt;ln.kis placej, *«d that he was guiltjrof a wickediiess to intruded that place. /Cold him to recollect that |he would .have to die sometime, and that then i he would rfltfEar for it, Woltke did not go away after he spoke to him. This con versa-, tion iook place after the service, commenced^ By! Mr. Bundey— I don't ^nbw whether I saw a copy of the trust deefl pre3uceeli '' The: defendants were trustees at the -time of mj» appointment, and were two. of the members of the congregation who originally appointed me. I have had differences .with some of the' mem bers of : the congregation. I appealed to the' Synod, birt the'} are only a. consulting- body, arid have ho governing power over the Church. I can t say whether the decjaion of the Synod was adverse to me, but we appeal r to :the wh«le, Lutheran Ohurch of Souih Australia, The Synod has no appellate jurisdiction from the Lutheran Churches. 'Was asked by defendant, Pfeiffer to read a. notice convening a me6tffig%oF be held on December 26^ but I declined tb.do :^o. I can't say whether I jiceived^notificatipntKat my services would he dispensed with on 2Sth Deoepaber. I did not know thai tte keys of the church^were handed to the verger by the defen dant Pfeiffer, on behalf of the congregation, after the decision of the. Synod. Pfeiffer and YanMe called at. my house: en 23 rd . April., Pfeiffer presented a paper to me, which I did net readf. 'I will swear that Pfeiff,er did tiot tell me nPt to attempt toconse into Ohurch -again, or iise words to- utaf «ffeot. ? Mr. Bundey— What was the reason that you decided npjktp receive the paper? Witness— Because.in America the law is very strict Against any siuch document? belHg^read pn.Sun3ay, and it would have. no ^ effect.'- / irfr: Bttnaey^— Then the reason you decluted: to 'receive1 it' was,'' be* causa you thought that it was not fight to write anytiii)]g, ieven aboat Ohurchmatgbgrj on: a Sunday. Witness— Yes. Me. Bundey:— But you were hav^g a meetiog ^t y6urriwn house, were you not, about OhurchmatferS? Witness — Yea. Mr. Bundey— Was if 'more wicked to write about Ohurch'tnatters on a Sunday than to hold meetings :fn jrojar 'house about th«m? Lauehter.) Witaess-^I heard rumors, that the defendants intended to .meet at the church ' half an. hour earlier 'than * usual. The usual hour of rineetlnjj' fs; 7, I' beHeve it was before 7 o'clock- when i I went *o ohu«m. Mr. Bundey — Why did .you. go earlier than usual ? Witness— t can gb when I like. J Wbltke was at the altar when I got into the church. I did not say to him ' What have you to do here, you wicked man?' Did not say 'I am in my proper place by the authority of the congregation, and will do my duty.' I did say, ' I am the. pastor of , the congregation, aad in your illness . I prayed with you.' I did not say ' I give you into the ;hinds of Satan,' or ' the Holy Ghost is truly not speaking through you; you may say as much as you like, I will give you no answer.' I. did net know that Woltke was appointed lay reader. The Court then adjourned fora short time, and the parties conferred. The counsel inti mated that an a»rang«meht had been arrived at, by which the pastor was to abandon all attempts to conttRue his pastorate In the Ohuich, and, he was to have rent free for his life, the use of the house and ?premises occupied by him, and also a piece of land^adjoiningtor a vegetable garden. The charge was withdrawn. The Presiding Magistrate expressed his plea* sure on hearing the deeteon acrrived at. He remarked that it was., a most unfortunate mis underetandin^ and, considering the' respective positions of the parties, ha thought that it was far better to come to.ai amicable arrangement ? than tlo'give rise to the scandal , that' would 'pro- ' bably enflue if the matter went further. . - The' Conrt was crowded during the time the case', was* being heard, and great interest was manifested in the proceedings. .r . 