THI. HAUNTED I-HOUSE, .on . THI-E iSTHADOW AT R IVRI-I[ AL L IBv Mhts, J. II. Itutlt;r., Au non o?. A LIB'.s .A icZ (o.,t(e (i in, " o. OIAvPERn Vrt (Coa'rNU|.:D. AND feelitng she had by tlis proposi tion struck air. Craen under the filth' rib, Miss Blake rose to depart "You will kiudly think over what I have said," observed Mr. Orauven. "I'll do that-if you will kirdly think over what I have sald," she rletorted, with thie utmtost composure ; and then, after a curt goad evening, she passed through the-dloor I held opein, noddliig to me, as though se would have re marlkd, "I'm niioro than asmtch for your imaster still, young man "' " Do you think sie really- moans what she says habout the lifty 'pounds ?l I inquired. " I do not know," ho answeored "but I .knoiv I wouid cheerfully pay that sum to anyone who could unravel the imys tory of River Hall " * "Are you in earnest, sir ?' I asled, in some surprise. " Cortainly I anri,'. he replied. " Then let me go an'd stay at River Hall,' I said. "I will undertakeo to run the ghost to earth for half the money." OaAPTriR VII. .I )MY ow1NsTrouIY. It is necessary now thut I should tell the readers something, about my own ntecedcnts. Aware of how?;ouninteresting the subL ject must prove, I shall make that something as shorfid?'p-bsible. Alrondy it;, will have. ,been clearly understood, both from my own hints, dnd fiom Mliss Blake's far from reticerit relnmarks on my position,. tbat I was a olerk at salary in Mr. Oraven's office. But this had not alwvays been the case. When I first wept to Bueking ham Street, I uas duly articled to Mlr. Craven, and my mother and sister, who were of aspiring dispositionsi lamented thit my choice of a profession' hid fallen on law lather thanPsoldiering. Thtv would have been proud of a young fellow in uniform; buttbey did not feel at all elated at the idea of being so closely connetied-lith a " musty attorney." f As for my father, he told me to make m?y own choice, 'andfound the money to enable me to do so. H?o was an easy. going soul, ihih was in the miserable position of having a suffioient ineomo to live on without exerting mind or body; and yet whose income was insuficient to enablh him to have s,,perioer hobbies, or to gratify any particular taste.- We resided in-tile country, and belonged to the middle class of comfortable, well-to do people. lii our way;, we wre some. what exolunive as to our associates-and as the lHall and Castli res;dents wore, in tlheir way, exclusive also, we lived almost out of society. Indeed, we were very intimate with only one family in our neighbourhood and I think it was the example of tle son of that house whlich first induced me to think of leading a different exist once fromi that in which my father had grown as green and mossy as a felled tree Ned Munro; thie oldest hope of a proud but reduced stock, elected to study for the medical profession. (' The life here," he remarked, vaguely indicating the distant houses occupied by our respective sires, ' may suit the old folks, but it does not suit ime. And he went out into the wiiderness of the world. After his departure I found that the life at home did not suit me either, and so I followed his lead, and went, duly artioled, to Mlr. Craven, of Buckingham Streeot, Strand. Mr. OCraven and my father were old friends, and to this hour I thank IHIeaven for giving my father such a friend. After I had been a considerable time with Mr. Craven, there came a dreadful day, when tidings arrived that miy father vwas ruiles, and my immediato presence requirad at hlome. What followed i. that which is usual enoughl in all cases, with this difference-tho loss of his for tune killed my father. Fromn what I have seen since, I believe when he took to his bod and quietly gave up liviong altogether, hlie did the best thing possible under the eircum stances. Dear, simple, kindly old maen, I cannot fancy how his feeble nature meight hlave endured thie years wlhicih followed; tilled by mother and sister with lamentations, though wve ]kCnoW no tetual want-thanks to sIr. Craven, i-l fathcr Ihad hien dahlotling ih shares and .lwhen thle natural i.nis iuience muin, utter ruin. 'aien tI ,ur pretly ooiiIitr' homn , Bir Cravenll .e.irned ile the money paid to hit,, aed o.ffcrcd sto asnilary. Thiilk f what this kindacss was, And ,' ,siicelss ; vbhile ill te:o white rela tionll. in, aloof hlolding out hand nor iurs,, till they ,e:?,- Irh.ther we could weal?he.r the stormn without their help Aoibn'gst thelse. rolntlons clanccd to lie a certain Admiral Patterson, an uncle of nmy father. Whlen we-were well to do he had not disdained to visit us "in our quiet lhome, but wisen poverty came he tied up his pourse strings and ignored our existence, till't leii~tlh, helaring hy a mere chance thint I was supipo ting my lny mother said sister by miy own eoxer itins (always helped bv Mri. Craven's goodiess), hti said, audibly, tiat the "young jacklcanpllcs miost hlnve more in hiii than lie tliuglgh," and wrote to beg taint I rwould spend my next holiday at hlis hous. I was aixiouls to lccept tlhe invitation, ali a f'i:nd told ile hlo felt certain tihe aold gentlemani would forward 'ny vioei-; but I did not choose to visit lily relativre in shabby clothi nai with empty peckets; therefofre, it fell out that i jumpellld at Miss ]3lake's suiggestion;:and closed withl Mr. Oranve's offler on the spot: Ihlf fift4-. twenity-liv - polnlnd" wvould repleuish ily warlrobe, pay my travelliiig exnlleseO, anld leave me with lmoley ilI tny pocket, as well. I told Mr. Craven all tllis in a breath \Then I had done so lie laughed, and said : a T You have worked hard, Patterson. Ilone is ten pounds. Go anil see your uncle; but lenave River ITall alone. Tien, alhiost wth tears, I entreated him not to boulk nmy phrpose. If I rid River Ilall of ;its ghost,?.I w iull take money fiom him, not othlerwise. I toldl him L hadl set iny heart on unriavol lingsthe mystery attachned to tlhat place, anid'sJcotdi d hale told hlii anotlheor ?iys teir at le samn:o timun, htid not shame tied my tongue. I was in lovo,"for tliohe first time o..in my life-hopeless!y, oensctessly, with a face of which 1 tloughlt alrday and.dreamed :mill night, that lhad mnade itself in a omoment part and parcel of my story, thus: I had been at Kentishl Town to see one of our clients, and, having finished my business, walked on as falr as Camden 'Town, intending to take an otinibus which might set me down somewhere near Chanihery lane. SWhilst standitg at the top of College Street, under shelter of my umnbrella, a drizillirig rain falling and rendering the pavement dirty and slippery, I noticed a young lady waiting to cross tile rond-a young lady witli, to my mind, the sweetest, fairest, most lovable fece on which my eyes had.ever rested. I.could, look at her without causing annoyance, because she was so corm iletchy occuplied in watching lumbering vans, fast carts, crawling cabs, and other vehicles, which chanced at the momnent to'be crowding thle thoroughfare, that she- had no leisure to boistow even' a glance on any pIedestrian. A geoverises, I decided : for her dress, though neat,'undoevon elegant, was by no means costly ?;'moreover, there was an expression of Settled melan chloly about her features, and fur ther, she carried a.roll, which looked like music, in her-hband. In less time 'than it has taken me to write this para gra.h, I lhad settled all about her to my own satisfactioni" 'm Father bankrupt. Mother delicate. Younig brotheis and sisters, probably, all crying aloud for the pittance she wase able to earn by giving lessons aeso much an hour. * She had not been long at her present oiaupation, I felt satisfied, for she was evidently unaccustomed to being out in the streets alone on a wet day. would have.offered to see her across the road, but for two reasons: one, be cause I feltrshy about proffering my ser vices; the other, because I was doubt fuil whether I might not give offence by speaking. -After the fashion of so many of her sex, she made about a dozen false starts, advancing as some friendly cabby made signs lor her to oventuro the passage, retreating as shelo caught sight of some comining vehicle still yards distant. At last, imagining thel way clear, she made a sudden rush, and had just got well off the curb, when a mail phaeton turned the corner, and in one second she was down in the middle of the road, nod I struggling with the horses and swearing at the driver, who, in his turn, i very heartily anathematized me. I do not remember all I said to the portly, well fed, swaggering cockney upstart; but there was so much in it uncomplimentary to himself and his driving, that the crowvd already as seobhled cheered, as all crowds wyill cheer profaie and personal laiguage; and he was glad enough to gather up his reins and touch his horses, and trot off, with out having first gone through tie coere mony of asking whether the girl he hiad so nearly driven over was living or died. Mleantime she had been carried into tlhe nearest shop, whither I followed her. I do not Iknow why all the people standing about imagined me to be her brother, but they certainly did so, and, under that impression, made way for me to enter the parlor behind the shop, where J found my poor beauty sitting, faint and frightened and draggled, whilst tilhe woman of the house was try ing to wipe the mud off hier dress, and endeavouring to persuade her to swa.llow some win o and water. hAs I cuntered, she lifted lher eyes to miec, and said, " Thianki you, sir. I trust you Ihave not hurt yourself," so franklily and so swcctly that the smnall amout of hIeart lher face had left me passed into her keeping at once. " Are you much hIurt," I replied by asnkling,. "My arm is, alittle." ~he an:sawered. "If I could orldy get Ihoame I Oh I wislfi I were at home." I went out and fetched a cab, nand assisted her into it. Then rIsked her were tho man should drive to, *nd she gave me thle name of the street which Mliss Bla:ke, whn in England, honoured by .making hr abode ll1iss 3lakte's number was 1!0 My charmer's nuem hur was ?.5 laviug ,sbtaied this in for mation, I celeed thI cab door, sid taking my scat besile tim driver, we rottledt ,T inthe direction of Brunswire Squaaro. Arrived at the house, 1 helped lher-= when, in answer to my k:eock, an elderly woman appeared, to n.k my business into the narrow haill of a dreary house Oh I how myv heart ached whenu I behold her surroundings! Site did noa bhid mtc good bye; but asking me into the parlor, wenlt, a? I undorstood, to get money to pay the cablman. Seizing my opportunity, I told tile Womun, whoi still st:od near the door, that I was in a lhurry, and leaving the house, Indo thile driver takeo me to the top of Clhanuceery Lane. On the niext Sunday I watched No. 15, till I behlold mlly lady-fir come foath, veiled, furred, dressed all it her dalinty beet, prayer-book in hain;!, goig tdoeuo to St. Ptanernas COhurch-siot tl?e old, but thei -new--whither, I tAllowed her. By some freak of fortune, tile verger put mn into the saena pew us that in whichll he had just placed her. - \When she salw nme her face flushed cri:eso,, and she gave a little smile of recognition. I fear I dlid not much heed the servire on that particular Sunday; but I still felt shy, so shy that, after I hald held the door open for her to pass out, I allowed others to conme between us, and did not dlare to follow and'ask how she waS. During the ooursoe of.-tho noxt.week came Misi Blake and Mr~ r..Oravi's io mark nboit the fifty pounds; and with in twenty-fodr hours somenothing still more astounding occurred-a visit from Miss Blake and her noise, who wanted " a good talki'g to"-so Mliss Blake stated. It was a dull,foggy day, and whenl my eyes restild on the younger lady, I drew baelc closer into my acustomed corner, frightened and amunzed. " You were in such a passion yestei day," began llist Blaket, coming into the offce, and dtragging her blushing neice after her, "you put it out of my head to tell yJu three things-one, that we have moved from our old lodgings; the next, that I have not a pendy to go on with; and the third, that Helena here has gone out of her mind She won't havo River Hall let again, if you please. She intends.to'. go out i as a governess-what do you think of that ? -and nothing I can say makles any impression on her I should have thought she had had enough of gover nessing the first day she went out to give a lesson: slhe got herself'ruri over and nearly killed; was brought back in a cab by some gentleman, who had the deceney to takelo tile cab away again: for how we should have paid the fare, I am sure I don't know. So I have just brought her to you to know if her mother's old friend tt inks it is a right thing for Kathleen Elmhnsdalo's daughter to put herself under the feet of a parcel of ignorant, purse proud sniobs ?" Mr. Craven looked at the girl kindly. " My dear," he said, " I think, I believe there will be no necessity for you to do anything of that kind. VWe have found a pRerson-shve we not, Patterson ?7 willing to devote himself to the River Hfall mystery. So, for the present at all events, Helena-" 7-1o paused, for Helena had risen from her seat and crossed the room to where I sat. ' Aunt, aunt," she said, " this is the gentleman who stopped theo Ihorses," and before I could spoak a word she held my hand in hers, and was thanking me once again with her beautiful eyes. Miss Blakne turned and glared upon me. ",Ohl I it was you, was it " she said, ungraoiouslyg, " Well, it is just what I might have expected, and me hoping all the time it was a lord or a baronet at the least." We all laughed-even Miss Elms dale laughed at this frank confession; bult when the ladies weore gone, Mr. Craven, looking at me pitingly, re marked: "This zs a most unfortunate business, Patterson. I hope-I do hope, you will not bhe so foolish as to fall in love with Miss Ehlmsdale." o To which I made no reply. The evil, if evil it were, was done. I halad fallen in love with Miss Blake's neicee ere those words of wisdom dropped from my employer's lips, OCaPTER VIII. TIY FIRST NIOGHT AT RIVER HALL. It was with a feeling of depression for winch I could in no way account, thant one cold evening, towards tile end of February, I left Buckingham Street and wonded my way to the Haunted House. I had been eager to engoge in tile enterprise; first, for the sake of fifty pounds reward; arid secondly, and much more, for the sake of IHelena IEms dale. I had tormented Mlr Craven until he gave a reluctant consent to my desire. Ilhad brooded over the matter until I became eager to commence my investigalions, as a young sohlier may be to face the enemy ; anid yet, when IIhe evenilg mune, andt darkness withl it; mwhen 1 set 111my' back to thls more crowded thoroughfiares, andi found nmyself plod. ding along a lonely suburblan road, with a keen wind lshling mSy faee, and a use picion of rain at intervals wetting my cheeks, I confess I hald no feeling of en joylnenlt illn 1y self imposeed tassk. T'o he continetd'. A ge tliimin ona taking a iivolnu eOl o' tibbou'sl limsu" to Iu bounmd was asked if he would hayvo is iibound in iuissia. '" Oh, noo," he raphedi; "' lussia is too lfr off I will have it asoe bare." 