THE SCIENTIFIC GENTLEMAN. He was tall, he was thin, ho was gravo, ho wob grey. How old ho was, I cannot toll you, but he certainly was not young. Not at all young. Ho w09 known by tradesmen and neighbours, and people generally, as tho sciontifio gontlo mnn. Ho was known by liis acquaintance ns rroiossor u-rogg. au was auuwu tu ojitviuiu Velours as " that old horror." Strangars know liim as the soientiflo geutloman, bacauso ho was known to have givon lpoturcs, illustrated by experiments — to havo producod what might bo dosoribed as liome-inado lightning, which etruok against shoots of glistoning metal. To havo used an oxliausted recoivor to such purposo, as to puff raisins into grapes again, and causo a harmless tabby to expire. To have exposed nil tho plionomona of table-tipping, and spiritualism genorally, by causing ghosts -to stalk about (ho atngo and mysterious banjos to play without human agonoy, and proving that it was all dono by entirely explainable moans. Mon Baid that ho had causod a plant to grow and bloeaora undor thq elcctrio bnttory in two hours' timo, and tllht ho had mado a diamond out of char coal. Man said that ho could do anything that could bo dono in a sciontifio way, nnd that he did it all for pleasure; not for profit, for lio wns immensaly rich. And so thoy Bpoko of him as tho soiontifio gontlomnn par excellence. Acquaintance— ho had no frionds — cnllod him Professor Grogg, becauso thoy had boon intro duced to him by that namo. Lavinin Volours donominatod him "that old horror," beoauso hor uiothor wanted hor to marry him. Hor motlior, Mrs. Volours, was a large lady with a small income, who hnd lookad forward to a weulthy mnrringo for bar daughter ovor sinco sho had begun to disoovor that sho had wonderfully bright oyos, nn uuuiuolly pretty noso, a mouth ovoryono must havo oon- nootod with kisses, and a dimplo in lior ohin, and two in hor cliooks, whioh oortainly woro tho spots " whore Lovo hnd thrust his finger in." , Whon Profossor Grogg, having Boon anc( ad mired Lavinin, askod hor motlior for lior, with out thinking of askiug hor ooneont first, really as though sho had boon a fino Bpooimen of somothiug whiab was for sale, Mrs. Voloura acoopted him at onoo. Tlioro woro two opinions on that quoetion, liowovor. Wflon Lavinin hoard of it elio uttored an awful siiriok. " Marry that old horror 1" sho oriod. "I'd rathor dio. Bosidos I'm ongagod to Thoodoro Squnshington." "Thoodoro Squnshington — why, ho hasn't a penny to bloss himsolf with," euid Mrs. Va lours. " But his oyes, and his hair, nnd ho lovos mo so tondorly," said Lavinin Volours. " Wo. adore eaoh othor, mamma." " Stuff and nonsonse," said Mrs. Volours. Sho forbado hor daughtor to soo young Squnshington, and eho forbnde young Squash- inton and ovory othor docont-looking young man the liouso. Finally sho onlightoncd Pro- foBSor Grogg as to tho stnto of tlin enso, and bogged him to havo pationoe. Tho profossor said ho would. "Is it this young Squnshington alono who stands in tha way ?" ho askod. " It is," replied tho motlior. Tho professor smiled a strango Bmilo, full of awful moaning. That ovoning young Squashington rocoivod a complimentary tickot inviting him to a soloct exhibition of somo sort nt tho profossor's rosidonce. A fow other strangors woro thero. Aftorward thoy romenborod that thoy had seen tho young man. No ono ovor saw him aftorward. For a wook subsequently tho professor wns shut up in his laboratory. Squashington's grandmother, who know of tho rivalry botwoon tlio two mon, whon sho discovorod that Theodore wiib missing, wont to tho professor herself, and nccuspd him of having " dono samothing to him." Tho professor nt once invited strict examination of his proinisos. Policemen camo at liis dosiro, poopod into his furnneo, looked into Lis jura, pokod undor his bod with slides oponod all tho closets,, lot bricks down chimney, and sniffed . tho air of tho collar. Tlioro was noithor living mnn nor dond body on tlio promisor, nnd Pro fossor Gregg's old aorvant proved that bo- had not loft tho liouso for savon days. Tho pro- fnRROi nvnlntnnrl flint, it wna tint. nnnnRRnrv fnr him to brontho fresh air by moans of a con stitutional daily walk, liko othor pooplo. Ho hnd a machino of his own invention in tho houso, with which lio suppliod himsolf with any dosirablo amount by pumping it down his throat — a short nnd oasy method which saved timo and trouble. Ho had boen occupied in tho manufacture of njowol. Would thoy look at it ? Thoy did look. It was . a qucor, opalosqua sort of thing, groon in some lights and red in others. "If his Satanio Majosty woro to desire a breast-pin, that would ho just, tho jowoi bo would soloct," said ono of thoso to whom it wns oxhibitod, only lio said it shorter. " Tlio rcsourcoB of soionco nro wondorful," said Profossor Grogg. Evorybady ngrood with him. But though tho publio generally camo to the decision that Thoodoro Sqtt-ishington had embezzled monoy nnd docampod witli it, and sot tho old grandmother down as crazy, tho poor soul was not convinced, but crio-1, ns sho rockod horsolf to and fro. " I know Profossor Grogg is at tho bottom of it." Howovor it was, Theodora novcr camo bank, and a fow months after Mrs. Voloura gninod hor I point nnd married hor daughtor to Professor Hrogffj who, on the duy of Ilia ongsgomont, prosonted bis brido to- bo with that jowol of his own mnnufucturo, which had boon act in a goldon ring, end whioh was certainly tho queorost looking ongagomont ring ovor worn. Poor Lavinia did not care which ring sho wore, howovor. Sho wont to tho bridal ns a martyr might to tho stake ; nnd aftor tho wodding trip, which tho profossor improved by looturing, mamma Volours wont homo to live with tlio happy pair. Sho was a largo lady, with a way of monopolizing a room which was peculiarly her own. She had a loud voico, and woro a long train and many flounces. Tho Professor's house was Bmnll, and thore were s.> many brackets and tablets with curiosities t: ; >-i them that it lookad liko a museum. Mrs. Valour's skirts demolished most of thorn in a weov. Strango bugs, with tondril-liks legs —dead ones of course — caught in her cap-laces and the fringes of hor over-skirt, and were swept away foravor. On the parlour raantol had stood a jar, in which floatod in n sort of pickle, a lovoly in fant bull- dog, which had two oxtrn legs, and ono eye in tlio middle of its forehead. One day, whilo eottling her cap at the glass, Bho knockod it into tho grate, whore it was roasted boforo any ono could find a shorol to take it out with. Undor hor auspices tho crocodile, kept in the tank in tho front hall, oscapod, and wont into tha boarding-houso noxt door, wlioro thoy wore obliged to shoot liiin, olso lie would have de voured Mrs. Briggs' littlo Charley at one mouthful. . Tho professor boro it all witli bis usual placidity. But ono day Lavinia camo down to Sunday ovoning tea and did not find ber mother . presiding ut tho tray as usual. Your mamma is probably at church," said Professor Groge. "How wo miss lior." Thoy .missed lior over afterward. No ono know anything of her. She novor returned. The profossor offered a largo roward for infor mation. But no ono hnd any information to give. Ho certainly sympathized with his wife in this troublo, for ono day lie brought to her a dull, black pin with a sphynx's head upon it. My dear," bo said, " I havo mado this as a memento, ob it woro. of your dour mamma. Wear it in hor memory." Larinia sobbod and pinnod it upon lior dross. Thoronftor sho woro but two ornnmonts — the opalosquo ongagomont ring und tho dull, black pin — but bIio wore these always. Tlio years wont by — dull, dreadful years, spont by Lavinia in tho society of apocimons of hidoous roptilos nnd doformed animals, and amidst tho fumes and gases evolved by scientific oxperimonts. Profossor Grogg lived to be a vory old mnn. But just as lio was thinking of making an elixir of lifo for bimsolf, ho was seizod with n mortal illness. Lavinia nursed liiui carefully, but tho hour enmo when ho know ho must go. Then he called her to him. " Lavinia," bo said, in faltoring accents, " you were in lovo with that young punpy,- Thoodoro SquuBhhigton — don't deny it. H ive you not wondered what ovor becomo of him ?" Lavinia bowed hor heod. " I'll toll yon," ho snid. Tbat'e him." " What ?" cried Lavinia. " Tho ring you wear," said Profossor Grogg. " I condonsod him into thut jowol whioh adorns it. I cremated him first, of eourso, and thon produced that gom from his ashes. In my opinion, he's boon quito ns ornamental and moro useful than ho was boforo, ever since. Don't faint yot. Tho breastpin— that is your mamma — my mother-in-law. The dull, black colour is owing to the fact that I had to work in hor favourito alpuca gown. I was sorry; but sho destroyed so many specimens, it was vory much bettor for all parties. Scionco is a wonderful thing." With whioh words tho old sciontifio gentle man breatliod liis Inst. Rockiiampion.— rrtntod by 0. II. Bdzacott, sola pro prietor, nt tlio Bulletin steam printing Office, Doutium-stroot, Soptombor 23, 1376, 