THE NOVELIST. DANIEL DERONDA..* Br GEOBGE ELIOT. BOOK It-MEETING STREA.MS. CHAPXEB XIV. j will not Clothe myself in wreck-wow gems sawed from cramped finger- bones of women drowned; 2" i chilly vaporous hands of lretul ghoste Clutching my necklace; trick my maiden breast With orphans' heritage. Let your dead love jlarry it* dead. Gwendolen looked lovely and vigorous as a tall, newly-opened lily the next morning; there was a reaction of young energy inher, and yesterday's eelf- distrust seemed no more than the transient shiver on the Borface of a fall stream- The roving archery match in Cardell Chase was a delightful prospect for the sport's nake: she felt herself beforehand moving about like a wood nymph under the beeches fin appreciative oompany), and the imagined scene lent a charm to further advances on the pare of Grandcourt-not an impassioned lyrical Daphnis for the wood nymph, cer tainly! hut so much the better. To- day, Gwendolen foresaw him making slow con versational approaches to a declaration, and foresaw herself awaiting and encouraging it according to the rational conclusion which jshe had expressed to her uncle. When she came down to breakfast (after -every one had left the table except Mrs. Davilow) there were letters on her plate. .One of them she read with a gathering smile, and then banded it to her mamma, who, on returning it, Bmiled also, finding new cheer fulness in the good spirits her daughter had shown ever sinoe waking, and said .. You don't feel inclined to go a thousand ,miles away 7" " Not exactly so far. " it was a Bad omission not to have written again before this. Can't you write now-be tore we set out this morning ?" " It is not so pressing. To-morrow will do. You see they leave town to-day. I must write .to Dover. They will be there till Monday." "Shall I write for you, dear-if it teases you?" Gwendolen did not speak immediately, but alter sipping her coffee anBwerei brusquely, ." Oh no, let it be; I will write to-morrow." "Then, feeling a touch of compunction, she looked up and said with playful tenderness, " Dear, old, beautiful mamma1" "Old, child, truly." " Please don't, mamma I I meant old for <dailiug. You are hardly 25 years older than I am. When you talk in that way my life shrivels up before me." " One can have a great deal of happiness in 25 years, my dear." "I mustloBe no time in beginning," said Gwendolen merrily. "The sooner I get my .palaces and coaches, the better." " And a good husband who adores you, Owen," said Mrs. Davilow, encouragingly. Gwendolen put out her lips saucily and said nothing. It was a slight drawback on her pleasure in starting that the Rector was detained by magistrate's business and would probably not be able to get to Cardell Chase at all that day. She cared little that Mrs. Gascoigne and Anna chose not to go without him, but her uncle's presence would have seemed to.make it a matter of course that the decision taken 'would be acted on. For decision in itself Y*R&n; to be formidable. Having come close to accepting Grandcourt* Gwendolen felt this lot of unhoped-for fulness rounding itself too .definitely: when we take to wishing a great deal for ourselves, whatever we get soon turns into mere limitation and exclusion. -Still there was the reassuring thought that marriage would be the gate into a larger free dom. The place of meeting was a grassy spot .called Green Arbour, where a bit of hanging wood made a sheltering amphitheatre. It was here that the coachful of servants with provisions had to prepare the picnic meal; -and a warden of the Chase was to guide the roving archers so as to keep them within the ?due distance from this centre, and_ hinder them from wandering beyond the limit which 'had been fixed on-a curve that might be .drawn through certain well- known points, -such as the Double Oak, the Whispering 'Stones, and the High Cross. The plan was, to take only a preliminary stroll before lun cheon, keeping the main roving expedition 'for the more exquisite lights of the afternoon. The muster was rapid enough to save every one from dull moments of waiting, and when the groups began to scatter themselves "through the light and shadow made here by closely neighbouring beeches and then by mrer oaks, one may suppose that a painter would have been glad to look on. This -roving archery was far prettier than the sta tionary game, but success in shooting at vari able marks was less favoured by practice, and "the hits were distributed among the volunteer archers otherwise than they would have been rin target- shooting. From this cause, perhaps, as well as from the twofold distinction of being preoccupied and wishing not to betray her preoccupation, Gwendolen did notgreatly distinguish herself in these first experiments, unless it were by the lively grace with which she took her comparative failure. She was in her white and green, as on the day of the former archery meeting, when it made an epoch for her that she was introduced _ to Grandcourt; he was continually by her side now, yet it would have been hard to tell from mere looks and manners that their relation to each other had at all changed since their iirst conversation. Still there were other grounds that made most persons conclude them to be, if not engaged already, on the .eve of being so. And she believed this her self. As they were all returning towards <3reen Arbour In divergent groups, not think ing at all of taking aim but merely chatting, words passed which seemed really the begin ning of thftt end-the beginning of her ac ceptance. Grandoourtsaid/'Doyouknowhow 4ong it is sinoe I first saw yon in this dress ?" "The archery meeting was on the25th, and this is the X3th," said Gwendolen, .laughingly. "Iam not good at calculating, but I will venture to say that it most be nearly three weeks." ^ , A little pause, and then he said, That is a great loss of time." That your knowing me has caused you t Pray don't be uncomplimentary: 1 don t like it." Pause again. " It is because of the gain, that I feel the loss." .... Here Gwendolen herself left a pause. She was thinking, " He Is really very ingenious. He never speaks stupidly." Her silence was so unusual, that it seemed the strongest of favourable answers, and he continued ,, "The gain of knowing you makes me feel the time I lose in uncertainty. Do you like uncertainty?" " - " " . < "I think I do, rather," said Gwendolen, |odd6&ly; boning on ⁢& with % plifnu .smile. There is more in it," Grandcourt met her laughing eyes with a *The right oI republishing " Daniel Deronda" has' heen purchaeed by the proprietors of " The Auatral -nB¥ "to them, which seemed like virion u the abstract, and said. Do yon mean more torment for me 7" . Kwas something ap Btrange to Owen dolen in this moment that she vu quite nsaal Belf-conBcfousneBS. SlSj&t;^SSSKSJSgs"1""" »«TdlTptuw?£ld ^v® 'oUowed up this answer, which the change in her manner £?f®«appar5.n& decisive of her favourable intention; but he was not in any way over come BO m to be unaware that they were now, within sight of everybody, descending tteslopeinto Green Axbpur, and descending it at an ill-chosen point where it began to be inconveniently steep. This was a reason for offering his hand in the literal sense to help her; she took it, and they came down in silence, much observed by chose already on the level-among others by Mrs. Arrowpoint, who happened to be standing with Mrs. . That lady had now made up her ; mind that Grandcourt s merits were not such aB would have induced Catherine to accept him, Catherine having so high a standard as to have refused Lord Slogan. Hence she looked | at the tenant of Diplow with dis passionate eyes. Mr. Grandcourt is not equal as a man to ? his uncle, Sir Hugo Mallinger-too languid, lo be sure, Mr. Grandcourt is a much younger man, but I shouldn't wonder if Sir Hugo were to outlive him, notwithstanding the difference of years. It is ill calculating on successions," concluded Mrs. Arrowpoint, ratber too loudly. " It is indeed," said Mrs. Davilow, able to fiSBent with quiet cheerfulness, for she was so well satisfied with the actual situation of affairs that her habitual melancholy in their: general unsatisfactorinesB was altogether in abeyance. I am not concerned to tell of the food that was eaten in that green refectory, or even to dwell on the glories of the forest scenery that spread themselves out beyond the level front of the hollow; being just now bound to tell a story of life at a Btage when the blissful beauty of earth and Bky entered only by narrow and oblique inlets into the con sciousness, which was busy with a nm<\ii social drama almost as little penetrated by a feeling of wider relations as if it had been a puppet-show. It will be understood that the food and champagne wete of the best-the talk and laughter too, in the sense of belonging to the best society, where no one makes an invidious display of anything in particular, and the advantages of the world are taken with that high-bred depreciation which follows from being accustomed to them. Some of the gentlemen strolled a little and indulged in a cigar, there being a sufficient interval before 4 o'clock-the time for beginning to rove again. Among these, strange to say,, was Grandcourt; but not Mr. LuBh, who seemed to be taking his pleasure quite generously to-day by making himself particularly serviceable, ordering everything for everybody, and by this activity becoming more than than ever a blot on the scene to Gwendolen, though he kept himself amiably aloof from her, and never even looked at her obviously. When there was a general moVe to prepare for starling, it appeared that the bows had all been put under the charge of Lord Brackenshaw's valet, and Mr. Lash was concerned to save ladies the trouble of fetch ing theirs from the carriage where they were propped. He did not intend to bring Gwen dolen's, but she, fearful lest he should do so, hurried to (etch it herself. The valet, seeing her approach, met her with it, and in giving it into her hand gave also a letter addressed to her. She asked no question about it, per ceived at a glance that the address was in a lady's handwriting (of the delicate kind which used to be esteemed feminine before the present uncial period), and moving away with ber bow in her hand, saw Mr. Lush coming to fetch other bows. To avoid meet ing him she turned aside and walked with her back towards the stand of carriages, I opening the letter. It contained theBe 1 words " If Miss Harleth is in doubt whether she should accept Mr. Grandcourt, let her break from her party after they have passed the Whispering Stones and return to that spot She will then hear something to decide her, but she can only hear it by keeping this letter a strict Becret from everyone. If she does not act according to this letter, she will repent, as the woman who writes it has re* Santed. The secrecy Miss Harleth will feel erself bound in honour to guard." Gwendolen felt an inward shock, but her immediate thought was, "It is come in time." It lay in her youthfulness that she was absorbed by the idea of the revelation to be made, and had not even a momentary suspicion of contrivance that could justify her in showing the letter. Her mind gathered itself up at once into the resolution that she would manage to go unobserved to the Whispering Stones ; and thrusting the letter into ber pocket she turned back to rejoin the company, with th»t sense of having something to conceal which to her nature had a bracing quality and helped her to be mistress of herself. It was a surprise to every one that Grand court was not, like the other smokers, on the spot in time to set out roving with the rest. "We shall alight on him by and bye,"said Lord BtackenBhaw; " he can't be gone far." At any rate, no man could be waited for. This apparent forgetfolness might be taken for the distraction of a lover so absorbed in thinking of the beloved object as to forget an appointment which would bring him into ber actual presence. And the gooi-natured Earl gave Gwendolen a distant jocose hint to that effect, which she took with suitable quietude. But the thought in her own mind was, "Can he, too, be starting away from a decision ?" It was not exactly a pleasant thought to her; but it was near tw truth. "Starting away," however, was not (he right expression for the languor of intentkn that came over Grandoourt, like a fit of diseased numbness, when an end seemed withji easy reach; to desist, then, when all expeitation was to the contrary, became mother gntifioa tion of mere will, sublimely independent of definite motive. At that moment he had begun a second large cigar in a vague/hazy obstinacy which, if Lush or any other mortal who might be insulted with impunity had interrupted by overtaking him with a request for his return, would have expressed itself by a slow removal of his cigar to say, in an under-tone, " You'll be kind enough to go to the devil, will you ?" But he was not interrupted, and the rovers i set off without any visible depression of , spirits, leaving behind only a few of tM ; less vigorous ladies, inoluding Mrs. Divi-; low, who preferred a qniet stroll free f»m i obligation to keep up with others. The enjoy ment of the day wassoon at its highsst pitch, the archery getting more spirited ana thei changing scenes of the forest fromrotjfed grove to open glade growing lovelier with the lengthening shadows, imdtnedeeplyfeltbut indefinable madattoiifsiBfc tho melloMr afternoon. It was JHHhl the? w playing an extemPoriWBEl»W»tt Lift It i and when a pretty OPWWWmt had been turned to Gwendolett:9|0Wfll$P having the. | port of Rosalind, she felt the more compelled to be enrpawlng In liveliness. This was not very difficult to her, for the effect of what had I happened to-day was an excitement which needed a vent, a sense of adventure rather tban alarm, and a straining towards the management of her retreat so as not to be impeded. The roving had been lasting nearly an hoar before the arrival at the Whispering Stones, two tall conical blockB that leaned towards each other like gigantic grey-mantled figures. They were soon surveyed and passed by with the remark that they would be good ghosts on a starlit night. Bat a soft sanlight was on them now, and Gwendolen felt daring. The stones were near a fine grove of beeches where the archers found plenty of marks. "How far are we from Green Arbour now ?" said Gwendolen, having got in front by the side of the warden. " Obf not more than half a mile, taking along the avenue we're going to cross np there: bat I shall take round a couple of miles, by the High Cross." She was falling back among the rest, when suddenly they seemed all to be harry ing obliquely forward under the guidance of Mr. Lush, and lingering a little where she W£U», Bhe perceived her opportunity of slipping away. Soon she was oat of sight, and without running Bhe seemed to herself to fly , along the ground and count the moments nothing till she found herself back again at the Whispering Stones. They turned their blank grey sides to her: what was there on the other aide? If there were nothing after all ? That was her only dread now-to have I to turn back again in mystification; and talking round the right-hand stone without pause, she found herself in front of someone whose large dark eyes met hers at a foot's ! distance. In Bpite of expectation she was startled and snrank back, bat in doing bo she could take in the whole figure of this i stranger and perceive that she was unmis takably a lady, and one who must once have been exceedingly handsome. She perceived, also, that a few yards from her were two children seated on the grass. " Miss Harleth ?" said the lady. "Yes." All Gwendolen's consciousness was wonder. " Have you accepted Mr. Grandcourt T "No." " I have promised to tell you something. And you will promise to keep my secret. However you may decide, you will not tell Mr. Grandcourt, or any one else, that you have seen me V' I "I promise." "My name is Lydia Glasher. Mr. Grand- ' court ought not to marry any one but me. I left my husband and child for him nina years ago. Those two children are his, and we have two others-girls-who are older. My husband is dead now, and Mr. Grand court ought to marry me. He ought to make that boy his heir." She looked towards the boy as she spoke, and Gwendolen's ejes followed hers. The handsome little fellow was puffing oat his cheeks in trying to blow a tiny trumpet which remained dumb. His hat hung backward by a Btring, and his brown curls caught the sun> rayB. He was a cherub. The two women's eyes met again, and Gwendolensaidproudly, "I will not inter fere with your wishes." She looked as if she were shivering, and her lips were pale. "You are very attractive, Miss Harleth. But when he first knew me, I, too, was young. Since then my life has broken up and em bittered. It is not fair that he should be happy and I miserable, and my boy thrust out of sight for another." These words were uttered with a biting accent, but with a determined abstinence from anything violent in tone or mimnpr. Gwendolen, watching Mrs. Glasher's face while she spoke, felt a sort of terror; it was as if Bome ghastly vision had come to her in a dream and said, "lama woman's life." "Haveyou anything more to say to me?" she asked in a low tone, but still proudly and coldly. The revulsion within her was not tending to soften her. Every one seemed hateful. " Nothing. You know what I wished you to know. Yon can inquire about me if you like. My husband waB Colonel Glasher." " Then I will go," said Gwendolen, moving away with a ceremonious inclination, which was returned with equal grace. In a few minutes Gwendolen was in the beech grove again, but her party had gone out of sight ana apparently had not sent in search of her, for all was solitude till she had reached the avenue pointed oat by the warden. She determined to take this way back to Green Arbour, which she reached quickly; rapid movements seeming to her jost now a means of suspending the thoughts which might prevent her from behaving with due calm. She had already made up her mind what Btep she would take. Mrs. Davilow was of course astonished to see Gwendolen returning alone, and was not without some uneasiness, which the pre sence of other ladies hindered her from showing. In answer to her words of sur piise Gwendolen said, "Ob, I have been rather silly. I lingered behind to look at the Whispering Stones, and the rest hurried on after something, so I lost eight of them. I thought it best to come home by the short way-the avenue that the warden had told me of. I'm not sorry after all. I had had enough walking." " Your party did not meet Mr. Grandcourt, I presume," said Mrs. Arrowpoint, not with* out intention. - "No." said Gwendolen, with a little flash of defiance and a light laugh. " And we didn't see any carvings on the trees either. Where can he be ? I Bhould think he has fallen into the pool or had an apoplectic fit." With all Gwendolen's resolve not to betray any agitation, she could not help it that her tone was unusually high and hard, and her mother felt sure that something unpropitioas had happened. Mrs. Arrowpoint thought that the self-con fident yonng lady was much piqued, and that Mr. Grandcourt was probably seeing reason to change bis mind. " ' " If you have no objection, mamma, I will; order the carriage,4' said Gwendolen. "I am tired. And every one will be going soon., Mis. Davilow assented, bat by the time the carriage was announced as ready-the horses having to be fetched from the stables on the warden's premises-the roving party re-appeared, and with them Mr. Grandcourt. " Ah, there you are 1" said Lord Bracken shaw, going np to Gwendolen, who was arranging her mamma's shawl for the drive. " We thought at first you had alighted on Grandoonrt and he had taken you home, . Lush said so. Bat after that we metGrand court. However, we didn't suppose you' could be in any danger. The warden said he had told you a near way back." " You are going V said Grandoonrt, coming up with his usual air, as if he did not con ceive that there had been any omission on Us j part. Lord Brackenshaw gave place to him, and moved away. ... ... - , " Yes, we are going, said Gwendolen, looking buBily at her scarf, which she was arranging across her shoulders Scotch fashion. " Hay I call at Offendene to-morrow V "Oh yes, if yon like," said Gwendolen, sweeping him from a distance with her eye lashes. Her voice was light and sharp as the first touch of frost Mrs. Davilow accepted his arm to lead her to the carriage, but while that was happen ing, Gwendolen, with incredible swiftness,had got in advance of them and had sprang into the carriage. " I got in, mamma, because I wished to be on this Bide," she said, apologetically. Bat she had avoided Grandcourt's touch; ne only lifted his bat and walked away-with the not unsatisfactory impression that she meant to show herself offended by his neglect. The mother and daughter drove for five minnteB in silence. Then Gwendolen said, "I intend to join the Langens at Dover, mamma. I shall pack up immediately on fetting home, and set off by the early train. shall be at Dover almost as soon as they are; we can let them know by telegraph." " Good heavens, child! what can be your reason for saying BO?" " My reason for saying it, mamma, is that I mean to do it." " But why do yon mean to do it ?" " I wish to go away." "IB it because you are offended with Mr. Grandconrt's odd behaviour in walking off to-day f " It is useless to enter into such questions. I am not going in any case to marry Mr. Giandcoort. Don't interest yourself further about him." "What can I say to your uncle, Gwen dolen ? Consider the position you place me in. You led him to believe only last night that you bad made up your mind in favour of Mr. Grandcourt." " I am very sorry to canBe you annoyance, mamma dear, but I can't help-it," Baid Gwen dolen, with still harder resistance in her tone. " Whatever you or my uncle may think or do, I shall not alter my resolve, and I shall not tell my reason. I don't care what comes of it I don't care if I never marry any one. There is nothing worth caring for. I believe all men are bad, and I hate them." " But need you Bet off in this way, Gwen dolen?" said Mrs. Davilow, miserable and helpless. "Now, mamma, don't interfere with me. If you have ever had any trouble in your life, remember it, and don't interfere with me. If I am to be miserable, let it be by my own choice." The mother was reduced to trembling silence. She began to see that the difficulty would be lessened if Gwendolen went away. And she did go. The packing was all care fully done that evening, and not long after dawn the next day Mrs. Davilow accom panied her daughter to the railway station. The sweet dews of morning, the oows and horses looking over the hedges without any particular reason, the early travellers on foot with their bundleB, seemed all very melan choly and purposeless to them both. The dingy torpor of the railway station, before the ticket could be taken, was still worse. Gwendolen had certainly hardened in the last twenty-four hours; her mother's trouble evidently counted for little in her present state of mind, which did not essentially differ from the mood that makes men take to worse conduct when their belief in persons or things is upset. Gwendolen's uncontrolled reading, though consisting chiefly in what are called pictures of life, had somehow not prepared her for thiB encounter with reality. Is that surprising ? It is to be believed that attendance at the opera bouffe in the present day would not leave men's minds entirely without shock, if the manners observed there witb Bome applause were suddenly to start up in their own families. Perspective, as its inventor remarked, is a beautiful thing. What horrore of damp huts, where human beings languish, may not become picturesque through aerial distance! What hymning of cancerous vices may we not languish over as eublimest art in the safe remoteness of a strange language and artificial phrase! Tet we keep a repugnance to rheumatism and other painful effects when presented in our personal experience. Mrs. Davilow felt Gwendolen's new phase of indifference keenly, and as she drove back alone, the brightening morning was sadder to her than before. Mr. Grandcourt called that day at Offen dene, but nobody was at home. 