TALES AND SKETCHES. Story of Richard Falconer * A TALE-FOR BOYS. (Continued.) We sent up prayers to tbe Almighty for our safety, and Went on with an idea that' we should come ofi'-with success ; but we had not gone far when we heard tho reports ofscvcralmuskets, and shouting in a barbarous manner^ behind us. Looking tliat way, we saw a mulatto riding as fast as his mule could cany him. When he came up to us he stopped, and cried in Spanish, " Make haste ! run! — the Indians are coming upon you; they have killed several Spaniards already, and are fighting with them !" Mr Musgravc, who understood Spanish veiy well interpreted what he said to us, and asked'how far they wbre off. He answered, " Justby :" aud hearing another shout, put spurs to his mule, aud left us in an instant. We found, by tlie shouting and filing, that they would be immediately upon UE ; so we retired out of the road to let them pass, aud lay down upon the ground that they might not discover us. Immediately came by about twenty Spaniards on horseback, pursued by nearly a hundred Indians. Just as they came by Us, one Spaniard dropped and wept into a bush on the other side of the road; and jprcs ntly tire Indians followed, shouting ii) a horrid maimer, and overtook the Spaniards again, who, being very swift of foot, outran an ordinary horse; and they had thrown away their firearms, to make them the lighter to 11m, as wo supposed. The Spaniards knew they would soon overtake them, so only ran to charge their pistols, and stayed till they came up ; then discharged them to put them in confusion, and then ran again to prolong the time in hopes of "some * " aid. ™ All this we understood some from the Spaniard who crept into the bush undiscovered by the Indians, lie being the foremost in tlie flight. He maug wiu iuicmuai iu uie aigui, np told us, moreover, that, about three i J* il " j1 . . - . < leagues farther, there was a fort belonging to the Spaniards, to stop the Indians, they using to make inroads before that fort was built even to the gates of the city of Havaimah. Upon this we consulted, and resolved to follow on the edge of the road, to see if we could be useful We soon came even with them ; for they were in a narrow place, and tlie Spaniards kept them at bay pretty well. By good : fortune. there was a high hedge, made by trees, all along as we went, which hindered us from being discovered. Here we resolved to fire upon them altogether, and then run farther up, and, if possible, get out into the road and T face them. Accordingly, we agreed to fire four and three, and the first four to chargc again immediately. Mr Musgravc, Mr Middleton, Mr White, and myself, agreed to fire first; then Hood, House, and Plymouth ; which, as soon as we had taken aim, we did ; and firing at their backs, killed four downright, and wounded several; for I had ordered them to put two bullets into each piece. As soon as wc had fired our muskets, we let fly one pistol each, and then the other three fired their guns. After a good deal of fighting and skirmishing, we put the savages completely to the rout. However, we took four of them prisoners, and tying * This narrative is reprinted, with Borne slitiht a tcrations, from a rare old work, now Httle known, but which was a favourite with Sir Walter Keolt in his younger days, as appears from t e following observations made by liim 011 tbe blank leaf of a copy which had IIMYI uhis^jossession :—"Thislmok I read in early youth. I am ignorant whether it is altoxevlixr fictitious, and written upon Defoe's plan, which it generally resembles, or whether it is only an exaggerated, account of tbe adventures of a real person. It is very scarce; for, endeavouring to add it to the other favorites of my infancy, I think I looked for it ten years to no purpose, and at last owed it to tbe active kindness of Mr Teny: yet Richard ralooner's Adventures seem to bave passed through several editions." their bauds behind them, fastened them to two of our foremost horses, the rest following after, that they might not got loose.. We were met on the road by twenty Spanish horse, each with a foot soldicr beliind, upon the full gallop to our-as- Bistance, having been alanned by the mulatto that rode by ; but I believe some were glad they came too late. The officers and the rest saluted us very courteously, when they heard how luckily "we cams to their assistance ; but . they fell a-whipping the poor naked Indians so barbarously, that, though they deserved it, I could not bear to see it done; and though the blood followed eyery lash, yet they never cried out. We. were well entertained:-, at a gentleman's house at dinner, with provision dressed after the English way, and all manner of sweetmeats and eool •wines. As soon as we had dined, we were obliged to get upon horseback, and away for.the jSavannah, which we reached about six o'clock in the evening. We bad rooms allotted, to us: and several Englishmen and Irishmen who lived there came to see us. I met there with a priest, whom I am sure harboured nothing of cruelty in his breast, for lie came to see us every day, and in such a friendly manner, that charmed us alL He was always sending one good thing or other," and would take us to divert us abroad. He understood Latin very •well, and some English. On the Sunday he, preached an excellent sermon iii Spanish, in order to excite charity in the auditors, and let us have what "was necessary for carrying- us to Jamaica. The next day he brought •us to the value of £50 in Spanish dollars, which were collected at the church doors for us, There was a small vessel upon the stocks, that was bought •of the owners for us, and a collection made in the town for money to pay for it. This was very agreeable news, and we were told our vessel was ready, and therefore nfight be going when we pleased. It was as neat a one as ever was built by the Spaniards, and carried between thirteen and fourteen tons. We bad all sorts of provisions sent on board for half a year or more, so that we only waited for the wind to rise it being quite a calm. While we remained there, the four unfortunate Indians were executed in the midst of the parade. When all was over, Father Antonio took us home to his lodgings, to give us a small collation for the last time, as the next day we all designed to lie on board, in expectation of the wind rising. In the morning we paid our hearty acknowledgment to all our benefactors, and went on board; where • we bad not been a quarter of an hour, before an extraordinary message came 1 for Plymouth, our black, wlio went with them without any hesitation, and returned with a present from the governor of several bottles of rack, Spanish wines, fowls, rice, and brandy, with twenty pieces of Spanish gold, as the messenger told us, in recompense for the loss of our companion; for the ovemor had sent for Plymouth to f now if he "would serve him in quality of liis trumpeter, and a pension should be settled on him for life. Plymouth thought fit to accept of it, as having no master, nor knownigwhenheshould have one; but he got leave to come on board and bid us farewell, which he did in a very affectionate manner; so we parted with Plymouth, and with hearty thanks commended ourselves; . to Father Antonio for all his favours. Plymouth had a t uuipet given him by the governor as soon as he came on shore, which he brought with him, and so sounded all the way in the boat as he went back again, to oblige us; for really he sounds extraordinarily well, and had learned on several other instruments, having a tolerable knowledge of music. The wind rising, we weighed anchor, and left port with three huzzas , and a volley of small arms (having no camion), and in two days lost sight of the island of Cuba. The weather continued favourable, BO that we airived at Jamaica without meeting anything remarkable in our passage. As soon as we had cast anchor, I ordered the boat to be made ready to cariy me on board my own ship, which I saw riding there. But when I got up the ship's side, I found my clothes selling at tlicinast at " Who bids more ? ' which is the method as soon as a person is dead or killed: the first harbour they anchor in, the clothes of the deceased are brought upon the deck and sold by auction, the money to be paid when they come to England; for it generally happens that sailors have not any till they come again. They were at the last article when I came up to the ship's-side, which was a pair of black worsted stockings, that cost, .! believe, about 4s., went off at 12s Gd,, though they had been worn. As BOOH as I was seen by them, some cried out, "A ghost la ghost!" and othei-s ran away to secure the clothes they had bought, suspecting I would have them again ; so. 1 took up the slop- book, and cast up what they were sold for, and found what cost me about £20 were sold for four times the money. When I was satisfied in that, I called every peuson, one by one, (hat had bought any of my clothes, and struck a bargain with them for ready money, and bought them for about ten pounds, but the ready money pleased them mightily. Captain Wise being sick ashore, I went to pay him a visit; he was exceedingly glad to see me, believing that I had perished. He told me that the vessel hung lights out for several hours, that 1 might know where to swim, and laid by as long as the wind would permit; as the crew acquainted him when, they came into harbour. The captain told me that he did not think he should live long, therefore was extremely glad I was come to take charge of the ship, which would 'have sailed before, if he had been in a condition to bear the sea. From thence I went on board my new bark, and settled my affairs there with my new companions, who were very sorry to think of parting from me. Hood and Rouse desired they might be received on board as sailors, and to go to England with us; for Hood was an Englishman, and Rouse had friends there. Besides, it was as easy to go from England to' Bermudas as from Jamaica. So I spoke to the captain, who Svas very well pleased to receive them, as he had lost five men by the distemper of the country. Captain Wise died in a week after my coming, and left me the executor of his wife, who lived at Bristol. (2o be concluded in our next.) 