'.. " INSOLVENCY EXAMINATION. O . '! . XE MliSES. 1. AHD G. RARIt. Thee?smitation of witnesses in the insolvent estate of Mesre. J. and G. Harris, taken under an order of the Supreme Court, was reeumed at the Brisbano relioe .Court-on Wednesday, before Mr. F. Rawlins, o0liep[Magistrate. Mr. Hely,.instructed by Mr. Meepheraon, appeared to examine the witnesses on behalf of the creditors' trustee (Mr. Charles Dunckley) ; Mr. Harding, in structed by Meire:'Lodnn and Chambers, appeared for the insolvent, George Harris; and Mr. Power, iptnrptpd9b y Mr. Wilson, for Mr. John Edwards. George Harris, enmined by Mr. Hely, continued: Wished to make a further explanation in reference to th npartnership. Held in his hand a. letter, dated Bhbeb n, Atliril 21, 1853, from his brother, and re. aQd6 'by' him (witness) at Bendigo. This letter sta~edr"I propose for your consideration, that as I o&'ath inyielf attend to" trade of any kind while I am odhUeibeM with the vessels, that if you return and join m?p ?q wholesale trade, share and share alike-in ol Wt, into a limited partnership, as far as trading isaepeerned, it willpay well. You know that I am guarded against npenulation of any kind, and ebould o't'advise this without I felt certain that it would well sunceed. I propose to give no promissory-notes in't'hd business, bat to purchase the first lot with £1100 ob £2000, which I shall be able to manage by thq time yeu would be here. Ooosiderthis. Do noth. ilg rah." I 'ofer it, not that I desire to go into trade d dTotthepurpsof startingyou. You willalso e tbdnthat if ouhould agree to it, itwill be con duated by yeo undr the firm ofJ. and G. Harris ; and alriadtterswill have to be conducted in a strictly .busi-, ness way. I have said asuncient to shbor the nature." Could not tell what was the amount of the London liabilities of the firm here in Aug'ust, 1875; in Mr. John H?rrrde's'account current, received here about March lest, they were on December 81, 1875, accord isgc tb his ehaowing, £184,000; disputed this amount to a very great eitent, sad believed that, if the whole CfMn? Jdhn.?Heari's accounts with the Brisbane firm aneobthe4ommenaement of the business were properly investigated by himself (witness) and a competent and euatal ecoantant, it wouald be reduced, probably to tbesextentof£80,000 or £80,000; had frequently by latter and nverbhlly, objected to Mr. John Harris's accounts as extessive, unusssl, aslid unbosines-like ihebrlgees I objected to his charging the Brisbane firm !ith the-Lbndon oflofe expenses, to hie retaining com mission made there by the aid of the staff paid by the Briebahe' rm, to his charging commission on goods purehbaed and' on the eels of shipments of produce, snd 4b the meaner in which he dealt with bills of lad ihneent-by. biie (witness) from time to time; John acrisdid notgive the firm ereditfor the cash advances heseseived fromstimetotime fromthe various brokersin London; in whose hands be placed these shipments for sale, and did not give the Brisbane firm credit ibtabooent for these moneys until sometimes months after-until "he received the account sales from the baokers-whereby the account of the Brisbane firm dih 'him suffered considerably in interest; also ob jedtetfor manyysear tobis mode of dealing with bank distfaremitted by me in the same way; and generally tosthe'e?essie prices charged the Brisbane firm for neerly.all the goods shipped to as, and also to his sleiipisg goods to as not ordered and frequently draw ing oanoe against such shipments, which drafts I always paid to protect his and the firm's honour; all tsseaaatters' had tended to a very considerable cx testto,?,iraesse Mr. John Harrids account or claim agaiMlathefirm for many years paet considerable shipsment,[,goods to a very large amount had been bhipppl j}p ondon much later thaen directed, in cease qp fJhich they had frequently, and in almost al'fIaee,''aried here lgA~ in aeason, and were conee quptly unsaleable for'tihetime being, and had to be hl1 Over for another season, or even longer, at a con SprAi loss of interest 'of money, bohded storage, as'pbtlfia charges; also had ocasion to complain by lelter, and verbally eleso, to the excessive rates of leilat'hbarged the Brisbane firm, oas compared with uost ther,aonsignee. by the same ressel; most of thr" 'Is es.bringing goods to the consignment of the B?lsuane, firm were partially owned by Mr. John I~ab' l cr'ding to the account current from Mr. "gHiiirr4 i Loandon, dated June '30, 1875, and re lcblv qly the firm here,'the liabilities due by the firm lhikb't? e London Arm on "that date, according to .r. JTohn .?arrip'd idea of making up accounts, eaihpbteO to £149,588'16s. 10d. could not give any ihfphitibti6ds to how much money weeas remitted fidfrio baret London in actual cash from June *"Y' thy' edate of the insolveney.; could not s'lllsier me oro less than £17,000 waso re mitied to London between, those dates; the l d ' in?solrent on June 80, 18?4, to his (wit de?e?s` edge, and there was no occasion for it to Iheiarbo e insolvent at all if only its just and true debts had been chargeable to the firm here, and for what he firm'had received consideration ; John Harris h3ld on'buifdl oaeasions mentioned to witness that he 'easidered hlis drawings large ; under the first deed of pttibip, until the last one, was permitted, like John Harris, to draw ans amo?t ha (witneass) thought proper; the lst deed of partnership, dated March 19, 1874, tastweeTJohu Harris of London, George Harris of Brisbane, ann John Walter, 5 Great Winchester street Buildinge, limited his (witness's) right to draw to £100"' month; could not say if he lhad drawn £80,000,from March, 1858; could not say whether in someyeara be had drawn at much as £10,000 out of theeoneern for his owe private use; had no books nor aeonaits before him to refer to; believed that the schedule iled 'by himself on behalf of the firm showed the true state of the affairs of the firm eo cordiag to the books, which he believed to be cor rets. the schedule filed on behalf of himself dis aloselthe true state of his affairs, as far as hl was aware a was not aware of any property lihe had not disclosed 'might mention that there might be various plortisha of iasd or allotments of land standing in his name,- although the property of the firm, and these Vrir:in cosnnection with, principally and generally, tltd.lste branch basinesses at Ipswich, Harrieville, and the Logan, being securities in the shape of lenases and homestead areas, which the farmers frequently gave to thd firiong representatives a, seesrity for their a- counts, and these stood in hs 'personal name, and were 're-transferred on payment of the ancounts ; the spim applied to the steamers Nowra and Emma; had ed'lnaat 'Onlsy; the last land he had sold there was aportion of some property mortgaged to the Bank of Nedai 'th Wales as senurity for his private overdraft, these Ibpds being sold from time to time in reduction of the overdraft; Mr. Dunckley showed witness the letCer produced, and read the last clause of it; it was a" letter 'from Phelps sad Sedgewick, London, dated Pebbuary 4, 1876, and addressed to Mr. 0. Dunekley; the last clause reed :--" We shall be glad if you will ebd'inform:Mr. George Harris, as we shall Mr. John Hidriet.' he (witness) told Mr. Dunckley he k~Wsp nothing about the matter ; Mr. Dunekley brpught the letter to witness in a very hurried manc ser, read this clause, and .left again almost imme da'gly"' told him be (witness) knew nothing alint ''lo.at .h had referred to; had previously aeted 1r.k Dunchley, and upon this ocaesion also. to provide him (witnese) with particulars and copies of his pbeitiori and all his instructions in connection with the bainess of the firm, and until he did eo he (witness) absolutely declined to enter into or agree to his right-to ask him any questions in connection with his firm's businessor hise own; was informed by letter, from Mr. John Harris only, that Mr. Duckley had been sent out here to investigate and report upon the affairs of the firm ; in this letter Mr. John Harris stated that he had enclosed a copy of 3fr. Dunckley's instructions, but the document was not enclosed in the loiter; subsequently obtained a copy from Mr. Dunekley, but there were no signatures attached to it; Mr. Dunckley declined to give particulars of his agreement with John Harris; M?r. Dunekley had frequently mentioned to him (witness), as also in his presence to Mr. Archer, of the Bank of New 8outh Wales, and to Mr. Browne, of Mesors. Little and Browne, that he held no power or authority to enable him to act in any way ; was not aware that Mr. Dunekley had ever cautioned him against dealing with lhis privato property; always declined to have any conversation with him ; some time in June laest re ceived £07 15s. from the Government, under an award of the railway arbitrator, for some land in Dalby; gave it to Mrs. Harris, as the land in ques tion was originally settled on her; there were two settlements on lIre. Harris-au ante-nuptial one in 1860, and a poet-nuptial one in 1866; the sreond wase, witness thoughlt, under thile terms and con ditions mentioned in thels first; tle first ettilement, as far as witness recollected, settled all his house bold effeoota and a sup of moeoey-l.o thlought £7000; did not remember clthaint there woas anyling eiseo thought thlereeas a slpecial covenant in thIe seltl mbont aboutproperty eeruing tlhereafter to Mfre.llrri, a·rd that a referene was sende in such a way Ilhatt anysafterwards acquired money or property uccruing to Mrs. Harris would be protected for hiersrelif, aend her father's will supported thelt; the poet-nuptial asttlement of 1866 embraced all the effeets in or about his present resideneo af N?wetead, having previously moved them from town, including iall horses, carriages, cattle, and so forth, then about the place; it also em braced all the land in various parts of the colony then in his private name, and also, he thought, a vessel called Hamlet's Ghost; supposed the effects settled were worth between £2000 and £83000; supposed the reality settled would have cost him between £4000 and £5000; should think the market value of what was remaining-the prineipal portion having been sold-would probably be under £500, or about that; should think the present value of the personal effects was not more than £1000 or £1200 ; the last sale of his own personal effects took place about November, 1874, when about £322 worth, principally of books, were sold; nothing had been sold by him in Sydney within the last air months, to his knowledge a nothing had been sold by Bradley, Newten, and Lamb, on his account, within a year or two of the insolveney; in Mey last, had 1-12th interest in the Smithfield pros pecting claim, 545 shares in the South Smithfield Gold-mining Company, 995 shares in the Aurelia Gold- mining Company, 22 2-40th interests in the Central Smithfield, 300 shares in the Celedonri Gold mining Company, and there were 791 shares in the No. 2 North California Company, Gympio, now in the bank, on account of the firm; also, had in May, 2082 shares in the Blue Mountain Tin-mining Company; all these shares and interests, with the exception of those in the California, sold to Mr. John Thorn, early in May last, together with 10,781 shares in the Mount Marlay Tin- ming Company; received £422 17s. for them; Mr. Thorn was his (witness's) brother-in-law ; never made any arrangement by which he was to receive those shares back again ; it was an absolute sale; was very glad to get rid of them and the liability attaching to them; they had boon a constant loss to him for years past; the pur chsse-money was employed in paying several of his (witness'e) pereonal debts; believed that Mr. Thorn bed received a dividend of£80 prior to the insolvency, and one of £150 afterwards, from the South Smith. field shares, but that the expenses had been within some trifling amount of the dividends received; there was no arrangement by which be (witness) was to receive a portion of the dividends; Noewtead stood in his name, but was subject to a mortgage to the Hen. James Taylor, of Toowoomba, as mentioned in his (witnese's) schedule; Harris-terrnce was con veyed to his wife on the 21st August, 1873, subject to a mortgage then existing to the late George Thorn, son., of Ipswich, for £6725, with interest at 8 per cent.; in March, 1874, the mortgage was paid off, by MIrs. Harris obtaining £10,000 from Mr. James Taylor, to whom the buildings were mortgaged, with 8 per cent. interest ; did not believe that anyof that mortgage had been paid off; it had not been as far as he was aware; Mr. Lyons, of Lyons and Chambers, had informed him within the last two or three weeks that he intended, on behalf of his firm,lto hold certain deeds, mining scrip, &c.;, mentioned in his (witness's) schedule, and left with Mr. Lyons for delivery to the trustee, against a debt due by his (witness'e) firm to Messrs. Lyons and Chambers, but he (witness) was not aware that this would be done when the documents were left with Mr. Lyons ; they were in Messrs. Lyons and Chambers' office before, but were given to him (witness) to make up his schedule. The Court adjourned at a quarter-past 4 o'clock until 10 the following morning. 