Topics. i How much o? discomfort aud worry vre owe to our fears ; and how soon they are I excited to the highest degree. In days not rery remote, when ghosts were more fuUy beliered in than at present, every reputed kaunted spot was dreaded ; and many a supposed apparition has probably only been to the benighted traveller a fancied visitant, the result of imagination wrought upon by fear. The chirping of the crLcket, the howling of a dog, were sad omens : " The liver hath thrice flowed no ebb between ; And the old folk time's doting chroniclers Say it did so, a little time before That our great grandsiiv;, Edward sick'd and died." Fortunately, our warranted fears prove sometimes as false as the groundless : for when most allowable, the prospect brightens, and our hope revives. The distant hills that gave 119 trouble, sink into insignifican e at our approach ; the nnbridged river that awoke our fears, is found t.j be easily fordable. So the Bky, cloudless from day to day, is now covered with cloud, the dry earth, is moistened T\~ith copious showers ; and with this change away flies our fear of a poor harvest, of scant water supply, and other dreaded ills. May we not hope that with the recent showers South Australia has the return of promised prosperity. MEAT three times as day, and plenty of it ! That was the old colonial practice, and the concurrent idea was that anything short of that was sheer starvation 1 Without pretending to abstruse scientific knowledge, we may venture to doubt whether it was wise in this climate to partake of stimulating diet so frequently. Be that as it may, an effectual reform is apparently impending, emanating from the batchers themselves. They are (under tha pressure of the graziers and middlemen) putting the luxury beyond reach ! Another rise of a penny per pounc] was announced in Moonta on Tuesday; and it was predicted that we may *ee it up to one shilling per lb. before Christmas ! CAN anything be done to make the poultry in this neighbourhood behave themcelrcs better ? We venture to affirm that fifty per cent, of the squabbles with neighbours arise f"om some erratic rooster and his harem misconducting themselves. If any one doubts our word, let them attend our Local Court for a day or two, and we believe he will admit that we have understated the case. Mr. Jones, hearing that her old neighbour Mrs. Brow 1 ) has airived in Moonta, gives her a cordial invitation to get Mr. Brown to build as close to them as possible. But bv and by—alas 1 for poor human nature !—Mrs. Jones gets envious of Mrs. Brown's new silk.gown; and then Mrs. Brown's fowls become annoying (from their very nature being always and everywhere a species of pirate), and Mesdames J. and B. quarrel. Then Messieurs Jones and Brown severally espouse (as in duty bound) the views of their respective spouses, and then " the fat's in the fire." The ladies' quarrel culminates in the two joyfully abusing each other, the lnaguage for the purpose beinjj the choicest Greek, pure Attic salt. Nothing is too foul or too filthy for such an occasion. Messieurs Jones and Brown, who previously did not care two straws about all the fowls in the colony, get exasperated, and declare " war to the knife." Then to the Local Court, and then—But can't these fowls be better educated ? That's the question. <' PADDLE your own canoe," has become a household phrase with us iu South Australia ; and why ? Our readers will understand that we attach a very different meaning to the phrase than that given by Tom Moore in his " Irish Melodies." There it meant love and devotion, of a somewhat craz°.d nature certainly ; but no one need be in any doubt of iti genuineness. With us it means selfishness of the superlative degree ; to be cunning at making a bargain ; to rub elbows witht he law, but just keep out of its clutches ; to get some one to pull the chesnuts out of the fire while you eat them ; to be meanly selfish, and selfishly mean—these and a hundred other things are all covered and glossed over by our colonialism, " Paddle your own c.moe." 