A Hundred Pounds. A NOVELETTE By J. BRUXTON STEPHENS. CHAPTER III, SANDIE'S MEANNESS. We left Sandie Scott surveying a postage stamp. It did not require any very great knowledge of surveying to compute its fractional acerage but Sandie's not disturbed by the question of its area. The likeness on it, representing a regal young female, apparently scared at the prospect of having to wear so bur- densome a head dress, was not a flattering one ; but neither had the subject of correct portraiture any place in his thoughts. It denoted to his *"H.»rêat deal more than was indicated by either shape size color, device, or representative value. To him it was fraught with a history such as no postage stamp ever had before. He had handled many such, and yet "never aught like this " It was the worst confirmation of his worst suspicions. It was to him a picture of desolation. It microcosm of woe. It was the last drop in the well. It was the literal stamp of poverty. It was, pawnbroking apart, his heroine's last shift. Sandie had never known poverty himself, but he had seen much of it in others, and to him "pwrtith cauld" had no ridiculous side. He would have deservedly rebuked any reader who may have smiled athis last view of the case. The same heartless reader would doubt ess have smiled again to see him in due time retire with his stamp into a corner, put the stlcky side to his lips and iminteutionally seal Ins own kiss by 0 in. ring a pressure. A passing customer »«.t even further, for he laughed outright "hen Saiul'e, startled by his sudden 'good momiu"." toned round to reply with half a lan. ¿:. each lip, and the near relative of au Sen .i between them. By the time he had ínuLured to detach the fragments, they no " o"er represented, except to lum, anything in beaven or in earth. . He »pent a weary day. He reviewed his case, aud her eve, u thousand times over.' He could no U"ei doubt her extreme need. He could no luni-e/refniui ii oin active resolution. Nothing coi-Id be clearer than that she needed help ; nothio" could be clearer than that he waa far _..re tliau willing to give it, if only he might lind some palatable form in winch to embody lu« u-litaiice without scaring the object of it. He .luudeml long and deeply, with his knuckles nre«»ed against his )-et adhesive lips. Pennies dropped in unheeded. " Good mornings changed to "good days," and "good days" decliued to "rood afternoons," unanswered. He gave thirteen pence for a shilling ; mid \vhen convicted oi the mistake, laid down a'penny more. .He for»ot his pipe. He ignored his dinner. His iual was a charnel-house of slaughtered schemes, most of them choked as soon as bom. Some, lived just long enough to laugh in his face. A fe» lid fair for life, assumed hopeful pro »ortiou-', then burst, und sank quietly into the ¡iinbo of rejected plans. Mo3t of them he .-mothered with his own weight, owing to their sheer lack of promise. The sun was going down, and still the infanticide went on. " Tho sun i'a«: down, nor ceased the carnago thore." The -un had been down nearly half an hour, and the ui'lit w.'= upon him, when Sandie suddenly became aware, as on a previous occasion, that «in/scheme would be vain, unless he first of all found her out. First catch your hare. She hid uot come back. Of that lie was certain. With the exception of those two minute < of glutinous osculation, his face had never been turned from the direction of the window during the entire day.' He had let many fucea slip past unnoted, but ho felt acntcly iwai e that her« would have fiohed him up from iny depth of reverie. ITer very Bhadow would lure brought him to the surface at once! He would give her one hour'niore'. If she had not appeared by the end of it, he would go iii <e ireh uf her. WTmt to ? do if ho did find her,' would be for after consideration. Meantime hé wa> piepared to go into every house in town, willi or without pretext, if so bo he might' only ditch a glimpse of her.-Houso I More likely mid, scrub, Government Reserve, or river-bank. HU heart quailed as he thought of the small pralnbility of success. Nevertheless, he would Í.-J through with it. As the hour glided on ho began to think that' it would be necessarj- for bim to ongage somo obliging neighbor or acquaintance to take his place at the receipt of custom until the usual hour for closing the ferry-house, supposing ho should cot have returned by that time. This led him to recur to an iden which had more than once ¡».feed tliiough his mind of late. As Scott had recovered strength, he had naturally become moie iuc'ineil to go about, and the peiico-tablo. from norning till night was beginning to be felt' nthu- too much of a sedative. , He had never been uiuili given to gadding about, but tho very thought that he couldn't get away was worse than the nut getting away itself. Novv_ if he could cnl> full m with" sômo nice honest'lad--' Whe-.i ' Did you ever see a man: knocked down with an idea 1 Did' you ever seo a man »track jil of a heap with one ? Well, even if you Lau not, the context will not Buller in the matter of elucidation, for Sandie's idea produced neither of those effects. What it did was this. Hews-- culling out over his money-board, peering into the gathering darkness in wistful search liter the obliging neighbor above alluded to, when the idea sent his neck up against Ilia half open window with a force which would hilve given a le.., stronglj- constituted man the quietus «i a rabbit. Ho pulled in his neck and his -tunned head, sat down in his chair, and gazed at uothiug with such enwrapt bewilderment as baili mu>t have felt when he found himself smitten at once with the gift of prophecy. Eut the idea that had jerked him up was no prophecy. It was simply a question ; and the lue,tioii via-, "Why LAD?" «hy indeed! Why indeed? . . . This was the ever-recurring burden of his bewilderment. were mceuen and honesty the uninfringible ''S-UJ'"^ oi tue Se""s lad! And presenil)-, ?..ill dazed, he found himself repeating aloud ono p « c'^ parish-school lessons, " Masculine, «-JW ; rVniiuine, Gammer ; Masculine, Lad ; rKainui.-, Lass;"-till a respectable elderly n'íü1f a,V^¡tmgaToininy Dodd, and catching »my dir i.t wor(j| recalled bim to himself by i1T?;'! enquiring if he knew " who he was 1 , " '"." Whereupon Saudie once more mjfM ?"' Us faculties. It u». , -plendid notion. In, fact, it was the A*1? ' "' ^ !lild Deen hunting for all day. Ana a*, i,. iuu).ea ilt ifcj it gnti,ered an¿ "_", no. on.) m size, but 'complexity, till in the K|nrr am burtle of wheels within wheels he nawiy r-i, 3n¡sed tUe s¡m"ie force that a few minute, vo had nearly broken his neck. This EírÜ, i. would not be strangled in the T ".', would give it a fair trial. He would 1 '.., *n:' ii softly, delicately; but not irreso '"".; h" would be gentle as the dove, aud \--"ii. - any serpent. Meantime he must find .li» w-L.rtr "as uo use în lny!"S uis snare, if hi '"vi " -to i)as,! tuafc way- At tJlîs point i" .itri . "lJoni' a cuckoo of the Swiss. chalet ¿/, 3"uled out from somewhere over his ,"'7> warning him that the hour was gone, > ra«i Ima cuckoo-like, out of his nest. n-irhl ,llf 5°e lons in nnuinS the obliging .A hü"t havulg covered up the lower pait artiZ -i ,with one o£ tUoäe uncomfortable liUboit N com£orters, he limped down to need ».i . was a warm evening, aud he had no vairue ifI > o£ wooUen comfort; but ho had a ¡tañarte' - . he was g°inS o'1 a secret and .omi! 3 miäalon ^hereunto disguise was in "L »°rt necessary. .i3diB«,!*ru'äi.n8 the river, had a very peaceful Boon h, rdutlful scene before him. A bi igbt ¡»eduitll r?01r- ^en ; aud Brisborough is ex toviewb, .Ialr alrose in one respect, that, «¡»hi fo^ "ns ' you must clioose a moonlight "P her h.,T^l0' B>' moonlight she can hold ivttwiw,- ^ e fairest o£ colonial towns. ¡Ùow'n K i6 more advisable for her to hold «a bo,rTrînd mop U- The tinkling of a bell =»undoi,i;\ ?eranollured in the stream, the îauiicai Z'Ti muBIC vfater-borne, and equally bia i' f.uiûter.irom a boat that shot past 'C''V ¿a,Ù lS * . dreesea aud vríli steering, tiv'e ¡Í ! berenity more serene. If he could ¿r^lre v-> r -ii m. view the parliamentary V o' .- Uium»ned windows showed-that ''t^lv' -\l-'r J_ Snacity of the colony was ¿r0i?.?°y merely asthetical reason, . - ot tins comfort, that if hi* ln"«l comfort, that if his loved unknown wore indeed houseless, she had at least no angry heaven to contend with. \- YVhen he reached the other sido he realised more clearly than ever that the world Was nil before luna. It was not thut ho had too little to come and go upon, but that lie bad far too much. In fact, coming and going seemed likely to bo the T?;"i;ining ¡uid the end of it. How should Le institute his enquiries ? YVere he to stop a policeman, and ask if he had seen a tall beautiful giri, with soft hazel eyes, who looked as if ehe paid llt.r way with postage-stamps, lie would probably pass ii;« night in the Recuptton house. Neither would it be afterwards adduced as evidence in favor of his sanity t",lt he "'id clenched his description with the foot o' his knowing nothing whatever about her. It was plain that he must prosecute his re-caichcs in silence. YY'heu a utan with money in hi» pocket doeO not know where to go, his first idea is to take a cab there. S.iudie took one. He inoutited in front of a Melbourne car, and on being asked where he wanted to go, seemed, and was, fairly taken aback ; but at length stammered out irresolutely, " Oh-up an' doon." The cabman looked hurd at him for a moment, winked to himself, whistling simultaneously, likewise to himself, and procoeded to drive " up au' doon." If Sandie's common sense Beamed to be deserting him, it uiust be urged in his favor that every man in love is for tho time being more or less of a noodle, especially more. This is not spoken to the disparagement of that singular phase of human life known as love ; for it inuot be confessed that it ia a noble noodlety, somewhat akin (not to speak it profauely) to becoming a little child as a necessary preparative to entering the happiest of all kingdoms. They continued to drive up and down, round and about, along aud across, through the whole string .of adverbs of motion, and back again ; Sandie scanning, as minutely as tho pace per uiited, every female figure that carno within his field of vision ; but without result. Ho began to was impatient, as'did the cabman himself, to whom the streets of Brisborouglt did not present the freshness of novelty. The latter, indeed, notwithstanding accumulating fare, con- tinued at intervals to press his original enquiry, each time with intensified impatience, lugging into his interrogation first the enemy of souls, then his place of abode, and finally the two together, with marked allusion to tho supposed ruddy coloring of the region specified. Getting no reply, however, from his absorbed fare, who happened in each iustauce to bo intent on some approaching figure, he maintained his own self respect by exclaiming at the end of each un- answered question,-"By Gum, he's bad; uti' no mistake." They had somewhat Blackened their paco on commencing to ascend a steep incline, when the vehicle suddenly dipped behind, anil a heavy weight plumped down on the back »eat ; followed by .another dip, aud another plump down of another heavy weight. From the heavy weights there instantaneously followed two sin ill treble shrieks of laughter, thou two oaths, and mutual cougratulations on having " dono it as right .as ninepence.' ' There was no reason assigned, anil never has been, why that sum waa selected to typify the perfection of dexterity. S.uielio's oyu being at that moment fixed on a rapidly ap- proaching female form, which it may us well bo mentioned was not tho one ho was in search of, he did not turn round to scan tho arrivals, and and when he heard the cabman's " Hullo, Ju ! Hullo, Su I" ho thought it as well to continue to look btraight before him. Let us follow his example. Wo aro not going to look round. But we cannot help hearing sometimes, and neither could Sandie, If the taies will rustle, as well as the wheat, we, the wheat, cannot shut our wheat-ears at will. Sandie had not heard much before lie bogan to think that a special Providence must hive plumped, those heavy weights behind him. '/'And have you never seen her since ?" vvero tho first words that riveted his attention, and they were BO completely iii unison with his own thoughts that he could not chooso but listen. "Never," was tho reply; "I only wish I rould. She was so kind to mo on board ship when my baby died, that I would do anything to keep her out of haim's vvny." "It looked (udjeetives omitted) uko that, (didti't it I) when ygu recommondod her to board with the old one I" "Tho old one! Tho (further omitted) wretch I Ah, I didn't think she was so bad then. But elie charged tho poor thing double for everything, and had always some now sorrowful story to squeeze a loan out of her. An' when sho had squeezed her dry, silo turned horoutl" " And then you took her in-to keep her out of harm's way !" " I did. What else could I do Î I found her walking about the streets looking for service. But it's a bad time now. Three ships within the mouth. Eveiy place filled up. So I took her homo, I wa« ill myself for a wholo month after that, and she nursed mo as if I had been "her own sister ; and nothing happened to scare her, like ; till one night Lizzy carno in. You know how Lizzie talks when she's tho worse of drink. Well, though Mary's as green as grass, I suppose she began to think things, for she got up, and put on her hat, and walked out, with a look at me that'll haunt mo all my life. It was just as if ali angol had found out all at once that bhe had been nursing a devil." "YY'alker." "Ah, you may say what you please. You don't know ker. Thora wasn't a mother in that ship that didn't worship the boards she walked on.-God knows where she has slopt- theso last four nights!" " I saw her to-night." " YY7here ?' YY'hy didn't you tell mo ?" "Because she's mad." " Mad I YVhat in the name-" " She musí he mad. I put some money in her hand, and she threw it on the ground." " Oh Su, Su ! we know why. But where was she?" "On the Milston-road. She was leaning on the fence, and looking down at the river." " Oh Su I you don't think she would, do you ?" "Would what?-Hullo! what's up now?" " I'm off." It was true ; and Sandie was off also ; only he paid the cabman first, which Ju didn't. Having no desire to follow so doubtful a guide, and being in possession of as much in- formation as she, with regard to the direction in which his search should be prosecuted, he turned up a by-street, and made his way as fast as he could toward the Milston-road, alone. His brain was surging with horrible thoughts. Even before he had overheard this conversation, the story of the poor girl's poverty had been as plain to him as if he had heard it from her own lips. But now to the wretchedness of destitution there was supera Ided the horror of nameless danger. The bundles had spoken plainly enough of the Jews, but he had now made the more terrible discovery that she had been unwittingly in the hands of the Philistines, and might be again. Worse still, the words "leaning on the fence, and looking down at the river," had roused a new dread which made him curse his own slowness, and stigmatise all his previous delicacy as the merest and most unpardonable cowardice. After a few minutes he emerged upon the Milston-road, and hurried along like one de- mented, but with the sole result of descrying over and anon one solitary figure gliding like a ghost from shadow to shadow, bent as ho guessed on the same errand as himself ; for he had never doubted from the first that the "she" so vaguely spoken of was the all-absorbing object of his own interest. Never had the world seemed to him so heartless, as from cottage and villa, music, and merry tones, and laughter fell on his ear as he passed. He was glad when he had left the abodes of men behind him. He walked on, as it seemed to him, for miles, now on the open road, and now on the extreme verge of the bank, eyeing ever with a special fasci- nation of dread, though he tried to avoid doing so, such abrupt points as seemed best adapted for-a leap. He began to think he had gone too far. He retraced his steps, ziggagging from river-edge to furthest wayside, examining every doubtful prominence, and distracted with unavailing shadows. His strength began to fail him. Since his convalescence he had not been used to the like of this, and the torture of suspense was telling on him even more than bodily exertion. When he reached the part of the road from which he had started, even his co-searcher was gone!. There was no one in sight. The music had ceased in every house, and most of the windows were darkened. He was alone, and baffled. In his weary wretchedness he threw himself down on the grassy bank where shadow lay deepest, and bemoaned his unhelpfulness It seemed to be all that was left him to do He was deeply engaged in the painful dis- covery that to the mind in a state of dire solicitude rest is the severest of all exertions, when he became aware of the sound of voices in momentarily lessening distance. As they ap- pproached, he fancied that the tones of one and indeed of both, were somewhat, familiar to him. It was in a great sigh of thanks-giving that he at length expressed his assurance that she for whom he feared was yet in the land of the living There could be no doubt about it, it vvas she , and she was slowly drawing near the very spot where he had lain down in despair. He remained perfectly still, not from any impertinent curi- osity, and not even from the conscious will to hear whit was not intended foi his eais, but bimpl) because he vv as spell bouiid The inertia of fisciuntion left no 100111 for activo will m the m itter Thei e he vv as, md it seemed to him that ho was compelled to remain still vvhcthei he would OU no It was the second time in the com se of tu? sumo evening that he bud been placed in such ciicuinstuiccs, und appaieutly by mere good luck But this time it wa« no rneic fortuity, us his present position w is the result of the m foi in ition he h id prev loimly obt lined But not the less did it seem to S indie another Bpecial Providence, und the fcehuj, that he was scut there helped to loot lum to his vantage ground For the rest, lie vv as m deep sh idovv, and not hkel) to be obscivod " I am not aft ltd of that, were tho fit st woids ho distmctl) henel and the v mee vv as tint only one, to which none others vvcic like -"I am not aft aid of tint The) will not find me where I sleep if I eau onl) get ucioss the liver " But the) vv ill, 1 tell ) ou The) 11 take you up for v lgrnnc) 1 hulk of that Poor child, jon know nothing about these things Como for one uicTit, onl) foi one night ' "Once for nil, no Godicward you foi what you mean kindlv But if j ou wish to do mo a favoi le ive me " YVill ) ou not take the nione), then ' ' " No indeed " Not ev cn i shilling ? "Not even a f u thing Don't foi co me to spe ik harshly I don t mean to, indeed I don t You aro very kind, but I c innot take it-though God knows how soi ely I need it . ' Theie wete fuithei piesstngs, nud furthei I cf tis ti" Hie litter vveie ver) persistent, )ct \er) gentle, ind accompanied with no olleiisive scorn of insulted v it tuo, no loathing of vv lint vv as nicuit in sistetl) chanty, though the chant) was ottered in the com of the dot ti "You muU leave me, sud that voice at length, "oi I must leave)on As for tho fen that brought ) ou to mo, put that iw ay altogethci I am no1 an\ious to die Besides, I have some thing to do bef oi o thuikuig of that Lcav e mo to God He will take caro of mc "But, Mai) Di)edale, jon are stuving1 " Good b) e ' "If )ou would onl) como and eat souiothing, girl The bl cid s hie id, whatever bil) s it Come tiovv, do, and the tono w as th it of ouc enti eating as if foi her omi life "Good b)e, once moie God bless )ou And this timo she toie hoi arm fiom tho others gi asp, and moved inpidly toward tho spot whcie Scott was teeliniiig, much, as may bo supposed, to the mci ease of the i cclmci s agi tution Hoi comp inion turned away in anothei duection Sandie could heil lim weeping, and even in the mote abaoihing interest of th» othei s pine distiess could find loom foi a ina)or and n sigh foi tho knidl) outcast that seemed to steal aw i) with morn mug into tho land of shadow s But out of the land of slmdovv s pool Ju has to como and darken oin stoi) once moie Seated) had he lo t sight of Inn, when she teappoucd, tunning at full speed In unothoi moment Maty Dr)sanie would hive made tho discovoiy that a thud pait) had boen pi ivy to then con vcreation, when she was caught by tho skills, mid hei would bo ft lend was clown on hot knees at her feet " Oh, Maty, Mar) I BIIO cued, lint) tug sonic thing that hung at her neck " You'll take this smiling! )ou will1 )ou willi Dont bay no, till) ou he u Sit dow n lill I tell) on And if j ou 11 only take it, deane, I'll leave j ou and novel tiouble you more Tho) sat down Suidy could havo touched them w ith his outsti etched lund, and ho became afiaid Ins vei) bicithmg would beti ay him "You remember when baby died," ellet con tinned, gulping distressfully at overy wold - "ah, )ou didn t know mo then, oi you wouldn't have been so good to me You lomoinbei the beautiful Bible you gavo mo You thought I would read it Well-I did, onco oi twice I hav eut got it now Don t tin n aw ay fi out mo when I tell j ou Some da)s ago I was very b c1, and I h id nothing to get n di op with I sold joui ptett) Biblo, Min), but when I got the slnlhrg for it, so help mo, I was afi ud to spend it A Eomething seemed to come over ino when I looked at it, and I eouldii t pat t vv ith it. Sol ni ide a hole ni it, and hung it lound ni) neck Ititiuo is God, Mai), tint's the identical shilling \oull tuko it, deane,-it's its pine as ) oin own self Its) oui own Indeed it s your own Oh, thank God '-uliou taken it ' ' Aud hcfoie Maiy could speik, bhe was gone again into the land of shadows, vvhoio she icmaiucth uuto this el i) Sandie was alone in tho still night with Ylniy < Di)sdale And now Hie old lricsolution of delicacy came ovti lum, und he felt as if it would be piofainty to move Sho wis sitting donn almost close beside linn, and now and again ho ciught a faint sound as if sho wore vvhiäpeiuig to hctsolf, oi to the mvisiblo powei ovei and mound them both Even when she lose at length, and movol low ard the tow it, he was loth to follow her Now that «he was nein lum, alive, and with at least tho means of av el ting present st.u v ation, he began to feel the unvoitliine-s of his position Theio was BOIUO thing of the le "spousing Hamlet in this mun B composition , only, ho was the Hamlet of love and not of vengeance But when tho sound of her footsteps grew fiinitei, und yet fainter, tho fear of losing her ng mi prevailed Ho vv is one of those who hav e been brought up in the belief of special Providences, and it seemed to linn that ho would be de3piBiiig thoso timely niter positions with which lie lind been favored if he allowed them to slip aw a) uunnpioved Not, therefore, without the convenient cloak of dutv, m addition to his hungering lov e, did ho rise, and, at safe distance, follow the retreating figure He lost sight of her foi a inmuto oi tw o when she turned into Queen Y'lctoua street, but again descried her standing at a belated f i mt st ill, holding some apples in her h md, and apparently chaffering with the vendor The thought of tins last, while it grated against his loniauce, only added acuteness to his sympathy, for ho had seen befoie now tint the meannesses which follow m the train of pov el ty are the sorest ev i deuces of struggle Hud he been onl) a fow steps nearer, ev en his i omance need not hav e suffered, for ho would havo heard that she was negotiating, though unsuccessfully, to bo pet mitted to pay, which idei, to the eveilusting honor of applemongeiy, an old man, almost is poor as herself, was pooh poohiug with quite a Crer-sus air 1 lorn this point eho retraced hei steps, and he saw with some pleasure that she was making direct for his ow n fen') Ho could now safely assume the same object, and hiding as much o Ins face as he could with his Job's comfortci, ho quickened his pace, and so managed that they arrived at the ferry steps together She show ed no ostonishtneht, and no trepidation at finding herself accompanied YYTheu she tui ned her face upon lum, pale in the pale moonlight, he could Bee on it that settled sadness w Inch is bo)ond surprise It was plain, too, that she did not recognise him, and he gave no sign They had not long to watt A fen) boat was ev en then approaching, bringing ov er a pat ty of revellers, some of whom, m unconscious mockery of the homelesä gul, were chorally insisting on there being no place like home, while otheis antiphontsed, also chorally,-that they meant to delay their return thithei until the morning YY hen these had reached the firm earth, Sandie helped Mary Drysdale into the boat, touching _ her hand for the first time It was her left J u hand, it was ungloved, and he saw and felt that thac wai no ring I doubt if an) ring ever gave greater pleasure by its presence than this by its absence Sandie's comforter performed ita function so effectually that his own fen- ymau, who fortu nately was half asleep, did not recognise him, and took threepence from Ina master without " the slightest notion that he was impoverishing w the firm It required nn effort of stern Belf w suppression on SCOU'B part to look on while she ob] woi em retl vet eic 1 mt the hei his the up if a wit not like sho the on pot rou the of nn abo dise toi I spo dtv sto¡ trit vvh fací ten pat nv< vv u he dot auc I pal of i Ion Wl tendered her whole fortuno to Chiron, and re., ceived it bick illegillj diminished bv ouohilf which exorbitvut subtnction w » ace mpuiied bj a sleepy lnirticulate g'oivl bavin" onie rumbling reference to one o clock in the morning Up to the, _ i e^ent date that ferr) m m ha» ne\ei beeu able to make out whj he w is summarily disch irged from Scott o employ the -very nett day Thej leached the other side w ithout humg cx"tian_ed a w ird It was plain fiom the distance which she contiived to make between them tint she vv i» not dispo-ed foi conversation lo lum, luwevei, this was but a minor mutter, His oljeçt now was to di cover where and how ..he unuigcd to pass liei nights If he could succeed m obtaining even hei open au address, if open ur it \v is, he fancied he could advance his little pi in mole satiif ictonlj His perambulations, he found weie still fu from berne, ended It cios»ed Ina mimi moie than once that she me mt to w IU on during the entire night, but even if such welo the eise, he made up his uiiud maufullj to d > so too Weaiy as ho was of the uiidi_iuficd tusk of follow mg stealthilj, mid dod_ ug ev erj uow and again to escape obseivatiou, he puisued his object with a steady and vigil mt peiaistcnco woithy of Scotland \iud W hen at length the) emerged upon Wallaloo Point, ho began to reflect with some comfort on the fact that tho veiy geognphj of the pi leo must necessnnlj ei e long bring her to i full stop Ho w is himself bro lght to n full »top befoio mmj minutes more Foi tho first time since the) had left the boat he li id taken his eyes oil hei, meiel) foi such time is stifhicd to tike out his watch uni turu the f ice of it so as to catch the full light of the moon, and when ho looked up og un, she vv cs gone A» Completel) gone is if she hail sunk into the earth, 01, like Macbeth s witches, hld vanished " îuto the air He could not even gue s in whieH duection she was most likely to li iv e turned, f it hislast_1 niipse of hei had shown hei as nearly as possible in the middle of tho road Theie were houses it short in ten ills on each side, but this t ni) made the c ibe more poiplcMiig On what po-> lble piete\t could he rouse the montes with \ae,uc enqunies? Or, on the othei hand, how c mid he nsk the possilihty of being caught line,e!iug illegillj, md it such an hour, on honest people i piemises ' M hat about s¡ eeial Piovulencc now ' And foi fnrthei discomfoit, the moon just tlieusullei ed hei self to bo obocuied by the edgo of a daik el md Ile placed lunisi If i= neail) ns possible on the spot wheie he had lest seen hei Ho then diverged it right augles, to the left, till he was stopped b) a hedge Ivelin pushing this side, he tried tho light, and i «.tm_ht line led to a path, which, skuting the end of ono of the houses facing the io id, opened out upo l a common o\ tending tow aid tho nvei Ho followed this path, triveised the common almost to the i iv ei s edjjC, and ai 11\ ed it Ins vv its end 1 hei e w is no fUjiuc m Mew Vv caned md pciplcxcd, ho did vv li it i robablj ivnj one of us w ould hnv o done un lei tho ciicumstiincis, ho sat down, and asked himself, What next ' At thit luticulu time, ni that paiticuhn paitof the stuam, tlieiehj the bittet ed shell of w hat h id once becu i coasting ste uncí, now long since gone whole all good steamcis go What had once puhvitcd with supeihuui in foi ce, and di owned with its shuck the voices of commerce oi of pleasiuo, now "knew noi voleo no1 motion other than w is supplied bj a sm ill colonj of nt», lojoicmg m the unimpeded e\ei eise of fieo soloctiou Mast, smoke stiel, bowspnt, f_.uo head, stein fi ime, m fact all piojcctmg mumbel s woio fcono, and it luj theie a mere manne tomo, with tho addition ii degra dation, which no toioo lb of a nituie to sullei, of luthlcssdiseiiibovvelment It looked v oi j wend in the moonlight, ns all ab indoned v e«sels do , moie so than anj othei species of human habitation, poihaps because to such moving tenement we have beon accustomed, while jet it has walked tho watois, nistinctiv elj to iittubuto n peiaonal identity and an individual life , so that wo como to regald au ibiudoned hulk, not uieiclj as a linn, but is a coipse And this vus a mutilated one, that li id been subjected not only to tho swooping of " decaj H cflacinc, fiugois, but to the moro activo swooping of the be3om of destiuction-winch ippaientlj had made the deck its dust pin, heaping it with sphnteis of uniecoe,nisiblo wood»oik, poitions of defaced panelling, bl oki n stanchions, nistj bolts, mid hugo distoited fragments of non girdeis Gient chasms javvued in tho deck, hko tho gaping wounds tlnough which the toi tilled life had issued Through olio of theso, which lev caled also a smillcrgap in tho fuithei side of the vessel, the eje looking obliquely fiom tho bank above could see a gleam of shining vvatoi, and tho Blummer of a leilectcd stat It was upon this that Sandie Scott vv is looking down Ile was wotk, and weuy, and dejected, and bis ide is weio m a state of an uchj It seemed is if tho two lobes of tho blain had t-pht pal tneiship, and lind each stai ted its own independent couiso of thought Olio half of the bl am was wondering what had become of Miuy Di jail ile, mid speculating on the appeal ance and disappc irance of appnutions Iheothci half was wondinng which pailieulnt still it was tint ho saw leflecled m tho streun tlnough the gap m the fuithei sido of the hulk Almost mechanically ho i used his oje» to the skj to find the explanation of the lnttoi pioblcm, and when ho hld fixed upon a eel tun »tai us the le ility he was in se ireh of, ho again looked dow n in oi dei to v oi if j Ins conception by compaiison It was \ei) singular Sandie rubbed his ojes aud looked u_ un There could be, as he himself oxpichsod it, no two w ijs about it llieie Uccted stat was gone Hie gleam of shining w itei was gone The gap on the fuithoi side of the hulk w is filled up, or did not exist at all The tv o lopes of Ins brain resmned pai tneiship, and bent then whole combined forces to tho solution of this new oinguia Tust of all, ho w uted a shoit time, to see ii any fuithei chango would tike lince, thinking that pel feet stillness on his part in_ht bo moio likely to le id to expían ition thnn a sudden i ush to the pi ice of mystci ) lint ho waited in vam, and at length chifing at his own inaction, he moved down to tho hulk As the deck vv is on a level with and ne lily close to the bmk, ho found no difficult) m cnlcung, though much in making his waj w ithout noiBu, oveiy stop nu peded bj nug bolts, fragments of hoop iron, and othei clatteiuig etceter is that might have be tra) ed the most wai y Noi was his pio_iess vvhollj without dangci, for once and again he hadtodiaw bick his foot, having felt just m time that the appâtent solidity beneath it wies a deceitful coveting of lubbish concealing a yawning chasm When ho reached tho vacant socket through which the smoke jack had pro jected, ho swung himself down into the shades below Hero he found himself almost at a standstill, amid inextiicible rum and compua tive darkness, with the additioinl discomfoit of a couple of inches of witer When his ojehad got moie ac ustomed to tho slndow, ho saw that bj swinging fiom one projection to another-for there seemed to lura to bo tods and libs of non fi imovvoik jutting out ni all dneetioii3-he could leach the souice of his cunosity, though at the imminent lisk of being impaled on some sharp rustj edge below, Bhould such a thing occur as giving may Making as littlo noise as possible, he (had proceeded m this nroheiuublo manner for some distance, when on sharply rounding what io mamed of an non partition between two oompartments of the \ cisel, he suddenly fouud himself w itlun a j ard s distance of a moonlit face The eyes weie closed in deep sleep The moon shining full on it through a small poit o\ erhead, show ed the face alone, giv ing to it a strange, vmonarj, independent appearance It was vcrj beautiful, but with ii BO awful and so unearthlj that Scott Beemg it neatly lost Ins hold. If ever hair Btood on end, which I much doubt, his did The figuie was m deep shadow, and he compiehended at onco, fiom the position, that it was some alteiation of posture, probably during sleep, that had covered the opening in the side of the hulk through which he had been gazing on the relleotion of a star Ho could understand also at a glance how from his foi mor position only that part where the under half of the figure lay had been discernible Ho could gueos, moreover, how great muBt ha\ e been the w earinesä that had merged thus rapidlj into BO deep a slumber Once more Scott was alone with Mary Drj ¡»dale She was lying upon what seemed to lum the top of a huge coal chest, her head slightly elevated, and roBting on a coarsely colored cornucopia, that probably had once been a decorative portion of bow or stern, now tossed idüwn here by a caprice of fate to pillow poverty | in .the mockery of plenty As he looked at hor, she turned uueosil), pel haps in that seemingly miguetic disturbance that sleepers aro said to experience under the fixed gaze of a spectator, and m the act of tai nmg, once moro let in i Hood of moonlight, which showed at the samo timo her little purso just oacuped from her pocket, and glided gently in the direction of the tinkn iwn di pths below At tho imminent risk of betting it the example of sudden descent, Sandte put forth his ltft h md, mid caught it ore it fell Ho then managed to settle himself moro stem ely, so tint ho oould sit, though somewhat une ltd), on i <. lopmg boam, and gi¿o his fill Nevei hail mun a bettet oppoituuity of ¡11)tug the ¡mt of tiio beiievc'eut faiiy Her 1 ursc was in lus hand, mel thero was money in las pocket But inste id of pi i) mg tho part of the benevolent fin), he yielded to a sudden diabolic ii suLjgcHion, md piocccdtd todo tho most cruell) mein thing on record smce the day when King Du id oula ed t1 at Uriah should be put m the fore ftont of the battle He opened tho pose which contained, as ho well knew, hu while foi tune, consisting of sixpence in silver which she had recen eel as chango from the fur) m m, absti ictcd fiom it the sivpcnce, mil put in its placo a small foi agu com of impossible cundle), which he tuppence! to have about lum and with which he had himself been imp) ed upon ni some i ipul fen) tiaiisiction, clobid the purse, mel steiltlnl) pi iced it ni a sifesjot neu bel held Aftci this sot ry deed, ho w is on the point of st u tmg to woik himself bick b) the vv I) he had come, when ho thought he he ml a flint whisper ft om the foi loin slcepci Bending his he id dow li as uc ir is possible t ) hei Ups, be he ud the w ords, "A hundí id pounds It seemed to lum to bo high tune to go , and having perceived to his comfoit an eu let aud more i apiti path of egiess, he found luui'-clf oio long huir)mg home with the anxiet) of a lover and the conscience of i thief [io m CON MM LI j 