N'FWS OF TIIF, DAT. - Both 1JouEe3 of Parliament1 meet this at- ternoon. In the Assembly the preliminary business is unimportant, and not likely to occupy much time in being disposed or. The brut Government business taken ypu be tho reporting of the resolutions upon the Waterworks Loan jjiu, """ Electoral Act Amendment Bill will be pro ceeded with. Mr. MaoDennott is to move that the privilege of Parliamentary repre sentation be conferred upon the Melbourne University. Inoll probability tbemeasure will pass through committee during tbe evening, so that on Wednesday it will be in the lianas of tiie Legislative Council. In tho Upper House several bills, principally of a legal and technical character, will bo dealt with. Mcolings of tho Executive Council and the Cabinet vein hold yesterday, at tho Treasury, but the business transacted, wo understand, was purely formal. Tho Californian mail steamer Australia arrived at Auckland yesterday, and the ntenmer City of Kcw York, which left Kiuidavau on tho 4th inst., may ho expected to reach Sydney in the course of to-morrow, tho day upon which slio is duo. The news brought by tho Australia, and telegraphed from Auckland, is comparatively unimportant, and has for the most part been oitber antici pated or superseded by tlmt reaching us direct from Europo through tho submarine cable. In accordance with the usual custom, a special meeting of tho City Council was held yesterday for the election of n councillor to lill tho otlico of mayor for the ensuing year. Crs. Patter- sou and Curtain were the only two candidates, and Cr. Patterson was returned by a large majority. After subscribing to the usual declaration ho thanked the council for having oonforrod upon him so great an honor, and intimated his intention to dis charge his mayoral duties to the best of his ability. The Eastern Market question cropped up at the special mooting of the City Council hold yestorday. An attempt was' made to rush the matter through by ordering ihe designs sent in by Messrs. P,eed and Barnes to be opened for inspection, although no others were sent in to oompete with them. Tho Mayor, however, ruled that it could not be done, and pointed oat the injuatico 'that Messrs. Eeed and Barnes would suffer if, after looking at their tender and plans, it was decided to- call a fresh competition. After the usual useless disonosion and free imputation of dishonorable motives which usually take place whenever the Eastern Market designs are mentioned, tiie next order of tho day was called, and the matter remains in statu quo. With reference to the ensuing municipal elections, we are informed that a number of inlluential electors of Gipps Ward have inti mated their desiro to support tho can didature of Mr. 'J'. P. Fallon, should that gentleman consent to lie nominated. Mr. Fullou has a considerable inteieat in one of the most extensive properties in Gipps -Ward, -and would therefore ha expoctod to take an interest in its affairs. A deputation from Deep Creek attended at the Education office yesterday to ask that a 3chool might be built upon a site offered by Mr. W. J. Clarke. It appeared, however, that Mr. Clarke had only a lif.o interest in the land, and that precluded the possibility of placing . a Government building upon it." Tbe depu tation tlien requested that a portion of ilio' railway reserve might be applied to school purposes, and obtained a promise that if the land was found to bo eligible the matter wouid be favorably considered. The. question as to whether a newly oleetcd mayor is obliged to take the oath of allegiance at tbe time of his election as well as subsequently, before a justice,' was mooted in tbo City Council yesterday. Several coun cillors wero of opinion that each was the case, but ' it was ultimately decided that it was quite voluntary, and that the omission would not prejudice the validity of the elec tion. The promoters of the proposed new salt water baths are at present in a very un enviable position. Although the City Council have agreed to grant tbem a lease of the laud they require, the conditions have not been mutually agreed upon; and as tho legis. lative committee of the council have not met to consider them, the matter is at a standstill. , Tho subject was brought before the City Council yesterday, when it was intimated that tho committee would meet to-day and fi Dally disposo of it. Mr. Justice Fellows heard au application in Cliamhers yesterday for tho release from prison of a man named Andrew Prior, who was convicted on tho 12th ull., at Berwick, for having an illicit still, and was sentenced to pay a line of £50, with tho alternative of six months' imprisonment, with hard labor. Tho prisoner was present on a writ of habeas, aiiil the grounds "of the application were that tho warrant of commitment was bad; iuasmnuh as' it appeared on the fsco of it that only one justice adjudicated, while there should liavo been two ; that there was no authority under the Customs and Excise Act to impose hard labor ; and that it did not appear in the warrant where tho still was situated. Mr. O'Loglileu, who ap peared for the Crown, admitted the badness of tho warrant, and the judge ordered the prisoner to be discharged. Mr, Haml. Lyons appeared for the prisoner. The ironolnd turret ship Cerberus left her moorings yesterday, and proceeded down tho Bay by way of the South Channel to Queenseliif, to, exercise her crew' at the big gun aiul small-arm practice. A meeting of tho council of the National Agricultural Society of Victoria was held yesterday ; Mr. if. M'Caw in the chair. The secretary read some correspondence between the Secretary of Lauds and liiuisolf in reference to tho grant of twenty acres of land in the Koyal Park for tho purposes of tho society. On tho2Gth September a letter was received from tbe Secretary of Lnnds, stating. that it was intended to temporarily reserve tho twenty acres alluded to, and to place the samo under the control of the society ; also that the question of pernio- nent reservation of the lands would be de- ferred until improvements were effected on the Jnnd. On. the next day an officer of the department wnited oil the secretary of tho society and asked for a return of tho letter, as it had been sent in error. The secretary replied that lie was only enstodian, and therefore could not do so. A letter was thereupon sent by the Secretary for Lauds, stating that the letter had been sent in error, as the Minister had seen reason to suspend bis intention for tbe present. It was resolved that a deputation wait upon the Minister to obtain a definite reply from him as to the reserva tion of the site. The following tenders were accepted : — For refreshment booths, George Sefton, No. 1 £21, No. 2 £155, No. 3 £2(1 ; for supply of fruit, \\\r. Thatcher, £-1 ; for supply of forage, Kouald Hobb, £5 ; for band of ten performers, £!) ; for supply of 550 feet tent covers und sheds, W. Evans, £50 17s. Gd. ' Yesterday the judge's bench and other fittings of the Insolvency Court were re moved to the warders' quarters in Swanston- street, which will be fitted up with all speed, as in future the business will be transacted there. The approximate statoment'of the revenue of South Australia for the quarter ended 30th September has been published. The total estimated revenuo for tho year ending 30th .Tune, 1S77, is £1,30S,7G4, and the amount received for the first quarter of that- iiuaueial year is £310,305 13s. 4d., against £304, 15G ISs. 4d. for the September quarter of 5S5. The receipts from Customs last quarter amounted to £122,741 IS3. Sd.', against £105,070 Ob. lid. for the correspond- ing three mouths of last year. There is an increase of over £14,000 as compared with tbe preceding quarter, the Customs returns for which were £108,307 5s. lOd. The total estimated Customs revenuo for tho cur rent year is £420,000, tho actual Customs revenue for 1S75-G having been £424,144 9s. 7d. There is an increase of about £1000 under ihe head of marine ; over £2000 in fines, fees and forfeitures ; about £1000 in railways and tramways ; and rather over £1000" in waterworks. In decreases there are £11,000 on rents, licences, &c.;, Crown lands, and over £7000 on land sales. In other items there is not much change. The steamer Claud Hamilton, which ar- rived yesterday from tho Northern Terri tory, brought J. H. Warner, second mate of the barque Wild Duck, which was wrecked on a coral reof in Torres Straits ou tho2Stii August. At the time of the disaster tho vessel was bound from Newcastle to Singapore with a carjgo of about 1000 tons of coal. Warner Btate3 that the barque left Newcastlo on Sth August. All went well until the evening of the 2Sth August, when she struck heavily on a reof about thirteen or fourteen miles from Capo Van Diemen, which bore S.S.E. half E. Boats were launched, and an order given to get tlpfi anchor out to get the ship off' tbo reef, but on sounding tho pumps it was found there' were five feet of water in the hold. Some of the hand3 were then at the pumps. About half-past one a.m. all hands got into the boats and stopped by the ship until day- li»ht, wli'en they got on board and found that tho vessel was full of water. They then made their way towards the shore, which they reached at five p.in. on tho 29th, on Melville Island. Subsequently the captain (Mr. T. Jones), the first mate (J. E. Evans) and the ascend mato (Warner) started with the crew in three boats for Port Darwin, which was reached by the two latter in five days. The boat of wlu'ch Warner had charge was, however, not eo fortunate, as they got out of the direct course, and Warner and his only compauiou, a young man named Kerr-Moncy, who behaved in a very plucky manner throughout, underwent considerable privations through want of water. Tlicy landed, however, and obtained a supply, which carried them on to Palmer- slon, where tlioy and tho rest of tho crew wcru most hospitably received. The Claud Hamilton brought tlio shipwrecked soanieu (sixteen in number) down to Newcastle, where they remained, with the exception of tho second male. The Wild Duck was a barque of 730 tons register, built at Sunder. laml iu 1S59, and was re-classed Al for seven years in 1874. She was owned by Messrs. T. Morgan and Co., of London. It in understood that an. action for libel is about to bo brought against Diehard Egan Lee, tho proprietor of the Pictorial JimUjet, 011 account of a scurrilous article headed Huxley and his Victim, which appeared in the issue of that sheet of Saturday last. The Brunswick, Coburg and Campbellfield Railway League are bestirring themselves, and do not intend allowing their project to die out for want of keeping the matter before the Government' and public. A deviation is being made from the route originally laid out, and one which evidently seems to bo more beneficial to the country at large, and more likely to bo oarricil out by the Government than the twelve ' miles of railway indicated in the statement submitted to the Commis sioner of Railways about twelve months ago. The 'original intention of tho league was that tun lino should commence at the station at Spencer. street, thence through Brunswick, Coburg and Camp bellfield, joining the North-eastern rail way at a suitable point between Camp bellfield and Craigicburn. Instead of tap ping the North-eastern line a fresh route basjieen chosen, via.,'that the line should hraucti off a't Campbellfield' arid-pass through Preston, Eppinr, IVbittlesea and other townships to t.:e Plenty districts. Tbe statement and estimated cost of construc tion and annual income prepared and laid beforo Mr. Woods, and subsequently the present Commissioner, wero favorably re ceived. With a view of urging upon the Government tbe pressing necessity there is of a railway by the route indicated, apublic meeting will be held in the Foresters Hall, North Preston, this evening. The following applications for letters patent were hoard and granted by the At- torncy.Geueral yesterday, viz.: — Frederick Mann, of Dove House, Upper Footscray, for " An improved machine to be used in the manufacture of cartridges and rockets;" aiid to Thomas Trimby, of Ballarat, for "An invention for the saving of fuel, and the prevention of stnoky chimneys." Mr. Waters appeared for Mann. On Sunday morning it was discovered that the lamps used at the Williamstown advance . semaphore, at the Footscray Station, had been removed, and no traces of them could be discovered, Mr. Hall, the station- master, immediately placed the matter in the hands of the police, who succeeded in tracing a portion of the lamp some distanco away. This wilful destruction of property, and con- sequent(Ciidnugoring of life, is now becoming very serious. The lamp is required at all hours of the night, and it is only two months since that the advance uemaphorc on the main line at the same station was entirely destroyed, and nothing heard of .the perpe trators of these dastardly deeds, who are supposed to reside in the neighborhood. At the Prahran Police Court yesterday, three boye, named respectively John O'Neill (twelve), Matthew M'Grath (thirteen), aud Peter Leroui (ten), were brought up on separate charges of breaking into the State school in Hoddle- street, South Yarra, on 29th September last, and stealing therefrom a quantity of articles, aggregating in value to about 20s. This being M'Grath's first ap pearance iii court he was suffered to go with a caution, but O'Neill and Leroni, who had previously mado acquaintance with the bench, wero dealt with as follows : — O'Neill, imprisonment for on.o hour, and thereafter twelve months in tho Reforma tory ; and Leroui to be detained in the indus trial schools till lie reaches the ago of sixteen years. At the samo court a man named Robert Smith was convicted of stealing some fowls, belonging to Mr. George Cornish, of Inkermann-streut, St. Hilda, aud sentenced to threo months' imprisonment with hard labor. Tar paving for footpaths is fast gaining in public e.timation. A few. .months, since thoio was great' opposition to a''proposal made in-tho-Prahran Town Council -to a re. quest mado by residents in Chapel-street to have the composition laid in front of their premises. Last ..night the following motion was carried, with only two dissentients : — ' ' That wherever pavement is required within the boundaries of tho town of Prahran, that known- as 'Tar Pavement' b.e adopted by this council, excepting when an owner of property is desirous of having stone ilagging, he may have the same laid down on his pay- ing tho cost thereof, less the moiety of the cost of tar pavement." Yesterday afternoon an accident occurred at Harrison's bonded store, King-street, by which, two men were injured. M'illiatn Noble, aged thirty-one years, residiug in Lind-strect, Richmond, and John Reilly, aged thirty-three years, living in Bourke. street, wore in the hydraulic lift when the chains gave way, ana coming violently to the ground 'caused the former to sustain a frac ture of the bones of his foot, and the latter was very. much bruised.' Dr. Youl held an inquest at the Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, upon tho body of Bridget O'Connor, aged fifty years, the woman who was fouud enveloped in fiaines at Ros3's Hotel, WestMelboume, on Satur day niglit. The deceased was a great drunkard, and on the night in question, after taking some spirits in the bar, went up to her bedroom. Some time afterwards a light was aeeu beneath the door of her room, which was locked. She gave no response to re-neated knoekings, and the room . was then forcibly entered, when the woman was found lying upon tho Hoor -with her clothes in flames, the lower portion of her body being fearfully charred. She Y/S3 taken to tho hospital in an unconscious condition, and, as she never regaiued her senses, nothing definite could be obtained as to tho manner in which her clothes became ignited ; but it is supposed that she set fire to them while intoxicated. The jury re turned a verdict of death from the effects or bums accidentally received. A serious acoident occurred at tho Mel bourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Station yesterday morning. A stoker named Adaui Brown, aged forty years, liviuginSandridge, slipped oil' the engine upon which he was working, and the wheel passed over his loft foot, inflicting such injuries that upon re moval to the Melbourne Hospital, it was fouud necessary to amputate it. He is now progressing favorably. Intending competitors at the forthcoming V.R.A. matches would do well to remember that they cannot practice at the Emerald-hill Butte, as they have been closed uutil after tbe competitions. ' The Pastoral Times states that Messrs. Jenkin Collier, -T. B. Watson and D. G. Jones, throe of the directors of tho Denili- quiu and Moama Railway, lust week visited Mort's freezing establishment, at Sydney, and took notes of the process, with the view of considering how far tho project can bo u.-ed for meat preserving at Deuiliquin, in order to send fiozeu meat to Melbourne and Sandhurst. The Qeelong AJrertiser understands that a case of some importance is being investi. gated by tho police which may result in a criminal charge brought in the police court. The crime which it is believed has been com mitted is of a class that has been common of late, and tho repression of which cannot be too persistently pursued. The Geelong 7 imes reports that a myste rious case of death by drowning occurred some time between Friday and Saturday last, iu the vicinity of Ripley, a township about twenty .three miles from Geelong, and situated on the Little River. A man named Richard Hawkin, a boundary rider in the employ of Mr. Frederick Armytage, of Woollamanata station, saddled a young and rather spirited horse on Friday morning, and started for Staughton's run, which i3 situated near the point of the Bris bane Ranges, between the Anakies and the You Yangs, ou tlio Bacchus Marsh- road. On Saturday morning his horse was discovered riderless, grazing quietly on the run near the river, and with the saddle and bridle still on. An alarm was at once giYen and the Little River was dragged, the result being the discovery of the missing man's body. It is conjectured that his horse, being a high-spirited little animal, may have shied at something while galloping near the river, and thus precipitated its master into tho water. The New-Enghnul Journal of Education notes the following conclusions of a teacher : — " 1 have found it to be a universal fact, without exception, that those scholars of both sexes, and of all ages, who have access to newspapers at home, when compared with those who have not, are : 1. Better readers excellent in pronunciation, and consequently read more underetandingly. 2. Thev are better spellers, and define words with ease and acc-urncy. 3. They obtain practical knowledge .,1 geography in almost half the time it requires of others, as the newspapers have made thorn acquainted with' tho loca. tion of tho important places of nations their government and doings on the globe! I. They arc better grammarians, for, li'avin- become so familiar with ovory variety. (If style in the newspapers, from tho common, place advertisement to llicfinislicdandulassi. cal Oration of tho statesman, tlluy rtioro ' readily comprehend The meaning of the text and constantly analyse its construction with accuracy. - 5. They write better cornpo. sitions, using better language, containing more thoughts, niore clearly and mora cor. roctly expressed. 0. Those yonng men who have for years been readers of newspapers are always taking the lead in debating ao. cieties, exhibiting a more extensive know, ledge upon a greater variety of subjects, and expressing tlieir views with greater tluenoy clearness and correctness." . ,Tlie German Liedcrtafel gave a social evening for ladies and gentlemen last even, ing, at Hookin's Rooms. The society -was assisted by Madame Miranda Hirst, Mr- David Miranda, Herr Siede, the ' qu'artett union, consisting of Messrs. Curtis, Mon. tngue, .Tager aud Chapman; Miss Powell and Mrs. Hunter as . pianists, and Miss Walton. Tho moat successful (number of the programme was a concerto in E major by .Briccialdi, for the flute. ' This .was played by Herr Siode in a manner which colls for unqualified praise. For richness of ' tone and perfection of mechanical execution this geutleruan is certainly with out a rival in Melbourne. Madame Hirst sang Giorza's concert valae, Per Serapre in a uiust excellent manner. Jt is written' in a very florid style, anil requires tho posses, sionof ail unusually well trained and flexible voice.te give it in perfection. Mr, ..Miranda was in capital voice, and: did full justice to the cavatina, I've Met Thee Oft, which wai written expressly for him. by Ueoigc Uar. greave, a well-known home musician. Thsss artistB also sang - the popular duct, l'„. rigi o Cara, from Verdi's Traviata, and in it created quite a furore. It ui a most deserving effort. Miss Powell, who gave a piano selection from Traviata, was successful in phasing her audien'co greatly. She has an exceedingly good touch, and is a very promising player. The classical selec. tions were numerous — Haydn's Sestptt for two violins, viola, violoncello, Hute aud piano, was admirably given, as was abb a part of Mendelssohn's quartette for strings (the andante, and presto movements). 'J'h.s was thoroughly en joyable. Keissiger's trio for pianoforte, violin and violoncello found also a place in the programme, and was well executed and- received. The selections by the sc-.iety itself wero all old favorite?, aud very welcome. They were sung with that nice idearnf effect which always distin guishes this licdy of voices. , It would be a step in the right direction if their concetti were commenced earlier, aud it the number of pieces wero reduced considerably. Tbe performance, as usual, was supplemented by a ball. A most pleasant evening was spent lest niglit at Mr. J. M. Christie's Athletic- Hull, Little Collins- street,- the occasion being a sparring contest for Mr. Christie's Challenge Cup. The attendance was large, com prising most of the patrons of muscular Christianity in Melbourne, and everything was conducted in a most orderly manner. The competitors for tho cup were Messrs. Edwards, Elliott, Cooney, .and Needbam, aud after a fine display of boxing Mr. Cooney was declared to be tbe winner of - tho cup. Iu order to retain the prize Mr. Cooney will have to fight another battlo within six months froni this date. The evening's enter tainment concluded with a series of boxing matches between several well-known amateurs in the noble art, the wind-up being between Mr. Christie and a gentleman who is known to bo a good hand with the gloves. A large amount of enthusiasm having been evoked in musical circles over the first per. formance of Sir Michael Costa's oratorio Eli, and a general wish having been expressed to hear this grand work again, n committee of gentlemen (having first ascertained that Mr. Herz is willing to conduct tho work), -have undertaken the business arrangements in connection with the next performance. In furtherance of the matter anieeting was held at Messrs. Allan and Co. 'a yesterday after noon, when, after discussing details, it was proposed to repeat the work on .Saturday, tbo 21st inst. After tho performance of Thurs, day' iaB't, the utmost' ehthusiaera prevailed among the chorus, who, in a body, expressed the hope that they might soon be called gother again for tbe same work. Messn. .1. Williams aDd E. Miller have undertakes to net as joint secretaries, and Mr. Thompson will act as before in tbe same capacity to tbe chorus. There was again last night an immense assemblage of spectators at Wilson's Grand Palace Circus, and tho scene was one of great brilliancy. The programme submitted on Saturday night wn3 repeated, and from time to time there was ovoked the heartiest applause. Perhaps the cleverest feats were those performed by the Arabian horse Pre. sident, introduced and schooled by Air. Omar Kingslcy, and the English thorough bred Silva, mounted by 'the same accom plished rider ; and amongst the most daring aud exciting of the contests were the Roman chariot race, the Roman standing race, and the hurdle race. Particularly good also were the leaps of single and double somersaults over horses, the climax being reached by the winner clearing ten horses placed side by side, iu a splendid somersault, and alighting firmly on his feet. But it is scarcely fair to aiugle out any special per formance as being better than another, seeing that each ono was' so excellent in itself. Certainly, it i3 an entertainment, eminently worthy of public patronage, and it is gratifying to note the success attending Air. Wilson's enterprise. There was a very acceptable change of programme at Dr. Silvester's entertainment in St. George's Hall last night. In addition to the mysterious cabinet a la Davenport, and the dark seance,, there was presented a grand spectacular panorama of the voyage of the Serapis, and, as the paiDtings wero un rolled, the doctor delivered a descriptive lecture, of which Air. Garnet Walch is the author. This portion of the entertainment was both instructive and plecsing. Tho irrepressible Billy Barlow, of Blue-tailed Fly notoriety, nlso delighted the audience with some of his "staves." The sensational ghost dramietta of Christmas Bells was re peated, and tho whole concluded with tlw fairv prismatic fountain. There was a full houso : and it may be predicted that the same success shall be chronicled for a long time to come if tlio programme continues to be as good as it was'last night. A grand anniversary concert, followed by a ball, was given last evening by the St. Aliehael's brnueh of the H.A.C.B.S., in aid of a benevoleut fund for the relief of the widows', ornhans and distressed members of the branch". Air. J. Daly, J.P., occupied the chair ; Air. J. M. M'Cann presided at the piano. The programme consisted chiefly of songs and recitations, which were rendered iu a very successful and pleasing manner. There was a large attendance, and altogether a very enjoyable evening wai spent. , A rehearsal for Mr. and -Mrs. Pcrratona first Town Hall concert is announced to bo hold this evening, iu tho Melbourne Town Hall. The first of these concerts is to bo given on Thursday evening, . A most successful concert was giyen las- evening at the schoolroom of the H est Mel bourne Presbyterian Church, U illiam-street. West Melbourne, in aid of the piano fund 01 the Victoria Lodge No. C, l.O.G.T, under the conductorship of Bro. Thos. Wright. The choicest morceau of tho evening wa« the violin solo, Home, Sweet Home, >y Parry, and the duet from Norma by Miss and Air. Parry. After an enthusiastic encore Miss Parry played tho' Last Rose in Summer, which was warmly aPPlaUl by the audience. The chair was taken Bro Rcttie, G.W.G., who addressed tbs . audience ably on tho cause of temperance. Enoch Arden' was repeated at thoTheafre . Royal last evening, and was received . - undiminished applause. Mr. larity in this impersonation is a gratify g triumph of the legitimate drama. P will bo given again this evening. ' A deputation from Preston 7" waited on tho Minister of « purpose of - tequestmg that acourtof ped) sessions should be established in the locaktj- Dr. Aladden promised to comply witli ha application if tho necessary accommodation WMecsPsrsBaker and Farrou repeated their performance of Conrad and Lizette at Opera House last evening. Tho number of visitors to the Natjoeanfcjeun of natural history and geology for tbo ending 7th October wus 144.'. National Retora lESm «!1# ' 6 th0enAThaDS emeg,0totcSeVo'!sn4 deallrwUb tbe report 01 the executive" committee. 