BIOGRAPHY. VON FALlvKN STEIN. was in the year before tho French-Prussian war that I became acquainted with Baron Fritz von l'alkenstein. I met him at Heidelberg, where I was enjoying a pleasant holiday, while 1 flattered my self-esteem by telling it that I could find no better place for the practice of making studies from nature, upon which, as an art student, I was at that time intent. But study was in my ca.se almost much j a cloak to giro enjoyment a reputable nopearance as it I wasm tnat or 1- alliens tern. iie naa toiiowea tne example \- J. many young Germans in entering the University of Heidelberg, to pi ay al study before he studied in earnest at Berlin. When he hid eiu-u:rh of Inx-r atid choruses al drinking partis, and ofslitcing his felluw-Ktu-i.-nts' lips and noses with the si-hlagcr at the liirsch-Glasses, he pro posed to go on to the capital nnd there acquire some more use ful knowledge. This cutting of noses and lips is at Heidel berg as important a featuie as are crjckct and boating at. Oxford and Cambridge : and if the theories of ' Man and Wife' are to be trusted, as the wounds inflicted in the echlager duelling are seldom severe, the practice is less d-5structive to life than the seemingly moro peaceable con testa of English universities. In the students' duels, corps is pitted against corps with the student's sword, juFt as college is against college in England with the bat or oar. But the game, if game it may bu called, is both Iwrbnrous and puerile; and in this estimate of it Baron Fritz always agreed with me, although his position c impelled him ro tike part iu it. Sometime*, indeed, he would defend it tome from the mere love of argunK-nt and excitement, as he would otbsr things with which he hadreally but little sympathy. He whs a creature fsill of whims and mo -ls. but lie managed to giv? an attraction to all his fancies by tho enthusiasm with ?whiih he clothed them. When he had once taken hold of an extravagant idea it seemed to revejge itself by taking a oompletc lijld of him: and often the pascion of the mo ment which carried him away in a discussion ended by carryinir his hearers away with him. There were irmny t*uoh discussions between him and me, but one among them I hid special reason to remember. Wc had been wandering among the gardens of the castle ?nc night, treading now in the full flood of the moonlight, now in paths so darkened with surrounding foliage that the glowworms' fires seemed to mark «ur way. Then we came out upon the tcrracc, and, leaning over the wall, stood silent, looking down upon the expanse beneath, where the town seemed to sleep in the stillness after the noisy day, and the river to be waadering shyly into some unknown darkness far away. Then we turned and watched the ?weird effect of the soft light and the deep shadows among tiie trees close at hand, until, as we passed a spot where spreading boughs cast a broad shade, to which the leaves rustling gently in the evening breeze imparted a fanciful motion. Fritz exclaimed, 'What a soene for a ghost! Do you' believe in ghosts ' Upon this question fallowed an argument, wherein he asserted and I denied. He told story upon story, drawn now from Hoffman's and others' fictions, to shiw how widespread tlie belief was, and how real its foundation must therefore be ; now, from his own family history, which I suspected of springing from his own excited fancy, to show how true his theory actually was. I answered as best I could, reducing, or attempting to rednoe, aU his marvellous tales to sell -deception or to coincidence. When I spoke of this ho interrupted me sud denly. 'Coincidence! he cried; 'you may call it co incidence, but do you believe that there is nothing to govern and bring about coincidences ? Do you think that there are no times when the gift of far-seeing oomes to two human souls, so that the one can read tho other, however far apart they may be 'i That gift, has come to mo even now, and to one other. I know it. Last year 1 fell madly in lovo with an English girl who was staying here. Her love was as deep as mine. What need to tell you more p Her parents interfered and parted us. I was not rich enough ! Rich ! As if lore such as ours was not heaven-bom, and richer than all tho treasures that the world can give ! bince our separa tion I have thought much of her, and she, I know, much of me, trustfully and hopefully believing tliat our love must triumph in the end — 'love unconquered in battles ! ' But now, even while you spoke, there cauio to me and to her a sudden knowledge that we have patted never to meet again. Oh, my darling '. my darling I Our day is past!' As ho uttered tho last, words. Fritz flung himself, with a mixture ot a boy's self-abandomncut and man's passion, I upon tho gratis, an though he sought to bury himself and his grief. I so ttlied him as wtll as I could, and presently he got up and walked down to the town with me. By the time of our arrival there the quick rebound of his spirits had restoied him to at least the appearance of all his wonted brightness, and ho left me with a half-jesting, half sorrowful apoloiy for his weakness. Soon after this' I left Heidelberg and Fritz, with whom, however, I promised to cmrespond. In the next year, just after the war broke out, he wrote to me, saying that, the regiment of oavahy which he had joined would probably be in action before long. His hopes were high and his spirit keen ; but there was a tone of sadness nil through his letter. He ended by saying. ' Be sure you shall have more news of me if I live ; perhaps you shall have news of me in any case.' A few d:iyp after I received this letter I was sitting at the window of my lodgings in Scotland, sketching, or trying to sketch, for my thoughts wandered away from the scene before ine to the eoene.s which Fritz's letter had recalled to mc. Tho weather had been hot and dry for a long time, and tho road upon which my window looked out was scoured now and again by clouds of dust. Out of humour with mv work and myself, I tell to watching these clouds with a bitter idleness, whilo my mind harped constantly on Fritss. It was doubtless this absorption in one subject that caused the str.inge fancy that presently possessed me. From ono of these dust-clouds, larger than ordinary, which I watched rolling up the stretch of the road from far away, I seemed to hear strange sounds issuing. I distinguished, as I thought, the trampling of hoofs and tho tinging of metal, as if a troop of cavalry were clanking at full gallop over the hard ground. As the cloud came nearer, the noise grew louder, until at last, as it neared the window, the tread of horses' feet, the jingle of spurs, and the clang of swords were so present to my fancy that I could not resist rushing out to see if in truth there were a force of armed men conoealed by the dust. Though I had prepared myself for such an event, there was something ghastly in finding the sp&uc; which to one of my senses was full of life and motion dead and empty to the others. And though, as thing6 were, it was natural, it was a ghastly fancy that I heard Fritz's voice calling to me as the wind carried the dust-storm past. The fantasy upset my nerves for a time ; but in a few days I had vanquished its effect enough to attach little meaning to it, when the news of Fritz's death in a cavalry charge reached me. Poor Fritz ! I mourned him as one moarns those men whom one loves not only for themselves, but for that principle of brightness and life which they carry with them, and give out to the world in compensation for its darkness. A year after his death I ?was staying at. a 'country house, where, amongst other guests, there was present a Miss Yenner. There was something about her which attracted me strangely. She looked and moved and talked like one who carried 'a secret ? memory or a secret grief '. and, indeed, the one generally in volves the other. One night, iteo happened, that I told the story of my vision or fancy, substituting another name for that of Baron Fritz and saying nothing of his past history. The tale raised lauihter, wonder, or comment from every one except Miss Venner, who moved away at its conclusion as if she had not. heeded it, and presently called me to the piano at tiie other end of the room to arrange 6omc music, when I reached her, fhe looked up into my face over the music which she held, and said. 'You knew my poor Fritz, then*;' The question seemed to me in no wav strange, and I answered simply, ' Ye?, I knew him well/' ' Then you loved him well ?' she said. ' You do not ask how I divined that it was him of whom you spoke : and, indeed, it is not strange that I did ; for wh«t you saw and heard in Scotland, I also saw and heard in Spain, where they had taken me for detraction, to make me forget him, as they thought. My Fritz !' At this moment we were interrupted ; but the detailed description which she afterwards gave me of adu;t-storm and a vague sound of armed horsemen within it tallied exactly with I had thought to witness. Is it still only a omcid.'nce r 1 cannot tell. — Temple liar. 