CHURCH POLITY Ac INDICATED IN THE . NfcW TESTAMENT. . . to the etjitob op tub couboeb. Sm,— In resuming tb;s subject where I left off yesterday, tltcquetirm nay w apked— Were all the elders equs? 3«f autheri'y ? Tbe New Testament indicates en differcccr. No parage nor word can he found which zm; lies degr-.- f ."Mborily on the part V of the elders. iVhtt pr wer ily had they possessed in common. T'nt was thrp )-> difference in the duties or weak of the presbyters? Yes. Pome att«ided to ibe overright <<f the church cblrflr, while others taborei to tl> word and doctrine. Let the elders that rah well t.e counted worthy of double honor. especially titer who labor m tbe word and doctrine." — 1 Timothy, v. 17. "v-r?l«?lesp. according to the qualification!- men ioned in Timothy and Titus, every weraaaa-to. tie "art to teach.f and " able by eotm doctrine 1x41s to ex) ort end convince tbe gaiosayers," as well as to Make care of the Church of God." Those who labored to thepoldic mtoistry would have to do come ruling, whiie thoae who attended ridefly to roKog would have to do some tocliitig. The rick might send for any <f the. elders, and any cf tbe elders might be met by gaiiiFayers, not to mention tlie work of u feeding the flock,' wh eh every elder, as we have seen, was enjoined to do. Is there no rule, then to guide a chureh respecting the number of «lders which a church ought to have? All that the New Testament teaches is plurality of elders for every church. Comiaoa sense is left to supply tbe reri, and it may safely Lie left to common sense to d « to; otherwise. God would have given ' Specific rules. Certain duties devolve upon elders; only certain persons are qualified f-jr the office; if pos sible. every rlrarch ought to have a sufficient number of elders or bishops for the < indent discharge of all the duties, and a wise church would have no mora 2\. The t mptraKties of thf church. These were attended t-> by a class of office-bearers called deacons, the qualifications for widch are thus described by Paul to his «-jdstle to 1 imctlty u Likewise must the deacons he grave, cot docble-te ngeed.not given to mnch wine, not greedy of filthy lucre, the mystery of tlie faith to a pu-e coiiraeoce. And let these also first be proved ; IWn le: them use the office . of a deacon, being found blameless. Even so must ' their wives be grave, cot -riatderers, sober, faithful : in all tilings. Lit the deacons be the hoshands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses welL Nor they that 1iar» need the -offioe of a deacon will purchase jo flaagdw tgaod degraaari great bold- | nee£ in the faith which is in Christ Jesus" \- The duticsof deacons may bslesraea from the ririli' chapter of Acts. Certain widows were -neglected fin ! n AmSw BmndHfim" The sportles thmi -called tfaemidtitcdc of the disrifles mto them and arid.lt ; Is not reason that we should leave the word of God and eerre tables; aprcpe.itina that every one must assent to.' Whercrfore. brethren, look ye outaaoc you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy" Ghost and vrhdom, whom we may appoint over this burin arr." -Thi tiite -baricwa -iaa-pennanraitdafy the diiudt and theredteo for the same reason aa above, some oilier persons than riders are required to„ attend to it. Taul directs the Chrietians at fi«me,to dtetribute to tbe neceeatx-Ff srinta; and to merf itecesrities of tbe«&ftJeraral;«c,te%rte5 the . churches of .Galatta .So .lay by in store, on the first dy of the week, as God had prospered them: \A riinffar jordcr he gave to" the cbnrdf at Corinth." "To still fartber sliDw that attend to the poor £s Hiding nptathe ctorcb, I will quote the foUowi&g; passages : — u For as toocUng the an$matering-toAheraiata,itis snpciflaoes for-BO-to- write to yon. For the administration of this eer- vice not only suppKeth'-the want of the raints, but is abanjlant alio by many.tliahksgivtogs' taitolGod.1 u And when James, Cephas, and Jebn, who seenudfto. bepnUrs,p»eeived tiwgram that.wee given imta|me, they gave to aBMBrinahastto aatf-ftaadsoffri- lowsHp ; that we should go ..nnto the heatiynand they nnfo the" carcumrisjen. Only they weald that wp prww; Ihcsme winch .1 also was fomrdtbdo.- Tbe wwkJf "feribaficg fo the necessity, of fairiswocld be. ficffiraent, rioeg arith otiier temporalities, for- this seeond drts rt oflSoe- Kmnre. Tho the elders were ririctly adri- ' taftTthose of the deacons temporal— a rimpte dinsaon ' of the Iwafetefaqf duties, but a wise airsngemenftfior fteir effi den t dischaxge. Ife doslt ittd of a third class ol office-bearers— n,aihird dass was rendered nnneoessaryty baring ose-etess tor tosteocttog, acdndagTand' another dass tor attending ie the temporal duties of fbecbordi. 'Paid addresses his . letter to the church at PLilippi ihne :— To aU the saints hi, Christ Jesus whirii are ai Phinppi. wfth the biriiops and deacons.' He onlv gives tie quaiificatioof for die two offices oS bfehopacd AeeeoB,and$as we have seeu,toereisnot room tea fhtad iffiflein the New Teriamant division rftofwB,- -Pnur-t .-v. ..r.-a VI ;»£rT 