LAYING OF THE XIEMORJA L-STONE OF A NEW CttURCELAT DALBY. The ceremony of laying t:i« memorial-stone of a new church for the use ef t!:e members of the: Church of England in this towu was performed on., Wednesday last, February 23, by the Yen, Arch deacon (xleimie, who had arrived from Brisbane that afternoon by trrun 'for the pnrposB. The ■ weather could not have been more favourable. A procession started from the School of Arts at half past 5, in which the three churchwardens led the way, followed by the Archdeacon and the Rev. R. Malialui {the incumbent), the- members of the vestry, and the parishioners. . A few minutes suf ficed to bring them, to the church ground,- where the stone (which was taken from the old building) was ready, tlie.jplace being ornamented by flags. In a cavity beneaflTtin^nttme was placed a leaden box containing a document ta!5^^from-4>enfiaiJi_tke_ foundation-stone of the brick church that was re cently pulled down, a copy each of the latest issue of the local paper and the Gourier, and a parchment setting forth as follows :— ' '; " In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.—By the grace of God, the inemorial-stone of this church, dedicated to the worship of the ever-blessed Trinity—to be called the Church of St. John the Evangelist—was laid by the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie on Wed nesday, the 23rd day of "February, 1876, being the thirty-ninth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, a'id the first year of the Episcopate of the Right Rev. Matthew Blagden Hale, Lord Bishop of Brisbane ; William Welling ton Cairns, Esq., C.M.G., being Governor of the. colony ; Charles E. Chubb,. Thomas C. Good, and Alexander A. Gaskarth, churchwardens ; Wil loughby Powell, architect; James Marks, builder.',' Upon arriving at the stone, the Archdeacon read the prayers-suitable for the occasion, and the Rev. j R. Malialm the portion of Scripture appointed for the purpose, taken from the 29th chapter of the First Book of Chronicles. Mr: Marks., the con- ; tractor, then spread the mortar, and the stone, • which was suspended from' a pulley, was lowered into its place, and, the Archdeacon having tapped, it three times with a mallet, the stone was duly laid. The 241st Hymn, appropriate "for laying the foundation of a^hureii," was then sung, at the, termination of Tvhich the customary offerings were placed upon-the stone, and which, when collected, amounted to £18 4s. Upon the face of the stone was cut the simple inscription A. D. — - Feb. 23, 1S76. The procession returned in similar order to the place of starting, and then dispersed to get ,ready to. attend the tea-meeting, which was held at the School-of Arte at half-past 6. -A most bountiful supply of good tilings had been -furnished by the ■ ladies, and the tajjlfia^-wsfe' tastefully decorated withstands andr"vases of flowers and fruits. The' hall was speedily filled, and several hundred .people partook of the creature comforts provided for their; delectation. That interesting eeremony over, the tables were •cleared avay asAthe forms re- arranged in the hall, for the public meeting, which commenced at about half- past 8, when the hall was again filled. "The first speaker was the Rev. R,. Mahalm, who said he had no doubt many were disappointed at the ab sence of tie Bishop, which he had just ascertained was unavadable, as he hadarrangedthe programme. ef his trawls some time ago, and it had not -included Dalby; aid if he had come here on this occasion, he must hive "disappointed others. He also apolo gised for-fhe enforced absence of other clergymen to whom ije. had written, requesting their attend ance, upon the grounds that they were all so occu pied with tie work in their own parishes as to be unable to lejve. The rev. gentleman enlarged upon the fallacy if the atomic theory of the creation of1 the world.,:and well and wisely showed its un demonstraUableness and contrariety to the Word of God, aiiq that if it were true, man being incap able of imjrovement and but a creatHre of tinie, there wouldibe no need of such a ceremony as they had. witnessed that day. He also impressed upon his young lienvers that, as there would goon be a church, thosi who desired marriage should come to it, as he woild no longer marry them -as" he had been-compelled to do- -at his own or their houses— when there liad been.no sacred building; and he would give "tie first <souple who "were united in the new building a family Bible. 'l'lie Ai'climacon, who was -warmly received, then said that he loped the services of the Bishop would ■ be required £> consecrate the building on the -day ■ of opening, inplying thereby that he .hoped the members wou^l be able to open it free of debt. He : weuld be haply to visit them again on that occa- < sion, and he remarked that the first church in' Dalby, and inwhich he had been the first clergy man to ofliciati was an old rooni, now standing, in Mr. .Roche's hqise. Mr. Chubb, ^ treasurer, then stated that the new building was atimatcd to cost, when finished, be tween £1 LOO aoi £1200, of which amount they had: in hand and amiable from all sources about £800, and that fresh bfforts would require to be made to clear off the bsjauce. This. he hoped soon to see accomplished, jad Jie thought that that day's .pro ceedings and tls progress of the Church here should "convince peopleat a distance, who seenied to think Dalby was a ejection of humpies with a mud-hole in tlie middle, iiat it was far otherwise. •: 43 unsg; the flfeniag the choir, who were accom modate! witli,! seats upon the stage,, sang that beautiful hymi: "J,ead. iriiylJy T-ifjItfc, me on.?' Sou* mn«c aad'a few^ngs~1ti&p;^to give yariety toltjie proceedings, and, after the usual v^te of thanks tl» the ladies,. the meeting^brpke -tip. It was calciiated that-tlie receipt^, of, the ^ day amounted, to ovjr £40. There wasbat one dnplea fl&gs; that had b sir erected over the atone were left'1 ^Suspended duriij the night, and on Thursday morning it was rand that some evil-disposed per* son : had torn tk flag of St. George from its pole and carried it a ay, the other two being left un-. injured. It ma; be stated, in conclusion, that the children of. the fan day-schoolconnected with St. John's, besides ! number of others, were regaled on Thursday altera on with the superabundbnt cakes, ■&'«,, of the |)rev|ius evening. it Ja expected the new building wll be completed iix .about three months. 1 