ifeE CONVENT SCHOOL ; "-<j ,:i'. ; j.,..". .: ' ' 0b» ' Cloister Spiders and Protestant Flies \- " 1 Chapter III. — ( Continued.) :'BsrAUTiFtri Institution rim rait. cirildbm _Y'Pather hforpliy made it a . point to quote Scripture to tne judge. . He did not say that Jfo'folt free to use olive oil because it is giveii to ihake. a man's face to shine. It was Father Murphy's policy to instruct this new son of the Ghtirch at all- times, and he continued : "Pro testants, as you will observe, are of those who strain at a gnat and swallow a camel. Wine, dancing, a hand at whist are gnats they choke qyer, while they make no difficulty of the sacrilege of giving the Eucharistic wino to .the people, despising the Holy Virgin and the blessed saints, and dying unconfessed and with- out.extreme unction." The judge bowed assent, as he always did. . .'fNow," said Father Murphy, Benevolently, V I- regard Protestants as lost sheep of the house of lsrael. I feel compelled to bring them back to that fold from which they went out. In so doing I shall, as the Apostle James says, save a soul from death and cover a. multitude of sins. I welcome all such returning sheep with open arms and Father Murphy took a sip of, wine, and;: mildly regarded the judge who was one of these same returned sheep. ( '.".Ofall things," said Father Murphy, "one of the most surprising is the way the Protestants regard our convents and sisterhoods. On these particular institutions of our Church they fall with full fury. They abuse and, deride them for a way that is perfectly amazing, especially when we see what a benefit these very institu tions' are to Protestants - what an unrivaled opportunity for educating their daughters. Why Sir, juit see how this works," cried Father Murphy, taking another sip of wine and joining the tips of his forefingers, as if thereby to point a moral to his theme : " Here's a poor orphan child. Shall it be thrown upon the community as a beggar ? .No, the convent is open to it, and it is for ever taken care of. Here's a young woman, friendless and homeless; she goes to the. convent.; she joins a sisterhood and is de voted to good works, is a benefit to society. Here's a refractory girl; her, parents can do nothing with her ; send her to a convent ; of course a Mother Superior, who has brained hun dreds of girls, and has given her life- to nothing else, is far more capable of training this girl than her own mother would have been. Everything in the convent gently coerces the pupil to. right. The parents can be easy about their girl. From .the! hour they give her to the convent she is perfectly safe." . / ' : The judge nodded again. . He had a girl of his own, but he- knew far„ more about hiinting up: precedents than about bringing up girls. He could give a decision ih court with much more force and clearness than he could upon any of the educational systems of the day.: , , Here again,?', continued Father Murphy; chariningly ignoring, the fact that he was very plainly! putting jfcbe judge's .own case. "Here is a.famuy of jwealth ana position. ; They have, 11 )j&y;;.'«n! .only-' fprV-sensitive; lovely, and retiring.' , They need not feel that their death will tkrowher upon a cold and scheming world — that her life may be lonely and untended. The convent opens its arms to her orphan state. The Church is an. immortal mother: for the child of the Church'is provided a safe home, tender mother and sisters, occupation, refined society, good works. Her hours of illness find no hired nurses, but tended sisters; ' She has no business cares ; no commercial crisis can- throw her out of home and support, Ah," added the good Father, with unction; " it is . a. beautiful institution — a beautiful institution; worthy of the only True Church;'' ; The matter thus fairly set before. Judge Schuyler, lie quite agreed with his : priest. In the light that morning thrown upon: it the '"con-- vent. did ;look a beautiful institution; indeed. All that his faint-hearted wife could say in . a year on the contrary side would be but as small dust iiio the . -balance - against - the view, he had gained from the reverend- Father. In fact; that " very evening Mrs. Schuyler ventured to say, " I wish you y wquhl h send ! Lilly to : ai different school. She is hardly at home mth me atball. The Sisters cointrive'to' keep5 lie'r every day until teatime." "Why, what'ifdo they 'find?-' ' asked . the judge. \5tio -2i hnli i-.; "Oh, new.t music i or ffancy-work- or a sick person or an prphan;hqusp:foryisit,", : „,.j : . .' Of course, jlit is: iyour|twish .that Lilly, be; ac- complished ' and- likevyisejcharifobie?,'' ;said the WfeS'j " C- J "ii" 'Sri-''''' ! "iy i . . f ' Yes; jbut . .these) are things - that -. she could well .learn .with" her m6tlier;";rsaid' poor. Mrs. Schuyler. - , , , J i , ( « i < - , "-Mothers . i must not be , too selfish," said her husband. , "jl!ain . sine Lilly could not be in a better school '! , , , , , . "But," said!1Mrs.„:;Schuyler, - desperately, ".suppose, all .this„ends tin.;> Lilly's, taking the veil?" ' > Worse, .things might;, happen," replied the judge, very coolly. She. would .then, have, 'a safe and quiet life, before her, aud be out of the reach of fortune-hunters."- > ; Mrs. . Schuyler groaned, " Entirely in: their hands, I should tlmik but she moaned it to lierself. '..It was about six. o'clock now— almost dinner- , time— and. Lilly: came . in from , school. , , - ; . ; ; : . , ; - ? "How late you are; LiUy.i'.'; said her mother; as ; the . girl, .newly .curled and . furnished with fresh frills and kerchief by the faithful' Hannah, came into the parlor. ' " . "I wmtt6r'dilie'>''eaied'- mother,. to. see some dear, .little,; babies; baptized. . Poor .little tilings, mother, theylooked so funny compared to Father Murphy. One was four days old, and the other a week." , "Poor little Creatures! What a - dreadful thing to take them but at that age !" cried Mrs. Schuyler. "Oh, but, mother, it was to be baptized. Sup pose they should die very soon — '! "They are much mpre likely to sifter: such in absurd exposure," intefrup'ted Mrs. Schuyler. ""Yes, but i low they will be saved. If they had died unbaptized, their poor little souls would wander shivering around— well, around somewhere — for ever. Sister Saint Cecelia told me so." \- "And do you believe that?" asked Mrs, Schuyler. . . " Of. course ; Saint Cecelia always speaks tbe truth," . . " Well, Lilly, you: have two; dear little brothers who died unbaptized." : " Oh, mother !?' cried Lilly, horrified; "How could you let them V They died suddenly when quite small in fants. If they had lived, very likely they would have been baptized: But I do not . sup pose that the - souls of those dear babes are shivering about somewhere. /. believe they are in heaven with Jesus, who said, ' Suffer little children.'" . Judge Schuyler was making impatient move ments. His two lost boys were sore ; subjects to him. " But, mother, Saint Cecelia says unbaptized babes cannot get into heaven ; they cannot be saved;" said Lilly, weeping at the dreadful thought of her brothers. "/think," said Mrs. Schuyler, "that it is the blood pf ffesus and . the renewing, of the Holy Ghost, and not baptismal waters, that take children into heaven. Go, Lilly, ask your father if Saint Cecelia is right, and our two dear boys are lost because they, were not baptized.'' . This was a very artful thing of Mrs. Schuyler, quite unprecedented.. The judge winced as Lilly, who considered him the wisest of men, drew near his chair with appealing eyes. " I!m surprised, Lilly, ..that -Sister Cecelia should < have told you anything of the: kind. I am sure she would not had she understood the circumstances' of the case. It was .quite useless to say such a thing to you. _ You: know, Lilly, that in our Church there is . a great mass of ignorant people who are not easily reached and brought up to their duty. They would entirely neglect tbe needful rite of baptism if they were not forced ;to attend to it by being told that their infants were lost if dying unbaptized. " " But;" said Lilly, with wide, open, honest eyes, " they either are lost' or are net, and if they are not it is -a lie to say they are !" " Lilly," said the judge, uneasily, "you are too young to argue on this kind of questions. Very likely some infants are lost by Want of baptism— children, of very wicked: parents, for instance ; but I am quite sure that my children unbaptized are quite as safe as the youngsters you saw - at the . cathedral' to-day," said the judge, with dignity. The judge resumed his paper; Lilly went over to look at her mother's embroidery. "You see, Lilly," said her mother, 'f that you are not to believe implicitly all that your Church tells you.'" . " But, mother, Saint Cecelia says that the Church cannot be wrong." .- " Then, you are not to believe all your father tells you?": : . "Ch, mother, father knows everything!" cried Lilly, and stopped confounded. The poor child was in a " sea of- troubles." " Maria;" said the judge, shortly, " don't try to unsettle. the -child.": Is this:a very happy family ? It might have been had not Popery been introduced to disturb its peace. As Lilly was discussing baptism at home; Father Murphy was going : to his own house from the cathedral. He: had in hia pocket the baptismal fees, though the feeble mother of the week-old infant was doing her own work; being too poor to hire help, and the other babe had but two changes of raiment. ' The rich judge's dinner-hour, .was the poor man's supper-time, and Father Murphy met Ann Mora going home; to tea: Ann was one of liis lambs, and the reverend Father stopped her : " Ann, -where are you going to school now ?" ... '-V-To the free school," faltered Ann, curtsey ing low. :r '' And wby have you left the parochial School?" : . j;.,' I Father says wo are too. poor, sir. It: cost fifty cents the; month for me, and twenty-five cents for. Pat, and wages is low, your reverence, and so they sent us to free school, please." . ''Very well," said Father Murphy, sternly, " I suppose your father i3 home now. I'll go in .with you. " How poor Ann's heart fluttered ! But down the side street .and up the narrow stairs panted the portly Father, and was led inio the, room where Mora, his wife and boy sat at supper. Father Murphy had better sup pers by far on days of entire abstinence. " Oh, your reverence !" quavered Mrs. Mora, "will you take, a chair, sir?" and she rubbed the best one with her apron. :: I cannot sit down under this roof,!" said Father Murphy; with indignation in eye and tone. , " John Mora, ; you have periled the souls of your, children; by sending them to Protestant free schools. ," ph,. . your : reverence, " said John Mora, meekly, " I could not stand under. the price of the <ther.'.': "Then , let, them remain at home, until von can."; . . ,! Time gets harder every year," said John, a very shrewd-looking fellow, "and I want the children eddicated, as I've always heard say this is a free country, and by eddication a fair chance of people rose above their first station. I'm looking up for my childer, sir." " Why not look up for yourself ?" . j,"! have no eddication, your honor's re verence." : " Perhaps the day will come, John, when our Father, the Pope, can give land and place : and fortune to the faithful without education. Too much, education is apt to turn the heads of .the masses." . . Father Murphy had cast out a baited , line,; and watched to see if it was bitten. .. , "Kh, your reverence ?" said John Mora, look- ing up quickly: : ; , ,, j' 1, say, John, that our Father, his Holiness, is, right: ul head, of all lands, and: he may one day here distribute to his faithful those rewards wh cli they will use for the benefit of the Gliurch." £ BeliWe," said John, his face flashing into in- terest, -and, pushing-back from tbe table. , , r f ' You had best be faithful to. your Church; Jphn.'V , ; , I will that; your reverence.'?! i f, -:; iriiy ' ' Then take your children from those heretical schools. Don't let them go there another day. It may do for Protestants .fosehd their children out of their own schools, and say others won't change their faith. I tell you, John, if your children go to those heretical schools, they will suck in as much of these notions 'of - liberty and free speech and Bible poison- as will cut them loose from the Ohurch.and drift them into per dition. Protestants may count on them, j ust as surely as toe may count on.nme-tehths of the Protestant children sent to our schools." , "I'll mind, your reverence," said John Mora. "To Bend Komau Catholic children to Pro testant schools, "cried Father Murphy, "is. -an. unnatural crime, as cruel as murder. Children so sent will be devils in perdition !" and Father Murphy brought down his fist on Mrs. Mora's frail tea- table to the table's evident peril. " My children shall come back to your paro chial school, your reverence, to-morrow," said John Mora. " See that they do," said Father Murphy. . .Under this storm of priestly wrath, Mrs. Mora was cowering and crying. Ann and Pat had fled to opposite corners of the room, and shook as in an ague. John Mora was reduced to intense humility. Father Murphy regarded them in silence; His countenance cleared. He spread out his hands : " Benedicite !" It was as the sun returning after a tempest. The family revived. . ; Father Murphy departed. "John," said Mrs. Mora, "I'll not get; a new bonnet. Mine's done, for four years. It may do five." " We'll do without that corner cupboard," said John. . :. " I'll mend up Pat's old trowsers," said Mrs.- Mora. "I want new one's," said Pat:- . . '.'Hold your tongue, and don't be a heretic !" said hia father. After tea, Mrs. Mora got a worn-out pair of pantaloons, and taking Pat's gray trowsers, she cut the four patches of three colors that al ready ornamented > them, taking out a good margin with each, and set in four plaid patches. Meantime, Pat sat and snuffled; i : " They'll hold out two months if you're careful, and the patches are all alike," said his mother consolingly. " Great oaks from little acorns grow." From these four plaid patches, and the ignominy of wearing them, added to the tyranny of being kept half an hour a day longer in school, we date Pat Mora's lapse from Humanism. - : The next day Lilly at school revived the question of; baptism with Saint Cecelia, and re ported the conversation' at home. Saint Cecelia saw that she had made a false step : " My dear- child," Baid the Sister, " of course yoil desire the salvation of those infants greatly." "Oh, indeed, I do !" cried Lilly.: "We do not know the limits of heavenly goodness," said Saint Cecelia. " We know that the Blessed Virgin is merciful, and she is your patroness, and that Saint Peter keeps the keys - of heaven. . Perhaps, if you are a very good Catholic, and do a great deal for. the Church, you may purchase the salvation of your brothers. Who. can tell?" "Oh, do you think so, Saint Cecelia?!' cried Lilly. . " ".And," said. Saint Cecelia, "it, is not- right to let our good deeds be known,-'. Kepti secret; they are more acceptable to heaven, as perfume shut up. in a box does not . waste itself. You had better not mention the matter at , home ;" and so Saint Cecelia of the " Beautiful Institu tion " taught our. Lilly to render: honoriand.conr fidence to her . parents. . -But Saint . Cecelia saw it was time to ; distract Lilly 's mind. ' ! am going , to visit the -parochial schobl, and you may come with me;". she said. ::r ; ; ." Let me goltoo,": cried Adelaide, who stood near. . , . "And me, !'Y cried- Grace.; r c-.i ,- .-. . ; . " Sister Graeei"; said the nunitmildlyj .'Yyour French composition! ; is; not!' reiy. Sister Adelaide, yaur.embroidery must beipicked out.; your moss rose is crooked, and your; violet is not: shaded right.," . : : Grace, fond of study, cheerfully- attacked the French composition ; but Adelaide - pouted, knocked down her .embroidery-frame; and cried, "Hateful! stuff! You make a . pet' of Lilly: She is. your favourite, you know she is-!" " Sister Adelaide," said Saint Cecelia, quite unruffled, " We are going to have -a, procession to honor the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin. You may choose your own part,: my .dear child;" and,, on hearing this, Adelaide's spirit .'floated tranquilly into. sunshine. ; Lilly went to the parochial school; \; , 5 - . " Why is; Ann -Mora; at ",the:; foot oft cher class ?" asked: the nun. ; t v >r j "She; has been' absent a month going-, to -a heretic school;??-: said the lay, sister swbo-iwas teaching. :Viv/ YiyuM.-j j c -ati Lilly saw a boy, weeping in a .corner. t . Ever sympathetic, she went to , him : 1 " What is -the matter, boy-?" ... : 0.:ui 3 It was Pat Mora, who blubbered !out' : The boys cell me : convic', because my trowsers is two kinds; and they take in school sotearly here I don't get no time, to play shinny.'.? J ; ;j " Don't cry," said Lilly, putting! her little white hand on his rough bowed- head,: "you don't know how sorry I am for you." That soft touch and tone made him -Lilly's devoted slave from thenceforth; .. .; ,- i - // " Sister Cecelia," said Lilly, as, they, walked home, "I would, like to buy that little .boy some clothes ; his own hurt his feelings." "I would not just now,'? said Saint, Cecelia, "for he has been going to a heretic. school,, and needs punishing. Besides, " she added, " we want our celebration of the Assumption to be very flue and suitable to the House of . the Immaculate Heart, and it will take j .'all. -.the pupils' pocket-money :from now until the fifteenth of August to get it up." ! 5 Lily, finished the walk to .the cohyent;! in a deep muse. What was she thinking of ? She bad heard Ann Mora reproved, and had privately gone to her, asking, "Why did you leave this nice school ? : "Had to," 8aidAnhr. :; i ; i..! ,. " Did you : learn anything; in the other ?: Of course you, did not. How, foolish of you_to go !?' said Lilly, severely,.; " Come, now, Ann, did you learn one thing in the month yon were gone from here?" ;/ ' "Yes," said Ann, suddenly, "I did, mias,! I learnt it .like as we was reading round one- morning : ' The blood of Jesus Christ His-Soh: cleanseth us- from all sin.' I remembered- it,' 'cause it didn't say her Son. " ..... ; " That was because you read a heretic book,": said Lilly. . r Y: "It's a mighty pretty verse anyhow, aiid;I- learned it to mother,' said Ann. . Lilly walked back to the convent by Sister; Cecelia, this verse ever in her mind, considering, it in silence. (To be continued 