After many attempts to abolish the nuisance of toll-gates on. our main roads, it was lately thought that the .object had at last been gained, and, that these vexatious means of collecting a revenue and hindering the traffic on the roads of the colony would be finally discontinued. According to the working of the Act lately passed the collec tion of tolls should have ceased yesterday, but the opposition shewn, tq the Govern ment proposition of a wheel-tax, in substi tution thereof, has induced the Government to extend the time during which tolls shall be collected until the 30th June of next year, or for nearly a. year longer. This course has been Tendered necessary, in a manner of speaking, by -the fact that many local bodies had mortgaged their incomes from toll-gates, but the new measure provides that no toll shall: be continued where the mortgage is for a smaller sum than $500, and that all toll-gates shall be actually abolished where the sum collected has not reach edj£500 during, the past year. This clause will no . doubt have the effect of abolishing very , many -of these impediments to traffic; but it must be regretted that the original-7 intention of abolishing them al together could not he carried out. In the meantime, the question of the means to be adopted for raising a revenue for the main tenance of the main roads when the tolls and subsidy "have ceased still remains unde termined, There is one proposal to insti tute a tax. upon vehicles in , the shape of license fees, but this is equally objectionable with the; wheel-tax, and "While ' it would bring a large sum tq local governing bodies having control of thickly populated districts Would leave many of "the up-country shires' without any material assistance from this source for making and- maintaining their roads. It has also been proposed that the additional., revenue required/'- should be raised by the local bodies either by increas ing - the amount of "the rates "levied" on assessable; property - or else ;hy. - making -a special rate for the purpose. In the event of tfie Government refusing to. continue life subsidies or to take-main roads under their own charge, it appears to us that this course would be the best and rfiost equitable to adopt — hnueh better/ indeed, than, the im position of any special tax such as that pro posed to be placed on whe, els, or vehicles. It is truly said that those who. use the roads ehoiilti pay for them, but shall not those who benefit by them also contribute their share to the costs of making and mainten ance? Where the required revenue . is raised solely by tolls, license-fees/ and wheel- taxes, it must he regarded to a great extent as an impost on industry, while at the same time the property-holder, Whoso wealth may i be increased, tenfold by the road made by or through Iiis estate pays next to nothing in a direct manner for. the benefit he receives.' Ratepayers will no doubt object to being called-upon to supply the required funds as much as the pners of vehicles -have done, ; but- the fact remains that the roads must be made and-maintained, and the only question is -as to wh'ereHhe money shall foe' obtained from; wherewith to do the necessary - work. , To our mind; the best way out of the diffi culty is for the Government to continue the subsidies; to local bodies .until such; time, us the main roads in .their several districts have: been completed, and at . the;, general election shortly to take ;> place it would be ' well for the electors to remember this matter, and to make the continuance of the subsidy a test question' with every ' - candidate who offerg- himself for ©lection. ; iThere isvnothing unreasonable in the proposition, for we understand, that in America and some other countries the making apd maintenance' of main roads remain a charge upon the state, and while' so many extraneous e?pens©s are forced upon the local bodies, to be paid for out of the ordinary rates they may justly claim some assistance for the roads that are at the seryice of th© whole colony. By a telegram received this morning from the President of the Shire, S. T. Moate, Esq., we learn that the deputation interviewed the Minister of Railways yesterday, and the . local members were supported by delegates from the City Council of Ballarat and the Shire Council of Lexton. The gentlemen were introduced by the Hon Alex ander Fraser,- member for the Province in the Legislative Council, and by Messrs Davies, Woods, .Fin$bqm, and Major Smith, members of the Legis lative Assembly. .:.Tbe Minister complimented the. deputation on the claim/they, had - shown -fin" 'the Mine being extended by way of Avoca 'to St Arnaud. Mr Moate-seems tq be, sangume-pf the ; result,/ahd concludes his telegram by stating His opinion that the line asked for will be included in the next railway bill. From last night's JJeraldi we clip the following paragraph, containing some particu lars not included in Mr Moate's telegram :-—" A deputation, representing the Shire Council of Avoea and the City Council of Ballarat, waited on the Commissioner of Railways to-day, and advocated the construction of a line of railway from Avoca to St Arnaud, In preference to. the other two routes which had been suggested, viz., one from Dunolly to St Arnaud, and another from Maryborough to St Arnaud direct. The advantages claimed for this rdutefoy. , the deputation were,, that ;it serves both amining community on the west, and an agri cultural district on the east, and it was urged that the only argument that coujd be brought against the line was that it was about three miles longer than that from Dunolly. It was contended, how - evqr, that the additional cost of the extra three miles would- be fully met by the greater amount of traffic that would take-place between St. Arnaud and Avoca than over the other routes;- Mr Jones, in reply, said that all be could promise was tg. place the claims of the deputation before his colleagues. Hecoiild not now indicate what lines of railway the Government proposed to construct, as the proper place for & Government to announce its railway policy was in Parliament." . The English mail Qloses in Ayoca on Monday next. The committee of the Mechanics' Institute meet for the transaction of business to-morrow evening. A sort of mild fever, accompanied in some in stances by sore throat, is prevalent in the district just now, and mostly attacks children and young persons. The complaint does not seem to be a serious one, and after two or three days' indisposL tion the patient recovers, We learn that Mr Kaye, of Landsborough, has purchased the stallion " Emperor" by " Wallace." This will prove a valuable addition to the draught sires of the district. All particulars of pedigree, etc., will be given by advertisement in a future issue. A meeting of the Dramatic Club took place last evening, when it was determined to substitute V Retained for the Defence," as the afterpiece, instead of " Nan the Good for Nothing." The chafiiters for both pieces have now been arranged, and members are required to meet for rehearsal on W ednesday next, f wo new lady members were proposed and elected, and had parts assigned to them, and the members are entering upon the work with a degree of enthusiasm which promises well for the success of the entertainment. The Avoca football team proceeded to Talbot to-day, to play a match with the champions of the town named; We remind our readers of the lecture by the Rev J. W, Inglis, which will take place in the Presbyterian Church on Monday evening next. The subject is an attractive one, namely, " The Poetry and Songs of Scotland," and the lecture is to be illustrated with songs by Mrs McLean, Mrs Malcolm, Sweet, Mathers and Jennings, and Messrs Pairman, Steel, Henderson, McDonald and Logan. A very enjoyable evening's entertainment is promised, and there should be a good attendance. Mr H. B. Daly, of Dunolly, notifies by adver tisement in another column his intention of coming forward as a candidate for the representation of the the AT<>c& District in the Legislative Assembly. Mr Daly was in Avoca this morning and was intro duced to a number of the electors, some of whom promised him their support. Mr Daly states that his address will be published in a few day's and then we shall be able to form a better opinion of his qualification', We have been informed that a cow tried con clusions with the contractors' engine on the railway a few day's since, and came off second best. The engine driver noticing some cattle on the line shut off steam and approached the spot at a very slow pace, in order to give the animals time to move ofi. They held their ground, however, and seemed in no way inclined to have their doge disturbed. The whistle was sounded, and this scared away all but one, an old cow which was evidently refiecting deeply on the changes recently made in her pasture ground. The engine, now scarcely moving, gradually ap- approached, and. at length aroused her from her meditations with qn admonitory thump on the hind quarters. This aroused the animal's combative instincts, and she gharged the train with spirit, and no amount of whistling and shouting could drive her ofi. As a last resourse the driver opened the escape valve and enveloped her in a cloud of hot steam. Her tail went up, and she disappeared amohgs the trees at a gallop. Our informant thinks that if she has a' opped running her owner may look for her in the ' neighborhood of Natte Yallock or Redbank. It will be observed by advertisement that Mr J. Gouge has opened premises for the sale 'of fish in High street, and intends to procure a fresh supply daily. He also intends to provide game for his customers in the season.. ; Sir Charles Sladen has been returned unopposed for tjhe Western Province. Mr James Buchanan has been returned by a good majority for the South Province, in the room" of the hon, W. A. C. a' Beckett, defeating Messrs Bennett a'nd O'Brien. The Hon John Woods addressejd a large meet ing at Stawell on Monday niftht, in . opposition to the pew. Elect oral .Ril. : : He was .enthusiastically received. Mr Disraeli has fieeti created Earl of Beacons- field. The nomipation : dqy for the North.., -Western Province' is Tqesaymext; the day of polling, in i the event of a" con test, will be the 16' h instant. It is said that Mr Fraser will probably be opposed by(Mr W> J. Clarke, of Sunbury, ; , A telegram from. Brisbane, o.n. Tuesday, says -,f Wenzell was executed this morning at the gaol, for the murder of his fellow- servaRt, He made no confession, and died instantaneously. He -treated his position very lightly," Mr Naughton, the Under Secretary for Immi- gration, New Zealand, according to a recent tele— gram, has been arrested on a charge of committing an unnatural offence. A writer in the Argus" says. that, the- average cost of the wear ani) tear of a train is 4s. per mile. He estimates, that,. by taking the western, traffic round by Geelong is a loss of a sum equivalent to : the interest of £5fi0,0Q at five per cent. Miss Annie Barker, well known as a successful lady speculator, has been elected a member of the Sandhurst Stock Exchange; Mr Mirams has given a notice of motion for a return of salaries paid to members of Parliament, and what members haye declined to receive pay ment , for: their services. . ,. . : It is said that Brigham' Young, who has been ailing/ hag sufficiently recovered; to "sit up aridget married, occasionally, . By: the last mail'the Commandant has received a minute-just issued from the .War Office, by which a perfectly new formation of attack for infantry is laid downi- 'The subject' is! at' present under the consideration of the commandant, but it is not very > probable the riew formatibn will be adopted here until sotq'e system is in fpme hy which daylight: ' parades of the 'volunteers become imperative, i he forma' ion is of such an extended character that it would be a matter of impossibility to tfiach.it to the men. at night parades; _ A. M . w The Right Rev-. Dr'. O'Connor, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, celebrated 'mass in St. Patricks Church, Patrick street, on Sunday, and preached itri'o'8emo:ns/8ay3"'he 'Pleasant. Greek News . .In the couri-e of his remarks the bishop inveighed s'rongly against the. Education Act, in accordance with his avowed intention never to conclude peace with it, declared on the occasion of his visit to Stawell. The Government have at length conceded. so far to public opinion as to attempt the experiment of substituting latches instead of locks on the doors of railway carriages. The question was raised iq the House on Tuesday by Sir Ohas, Qavan Duffy, and in reply. Jklt Jones said that arrangements were now being madb to introduce latches on the Victo rian Railways instead of having the passengers locked up. Some slight alterations would he rendered necessary in connection with platforms ancl fencing, before this-could be done, but he hoped ,to see the .new syBtem inaugurated in , the course of a vei'Short time.-Ajife; ' . ,1 Awery p'ainfiih rumor has been iq circulation about Beech worth and Wangaratta concerning Father Hely, late curate of the Rev. T. J. Egan, Roman Catholic clergyman,' Wangaratta, " The reverend gentleman," the Cvens and Murray Adver tiser says, " left His charge about the end of May last and it was then stated that' he had left in rather a mysterious manner j however he was traced to Major Plains, and afterwards to Albury, and then, we believe, lost sight of. It may be in the recollection of our readers of an affray taking plaqeat some small public house near Nerandera between; the NeW South Wales ,pplice ' and a rather notorious character of the name of Turner who was wanted to answer to some offence committed hy him at the public house. The police called on the supposed man Turner to surrender, but he refused to do so, and the consequences was shots were ex changed, one of the police being wounded, and the man attacked by the police receiving mortal inju ries.. The body was brought to Wagga Wagga, and an inquest held,' and we believe a verdict was declared justifying the conduct of the police. The general opinion now is that the man who was shot is no other than Father Hely, who showed signs of eccentricity before he left Wangaratta. The report has since been confirmed by intelligence from ah official source." Sir Julius Vogel has retired from the Govern ment of New Zealand, with the view of receiving the appointment of agent general, ... He aqd his Colleagues have resigned, but it is understood that the Cabinet will be reconstructed with no further change in \t% pers new Minister in place of Sir Julius. On Monday morning a child three years and a half old, daughter of Thomas Kermode, residing in Victoria-street Daylesford upset the contents of a coffee pot, scalding her chest and legs fearfully. She was standing on a small stool in front of the fire with nothing but a nightdress on, when her foot slipped, and she fell foiward, knocking over fhe pot containing hot coffee which was at the fire at the time. The poor little creature lingered in agony until the next day, when death put an end to her sufferings. A very unusual circumstance occurred at the Greenvale station, belonging to Messrs. Austin, Maidment, and Millear, on the evening of Wed nesday, the jfith instant, when the disturbances noticed in Ararat were regarded, by many observers as those indicating earthquake. Ahout a quarter to eight o'clook, by the station time, a tornado swept over, cutting a direct lane from south-west to north east amongst the timber, scattering aqd uprooting everything it its course, and leaving (jhe track as bare as though cleared for a highway or a telegraph line. The width was about three chains, but the length of country over which the storm rushed can not be estimated, the course showing that the storm shortly entered upon the plains, where there was nothing to obstruct its course ; but even near to Ross's Bridge great branches were found to have been lying about, swept away from the nearest tim ber, Soine distance from the station there was a hut in which five men were staying, and these hear ing the coming noise ran out to learn the cause. They report to have seen in the pathway, cleared amongst the trees, a dense black cloud rolling along from which vivid forked lightnings were contin ually darting, The but was caught up and dashed about as the branches were, scarcely a vestige of tiieir habitation being lett. ine men state tnat it they had remained inside they would infallibly have been killed.— Ararat Advertiser . A writer in Wednesday's Argus vouches for the truth of the following statement On Monday a genrleman connected wi'h one of the largest im porting firms in Melbourne convassed the employes to see if they had attended to the taking out of electors' rights." The same thing, he says, oc curred in connection with another firm, and then he urges that other employers should make similar inquiries amongst their employes to the effect. If the employers are justified in interfering in this way, it is easy to see what will he the next step. Having first seen that the men have electors' rights, their employers will then inform them how they must be used, A woman named Richards had a most remark able and narrow escape from a violent death on Monday morning at the railway goods yard. She was crossing the line with a companion, and on reaching the platform the latter got up. Mrs Richards, however, being rather stout, had some difficulty, and, before she could follow, some trucks which had got what is termed " a kick" from the engine to drive them into the goods shed came noiselessly along. A porter named Scott saw the woman's danger, and, rushing across, caught hold of her, but, as she was so heavy, he could not ge t her on the platform, and the unfortunate woman was compelled to stand on tiptoes with her back against the platform, pressed tightly in, while the line of trucks went by. When released, it was found -necessary to take, her to Drj Boyd's who on examination found that she had beeen severely squeezed, but does not imagine there is any danger. The woman, however, who is much upset with the fright/ had a most wonderful escape from death. It is, the Star understands, likely that during the Ram Show week Mr A. Chirnside, of Werribree Plains, will be in Ballarat with his hounds. A fly ing buck has been procured by Mr Alexander, and will on the occasion be enlarged. As a great num ber of squatters will congregate in Ballarat at the time of the show, a good number of huntsmen may be looked for. The time and place of the the meet remain to be definitely arranged. The following despatch, dated 24th August, was received on Monday by the manager of the Victor ian Telegraph department from Singapore " Uri til. the Madras cable is repaired a fagt steamer will be kept runuing between Penang and Moulamein to take telegrams. . She leaves Penang next Friday evening oj- Saturday morning. The hour of de parture will be notified. The passage will be done in from two to two and a half days, and the steamer will stay in port a few hours only." Punch recently gave a cartoon illustrative of rail way travelling in Tasmania, viz., a gentleman pre ferring to walk, to ridirig in ; the train, as he hap pened to be in a hurry. There is a dog: belonging to Dunolly that has frequently left this town simul taneously with the train foi Maryborough, and has been at the station there waiting, to receive his mas ter for some time befqre the train has arrived.— Dunolly Express. " At a certain church in Wellington (says a New Zealand paper) the Te Deura was sung to the music of the love duet in " I Puritani," and it is produced a highly original effect to hear the words, "We praise Thee, O God, we acknowledge Thee to be the Lord," chanted to the music so recently sang in thiscity to " Come, love, come let these arms enfold thee, my dearest, my only treasure 1" A rather singular case of a horse " coming home td'die"'i8 detailed in -an exchange. ; The animal in question was known by the name of Lad of the Lake, and was about thirty years old at the time of its death. It had been out at grass for the last two or three years, and made its way to its owner's 1 place on Saturday night. The yard gate being closed, the .poor o!d: horse qamly -laid dow.n just alongside the gate, "and died.' This 'was its first ap- earance at home for two years. An unhappy Chinaman named. Ah Tack went to the Eastern lofck tip5 on Monday -and- refused to go away, saying that he was starving and had no place to go to, and so. under the circumstances, he was locked tip as a'.,vpgrant, A'h .Tgck is : the unfortu nate who was shot in the face some time ago by a larrikin named Richards. Since 'hen his sight has been gradually fajiing ant| he is nearly blind, and his sole hope now seems to lie in his gaining ad mission to the Benevolent Asylum,— Ballarat ; W, His Honor Sir John sm i 9h Hong Kong, and Ladv Small- i- H Wednesday, and afterwards V' "IB of Mines with all the expressed, themselves hi»hiri Hi John recorded his visit in the Barnard acted as cicerone W /H the Masonic Hall, and other li! H town, were inspected, his BonoX'B with what was shown him. s Smale returned to MplKm,,' L . Jcii) ir,i milam Post. yieeOM It is not always well to be too raw H company of ghosts, remarks the 7 EVi%- B time since the town inspector oi W"pi passing through the local cemetenaSkB night, was somewhat startled bv th ;ki"B pearance of a spectre, which he at I ivB with his walkingstick. It was soon V?B the sprite was no less a personam .t, '--W h®'Gre8T n hh" "t- sued the inspector, and obtained Jo'h ' '-B £3 5s, It costs is but fair to add thein-n 1 B he was being made the subject of when he was startled in the cemetery A sad acciilent, says the , pened on Sunday last to Mr Wil|iarr n',:!>B about 20 years of age, son of Mr J r n 'J9 of Vectis. East. The unfortunate vouv 'B out- rabbit shooting about four o'clock " '"H afternoon in company with his vou J'' They saw a rabbit run into some bush3-' elder brother pushed the butt 0f a foil \ ''!fl the trigger of which was down at ihe , HI the brush, and pulled it in and w. to drive the rabbit out of the biu'b must have caught in the brush, >„d „/ CB charge was lodged in the young man's ii,:, /H some ol the shot, which was of rather '! passing clean through his body. Sou al- in the arm, which must have beet crl S side. The little boy who was present wh«--'B accident occurred, started for home iVfoh "9 parents of the sad event, but on his WJvr:|9 another brother on horseback, who galloped down and conveyed the uufortcnj/® man to his house. He was aftewartl; the Horsham Hospital, where he arrived ' '® half past seven o'clock; Dr Steel wa< fo -?® dgnce promptly, and extracted about 20 ski/-® hia side. Although the injuries are of ./® severe nature, we are glad to report that n / .I late hour last night Mr Hofiraan had not esiri® any symptons of change for the worse. '9 An accident of rare occurrence took plac;-.-, -,B stage of the Mechanics' Institute, -av; thpfoCB Advertiser , and in a second a violin valued itl® was broken in three places, Mr N, Li Feri/jS the eminent violinist, sat down to piay JB companiment with Miss Herbert at the pis-CiB in the overture from the "Grand Ds4.9 Previous to this he placed his second ri/irJS of Mr John Devereux's make, ten years inuswj® the side of the piano, the lid of which rJH and only held up by a thin piece of wood s-s® on hinges, and attached to the musical ia-arniiB Just as Miss Herbert was playing the the piece, the lid suddenly fell and srn;/,i violin. The crash startled evervone, V-S Herbert's feelings may be better imaib; :'t)jS described as the lid passed unp'eiSimlyclo/otitM face, although fortunately without touch htfl The owner of t he violin could have bert ir«a down with a feather, for in a moment hi- undsa property was beyond the reach of rear:, f:« violin was placed on the piano lor use is the o--ia of a string breaking on the one .Mr L'.Fsiss'B was playing. Only musician!; can Mfciv: :£| loss sustained by the breakage of the ir,:?:'i:tS The " Grand Duchess" was given, but M nervousness iu both performers could h eota seen. jl A deputation, from Sandhurst, Caulemiir.:,it9 Ballarat, waited on the Minister of M::./, Ja Wednesday in reference to the application a '18 Burrowes for a lease of High street. Sardnus!, iifl the purpose of mining thereunder. It that power ought to beves-ed in feobu-a as the streets might be injured. Mr ML:® denied the right of local bodies in 'be raiii.-r. /-a much as minerals belong to the Cromi. ha: = ' -a that he would pay every attention toaiycoaiii ® recommended by local bodies. J At the Dunolly Police Court on Tiiedi)', Mr Orme. P.M., and Mr Cook F;"'| children were summoned by the bom. f ,s|| Bet Bet for not sending their children u J The correspondent, Mr J. G. Russell, wtt- produce written authority from the boiru |- '-f One case was dismissed, as it was show tiia child received proper education at home- - ' 1 others were withdrawn. I A discovery was made at the HoJsons Railway Station on Wednesday eve"'3 o'clock, which would seem to indicate ing crime has been perpetrated. -Llons'i e 'J nery, who is stationed at the terminus,' '!1 " 1 ing his usual rounds, discovered in one i) t J closets a'parcel containing the dead J female infants. The bodies were . . |.| up in some articles of women's iinderc o i placed in a pillowcase containing a quan 1 .1 ride of lime. The whole was then wtfP( ,J a copy of Ihe Argus of Aug. 3rd. removed the bodies to the HGOrgO© 1 examination showed that the clu'"ren.p. m parently about a week old, and were j seemed to have received some injury ""/'"j.;/ their skulls, but there were no external ' violence.. The constable, while on j> nothing which would throw any 'S j extraordinary occurrence.— A rgtts. It is tolerably evident, says .the .../, tactics, pursued by the Governmeii _ ,,;1 with the business of the House, tna i tions of, great importance cannot P0Ssl J! lated during the present session. 9((j .-j impression is that the anxiety to prs Electoral Bill is with this view, husiness that if this bill is once passed notnjVernisent''; or can be undertaken, and so the enjoy the advantage of a long recess, . j ( jng of a general election during office. Last evening the Premier ther he would allow an opportu111'!' c/r discussing the administration of ' ,e gji# in reply he said that when the ®'e disposed of he would be in a je9 s'- answer the question. This seen?e to wli'' i; doubt in the minds of hon. membe » real intentions of the Government w A statement has appeared in son!®0., appoi journals that Mr Panton, P.M > vt lio' secretary of mines. Weneei 1 ,SC1L datie» :!- assertion is entirely unfounded, , Jfij office being satisfactorily disc jg0 te ap" Coucliman, acting secretary. N0 ' . non - ment will be made until the re-oT& Th- Mining department has been cone in connection with the M'n'n" L pfccei-' diminished, the services of se" paru£i . beidii dispensed with. The co been to give notice to those w (3i recently entered the department. -r ( \- The number of Chinese lottery ,u3iy iiv'1', business in Melbourne is being g rflBi>t and unless act ion is is ags,n tliori-'- ; ;1 Argus, to suppress them by 8ssuC- evil will in a short time t|,ere weti' v former proportions. Last wee s banks in operation, an(1 3 , The No 4 Bank was re-ope" shops are crowded every h. usual customers. Tickets are sold in the drawings are. conducted -p" 7/000 pieces new patterns _Pal,eljB eleg®B>; rive shortly. iAll new design®' from one of the , leading Engfi and will be marked at very 1 _ cU'-'jO. per piece. AU kinds of Y indo" ' gTi>-Fi" | and packed to country orders, J. j Robson, 26 Sturt. Street Bathu'.' "Are dose hells ringing Simon of Tiberius. " No indeed, j " dey have got plenty of fire> a11 ringing for water." 