. HORTICULTURAL NOTES. The genial weather experienced of latehao had au enlivening effect on gardens gene rally, and the suburban gardens in the neigh borhood of Melbourne are rapidly assuming an appearance of gaietj*. Among tho3e Mr. Henty'a, ou the St. Kilda-roacP, though, pevhap3 not ao forward a3 some others in drier 3ituation3, h alreadj- in a very flori feroii3 condition. The zonal Pelargoniums are pretty well covered with flowers ;. among them are a nuinbsr of seedlings, some being good iu quality, while others are of ' bright color3 and suitable for bedding purposes. There are also a large number of autumn Bown annuals ju3t opening their flowers ; among others the aho wy Neinophyllas, insignia and di3coidali3, the pretty Nycterinia ca pen3i3, and Lepto3tphons lutea and rosea. Ixiaa are in perfection, also a fine blue Babiana, and a pretty dwarf Gladiolus. Gazania splenclen3, one of the most showy of bedding plant3, is beginning to make a bla~e when the aun shines on it. Verbenas are just in perfection ; among them Scott's Duke is one of the finest ; Lion Hunter has attained a prominent position in most gar dens, for though not nearly bo fine as its quondam rival Foshunter, being of a Btouter constitution, according to the lawof 'the Bur vival of the fittest,' it is to be found every where, while the inora delicate Foxhunter is only rarely seen. Some 6ae foxgloves are iu flower aud aho Stafcice Binuata, an excel Ien3 border plant. Among 'shrubs Raphio lep:3 ovata and the Guoldre3 Rose are very handsome. The conservatory is gay with Cinerarias, Calceolarias, Mimulns (in great variety and very beautiful), Azaleas, several new and good aorta ; among them are Pieine de Pay3 Bas, a light-colored flower, and Re me de Portug.il, a fine red ; Primula ver ticillata 13 handsome, and Boronia tetrandra ia quite a gem; a plant of the Chinese Litchee ia in flower. Trop:oolum Brilliant is exceedingly bright and beautiful. In the plant stove the specimen plants are looking health}' and making a fine growth, though aeveral were injured through failures in the heating apparatuB. A nice plant of Phalojnop3i3 grandiiiora was in -flower. In the bush hou3e a large collection of Camelias are mating a fine growth. In the kitchen garden are good crops of peas ; Beck's Little Gem ia very good, and Imperatrico Eugenie ia Still better. The flower garden has had soveral improvements effected since last season, and the place altogether reflects much credit on the gardener, Mr. Sangwill. A uew rose which is likely to take a place in collections h»3 lately been exhibited by tha rai3er, the well-known Mr. Thomas Bourbon class, and ia of a eilvery peacb. color, well filled, of good form, and with stout petals. j In tho American Gardeners' Monthly for September, mention 13 made of a fine early peaoh named Alexander, which, for earliness and excellence is said to be ahead of all com- ; petitora. It ripeu3 ten days earlier than Early Beatrice, and is fully'twice as large ; while fruit of it would oell in the market for fifteen cents, the Beatrice would not Bell for one cent. The flarao periodical gives a figure of Triteleia laxa, a fine Ciilifornian. Liliaceous bulb, which we have not scon iu the colony, though it is certainly worthy of being intro duced. The stem grows eighteen inches to two feet in height, ia quite straight, slender, aud bears a tlozen to fifty llosvers in an ambol. The flowers are trutnpot-shayed, two to four inches in length, and one to two inches iu diameter at the mouth ; they arc of various shades of blue, are slightly, fra grant, nnd altogether magnificent. The bulbs are ratVer email ; tho leaves are seldom more thau two in number, about half an inch in width, and eighteen to twenty four inches in length. The bulbs arc found six inches deep in the ground. Among the numerous subjects which are annually Buhinitted to trial iu the Chiflvvick Gardens of the Horticultural Society of London are zonal Pelargoniums, of which no loss than 107 varieties aro grown for judgment and comparison. Of these, a writer in the ^Gardeners' Chronicle gives his opinion J;hat if the collection was reduced by about 150 a good neloction, quite numerous enough as far as variety is concerned, would rftiYlJUll ? nnfl nnmoa i-.tir* fr\\] Utfmf. «n xi,_ most desirable : — In tho crimson and scarlet flowered aection there aro two distinct types of double flowora— one with large flat flowers, in which the single pip iB repeated, with an irregular centre of emallfir iloreta ; and the rosette type, of which Jewol ia a conspicuous representative. The rosette -flowered va rieties have one common fault— they do not display their flowers nicely, though eome do this better than others, Tho best of thoB° forms are Jewel, deep bright scarlet ; La Nojgre, purple rose, distinct and fine ; Meteor Flag, bright rosy scarlet, full and good ; and B. S. Lowe, scarlet. Of the flatter-flowered ; typeo, the following ore the best forms among the purple-crimaoD, crimson-scarlet, and cerise flowers -.—Depute Vrou, crimson purple, close truss ; Charles Darwin and Le Progres, very much alike, coni'so in flower but bright in point of color ; Orion, very bright scarlet ; J. C. Rodbard, coriae-ecarlet, a pretty iiuo of color ; Greillon Macigilli, roao- purple, shaded with orange, semi-doublo, bold flowers and fine ; Carl Glyn, a capital variety, haviug large full bright orange ncarlot flowers ; Aurora, very bright in coior, being palo ocarlet, thin in tho flowers, but having quito the old Tom Thumb habit ; Beaorire, .rosy cerise, good; M. Guigueaa, pale cerise-acarlet, dwarf and free, and an excellent closo habit; EdouardLequin, ceriae scarlet, dwarf, free, and showy ; August Villaumo, pale cerise- 3carlet, dwarf and fine ; Illuminator, deep scarlet, very fine ; and Annie Laxton, shaded scarlet, very fino. Of the piuk-flowered eection the beat are Madame Ecndatlor, purple piak ; Anna Montel, deep pink, good ; La lleaerviste, pale pink, large flowers, nnd fine bold truss ; Madame Thibaut, purple piuk ; Sylphid, delicate pink, very pretty and attractive ; Koemie, deep lilac-pink, probablj' the darkest of all, very tine ; Madame Mioha9l Buchuer, an improved Madame Lemoine, dwarf and fine ; nnd Souvenir de Lyon, clear pink. One of the most distinct is Emilie Lemoine, of a dark carmine salmon hue. Of salmon doubles the beat are Asa Gray, orange-salmon ; Carl Yogi, dcop salmon ; Francoi3 Pirtusati, salmon edged with white, Le Constitution, dark salmon ; and Louis Boutan, a dark salmon, very good. Of what may be termed flesh-colored flowers there are two, viz., Alice Crousse, the flower3 resembling full double forms of apple blossom ; and carnea plena, pale flesh. The white varieties are all put out of court by the advent of Madame Amelia Baltet, without doabt the purest, a3 in :ill probability it is the most double of the white varieties yet introduced. The Ghost has the appearance of a ghost flushed with wine, for the flowera are much tinted with pink. 