Two Days Among the Mountains. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) Those in Australia who cannot "do" the grand tour of the Alps and the Rhine have within easy reach scenery presenting so much that is wild, picturesque, and beau- tiful, that it forms a very good substitute for those dis- tant and more celebrated sights. Having made up a party for a trip up the Nepean and Warragamba rivers, we reached Penrith about 7 p.m, and were soon at home in the hospitable house of our friend, Mr. Squires. Here everything was found in the way of good living and comfortable accommodation that tourists could de- sire, and with appetites sharpened by the fresh country air, a dinner fit for an emperor was rapidly despatched. Early next morning preparations were afoot for a start up the river, and our friend having placed on board a lavish supply of provisions, the boat was quickly got under weigh. The passage from the fine bridge which here crosses the Nepean to the Breakfast Rock is about four miles, the banks of the river being overhung in places with willows and other shady trees, while on one side the view of the plains is uninterrupted for miles, VIEW ON THE WARRAGAMBA, and on the other may be seen the slender arches of that picture in stone, the viaduct of the Knapsack Gully Zig-zag, which shows out magnificently with its dark background of mountains. Landing at the Breakfast Rock, our morning meal was speedily prepared and heartily enjoyed. Nearly opposite Breakfast Bock is a deep gorge in the rocks, where the finest echoes imagi- nable may be heard. The words are repeated with wonderful distinctness, and when one of the party played a few solemn strains upon the concertina, the echo returned the music as from a multitude of Æolian harps. The harmony was weird and beautiful, and its effect upon the ear was novel in the extreme. After leaving Breakfast Rock the river suddenly narrows, and the then sluggish Nepean winds its silent way between mountains of great height on either side. The savage grandeur of the scenery here is in striking contrast to the sylvan softness of the previous few miles. The passage is through, as it were, a series of narrow lakes, each of which is seemingly shut in by mountains, which at first apparently prevent further progress. There are thus varying, but beautifully pic- turesque, views always before the eye. Many of these everlasting hills are several hundreds of feet in perpen- dicular height, and are covered to the very summit with trees and shrubs, which spring from every crevice. Erskine Creek is about half-way between Break- fast Creek and the Warragamba, and here for the first time is heard the splash of water to break that pro- found silence which is so characteristic of the Australian bush. Down the creek, the crystal sparkling waters rush in tiny torrents through fissures, over rocks, and between huge boulders which have come from the tops of the mountains in ages long since passed away. The wattle being in bloom gave a grateful fragrance to the air, and a variety of colour, hitherto sought in vain, added another charm to the variety of the landscape. After rowing for another two miles, the "Rapids" are ap- proached, and here considerable difficulty was experi- cenced in pulling and dragging the boat past them, owing to there having been a fresh in the Warragamba. Once safely past them, the boat was securely beached, and everything taken ashore to the top of the hill called "No Man's Hill," just above the meeting of the waters, where the night was to be passed. Visitors here will find it almost necessary to "blow," not quite metaphorically, as they ascend the steep incline to the house which stands on the mount. The scenery is here very suggestive. Sombre mountains tower in all directions, while hundreds of feet below rush the turbid waters of the Warragamba, until they meet the clear waters of the upper branches of the Nepean, which form a perfectly clear line marking their junction until, with a rush, they mingle in one dis- coloured stream, and thus form the lower Nepean. The ravages of past floods have left their indelible marks far above the present level of the river, and it must be a sight of awful grandeur to behold the river when in flood. Years ago the owner of the land on which we camped was swept remorselessly away by one of these floods. The scenery of the Warragamba is truthfully depicted in the accompanying illustration, its channel is much narrower, and far more rocky and broken than the Nepean, and the rocks and crags which form its banks are more rugged, precipitous, and barren. The current is also more perceptibly felt on the boat. Here the effects of the combination of silence and solitude are so greatly intensified that the effect is almost oppressive. Here and there tracks of marsupials could be perceived, but only one representative of the kangaroo, the wal- laby, or the wombat was seen, while the screech of the cockatoo was heard but at intervals few and very far between. Landing on the rocks bordering the stream, we were shown the entrance to the cave of the noted bushranger Donoghue, where, from his hole in the wall of almost perpendicular rock, he long bade defiance to his pursuers. Returning to the hut, preparations for the night were soon made, and, rolled in blankets or rugs, and resting upon pillows of stone, the party slept the sleep of the just till morning. Awaking ere the rays of the sun had topped the mountain, the mist could bo seen rising like a curtain from the waters until it formed a fleecy cloud between the hills; this beautiful sight lasted only till the sun caught it, when, like Hamlet's ghost, " it dissolved into air, and vanished." This was very novel and beautiful. Everything made snug, the return journey waa begun, and during their course down stream the party had some good sport in duck shooting. The scenery, as seen on the downward trip, was varied in its aspect, and presented many new features of bare and perpendicular rocks and precipices, some of the views looking like the portals of a mighty temple - their wasted buttresses and pinnaoles appearing as if about to topple over, and in one place looking like an enor- mous round table that needs but a very little leverage to send it crashing down to the river's edge. The whole journey can be very comfortably accomplished in two days and if, as intended, Mr. Squires should establish a steam-launch for plying up the river, the trip from Sydney to the Warragamba could be easily accom- plished in about twenty- four hours, while for invalids or others requiring change of air, with perfect quiet, a more enjoyable variety of scenery and occupation could not be wished for. 