The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20. The circumstances attending the death of Maria Wright, upon whom an inquest was held at the Hospital, on Saturday last, are such as call for a word or two of comment. It appears from the evidence that the de ceased was a poor widow, honest, aofaer, and industrious, who was quietly eanmg her livelihood, and would have performed her humble part on earth, and passed away without attracting public notice, had not I her .last illness overtaken her in one of the, squares of this chy. For 12 or 14 years she had been in the employ of a mattresa maker, whose establislimentie in Morphett etxeet. She was thoronghly temperate, that is, she was not given to drinking', but liked a glass of beer occasionally. On the 15th, which, until the change came in the afternoon, was a fearfully hot day, her employer observed that she seemed'drowsy, and advised her "to go home and nave a sleep." She had some time previously complained of the violent action of her. heart, and expressed a belief that she would some day die from disease of that organ; but the pMt-mrUm showed that the heart was not 80 very seriously affected, but that she died from congestion of the I lungs. However, the exact cause of 1 death is not material to the ob ject of this article, which is simply to deprecate the readiness die police dis played to assume that the poor woman was intoxicated, simply because they found her lying on the footpath. She had taken the advice of her employer to go home, and must have been seized with the attack which proved fatal almost immediately after leaving the shop, for within a quarter of an hour she was found by a constable prostrate and helpless in the square, with the fierce heat of the sun on one of the hottest days ever known in this colony beating upon her. The constable "told h?r to get up," but ebe was speechless, as she remained tall her death. She had a. bruise on the cheek, which she received when ehe fell, her dollies were die arranged, and the top of her parasol was broken. Whether she had fallen and lay' still, in which case the north wind then blowing would account for some disorder in her garments, or had struggled in a fit, is not of much conse quence; there does not seem to have bean anything in the appearances, more than in hundreds of cases of sudden illness, to denote drunkenness. Unfortunately Mis. Wright was seized by illness in ih& street, whereupon she was seized as an inebriate by the police. They found that she could not stand, so they laid her down again, and sheltered her head with a parasol, until a cab could be brought; then took the poor sufferer to the Police Station, where she was placed in a cell, a blanket put under her head, and water sprinkled over her. In the course of an hour, as she began to breathe heavily, her condition alarmed die police, and she was sent to the Hospital, and died there about 20 minutes after admission* Here is material for sensational writing, in which the deceased woman might be described as a victim to the shocking heart leasness of the police, who, instead of ox tending to her the lrimlmMw of the good Samaritan, and the chivalrous protection that man should ever afford to woman, calumniated her, dragged her away to the lockup, instead of carrying her to the Hospital, and provided her with the atten tions of the police- sergeant, instead of the treatment of the physician. This statement of the facts of the case wouldbe literally true, but given without any qualification would be undoubtedly unjust. The police, we are sure, had no intention of behaving with in humanity; in fact, their conduct proved the contrary. Proceeding upon the as somption thatthewoman was merely suffer- , ingfrom the effects of drink, they did all that could be expected under such circumstances, and as soon as they saw danger they sent her to the Hospital for medical aid. We i de not think it snrprisiqg either that the j police should now and then mistake illness j for inebriety. Almost daily arresting per- i sons for intoKkation, n couroiwiLte pro portion of tketr arisonen vt helpless, mud not a few in the course of tin yew un coiisaou^aadiuisbfetoactKrfafe. Tfcihe casual observer Mrs. Wright nnghtnot hare appearedinany morealanningeoiidisisntha? do many votaries of Bacchas a few hours before they par their offerings at the ehrizw where Mr.Beddome presides. 'WHlegmnt ing all this, however, we do not dude the police should be satisfied with a mereeasaal ohsefi*tk>niaeu&csai;?. Tltffrt?xiM re fii?t the tendency to take it for granted that all sadden ttinea, or incapacity In thestreet, is necessarily connected with alcoholic ex cess. Whether Mrs. Wri^t'c Ufe right have been prolonged bad she received pro per treatment when fiirt dacovered on the footpath, we wHI not pretend to say, but we can eaaUy imagine cases *in which tibe alternative of instant medkal at tendance or an hour in the police cell may make all the difference between life and death. It is a most serious and tmjastifiable thing, on feeing a person unable to stand or speak, to take it for granted that be or she is drank, and commit the sufferer to the caatody of a constable instead of to the care of a payst dan; and yet this h exactly what was done in the case of Iba. WrigkL The police bad sot sees her at any poblio house; ttey smelt so liquor about ber; yet because of bar otter prostration con cluded tbat she wasintoadeated. Iladshe recovered it ought have caosedber areat pain to think she bad been arrested oa a charge of drunkeo?ees, aad carried to the Polke-Stotion. With aome prospect of a very hot summer, it is desirable that the guardians of life sad property afcovld be a little mote careful than in this iastaaee, or eotcp de m&3 mm have apeaal terrors for people having in this city so friends who can identify them, and who, ff suable to save their lives, will protect tour repata tiona. The last enemy, or, a* some wwild ratier say, tiw happy release, nay arrive at all seasons and in all phces, aad a fdlow^cnatoie nay be smitten down in the highway as well as in his own borne, the boose of a friend, the field, or the mait. Mr. Lowe, ia hi* de fence, of the London Constabobny, oxged that it was not xeasonable to expect from men receiving the pay of a few abiOiags a day modi skill in diagnosis, and id tius we quite agree; bat then it is a conclusive reason why they should not be too ready and offhand with a decision ia eases that require the exercise of such ?talent. We axe glad to hear that the University Council approve* of the MggM&m; we made a week or two since about a emg£e Museum for the betitute tad tie Univer sity. Atameetangof theCo«nril,heKlon Friday last, two rwolutkwi were unani mously carried, the one affirming the inex pediency of having mote than one Maseom • for the province, and the other appointing certain members to confer with the Go veraoxs of the Institnte shoot Ihe whole question. We do not for a moment doubt that the result of the conference will be to amalgamate the inteMrt? of the two great educational institutions, lit wfll be the height of folly, and will be sue to be fol lowed by marked public disapproval, if the public funds should be wasted by the erection of two separate Museums aad the cost of a double supervision. In our pre vious article we restored to recommeaa that the Institnte should give way to the University, and not cany oat its intended project. This we still think would be the bestpUn, though there can he no serious objection to the formation of a single National Museum, which might re present both, and indeed any other society which might consider that it ought to tan part in such a work. If we are rightly informed, the plans of the new Institute, as well as those of the University, incfadfr a large space to be devoted to a Museum. One or other mast give way, or both mmjt agree to mage their claims in aliases* which might well in every respect deser* the name of National Why could not die piece of land between the University grounds aad the Institute, if it is targe enough, fee derotedjto this purpose? A eepanUe building aught be gradoaflj erected, as in Melbourne, in which all the various objects gathered aad to be gathered would form a popular and ataeetzac collec tion. It would be a great mistake if profes sional learning aloae wen to' oft re garded in the formation of the in tended Museum. The gnat success of the South Kaaoogtoa Mmeum lies in the fact that an atfeemft has been made to popularise the vanoos de partmeat? of human teaming. CSaaatfi catkm ? a neceostty,aDd bard aad Ion? words 'are obliged to be aaed in adestzfic nomenclatare, but it is poss?ae, witaoat sacrifice of utflity, to briag the vast resalts of human research within the gcasp«f the ordinarily edacated mind. Foremost in a National Museum would come a collection of objects to illustrate the natural history sciences. Minerategy woold oone frit of 'all, and what a splendid array of minerals and metals we might get from our raiaes and hiUs. Few couatries am richer. Fabulous wealth is waiting for extraction from the soil of South AmAHp,, From the zeal of the professor of natural science we may fairly hope in a year or two to obtain a good geological collection. Hub would be of jwitiiww—i value in ?««**—««y the regions in which alone the search for certain metals and minnrals could be aoc ceesfully carried on, besides informing the scientific student of the past aad pre sent coaditue of thai part of the globe. To Dr. Scliomburgk, the indefatigable director of the Botanic Gardens, we a^ght fcurly look far help in the department devoted to botwj. It the flora of Am tnitt wmld notJaigaiy incnaseH* Bat rf ■ernceahfe plants, at all eventa it i* snk|a? and inteteating-, whSe • bets*** ?oflei ticm f illii«tnUiTerf«Ua«>dbi?f??*at««>B4 - for food and in the arta, woi&beof; gnat benefit to fhi> agitudmh* aaHis plaater. from Mr. WitobMe, tie) rihiihffieai>l satmaliat, cantor of oar BBaaeat aaolaay for a Ihna, wr ahoalA hit* gnttfce% in calkcluy aadanaapag O?«ait sndfi taaW-^f frae& thaaMasid-BP to sum* that -—VT iiiwii Mm ■ i—ii nf —J—■ We usdecatand tktttiMii assAer of oniidfy VM**Nd apeta****-* Ik hid** away in damn asd basaa, wiling oafL for space to und their glories. At ma%tfaj* date w« abaft ha*aaa?*li cal aAoolfecmnec** witfcti* tfnmMity, and there nu^teadtfertncatoff?Mod aai amiar (to ootupan gnat tfcinys wk*' amaU)totfa«twk>difmMMeb«wc«otlw nninitktod ia Oe MamMi of Oe fo^al College of Sugeom. A wdi itiyrimnal dwuW be derotoi to the ranto «(««?■ aoofie nrati^atioa. And here we wnr hopeiobwTWpfew. Dr. Wfcitt^wfco (tends pniMpast thehni^f tb? «ha|> m«ii«l£ac«lty of Asrfnlfcinkbfcb*** kdge of tin «Mt wfiiilart *o?efc «t •natooucal acieaee. We apwtlMnre > too,?il < nwiilni W H jinuiui to wiiatM tailed tednied rmhi, vador which we Ao^drAftmmoUUtoiUmmait the Tcriottt cagaweria^ nd «flMr <Man thu«^ of nsM?f, nndni of acnnritHkt •ntednMU, wteif^lattlMiii, Ac, *S at whidi wwdd be of the «taort ntee to the ««i?enaj atadoit. To tik, t^ ad^bt be joined « aeriw of ttoicb I* illuttMto a?MrfaetoxM «JnaaV ia cpaaar (kmbere,orof«aefc a« angMlw ffladj ti, winmtoetingamemgvmmxm. ft it iiay ■*fatetooT«9Mstimite tk? vateafaadkaa eihibitio? ia det^ofiaf ike lam&m; gtMumHK W JVHuMm W? it mm uiwr wl^g way iitucii abwcfc with ifceedawtHnacolle?tio?ia the SWk Ecnsb?to? iftMma, h wkiA we coal* aa? in an boar or two all the chief -irfinifi derned by the aciealtfe adMobuMtar lor bringing; jmowjeage ontof the ■atliaU lata the concsete. We ventsre to neeanuad totheOoondiof Edwatio? the fanostiaa of « Hadkr coHectaoa io the ffeath. AjMiaa- Ab to aidueology, and me other Mia TrrfTTHHtr fidtln nf liaiiiiiij^ wranajbacaa teat without them for eanejeata. Modapa diaDovay of the past has bean a* gnat aai so rapid that en* the BrHuk Mnacaat tan pot fad space for the tavaanraa offandfor its af \ f irtaiifK xuuaecuiaofy remaxk? of on are mt ia tended to show with any dqpeeofcoph fletenMe wlwt oar Maaeai abadd he, bat only to show that if weave to have caw a* all commestfonUe with the nqaonneati of modern knowledge, it most be foaadedbj O>ec?opaa«ionofaa t aadaatbi?d??udbjr the jealousy of any. Q>d /«* ?w «Hm, foot pert. Dr. Haa^ton hat bee?aflWtntadaediml officer at the Walkcw CM« nnajiail. ia plaoeof Pr.abaH,*iotaeii. We bam received Meem. HoweQand Sotfb Bayal BssA OwtmHaa Olwaaac Jar 1877. WcoadCTateodthatMr.Qeo. Oadbtoabai Cfaanbiaai«(%. Tina afteznooa) tba aasaal diatobatiaa of Oo?ejc wiM a? ?ade at the BMfraiiaat laiilaM HalL AoJeof fancy g^odtvSl be op?aeita d?y ia the I«cta? Hall «f Hw VSateMana* BapliatCan?h. Thepwwfa?fll ha iiiHlai tsdieaaaaKfaad. Tbe annual diatnUctaoe of nrim a onanrrfina «Hh the Kortfc AitiwMti Qmmamr a^aalwai late plae?tld* ataman a* Wlalttfa A sew proocaa far danfyuw case tajaa TliT JjjaCajQanii asiai last Hx.laaaa,af We mm nfo?ated by Mr. J. t*. SasMMd tiuiiiiw.lliai lir.B.^aMM.Jjr^h??^aaa 1300, nd that He. til i «aa?y.iJr^taaT nnrniaiwllTlllOaiiaaiii aW teAVaf iha Oh?- Sm'p Ifwajilal |?8 JBiissif J6wa¥ atrtat that As isasaat waa bald by Mr. E. HL •^^^l^j^_ _1T la^ ai?^a^B??asa\ flahaULaasr alfaaw?^BSS.K her la, «a the ha*r af aTrim aiaiil Oini ami atawbn fltaV ■a^afl ■^a^ak b^b^b^bl'■fta^a^l n^a^ [ OmCIT ■*■■% ■Mf?WaC* «a* JSa^ MVaWMMaft •■aY dktof dirf fiM riail ■—« | Itkatatod fa^yaiawiliaaaarthata ! ahefteatwrig?ypiaeaiwaha wiref «Maia i Wk ■^••■■■Bi?wai?WaW^^^pi^^ vasw a^ssW^P^y We hare noaM ftoat MeaamGa?aa aad WMay a paato* fW«f«he peaWaa, w^ o W r?jMD«Mitaiai.ier the whwae at ifcW. If, BamaV ♦■15 BMi "?a^ •■sbbbbsbbbbssbsbbw asai— xaaged, —d iadaJe tbaat af vanes* af a& We bare recerred * copy of SawtoHVi Keaskal Afaaeaac for 1077. Vhai h\ the math hsaa af thai nalr aaaMaaAaasaj littfebock.whkfcha.l i f lywaiayafwr : ■■F Vtf?a •Ham «aM |VbmMbV s?* W£ «m^a> aHaHVfMBBaaSM *— *^^B *^bsJ^^bv> j*gMs^aass?s*te Swte at the faaaa* fame. In tefaiiiMr to the raoest botwealhar, i the tfowmnfr tfcrwtd. rf Deaaatbar l%ataaM thatat?aiaW ■ataafy«id the aaHali aa* I aMfer ia tbe havsia «f atta, bat «** fha i wadhita., which aiiiMiarti) had 11 mail at af i I ■*-■ ■** - IaLJiM. tils Bsas?Sssai eW4sM asjalil?Mtm^JMH?tt MlLa"*llwia« avvsssscs* ■?? ssssjv ssqbsjbssbst—^bsss^ tefaOasddie. Tbe caee of Spaajo t. Tbe WaTbssja Dietriet Oaaaeil wae oaatiasad at the lesasse Owrtwi Tawa?T. Dm aaii w !•. bat ie aa« ja? \-- ?*_ .* sc- J^—J-^ttrj—^? sssss; assmt BB^MBfJBVK* AaaW SSSJBSBSSBSSSSSrBB VjBBBBBI SBSBW- B^SIW SSSSRSSHS 1 tteeaatt,s?db>daftbeaeat wJUfceJaaaW. it? hujid a* alee haarl PetsomiatfladsHrto a&up;_fooda by tha ; eteaaMwJfayjllnibiil asCSaafaM^ bwr ing Port Adelaide on the 26th and 37th De cember respectively, are notified tint in conse- - queries of the approaching holidays, all cargo, muse be alongside not later than Saturday, December2B.. ■.. . - - ~ Mr. James Cowan, miller, of Two Welte, i met with an accident on Monday, Decem ber JB, whilst driving to Dublin. The bolt co&i;' nectpjgthe fore carriage of nis buggrgare way,' -ands&. was, thrown tpTwe ground. He Wr severely hurt, and ft is expeetetWhaf he win be laid up lor some weeks. Dr. Gefhing is attending him. !' -. c The %nayor of Port Adelaide (Mr.tK ' Bottp^lLP*) has EBtefred?Antli&atm; from the<3bvenunent to.the effect that thefingineer . of Harbors and Jetties has bean instructed to profesed with the erection of the necessary ap proaches «n both aides of the Port Greek, for the-J)KOPOBed ferry between, the Port and the , PenJ??ula. - ... . The examination of the thildren attend ing.^ PauF? Upper Schoolroom was held oh Tuesday afternoon, December 19, in the school room, Flinders-etreet. h The. Attorney-General (Honl J. C. Bray) occupied the chair. After thejjreflentatioo of the prizes, a few "encourag ing remarks were, addressed ,to the children by the chairman apd the Very Rev. Dean Russell Mr. Layard, Consul for New Caledonia, -desires, to 'caution English miners who go to that colony under contract to work in copper or -other mines, to be more particular %iHi regard to the terms of their contracts, and more espe. ciaHy to bring with them a duplicate copy of such conlract?, signed by both parties, so that, should any-difficulty arise, it may be the more readily solved. The Ministry have received a telegram from .the Government of New South Wales, suggesting that the conference respecting im prored telegraph communication with Europe, f>y having .duplicate cables, should be held in Sydney^, reason of this is that the New Bomtb Wales Parliament is in session. It was originally intended to hold theeonferenee efther' in Melbourne or Hobart Town. A deputation of ratepayere wtMtedupon the Lefevre's Peninsula District Council at their meeting on Monday, December 18, to urge the desirableness of a road being made to the northward of the jetty. After a warm dis cussion, in the course of which charges were anade of partiality having been shown in the expendfCore of "public money on certain roads, the council promised the deputation that the •natter -of the -road in question should be attended to. The setflers on the Broughton Extension axe badly off for water, many of them having to cart it norn 10 to 14 mHes. The ttortiurn Arms says :^-a Every day a number of farmers -with their teams may be seen at the Beosghton <3rbssfngfrom «arly morning titt tateat bight filKng- tanVs wit* water for their home supply. On-enquiry we wera informed that as a rule -each fanner was occupied two days in every week in procuring water for bis homesteads . The folTo^Tng is Tuesday morning's rmort «n the Adelaide and Port PaVw|ttjgty?%fa lane:—Beftana,not; Stxang waVtf fl?on, clesiEk hot i Peak& fine x Ohar- ■ Kn|4V waiuu. line; Alice opnngs, tew clouds: jiauuw^vraeK^^iear, very not; xosnaixt vreek, *ne; Po*bll Creek, fine; Daly Waters, dear, fine; Katharine,dear,hot; Pine Creek, clear, hot"; 'F«m Orebkj fine ; Southport, clear; Port Dfcrwx?yhot. - ■ ■ There is now'on view at the Town Sail Exchange Boom a large and handsome assort ment of Chinese and Japanese goods, imported by Mr. M.C.bavies. piiere are yarandah bpnds, chairs, baskets, elegant vases, some splendid silks, cab'inetware, jewellery, fcc.^all neatly arranged and so placed as to be easily inspected. These goods are to be sold by Messrs. Solomon & Sakm to-day and tomorrow-, «nd as they comprise flome articles especially useful in hot weather, we nave no doubt there will be a large attendance of purchasers. Travellers between Kalkabury and Moonta on Thursday last (says the Forte's Peninstda Advertiser) inform us that they saw Bumbers of parrots beneath the trees that had fs&en; dead from the effect of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of -covered Waterboles and tanks; and t^ie smaller kinds, with,a stcong instsnct of self- preserra tion, wept into boles in the ground, attempting * *b hide djemsdves from t*e intense heat of the «un. In and around Moonta also the feathered 4nbe suffered severely, ficoDes of domestic fowls having yielded up the ghost during the hot weatter that we bad on Thursday and Friday ast. A number of teachers and others have presented themselves for examination for teachers' certificates under the Council of Education. The examination began at the Model Schools on Monday, December 18, and will continue till Thursday or Friday. The examiners are Inspectors Hosking and Burgan. Nineteen male and 21 female candidates came forward for examination, and 'dot of these numbers 17 are students in the train ing school. The remainder are either in charge of schools, or else are candidates for employ ment. The results will be made known soon after the beginning of the year.^ At the Supreme Court on Taesday, December 19, the Primary Judge disposed of several important matters. -The demurrer in Ferret* v. Clark was upheld, and in Levi v. Avers disallowed. In the matter in re the assigned estate of Philip Levi & Co., on the petition of Willans, Overbury, & Co., His Honor decided that drafts drawn by a London branch on an Adelaide branch of the same firm are not l£lls «f exchange, and that 4he incident of re •eifnange <?os not attach to the documents. He therefore dismissed the appeal from the decision of the Commissioner of Insolvency with costs. The court, after Trying two consent decrees in administration raits, adjourned. On Tuesday, December 19, a carpenter in the employ of Mr. C. Farr, builder, named Charles EL Martin, fell from the roof ef Mr. I Accaman's house, at WaOcerville, a distance of j about 23 feet. Martin was rendered insensible fey the fall, and upon his speedy removal to the i Adelaide Hospital it was found that he had unstained a severe injury to- the left ankle, in addition to which he is supposed to have sus tained internal injuries. A laborer named Wm. Stephens, of Unley, fell from the rafters of a shed over which he was walking, at Unley. on Monday afternoon, December 18. by which his left leg was broken, Se was admitted into the Adelaide HospHalihe next day. . Tire members and someof thefriendsof the North Adelaide literary Association assembled .at the Lecture-Hall, North Adelaide, on Monday evening, December 18, to celebrate the dosing of thesession, 1876. Tea was provided, to which about SO persons sa* down. This number was afterwards increased to 100, who seemed to "thoroughly enjoy the entertainment provided \- Sot them. Photographs, microscopes, grapho ccopes, kaleidoscopes, and other scientific and mechanical instruments, together with several cariosities from foreign parts were exhibited, and draughte and chess, voltaic batteries, and electric machines were provided; added to which mere the charms- of vocal and instrumental nusic. The meeting was of a private nature, those who attended being present by special invitation. In Monday's issue we published a para-' .graph, extracted from the Argus, which stated' lhat the Minister of Agriculture and Education, while in Melbourne recently, expressed a wish to the Postma?ter-Oeneral of 'Victoria that the mail steamers, instead of calling«W3lenelg,T?ight "be allowed to call at a pb^tooresheltered, * little nearer Adelaide. 9' The Hon. Mr. Ward informs us that this is qrrite a mistake. All he did was, in the coarse of conversation, to ask the Postmaster- General whether be thought his "Government would offer any objection to the nail steamers, when the weather was rough, £ ing oa to the Semaphore, ated there tranship ping the maQs, by doing which, he pointed out, time would often be ean^L Vr. W«$L «ayi his never far •? ■«■—?* -"mtpmpiptH. suggesting, the abandonment of Glenelg. It has already been announced that the committee appointed «l a recent public meet ■Srfg havefeddressed «a invitation to lite Bey. A. Milne Jarvie,lateof the United Presbyterian XJhurcb, CtuJmen- etreet, Dunfermline, to the fonanSon of: a Presbyterian con gregation in North Adelaide. Mr. Jarvie had received urgent invitations to settle in Tas mania fend New South "Wales, but after full he has expressed his determina tion to accept the invitatiea^o North Adelaide. From the favorable impression already pro duced by the services which Mr. Jarvie has conducted the friends of the cause anticipate that a prosperous congregation will be formed in that part of the city. It is expected that Mr. Jarvie will commence his regular ministra tionsoo Sunday next. On Friday, December 15, the thud day of the intense heat with which the northern part of the Peninsula was visited last week, there were 170 casks of water sold from the Moonte binks. "On that day," «aye«ielocal paper, "we personally inspected the tasks, ascertained the quantify of water then on hand (over 500,000 gallons), and tested its quality. The latbet proved excellent, and fully evi denced the possibility of procuring a good and wholesome water-supply from enclosed sites selected in suitable situations. The general stock in the district is, we fear, getting low, and the demands now made upon the reserves by the residents in the surrounding disbiets of Kalkabury, Penang, and Green* Plains are so great that it is questionable whether ti*e 500,000 gallons will hist very long. It v most fortunate that these supplies were in existence, or ere this there would Mve been necessity for importing from Port Adelaide." About 4.30 p.m. on Tuesday the ketch Elizabeth Annie called in at <jlene% on her way to 'Port Pirie, and announced that she had found the exact position of the ill-feted schooner Postboy. The craft lies about six mflfcs WJ3.W. from the jetty, and the hull bean ST. tad 8. About 18 inches of tire topmast is visible at low tide-, and seeing something ap pearing above water, the ketoh sent her boat, and grappled the object with a boathook, but the gear made fast to parted, and not wishing to increase the delay, tire captain ran in to the Bay to report the matter to the authorities. The steamer Eleanor is engaged to proceed to the spot this morning with a view to taking proceedings for raising her, a feat which is not. likely to be attended with any very serious difficulty should the weather continue fine. We understand me vessel was insured in the Mercantile Marine Offices for £1,000, about half her value, and that thejowners have abandoned her. A lamentable accident happened at Brownhill Creek on Tuesday afternoon, Decem ber 19, by which a market gardener, named Adolph Siegmund, lost his life. Information was given at the Police Barracks at about 8 o'clock in the evening by a man named Samuel Morris, and P.T. Pascoe was immediately dis -patched to the scene of the accident. From his report we learn that the deceased was a strong, healthy young man of about 32 years of age, and had a wife and four young children. He was found on the Brownhill Creek-road, one mile and a-half from Mitcham, at about 6 o'clock, by a market gardener named Thomas Williams. The deceased was proceeding home with a dray load of manure, when it is supposed that the dray capsized into the creek while be was asleep on top of the load. The body was found covered with the manure, and to all appearances suffocated. The deceased was greatly respected in the neighborhood, and much sympathy is felt for the widow thus suddenly bereaved. P.T. Pascoe had the body removed to the Edinburgh Inn, Mitcham, where an inquest will doubtless be held to-day. A meeting of the members of the Glenelg Yacht Club was held in the office of the Hon. T. Elder, M.Ti.C. (commodore), Grenfell-street, on Tuesday afternoon, December 19. The Hon. T. Elder presided. The following officers were appointed for the ensuing year.-—Commodore, Hon. T. Elder, MJLC; vice-commodore, Sir Wm. Milne, PX.C; hon. secretary, Mr. W. Jt. Wigley, MJ\; hon. treasurer, Mr. W. Mair, Ji\; committee, Messrs. S. Cornish, JJ\; C. M. Muirhead, W. L. Beid, F. G. Bucknall, and J. P. Boucaut, M.P. The following new members were admitted :— Messrs. Andrew Tennant, Jj?., S. W. Smith, J. Bagot, C. Bagot, Boss Beid, W BL Bundey, and S. J. Skipper.' The opening day of the season was fixed for December 28th, and it was arranged that on January sth the race for the silver cup, valued at £40, should take place. It was decided that the course should be from Glenelg round the hulk Fitzjam.es off the Sema phore, thence past Glenelg round a boat anchored off Marino, and finishing opposite the Glenelg Jetty. The course thus laid down is a distance of about 30 miles. The treasurer re ported that he had a balance of £36 3s. 3d. in hand, and that the whole of the subscriptions for the current season amounted to about £l§o. A new Chassenot rifle, the Army and Navy Gazette states, is being tried at Yincennes. It differs from the existing weapon in the needle being replaced by a striker, and in the suppression of the indiarubber washer, and of the screw of the breech, the gun thu? oeing simplified to the breech action and an ex tractor. ' The small notches placed on the shoe render it impossible for the gun to go off accidentally; unless the breech of the barrel is closed; and the extractor, which is very strong, and which works freely from the breech of the barrel to the shoe, acts as a: locking screw to the former. The breech action is dismounted by merely pressing, against the trigger. It is said that this system can be applied to new as well as to old guns, and that its simplicity makes it particu larly useful for newly-organised troops. It was after a report made to the Minister of War last' April that the latter ordered those experiments to be made. Thenew weapon requires a metal lic cartridge, and the advantages claimed for it are its being less complicated, stronger, safer, and cheaper than the Chassepot of 1874* the transformation of which cost from 30 to 22 francs, whereas the present change can be adapted to a gun for only four francs; Another advantage is said to be that no special machinery is required in the making, and that private manufactories could do the work, so that all the rifles now w use might, if necessary, be transformed in a tew weeks. In an article on " overcrowded habita tions," the Kaptatda Herald, in ite latest issue, says:—"ln Mildred-street, just above Dr. Blood's, is a small galvanised iron wheat store, in which there are no windows, no facilities for cooking, no water supply, and no outdoor accommodation. In this up to a day or two back no less than three families have been living, they not being able to obtain any better shelter. In addition to the six adults, there were nine children, one of the latter oE whom has been very HI for some time past, the only wonder being not that she was ill, but that any of the inmates of suoha habita tion were well. And, in addition, we hear that one of the mothers was in a condition requiring the enjoyment of all the comforts and conveniences of civilised life rattier than putting up with the which must have attached to such overcrowding in so un suitable a dwelling, inconveniences some of which we cannot even allude to much less men tion, but which will readily suggest themselves to those of our readers who are in tiie enjoy ment of dwellings that secure possession of the comforts and decencies of domestic life. We imagine that few of our readers will have thus early forgotten the intense heat which pre vailed last week, and in remembrance of it let them strive to picture the condition of 15 per sons—one a sick child—living in a small gal vanized iron building. The gentleman who has informed us of the facts mentioned in the preceding remarks in connection with the wheat-store states that at midday on Thurs day last fiie temperature in this modern dwell \- ing, as shown by "an accurate 'thermometer, was. 117?. The coolest room in kuch weather as we have recently experienced Is far too hot to be pleasant; but let those who' grumble even when in possession of all the comforts ofe decent dwelling shire to realise in imagination what must have been the condition of these familial daring the ex cessive heat in such an oven as that. We might mention also that there is no water in connection with the stare,--and for their supply ot this most precfawi? element the families were dependant on the kindness of the neighbors. Not vary mauy.plersons knew of their condition; but of those who did we are in formed l&at; Mes^. Keaerry^Trevaakia, and ihiem did all they could to Supply the wants of the new arrivals, whilst Dr. Blood was most un remitting in his attentions to the sick child, and for the kindness shown "by all these gentlemen . the families expoess themselves very grateful. They have new succeeded in obtaining some better accommodation; but with so teany new arrivals pouring in upon us, othera, like them, will be only too glad to obtain even the'shelter of this wheat-store rather than be entirely homeless." An interesting exhibition of paintings is now on view at the Town Hall Uefreshmant Boom. The pictures are about 40 in number, and are the worte of various artists, British and colonial. Six of them are by mr. H. S. Johnstone, whose beautiful paintings of colo nial scenery have for some montns past excited so much admiration in Adelaide. Three of the six have not, we believe, been hitherto ex hibited, and are worthy of special notice. The finest is a view from beyond the Eagle-on- the- Hill, Mount Barker-road, looking down the Waterfall Gully on to the plains,, one of the loveliest pieces of scenery in South Australia. The drawing of the picture is almost faultless, out we venture to say that had Mr. Johnstone introduced some of those fine aerial effects for Which his paintings are so celebrated—given a little more warmth and variety of coloring to tihe'foreground, brought out with greater bold ness the mas?esof roped rocks on the hillsides, and depicted the plains and the distant waters of the north Arm of the Port with mere clear ness, the general effect would have been im proved. Nevertheless, the picture is a very fine work of art, and such a one as we seldom see from the brush of a colonial artist. The per spective is excellent, and Ore lights and shades are well managed, but there is almost too much of the tint of "twilight grey" over the whole landscape, though the shadows only fust cover Hie bottom ef the gully. We trust the talented artist will excuse our, making -these remarks. -The same Observations do not apply to the more modest looking little painting by the name skilful hand. T The Onkaparinga, at Warland's —Morning," where the rich glow of the rising sun whining through the dense forest produces a fine effect, contrasting well with the cold grey of the fore ground, where the solar rays have not yet pene trated. A feUow picture to the last named is a pretty quiet little eosne'ontae Onkaparinga, at Clarendon, sufficiently like* the other to make a good pair with it, yet giving a different looking new of the river from a locality some miles dis tant. It was remarked to ub that the toainting of the Waterfall Golly ought not fo be allowed to leave the colony; with this view we partly concur, but as we think such paintings of ■ some of oar finest scenery would tend to benefit the colony, if exhibited in some popular place of resort in England* we should like to see a copy of it made, and purchased by the Government to send home for exhibition. Plenty of. money has been spent by various Governments in a far less useful way; and we believe the paint ings of M. Chevalier, of Melbourne, have been the means of attracting considerable attention to the neighboring colony. There are in the room three or four paintings by W. H. Usher, -late of Melbourne, but now, as we are informed, a rising artist in Wngland. We are told that he was an assistant to a painter and glazier in Melbourne, and painted uLe depart de ffiancee" and "Bunyan in Bedford Gaol," when only 17 years of age; the utter painting especially possessing considerable merit. Another Victorian artist, Mr. J. W. Curtis, has two good paintings in the exhibi tion—a view called " Mount Disappointment," but which we believe is in the Plenty jjtanees, Victoria, and a bush road near Wallen Wauea, very true to nature. A gipay woman, after j Ricfater, is a fine study well painted. A picture by Mr.H.Cousin?, Victoria,entitled"Comiag footsteps," represents a lady, like one of George the Fourth's beauties, "fair and fat," if not 40, waiting on the seashore in a grasefnl aad natural attitude. Our old friend Glint has a • pretty quiet little Knglish landscape with a mill and pond, to remind us of the scenes his facile ; brash so rapidlystruck off while he was in Ade : laide. We must not omit to mention a very good water-color drawing, "Old Gams,"by Nelson. It is evidently the work of an artist, though be seems to have bad preponderance of light colors on his palette. Another water-color scene— The Dandenong fianges,by Gibbs—is almost too gay in its coloring. There are several oilier pictures of various degrees of merit, which we must pass by to notice those of Mr.S. S. Knight's, -the animal painter. We have before given a favorable notice of some of these, and need only allude to those which have not hitherto been mentioned. ?* Pets " a chesnut mare, and a dog in a pretty paddock with the Mount Lofty hills in their richest spring livery as a back ground, is a very pretty little painting. " Jenny and Bismarck," a terrier and a bulldog, the property of Mr. H. Scbrader, are very good likenesses and well painted. Mr. . Hart's Whitefoot, a portrait of the well known hunter, will be easily recognised; but we think Mr. KnighfsbestifiMr.Malcom's "Unknown,"and we have no doubt he will receive many orders for portraits for animals from those who see the pictures we have mentioned. The Lo-Lb troupe have been very suc cessful during their trip in the North. They have bad very good booses at the Buna, Clare, Auburn, Saddleworth, and Kapunda. On Saturday next, with additions to the troupe, a short season will be commenced at White's Soom?. Mr. Israel, the agent, is now in town I making.the necessary arrangements. The theatre was fairly attended on Tues day evening, December 19. The programme of the previous evening was gone Srough. The entertainment was opened by a comic duet by Mr. .and Mrs. Empaon, who created much laughter by their performances. The Fakir then appeased and gave an exhibition of bis sleight-ot-hand abilities. The educated Htm was then brought on, and his queer Way* and numerous conundrums were much enjoyed, The entranced lady was next introduced, and, judging from the applause with which *be was greeted, she etill continues to be a favorite. The suspension performance was carried out with the Fakir's customary success. MTadamw Silvester favored the audience with two songa, "Scenes that are brightest" and "Oh, How Delightful," which she sang In her usual charm ing manner. Mr. and Mrs. Empson had to sub mit to encores for their songs. Miss Daisy Silvester gave her mnnrfng entertainment, " Men. of the Time," for which she was heartily applauded. The ghost drametta was well per formed, the illusions and acting being excellent. The fairy fountain began and closed the enter tainment. •> 