Hundred Pounds. A NOVBLETTE. . J3VJ.-BUU.NTUN STEPHENS. M ClIAlTKIt IVi miAITIin'AlTC'f' VISIT.)«. ,~,m UTI s visitor was known on *"*>? SX precincts he lived or , llluer UUljiw UKI lom 01d , om 18 1.»^ fth, 1Ä « »ttoch ^V1,0Dta J«»níllít7",thont the necessity of sacra °* I1' T? to poo. men of «nknowii parentage, ^'1««^',% y|, rangmg fl0m mm »'S"0?' íocv wih a ti iv 01 of ci.iiiielidehtv, ii ity to nhocv ?v u{ ecceutnclU Sucu tfU^if.Yold lim horn v conibinition of ?ae°'re " In b um imh be de=c..bed as Old 4uilitaá wui^ ^ eutll a m,iu mIli.e in a lMlnii lim." yjein/edik appearance, without t0"sel ,"the. or known begiumug of days, yhiroruiotnei. lum ls almost eel tain to »' ¡''ViMo um, e pea ill} if "» llnule be "oi it A'.tael,t.° ,T',nt n.at.ncc Old loin s name T D the present nistmcc ? -, i , fiilbnuth, but it might as well haye m 3o ."'?,, na heil foi a«gut it mittei-ed to t*J BTtr'l vvho, oi «m-e, had hld the Ihe treet «ios, i re t' «-temDS 'Í, "I v .gi mt but liai mlcss w aj s He,"f,m«l .uuiie!m>u.desultol5 existence "T"T d ob "foi v mons bonding houses on bva IDk Odd J»" t Bat ,t "^ 01,ly "»«rhiU «'^'^^the could be t. listed to fîZ that necessitated a st. mi on the ' i w« under tood to be beyond his cen J -md his sei vices even on au ouhnaiy P"A L« I onh boicndcicdstfebj means of im"d coud oi.} he cuuM ieMl¡ and alJHro ^'"""^"i had been known on e"° <" drop KUiaiks that bettajed the J aveiv lespectableeducition Even of ave.} ic^v _ if-l lOUs 'T^a.Vof dnect.ons.howevci, his fulfilling mtli a I »1«' . means to be counted ''M"* i^lhaiípentodescj bj the way i , foîf.merals, o. executions Moieovei, ho ?/ tra go "iLt.net foi fe. retting them out, liioil hang about io. days m the neighbor u t of uiY house «hcie he had seen, oi fancied Zweu, the svmptoui» of impending change H, «vices on these occ isions vveic not gi eat, "hie e nroportioiiallj rewaided But it was " ti «1 bv the few who took heed to his vvajs, rt, L, creat anxiety dilling such operations t not «o much to foi «ard the wo.k itself, as hiuUh over the womenfolk It was noticed i olicitou«lj he hung lound them, stood Mireeu them and possible dangei, and m in* thrust himselt into the place of my one I to, "ho vus nnpiudcnt enough to lend a hndxiththe 'heal} lifts « hen not cwploj ed, aud non emploj ment vv as L normal condition, ho was geneiallj to be .tu kui" in omc one of the ni my open spaces oj S immer hill, cithei asleep, oi reading i aeir . iper of ancient date He genei all} found jt iiae small eavitj so formed that he could Lie bim elf ver) low, and have his feet elevated toalsiel with 1"" '"-'"'> lus up stietched legs til ii forming a convenient leading desk It was in vin among, thoho who patronised him that tit news oi the dij had no mteiest foi lum iUfi. a newspaper was bestowed upon linn, ho i ii 1 art of all look at the dale, and if that wv not uliicieiitl} ancient would lctuiu tho i mci with a «hake of tho head As i matter of COIUEO he had come moie than mee auder the notice of the police as being without vi ible minis of suppoit On such UM .oils ho had been used to describe himself a \ flitter and failing in that defence had i»w been fortúnate enough to find a fneud uho lad either given emplojmout to lum the hv beiore, oi wis willing to luipio\MO a |i iw of it foi the day aftei Noi had ho i[ed the drage of being of unsound mind, lut ou ocea ion of examination he had happened to lau uioio than his usual wits about linn, and U n wired on all poiuU, (bave his own li T\\[hv, which ho icfuscd to touch upon) as a ane mau Ev thiB time ho hld come to bo tok Ki and had even attained to that stago of coi iJsrat.on which would have t inked lum on tie Itumciu side of the Atlantic as " au UÜl UtlOll she s Braithwaite s wilful uncei taint} could m IM er maintain its existence when he saw OU TvU without his hat When he had seen lim ia the street*, the beal d had half hld the iimlnr mouth, and the pondent i elie of his hat um hid i artiall} shaded the uppei pal t of the Lee but now, the lattpi obstacle to complete M Dinon being îemoved, he knew that ho was a tin ¡re euee of Ina dead mothei s biothei Her i\as the veij mau who had held out Ins hied to ave him from the taint of degiadecl pitera.tv, who had blondit lum up as his own wh minute tendel ness and consideration, and «to h 1 tv ci, it what sacuhce he could well si»> lurnishe limn with the meal s that had t bt bun i it here, and had cn ibled lum to EAO that respecUblo start winch hld issued nadinlh ni his pi cent piospent} But he had not a wold of welcome foi him Mut in the linne of all that was diabolical «tu ht tint -haiubhiig ragged old idiot ncioäs ta path it tin» most moppoi tuno of all times, Wen it so speciall} behoved lum to keep his *«V ¡oint of fainil} position, oi want of it, vito e her out if the e}c of Society ? Was he t'W addled with "low origin,' and peihaps «* with ' induit} m the f muí},' at the very 0 meat whin he was about to gathei all his «We and to press them on the uotice of a IJMIOU, lather' \\\ bj, only last muht he had Mi'e ,for the dozenth time, thtt he had no »tu, relativ i, mid that his family position, it¡ Jgh [ooi, hid been unimpeachable ! And ¡J " farworethin the objectionableucss of Mmuenible old man himself was the thought « «hat he had it in his pow er to tell, should his «Heat wcikuimdedncss take, as vv eakmmded Rotten doe , the shape of \mdictivencss low was he to receive lum » What vv is to be to ittitude ' He had ample time to argue the JMte in his own mind, foi the old man was ma» bejore him iittcimg no word, but gnzmg \;"e, ground, and every now and again ^tog hu torehead with the palm of his hand J-uto coii3uie up the recollection of what ho "iconic txij Ho came to the conclusion Iii co"l(1 ^ ul'on uo u"e of action until he lim n <l'ir the old mi,n s memory jet served Lrf i V aU wa3 "eU e^n jet Surelj, Jv i"Kle ^"oTised lum, ho would have Poten at once Luiboldeucd by this thought, f^ the tint to break the silence tuirj g" m-lu' 8ald he> "y«u must have co t u "a} m llero b> m^take What can y7,Kbh*1at with mc?' hUottrUllreft, wt n "¡"^kerchief from UM C ,? V"3,1"11 lmt- i),lS6ed lfc slo«]youco or «P.«? " forelle-iu, and then looked, as it Hc/tl 7 mi,loU nt Braithwaite, as at the ^thoughtfully downwatds as if seeking for ltJlon la the putan of the carpet at- u one of my had nights, he muttered 'ter,1^uv at tLe p,aco üi", rteful nel>lleÄ inwardly expressed his ~" W lh,11 * was 60> aad PraJed that he « "v?, ^ ., s. continuance of the same \- i " J? <\ r!'kcd and Prayed, it must bi " et to "pnaid breathings were _-- __f a "Sue impersonal power quite \--ra to ajv theoloty w -'Tû >t0 <me'0ld fellow. 8a,d he. h % n,u"'";rwie,feelmg now inoiesecure . ?l '"^"tliers mental helplessness, ' .1 m wC tbaVUould be b<-tter to spend I m0nt, at home. What bl ought j ou c _u t'lilyoi. Baj y0Ur namo nu, Bud \- L hi f ° Uer' looklnS i little brighter, I ,4 ju,aud'> fue to something 1 c c ¿?rhl"K ?b»ut mj name How did t _^ - nere without enquiring for me by r_ *? ~" tu » a ^ % e Eeen y°u come in ¿la lou are the three pair a daj L> elnirät>iwhat'' ' ~ ^v ! lUme here bofore anyone IB up r _ T.notalvvays but sometime«, Ui a,t nu «n the washing mornmgä I O i ¡. f er th"il T. \ a omel s*-T1* this would i. , ( truth should como out' His own i a , "'m a Beuse> lie ewed everj tlnng, ?^ ^ 'IS U l'rccarious meal by blacking r - L r m thouSbt piereed even that t a- 'he cal», Ç""5 °* somethmg like pity 4i Z*£n!«T of P0S8,ble «"tatúa» ia the thing fang satd¡ lt "M too late to interfere, for the foundation of fact was" already laid. . "Ah,,I see," ho drawled. "Well, I supposo the landlady settles with yon. Let her know, if I owe you anything. There : I think that will do. Pick up your hat, my good man, and be off. If ever you should want to see me again, tell the girl to let me know first." But the old mau did not move, except to beat his forehead. "What did'you say your nome was?" he again asked. "1 have no memory for names." It was no use concealing his name. Anyone could tell it him at any time for the asking ; so he auswered boldly, " Braithwaite," It had not the electrical clfect he had half feared. A vision had crossed his mind of the old man leaping up with a sudden burst of recollection at the familiar sound, and dis- ordering his attire with theatrical embraces. But the vision was false. " Braithwaite . . . Braithwaite," repeated the old man, rubbing with the points of his fingers tho place where the intellectual faculties are said to lodge, as if he thought by friction to coax them into activity.-"This is a bad night with me. My name is Galbraith. 1 thought there was something between us. Perhaps it was only the two Braiths," ." Have you heard my name before, then !" " I have heard the people below speak of-it might be you . .. where was I at ? Let me see. I was looking into a shop when I thought of it. Are there any ironmongers in this town ?" "Several of them. But I think you had better go home now." " I had seeu somebody that reminded me of somebody," continued Old Tom, disregarding the suggestion; "and just after that, 1 was lookiug iuto au ironmonger's shop, and I saw something that reminded me of something-and the two together made mo remember. Let me see. What do ironmongers sell, now?" It was getting too irksome altogether, but perhaps the best way to get lid of him would be to humor him. Moreover, curiosity was as urgent as fear. So he took up his Courier from tho table besido him, and read from tin iron- monger's advertisement. " Was it boiler-rivets - gas-piping - chaff on tters-punched screens- crucibles-" " No, no ; you're cold-cold." "Cold?" "These ara not what I.want.", ' "Mill-bolting-hammers-saws-files-" " Cold, cold." "Tuck's patent packing - circular saws - patent composition for ships' bottoms-" "Stop. That's. warmer.I remember making a ship, and we went down together to tho river^ to launch it, I and-what did you say your naino wnsv?" " Sheet copper-pitch -oakum," hurried on Braithwaite, tremulously perceptivo of dangerous giouud. " Cotton waste-rope-'.' How lie cursed himself for that slip. "Stop! That's wann! That's it!" shouted Old Tom, betraying by his very voice the agi- tation of rekindling intellect. "Read that again ! What was it you read last ?" ? I " Corn-shellers," gasped out the uophew, holding the newspaper before his fa'co, ou which a cold moisture lind become diffused. " Corn-shellers ? . . . No ; I don't know any- thing about coru-Bhellerg. . .. This is one of my bad nights." " So it seems -And now, my friend, you must go," said Braithwaite, suddenly rising, and turning down the lump, and making as if he wore about to go himself, ."You need not trouble to como here again-even if you know what you want." He opened the door, and showed him out with a cerloùi amount of gentleness that came of still-lingering pity. But he was not yet rid of his incubus. Before he had time to resume his seat, tho door again opened, and the white old head appeared once more. "I'll look in again," said Old Tom, nodding, as Braithwaite thought, with a certain confident significance. "I'll look in again, when 1 re- member what I came for." "Tho devil you ivill!" shouted his nephew, losing all self-control for the moment, and slamming tho door in his face with violence enough to annihilate utterly the poor remnant of his wits. The lingering spark of pity was quenched by this last aggravation. Turning up his lamp once more, and looking round on his handsomely furnished room, with its tasteful pictures and elegant hangings, he gave not one charitablo thought to the benefactor of his childhood, now emerging into the night, f i ¡end- less, and, for aught he knew, homeless. How it bore upon himself-that was the question. But, as if the first division of that question was, how it bore upon him outwardly, he first of all surveyed himself in tho mirror over hi3 ohimuey- piecc. It ivas a comfort to ililli to find that, in spite of the intenso turmoil that lind raged within him, his, hair had not turned gray, nor had his handsome features bocomo distorted. His points of advantage were still secure. Ho took somo comfort from bia faco. It was very pale, certainly; and there was an uuwonted moisture upon it; but it was a fine possession, which no one could dispute, aud which no origin could overshadow. He lookcdnextathishiiudaonie figure, at his unimpeachable clothing, at a massive signet-ring on his little finger ; and as he did so ho felt that between him and the shabby, drivelling dotard whom he lind just thrust from his door any tio of communion was altogether out of the question. Then he pro- duced from his writing-desk a photograph, on ivhich he gazed long and earnestly; and the longer he gazed, tho more clearly he saw (what was certainly not written on the pleasant eyes and open smilo imaged before lum) that by fair means or foul he must Bevor himself from a connection which would rob him of all prestige, and might oven convict him of imposture. A worse time for the appearance and invasiou of the advorsary, for so he reckoned him, could not have been choBen. The Ministerial (who, by the way, will not appear more than 1 can help in these pages, she being now wedded to six Her- culean feet of touchy humanity) had informed him at their last interview that she had paved the way, and that the only point of danger lay in the who's-who question. And he had play- fully declared that his platform NVUS utter uobodiness ; to which she had playfully replied that the more he wa3 nobody else's, the more he was-why should I finish it? We all kuow the ineffable niaiseries of which such duets are made up ; and we all know the kind of full stop, or stopper, with which he would punctuate such a senteuco for her. Yes, it had actually got to such leiigtha between Shiress Braithwaite and the Ministerial that it is impossible to repeat even a fragment of their conversation without showing that "it was all right between them." But he wa« pain- fully aware through it all that her one weakness was that of being severe on " low connections." His own absolute isolation did not come in for a share of this severity : in fact, in her idolatry she looked upon this man as having simply dropped from the skies. To hear that he had no friends whatever only lent confirmation to her theory of his divine origin. Braithwaite knew all this, and none could be more sensitive than ho to the material for possible Bcorn that lay hid, as yet, in the fact of a ragged idiot uncle, who blacked his nephew's boots, and who was capable, for alight he knew, of disclosing at some inopportune moment of reawakened memory what he had fondly hoped no human ear might ever hear. And then a fresh suggestion seemed to be whispered to him, that sent him pacing his room with such hurried tread and uuwonted noise as roused the wonderment of the dwellers below, to ivhom the placid exquisite was the very type of respectable composure. What if thi« old man ivere only playing with him ? What if all this show of faded recollection, all that ironmongering circumlocution,1 wero but the first application of slow torture, of which he was to be the lingering victim, to culminate, when the torturer pleased, in summary execution? What must be his course in that case ? The room was too confined for a struggle with such a question. Ho took his hat and stick, and walked out, not caring whither he went. It was the same moonlight night that was shining down \- on Mary Drysdale wandering by the river, and the love-lorn Sandie roaming in search of her. But Braithwaite was not destined to meet her that night, though their fates were yet to mingle. It did come iuto his mind that there were now two people iu the same colony, probably both in the same town, ivhom it behoved him to avoid ; but he only cursed his fate, not himself, for the necessity. He walked hither and thither, insensible to the charm of the peace that slept on town and river. The centre of the universe w is in him elf, an! there was no peace there On ever} hand, had lie known oi thought of it, there were gi eater and truer gnofs thm his Ho« few of those household lights that did not shine upon MUÍS seciet of soirow before which his ni» cnmiually piltry1 Yet it was eveiythmg to him, filled his whole soul, distorted and dibcolored evci y subject on which his thoughts touched aud dvviufcd for bim every other human interest What would Stratford say'-Haï r} Stratford, of the Coal Mining Records Department, who had the next room to bim m the loin Bon dint, house' Harry was a power among the Jeunesse Dolde o£ Brisborough, and his wold, in a socnl point of view, w13 weight} to ble3S 01 bin ' By gad, Bil, he coull fuie} lum siymg, while .utting is chairuiau of some self constituted committee ou socnl pnulege ,-"B} gad, su, the fellow s uncle blacked ni} boots foi many a dav< And had not Bcttendgo also of the Iona Boarding hoiiBe, first docket 111 the Scab and loot rot Office, and an xncioyabk of the fust vv ater- hid not he been ni the habit of si} ing, as a good naturcd fnond of Bnithwntos had reported, that he (Btaithvvaito) "w13 a fellow that wanted tripping up badi} ? Would not the uncle episode, and tho possibly wor e to follow, be as nuts and ambro ia to the soul of Bettendge? And Singleton, too Commissionei of Pile drivers and Di edges, another Ionian, the dread of all ofhcialdoin for Ins powoi of cauci ture-why at the \ en thought of him Braith wnto s imagination conjured up -1 whole portfolio of cartoonB m v> hich his uncle, Jack Ketch and himself figuied ni eveiy colleen able absurdit} of position ! Thon again theie vii' Plunkett, of the Kerosint Shale Department Plunkett vv is it was well kuown, whit those sweet youths called "awful spoons upon Miss Pin selle, Biuth waite s Ministerial, and Bl nth v. into w is equally well known to hue (still 111 the same dnlect) " put Plunkett s nose out of joint Plunketts chief recommendation in the quartoi just mentioned had been on the score of Ina family Plunkett was not merely the «on of a man and a worn in, he w as the scion of a house , and the Parselles weie iery partial to scions In spite, however, of his sciouisin Bi uthvvaite had dis tauced him in the race But whit would bo the fiendish joy of the sciou if Braithwaite should now make his appearance ridden by an idiotic, «hoe blacking, almost mendicant undo, and perhaps handicapped likewise with the do id weight of an inf imotis paternal memory ! He knew they would not spaic him He had been too immaculate, too unimpeachable, to be dealt with otheiwise than soNercly He had held his head too high to expect au} sympathy lhere were others who had once been within tho hallowed pale, but whom the devil hud got hold of, and conducted either to suicido, or to Smit Helena These, although tho works that had condemned them weie held m due abhorrence, were still talked of as "good fellows, you know But he would not bo talked of as a good fellow, you know "I always thought there was something about him, w is tho most lenient remuk that would be made when it cime to be known, ns it quite possibly might, that he had lied (which indeed ho had often done) ibout his origin, hid bl ought fiom her home, and then cruell} discarded, the gul ho had ) rofe«aed to lov e, and, fin illy, had thrust from his dooi the uncle to w horn he ow ed moro than to nu} mau 111 the woild Last, and worst of all the Pal «cito herself-could it bo at all doubtful how she would regald this now md interesting relative 111 piospeet ? W ould not the wholo lomnuce ot hia isolated self eustont being die away at once befoie the fat ii revelation o low connexions'-Look at it which wa} ho would it vi IIB a 1 unions husmea Wlntevei active step he proposed to himself in the miittei, seemed only fitted to precipitate disigroeablcs Should he compound with the old man foi silence, the íesult might bo only tho moio closely to identify himself with him , 01, supposing lum 11s mental!} weak as ho piofeäsedto bo, might only resuscitate his } et half doi mnnt recol- lections Should ho chango Ins lesideuce, Stritfoi d, Bettci ldge, and Co might get upon the scent all the sooner fi oui tho NCI} fact of his îeinovnl following upon the old mnnsNisit, a visit which could not fail to have been noticed m a house that waa a sort of commune, oach inembei wheieof had Ins e}e upon tho othei Yes hoi e w as another ti ml wv nting lum, w Inch he li id oveilooked What was ho to say when the lnei itable " chatt should bogm ? loi it was a tembló house foi "chaÛ Bruthvv inte s usctui mil \ isitoi w ould bo a pel feet godsend He positively wnthed to think of the MU tous theories that would be set afloat legal ding lum It was au old misei (aftei some such sort would Stialfoid legoudiso the aUur) who hid come to announce to him that 111 con sequence of hia (Biaithvvaite s) leputalion foi ngid inoralit} he hid nimed lum Ina hen , and would Biaithwaito mind lending 11 fellow five pounds on the stiength of it' Then would Bettendge take up the pal able Betterid^o li id alwiv» said that Braithwaite was not tho cleau pototo he professed to be, and this was an euiaged fithei come to tin elton proceedings if he lid not pa} up handsomel} Braithwaite had shown his usual good sense 111 pi}ing up so qmcti} And Singleton, who usiully 1 etui ned home when others were thinking of getting up, and who doubtless had often vv itucsscd tlio cn 1} boot cleaning proce»s, would have a conect portrait of the old mau, and a theoiy likewise, piobably to the cflect Unit " the old buster li id come with the ollci of 1 shajo 111 a now patent bl ickmg business How plainly ho heard and saw it nil And he would have to ben all this, and would have to bullio, and smile, and be a v llhiui Cul se that infernal old mau ! And there lay the \ery object of Ins cuises within a few steps of bun B} tins timo Braithwaite had turned oil the public road, and was thicading lus w ly amongst the nucleated shrub glow th which still gil es to that part »f the ton 11 a flav 01 of the bush, vv hen he saw his uncle lymg on the ground before lum So white and shrunken looking, so feeble lind shrivelled, so merely a relic and shred of humanity-why should such a thing stand in his way Í Of what av ad vv as that paltry spark of hfo to its ow nei, or to an} one else ' If he could only trammel up the consequence-oh no '-he didn t mean that He merci} meant how exceeding con vement it would be if that meagre old shadow would only N ani-.li of its ow n accord f Stay Vi is he not already dead ? So white a id motionless he looked 111 the moonlight that Slnress might vv eil he excused if for a moment he fancied that fortune had inteifered 111 his behalf Trembling with anxiety, ho stooped down and crawled nearer to lum He could hear 110 souud of breathing, saw no motion of the chest The face was partially turne 1 away from him, and the blow was in shade He put out his hand, and tued to tuin tho body tow ards him "Hitter! said Old lorn suddenly, and turned lound to his former position He vv as not dead, then What a pity How easy-no, no ' Once again, he did not mean that1 But what a confounded nuisance it w ns that this witless starveling should stick to a life that he had no longer any part m! What should such fellows as he do, crawling betweeu eirth and heaven ' And yet this f unt breath of his micht blow up all his prospects of tho Par«elle-and of her dot too, which was any thing but inconsideiable How had he happened to arm himself to mj,ht with this heav} stick ? He couldn t tell He hardly cv er curried a stick , but here was one to night Old Parselle himself had given him this veiy stick Theie was nobody about He could hear a sohtar} cab rumbling m the distance 1 cs, old Parselle himself had given linn this vol} Btick What a curious thing it would be if with this identical stick that old Pi«selle had given him Sim ess Braithwaite lose up and lied home ward Something hid como ovei lum to night He had seen the most awiul sight which a man can see on tim ndo the grave, and perhaps bei ond it-he had feen the hidden deeps of his own nature His darkest capabilities had opened before him, and in the yawning chasm he had seen things hideous and foul. Once on a time, during an earthquake, the side of a hill, on which doubtless many hours of human life had been spent in play and dalliance, gave way, slid down, and revealed to the appalled spectators low upon low of ghastly upright corpse», that but for the earthquake might have waited un distuibed till the Trump of Doom So was it with him The earthquake had como, and the sunny slope of life had given way, and, behold, all within was ghastly and grim It was a tenable sight even foi one in whose case it may hive needed no very great earthquake to cause the landslip Ho was glad to ace his ona room i^ain , g'«« even to si c Bettei ldgc, w horn m genei Jl Ut r ithei disl.ki d, sitting in his casi chin , th >ii¡,h not to well pit. i*ul with 1IH Sei io emile tlutat on ut "Hi}, old man1 have Jon s en i ghost' I few minutes conveisation with this spiiejitly companion set bim moio at his ease with himself Ho oven endeivoied to antic.[ate matters b} isking if ho hid seen his visitor of that evening- in old semi m minc who had como ? to lum w ith enquiries about some one of vv horn he knew no mole thin ho did ibout the man in the moon He tried to 1 ut0h it ov ci, and ov cr) thing else along with it-but, tho Idea vv is there When he put his boots outsulu his door til it night, the Iden was the.e also Winn he went,) to bed, it was there ti o , and sleep and di earns onlj ¡jive it flesh vividucss', and new foiunof honor [TO ni «MIMI. ] 