NEWS OF THE DAY. An application wns raado to tho Supremo Court to-day lor a mandamus to compel tho magistrates at Liiydalc to state . a case for tho opinion of the court. Mr Francis Brown, a land selector at Running creek, neat Lily- dale; ;was fined for having sold a toLtle of brandy without a license. The defence was that Brown was secretary to a club called " Tho Selectors' Club," and that the brandy waB given to a member, The magi strates seemed to think that tho combination was not a bona fide 'club, and today the Chief Justice stated that it seemed to be a combination of a certain number of persons to- drink. The court refused to grant a mandamus. Mr" Fisher made nn application to the Supreme Court to-day to review the verdict in a case of Smith v Robertson. The action, which wfts heard nt the civil sittings of the court, was brought to recover damages for slander an-1 assault, the former consisting in calling tho plaintiff a thief and the latter in' giviag him a black eye. The jury at the trial gave the plaintiff tOs damages for the slander, and £25 for the assault. Mr Fisher contended that the alleged slander was mere abuse, and tbat the damages given fur the assault were excessive. The court 4U..4 ii,c ijucoiioas raised were - t- ters for the consideration of the jury, and refused to disturb the verdict. In the Supreme Court to-day, arguments were heard on nn order nisi for prohibition to restrain the magistrates at Sandhurst from enforcing a fine inflicted upon a cabman, for having, as alleged, driven within the city boundary without a license. The defence set up before the magistrates wns that the defendant held a license from the Englehawk Borough Council, which authorised him to drive within a radius of five miles of Eaglehawk. It seemed, hewever, that the circles within which the City Council of Sandhurst' and the Borough Council of Eaglehawk issued licenses overlapped one another, the two places being less than ten miles separated. The court to-day made an ofder nisi for prohibition absolute. In tho Supreme Court, to-day, a rule nisi was obtained by Mr Fullerlon to Bet aside the nonsuit in the case of Woodhouso v the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, and enter a verdict for the plaintiff for £800, the amount of damage assessed by the jury at the trial. ' The. stem of the R.M.S. Assam, which has been forged by the Victorian Iron Rolling Company, Dudley street, West Melbourne, having been completed, will be delivered to the contractors, Johnston and Co., Ynrra Bank, this afternoon. The same company supplied tho steamer Barrabool with a new stem on the occasion of her recent collision with the Queensland, and are about manufacturing a shaft for the City of Bal- lqratG. M. Company, 11 inches round, also in connection with a breakdown. Owing to the detention of the mail steamer, the time at which letters can be placed iu the post-office, for transmission to Kurope, has been extended to two p.m. on Tuesday, and up to a later hour for letters witli tho late fees. Our sporting contributor, Asmodcus, who wns extraordinarily successful last yeur, opened very well for tho coming season with his tips for Saturday's events He spotted the winners of three races out of five, and actually placed , the first, second, and third horsesj Chrysolite, Tocnl, Cardinal, as tlicy came in. The only two races in which he failed were surprises, the Hurdle being un certain, like ail races over sticks, while Wrangler, which Asmodcus tipped for tho Epsom Handicap, did not start. His lip for the Metropolitan appears elsewhere, It is said on good authority thnt the recent accident which occurred on tho Victorian railway line near North Melbourne, viz, the capsizing of an engine of a goods train through. the driver mistaking one of the new semaphore signals which came into operation on Tuesday week, was the fault not of tho parties immediately concerned, i.e., the sig nal man and the engine driver, but of the railway authorities, who, we are informed, insisted upon the new code of signals being used on the day mentioned, notwith standing the protest cf tho locomotive superintendent that more time should bo given to tho men to mako themselves ac quainted with the new arrangements. The engineer-in chief and Mr Wills have visited the sceno of the accident, and inspected tho arrangements at the semaphore, with the view of reporting their views on the subject lo the Oommiesionerj and-MrMeik'e,J'heloeomotive superintendent Iras sent in Mb report, which has been forwarded , to the traffic mr. nager's department for their statement to bo added as to tho cause of the accident. It is deemed advisablejby tho Commissioner not (o make tho conteuta of the locomotive and superin tendent's report public : until tbe traffic manager's statement has been received, there appearing to bo some discrepancy of evidence between tho two branches. Pro bably the traffic manager's report will be in the hands of the Commissioner to-morrow, A total eclipse of the snn w 11 ocour on the 18th of this month, and be visible in this colony. tThe central, eclipse, according to Melbourne; time, will bo at twenty-five minutes to six in the morning, and tho end of tho central eclipse will occur at sixteen I minutes to eight. Dr Youl held an inquest this morning upon the remains of a woman named Mary Morrissy who was found drowned iu the river Yarra on Friday last. Tho" deceased was tho wifo of a laborer named Peter Morrissy, who stated that Iris late wife was a confirmed drunknrd. On tho 8th ult., after a drinking bout of three weeks' duration, Bho disappeared from her home, suffering at tho time from delirium tremens. Her friends saw nothiug moro of her till her body was recovered by Constable Lee from the Yarra Yarra. The deceaeed, during her periodical fits of drunkenness, nppears to have suffered from suicidal tendencies, as about six months since she attempted to take her life by cutting her throat. A vctdict of found drowned was returned. ' Detective Hayes brought a young man named Robert Bruee before the City Court this morning, on two charges of stealing books. The prisoner had taken advantage "of tho great facilities afforded him ofim-i proving his mind in some of the various libraries of worthlessly betraying the' confi dence reposed in him, and seoreting several valuable workB of reform about his person. The books he was in the habit of disposing of to second-hand booksellers, taking the pre caution of first tearing out the stamp mark 8 of tho institutions to which they belonged. The detective Iibb recovered eight of the volume?, stolen from tho Public Library an-1 the Temperance Hall. On tha charge of utoniiny w,nkn from the latter placo, tho pri soner w.ib sent to gaol for three months, On the charge of purloining books from the Public Library, Bruce was remanded till Thursday next. From a dcscripti n furnished to the police Detective Hayes arrested a man named John Jones, alias Alfred Ashby, onSBaturday night last, iu Bourko street, on the charge of stealing a quantity of bedding some weeks since. The prisoner, who at one time wrs considered a very dangerous member of the criminal class, having spent upwards .of twenty-one years in prison, for almost every crime in tho Statute hook, was sent to gaol by the City bench this morning for three months. At the FitZroy Police Court, this morning, John Molnerney was summoned by Robert Lyons, auctioneer, of Brunswick street, for assault. The defendant was in the employ- ment of Lyons, until within tho last week; and on last Thursday he summoned the? pre sent complainant for £15 for wages, and the case was dismissed. In the evening do- fen'ant made an appeal to his physical power?, struck tho defendant, who was standing at the cornor of Moore and Bruns wick streets, knocked him down, and com mitted tho nssault complained of. The magistrates totally differed from tbe de fendant as to his mode of physical justice, and fined him AOs, or fourteen days' im prisonment, Before the Fitzroy bench this morning, a man named Charles Oakleigh was charged with UBiug insulting language. The accused, who is an old pensioner, frequently gets' in toxicated, and wheu in that ata'e makes himself obnoxious to the shopkeepers in Brunswick street; and in the present case, from the evidence cf sevoral respectable wit nesses, the language complained of was of the most filtby. description. Tho magistrates administered n well-deserved re trimand, and fined him 40s, or fourteen days. At the same court a young girl, named Susan Woods, -<in3 charged with stealing jewellery from the house of her employer, William Cobb, by whom Bho was engaged as a domestic ser vant. Tho property, consisting of a gold ring, two lockets, and a brooch, has b ion re covered, and the prisoner admitted her gnilt. The bench remnuded her for a week, when her mother, who was in court, stated she would procure security for her futuro good behaviour, aud the magistrates promised if tho necessary security is secured they will discharge her. A.t Richmond this morning, the Mayor inflietoa u fino of 20s, or seven days' im- prisonment, on a lad named Lay, charged with inciting a number of larrikins not to disperse when requested to do so by the police. The Mayor declared that ho would deal in tho severest mnnner with any , case of blackguardism in tbe streets of the town. A remarkable instance of the escapo of a drunken man from death, or at any rate from serious Injury, occurred this morning near Simpson's Road, Richmond. A baker's cart was being driven at a pretty fast pace along Separation street, when a man, who bad imbibed so freely of intoxicating beverages that his legs could hardly carry his body, staggered from the footpath into the road-' way, and before the driver could pull up, fell right under the horse's hoofs, One of the wheels of the cart passed over the man's body, but, strange to say, he was not hit in any way. Tho shock, however, had the effect of sobering him, and he was able to proceed towards his home the better for what had happened fortunately for him. This would seom to -be another illustratiou of the old saying that there is a special providence . which watches over drunken people. At Prahran Court to- day, John Hanslow,'a hawker, was charged with an indelicate assault upon a Mrs David, nt Cnulfie'd. Inspector Burton prosecuted. Mr F. Stephen for tho defence. Brisoner hawks drapery, etc., with u.horec and cart. He called at the house of tho prosecutrix while her husband was away. After offering her a shawl for sale, ho said, according to her account, that ho would give it to her if she consented to his wishes. He then committed tbe assault complained of, which consisted of an indelicate act on his part. He placed his hand upon her. The prisoner denied tho charge. The bench fined him one pound, and one pound boBts, or one week's imprisonment. Notice of appeal was given. We (Hamilton Spectator) understand that an action for libel has been commenced by Mr Samuel, on behalf of Mr Young, post master at Taharn, against Mr Alfred Ardcn, of Tahara, in which it is sought to recover £2000 damages. The alleged libel is con tained iu a letter to the postmastcr-General, iu which tho conduct of Mr Young is severely commented upon and nn attempt made to get him ousted from his position. We (Bendigo Advertiser) have received from Mr Oraiko a number of oranges, grown on his property, Bowman Orchard. The season has been unfavorable for this fruit, but the oranges are of good growth and flavor. Mr Craiko has, we understand, had n good crop. The yield of gold for the week amounts (says the Bendigo Advertiser) to about 4000 ozs., showing a considerable increase upon tho returns obtained during the past few weeks. In dividends £6418 lis 6d has been declared, against £2850 calls made, leaving a balance of dividends over calls o£ £3608 lis Gd, Our Chinese fellow-citizens were in a state of great excitement (says the Ballarat Star), during the whole of Sunday, and up to about three p.m. this (Monday) morning. They believe that the souls of those Chinese who have not died a natural death wander restlessly about, cold nnd hungry, 'seeking rest and finding none," so once a year a grand-feast is made, and immense fires lit for their benefit; and that these spirits may be properly clad, clothes, something after the style of milliners' patterns, are cut out of gilt paper, and. are burnt, dissolvi g very appropriately into thin air. On Sunday, notification of what was to be dono for their benefit was given by the boating of gongs drums, ctc,,to these restless spirits, uud at about midnight-, when tliey were supposed to be all present, u priest, named OlieAh King, who lives nt Hnddon, commenced the religious ceremony by blessing the offerings of tho chnritnblc. These consisted of dishes of riee, pork, etc., cooked, and lniil in two rows near the fires previously lit, Spiritual beverage, iu tho shape of gin, was emptied on the ground, nnd after the burning of tho paper clothes, tho riee and pork, of which the ghosts were supposed to hnvc eaten, was dis tributed among tho Chinese ragpickers aud beggars, none who could afford to stand upon ceremony deigning to touch it. The lepcr3 from tho ranges were present, but made their offerings from a respectful dis- taucofrom tbe other Oliinamcn, and con- snmeel, at the close of tho ceremony, whnt tlicy had brought themselves. Fear more than love seems to actuate tho Celestials in making their offerings, as they believe that unless they make them the spirits will cause things to be generally very unpleasant for them during tho ensuing twelve months. About £30 altogether were expended on the affair, £4 being given to. the priest, who, as he is the only man in the district qualified to do things properly, charges rather highly. By referenoo to nn advertisement in an other column, it will be observed thnt Mr J. S. Christie, the well known athlete, has opened a gymnasium in Little Collins street, in premises adjoining the watchhouse. The hall, which is admirably suited for the pur pose to which it is to be devoted, is fitted iip with all the most modern appliances, in. order to develop muscular Christianity. Dumb- bills, Indian clnb», pulleys, nnd horizontal bars arc supplied in profusion, whilst for those who are pavlial to the science of boxing, a full-sized roped ring has been constructed. As it is the intention of Mr Christie to discourage the attendance of professional boxers, and to devote himself solely to the instruction of pupils, he will probably obtain a fair share of patronage. The Fakir of Oolu had no reason to com plain Of his au.licnco on Bntnrday night, although the Davenport Brothers had so large a house. The Fakir's "manifestations" were quite as much a mystery to tho crowd at St George's Hall as to the audience of tho Town Halt, with this difference, thnt the Fakir boldly acknowledges his feats to bo an illnsion, while the Davenport Brothers leave their audience to " guess and calculate," The Opera House was crowded on Saturday night to witness Jan, the Now German. Mr Emmet's bye-play with the children is remarkably taking nnd spenially agree able to persons of a sensitive nature. M" Carey's representation of Bruno is highly spoken of by everyone, and there is no doub' t' n" ii this gentleman were afforded tho opportunity, lie would prove himself equal to the highest oharocters'of tragedy. 