general epitome. The Tasmanian Ministry has resigned. Cadet Corps was drilled in the Normal School grounds on Saturday afternoon. BlSHOP HAt.K hllH rrmvmiml n Church of England Synod for the 8th August. .The Victorian press have not kindly to the Ministerial programme. Tub Church of England Synod will meet in the Synod Hall on the 8fch of August next. The Cerberus,lyinginjHobson's Bay,is being put in fighting order. ' Another body has been recoveredl'from the wrecked ship Gettwood. A^ Sydney telegram states that a large number of exhibits are being prepared for the forthcoming exhibition in Brisbane. A Melbourne telegram brings news of a 1 forgery committed by a clerk in kthe National Insurance Company. The colony appears to be unable to rid itself of sickness. The children at Maryborough are suffering pretty generally from croup. These are discouraging accounts from the Barrington goldfield in the Hunter River District, New South "Wales. The works for the supply of water to Too woomba nro expected to be completed in ten months, the total cost being £10,582 4s. The . Whampoa, from London, arrived at Melbourne on Saturday, after a quick passage of forty-two days. It is rumoured that His Excellency the Governor has leased Whitton Manor, Indoo roopilly, for twelve months. The committee of the East Moreton Fanners Association held their usual monthly meeting on Saturday afternoon. A Melbourne telegram states that the Victorian Treasurer is negotiating a loan from the hanks with every probability of success. A meeting of the residents of Enoggent was held, last week, .for the nomination of a school committe. Several of the eeratodi lately captured in the Mary River, were safely lodged with Mr. Staiger at the Museum on Monday afternoon. A pares on " Our Sunday Schools" was read to the teachers of the Union on Tuesday evening. The directors of the Oriental Bank in Lon don, have voted £5,000 to the widow of the late manager, Mr. Stewart. "Whew the TorreB Straits steamer Noimanby left Singapore, telegraphic communication witn Europe had been interrupted for a week. ^ The bteam-dredge Groper, built for the Queensland Government, left Singapore for Brisbane about Juno 19th. By the Normahby news comes that large bodies of Chinese immigrants were preparing to leave Hongkong for Queensland. The steamer Victoria arrived on Thursday, from Cooktown; she left yesterday for Sydney with 3,000 sheep. The dividend and bonus—equal to £20 per cent.—in the Queensland Insurance Company, will be payable on and after Tuesday next. Ninety-three tons of quartz from the Per severance leasehold, at Gympie, have yielded 1,267 023. of retorted gold. " It is expected that the Toowooxuba Grammar School will he ready for occupation about the middle of August. Twenty-seven applications have been received for the Headmastership. The Darting Dozens Gazette draws attention to the insufficient accomodation provided by the Immigration Depot in that town, many new arrivals sent there having to camp out. The local man got in for Bulimba by a large majority. The poll was declared on Saturday with the following results:—Johnson, 228; Grimes, 187. The Volunteer Engineers mustered in force on Saturday evening, at the drill- room. They then marched to South Brisbane, and had a capital drill. Joseph Crome, of Brisbane, steward, has been adjudicated insolvent upon his own peti tion. First meeting, July 26; statement, July 24. The Messrs. Stevenson again. The Mel bourne Customs are putting the screw again on this firm. They now refuse to accept their invoices for the passing of their goods. At the meeting of the School of Arts sub scribers on Thursday, the report and balance sheet, showing a prosperous state of affairs, were adopted. A telegram from London ot June 21, which appears in tho Courier of Friday, announces a heavy fall in wool—15 to 20 per cent. Aus tralian tin was in good demand, at £74 per ; ton, and Australian copper at £91 per ton. The Government havo called for applications for tho appointment of Engineer- in-Chief for Railways, tho salary to be £ 1,500 a year. Applications to ho sent in to tho Secretary for "Works by tho loth proximo. Messrs. F. Crompton, E. Ronnie, and F. B Sheridan have obtained the degrco of if.A. of the Sydney University, at an examination recently held, by permission of tho University authorities, in Brisbane. It is understood that Mr. Filz will replace the late Mr. Henry Johnson as Clerk of Par- I liaments in the Council and that Mr. Ralph Gore will succeed the late Mr. Ralph Johnson | as clerk-assistant in the Legislative Council. p.NE of the best things, if not the best thin at tho Peal of Bells Bazaar at the School Arts is a typo writing machine. "With such instrument, which much resembles a sin; sewing machine, lazy correspondents will 3 longer bo able to excuse themselves from writh on the score of u a bad hand." The Victorian Parliament was opened ori Tuesday with the nsual formalities. The Vice regal speech stated that railways, tolls, mining, coroners, trade- marks, and marine store dealers would be dealt with. The secretary of the Brisbane Hospital has received from Messrs. Walters and Patten the cheque for £25, about which there has been lately so much trouble in tho Municipal Conncil. In rcp.y to Mr. Palmer, in the Assembly yesterday, the Colonial-Secretary stated that application had been made by the late Govern ment to the Home Government for a supply of arms for the Volunteers. Amongst the papers laid on the table of the House on Monday, were the Regulations for Parliamentary short-hand, cadet class," as made by the Premier and the Speaker, in tennB of the report of the Printing Committee, adopted by the Legislative Assembly on September 3,1875. These seems to be several smashers abont the town; luckily mort of them appear to ho new to the business—regular mutts at it in fact—so that, as yet, but little money has been made at the business, but wo are improving our state of civilisation every day. The closing of the cricket sea3cn is to be marked by a ball, to be given by the Albeit Club, at the School of Arts, next "Wednesday. Spiked cricketing shoes will not be de rifiuurn The ladies will be allowed to wear pads, and to make as many catches as they can. A joke.. The defalcations of Sawell, the ex-tellefr of the Bank of New^South Wales, in Melbof Jrne, are stated to be large, and to have extended over a long period. They are said "to have arisen from the gambling propensity a of the accused. No news has yet come to hand as to the doings of the Edinburgh, cable ship , which was sent to Port Darwin to repair the b roken cable. The want of telegraphic common- matron with Europe is sadly felt just now tf iat important invents are unfolding themselve s in the old •world. ■An accident of *a very abjuring kind oc curred at Sandgate on Thurads.y—a spring cart, Xn which was a jibbing horse, going over the cliff at its steepest part, with its occupants, a groom and child, the hatter having his leg broken, and being very "badly bruised. The groom was much shaken. The little boy was conveyed to town. The Rev. A Rutledge delivered an excellent lecture on " the Bible; wit h reasons why Protes tants should prize it," im the' Town Hall, on Wednesday. There wa3 a'large audience present, by whom the rev. lect urer was repeatedly cheered. And at the ■close a hearty vote' of thanks was accorded to him. He. Murphy, the oew member for Cook, who took the oaths anrd his seat on the re assembling of Parliament on Tuesday, didn't lose much time in making himself heard. He was the first speaker, and ported ont a column of " wanteds" for his electorate, even "before the Premier could have his say. A telegram comes from Sydney which sotxs that Sullivan, the murderer, is alleged to have been seen at Gonlburn. This pardoned wretch is written of as though he were not supposed to exist anywhere. His appearance is always noticed as though he were a ghost. The poor devil_ must have found out by this time that hanging would have been comparative mercy. Owing to counter-attractions there was hut a poor show of football in the Queen's Park on Saturday afternoon. Sides were picked, and two teams, captained by Clarke ana Sheridan, played a scratch match, according to Rngby rules. Sheridan obtained a goal off a touch down by himself, which was the only one gained daring the afternoon. The horrible news which comes from the * South Seas will do more than all the news- - paper and platform arguments in the world to • put an end to the black labour traffic. The • details of the lata massacres, when they.' come to hand, will probably prove harrowing in the extreme. It is to be hoped that the proverbial three misfortunes will not come; together. Two such events are quite enoaghb for one time. These has been a good deal of uneasiness about the barque Pekina, which cleared • Horeton on January oth, and which, until tba Normanby brought the news of her safe arxiy gl in London on May 22nd, had not been heard of. The fact is, that the very smartest craft a- ,i|v ing in the chops of the Channel in the ',nring are liable to be detained by easterly w° ,nd» n* long as six weeks at a time. Mr. Ralph Johnson, who, for m ™ years has "been clerk-assistant of the •' .Legislative Council, was not long in following" Hs superior and namesake, the Clerk of the Cc lUncjl to his long home. Mr. Johnson died at his residence in Tank-street, on Saturday morr of dropsy' from which he had beensufferir .pfS'snme« put, He had undergone an o^ratiS. on too previous day. Mr. Johnson s ago wa3 A cormxsroNr.ENT at W ierford inform3 ^ that the bndge there over < .io ;s idl approaching completion, onjy t®0 morerows i "Owning to be r criven. It is expected that the bndge will bo completed in about a month 8 '"ne- The it .habitants of tho district intend that the openu ^ ceremony shall be an imposing one. In. s addition to the usual cere monies, a dinner wi j be given bv the residents to tho wo^tuen en'^agod in the constxuctiou of the bndge. The . Governor is expected to per form the opening ceremony. Hn. M Ilwr' vmi was called to order by the ^peaker on W odn esdav, for speaking of the j/reimer by name —a high crime and misde meanour in. Parliament, where gentlemen are, like certain persons who serve Her Majesty no longer known by their names, air. JU. llT.sraith apologised for his lapsus lingua: hut excu sed himself on the ground that the I w&s; hotter known to everybody as • " George" than as 41 the hon, gentleman at tho . head of the Government." Hereat there was • a laugh. : XuosEwho. object to the slow accumulation of riches bv the sweat of their brow, may hike a hint,' from an ingenious young- man who figured in the Polico Court on Monday. This gentleman .has discovered a means of turning . new sixpences into half-sovereigns by the simple process of smoking. The experimental ist in question has not quite brought his system to perfection, otherwise he would not now be, and to be for six months to come, eompulsorily labouring on the roads and public works of the colony. At a meeting held on Monday evening in tho South Brisbane Congregational'Churchy to consider the advisability of forming a society in connection with the Queensland Congrega tional Union, for the purpose of spreading the Gospel in. the bush, a resolution was put, and carried, that a society he formed, its object being " to assist in the support of ministers to do the work of evangelists in the small settlements in the bush, unable of themselves to support ministers of the Gospel," subscribers to the amount of Is. per quarter being members of the society. The exhibition building is finished and insured. The Governor has consented to open the show. Free passes to volunteers, and rail way excursion tickets are to he issued during the exhibition week. Some of the hanks haTe subscribed, to the exhibition unconditionally, while others have promised to give p-ovided others again do; • while the Union Bank posi tively refuses to contribute anything at all. The A.S.N. have agreed to carry exhibits at ordinary rates to Brisbane, and to return them to the shippers free after the exhibition closes. "WHEXtheAgnes, s.,en routcfromMaroochicto Ipswich, with a cargo of timber, was opposite Hogan's saw mills, last Saturday, what is tech nically known as tho " uptake"—a'plate near the funnel—gave way. The steam blew off and the steamer was unable to proceed on its journey. We could not ascertain the cause of the accident as the persons on hoard were unusually reticent on tH« point. It is stated that there was not more than 45 lbs. of steam on at the time, the mn- rirrmm nmnnnt, being 80. Beyond the injury done to the engine, which is estimated at not morfe than £5, and the delay occasioned by the accident, no further damage was done. The . following, donations to the Museum were received during the month. _ of May, viz.Mr. Joseph Xahper, one echidna hystria; Mr. John Stone, Mooloolah, one sea urchin ; Mr. Barfoot, Sandgate, one snake; Mr. James Buchanan, oae kitten with eight legs; Mr. Mon&han;, onejyoung dog with six legs; Mrs. Cook, German Station, one large phasma; Mr. Byerley, Chief Inspector of' Roads, six fossils from Copenhagen Bend, Maryborough; Miss Lily Kaiser, one ammonite cut in two and polished; Mr.Ch. Wallace, one phasma; Mr. Thorn. Ridley, Mooloolah, two nests of trapdoor raider and one trapdoor spider; Br. Belasdale, three catalogues from the Melbourne Museum. The number of visitors'during the [month was 2,272. . - A number of boys of from about four to eighteen years of age congregate at certain corners, tpcnlHnfr the passers-by, hurling missiles of every description, and using the most obscene and disgusting language; uttering horrible jells and making as much noise as they possibly can, regardless of admonition or warning. And more especially is this the case during church hours: both on Sunday and week nights. Another very dangerous practice indulged in by these promising youths is that of carrying firearms, and quite carelessly firing them off in the most thickly populated parts of the district—to the danger of both life and limb. I have witnessed this even on a Sabbath day." Lecture ox the Crusades.—The fourth of the series of historical lectures, being delivered monthly in the South Brisbane Congregational Church, was given on Wednesday by Mr. W. Brookes, his subject being " Richard I. and the Crusades." There was a large attendance, and Mr. J. S. Kerr presided. The lecturer confined his attention principally to the Crusades, and the influence they exercised on the cukoms and position of the inhabitants of England at that period, which he maintained was very considerable, especially in the way of advanc ing knowledge and civilisation among those who were to a certain extent cut off from more enlightened parts of the earth. A hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer, and another to the chairman, brought the meeting to a close. The news brought from Europe by tho Torres Straits mail steamer and the extra steamer Mecca, is very satisfactory. The chances of war over the Eastern question appear to have been reduced to a minimum. The Berlin vote has been withdrawn, and it is to he hoped that the next telegraphic announce ment wm be to the effect that the various strong armament in the Mediterranean have been withdrawn too. Mr. Disraeli would hardly hare made an announcement in the Commons in the direction of a general pacifica tion, had he not been sure of his ground. The fact that the Ex-Sultan, Abdul Aziz, has com mitted suicide, is sad enough in itself, but his removal will save no end of trouble to the pre sent ruler of Turkey and his Government. There are many who believe that the poor ex potentate committed suicide by the hand of somebody else, more Turcorum. The first of a course of lectures was given on Monday evening, at the South Brisbane Wes leyan Church, by the Rev. A. Midgley. There was a very good attendance, ilr. N. Ride occupied the chair, and, in introducing the lecturer, announced the object for which the series were to he delivered, namely, the erection of a parsonage for the resident Wesleyan Minister at South Brisbane. " Men of Metal" was the subject taken in hand and was exceedingly interesting. The lecturer defined the various grades of society as being composed of gold, steel, pig iron, wrought iron, and tin men—the latter being by "no means a desirable class. It is hoped that the next and succeeding lectures will be even more successful than the first. The Rev. A. Midg ley announces " An Evening with tho poets," as the subject of the next lecture, which will be delivered on the loth August. <T„,. A srrPLEMENT to the Government Gazette, pub lished last Saturday, contains a circular despatch and enclosures, from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, relative to the proposed union rates of postage on" letters for the colonies. The scheme is one decided upon at the late Postal Conference at Berne, bv which a postal union of as many countries as were willing to join should bo formed, and a uniform rate of inter national postage adopted, or rather that six different-rates be established, according to the distance the letters 'would have to be carried. As by these rates the Australian colonies would not get their letters carried any cheaper or more expeditiously than at present, it is not likely that they will care to join tho union. The following is the report of the slate of | the asylum for the week ending July 9, 1876: —In the house at last report, '236 males, 131 females; since admitted, 3 males; discharged, 1 male; remaining, 23S males, 131 females. Total, 369. ' 1 Ax excellententerlainmentconsistingof music, | readings, and recitations, was given at the Bap tist Chapel, SamfardBoad, by several amateurs from the city on Monday evening, Mr. "W. Bell occupied the chair. The programme included covm-ni enina " Wmrrs." u SilveT threads among the gold,*' " "Whispers from Erin," and "The Reaper," the latter being admirably rendered by a young lady amateur. Two duets on the pianoforte and violin were also given, as well as "Bird of the forest" and "The happy hunter." The well-known trio " We meet again in gladness," and a Quartette " Home, sweet home," were also given, the latter by four sisters. The entertainment also included the following readings and recitations:—" Advance Australia," "Thebashful man," "Thelegend of Lochbury," and " Matchmaking at Ros common," some of which created considerable amusement. The entertainment was a most successful one in every respect, and theaudience went away well satisfied with the efforts which had been provided for their entertainment. The usual anniversary tea-meeting in con nection with the Primitive Methodist Church, Leichhardt-street, was held on Tuesday evening last. There was a good attendance at the public meeting, which was held after tea, andat which Mr. M.Ward presided. TheRev. J. Williams read the annual report, which showed the affairs of the church, all things considered, to bo in a satisfactory condition. The debt on the church had not been reduced to the amount anticipated, but that was accounted for by the fact that two other churches—one at Too wong and the other at Fortitude Valley— were in course of erection, and the meeting pledged itself to reduce the debt by £100 I during the present year. Several hymns were sung daring the evening, and addresses de livered by the Revs. E. Griffith, E. Adams, W. Powell, J. Kingsford, and W. Wilson. The meeting terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. We learn (says Tuesday's Queensland Times) with much pleasure that Mr. William Berry, at present on the literary staff of "the Brisbane Telegraph, has accepted the assistant-mastership of the Ipswich Gram mar School. Mr. Berry received his edu cation in the school, and was one of the most successful pupils which it has turned out. He matriculated with credit in the Melbourne University, but circumstances prevented him from taking his degree. He then entered the service of the Board of Education, and proved himself a most conscientious, painstaking, and efficient teacher. He will be a decided acqui sition to the Ipswich Grammar School, and the new6 of his appointment has been received with much satisfaction by every one who has the interest of the school at heart. Sir. Albert Sachse has received the appointment of drawing master in the school. He is highly spoken of, and holds certificates from the Kensington (London) School of Design. The bazaar in aid of the Peal of Bells for St John'sChurchwasopened on Wednesday. There was a large attendance, and about half past seven Sir Maurice O'Connell arrived, and in a few appropriate remarks declared the bazaar opened, on which the Queensland Bellringers, who occupied a position in the gallery, rung a tower peal in a very creditable manner. Abun dance of music was provided, the hell ringers. and the band of No. 3 Company Q.V.R., playing at intervals during the even ing. The hall was decorated with flags, and the various tables were laden with fancy articles of all sorts, shapes, and sizes, tastefully and elegantly arranged. It would be impos sible to give any idea as to the number and variety of the articles presented for sale—they must be' seen to be appreciated. Among the specialities may be mentioned a miniature joss house, illuminated by tapers, a pair of pictures in Berlin wool, an easy chair, with cushions of Japanese embroidery, a splendid quilt of crochet work, smoking caps, and a large assortment of fancy articles usually found at hazaars. The stalls were under the supervision of Mesdames G. Harris, Hamilton Scott, S. Davis, Barron, Sutton, H. Bell, Eden, Caiman, Cooper, Snelling, and Misses Mosely, Craeknell, Page, and Sutton. There was also a refresh ment stall under the gallery presided over by Mrs. T. Jones.* But the most important feature of the bazaar was the exhibition of the " type writer," an ingenious machine, i intended to take the place of tho pen I in ordinary writing. It resembles the I family sewing machine'in sizo and appear | ance. Writing is done simply by touching keys which are arranged in four rows of eleven each. On each key is plainly printed the letter represented, and by depressing any key, the corresponding letter is printed on the paper, and the action is fully as rapid as that of the piano. Anyone who can spell, can write with it, and one can become an expert in two or three weeks. The type receives ink from moving ribbon, thirty-six foet long. The writing is as legible as print, and tho average speed is from thirty to sixty words per minute, while that of the pen averages twenty. The machino is a clever bit of mechanism, and is well worthy of a visit. 