UNLESS some bolder and more determined conduct be punned by Mr. SPEAKER than Las hitherto been adopted, our Legislative Assembly will become as notorious for its ill-behaviour aa some kindred institutions • are .at the present time in the United StateB. The bowie knife and the revolver have not yet been displayed in our Chamber, simply because they do not form any part of the nsual apparel of our legislators; but a weapon, more readily at command "and more «tip able of complete concealment, equally as dangerous to peace and courtesy is freely used, because it is not, like the deadly weapon, productive of legal consequences. Compare the proceedings ol almost any of our public meetings with many an evening debate in the Legislative Assembly, and the former will be found conducted in an incomparably more respectable manner. There the voice of the Chairman has the ring of authority, and none but the most ignorant or the moBt violent of the roughs present dare disobey it; to question ' the ruling' is never thought of. But in our Lower House of Parliament Mr. SPEAKBB has become a cipher, fie eits oracularly in the chair; and now and again reminds the House of his presence—that is, when the bounds of decency in language, of respect to ' hon. members ' -have long been - transgressed. But these reminders are of no effect. They are even set at nought. They are called in question, debated upon, and then rejected. Some honourably member may so far have a lingering courtesy for the ghost of order—may entertain, a sort of traditional respect, for that respectable dummy of the House's own choosing—as to load him to. chide a recusant representative for his rudeness to Mr. SPEAKER in not doing whai Mr. SPEAKER has told him to do, or for doing what Mr. SPEAKER has told him not to do ; and may aver in grandiloquent language that the House feels insulted' when its president is thus treated. But the evil day of collision or of utter degradation is but tided, over. The foundations of respect out of doors are shaken, and are fast giving way. -Those-within the ..walls; of parliament must have gone long ago, and can never be restored until the authority- of the Chair, Whoever may fill it, is sufjiciejat to .preserve a due temper of debate, whatever' latitude ' honourable members' may chooBe to give their tongues -when outside the House. Those of our representatives who outrage the conventionalisms of moderately decent behaviour during the sittings of the Assembly are the readiest to contend for the privileges of Parliament ; as if • privilege' covered licentiousness. Parliament has ever been jealous of its so-called privileges ; and at one time those privileges were of the most evtravagant kind.' Some, of them extended beyond the person of members; they reached even the servants and dependents of members. But in the wildest times of immunity to representatives, violence of | language and blackguardism of expression were never tolerated; either towards those 1 inside or outside the Honse. HALT.*!* says: j ' It hni been the constant practioe of tbe I House of Commons jbo repress disorderly or ; indecent behaviour by a censure delivered | through Mr. SPEAKER. Instances of this 1 are even noticed in the journals under EDWBBD VI. and MAEY ; and it is in effect assential to the regular proceedings of any Assembly # . * * 1 Prom this time (1681) it was .understood to be the law and usuage of Parliament, that the Commons might commit to prison any one of their members for misconduct in the House, or relating to it.' (Constitutional History, p. 782, ei. 1870). In those days the greater number of breaches of privilege were committed by persons outside the House, by the publication of lampoons and abusive pamphlets reflecting upon its members. This condiiot was variously punished. The offence jb.fts*:.Iong grdwq ipto desuetude.. But in this colony we have often the exact reverse of its circumstances. In place of an attack from without being made upon members of the representative Assembly, members of that Assembly are prone to make attacks—and the grossest ones too—under the cowardly cover of their privilege—upon persons outBide the House. There may be only three or four members so disposed; but that is sufficient. to leaven the whole body. Mr. M'ELHONE must be considered the worstapeoitnen of that trio or quartette The other day he opened the floodgates of his native filth and cowardice lor an attack upon twb of the supernumerary clerks in the LandB Department. After cursorily alluding to one of them, he said : * Another person named Byrnes, .who was a drunken unmitigated blackguard, and after being turned out of the Works Office, was 6hoved into the Lands Office, would receive some thing out of the Estimate if it were voted.' A vote for the whole Department being then under consideration. And further on in the debate, coward like again, he admitted that—' Of course he would not like to use the language he had made use of anywhere but there, as he would lay him self open to an action in the Supreme Court. But if hon. members thought he was a coward, he was willing to show them outside that he was not, in the way that Englishmen generally adopt. Mr. M'EL- HONE can know little about Englishmen, to suppose that any honourable-minded one would maglign another so foully as he has done, and shield himself from the legal consequences of his acts. If Mr. M'ELHONE, as he talks of fighting, would only just ' put up his hands' he would, see that they were anything but clean. Mr. W. BYRNES, junior, the day after the report of what had been said about him appeared in the newspapers, wrote a manly vindication of himself to the Herald, challenging Mr. M'ELHONE to the proof. This, of course, was not only a breach of the « privileges of the House,' but an infraction of the rules of the Civil Service. Mr. M'ELHONE renewed the attack ' upon information he had received,' and ' denied that he stated iu the House that he was afraid to say outside the House what he said in it, for fear of an action in the Supreme Court. What he said was that he could make statements in the House which, if made outside, even if perfectly true, would lead' to an action.' We do not see how that ' explanation ' mends matters. Mr. M'ELHONE still chooses the course, safer to his pocket, and perhaps his skin, of reserving his abuse for the place which affords him protection. It would be a waste of the reader's time and our space were we to detail further examples of the degenerate tone of discussion in Parliament. Not only by words but by acts has the dignity of the Chair been outraged, and outraged too by a Minister of the Crown. In the British House of Commons a gentleman in that position respects tbe courtesies and usages of Parliament, and the amenties of polite society, but here, in our motley Assembly, all these axe dragged by him through the mire. 