CHRISTMASTIME. Beautiful indeed are all the festal occasions of they ess, subdividing time by their regular reenrrenoe, arid diversifying the dream o human life aB it glides awriy between earth and heaven. They are like ancient chutohes, which we meet as we pass along upon' onr mortal jonrney, green with the ivy of centuries, sanoUfied with the prayers of generations, precious to ns for th® clustered memories of ages whioh ore around themi and'sacred fortho softening and purifying influence wbioh th®: »Bht of kieir Pioturad windows eeems to oy with it -to the soul. Amsngst all these hallowed festivals there is nono, however, bo welcomo to the heart as the happy, holy season of Christmas. It is essentially- the feas of " other days," and one which brings before nsi the tonderest and brightest re collections, images- fairer and I dearer farthan.tho realities still visible; the ! one whioh awakens those echoes ef the past ! that at other anniversaries pre silent as tho dead, Then it is above all other timss that we letravel the windings and wan derings that onr j ieet have trodden' since the remotest hotir at I which memory -pauses, baffled as she vainly J tries to penetrate the impervious dpfkness j that Bhronds the few first for ever-f orgotten I jears.of our wenderfnl existence. Then it is i that we gather again, iri' 'imagination, the j primroBOS that gave form to'pnr firstohildish 1 emotions of beanty ; tben we dash again ' with j bounding heart amongst the playnjatsB of I , onr boyhood, And live once more the brilli- 3 int, Btormy. days ef youth. It brings-bock to I ns for a moment the innumerable array , of i visionary thoughts thstTceep deploying as if r. bom ODe eternity to another, now in dark and I snllen,, masses;1 now in' long "and - dazzling j lines, brightened As it with speiar-polnta and I standards ; now accompanied with music I warlike and '' tempestuous, now with I 'dates and soft recorders," not breathing I paeans of victory, but hymns of peace. Then ltis'that thephantsieaaAgoriA of bygone- life dance npon the "shadowy wall before us, -and' the mind 1b .thronged with" thoughtathat, like phantoms, trackless come and go." Memory steals to onr side; bearing in her hand the -prism, of-" imagination)' /through which we look into the long vlstae behind ns, peopled with the old familiar forms, which we cherish the more fondly that we may never see them more; for then it is. That she givj< m baok the df ad, . K'cn in iheloved'Sj A:k».th®y wprp... On that day the mother thinks of her children -scattered -through -the world; and the deepest emotiona of her heart are. stirred: and many a one that has sought a . home 1 in other lands, and is fain to own them a more m prosperous abode, longs to be once -more 3 amongst the merry groups in his childhood's 9| home. That childhood's heme )— how it rings, U like a glove in spring, with the din of, crcn- a tores blither tliaq , all the birds in the world I H How bright the bolly bough looks down npon H their -happiness i How .cheerily bums the H ynle log, like an altar-forge . where ' links of g» affections are welded, never too be broken I K What & thrill the pleaunt song sends through these innocqpt hearts' I What kindliness m beams in the eyes of all; xs they seem gathered H together round the. holy, -well, .of -lovo whioh B apringsnp. at. Qhristmaa. time in.the arffi- H deserts of life i There, beside- that. borne, is, is the old oburohyard where -we often climbed B reach the starling's and -the . martin's nest; B t'le,e lie toe loved and:wenerptefii< -ter whov,! H even now that so many years have passed, - B 0 feel-in tola hnaheA and solemn hour as if B u were.ipplety ao .utterly- ;to haye ceased: ti weepfor-t-so>9eldomtoJaniember,,,r- i v: .'lOOii 'T .) ' . \ :1V To how many a reader of this will these remembrance » recur ? — remembrances of old lands and old times— remembrances of a Christmas that Australia can ncvor know ? tho days are dim in these old, beloved scenos, the nights held long and dreary sway, tho wihdows aro 'fretted with arabesques of frost, the wind is moaniug with melancholy sw-ind, t ' ( plains are covered with a snowy mantle, a '1 Ihe woods are wreathed with Parian whre. Everything around recalls to ns the thousand associations which aro attached inseparably to the season in onr mind. But here, in Australia, all this ia changed. Doming, as it does, in one . of the brightest months of our burning Slimmer, and appeal- ling by none of its natural surroundings to any of the sympathies which are linked with the traditional Oliristmas of our affections, it is impossible that this festival . conld be celebrated in a similar, manner. Some sturdy sticklers (or . antiquity- may, it is true, attempt to oopy, even here the old domestic reunions which were wont, to mark the season in their earlier years'; but who will say that a dinner in the shadiest room to which the breezes aro courted through open lattice, is knything like the groaning board made ruddy with the plow of a blazing hearth ? No ; with ns Christ mas is and must ever be, a' day of.al fresco enjoyments. . We cannot, even if we would, transplant to our shores the eld holiday, as the Pilgrim Fathers did. Nature woos us abroad with her sunniest smile, and we cannot refuse to fly inter her asms. Picnics, and not diwuer Darties. and the social gatherings of an Australian Christmas ;and the warm dining-room ef our youth is exchanged for tho cool nook beneath tho trees, or the pleasant waters of the rivers or the bays. Green banks, gay dresses and plashing oars — these are more associated with Christmas as it exists for us than even the holly berry and the mistletoe whioh are twined arorind itsmemoiy in our .hearts. If we think of tho Bible narrative and of tbo beautiful night-tcen'ea tboro brought before us, from the time when the pastoral lay was broken-by-a voice among tbe Btars to tho flight of Mary and Joseph into Egypt, we must feel that Christmas loses nothing in its suggestivoness becauso it falls at a season when the nights arc so gloriously beautif ul as, they are with ns. ' It lias been also said that the cold aud dismal aspeot whioh nature wo are about Christmas-time at home, gives an additional zest to the home pleaanreB to which Chritsm&s; is tooie so peculiarly devoted. But we cannot help thinking that, if we have less of indoor enjoyment, we have also less of the debasing riot which too often attends highdays at' home. So that, taken all in all, though we may suffer a little from the heat and 'dust, : and though wo may look rather brown and oleaginous at our amusements, the " merry, merry bells of yule1" may ring as appropria tely in our beautiful summor as thoy ever! did in tho frosty winter of other dimes. After all, even the English Christmas' itself has changed, and is almost as different as in Australian ono from tho. jolly royster- ing Christmas of former times. To be sure , the Bhops are fctfll gay, the streets are full, and all the journey men of all the tailors are nut in requisition, tho hatter brushes up his hats, the milliner beguiles yonng ladies oxt of their coin for the winter colors of the Modes du Mois, and toe f urrier's shop .has in ft a world ef comfort, There is sometimes still an odour haunting tbo corners of streets where women sell baked apples and piemen loiter with their hot temptations, spiced gingerbread is still vauutingly proclaimed, and managers of theatres and pastrycooks are in all their glory. Pantomimes and cokes abound, and one gan'dy nigh t succeeds an - other, till we almost, gsow tired of feasting and late hours, and the oompany of chil dren. Business is bnt, a name, aad drollery is tho order of the day. Tragedy roare her gorgeouB bead jewelled and crowBed, and " soeptred pall comes sweeping by." Har lequin, too, as we .corned still— that glittering mystery, a thing between fairydom and humanity. Colnmbine is admired, And Pantaloon applauded ; both, it would seem, born for nothing bnt to dance and smtlefor the plea mre of enraptured thousands. ,. The play bills etill flaunt about, diBolosing the seorets of too coming night, and .they are as mysteriously magnificent as -ever in the announcement of wood demons, horsemen and -vanltors, brazen shields and fatal masks, ' fire eaters, juzglere, end quadrupeds of -every variety ef shape and of intelligence, White, blaok, and grey, with all their train. We may even' at times, hear , the touching carol (if the waits as it rises through the Bilence of the night, and the maiden's eye will still melt at the talff of love and her hand fling down from her open casement the bright silver piece, the guerdon for the grateful song. The postman, and toe charity boys, and a host of others, even yet expect their Christmas- boxes. New Year'B gifts are exohanged. between friends and relations. : In Ireland the wren -is suspended on St, - Stephen's Day ; from the holly bough, | surrounded with all the bravery of ribbons ; gnisere go about the street in. Sootland, 'on New Year's Eve, nttering a wonderful jargon and performing antics of the most extraordi nary kind;, and everywhere throughout th® British Isles kings and queens abonnd on that last of Christmas - holidays, the gay Twelfth night festival of enow- white, con fectionary, of oakes ami beans, All this, it is true;'-' we .have still ; bnt where now is the " right-hearted revelry of ancient days?" Where now is the manchet, and wastel«bread, and ,peacock-pie of by gone banqueting ? Where are the slaughtered beeves, thejbroaohed wine-casks, the huge barrels of nut brown , ale ? Where are the embroidered- coated heralds and the scarlet-coated, , pursuivants, toe 'wandering knights and teiL worn pilgrims? Where are the holy, brethren, with sacks and wallets, gathering largesse? Where - la the troubadonr ' on his palfrey rich with spangled housings ? Where is now the Lord of Misrule, the Abbot of- Unreason, the Boy Bishop,' and the Master of Marry Disports ? Where are tho hobby horses, the dryads, the Irish dressee, toe buokram jerkins, and -the drunken masqne? Where is P&laphilos;, Prince of Sophie, - and. the "most mag nificent and renowned Thomas, Prince 'of Alba Fortunata ?" Where are the brawn and mustard that were eaten, and malmsey wine that was so freely drunk in those' old carousals? Where are Sir Randlo Rackabite, Sir Morgan Mumchancc, Sir Fraccis Flatterer ? Whore is pa>sed the glory and the d-eam ? So much, in fact, has changed that some one, with a little poetic exaggeration, has said : — Gone are ail thoso golden days of >ore; When Chiistimu was a high da; ; Its puts we now shall sco no more; ' lis turned inte Hood Friday. -,We know not if even Shakespere's des cription of the Night would hold good at present, when he tells nsthat. -< Ever 'gainst that srason comes o herewith our Saviour's birth is celebrated The bird of dawning siagoth a'l night long, ' Anth«xthevsay no > pint can walk abroad ; - The nights are wholesome thai ; no planets strike. No f .iry lakes, nor wi-oh has power to chatm. .So hallowed and so gracious ia toe time. . - - a If; Christmas hot been changed so. much' At home, it is not strange- that it should assume, a different form in olime where al- \- most everything is eoapletoly reversed. Nor 18 this oven o be regretted, We mast have Christmas of onr own — an Australian equivalentfor the Wintry anniversary of onr ancestors, wreathed with summer flowers, and surrounded with tho associations of a poetry racy of onr sunlit soil. It is with this idea that we present the public of these colonies, with this sketch, , which will speak to them of tbe life they livo. and of tho scenes by which they are surrounded. ; Wo antioipate, therefore' a hearty wel= oome for the few native flowers which we have gathered here to take the piaoo of those which can only flourish in another land, , There are, however, many old nsa,ee connected with Christmas whioh are as well sqited to our new home as to onr old one, and happily they are the best— the only ones worth preserving. Amongst these,1 and next only to the charity of Christmas, are the delights of social and do mestic intercourse, which its genialsplrit tends so abundantly to promote. In these gather ings Christmas seems to demand almost as a right hie tribute of tales, and songs, and jokqs, and. riddles.. We cannot refnse it, It is the inspiration of toe season, and it -will seize us quite as powerfully by the side of the sinuous, Yarra as in tho comfortable home at Bloomsbury or thj West End, In the old days we naturally delighted in the old tales. Then it was that our literary horizon was peopled with dragons, lit up with 'fiery 'chariots, aud beautified with magical rain bows. Then did Blue Beard sweep fieroely by— astern image of mysterious and fero cious pomp, composed of Persian satrap and Grand Turk— with all the parade of camels and slaves and waving banners in his train. Then did we penetrate the high and tangled woods, in whioh the Sleeping Beauty lies oonoealed ; and we accompanied poor little Red Riding Hood through the green Ianee, wistfully peeping at the " cheese oakes" and "the pat of butter" as we went along: Then, too, did wa love to stray in the realm of Oberon, in whoso orown the jewels are dew. drops from . the pearliest rote — that- world in which p, harebell is a palace, a primrose' a hall,: an anemone. a enp, and a daisy a shieling. How we longed to be possessors of that bntt of dew whioh,in the form of a hazel nut filled with the tears of morning and evening, shall be presented to the inspired barb of our earth who, by the music of his lyre, shall lay all the pipes of the Silent Peopla mute, and charm the tiny emperor asleep on his Titania's- bosom beneath the unconscious honey moon that hangs like a cresset in the heaven of Fairyland I With what, mysterous awe we saw those sprightly riding in long and bean tiful arrayB by the light of the moon,orsittingin seven oirole'e in the bottom of a deep ravine, drinking neotar out of onps of silver and gold no bigger than . the -dew-oup flowers. How their wild' unearthly eyes, all of one bright sparkling hne, tarnsd upon ub at the same moment, and how their , undistinguished whisperings sonnded fearfully in -our ears 1 Then, too; was it onr delight to listen to the wild legends of witch and warlook, in which we were borne away to the , blasted heath to hear the gibbering of Paddack and - Gray .rnalkin. "rhe.air:hath bubbles as the wator hath, and thote are of thorn." What a ghastly atmosphere enveloped these weird sisters — these illomened beldames I What a hellish spirit seemed to breathe through their skinny lips I What a fierce compression of their choppy fingers, as they uttered their salemn prophecy— half bension half malison foreboding voioes that, with hideous shrieks, syllabled men's names in " antres vast and deserts wild I" More frightful .still, and perhapB more fascinatingly dreadful were' the ghost stories, which mada the hair to bristle aud the heart to quake. The stories are ail, no dsnbt, as old as the ' hills, but we knew nothing of that, and they were nono the ..worse for their want of originality. We 'little imagined then that the jokee at which we. laughed, so heartily are in Hierocles, and that he again ia -but a revival of the jesters of. the Hast. It. is the same in everything.. Punch, who. castigates Judy for the benefit of the street andiennee is the Arleohi'np -of Italy—the deiscendant of the Fescennlnes — the regular representatives of the drolls of the golden age. -The very cantripes of our witohes, their hell broth and cauldron are all :in Apnlelns, who is. himself -bnt an eoho of times mnch older, _ a dim shadower forth of mysteries by himself not understood. Ghosts havo flourisked in all their glory from the earliest times, and we know of no addition to their terrors, There , is nothing in the castle of Otranto— nothing in the mysteries of Udolpho, we mean nothing of inoident, that the world has not heard before. The White Lady of Avenel, piercing the centre of toe earth, and singing her wondrous songs, is to be found in many, a fabling sago. Here again it is true that "there, is nothing new under the snn," Bnt little we cared for that as long as we wexeamnsed or interested, or even tolerably well terrified. Ohristmas was the time for joke,. and song, and story; -they were a want of the season, and we had them; and whether they were new or old, they are amongst the pleasantest recollec tions that we have, . We need say' no more. Bless you, my gentle masters an'd miscsesses all I May . mirth and happiness be with you. We pledge you in a cup of brightest Australian ; wine I — . Wassail to you and yours and all ! All health! 