KEANE MALCOMBE'S PUPIL, rjeaoii Atx the year round.] Chapter IV. Autumn in Scotland is a beautiful season— the Cranberry and the scarlet rohan. mako the woods lair, while the dying ferns glow with every shade of golden brown, almost mailing the colors of a Canadian ' fall.' I love to deck tho drawing room at Whitegate3 with these pretty fronds and shining red berries, but this vear fern fronds grow golden, rohana red, and yet they are on* gathered by my band. Whitegates ia eilent and dreary, for it3 miatres3 Iie3 on a sick bed, and hashed voices are heard ; while footfalls steal softly up and down the low broad stairs. Nannie and I look gravely in each othor's faces, and wonder when this trouble will bo lifted off our hearts. Ah! what a groat deal I would now give to be fioolded for making ' snippetings ' on the carpet — to hear Auntio wage war against the faintest suspicion of dU3t ! What would not poor Nannie give to have tho mis^re33 ' worriting ' in tho kitchen again ! What would not any of us give, my friends, to have back again the trifles that most tried and annoyed as, if they were caused ' bj one dear to us, and that beloved one has drifted from aa, and will never try our patience tujymoro? . Oh for the hasty word, the CM33 Idok, that tried U3 ao sorely at the. time, for with .them. we have lost the doge handclasp, the. loving, peiu . tent smila that strove to make up for both ! Aunt Janet had beea methodically well all her life, and .she U now methodically ill. . The blind in hor room has to be lowered to the exact . division of the narrow -wiudow»pana; 'the medicine phial placed precisely in the centra of the little table by her bed-side; and she Iie3, patiently suffering pain and weakness neatly clothed in a blue and white knitted shawl, and smoothing with her feoble hands every chance crease in the snow-white quilt of her bed. Day by day, in uncomplaining feebleness, she passes away f arthor from us, distressed if her medicine ia a few moments delayed, and drawing my head down to whisper the word 'dust' in my ear, and point with her thin worn hand to some neglected spot where a eon-ray makes the gathered dust visible ; but joined to all these characteristics is a new strange tenderness to me. Ono evening, when I am sitting by her side, aad ?have bid tho big Bible down upon the bed, be cause the light has grown too dim for me to read, ?-aha puts her hand up to my face, and softly pats any; cheek, saying to mo : 'I havo loved you more than yon think for, ?dearie!' Tho Bweet Scotch word sounds very tenderly jn,o-y ears, and I feel teara starting to taj eyes, oa uho goe3 on speaking jn the to'ico that has grown eo feeble, and usad-.tojra so clear «nd.sfrong. ' We Erasers aronoi a people that say. much, child-; Ibut.rvo loved you well, for all that £ may havo seemed .hard now and again. 'God shield my laramie from harm 1' , Things had not coma jtb^thls jp&is; without a' ?struggle. Long had the' 'bravo lady ?'-striven to fight against growing weakness and wearing pain ; nil at last, ono morning, Aunt Janot declared she ' -bad better 'lie by a bit ;' and Nannie came to my room with an expression of countenance ?which in any other household would havo meant that the kitchen chimney was on fire at the least ; for indqed it was a strange thing for ' the mistress' to give in like that! So dear, kind Auntie is ' lying by a bit ' still. Once I had hoped tbat rest would restore some 6f her Io3t strength, and I was angry with tho ? villogo doctor that he did not seem to agree with my. opinion. I even tried to tell Aunt Janet how I longed to see her about again, and how the -unpty chair, and tho knitting-pins lying idle on (the who table by tho window, made mo 'feel bo L . wry sad and lonesome ; but she shook her head. T ' I never hold with people fiddle- faddling over things, child ; and if you re to lay by, why lay by ail at ohco, and don't .be up one day and down another, upsetting tho house with not knowing your own'mino1.'' ' -? ?..-..? a I think to myself with a chill foreboding,! 'ti A-UBtrJanetlaidbyfor always? Is' sbd going to leave mo ? Is God going to ? tako-hor from me ?' Ana aa I think theso thoughts, a rush pf bitter Beir-roproach comes over my heart,' for I know' I ' navo not valtfedher enough'; ' ? ? ' The morting1 after that one iff which I hava' vainly tried to persuade hor to leave her room, I come#pon Kanmo, flitting by the. kitchen- table, with her apron over her head, and when sho .hoars my stop, and uncovera hor face, it is all blurred with tears. c?Why, Nannie,' I say., 'dear old Naanio, what baa happened to you !' .. 'I've bin pooling onions, Miss Mabel; and whon once yon vegetables sets mo going, I got thinking of all Id ad a; and tho houso seems lone some wi' no one to worrit mo, or find a fault wi' tho place not boin' bo tidy as it might.' Here Nannie makes for tho door loading out into tho little wash-house, and when sho has got this door partly open, sho says, not looking at mo tho while : ' It seoms, too, as if Master Donald don't come so often now to brighten tho old houso wi' big bonnio Binilo ; and the deil puts bad thoughts in a crooked old head like raino, MUs Mabel — Lord forgio me !' With this the door closes smartly, and Nannio is gone. Hitherto I liavo hardly dared to ask my own heart what othor source of sadness, boyond and underlying all ray nnxioty about Aunt Janet, is with mo day by day and hour by hour ; but oven as Nannie's faithful voice bad been the first to put into words the vague, delicious Bwootnoss that had stolen into my life, so now it wa3 left for hor to set before me, in 'tangiblo form, tho bitter truth that I had lacked courage to define. Shrinking and quivering undor Nannie's words, I do not, daro not, stop to set my troublo yet more plainly before me, and to look it in the face.. To-day ho has promised to come— Donald, my Donald— and I.shall feel theclosp.of his dear arms, and his loving kiss upon my lips ! Slowly the long hours pass, and at length it drawn near the hour that he will come. Summer has lost a day, and left it bohind her, it secou to me, bo warm, and still, and ounny is this bright afternoon. Insects chirp and buzz in the grass, under the pleasant delusion that summer is be ginning again ; birds sing in every tree, as I watch for my darling : listen for the quick step up tho lane, and the click of the whito gate. But my fingora grow weary of working, and tho shadow of tho great dark fir lengthens out. Twice I have been to Auntie's room; twico the weak voice — oh how weak it grows ! — has asked: 'Is the laddie nae como?' Twice I have answered, with determined hopefulness, ' Not yet,' 03 though his coming were but the question of a few moments' delay. But there is no footstep, and the gate-latch makes no sound. I am becoming a living, and very striking, example of the truth of tho Psalmist's assertion as to the effect of ' hope deferred,' and feel cold and miserable I call Nannie to light tho fire, and wrap myself up in a big soft Shetland shawl, that Donald bad christened the 'grey cloud.' 'It's cold you are, my lammie,' says my dear old nurse, falling into the child-name unawares ; and hor keon grey eyes look anxiously into my face,, as she folds the grey Buawl closer around mo, and coaxes the fire into a cheery blaze. I am glad, though, when Nannie goes, for I have an uncomfortable feeling that sho knows me for a vain watcher. Whon it is quite dusk, he comes. I hear bis Btep ; the well-known knock, which Nannie 'answers so promptly, that I feel con vinced aho has been keeping a private watch of her own, from tho little narrow window by the hall-door ; then the quick run up the low broad stain. But I sit quite still. Some strango pre sentiment of evil is over me ; I shrink from some nameless pain that is coming. 'Are you very angry, Mab?' And the dear haad I love is laid upon my shoulder, the dear bright face bends down to look into mine. 'Are you ill, Mabol ? What is it ?' be continues, as I do not speak. ' You are shivering, in spite of the ' grey cloud.' ' I feel like some tired and weary child, and as he stands behind me, I rest my head against him, and eay : 'No, Donald, not ill; only ? ' Then something rises in my throat, and chokes me, aud I stop. ' Only cross ?'' he suggests, not moving from me, bat without the least caress. ► 'No; only tired, very tired,' with ft weary emphasis on tho ' very. Ho turns away from me, and stirs the fire into a blaze. ''Don't be hard upon a fellow, Mab,' ho saya, after a rather awkward silence. 'I'll nevor do it ;again ; I'm awfully sorry. What ! You won't speak 7' And ho kneels down beside me, and catches my tiro hands' in his. All his old power over mo ia asserting itself. I feel a smile trembling round my lips, and am ready, as the children say, 'to Kiss and be friends.' He looks at me with laughing eyes : '' Ah ! Mab, you can't bo angry with mo long. I didn't mean to break my promise ; bat the time passed quickly, and she— I mean, Miss Vandalour, you know— played divinely; and really, Mao, you mustn't be too hard upon me. You should romember, 'boys will be boys.'' And he laughs uneasily. I start aa though somo venomous thing had stung me ; I throw my arm3 around his neck ; I hold him so tbat I can look into his eyes. J/UUUIU, Kill 1UD, UU UiJ UillUUJj, lOll IUtJ, WHO told you to Bay that to me?' There was no guile in that poor young nature. He answered me at once, though with a hot flush ?upon cheek and brow. ' She only said it in jest, Mab ; it was Mra. Vandaleur.' ' Who is taking my name in vain ?' And the firelight snows me a round fair face, smiling at U3 from the open door, and a playful finger hold up in affected displeasure. Tho Erasers may not bo people who 'say much,' but at all event3 they are not deficient in pride, and in a moment I havo forcibly calmed my troubled looks, and risen to bid our mo3t un timely visitor 'Good evening.' ' We have parted so short a time since,' she Bays, trailing at my Donald, 'that it ia hardly needful, to say .'how do?,'. is it?,, My anxiety about oar dear invalid. was such,' .she continues, holding my unwilling hand, in' both' he'raj ' that J gladly-accepted Mrs.'Fo'raytliti'f offer of a' Beat in hercarxiago osfariaaMWhit'esatw. -How is Misa-Frftser to.day.2.' -,.: ton U! ??-?- -- Tha^hprriblo emsihasia. Mr&.jyandaleur puts upon, little . words, here. 'and tnor.e in heir conver sation, seems loimtijtaimsry- nerve 'inTnV bodyj and;l am gbd'togft tffltof qfcb'fcwnVdiS the plea of going to see Mrs. Forsyt1io/-i'j is: ' As I close tho door I hear .a .low soft laugh, and catch the word 'truant ;' .and I know that my enemy is rallying Donald oh my supposed displeasure. ? Mrs. Forsythe is sitting by Aunt Janet's bod Bide, and turns to me as I enter the room. Her face is as fair to see as evor— as nobly, grandly beautiful — and kindly enough ; but the old fond love that used to greet me is never there now. Day by day some shadow between us deepens. No longer are those long sweet talks in thogfoam iog -welcomo as of yore ; and why ? How often, as I he awake at night, do I ask mysolf that question? But I cannot toll how it i3 that this Btrange barrier Im imperceptibly arisen between hor heart and mine. Have you evor seen a bee, trapped in tho inside of a room, puzzled as to why ne cannot fly into the warm sunshine outside? Ho can see no wall between himself and tho groat scented honcy-ladon flowers bobbing against the windows so closo to him ; but for all that there is something strange tbat holds him back, and he buzzes and flutters, and bruises hia little qhining head against tho glass ; but, for all his efforts, he 13 aa far as evor from getting back to tho sunshine among tho flowers ? It' was so ?withmg. . I' could eivq no name to the 03trangament botweon [my first, best friend and tnysoTf, and yet it was thoro. I knew that in her noblo nature tbere could bo no placo for that potty jealousy of tho woman her son lovod, which can only ariso whore affection U but EolfbuuMn disguised. I knew that hor son's happiness and wolfaro were far dearer to her than hor own — far dear than life itself. If, thon, Donald lovod me, and my lovo could mako him happy, who could rojoico more- truly than' tho mother to whom he was bo dear? Strangely onough too, this.ostraogemcnton Mrs. Forsytho'3 part scorned to oxtend . to Aunt Janot, and was shown in a hundred little ways', that roused mo to stand on tho dofensivo ; for it scorned that of latoall tho' love and care of past years had grown dearer, and gained a now vafuo in my eyes, a3 1 had learnt to see thorn through a truer, clearer modinm. At - fimes, it seemed to mo, my old friends tried to cast aside this 'contrast, and to return to tbo dear old happy loving ways of old. And now, as I stood oy Auntie, and stoopad to kits tho wan whito faco upon tlio pillow, sho looked from ono to tho other, and I think for tho first time realised how dear Auntio and I had grown of lato to each other ; for she smiled, and gently took the worn hand lyiug on tho covorlet into hor own. ' I'd be put poorly oft* if it weren't for my dear truo lasaio here, Mistress Foray tho,' Baid Aunt. Janet; and then tho old cloud carao over tho beautiful proud face, tho smilo dyed away, and Mrs. Forsytho's voice was full of pain, a3 sho repliod ; 'Wo -cannot value too dearly tho3o who are really true and candid of heart— truo candor is rare, Miss Fraser !' I Eaw Auatio's keen, sunken grey eyes glanco curiously at hor face, and then at mine, with a wondering look ; and thon and thero I resolved that bo long as Heaven might spare my dear sufferer to me, so long would I shield her loving heart from any knowledge of tho strange uuknown orils that seamed gathering about her child. I threw off tho dopression that would havo held mo silent. I talked and laughed, and mado Auntio . laugh too, and whon Mrs. Foraythe and I returned to the now darkened drawing-room, I abated nothing of my gaiety; and at the last, as tho carriage drove down to the whito gate, I stood at tho hall-door, and kis3ed my hand merrily to Donald, looking back on mo with rather a puzzled expression in lm dear handsome faco, for I daresay ho thought me oddly changed since I sat, pale and weary, wrapped in the ' grey cloud.'. The day following there waa to bo a dinner party at Abbeylands. Now a dinner party at 'tho great houso' is an event— a Bort of thing that makes our village hold its breath, in awe and wonder at the doings of the great folks. Naturally Nannie enters into the general excite* rnent. and refuses to be comforted, when I toll her that I have made up my mind not to loayo Aunt Janet to go to tbo dinner, but only to join the festivities later in tho evening. ' It's just daft ye are, Miss Mabel, to think of doing tho liko,' Bays Nannie, with an indignant to3sof the head. 'I'd like to know who took care o' the mistress before ye cam' to Whitogates ? And as to going after all tho good things is eaten, why it's like eaten' tho rind of a pear, and having nano p' the heart of it. And tbat bonnio gown just new too ! Why it's a sin and shame to tiunk of it !' 'But, Nannie,' I say, Bmiling at her ve hemence, 'the now gown will bo seen just as well in the evening ; and, besides, it won't bo crumpled with sitting squeezed between two people all through dinner, vWell, well,' says my faithful retainor, ' there's something in that.; but I tall ye what, Miss Mabel— if the master wore, home, in place o' wandoring. about in a' kinds o' barbarous countries, he'd see that ye went, and enjoyed yoursolf wi'.the best o' them.' Now tho 'barbarous country' into which ray master had wandered was England, and he bad gone to attend the sick-bed of a brother. Thus, when most I needed the help and comfort of his guiding hand, tho loving counsel of hi3 faithful words, both were set far from me. » ? ? * » Como into the garden, Maud, I am hero at tho gate alone ! Thoso words, in Donald's rich 3weet tenor, aro the first Bound that greet my ear as I enter the Abboylands' drawing-room. Miss Vandaleur is playing the accompaniment, and her mother, with her head' very much on one side, is watching the performance, with an ex pression of countenance that seems to appeal to society in general to pardon the- warmth of a mother's feelings, and excuse her being slightly agitated in consequence of these emotions. Mrs. Fcrsythe, half reclining on a sofa at the end of the room, looks pale and weary, and. as she ? holds out her hand, and draws mo down to her side, there is more of tho old tenderness in her face than I bavo Been there for many a day ; but what i3 that expression in her oyes, mingling with the old love ? Is it— can it bo— pity ? She still holds my hands in tors, and asks me softly about Auntio, and how I havo left her. Our whispering has been heard, and Mrs. Vandaleur turns a sweet, reproachful look upon U3, a sort of ' how can you ?' which affectually silence us. Come into the garden, Maud ! How his voice lingers and thrilU on tho last sweet word ! No wondor the fair head, with its crown of golden plaits, sinks lower over the deft white fingers ! ? Maud, Maud, Maud ! Will the eong never end ? Does he know I am here, listening to every note, making the passionate pleading tones that linger on her name? What of tho scent of the sweet-briar and the low song of tho river, as ho kissed me in that far-off happy time? . The black bat night ha3 flown ! Nay, rather some thick darkness is gathering about me, and shutting but tho light of tho very sun itaolf ! ?? ? Was there some terrible anguish written in my face that touched the heart of my old friend ? I know not ; but she rose hastily, and whispered to me :- . 'lam ill and tired. I must go to my room, Mabel, for a little rest and quiet. No, do not follow me ; ask Mrs. Vandaleur to do the honors forme. And she noiselessly left tho room. Qjjameb V. Do any of U3-know the hoight, and depth, and fulness of our tenderness fora thing, until tho dread of losing it falls upon us like a dark shadow ? Was over tho beloved son, tho only son Isaac, bo dear to tho heart of the patriarch, as when he bound the lithe young limbs to tho boras of the altar, and laid the boyish head down on the sacrificial wood? Was ever Donald so inexpressibly dear to mo as when I resolved, with my own hand, to dig a grave for tho love that had grown to bo the very core and heart of my life ? Mrs. Forsvtho's party is over at last, and Bho has roturncd to the drawing-room to speed her parting guests. I have gone up3tairs, tied on my my bonnot, and wrapped tho ' grey cloud' round my - shoulders. I am ready to go homo, and Donald is waiting, to walk thore with mo ; yet I linger in Mra. Forsythe'3 room. Something tells me that sovor again shall I bo thore in the aame way, never again as her son's plighted brido. I know Donald is waiting, that may be Aunt Janet ia wearying for mo at homo, and yet— I lingon I stand befoio tho picture of the boy Donald, where onca I Btood with my hands full of fair spring flowers, on a day tbat seoms a lifotime back. I eland and watch tho picture smiling down upon me, and, aa I gazo, it comes homo to mo.that I havo loved Donald 33 ono Uk;s tbs Bunshiuo and tha flowors— just because thoy are, so bright and boatiful, wo cannot cuoobo but lovo them whon we sao them. Dooaid is— but hare I cbango tho tenso of my thought— Donald ' waB1' tho brightness and the beauty of my lifo. And now, farewell, Donald ! Farowell, ruy darling, mine no more !' Thus I say to myself ru I look up nt bis pictured faco ; but,liko a Quod, ouch a passion of lovo and corrow risoa in my heart, that hot blinding tears blur and blot the picture from my sight ; and with a Bob of unutterable pain, I turn away, and drawiug my veil closely over lny fuco, hurry down tho aoft-carnetcd stairs, aud into tho wido hall, whoro Donald stands at tho door, and Mrs. Vandaleur— fresh and energetic aa at tho beginning of tho oveuing— is imploring hia mother not to venture from tho warm drawing-room. But Mrs. Forsytho comes out to me, in spito of all Ihe3a adjurations, takes both tuy haiuU in hers, and kissea ray voiled face, while mine onoiny looks on with her bead vory much 011 ono sido, and a doprocatory amilo upon hor countou anco. There- is no need to toll you to take caro of such a precious charge !' says tho soft lying voico to my Donald — mino still, for a littlo spaco : a:id thoro is a mocking dovil in bar oyes that drives tno out into tho night, more- surely than a whip of Bcorpions. Thu3 auspiciouslv do wo set out on a walk, that u from that day fort to bo to mo a dear sad tnomory ; for even now I never hoar the word ' faro wall,' but I think of Donald and mysolf, walking side by sido through tho quiet night ; think of a star-goturned sky Boen through tho tracery of tree-branche3, whero the loaves whisper Boftly to each other ; think of tho sound of our inoasurcd f ootatops, and tho rustle of my dross upon tho ground. My hand rests on his arm, and I havo hard work to keep it from trembling, for tho silence, so unusual between Donald and mo, oppresses aud unnerves me. Thoro ia, too, a sonse of something that must bo done; something that must bo said, now— to- night— boforo wo como to the tall fir, and tho white gate that I already Bee gloaming in tho distance. ' Donald, I have a favor to ask you ; will you do it for mo ?' Ho gives a slight Btart, like one awaking from a dream, and answers me hurriedly, and with a painful attempt at plnvfuluciu : ' Will I do it, Mab ? Why, who ever disobeys the fairy queen ? ' ' I fear tho poor queen has no kingdom toroign ovor. Donald ; but for once, ju3t this onoo, let hor be obeyed. Will you promiso to como to mo to-morrow, in the aftornoou, and lot nobody keep you away ?' My breath is coming fast and thick, my voice is full of tears, and Donald turns his face away from mo as he answers, with a sort of tender pity underlying his words : ' I will como, Mab— I will not fail to como.' We have roachod the white goto now, and I lay my hand upon the latch, and turn to say ' Good night.' Ho understands that I mean to go up the avenue alone, but yet he stands beside me, and some power I cannot fight against makes mo throw back my voil, and look up into his face. The moonlight falh full upon me, and perhaps he reads some story in my eyes that touches him to pity, for ho says : ' Are you tired to-night, Mab?' and bends down and kisses mo softly. But where is the passionate tenderness of old? Why does tho touch of his lips chill me to tho core of my heart ? I rest my two hands on his shoulders, and, still looking up into his faco, I say : ' Good night dear !' And my voice lingers over the last word, as wo linger listening to some sweet music we may never hear again ! Without a word more ho leaves me, and I stand undor tho big dark fir, until the last echo of his footstep has died away ; then I go in, pass quickly by Nannie, pause at Auntie's door to ascertain that she is aaleop, and then, fairly in my own room, throw myself, all dressed as I am, upon the bed, and set mysolf to think. The quiet and silence was grateful to mo, tho being, at last, after bo long a tension of norvo and feeling, alone with myself, and free to look all things calmly in the. face. By tho timo I havo thought it all out, a faint grey light has dawned eastward, and, as I raiso my window, to breathe the cool, f coih morning air. the earliest little red breast, up before his fellows, sings his greeting to the day that is just born. I kneel, and look out towards the ever* increasing light ; the whirl of my thoughts has resolved itsoTf into this : 'It has bcon a mistake' — ' it' stands for all tho lovo and joy my lifo has ever known !— ' there, far away, tho now day ia dawning — and lifo is made ap of days ; and this burden of life and days I must now take up alone!' But lot the day be ever so fraught with pain, ever such a crisis in the history of a life— all thoso little commonplace duties, that form so largo a part of a woaan's life, thrust themselves forward just the same. As the day wcar3 on, I havo to listen to Aunt Janet's slow details of hor symptoms during the night ; fo answer a thousand questions as to tho progress of tho household management, now wholly in my care ; and, hardest ta3k of all. to hide my troubled heart from Nannie's keen and loving eyes. Soon after I had gone through the farce of making believe to eat my poiitary dinner, sho makes a sudden appearance at the drawing-room door, her face full of some important news. 'There's a letter from tho minister, MLh Mabel; and Mistre$3 Malcombe'a Molly has brought it over for ye to see. Mrs. Janet'3 glinking at it the noo, and she'll be wcel content if you'll go and read it over to her as soon as may be.' I am supposed to bs working at fino darning some of Aunt Janet's famous household linen ; but, truth to tell, my needle makes but little progrO33, aud I havo an uncomfortable con Bciouaneas that Nannie is making a noto of this fact. 'Pat tho work here, Miss Mabel,' she says, glanping at three lines of darn, the feeble result of half-an-hour's work ; ' you're no woll the day, I'm thinking.' I maka her no reply ; but go to Auntie's room, thinking, as I wenamy way there, 'Are things not going- hardly enough with me already, that I must faco this'tfrdeal of reading aloud my master's letter ?-^a letter written in ignorance of all tho Borrow that is gathering about mo, left as I am without lm guiding hand, his faithful, loving counsel J' Now the advent of ' a letter from tho minister' is an ovont in our village. 'Do ye ken that Miatros3 Malcombo had a letter from tho minister, yesternight?' b tho question, par excellence, that oach neighbor asks tho other ; for the 'minister' is in 'foreign parts,' and news from thoso distant regions' must needs bo of a startling nature. Aunt Janot is evidently pleasantly oxcitod by an agree, able senso of the honor shown to her, in tho im portant miasivo being Boat expressly for hor perusal. There is a taint pink spot on either sunkon chock, and her thin hand tromble3 as she hands the paper to mo, and bids mo read it c&ro;* fully, and seo ' all tho good man saya.' I do so ; and I think my voice does cot falter oven when I como to this : f'You and I, dear wifcy, will be comothiag lonesoque when tho boy Don.ild takes our liittlo Jlab away ; but she'll 'often come to see uj, I know, and bring tho same loving heart as evor, ovon if sho grows to b» a fine London lady !' As I'fold tholettor and by it down— handling it tenderly, as ono would a fljwer ttat sorao f.ir &w;&y; Ii.nd li.u sect i\s, and xhoioperfiimosps^Iu to us of tender lovo, and longing thoughts— Auntia looks at uio Bmilingly, .and Bays, as she gently pots my band : 'It'o truo forlliota, my dcario, they'll misjvou whe^ you'ro Mistress Donald Forsytha ; but there's ' a silver lining to tho cloud,' for they too, like mo, arc gottiug into yoars. and will feel tho comfort of knowing that thoro s a truo heart to tako care of you. Eh ! dear child, how well I scorn to think of you now, when first you csmo from heathen lands — such a wee bit wild lasaio, with your bonnio hair in a tanglo all over . your liead i Well, well— you and old Auntio havo got on mighty woll together !' ' . Words arc boyond me, but I bond down and kiss hor wasted hand. 'I'd bo woll pleased if you read to mo tho aong of Simeon— it would be a comfortable thing to mo just now, deario ;' and I reach down tho well worn old Riblo from its tholf , and read tho grand words of gladness and peace, to cars that will soon bo closed to tho voices of earthly comfort. 'Lord, now lottest. Thou thy sorvant depart in peaco ;' and in my heart I pray that this peaco may 'enduro unto tho end,' and 'that all know ledge that might ruQlo and disturb that peaco may be kept from her ! Thero is a footstep in tho avenue, a stop that has been wont to make my heart beat fast, but now brings only pain, and dread, aud fear. I read steadily on, Auntio repeating each word softlyaftor mo to tho end ; thon I closo tho book, and in a momont— or it seems a moment to mo— I am in tho sitting-room, and Donald comes forward to meet me. But aftor ono glance at my face, ho stops short. I clo3O tho door, but do not offer him any greoting. I daro not risk tho touch of his hand just then. Ho has turned away from mo, his aima aro resting on tho Ublo, and hia face is shaded by tho hand that bears a little gold ring I gavo him ono day by the river-side, while now and again, with tbo old, familiar, well-loved gC3luro, ho tosa93 back tho hair from his brow. My hands aro cold,- my lip? seoru hardly abloto framo the words I need, and my voice sounds liko the voice of somo stranger ; but tho will is strong as death within mo ! 'Donald, I have aakedyou to como to-day, to tell you aoincthing that lies heavy on my heart. It must seom strange aud abrupt for mo to speak of this bo suddenly, but I cannot soften it, or smooth it down, ko you must forgivo mo.' He neither stirs, or speaks, aud I move a step nearer to him ia my earnestness and pain. ' It has been all a tuiutnko, and wo havo found it out, and both havo lackod courage to Bay bo. Do you hear me, Donald ? It is not liko you to be cowardly ; why should wo not own it honestly, and part friends '!' Somo little lingering ray of hopo that has boon in hiding far dowu in my heart Bhines out with a audden, sweet, bright radiance— a wild longing to hear him deny tho truth of my words cornea over mo. I mako a stop forward, nearer still to where tho dear faco is hidden in tho hands that havo so often clasped mine ; but, at that momont, ho raises his head, and as our eyes meet, a etiflod Bob comes from my quiyoring lips, for in the faco tbat looks at mo there is sorrow, ahamo, sadnosa unutterable, but no love. His voice is hoarse and broken. ' Can you forgivo mo, Mab ?' And God, who knows the secrets of all hearts* knows that in that moment I forgive him, ovoo. as I hope to bo forgiven. Now that certainty has taken the place of fear, and of a half-unconscious hopo, my courogo comes to mo fourfold. I go close up to him, and take his hands in mine. ' Donald,' I Bay, ' thero is nothing to forgive; yon could not help it. Oh, sho is.ss fair, I do not wonder at it, dear ! And, indeed, the pain that . I am feeling now is as nothing compared to that of living, as we have been doing lately, with a shadow for ever botweon us— a very lovely shadow, Donald, with golden hair, and a sweet girlish face, not worn and sad like mine. Seo ! I am going to take my ring off your finger, and sot you free 1' . But ho starts to his feet, ? and catches both my hands in a grasp like a vice. 'Mabel!' ho cries, 'what do you take ma for? Do you think me dishonorable enough to tako you at your word ?' I look steadily and sadly in his faco, but say no word ; and for tho first time the doar oyea fall before mino, tho hot blood flushes cheek and ' brow. Then I apeak again. : ' I wiil tell you what I tako you for, Donald. I tako you for a man who is far too honorable to mako ono woman his wifo whilo ho loves another better.' The passion that is in my heart gives mo strength. I wrench my. hands from his hold, and stand before him defiant. ' Seo !' I Bay, pressing my hands upon my heart to stay its beating, 'Ivill come to you even now— I will lay my head. down on 'your breast, as I havo done- so often— if you will hold out your arms to me, and look moin the face and say, in the voico that has never lied to me : ' ' Mabol, I lovo you, beat and dearest of all !' ' And, as I know it would, tho truth of hia nature asserts itself— ho holds no loving arms out to me, speaks no loving word ; and. my hot, pas sionate words find no reply, save silence. I look at tho bowed head, tho downcast faco that I have known so full of boyish brightness, and such pity grows up in ray heart for him, that for tho time being my own sorrow fadc3 from my sight, and I am ablo to bo calm, again. 'You must not grievo too much over this, Donald ; it is hard pain, I know, but it will pas3. And ob, my darling, it ought have boen so much, much worso ! I might have found it out too lato, when I could not havo f rced'you. Thank heavon ! I know it now.. Thdrik heaven-,' I havo not mado your whole lifo desolate !' . ' Desolate !' ho says, catching a$ tho word. ' Ah, Mab, tell mo that 1 have not made you so! Tell mo. dear, that this is not such a vory deep pain— that you will not suffer very cruelly. I could not bear to think of thai poor Tit tlopalo face, with such a sad, wistful look as it bean now— it will haunt mo, Blab P . and. he covers his eyes with hi3 hands, as if to shut out tho sight. Whilo I— well— I feel that the., interview has lasted long enough ; that I cannot bear to hear ' him pitying a sorrow he may novor, nevor com fort. I fcol tbat I am listening, for tho last timo, to the sound of a voice that has beon tho music of my lifo : that if I listen much Idnger I shall break out into bitter weeping, and fall pro.ne a* his feet, and pray him .not to leavo mo so un utterably desolato. So I rally all my failing forco, and give him my hand in farewell. 'Don't bo troubled about me. You would not think that I had— over truly loved you— if 1 could— give you up without eomo pain. Bat d» not fear, it will pass. God is very good -to us whoa wo are in troublo. He has tiover forsakon me yet. He will nob fail mo now.' Good-byo, good-bye, Donald.' I Bpeak as oae who is stifling for want of air. Ho has turned away, and rcat9 his arnu on tho mantel-sholf, covering his faco. 'Nay,' I say, feebly trying to pull hi3 hands down, ' do not bo unkind. ? Say, ' Good-byo, Mab, and God bless you.' I can say tho sam9 from my heart to you.' ? ' Ho turns to mo with outstretched hand3, and, oh, such a troubled faco; ' ..' Good-byo,' ho says, and says no moro. Porhar-3 it is something in my. poor,-, pitiful faco; looking up to h'13— perhaps' epino a$w dad subtlo revelation comas to him of liow doar hots: I cannot toll ; but tho great teara gather and drop down. ? . . ' . . ? The pain is too acute. I csaaot^bjarit.' I drag my haads from hU hold. ? * it ?„ ' Leave- mo— oli, Donald ! leavo mo now, if .,, jpn know what piby is.' I bear tho door close, t]ic qniclt stop down tlio Blairs, the click of tho white gate, all tho old \- well-known sounds of his comings and his goings ,. —sounds I had Btrainod my car to hear ao of ton, and shall nevor hear again— and then ? ' Ah, my friends ! thon, when wo aro loft alono with tho reality of an anguish that has hitherto been lut a dread, then cornea tho darkness which, liko that in Egypt of old, may bo felt. I steal, liko some weary, white-faced ghost, ?lowly along tho wido, low passages, mechani cally stretching out my hand to touch tho wall, and fool something to guide me, for I am blind — deadened by a strango, awful numbness, as though, all things around mo, and I too, wcro ' . part and parcel of some pitiful dream : that a Second solf, from some- far diatanco, was watch ing curiously, anxious to know what that weary, tearless, haggard woman -will do next. Soon I 3io huddled together on my liltlo whito bed, my door closed, tho world shut out, alono with my boitow, and yet unablo to grasp its height and ? depth, unablo. to look it in tho faco— feeling, Tory far, oh, very far away from every one— from Donald, from love, and light, and comfort— ^oven from God ! 1 lio thus, cold and tearless, with a ;; dead heart in my breast, that cannot throb, or '' ache, or sorrow, but scorns turned into stone. I near a gentlo tap at my door, and then Nannie's kind old faco looks in, and. candlo in ' ' hand, b!io bends anxiously over mo ; out I cover .my faco, and turn from tho light, and say : 'Leavo mo quiet, plcaso Nannie. I havp a leadache.' She -walks across the room, and sets tho candle down eo that shade, and not giaTe, is thrown upon mo ; and thon Bho takes one of my cold hands in both her own, and fondles it against her bosom, as sho had donq long ago when I was a littlo desolates child crying for my good ayah. ''Isifc trno, Miss Mabel,' £ho Eays at last, * ' that yon think to blind tho poor old eyes that lavo -watched you all theso yoars? Aro you trying to put tho tronblo that is in your heart from poor old Nannio? Oh, my bairn! let ma help you in your Borrow ! let mo strive to oaso the hcatt-acbo that's in you !' I turn away no more, and as my hand lies upon ' her breast, I fcol her trcmblo and shako with Ijome rising angor, and I sco, in tho dim light, her gToy eyen gleam as Bho goes on eagerly : 'I ken her, and tho wile3 she's wiled him awayfrom ya with ! 0 my bairn, 'twas a bad clay for you ?when first sho caino hero wi' her wee-bit Bhoea, in 'shining buckles, and tho heels that go ? cbink-a-chink,' as she walks along, ''Bounding brass and tinkling cymbals,' which tho Lord can't no ways abide. And the mother that sot her on to win tho laddio from you— a falso Jezebol, wi' her wheedling wnys and Boffc words, creeping and crawling into people's houses, and sundering thoso tho good Lord joined together } ? Many's tho time I'd have given a year's earnings ? ? ? to have been let slap tho door in her faco ! What Vcro you, my Eimplo dovo, to strive with the ?wiles of such as they !'' and sho threw hor kind loving arms about me, and kissed my cold ??-??? tearless faco. 'Don't yo tako the sorrow this way, my bairn!' she nrgc, imploringly, her voico broken by rising tears ; ' I'vo seen a inanytako tho sorrow in my dny ; somo takes it ? greeting, and some take it wi' a calm soul, and ?when there's no tears to wash away tho bitter ness, the/ heart breaks.1' And sho croons and \- . Tfloaua over me as a mother over her sick child. .?-.;.-.? . 'The Lord's ayo good toils in sorrow, Miss . ., IMabel,; tho. dear Lord. :don't forget us then : it Beems as if Ho heara m heat 'out of tho deep . .. waters,' for ell tho. noiso o' tho wind and waves ? .about us.' . -, ?'..,...?.;-. ? But porbapa my still, iiopelops face lying . against lior breast tolls her that God's comfort . ,..- cannot, reach me yet, for s-ko sobs out in a very passion of grief and pity : ' Oh, my lammio! How lonesomo yo'll 'bo : all through the long daya, withont tho pnir , ^.Itonnio lad that was just tho sunshino of the house !' . ... i 'AH through tho long days !' Those words Unlock tho fountain of my tears. They set bc : ',jFore mo ail the coming days in their fullest ? .Hfleaolation— the dark days that are coming -when 1 may watch for him no more— nover lUton for , Jbis step, or hear his voico, 'or feol tho clasp of ,;. lis arms again], - ?.-,;. ..'..'8o.' tho jcy bands that hold my heart melt away, and, clinging about Nannie's neck, I break j/^atabitter weeping, ... .' ? '?(' ?-. ' {To be continued.) 