THE MERCURY. MONDA Y MOHN/NO, JAN. 10, 1870. ¡IT is very much the custom of our neighbours to speak slightingly of Tasmanian energy, which is represented as conspicuous by its absence in the > management of our public and business affairs. lit is sought to inscribe Festina lenti as tho ¡motto of the Colony, which we are asked to believe is the veritable " Sleepy Hollow " of .actual life. Nor, even in tho face of facts to the contrary, is it wonderful that such an im- pression should prevail among our neighbours, for it is, next to personal abuso of Ministers, J the one string on which certain political cavillers delight to harp. We have more than the usual share of those kindly disposed persons whom the Scotch proverb describes when it says, " It's an ill bird which dollies its ain nest." They not only oboy thoir natural instincts, but it is thoir broad and butter. They aro retained for the purpose and paid for it ; and, having no higher rule of conduct than personal feeling and per- sonal interest, they care not how they may damage the Colony in their efforts to damage a Ministry whose talent and respectability are a reproach on several of those who seek to be recognised as prominent men in the Opposition) But Tasmania has not sunk so low in the scale of energy and enterprise as our malignere would have people believe. Wo referred on Saturday morning to a very satisfactory proof of our progress as a Colony. When Mr. FYSH, in July, 1874, estimated the revenue for 1875, at £311,000, that most circumspect and generous gentleman, Mr. MEREDITH, on moro than one occasion, availed himself of his license of tongue as a member of the Legislature, to taunt Mr. FYSH with ignorantly or wilfully misleading the public. At one time Mr. Fvsu was talkod at as over sanguine and incapable of looking below the surface, and tlierefoie not a reliable estimator of future financial contingencies, seeing that he, personally interested, could not foresee the coming of the commercial crisis which had cul- minated in tho failure of PETERS, BARNARD AND Co., Launceston. At another time it was in- sinuated that Mr. FYSH had all along foreseen the coining crash, but had proclaimed the sound commercial condition of the Colony that he might save himself by lulling others into a false security. In either case, a damaging application of the Northern failures was made to Mr. FYSH*» estimate as Colonial Treasurer. It was represented as either the result of ignorance and incapacity, or a» wilfully deluding the public with false hopes, the object being to secure for Mr. FYSH and hi« colleagues a continuance of that office which Mr, MEREDITH struggles for, but in vain. The insinuation was ungenerous and discredit- able. Mr. FYHII estimated the revenuo for 1875 at £311,000. Whether, es charged, he over- estimated it or not, let facts gay, The actual receipts, besides allowing for drawb»ok» and appropriations for roads, exceed £327,000. Tasmanian energy lins been shown also in tlie indomitable manner in which diiliculties are being ovorcomo, and the mineral resources of the Colony developed, which is being done mainly without tho nid of that much boasted Victorian capital which in this caso, instead of promoting our energy, is waiting to profit by it. We might point to many other proofs of fphnt wo say ; but these nro not necessnry for 'our prcsont purpose, which is to BIIOW that Tasmania U not the laggard it pleases some to describo us. Tasmania, almost alone, rosponded to tho appeal of Victoria for aid in having these colonies represented at the approach- ing Philadelphia Exhibition. Jiew South Wales was jealous of Victoria, and stood aloof. The other colonies refused any helping hand, In- significant Tasmania rcnliscd the importance of tho proposal, and considering tho short period allowed for preparation did its best to bo fairly representad in Melbourne ; considering also its limited means, is liberal in its preparations for Philadelphia ; and, wo venturo to say, we should not bo far wrong wero we to assert that the oxamplo of Tasmania has mnde several of the other colonies ashamed of their past inactivity, and has stirred them up to try and make amends or thoir nonparticipation in the Melbourne Exhibition, by a display of considerable zeal to ba fairly represented at Philadelphia. This better appreciation of what each colony owes to the group is sati8f nctory, and wo gladly accept the new born zeal as sonio extenuation of pnst indifference. Tho comparative absenco of Queensland from the intercolonial exhibition at Melbourne was a nuittor of regret ; tho absence of South Australia a matter for surprise as well as regret. Both, however, aro now up and doing. In anticipa- tion of tho Philadelphia Exhibition, tho Bris- bane Courier oí the 2Cth December soys :-"The Queensland oxliibits for the Philadelphia Exhi- bition are at last fairly on thoir way. By tho Whampoa which sailed from Sydney last mouth, 82 cases were sont, and 37 cases were despatched by tho Corinth, which cloarod for London direct on 22nd December. In all 119 casos have boen sont to London, and nil exhibits coming to hand aftor tho dopnrturo of tho latter vessel will havo to bo .sent vid San Francisco. The Commis-1 sioners have already two cases in hand which ' will have to be despatched by that route, and other exhibits Will, no doubt, come to hand later'; The descriptive Catalogue of Queensland exhibits is now' in preparation, and will probably be finished in the course of a fortnight." On the part of South Australia, the Register of 1st inst. writes:-"Some advance has at last been made in preparing exhibits from this Colony for the Philadelphia Exhibition. Tho articles to bo sent are varied in character, and fairly represent the natural and industrial pro- ducts of the Colony. Unless, however, the quantity is considerably increased, South Aus- tralia will not make nearly so good a show in comparison with New South Wales or Victoria, considering the extent of her territory, and the varied nature of her productions, as she ought to make. The Colony »'ill be represented at Phila- delphia by Mr. S. DAVENPORT, a gentleman who has been long and favourably known in connec- tion with public affairs here. He has made the condition and resources of the Colony his special study, and the interests of South Aus- tralia at the Exhibition could not have been entrusted to safer hands. Lost week he was en- tertained at a banquet in the Town Hall, at which the CHIEF JUSTICE presided." If not in Melbourne, the Colonies bid fair to bo well represented at Philadelphia. THE administration of the laws relating to desti- tute persons is at present engaging considerable attention in England, a conference of poor law guardians having recently met at Stockport for the sole purpose of considering the question as to howthe administration of relief generally could bo improved. Liko othor important social questions of the day the existing system of relief is sur- rounded by difficulties of such a complex nature that any attempt towards alteration must be con- ducted with extreme foresight and caution. Numerous and diverse opinions have been ex- pressed on the subject, mid after considerable discussion and consideration there appears to be something like unanimity of opinion regarding one point, namely, that the chief obstacle in the way of effecting improvement is the widespread doubt that has arisen ¡is to the relative cheapness of the outdoor and indoor systems of relief, If a fair understanding on this moot point could be arrived at, a vast amount of labour could bo accomplished and much exces- sive expenditure obviated. It has been ascertained from carefully prepared statistics that considerable reduction had been effected in the cost of relief generally throughout rural districts ; but this decrease of expenditure was attributed in great measure to tho uncommon prosperity of the country, and not to any extra degree of vigilauco or act of economy on the part of the poor law guardians. The transitory nature of the conditions that effected the reduction at once place it beyond the probability of permanency, although there may be possibility of recurrence ; BO that any new arguments advanced for improve- ment in this spcciaklirectionmustbo entertained without regard to natural causes. The decrease in the rural districts was, however, over-balanced by the increase of pauperism in London, and its consequent expenditure. At the conference at Southport sovernl important facts and figure» wore brought forward by the clinirnum, Mr. J. T. HIBBEKT, which illustrate the working of tho system both before and since tho new Poor Law Act caine into operation. In 1834, (a period preceding tho now act) when tho population of the country was estimatod at fourtoon mil- lions, there was expendod in reliof a sum of £0,317,000, or an avorage of 8s. 9Jd. per hoad of the population. In 1837 (three years aftor wards, when the now Act was in oporation) tho amount expended was £4,044,000, or 5s. 5d. per head. But in 1872 tho amount of expendi- ture reached its maximum ; then there appeared the enormous sum of £8,007,000, or at the rate | of 6s, ll^d, per hoad. From that year up to tho present time, íW unproved condition of affairs sot in in consequence of more judicious management. The lavish expenditure of 1872 had been caused by a lax and extravagant system of relief ; and it is to this important part of the question of administration that particular attention is directed. In order to effect an equitable distribution of relief, Mr. HIBBERT insists upon guarding against the exercise of such extreme generosity,"or perhaps humanity," which might lead to a lavish distribution of money in put-door relief. He found that of the sum of £7,040,000 spent last year on the relief of the poor, £1,G49¡000 was for in- door relief, and £3,110,000 for out-majntpnnnpc-iv result which he did not regard as satisfactory. These figures, however, were evidently paraded by Mr. HIBBERT for tho purpose of leading up to his pet argumout of the superiority of the indoor system. The Ticcuracy of the figures was not questioned, so that it may bo concluded that the little piece of special pleading was justi- fiable. Meanwhile the battle still wages respecting the relative merits of the two systems, No inconsiderable portion of tho difficulties surrounding the question of equitable distribu- tion has to be encountered by tlioso who are en I trusted with tho administration of relief. Upon them devolves the exercise of the strictestcircum «pection, investigation, and vigilance, tempered by humanity apel discretion. If all applicants were really destitute and deserving persons, the duty would be coiqparntivgjy light, if not altogether agreeable. But such a happy con- dition of affairs does not exist, consequently the duties of administrators aro onerous and arduous. In all large centres of population a certain amount of genuine poverty and total desti- tution must always exist, and bo de- serving of considerato treatment ; but there also oxists a numorous, an unscrupulous, Mid ft profligate class who thrive and fatten on the beuovolopt and charitable organisations of large and populous cities. It is botwecn these two classes that the judgment and experience of the administrators have to decide, " (tjiehv pljjpf difficulty being to discrhuinato between tho buy vagabonds whose vicious nature is the cause of J their poverty, and tho honest workers whom misfortune has ovortakon." Tho abolition of the out-door system would, doubtless, lead to tho supprosBion of much of the imposturo at present practised by a certain class of applicants, and viewed from this standpoint, it constitutes a forcible argument with tho advocatos of the indoor system. In referring to the County of Lancaster, Mr. HIBBERT found that while tho total expenditure was £1,315,000, the sum of £024,500 was for the relief of tho poor, of which £175,000 was for in-maintenauce, and £102,000 for out relief ; thoreby demonstrating that Lancashire spout moro money upon indoor relief than it did upon outdoor. Mr. HIHIIERT'S notions of improvement in the administrativo systom load lum to tho conviction that there was sufficient to bo saved out of tho amount spout on out-relief by strict administration to pay all the calls made upon the ratepayers for carrying out the new sanitary laws of the country ; " and to do that he did not think they would either have to bo inhuman or t.Q treat the poor in a harsh manner." _______^_^_^^^ THE iNSPECTonsnirs OFSOIIOOM.-From what we hear of the proceedings of the Board of Education at the mooting for the eloction of two inspectors of schools to bo Dominated for the approval of Govern- ment, tho nominations aro not of a nature to causo I Miuiatera much difficulty. The Board consists of seven gontlemcn. Report says that two members protested against the nomination of one of the two goutlomen whose names have been forwarded to Government _ for approval, that ono voted for anothor candidate, that another declined to vote, and that tims the nnniiuation was made by an actual minority of the Board. We should say that the gentleman who had not the moral courage to vote on so important a subject would best consult his own dignity and the uselulness of the Board by resigning a position ho has doolared himself incap- able oi Idling. Subsequent revelations give the con- duct of the Board an uglier oomploxion than the publio are likely to bo prepared for. Wo trust the ?ame peculiar motives and baok-stair influences wUl not extend to Government in the unpleasant duty 1 now devolving on them. Tuii ËtrotisH MAtti.*-On Saturday evening the arrivai of tho s.s, Mongolia, with the English mails on board, was telegraphed from Adelaide. The Mongolia must have nude a good passage. She left Galle a day behind time, and arrived off Glenelg sixteen hours before contract time. The Hobart Town portion of her mails may be expeoted here on Wednesday morning. REQUIRING EXPLANATION.-It is notnewtoour readers to be told that the Port Arthur peninsula is the Home of herds of deer and kangaroo, but it will ho news to them that these animals are regarded as the private preserve of » single family, and are Îreserved for the sport of them and their friends. £ the matter rested here it would he of little moment, but it is cuirently reported that suveral dozen kangaroo skins have been brought to tow n in tho Government schooner during the close season. Such a rumour demands sifting on the part of Government, either that a very reprehensible prac- tice be put a stop to, or that an unjust suspicion he not longer allowed to remain against an innocent official. I HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF.-A correspondent calls attention to the fact that the Legislature of Tasmania, in passing last year an Act of Parliament " for the relief of infants," was only doing what Scotland did upwards of three centuries ago, and BÍX years before James VI. ascended the throne of England. In " Ye Acta Pari., Jae VI., 1567," there is the following : " Item 39-It is thocht ex- pedient that quha (who) gevis sylver or other geir to pupillis (pupils) without ye consent of yeir tutor ; or other curatouris (ourators) sal haif na actioun to ' craif ye samyn agane " (shall have no action to crave the same again.) Without quoting at length the words of the clauses, the marginal readings of the Tasmanian Act, 39 Viet., No. 4, will show how closely history is repeating itself. The marginal. note on section 1 reads, " Contracts by infants ' except for necessaries to bo void ; " that on section 2, " No action to be brought in ratification of i infants' contract." HUMIDITY OF DECEMBER.-The past month wrs the wettest December on record in Tasmania. In , only one month during the period of 33 years over I which tho register extends has more rain fallen, j than in December last, and that was in August I 1838, when there was a Hood. It consequently follows that in December last more rain fell than in any other month during the last seventeen years. The average rainfall in December is-1 '81 inches ; the highest quantity that! ever fell in any previous December was 7'00 inclies ( the rainfall in Deoember last was 9 inches, only once exceeded in August, 1858, when the gauge recorded 10 inches. DAMAUE TO TUB RAILWAY.-The recent floods have beeu siugulsrly disastrous to the Main Line Railway. As if the Doods general over the colony had not been enough, there has been a further heavy fall of rain in the Campbell Town and Boss districts, which it will be seen from our telegraphic new«, have done still further damage to the works of the railway. This must be subject of deep regret to all, threatening as it dona so injuriously to affoot the desires of the railway people to maintain the traffic of the line. SNAKES IN TOWN.-Residents in the outskirts of the city, especially in those streets which have not yet been macadamised and aro still covered with grass, ought to be unusally vigilant now that the snake season has como round again. We are informed that one day last week a diamond snake measuring three feet long, was killed in Allison-street, near Landsdowne Crescent, by a lad eleven years of age, named Macnamara. The uuweloorae visitor was making bis way across the grassy thoroughfare in the direction of the houses, when his career was arrested by a smart blow, from a stick. As soon as the snake was fairly dead he was "mado mince- meat of" by the small boys of the neighbourhood, to whom no doubt it afforded an agreeable change from their common pastime of stonciug frogs, CITY COUNCIL.-The following business will be considered at the meeting this afternoon. Reports from the various Committees as follows, vu. ; Public Woiks : On application of trustees James' estate, and others, relating to wall and Hobart Town Rivulet, injured by late rains ; on complaint of Mr. W. Giblin, Chairman Augusta Road Trust, as to Elphinstone Road ; on complaint of Mr. F. W. Norman, as to pebbles on the footpath, Harrington street j on application of Mr. Wilson, for repairs, Frederick-street, and for a drain there ; on tenders. Polico : On disorderly proceedings in Harrington street on New Year's Eve ; on tenders. Finance : On tenders. Slaughter House : On tenders. Orders of the Day : Mr. Alderman ßrownell to move that the carters' rates and fares, now in existence, be the rates and fares for the oity of Hobart Town for the year 1870. CITY POLICE CounT.-The only caso on the sheet at the Polico Court on Saturday was a charge against an old woman named Mary Anu Sheppard of having stolen 2s. Gd., the moneys of Mary Ann Stone, the landlady of the Rainbow Hotel, New Town, on the 3rd ¡nat. The money was not found on the defendant. Several witnesses were examined to prove the charge, one of whom actually saw the defendant with her hand in the till. The Bench sent the prisoner to gaol for three months with hard labour. The presiding magistrates were Messrs. Tarleton, P.M., and G. Crisp, J.P. ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL.-The annual gathering of the Church of England Sunday- schools in this city was held yesterday and the previous Sunday. On the 2nd inst., the children of St. George's and All Saints' assembled at the last-named church. Yesterday the scholars of the two schools in con- nection with St. David's, the St. John's, the Campbell- street, and the Ware-street Sunday School, the Boys' Home, the Girls' Industrial Sehool, and a number from the Queen's Asylum, marched in procession from their various schools to the Cathedral, where a special service was held. The church was quite full, the larger part of the audience 'consisting of children, of .whom there were about nine hundred present. The prayers and lessons were read by the Rev. Canon Bromby, and tl),e address was delivered by the Bishop. The hymns sung were those used during the late mission services. MEMORIAL Ciioncn LECTURES.-These lectures were continued by the Rev. W. C. Robinson yesterday. The text in the morning waa John xiv., 0; the subject "Christ the only Saviour." After remarking upon the startling character of some of our Lord's utterances, and of the text in particular, tho Bpeaker explained that these wordB placed Christ at an immense distance from every other man. He needed not like'all other men a way to bo opened for Him to approaoh unto God. He was himself the way, and the only way, "No man Cometh unto the Father but by me." Thus while the words are full of gracious encouragement they limit the possibility of our return to God. " You may come,"says Christ, "but only by roe." The same limitation applied to "the truth and the life." Christ waB a prophet, a teacher sent from God, but he was much more, he was himself, personally, the truth and the life. No doubt the fuller represen- tation of this subject in the writings of the apostles Was from their remembrance of what Christ him- self had taught, as brought to their minds hy tho Holy Ghost"according to the promise of Christ to them. Heneo the importance of all NQW Testament teaching respecting Christ, and the necessity of trusting in him for everlasting life. The text in the evening on which the Berinon to young people waB based, was Proverbs xiv., 27, "The fear of the Lord ia a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death." The subject worked out from til is was tho importance of right principles in every relation of life. The Kev. Mr. Uobiuson, at the close of the Berinon, stated hit intention of delivering a course of Sunday evening lectures to young men, as soon as he had concluded the morning course on our Lord's touching, WESLEVAN CHURCH, MKLVIIXK-STREKT. - The acrvico last evening at tho WeBleyan Church, Melyille-Btrret, was'conducted hythe Kev. James W. Crisp from Victoria. The congregation was unusually large, The rev. gentleman proncjied from tho 24th chapter of tho Acts, 23th verse, " Go thy way for tins time ; when I havo a more convenient season I will call for thoo." The dis- course was impressive and the subject well handled. The preacher possesses a line voice, which ho modulates with good effect. He dwelt upon the pionencsB which men exhibited in following Felix's example of procrastinating their repentance, and urged the necessity of tho present being accepted as the favourable opportunity of procuring salvation. WESI.EVAN SABBATH SCHOOL, NEW'TOWN.-A publie meeting in connection with tho above-named school will he hold to-morrow (Tuesday) evening. Addresses will bo dolivored by several clergymen and friends. CLARENCE AND. MUDDY PLAINS RACES.-Tho «towards met on Saturday evening at the Iforso aud Jockey, Rokeby, when the following nomina- tions were received and read by the secretary, Mr. A. Morrisby. For the Waterloo Handicap, Mr., llumney's Talleyrand, Mr. Austin's John Peel, Mr. | J. Graves' Mechanic, Mr. Stewart's Miss Finn, Mr. I Chatterton's Little Nell, Mr. Pulley's SkvBail, Mr. > Maum's Messenger. For tho Hurdlo Race, ' Mr. , Ihbott's Prince, Mr. Lamb's Will if I can, Mr. ' Rumney's Talleyrand, Mr. Franklin's Trio, Mr. I Austin's Bluelight. I TASMANIAN RAOINO CLUB.-The weights for the ¡ Cup, Handicap, Chichéate)' Stakes, and Steeple-1 ohaso, to ho run at Elwiok, on the ltitli, I7l''> and . 18th of February, will be declared this day. ' j GOOD DESKIN LODGE or TEMPLARS.-A speoial ' meeting of members of the above- named lodgo will be held at the Congregational Schoolroom, New Town, this evening, and not on the 17th ¡nat., as previously anuounced. Tho Hon. S. D. Hastings will bo present. HASTE TO THE RESCUE LOWIE,-A speoial moot- ing of the Haste to the Rescue Lodge of I.O.G.T. ia advertised to bo held in the Alliance Rooms, this evening. BANK OF VAN DIEMEN'» LAND.-A goneral meet- ing of shareholders will bo held at the bank, Mao- ' quario-strect, at noon this day, for the purpose of declaring tho half-yearly dividend. I TASMANIAN PERMANENT BUILDINO AND INVEST- MENT SopiRTY.- The annual meeting of members) will be held at the Freemasons' Hall, Murray-street, at 8 o'clock, Wednesday evening. Til« MAttttWETïiS.'-Two I»rforffland«l were given on Saturday. In the evening a new and very pleasing addition waa made to the programme by a representation of that pathetic story, The Balta in the Wood. Everybody has, of course,- read the legend, but only those who have seen it can imagine how beautifully it is worked out by the Marionettes. The babes themselves, falling asleep ; the birds warbling around them and covering them with branches and leaves ; and the angels bearing them away, were scenes dopicted with all that artistic finish that oháractorises the whole of the perform- ance of tho company, and with such startling effect that one is perforce compelled to testify one's hearty appreciation of-the success of the picture. In fact, on Saturday evening, the audience repeatedly manifested their approval. Tho representation is ono that pleases adults, but it will per- fectly charm the young folks who aro fortunate enough to witness it. The minstrels, the comic fantoeinni, and the pantomime, were as delightful OB ever, and were thoroughly enjoyed by many who have seen them bofnro. The attendance in the even- ing was large, for a Saturday evening almost un- exampled in Hobart Town. In the afternoon, owing to a heavy fall of rain between 1 and 2 o'clock, the attendance was limited, so much so that it waB thought the performance would not be proceeded with, much to the alarm of somo little folks who were there from a distance ; but much to their delight, and that of other youngsters present, and to the credit of the proprietors, who deserve every commendation for their spirit, the performance was gone through as fully and as carefully as if the theatre had been orowded. The programme for to-night is announced in our advertising columns, and we feel assured, from the applause elicited by the Bales in the Wood on Saturday evening, it will attract a full house. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-The Brisbane Courier of tho 23rd ult. reports :-" A young woman named Fanny Paddon, residing with Mrs. Duncan, dressmaker, South Brisbane, met with severe injuries, we are in- formed, by her dress taking fire on Sunday morning last. The girl had just dressed to go to ohnroh, when, happening to go into the yard for a firestick, some of her clothing must have come in contact with the fire, and in a moment she was enveloped ia dimes. Losing all presence of mind, she rushed through the house and up the hill at the back, without making any effort to save herself from the terrible fate that threatened her. Fortunately, however, a neighbour saw her critical condition at this moment, and seizing a blanket, threw it round the unfortunate girl, thereby stifling the flames. She is, however, dreadfully burnt all over tho body-particularly about the back and shoulders-her face alone escaping. Dr. Emmelhninz was soon in attendance, and did everything that professional skill could do under the ciroumatances, and in the evening the Îmtient was removed to the hospital, where she now ies in rather a precarious condition. [The father of the unfortunate young woman waa formerly employed as carpenter at the Queen's Asylum, and was well known in Hobart Town for the great interest he at all times mauifested in local politics. ED.Jf.] _ 