NEWS OF THE DAY. .The '.Steam Navigation Board this day cancelled the second mate's certificate! of ur- — tl . .. . iwrabool, no Having oansed the collision between the Barrabool and Queensland, by his disobedience of orders in nmti n c th- h-lt. M, .inn-n-ii. made no defence, beyond referring to his previous good character, as mentioned by Captain Pain, of the Barrabool. Before the decision was given Mr Ainsworth told the i board he thonght they had dealt harshly 1 with him. Some excitement- has been caused in I several of the more immediate suburbs of Melbourno by the borough elections, which took .place to-day. Contests were waged in Richmond, St. Hilda, Frahran, Sand- ridge, Emerald Hill, Collingwood, Haw thorn, Hew, and Williamstown. At Fitaroy Messrs S. Lyons, A. L. Tucker, and P. Cun ningham -were returned unopposed, The election -for Mayor takes place font days after the declaration of the poll by the re turning officer. In those districts where the retiring Councillors were returned un opposed, the election for Mayor has already take'a place. In those where . the vacant seat .s aro contested, the election will take pi' ace at ten o'clock on Tuesday next. This rill not apply to the City of Melbourno and 'town of Geelong, which, being governed by a special Aot of Parliament, do not apme within the provisions of the Local Govern ment Aot. . - Neotefield, 7st. 81b, has we learn accepted for the Melbourne Cap, His name was omitted in error from the list. The ignominionB failure of the Crown to secure a conviction against the Chinese lottery agents has given heart to the several keepers of : these gambling dens, and thoy are now ia.th'o full swing of their lucrative business. The Assembly has made three efforts to suppress the nuisance. Possibly some independent legal member might now be more successful - in prescribing for the eradication of this social disorder, In. the Equity Court to-day, the wills of the latoMr Hugh Boss Barclay, officer of police, and Mrs Harriet .Barclay, his wife who died shortly after Rim, were proved. The ralne of thehosband's property was sworn at £2000 and that of tbe wife's at £7610, SiCOtOm ure mnindod tfaattbu day fisodfot the completion of the general electoral lists is 1st September. AU persons taking out electors' rights on or before that day, will bo entitled to have their names placed on the general lists for 1876-77. The City of Adelaide, which left for Syd ney to-day, took a fall complement of passen gers, the majority being sporting men, en ronto for the ra<m 8o full was the steamer that not a berth was to be had. A now gas- cooking stove was patented on Monday, by Mr M, Raleigh, the inventor, the main feature of which is economy of gas. Instead of having fixed burners and jets, as at present, the new. stove is heated by hot air circulation, ana two Darners alone are nsed, The gaB is introduced at each side of the stove, which iB subdivided by a vertical fine into two ovens or roasters, or one of each, as required, and the heated air eircalates all around each chamber. There aro no burners on the top of the stove as aro in use at pre sent, tho peculiar way in whioh the gas is introduced entirely dispensing with them, asoneflamo will either roast, 'bako. or boil. There can bo no doabt that the nso of gas as a cooking medium will largely incroase if the work can bo done at a reasonable cost ; and we hail with pleasure every effort towards providing an economlo gas cooking -apparatus. Mr Candler, District' Coroner, held an inqaest. yesterday, at , the' Glasgow Arms Hetel, Collingwood, on the body of Timothy Murphy, aged abont fifty-four years, aod who had lived in Langridge street. On Tuesday the deaeased fell down dead, Dr Haddonj'Who hnd made a post mortem examination' of tho-, body, deposed that tbo cause of death was rapture ot an anenriem of tbe aorta, and the jury found a verdict to that effect. ' !. . Mr Lukey, . Market-street, will offer the Queensland by auction to-morrow at noon. The steamer's boats, which wero saved, ore also to be pnt np at tbe ame time, MrR.Lc Poer Trench; late Attbrney'-Genoral in tbe Berry Administration, was n , pas-, ranger by tho s.s. City of - Adelaide , for > Syd ney, this afternoon, A large number of the members, of the betting fraternity, including the " Levi athan," took their departure i in tbe City of Adelaide, this afternoon,: for tbe scenes of. tbe Hawkcsbury and Metropolitan, At the 'Fitzroy court this morning,1 a painter,' named William O'Beilly, was brought up on remand, oharged with assault ing the': landlady of the Post-office Hotel, Smith street, Fitzroy, and also with breaking' a pane "of glass..' )The case was remanded from last Thursday to enable the prisoner, who said that the house was a gambling den, to prove his allegations. This ho utterly failed to do (bis morning, A rfoort was handed to the bench from tbe police, giving the hotel a most excellent character for respectability and orderliness. ' The police also positively controverted the charge 'of allowing'gambling to take place. A gen tleman residing at tbe hetel also gave it a character totally opposite to What the pri soner had endeavored to make the bench be lieve it had, Mr Templeton said that he be lieved the house to be one ot.respectability, and imposed a fine of 40s, with £2 2s costs, or in default one month's imprisontnont. At the Hotham Town Hall, this morning, before Messrs Lloyd and Noonan, a young man, named William Jones, was arraigned on four distinct charges, viz., for being in a public place with a felonious intent, for as saulting Constable Tybaue. and two chargeB of simple larceny. The prisoner was ob served by Constable Tyhane, on the 5th instant, loitering about shops in a manner suggestive of 'bis intention to rob stores along with two' other youthful and well- known larcenists. Tyhane watcbed the trio for some time, and saw them sneak into se veral shops, evidently with the intention of thieving. Eventually tbe policeman followed Jones into the shop of Mrs Crowly, a dealer in crockery and lollipops, where a sweet edcounter occurred between Jones and the constable, tbe latter being compelled to nse his handcuffs on Mr Jones's head, Jones did not oomplain of being mnch hurt, but the' constable appears to feel considerable anxiety with respect to his bracelets, which seemed to have Buffered somewhat. The prisoner, who has been in " trouble " on four previous occasions, was sent to gaol for ten months. A somewhat peculiar applioation was made to the magistrates on the Fitzroy Bench, this morniug, by a Mr John Allison, for an order to send two children, named Marcol, to the Industrial 8chools. He said that the mother of the children died in Fitz roy on the 28th ult., and. that the father was in New Caledonia. On ths death of Mrs Marcel, the Curator of Intestate Estates slipped in, and realised £160 on the property of tho deceased, which be -, now has in his possession. The applicant, being a friend of tho family, took carc of the children, and applied to the curator, : for instructions as to the manner of their disposal. Mr Beigall told him to take tbem before the police court, that tbay might be taken care of in the schools, as he was unable to. make any _ settlement for them out of the estate. This Mr Allison did this morning, when Mr Templeton remanded them for a week, to, see in the meantime if some charit- auiy umpuseii persons migm no oe mauoea to adoot the girls. Mr Allison, who lives at No. 177 Smith street, will keep the children till next.conrt day. 1 Robert Hallett, a thickset individnal, and the -"-f . beaniijeal of, a robber, was vn.—sed at cue Hotfium Foliuo Uu-t, to-uuj , with housebreaking) and stealing £38 in gold from tbe bouse of Mrs Nixon, who re sides in Dryburgh street, Hotham. The faots of the case are, that on the afternoon of Tuesday last, . Mrs Nixon ,went for a walk, leaving her money locked np in a ohest of drawers in her bedroom. _ During the afternoon a hawker, named" Simeon Simon, saw the- prisoner leaving Nixon's house by the front door, and being informed by a neighbor, named Mrs Robertson, that there was a considerable sum of money in the house, and that Mallctt had broken into the place, he attempted to de tain the prisoner, who fanght him in a most determined manner, but waa ; subsequently, taken by Simon to the watohhouso, the latter acting throughout in a moBt plucky manner. The whole of the stolen money was fonnd npon the prisoner, who was com mitted for trial. The ratepayers of Hotham, and more especially those of them whose business ne cessitates their attendance at the local police court, complain bitterly that although tho Town-hall has been officially opened for some weeks past, the court-house still remains in an unfinished state, and that consequently the court business has to he transacted in a small room of abont 20ft x 12ft, This ac commodation is altogether inadequate for the requirements, ,'and much inconvenience is ex perienced by suitors, more particularly in wet weather, as frequently for hours women are kept waiting outside, exposed to the pelting rain, Within the temporary court' room, things are by no means pleasant. Magi strates, prisoners, policemen, lawyers, reporters, and the general public are huddled np in a most heterogoneons mass. Reporters and tbe members of tbe legal profession are compelled to take notes npon their knees, or their finger nails. This is by no means pleasant, and it is to be hoped tho new court-room will be soon available, What may happen to a candidate fo shire honors, if he happens to be in a hurry (says tho St. Arnaud Mercury), was experi enced by Mr F. H, Oliver, on Friday last, the day of nomination. Mr Oliver was late in starling from Minyip ; it was nearly one o'clock, and ho had to get into Horsham by four, to lodge his nomination paper, Ho started with a baggy and pair of horses, but the springs collapsed near Mr Bobbie's place. There he was fortunate enough to secure another vehicle, bnt the horses caved in about three miles from Wall's, near whoro some dam-makers wero excavating. Hastily disentangling one of the animals, ho left the other and trap in charge of tha mon, and, tauuutlng on Irorwhaolc, roda off. n0 had not gone far, however, when tho horse came down an awful cropper and pitched Mr Oliver over his head. Fortunately a new white belltopper sustained the brunt of tho shock and the worthy candidate for distinc tion was soon up agnin. Wall's was reached and a horse and saddle obtained. Bnt Mr Oliver's troubles were not over, for about three miles further on tho new steed came down, and again the belltopper suffered, and Mr Oliver got pretty well plastered with mud. Ho rode into Bonumont's yard at about four minutes to four o'clock, and paip- ing " pen and ink," was seized by his friends, hurried into tho shiro office, and managed to oomplete matters just as tho clock struck the hour. Ho deserves to be returned for his pluck nud energy, On tho 3rd4nstant, ut 11.20 a.m., a severs shock of enrthquako is reported by the Courier to havo been felt at Yass, The shook proceeded from east tb wost. , The' sonnd made resembled tho passing of a lengthy train over a bridge, and lasted for several seconds. After tho lapse of a few minutes a second, but slighter, shock oc curred. Before ths earthquake the weather was bright and clear, but' almost instan taneously with the- visitation a change took place, and rain has since continued to fall; ' f .. ,At tho Sandridge Police Conrt this morn ing, -JohnW. Ynihuybbatewain of the ship Nona, from London, charged John Crook, chief officer of thereasevwith having as- saulted him on Monday week last. Accord ing to the evidence given by- plaintia.Bnd .his. witnesses, defendant fonnd VftfUlt'-with'the. complainant for, being slow injthe 'perform-' anco of some ordinary 'dirty ' on board -the ship, and in afit bljangsr, followed np. his remonstrance by a violqnt ; blow of. the fist, which knocked tho sonman down- In defence' Mr Crook informed the benoh that Yuliaa was a useless follow, and' had given consider able provocation. This ' statomont being quite unsupported by other evidoncs, defendant was --, fined . one pound, with C03tS. A few days ago ( says the Hamilton Speo tator) a bull, with more spirit than sense, took exception to tbe advances that .are be ing, made over the pastures on which he' hml long reigned supreme by the iron harse. Noticing one of Overend.aad Bobb's engines approaching, he topk np his position, and witbont wailing for any flourish of trumpets, charged full tilt at the locomotive.' Our Ararat contemporary sums up tbe result of bia.headlong career in the following terse sentence ' ".As the Amerioans would say, crows havo been -holding large dinner parties on tho spot for somo days past I" . The following telegram appears in the Sydney Evening News : — " Coonamble, Fri day, 2.5 p.m. A man, whose name . is sap- pofed to lid John Foran, was found dead a few miles' from Coonamble t --his dog and swag were beside him. and also a bottle con taining brandy. Thomas Pardy, who was. trying to yard soma cattle, fonnd ..deceased, the dog running to assist him, Mr . Weston, the coroner, is holding an Inquest.". ' A fearful accident happened at Bokewood en' Monday to a yonng man in the employ of Mr Stanbrook (says the Geelong Advertiser), He was feeding a chaff-ontting machine and his left hand somehow was drawn in under the knife, all of the fingers of that hand being cut off in an instant. Efforts wero made to stop the bleeding, and Dr Macfar- lane was called in, bat the flow of blood -coald not be- stopped, and wo learn that three times the poor fellow's arm underwent the process of ampntation at different points, in tho endeavor to check the hemorrhage. It was io vain, however, and the unfortunate young man, whose name could not be ascertained, died on Tuesday evening. The Hamilton Spectator gives the fol- iUtviug piuiiiuuiaia ui tuo uid nuiuu uuiuti down the Dnndas Shire Hatl: — It appears that Mr Walpole, the shire secretary, hav ing io proceed to Melbourne by the coach whioh leaves here on Sunday morning at eight o'clock, worked at the shire office till ten on Satnrday night, at which hour he re turned home. It then oocurred to him it wonld be advisable to seal up the ballot- papers, etc., aad mako everything ready for the shire elections which aro.to bo held to morrow, and ho returned to the office for that purpose, On Wednesday last he had accidentally spilt a case of kerosene on tbe floor of his private room, and had given in structions to a carpenter to out out the satu rated portions of the boards and replose them by others, endeavoring, in the mean time, to soak np tbe oil by.the Use of blotting paper, etc. In this room a Bmall fire was burning when he returned, but, finding the smell unpleasant, he proceeded to do his work in the adjoining bonrd-room. Tired out by a long day's work, Mr Wulpolo fell asleep, and about three o'clock, a.m., was suddenly awakened by the noise of some thing falling. Half suffocated by emoko he arose, and with difficulty, aud in a semi- unconscious state, succeeded in making his way ont of the burning building. At once he gave the alarm to Mr Routledge, Mr Lind say, and other neighbors; but although these were quickly on the spot, the Are bod made snch headway in the two front rooms that they found it impossible to nave anything contained therein. When all was over nothing was to be seen bat a few charred embers, a mass of papers burnt to tbe very core, and the naked walls. Unfortunately the aafe — which contained valuable documents, four £10-notes left as' deposits by the candidates at the forth coming elections, and about £10 in notes, Boiu bua -UYo, nau been loft open and tho whole of its contents fell - p-r „ the flames- The Shire Hall which' was first taken bos- session ef by the council in Angnst 1864, coat between £700 and £800— with the fur niture it contained, it was insured in the National Company for £700; the loss there fore bo far as its buildings and its fittings are concerned, will bo nearly covered by insnranee. The National Insurance Com pany have lodged the necessary fee and demanded an enquiry, which will bo held. Mr Walpole can only account for tho accident by a .spark flying out of the fire place on the kerosened boards and papers nsed to soak up the liquid. We draw attention to an advertisement, in another column, in which the Mayor calls a public meeting, to-night, at the Town Hall, at eight o'clock, for the purpose of bringing the claims of tho 8hipwreck Belief Society for support prominently before the public. The society is a moat useful one, and ought to be supported. Tho Mayor will take the ohair; and the following gentleman will address tho meeting : — Sir W. F. Stawell, Jonkheer Ploos Van Amstel, Messrs Edward Langton, W. W. Conche, John Marshall, James Lorimer andH. B, Reid, The third social evening of the Fitzroy Philharmonic. Society waa held last even ing, in the looal town hall, and was fairly attended, A concert of twelve, numbers was given, in which Mrs Gordon, Miss Matthias, Miss Clarke, Miss Gordon, Mr Stevens,- Mr Oroker, Mr Morgan, and Mr Fitzgerald took part. The perfor mances were,' as a rule, very well executed, bnt Mr Crokor's singing of Balfe's lovely Bong, When Other Lips ; Mr Stevens' render ing of Life on a River ; and Mrs Gordon's and Mr Morgan's execution of the dnet, The Sailor Sighs, deserve special mention. After the concert, a ball took place, and danoing was kept up for several hours. The Seventh Annual Meeting and Prize Distribution of the Artisans' School of De- sign, will be held in the Trades' Hall on Fri day evening next, at eight o'clock. St. George's Hall was .filled last night, and : tho Fakir's tna'gio was well received.- Mr Walch's dramietta, The " Great Wager of £500,!' iB received with laughter, interssersed with awe when the "ghosts and ghostesses" appear, "Fritz" was again repeated at the Opora House, lust night, to a full house.' Mr Emmet will shortly, bring out a new pieco, enitled "Jan, or tho New German," and bli the admirers of the eccentric German drama' are waiting anxiously for it. Mro Sootfa-Siddons1 Jalint gains nightly on, Melbourne audiences, nnd the more it is Been, tbe more tho art which conceals art . iB manifest. We have seen several artistes in the dying sceno of this tragedy, but wo may say that it appears to us as if Mrs Siddons presents tho more touching representation of any we have seen. The " business " is entirely her .own, pnd is very affecting, while true' to nature, ' ' - - : .' We are requested to notify that Thomas .Fal; ton left hn homo oo Mond&y; evening, 7th inst. bevweon seven and eight o'clock, and not haviog returned, great anxioty for his safety is eoter-- tainsfi DASorintinn Rf, n;» L:L — J.- — - — .T , ' 11 u,B"i uuuiuiu build, long whito aged sixty-six yeira, Ho had on black, folt hat, dark tweod soli, elastic sido boats, and white shirt. Any infor mation will bo gratefully roceivod at Alpha Cottage, Brnnswiok otreot, North Filzroy, > ' ' FEriKEtiBT, Soptembor, 1869. — Gentlemen, — I fepl it a duty i owe to you to oxprots mv ;ratitudo for tho great benefit I havo derived iy taking ' Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr Bel, B jrko'oy for tho above- named pills, for wind in tho stomaoh, from whioh I suffered excruoiating pain for a Iongth of timo, having) tried nearly every remedy protoribed, but without deriving any benefit at all.. After taking two bottles of your valuable pills, I was quits restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity, Sir, for the bfnefit'of' those who 'may thus be afflicted. —I am, I Sir, yours truly, hbbbt ailpabs.— To the Proprietora cf NoMort fUttoima fim - , ,, . ' ,;i ' 'tl : : ' 