Our attention has been directed by the local postmaster to a manuscript notice outside the Post Office, by which the public are in formed that the mails to Melbourne and intermediate places on the Castlemaine route will close three- quarters of an hour earlier than usual. This is all the publicity afforded to an alteration which will "probably incon venience business men and others who have a large daily correspondence, and to whom the missing of a mail may be a serious matter, Truly the ways of the Government departments are mysterious and passing comprehension. But the fact of insufficient notice being given of important alterations in time, etc., is not the only subject of com plaint. In the old coaching days, which were not so bad after all, we were in daily communication with almost every town in the colony, and used to look forward hope fully to the advent of the steam horse for increased facilities both in postal and other matters. It is needless to say that these anticipations have not been realised. We have railways within a few miles all round us, and the postal arrangements were never before in so great a muddle. Formerly, we could communicate with Talbot at a con venient time within a couple of hours, and receive an answer within eighteen or twenty. Now, although our neighbors are but fifteen or sixteen miles distant by the road, it takes -as long to communicate with them and re ceive an answer by post as if they were stationed at the other side of Melbourne. The consequence is that through this and the discontinuance of the daily coach, the trade of Avoca with Talbot and Amherst has been almost entirely cut off. Having succeeded so satisfactorily in upsetting the communication with adjacent towns, the departments are now trying if some more inconvenient arrangement cannot possibly be invented to interfere with the mails to Melbourne, and hence the alteration just noticed. Probably, if they set themselves earnestly to work, they may succeed, but residents hereabouts may console themselves with the knowledge that when the worst comes, communication with Melbourne via Adelaide, Sydney, or New Zealand, will still be open, and may be found in time quite as convenient, as the direct railway route. The Railway Department, as far as we can understand, seems to be altogether respon sible for the annoyance caused by the altera tions, and it is generally admitted that it is time that that refuge for the incompetent and destitute should be remodelled. Neither in the passenger traffic nor the conveyance of mails can it suit the public convenience, while in the goods traffic it has frequently been proved that the horse teams can beat it both in . poin t of time and price, W e would recommend that a few of Cobb and Co's. clerks be engaged to set the Depart ment in working order, and after this, as some position will have to be found for Mr R. Brough Smyth, he might be engaged to keep the minister, traffic-manager, and offi cials generally from going to sleep or los ing themselves in the mists of imbecility. An inquest was held at the Union Hotel, on Saturday evening last, by the district coroner, on the body of a Chinaman named. Lin. Quong, who had been found that day smothered in a hole at Spring Flat. The deceased was shockingly'inuti- lated, the neck and right hip being dislocated, and other parts of the body being : severely injured. From the evidenee taken it appeared that the de ceased went to work as. usual on Wednesday, but as: he did not return a friend of 'his, "a Chinese butcher at the Lead,- instituted a search for him. -From the appearance of the hole where deceased bad been working it was supposed that the ground had caved in upon him, and information was at once given to the police. Senior Constable Shanklin at once proceeded to the spot- with the necessary assistance, and after removing about half a ton of earth And stones, found the deceased lying on his face; with his head bent underneath to the, chest, and the leg forced up to the head. The jury returned a verdiet of accidental death through the caving-in of a drive. It was stated that deceased was 51 years of : age, although be did not look so old, and that he had been in the colony for nine teen' years, and had a wife in China. ' The Maryborough Standard is rather cpmpl; inentary fo the Avoca -people on' account of the. activity displayed .by them in connection with the approaching hospital fete. In concluding a para-- graph our contemporary, says:— "When the' Avocajtes take' a Jthihg in band they will not allow any trifling thing to turn them from their purpose." ;Quite true \ -but it sometimes takes a . good deal to induce .thetii to " take a thing. in hand" for their own benefit or credit sake. ' We are confident, however, that the reputation of the district is safe as far as the hospital, fete is concerned. ; It will be seen by an advertisement in our fourth page that a still further reduction' has taken place in the price of Singer's ' sewing machines. The machine hitherto- costing £8 10b can now be ob tained for £7 lfis, and -proportionate reductions have been made throughout the catalogue. Mr Spell -is the local agent. Lines by- W. R,, Timor, and others, are unavoid ably crowded out. The following applications tinder the Land Act .have been approved .'—Isaac Hardy, Warrenmang; Roderick McDonald, Glenlogie; and Peter. Jarry, Eversley. ' We remind our readers that the annual meeting of the Maryborough and Caiisbrook Racing Club will take place oo Thursday and Friday ' next, A good programme has been issued for both,days, and an additional attraction to the course will, be found in the fact that His Excellency the Governor has promised to.be present. The-first day of 'the meeting is incovenient for some of the" Avoca resi dents, the local county court being held'on that date, but as npany can give their attendance will no doubt , do so. An additional telegram was received in Maryborough yesterday afternoon, stating that bis Excellency will be aocompanied by 'Captain Ditmar of the German frigate Louise, and Major Pitt, The hons Duncan Gillies and J . Service nave also noti fied their intention of being present. A Percydale correspondent writes " On Fri day evening last a very interesting meeting was held at Percydale in connection with the Good Templars, for the purpose of saying farewell to Mr D. A. Gilsenan, L.D., who is on the eve of his departure for Melbourne to the Wesleyan Theological Insti tution, and who during his connection with the lodge at Percydale has gained the eBteem and con fidence of its every member. About sixty persons, principally Good Templars, sat down to tea in the Temperance Hall. The spread, which was equal to any ever seen on Percydale, was provided gra tuitously by the.memhers of the lodge. After tea the company retired to the Wesleyan Church, where a numerously attended public meeting was held, Bro Britten in the chair. The entertainment consisted of readings, recitations, and songs by members of the order, and the Binging <$f Mrs Robarts was much applauded. Interesting addresses were' given by Messrs Gilsenan and Granger. During the evening the chairman read' on behalf of the lodge an address- - to Bio D. A. Gilsenan, in which they spoke of the high esteem in which he was held by them, and of their regret at his removal ; but hoped that wherever he might be residing he would continue to work for the great temperance movement, and concluded by. present ing him with a very handsomely bound Bible as a slight token of their esteem, Bro D. A. Gilsenan replied in a few chosen words, thanking them for \- this expression of their confidence and, and after wishing them all future prosperity bade them fare well. The meeting concluded by passing very cor dial votes of thanks to those who bad taken part in the entertainment, and by. singing the closing ode. The concert at the Shire Hall, on Tuesday even ing next, will, we nnderstand, surpass iu the many attractions to be put forth anything of ;the kind ever before attempted on Avoca, Mrs . Robarts, Misses Jennings, Wise, Mathers, Sweet, and Messrs Toutcher, Warton, Outtram, Casey, Wilson, J, Wise, Stockman, and others have promised to assist, with Professor Crana at the pianoforte. The Avoca BraBS Band will also play selections prior to the concert. The decoration of the hall has been voluntarily undertaken by Mr.Avison, the hoti, sec. to the committee, and. when the many attractions and the good object to be served are considered, there can be no doubt of a crowded house on the occasion. We understand that the President of the Shire hag received an invitation to be present at the break fast to be given to His Exceilency the Governor in Maryborough on Thnrsday morning. The Maryborough General Sessions were held on Friday last, his Honor Judge Bindon presiding, and Mr Chomley acting as Crown Prosecutor, The only case was that of William Stuart, charged with stealing 10 bags of oats, the property of William Grigg, of the Avoca and Maryborough road. The particulars -of the evidence as given in the local Police Court, have already been printed. Mr Hos kins addressed the jury on behalf of the prisoner, contending there was no case whatever against the prisoner. Had it not been for the over-officiousness of the police, the prisoner would now have been at home with his wife and family, instead of in the dock. A8for the police of Maryborough, he felt assured that there was not a better class of men, or a more hohe8t class in the world, hut the police at Avoca were at the bottom of this case. His Honor summed up, and stated that he considered the police were deserving of credit instead of being blamed. The fanners in this country had enough to do to hold their own, and should receive every encouragement the law could afford. The jury, after short deliberation returned a verdict of " Guilty." The prisoner was sentenocd to two years' hard labour. The following, from the birth notices of a Mel bourne paper, is worthy of notice " On the 16' h March, at her father's residence, the wife of Mr George Ansey of a daughter, being the seventieth grandchild of Mr Thomas Jennings, undertaker, 128 Queen street. All of Victoria." The story goes that soon after marriage Madame de Murska received from England or America (writes the Melbourne coirespondent of the Hamil ton Spectator) a draft for £1000 in terras of an en gagement she bad undertaken to fulfil ; that Mr Anderson opened the letter, and placed the draft to his own account with one of the banks ; that Madame de Murska resented this aotion ; and t-hat it was to secure herself that immediately on her husband's death the court was appealed to on her behalf for letters of administration to her husband's estate. . Mr Symonds, the Under-Treasurer, intends shortly taking twelve months' leave of absence, during which he purposes visiting Europe viz the United States. Mr Symonds is one of .the oldest and most respected officers in the public service; with which he has been conuected for over twenty years. " It may be stated that he obtained bis wei!> earned leave of absence nearly a year ago, but owing to the exigencies, of official life he did not avail himself of the privilege. Mr Service was Tresurer at the time, and left a memo; in the department to the effect that Mr Symonds, in order to render him assistance, continued to act as Under- Treasurer at the same time expressing a hope that at an early date he would be able to enjoy the holiday which he so much needed and so well deserved. Sir James M'Culioch, acting upon this", has written a memo, endorsing Mr Service's statement, adding that he found Mr Symonds would be sixty years of age before the terminations of his leave of ahsenoe, and' it was his connection with the Civil Serviee of the colony, according to the terms of the 41st section of the Civil Service Act. It/.ris the intention -of .Mr Symonds to return to tbe colony at the termination df his leave of absenee, and resume his position.— Aae. An amusing little episode, says the Argus, took place iu the Legislative Council on Wednesday evening. Mr Campbell .took advantage of the Chinese Lotteries Bill beiiig before the House to express his annoyance at seeing, as he passed to Church,, the Chinamen at work in their gardens. Mr M. T. A' Beckett expressed a fear that perhaps these Orientals might have acquired the habit of working on Sundays from noticing the trains oft he Hobson'a Bay railway, of whichhim- self and Mr Campbell were directors, diligently plying their trade oh that day. Tjie subject was not pursued further. A coroner's jury at Young, New South Wales, in returning a verdict of death from: exhaustion after childbirth, added the. following rider-:—" We consider the practice of medieal men prescribing in serious cases,, without seeing the patient, is to be condemned.- Jt is rumored in Sydney that at no very distant date a grand sham fight, combining naval and military manoeuvres, will take place on the shores of the harbor, between the local naval and military forces and the. men on board Her Majesty's ships of jwar now in harbor. ; A man named Rixon bas been arrested at Mary borough, Queensland, on .suspicion of having murdered his wife. At-, the. police court investi-. gation be; says the Brisbane Iclegraph, declared that he saw the ghost of the murdered woman who described to him .'the manner of her death. He says be then told the police, and hence he wasar- . rested. The evidence is said to be very strong against bim." \- A correspondent of the Portland Gaurdian has had an adventure at Portland with an octopus or devil-fish, presumably, of the same variety as the specimen in the -Bright on aquarium, which created so much sensation in England recently. Writing to the Portland Express , he thus describes his experiences: — "On Saturday afternoon, whilst climbing the rocks round the lighthouse with my wife, I saw approaching from the sea what at first sight appeared to me to be a gigantic starfish, but upon its coming into shallow water I recognised it as an octopus, or devil-fish.' It came close to my feet, evidently making towards me ; I struck it with a gun-cleaner which I held in my lland, and instead. of retreating, as I expected, it seized the trod; - I endeavoured to pull- it away; but ; the beast Still followed me and .climbed on io a rock where I stood. It then released its.hold and went, seaward!). Afterafew8econd8.it returned, and !' again seized . the rod, this time with two of its suckers, remained, quiet for a short time, puffed itself out to an enor mous size, changed color from a reddish brown to a light blue or milky color, and then retired. From the tip of one sucker to the tip of another it mea sured at least eight feet." An exhibition of a brutal character occurred on Tuesday ac the' Norfolk Rush,vnamely;-p a set to between a couple of the " Softer' 8e'x(". ;The lalbat loader reports that 1 these -tWb Amozons, having had a longstanding grievence; zfecided to settle their differences with their fists, the result being; a fight of about half an hour's \ duration; in course of whieh both got pretty well mauled, though neither gained , : -much ; . advan tage over the other. . The combatants were stripped to the waist,. end -there proceedings were scanned with interest, by a large number of persons whose influence should have been exercjsed iu the prevention rather than the encouragement of so disguBting.au exhibition.- -vi- - - w . The Geelimg Advertiser says that never has any event of the kind ereated more ixcitanentrin.-that district than the match for the 600 yardtprnsmihg championship of Viotoria, which took- on the River Barwon on Wednesday afternoon.- Steed- man was the favorite, as much _as„3 to 1 being offered that he would win On. arriving at the starting point the men stripped; ..Wynne wearing blue and Steedm&n; scarlet trunks, and both looked in the pink of condition. Wynne won the toss of sides, and the men got away simultaneously. For twenty or thirty yards they swaui stroke, both swimming on their right side .; then Steedman forged ahead, and 200 yards. from, the start raised the hopes of of his backers to the highest pitch! by obtaining a lead of two clear lengths. Then it was seen that in having to swim on the northern side Steedman was placed at a disadvantage, as he could not see his opponent without turning his head round, and every time he did this he lost a clear eighteen inches of space, Shortly after this YVynne was to be seen drawing up to the leader, and at 300 yards Steedman was hot above three feet in advance. Another fifty yards and they were on level terms, both eleavihg the- water in fine style; then Steedman fell back, and 150' yards from' home was five lengths behind. Some thought he was exhausted, but not so, he put ou a splendid spurt, and had he not swerved would have again been on level terms, for Wynne admitted he had to do his best throughout, As it was, amidst - great excite ment, Wynne won hy about "three lengths. . Time, 10 min.84|- sec. ... On Tuesday last, in St. Aruaud, as a lad 13 yearB old, named David Wilson, was rubbing up some blasting powder in a pannikin it exploded, scorching his face, and burning his eyebrows, eye lashes, forehead, and hair.: Fortunately the lad's right was not injured, and having been treated by Dr. Harrison, he is now on a fair way - to recovery. The wife of the late Professor Agassiz arose one morning and proceeded, according to custom, to put on her stockings and shoes.. At a certain stage of this process a little scream attracted Mr Agassiz' attention, and not having yet risen he leaned anxiously upon his elbow, inquiring what was the matter. " Why, professor, a little snake has just crawled out of ray boot," said she. " Only one, my dear?" returned the professor, calmly lying down again j " there should have been three." He had put them there to keep warm. The London correspondent of the Liverpool Mercury' states that the Great Western is preparing to run the fastest trains in the. world.between Ply mouth and London. Locomotives are being ex pressly constructed for the purpose, and it is esti mated that they will take the trains at the rate of seventy miles an hour. It is further stated that these Flying Dutchmen are to run on the broad gauge. The " Miner" a. Queensland, paper, writes: — It is reported in Copperfield that a black trooper has been flogged to death at the police barracks. From the meagre account received we select- the follow ing -"While the officer in charge was outon patrol one of his troopers absconded, and on the officer's return to barracks he was informed by the black gins that the trooper, had been there ail the time. As a punishment the trooper was ordered to be flogged, and, as far as we can learn, died, shortly after. 