! TALES AND SKETCHES. A LAWYER'S STORY. "I HAVE known strange things," said old Lawyer Hilton one evening to his sons ; "a lawyer's experience is something like that of a doctor's. We come across strange secrets. " "Tell us one, father," said Philip Hilton, the eldest, and many thought the favorite son. "I have beeri thinking this very afternoon of an incident that happened to me when I first began to practise after my father's death. He left the whole of the business to me. You may never have heard anything of the people connected with the story, but I must tell you that some years ago the fashionable world was quite engrossed by the pathetic story of the death of Sir Archibald Drayton. His young and beautiful wife did not survive him above three days. She literally, the papers said, died of grief at his loss. I remembered having seen her once. It was in this way. My father was Sir Archibald's lawyer. He had the complete and entire management of his estate. The baronet's mother, old Lady Drayton, was living then, and a prouder or more imperious woman never was seen. Sir Archibald married a i beautiful but portionless girl. She was half Spanish, and from the time of her marriage people spoke strongly of her. j There was often war between the Dowager and Lady Bianca Drayton. The old lady, in high dudgeon, went off to tho Dower House, as it is called, in Yorkshire, and left her son with his young wife in London. She was very beautiful, with a dark proud glowing face ; a magnificent figure ; eyes of wondrous loveliness, and red ripe lips. She was much admired and sought after. I do not know what the rumours were. There was some story of a Spanish count who had been a lover of hers before she met Sir Archibald Drayton. I cannot say what happened, whether the baronet grew jealous of his beautiful wife, or whether some of the stories reached him ; but all at once he decided upon giving up his London mansion and taking Lady Bianca into Yorkshire. He sent for my father on some business or other, and I accompanied him to Grosvenor-square. lt was there I saw Lady Bianca, a beautiful stately lady ; but she had an angry face, and did not seem to be on good terms with her hus- band. How little we thought then of what would happen when I should meet her in Yorkshire for the first time. " I remember that for many days I could not forget her face-it haunted me. They went away, and I heard nothing more of Lady Bianca for a long time. My father died and I continued his business. Not the least of my responsi- bilities was that of being the confidential solicitor and family lawyer of Sir Archibald Drayton. My business engrossed my time and attention so completely that I was not able to go much into society. Once every year Sir Archibald came to London. 1 made a formal inquiry as to the state of her ladyship's health, and there all mention of her ceased. Sir Archibald never named her-he never alluded to her, so that I had no opportunity of judging how matters stood. I knew the Dowager Lady Drayton lived with them at Fernscourt. The baronet generally came to London iu October. I was busy preparing for his coming, getting all my accounts into order, when to my intense ho7*ror and surprise a letter arrived from Lady Bianca, written in haste, asking me to go down to Fernscourt at once, for Sir Archi- bald, after a short illness, had died on the day preceding. They awaited my arrival before making any arrangements. The Dowager Lady Drayton was ill, and unable to leave her room. The Lady Bianca begged of me to go at once and lose no time. I was horrified. It was only a few days since I heard from Sir Archibald ; he was then in good health, and he spoke of his intended journey. Now he lay dead, and I was wanted to arrange for his funeral. I did not delay one hour. An express train left London for Yorkshire at noon, and I resolved to go by it. It was nearly mid- night when I reached Fernseourt. 'I shall not be likely to see any one to-night,' I said to myself, and I felt thankful that it was so. I was shown into the dining room were a substantial supper was prepared for me. A great, solemn silence hung over the house. I felt half nervous, remembering the mighty presence that abode there. I longed for the noise and glare of London. The butler who waited upon me was an old family retainer. He spoke in hushed tones about his dead master, of his short illness and sudden death. He offered to show me to my room, but I preferred sitting by the fire for half- an-hour. The gloom and silence of the house oppressed me. I was thinking of Sir Archibald, musing on the vauity of all earthly greatness, when the door opened, and Lady Bianca Drayton came in silently and stealthily. I shall never for- get the white horror of her face, the fear and dread in the wild dark eyes, the quiver of the pale lips. I could have cried aloud in surprise. Could this be the brilliant, beau- tiful lady I had seen in Grosvenor-square ? She advanced towards me, holding out one white jewelled hand that trembled visibly. ' I am glad you are here, Mr. Hilton,' she said. 'I am quite alone.' ' How is Lady Drayton,' I asked. ' She is very ill and unable to leave her room,' she replied. ' I need not assure you of my deep sympathy,' I began, but she interrupted me almost brusquely. ' It is a fearful affair, ' she said. 'So sudden; so very sudden ! ' ' How long was Sir Archibald ill ? ' I enquired. ' He had been ailing for some days before he complained of positive illness,'she replied ; 'for two days he was un able to rise. Dr. Grey thought it was an attack of fever, We sat up with him for two nights.' I did not like to ask any questions, but she continuée hurriedly ' Lady Drayton was with him the first night. I sat ur the second. I left him at five o'clock, and at seven thej found him dead.' ' How dreadfully sudden !' I cried. ' It was,' she replied ; ' and now, Mr. Hilton, you mus! use your influence. Dr. Grey is simply ridiculous. H< talks of a coroner's inquest. It cannot possibly be neces sary. Such a thing was never heard of in a house like this He should have more regard for the family.' As she spoke the white, wild face was painful to see. Th< words seemed to come from dry, burnt lips. ' But why ? ' I asked, ' why does he think it necessary ? ' 'I cannot understand,' she replied ; 'he says Sir Archi bald showed no symptoms of danger on the evening he lef him.' ' Yet the next morning he was found dead, ' I interrupted ' Yes, ' she replied, ' it was so. But then, besides th< fever from which he was suffering severely, I am confiden my husband was afflicted with heart disease.' ' There seems some little uncertainty about the cause o bis death,' I said ; ' why not allow the doctor to have hil own way ? It would be more satisfactory to you all. ' The restless beautiful face grew even more deadly white. ' It must not be,' she cried ; 11 have a nervous horror of ' it ; it would kill me. I sent for you, thinking you were my friend, and would use your influence for me.' ' What does Lady Drayton say ?' I asked. * She is too ill to have any voice in the matter,' she re- plied eagerly ; ' and it seems to me I am the proper person to decide. ' She looked at me with a questioning wistful gaze I could not understand. ' If. you agree with me,' she said, ' Dr. Grey will yield to our opinion. Use your influence, Mr. Hilton. I could not endure such a horror under my roof. The thought of it almost kills me.' She clasped her hands, and tken began to pace up and down the long dining room. She wore a long white dress, soft and flowing. I remember thinking she looked more like a ghost than a living woman. Suddenly she came and stood before me. . You will do your best ! ' she cried, eagerly ; ' promise me you will. Do not let Dr. Grey or anyone else know that I have seen you to-night. See him in the morning. Tell him in your opinion such a course is altogether unnecessary, and would be most disagreeable to the family. Prevent him from doing it if you can. ' Her eyes were burning, her white parted lips quivered ; the dreary horror of her face never lessened. The first message 1 received the next morning was from Doctor Grey, to say that he wished to see me. I found him a grave, noble-looking man, about thirty-five years of age, rather handsome, but cold and reserved. He greeted me politely, and began to discuss business immediately. " Will you explain to me, Mr. Hilton," he said, " who is Sir Archibald's heir ? " "A distant relative," I replied ; "a second cousin who is . captain in a regiment now serving in India. The title and this estate of Fernscourt are entailed. Sir Archibald's for- tune-no small one-reverts to his wife." " Upon whom must I look as the representative of the family," asked Dr. Grey ; "the Dowager Lady Drayton is ill, and unable to see me. Lady Bianca Drayton is out of the question. To whom must I look for consent to what I believe to be necessary ?" " I represent Sir Archibald's heir," was my reply, " and will be answerable to him for all that is done. " " Then I must ask your sanction for the course I believe it necessary to adopt. I am not at all satisfied over Sir Archibald's death. I think it necessary to make an exami- nation. When I left him on Tuesday evening he was ill, certainly ; but there was no appearance of danger-not the slightest shadow of it. On Wednesday morning I was sent for, and told that he had died in his sleep. His valet found him dead at seven in the morning, when he went to give him his medicine." "I did my best. I told him how unpleasant such a course would be to Lady Bianca. How ill she was ; how the whole family would disapprove of it ; and that if not absolutely necessary, I trusted he would abanden the idea. " I cannot," he replied ; " Justice and science alike de- mand it." He was inexorable, and I left him. Lady Bianca sent for me. She received me in her own boudoir. The ghastly face and wild eyes told there had been no sleep for her. "What does he say ? " she cried eagerly ; and I saw that her whole soul was waiting for my words. Dr. Grey declares it must be," was my reply, " science demands it. He is sorry to act contrary to your ladyship's wish ; but he declares he must do his duty. " " I was frightened when I looked at her. Heaven grant I may never see such a face again. She turned from me with a low moan, and said no more. I had many arrangements to make for the funeral ; they occupied me the whole of the day. It was quite evening when Dr. Grey came to my room, and said he wished par- ticularly to see me. His handsome face was stern and solemn. He sat down in the easy chair I placed for him, and bowed his head upon his hands. "Mr. Hilton," he said, "in the sight of Heaven I wish to do right. I must do my duty though it be a painful one. You were the friend and adviser of the poor man who lies dead. You oppose my wish to examine into the cause of his death. I believe that I am bound in honour and con- science to show you this. As an honourable man, I am acting simply for the best." He held out a letter, which I took from his hand. I hardly like to tell you the contents, boys; it was from Lady Bianca. She prayed him to forego his intention ; no re- ward, she said, should be too great for him, if he would only comply with her wishes. "lam rich," she wrote, "and I will share my wealth with you. I am beautiful. I will learn to love you. No reward, even to the bestowal of my hand and heart, shall be denied to you, if you will abandon an idea that makes me shudder." This, and her husband lay dead in the house. "What do you think of it ? " said Dr. Grey, as I slowly refolded the note. " She must be mad," was my reply; "she has thought of it until she has lost her reason." " I do not thiuk so," he replied, sadly ; "do you see no other cause than madness for such a letter as this ?" "None," I replied ; " but what shall you do ? " " Persevere in my intention," he replied ; " in two hours from this time I will tell you the cause of Sir Archibald Dray ton's death." A blank horror fell over me while the doctor was absent. The hours struck one after another ; three passed, and then he returned. One look athis face was sufficient. He was the bearer of awful tidings. "It is my painful duty to inform you that, after a care- ful examination, I am convinced Sir Archibald Drayton died by poison, administered to him during Tuesday night,"' he said. I started in utter horror. " It cannot be, docter," I cried; "there must be some mistake, ' ' " There is none," he replied gravely ; " I am certain Sir Archibald has died from poison ; it will be for others to find out by whom that poison was given." " But great Heavens ! doctor, you cannot suspect her of such a thing !" " 1 make no further comment," said Dr. Grey, " the mat- ter must now pass into other hands. Will you, Mr. Hilton,, see Lady Bianca to-night, and tell her the result of my in- vestigation ?" I could not speak ; horror and dread overwhelmed me The doctor looked ill and anxious. He left me sitting like one stunned with a sudden blow. I could not help the thoughts that crowded upon my bewildered brain. She evidently cared for some one else. She had been unhappy with him.. .?jj \l cannot tell how I nerved myself for the task. I found I . her sitting just as I had left her. The white face and I haggard eyes turned wistfully to the door. J " Well ?" she said, as I entered. I " The examination is over," I replied ; " and Doctor Grey wished me to inform you of the result. There was no need ; to tell. She knew it. It will haunt me until I die." ! " Say it in plain words," she cried in a thick hoarse voice. '? "Sir Archibald has died from the effects of poison," I said. She uttered no cry. She spoke no word. She turned her face from me and hid it in her hands. " Rest to night, Lady Drayton," I said; " to-morrow we . can consult again." She might be guilty, but from my heart I pitied the wretched woman who crouched upon the sofa. I could not j say one word to increase her suffering. I " To-morrow," she said wearily ; "yes, let it be so; we i -will consult to- morrow." But almost as the sun rose Lady Bianca's confidential maid knocked at the door of my room. " Will you come to my lady's boudour?" " and come at I -once?" I went. And saw - Ah me ! I shall never forget the : gight-just where 1 had left her-she lay dead. With just ! the same look upon her face, the same dread and horror. Ï By her side lay a little phial, quite empty. It was labelled poison. She had been dead for some hours. A note lay on the table. It was addressed to me. I opened it with Í trembling fingers, and read it with eyes dimmed by tears. j \ " I know what the world will say," it began ; " there is , i mo hope for me. It will call me guilty, and the proud woman who has hated me ever since I married her son will rejoice in my degradation. Dr. Grey is right, Mr. Hilton. My husband died by poison, given by me ; but mind, -remember always, I swear it was an accident. His medicine bottle and a bottle of laudanum stood side by side. At ? eleven o'clock I went to give him his medicine. I was tired .and sleepy. Careless, I own, to a criminal degree. I took the wroug bottle, and never discovered my error until early morning, when I found my husband dead. I knew he was .dead when I left him, but I dared not say so. Of what use for me to swear it was an accident ? Who will belie ve me ? The only course left for me is to die ; and I die declaring I am innocent of all intentional wrong." j "We three-Dr. Grey, Lady Drayton, and myself-kept the secret ; the dark tragedy of Fernscourt is unknown. I think of it at times, and am still undecided as to the ^measure of the poor lady's guilt. I have told you a story .under assumed names, but it is true." 