. EARLT RISING/ , ' (JVew York Times.) Wire is it that folks who like to do a thing, are nbt content to do it and leavo others, un advised, L to act for, themselves, ? Why should they insist on putting everybody into their pint measure, and 'condemning' all who happen not to fill it exaotly ? ? This peculiarity. is con Bpicuous in social habits, in the routine of every-day life. The man who confines mmselt to two meals in twenty-four hours imagines he has cause of --grievance against the man pre ferring thireo or' tfour meals. The ?woman who enjoys . society tifld travel feels uncharitable toward the entirely domestic stay-at-home body. ' In nothing is thiB trait more observable than in getting up ''in the morning, about which' people differ so-very widely. They who choose to lie lato are -amiable enough toward those who believe, from a, queer sense of hospitality, that they ought to welcome the dawn ; that tne dawn would ;be distressed unless they should co-operate with it, and keep it in' countenance for its premature coming. But tha early risers aro not so kindly or so tolerant. If not positively inimical to the late lier, they greatly disapprove iof him, and ? are inclined to give him wholesome counsel against his habit. Can anyone tell why the more fact of being up at or ibefore daylight yields to a man an assurance of moral- superiority ? What specific and, shining virtuo is there in leaping out of bed and dressing, pneVself in the dark? What crown of honour is conferred upon the fellow who, unable to sleep in tho morning, bounces up 'betimes to advertise such inca pacity? TheBe be subtle questions, and their answers in here in the mysterious root of things. But thero can be no question that the habitually early riser conceives ithat the Ten Commandments are conserved in him, in addition to nn ample Bystem, of ethics. When he. appears at breakfast, he is very likely to ask.those at table when .they rose, feigning ignorance on a point on wJicli ho takeB particular pains to be informed. Having been told that thoy rose at six, or seven, or-eight o'clock, he invariably announces with great gusto, ' Why, I was up two hours before any of .you!' Then he proceeds to patronise, in a very lofty manner, the inferior mortals who are not ashamed to confess that thoy have no prejudice in favour of getting up iu the midfllo pi-tho night. Nor is hecontont to enjoy this exalted triumph onee, twice, thrice, or twenty' times. Every morning ho plumes hiinsolf anew, puts the samb question, and eacH!time adds to his moral worth and per sonal consequence. What offence is there in sleep, that to pro tract it in tine morning should be visited upon us so severely.? Casuists havo informed us that man is always sinning, except in sleep, which should thareforo bo ardently encouraged, whether before or after dawn. l)o the seven sleopcrs typify tho seven deadly sins, or does tho oarly riser design .to bamboozle our the- ' ology ? We -suspect the latter, for he is art in comprehensible, wholly inconsistent pcraon, who obviously thinks that his matutinal self elevation should atone for any and all other defects whatsoever. It is not sleep, but Bleep in tho morning to which ho is hostile. Ho is fond of saying that wo cannot be in bed too long before midnight, or too briefly beforo daybreak. And then there is sonic sort of iniquity appertainingto the bed. He' himself will frequently get mp at four or five o' clonk, and, after dressing, .descend to the library or sitting-room, throw himself omthe lounge, and be dozing in five minutes. He does not feel, any shamo for this eithor, although at break fast he will be ready to hector his sons or brothers-in-law, who wore at the same timo inaudibly asleep overhoad, for being irredeem able sluggards. It is noticeable that tho early riser often compensates himself for the greoting to the dawn by frequent imps between that hour and his regular bed-timo. He gets up, but only to lio down again.; Iho is not up for all day, nor is therd need of 'it, in his judgment, after he has performed the ono important duty. The whole matter lies iu.this^ it is good. for porsons to riso early who want to do so, dr Who havo something to occupy thom, but they who have no' necessity, and enjoy sleeping; ought to bo privileged to lie abod without, discredit !or Condemnation'. ? This is rank iherosy Iwo are aware, but we nro averse to fanaticism oven on this time- honoured subjeet. Thoro nro virtues altogether independent of tho hour, of getting' mp, and some mon who have slopt late havo gone to thoirtgraves with blameless reoords, and loft largo .estates for their kindred to quarrel over.. To get up merely for the sake of getting iip is not of nesossity a saving grace, and vices imight be named — it is truo they are deep and! Jdark— -which it will not expiate. Late sleepers bxre so long-^aon bullied and persecuted :thiit they would seem to havo earned indulgence. Tho inexorable early riser should compassionate, ttieniiit last, and pormitthemto go to pordi tibn, if thoy will,. on downy beds of easel Even if they be resolved to rush upon destruction from hair mattresses let them rush, ? while he may seek absolution for non-interierbnbe by getting up for six months at two o'clock in -Hie uidrnfajr.,. ' , '. '. , ;_ .'?'. ' j ? It; is well not ti- bo beguiled by. saws and' counsels on tho subject. Most of them had( their'origin in 'iv. distant era, and under con-; ditions totally dift'orent-lrom those now, existout. Our remcto ancestor« went to bed early because 'theWwos .nothing else -to do. Thoir descen dants of to-day go to bed Jato and get up :' late for very -much tne same reason. : ' Country folk took 'thoir pillow from fliieer fatigiio, from ?wearinqss, feom want' of moutal stimulant; Cjty: people awoid their pillow, for at dark thoir r'e'eroatiori' begins,1 and tlie joys of tho pight are poeiic and manifold. The latter linlf of; the ninetconth century is an age of gaslight,, of midaight suppers, of 'nocturnal pleasures, -, of turning night into day. ? Ho who goes to bed early uannot see tho roalities- or tho ghosts of (ho time, and to riso early' would Kubjecj; him to a Splendid isolation, besides fittaugi him oro long for a sloep in tho cemetery! :j -; 