EUROPE. The Free Handicap race a1, fewmarket on A pril 20 was won by Maitland. freakneas, tho American horse, was fourth. A Calcutta telearam received in England an nounces that 17 persons implicated in the murder of Mr. Margary, of the English Expedition, wid be executed at Bahama on May 5, ia the presence of the English escort. The ship Victory, from Shields for San Fran ciscc, is leported lost with all on baard. No particulars have been received. A desperate fi^ht took plasa in tho streets of Limerick on the 17th of April. Me-ars. Butt and O'Shaughnessy, membars of Parlia rcent for the city, announced thoir intention o: addressing tha pecpla from the basa of O'Conneli'a monument. A procession, number ing fccmo thousands, contistiug principally of Trade Guilds, with bar.ds and banusrs, couse quentiy marched to the placo, and a body of Nationalists armed with sticks, who had pre viouiiy taken possession of the monuoieat, attacked tho procession. The Nationalists were overpoweied after a eevero fi-b.t, in which many persons received deadly injuries. The police and military were unaer arms, but abstained from interference. A rumour is all oat that a British Legation is to be tstablished at Cairo. The story is doubtful, because £uch a recognition o: E^ypt wiuld ba a direct insult to Turkey. iir. Disraeli, in the Housa of Commons' on thL' 25th April, gave Air. Fawcett no enaauragezient on the latter's motion for aa address to tha Queen, graying her not to accept the title of impress. Mr. Fawcett gave notice of a mare stringent motion, amoantiDv; to a vote of censure. In'the Admiralty Division of tha Hi^h Court of Justice an order was make on April 5 for tho rolessb of tbe Franconia, which bad been arrested at the instance of the proprietors of the steamer Strathcljde and tho owners of tho cargo on board that ship. It was arranged that £3 per ton and a certain amount for costs should be paid fcto Court as security in rospectof the suits instituted on bebali of the owners of the Strathcljde against the owners of the Francoaia in a sum of between £60,000 and £70,000. Divers are at work salving the cargo of the Strathclyde. The steamship Octavia, which was captured by a Spanish man-of-war near St. Thomas a, has been released. She wa3 suspected _ of having arms and ammunition for the Cuban insurgaato, and before she was released her master f urnished Sir William Grey, the Governor, with security ajfaicst her acting in any way illegally. Signer RoEsi was to mike his first appearance before an English audience ia Italian at Drury lane Theatre on April 19. His opening pioca was to be ' Hamlet.' Signor Salvini has appeared in Idinburgh in Othello, and haa had a cordial reception. He comes to London early in the summer. It is said that efforts are again being made to secure the appearance of Mdms. Ristori, Signor Salvini, and Sl?nor Rosa in the same play. The plays spoken of are 'Maobeth,' with Salvini as Macbath, Mdms. Btstori as Lady Macbeth, and Bowi as Macduff; and ' Hamlet,' with Salvini as Hamlet, RiiMn as the Queen, and Rossi as the Ghost The following are the month's 8hipm9nt3, from 'BtableVa Circular:'— They amount to £1.186,200; inoraut £170,900. To Melbourne, £415,800; Sydney, £322,900; Qieenaland, £6 W; Addftide, £181,200; TmouuiU, £18,500; New Zealand, £1 83,6X0. The principal ship ments to Melbourne are— Drapery, £IOI,9S; die&ed; and wrought leather, £23,§15; ^Lnpowdtr, 379 cwt; bar* and rod i:on, 3,St.5 Ices ; hop-iroa, 502 tons; p'a'e and fL»et hoD, 154 tons; pig-iron, 16 tons; gal vatize^, 6,5' 4 tons; linplatei', 2,309 bore?; Hrseed cil, 10.934 galls.; woalpack--, £J,&0; flooring-boarcii', 184 loads; tobacco, 12o,3b7 ib .; bulklraLdy, 62,251 galls.; case, 15,571; rix, 5, CSV ga'Js ; genova, 2?,75O ga!!a ; British ijiritB, 24/82 (zalis.; red v-ine, 17,173 galii; white wine, 13.855 trails. ; bulk beer, 357 barra'-s; bottled beer, S&5 barrels ; aialt, 2,25i quarter-; hops, 82 cwt. ; wh.te sair, 1,111)5 tous ; r-'ck salt, 165 tons; candles. 902 cwt. A Lcstilu mccucter has occurred botwaan M. Feuilrhade and M. Oilivier. Tii3 former, 8gcd S3, is tbo sou of the late Cnlonal of Engineers, sice-ce-canip to Marshal Vaillant. Tho lat'er, who is like years younger, is also of good family, and served as a subHsu tenant of Lancers during the war. Tiia crass of tbe quarrel (ssjb Ualiqnani) was a woman, the sister cf a daiueitst at the Gii.e Theatre, and tie duel wa? fought at a short distance from longway, just across tb» frontier of Luxecbiurg. Tno combat was bng anl deier mined, aad three tices tho seconds int;rveiei to fiiiow tLe adver.*arieg to take ro+r. At the fourth attack taoh adveraary made a thrust wijLo'Jt r»ttemptini? to [iwry. M. Feuiirbaie received a wtucd in the »ide, while hU sword ptint t^teitd the breast of M. OUivisr above tte ni} p!e, tnd reache-i the heart, killing him on the spct. The parties returne-i to L ,ngwy by the canUse in which they bal left in the merging, and where the body of tha unfortunate gentkmau was embalmed. Iit3 funeral has since been ptifcrmed at Maisons-Aif-rr, near Paris. : Tha Jcrv;-nal de Charlerol reports an extra ordinary accirent as having occurred at Ar deaiKF, roar Namur, to tbe express train from CoiogtiO to Fari?. After leaving Ardeaa%s tha ergita ran into a cart laden with gunpowder tiat was crofsing the line at the moment Tae shock earned an immediate oxp'osi.n, and the train is stated to have been lifted conapletely off the lice and settled down again on th-) raiU. Al: the caniages were more or, - less damaged, the glass windows being destroyed ana the c'jfiains burnt. Tho smoke produced by the explosion was so grea* thai the employes st first imagined that tha engine itself had exploded. It appears that the cart, which was laden with three bureU of gunpowder, had incautiously been a'bwdd to cross the rails at the moment tie oxpres. waa due. The driver of tbo cart and th? ho;£C were bcth seriously icjuraj, the cart being smashed to fragments. Tho windows of the adjoining houses were a!*) destroyed. Strange to say, the p&sseDgera; in t'ue train all escaped Eflrious ir.jury, whiki tho carriagas had the appearance of having been on t'ira. The trial in Russia of Herr Strou3borur, the railway kirig, was to begin on tho 20th May. . Tht -S(. Peleislurg GazMt of Aprii 25 says the feais entertained for the peace of Europe are groundless. The Sultan has instructed his Foreign Minister emphatically to duavjw any apgrea-ive intention, and to give asiuraices that the military movements in Albania areouly defensive. The St Petersburg correspondent of tha North Gtrmon Gazette writes that the Czar appears very bappy to have his daughter, tha Duchess cf Edinburgh, onco moro with him. Hw pleased demeanour is generally noticed. Father and daughter are seen much together in public. They take daily drives together, and hava, among other things, visited various girls' sshooh, in the corduct of which the Duchess tabes a lively interest In Hillah and Bagdad, from March 28 to April 14, there were 217 deaths from the phgue. It has now crossed the left bank of the Ttgria. The foreign Ambassadors at Constantinopl have remoritrated against the Pert bringing into Burope troops from Bagdad on account o' {he plsgue. 