From tho Brisbane Courier .) Cooktown, ,Tuly 15. A thousand ounces of gold wero shipped by tbo Florcnco Irving. Maytown, July 15, ' A orusbing of 222 tons of quartz from tho Uueeu of North nrnsneotimr claim linn vinlrlnd 1017. Gymtik, July 15. A crushing of 93 tons stone from the Pur- Bovorauco lousoliuhl luis yielded 1212 ounces of gold. Toowoomiia, July 15. A forfeited homestead selection injtlio AYost- brook area was balloted l'or yesterday. . Tlioro wore forty-eight applicants, and tho soleotiou wns won by Mr. Hugh Pointer. Sydney, July 15. Tho Governor lias notified to tlio University Senate that it is his intention to give an annual prize, oxtendiug ovor throe yours for tho best examination upon tho ulinruolcr of Sliakosptiaro's works. , Melbouiine, July 15. Parliament was ' opened _ on tlio lltli. Tho Speech refers to tho loan cn tho London market aud tlio agreement entered into with the Associated Bunks ; tlio erection of school buildings ami tho question of railway exten sions, of whieh fivo miles moro will hu opened before tlio end of tlio year, and two hundred more by Ahiroh next year, milking llio total length of lines then opened equal to 95(1 miles. The introduction of hills dealing with tlio following subjects is promised : — Eleotornl, Education, Harbor Trust, Mining on Private Property, and Coroners, & o. It is also likely that a now and more econo mical system of railway imiuugomeut will be advocated. Launoeston, July 16. , Tho ngrioulluriil returns of tlio colony show a surplus of only 225,000 buBliols of wheat avail able for uxpurt. J Adelaide, J uly 1 1 to 11 . It la boliovod that tho Gottsvood, ship, bound from Liverpool io Alhlboumo, was wrecked throo wooks ago, and that " wrcokors " havo been plundering llio cargo cVor sinco. A man named Barnicr, ohurged with stealing n por tion of her cargo, lias boon ftnud .910 ; and another mnn named Hoplir, charged with the siiuio offence, has boon romundod. Tho polioo are now angagad digging thobonohin sonroh or tho bodies of fclio crow. No further ndvieafl liavoboon roooived from tlio Edinburgh t oitblo Htoiimor. / It isstutod that Captain Harrington, of tlio Gottwood sliip, rcoently wrecked in RiyoliBuy, lmd Ins wife aboard. Ho was a part ownorof tho ul-fatod vcssol, nnd intended rctiriug upon tlio oouolusiou of his. voyago.' Twonty-sovcn pore <>ns nro supposod to hnvo beou on board; liiohtjhug ouo passenger. Puizk Fowls.— Tho Yaralla; s.s., recently brought down from Maokay, for tho uurposo of exhibition nt tbo ooming Fitzroy P. A. and H. Society's --Show, perhaps tho finost breed of bluokj Spanish fowl to bo hud in tlio north. Thoy nro the. progonv of fowls .that took tlio first prizo at tlio Birmingham Show, ;in England, last year, nnd consist of n pon of fiuo cocks, bred by Air. Rioo, of Alount Spencer, a well-known connoisseur iu these matters, and Lt'9, t pairs of cooks and hons, bred .by Mr, Liiwson, of Mnckny. Tho wholo aro an oxQoodingly ohoioo lot, nnd uoiio of thom over six months old. Sovorul private offers liavo hoeu mudc for thom, but the auptiouoors, Messrs. .Brown uud Kirwun, havo determined to submit- them to public competition aftor tho show, bo as to givo everybody a .chance. Tije Show.— Entries;. for tho forthcoming Show of- tho. P. A. . uud H. Soaioty oloBO to morrow, ut <f p.m. : The Hawkksuuky Handicap.— Tho |follow- ing horses linvo declined iicooptaiioa Gillio Oalluin, Janitor, Blair Atliol, Guryowon, Priatn, Ropriovo, Tho Cardinal, 'and Neredah. P. A. and H. Society.— The Jright to oreofc on tho Society's show ground, one booth, und ono fruit stall, us well as tho right to tho gates, will bo sold, this day, ut olovou, by Mr. 11. 'L. Dibdin, at' tho Central Auction lloomij. The Flobence.— Tlie burquo Florcnco may bo oxpoeted up from tlio bay (about Saturday. Sho has on board somo pasuongers, a portion of lior original uomplimout of immigrants to Townsvillo, wlio; wo understand boiug uiiabio to find speedy; engagements thoro, oleoted to eoiae_on to this port. Police Coubt.— Two drunkards ' appeared boforo His Worship, 'yesterday morning, whom ono was finod 10s. or twonty-four hours in tlio colls, it boiug liis third offeuoo ; tlio other, who had endeavoured to resist tho miijesty .'of tli0 , law by, tearing' tho .arresting constable'., uniform had a ponaliy of 25s. or llirco days imposed on him." , ' ; , . , Railway Reculations.— Tho following re gnlation appears in tlio Government Gazette : — " No persons shall got iuto or attempt to got into uny railway carriage without having first obta iued a ticket for tlio class to which such oarriago belongs, or for a superior class," Any ono iufringiug this rulo, renders himself liable to li poimlty not oxceoding £10. Sale ot" Land.— Wo liavo to cull altention to an important sale of town allotments, which takes plaeo this day at Mr. Dibdin's Coutral Auction Rooms, iu Enst-strcot. Tlio allot ments are six in number, ami are coiitriilly situated, having frontages respectively to East-street (two), Derby-street, Bolsovor-atroot, Quay-lauo, und Murruy-strcot. This is a cap ital cliuuco for investors, as buildiug sites iu the abovc-moutionud localities must increase iu, valuo yearly. Noiitheun Rai lway. — Tlic traffic earnings on this liu for tho week ending July 8, wore the following : Passenger (Fares, 11168 Gs. 9d. ; last your, £113 Ills. 3d-. ; iucronaa, £89 ills. Gd . Goods and livo stock, £17-1 1-ls. 8(1. ; last year, £132 Is. 7d,p increase, £-12 13s. Id. Parcels and miscellaneous, £34 12s. 5d. ; last year, £10 9s. 1 Id. ; iucroitso. £24 2s. Gd. Total £3(12 13s. 10(1. ; last yoar, £250 4s. 9d., increase, £10G 9s. Id, Total t radio to date, £11,970 5s. -Id. ; InBt your, £6,642 'IDs. 3il.; increase, £4,427 12s. Id; Reduced (Railway FaHE3. — By announce ment iu our presout issue, it will bo observed that tho railway authorities at _licud quarters havo nt length instituted a stop in tho right direction by issuing school end soiison tiokots in connection with tlio Northern Railway. This iuiprovoinont which conies into operation oil tho 17th inst., will provo n considorablo boon to tho rcsidonts of theso districts, nnd it is to bo hoped is only tho forerunner of other amendments of a liko oharaetor. Solictors' tickets are now obtuiiiublo at tlic offico of tho Truffle Alanagor, Rookluunpton, at half tbo published season ticket rates to pupils attend ing uny Grammar, or othor publio State Schools,' upon application boing by mndo tho muster of any suoh school in a form to bo obtained at tho Railway Offlco. Tlio scale of charges having rcforonco to soason tickets is fully sot forth in mi advertisement which appears elsewhere. Official Foeethouoht.— An instnrioo of forethought which lias coino to our knowlodge, is worth a lino, moro specially us is is generally supposed that tho members of tho Civil Scr- vieo aot by rule of tliumb. Yesterday morning, tlio liiuil for Brisbane, which wns to linvo been forwarded by tlio Bunyip to1 Kcppol Bay, for transhipment to tho Florence Irviug, was sont by tlio Balolutliu at eight o'olook, as tho Bun yip had not nrrivoil from lior previous run to tlio Bay ;to" meet tho English mail steamer. Sho oaiuo into port, liowover, about half-an- liour afterwords, uuil started for tlio Bay ugaiii ut 10 a.m., taking u supplementary Brisbano mail, tho arrangement boiug that tho Balolu tbn, which goes to Sydney, should wait iu tlio Bay, anil tranship the Brisbano mail either to tlio Florence Irving or to tho Bunyip, ns tbo caso might be. This shows that a littlo think ing is duno at the Rookhamptou l'ost Offlco. " Sandy." — The question now arises — Who is Sandy— and which f Is lio iu " durunoo vile," or is ho still nt largo f Ho socms to bo ns ubiquitous ns tho ghost of Hamlct'B father, and quito as dilKoiilt to outcli. It appears that Alary Anno, tho gin now in custody, has great faith iu his ovasivo powers, for when sho was shown tlio bolt wliioh Morris, tho digger, brought, to town with him yostorduy, mid told that Sandy had been ouptured, remarked,— " That fellow boon 'sleep or bel that one beou outuli'om." This, cortainly, was a pretty clear identification of tho nrticlo ; but what about the null ali-millnli'a wliieli wuru obtained by Aterris and liis mate ut thu sumo time, con sidering that one of tlioso formerly iu pos session of tho police, was idontiflod as tho weapon which infiiated tlio umrderous wound. Thoro appears to (he a tangled allien to unravel' but our detective force will, doubtless, jirovo equal to tlio occasion. In tlio meantime, the publio can only stand nsiilo and patiently await further developments. SlELANonoi.y CiuairaisTANOE. — A young woman naiiiod Jnno Jones, 11 passenger by tbo. barque, Eloronoo, aud ouo of tho original im migrants to Towuuvillo, wns brought up to town by tbo Btnnnior Bunyip, yostordny morn ing in n vory delicate state of henltli. , It ap pears that about a fortnight previous to arri. ving.at Townsvillo, nlio burst a blood vossel, anil beoumo oousoquontly vory ill, but re covered somewhat when landed. Being de sirous howovor of coining on ljero in uompnny with a fomnto companion, sho oblnincd par- mission to do so, hut tho oxcrtion of gotting on hoard oausod a rolapso, and sho was so ill on horphsBitgo down, that it was feared sho" would not livo . to' roach Rockhiiinpton. The Buuyip which went, alongside tho Floronoo : in tlio Bay yostorday, brought; lior nnd her com- pnuiou up to town, and tho formor| was con voyed to tho Hospital, where alio now licB'in a vory proonrious ktato. 1 ' 1 ' Man-teats.— Firo plugs nro .without doubt au absolute neoossity in any town of import- nnco, but wo havo novor sncu so muoh i'ngonnity displayed as is shown iu this fair town of Rdokhampton to cbn'vort liti indis- ponsablo con vonienoo into aimilignant uuisnnco. "VYo enn npprocinto a joke, and .wo must confess, that it was with a fooling , of satisfaction ,wo witnesssd an iutorviow ;hotwoeu littlo Do Joiios whom wo detest, and ono of theso plugs tho othor day. Ho ca:no smilingly along tlio side walk,' a 'fragrant Haviuinnh gently dallying with a roooutly bought set of fulso tooth, and throwing a " dolioiotts porfutno nil around ; lito noso " tip-lilted liko the petal, ,of n flower" grnoofully sniffing tho air. Our scowl was' olmngod te a inalioious, grin wlion wo saw him unqonseiously approaching , tlio plug— gaily lio stepped along, and our grin broadouod into n soroooh of laughter as tlio air wns filled with hat, oignr, falsa tcoth mid profanity. Ho hud B'truck tlio plug, und now ho goes about witli liis jaw batidagod up anil swears at tho Aliinioipal Oounoil by moans of a ponoil und pnpor. Tlio liittohinoa having thus sorvod our turn ,wo -would pray tlio nutboritiqB to givo tho mutter tlioir nttoutiqu, so that thoy may bo kept to "their propor lovol, for, porad vefitnre,wb'mny bo tbo uoxt victim. \- Wilson's Gieous. — Wo lourn from a southern cxcliango, tliut tho stcumor Bulelutha has been spcoially ohiirtored for tbo oonvoyaneo of tliis mammoth troupo from Brisbano toRookliainp- ton. After performing hero it is tlio intention of tho lnanagomont to return to Brisbane, in order to liorform during the exhibition wook. Petty Debts Coubt.— Yos'tcrday, boforo tlio Police Magistrate.— ' William Cherry v. Benjamin Guimno : Claimfor£4 19a. 7d. for gouds supplied. There boing no appearnnco for 'defendant ver dict wns ontorod for plaintiff ; for tlio full' amount with costs of court. Walter Uoiil v; Mitolioll undj Barry : Claim for . £7 lUs. for goods supplied. Vordiet for plaintiff' for nmount with eosts, in default of dofoiutont's nppeurimco : Carter v. Benttie ; claim, for £30 for work and labor dono. This wus an notion to obtaiu pay mont for somo foneing work wliioh tho phiintitt' hud contrnoted to ilo on dofoniliiiit's property at Dunriaga, and the dispute arose through a misunderstanding about tbo price to bo paid for pulling down and ro- eiuciiug a wire ipuco, llio plaintiff claiming £17 per mite, while tlio dofoiidant was only willing to pay half tbat sum. Aftor hearing tlio parties to tho notion n vordiot wns givon for plaintiff for £23 13s. 3d., with thu costs uf court amounting to £5 10s. Theatiie Royal. — Tho Sisters Duvnlli gave their . third cniortiiiiuneiit last evening to au excellent houso, uuil there is no doubt but that as tlioir artistie.. abilities bocouio more generally known tho business improves iu pro portion. Tliut tlio entertainment is n really good ono wo havo before said and needs no recapitulation. As dancers tlio sisters aro so) equal in uiorit that it would bo simply invidious atloniptiug to draw any comparison botwoen thom. Tho pro gramme last night wns an entirely , now 0110, and oven moro attractive than the first. Tlio Lakes ofKillurnoy is a pretty littlo commcdiotta of 110 espeeial merit in itself, but affording opportunity for tho introduction of vocal melodies. The boat that oould bo mado of it was dooidodly effected lust night by tlio two sisters, ably supported by Atessrs. Hall and Coutts, who performed their res pective characters admirably. Tlio singing wns rciilly good, tlie Selections being nil popular favourites, tlio rendering of which- wus thoroughly appreciated by tlio nudieucc. Tho Jinaic, howovor, tho juts He deux, between tlio sisters us tbo "Pets of tho Ballot," was unquestionably tho muih feature of tho wholo, and called forth tho most enthusiastic iippluuso- Thoir (lancing is simply suporb, tho vory poetry of graeo and motion. Thu fareo, entitled" Tlio Highwayman's Holiday," which concluded tho ontortiiiuinont is, in a word, ono of tlio most grotesquely absurd originations Unit ono over witnossod, Tlio liouso was convuls.il through out its eontiuuanoo, and wo don't ouvy tbo disposition of any ouo wlio could sit taiuoly by, and not partioipato in tho laughter-provoking mirth tlint seized tlio audience as it woro spontaneously. Tlio todies . dresses . woro extremely elegant, both us tho "Pets of tho Ballot," and tho " Rollicking Highwayman," in wliioh aharuotors their tout cn scwiMe was very pioturcsque. Oub Race Course. — Owners of horses are ooinphiining bittorly, and not without reason too, that nothing has yet been dono towards placing tho running track in a fit stnto for tlio competitors to travel on next week. "Wo know of one owner iu particular who wont out to tho- courso yostorday ovouiug with a viow to givo his horse u trial and came bank without so doing, us lio wns not prepared to travol a vnlu- ablo animal ovor ground that wus bettor fitted for a working bullock to uegotiuto. It is understood that £29 was voted for tho express purposo of puttiug tlio riinuiug in as goad ordor as wus practicable, and nothing yot has been (lone towards effecting that dosiruhto result. Hud tho committee not promised to do the work ownors wuuld havo been only too willing to subs'cribo among themselves to por- furm it, but took 110 notion iu tlio matter on tho understanding that it was to to dono for them. Considering that wo are now within a week or so of the races it is obvious.thnt horses that liavo licen strangers to tlio courso should want to gallop upon .it, anil had tho necessary work (boon completed as it should liavo been during tbo past week, their presonco upon it would liavo made it all llio botlcrj No matter how good tlio stakes may bo, it iri out of tho question to expect that owners of valuablo horses will onro.to compote for them unloss tlioy have somo tuugiblo reason for imagining that they oun do so without fear of accident. In tho first plaeo the grass , requires uiuwiug, secondly llio ground needs Well harrowing and rolling, thirdly, and numerous mud holes require filling. A Loan of Thiiee Millions, — Tho Trcasucr has, says tho Melbourne A ryus, concluded arrangements with the ton associated banks for tho iloatiug of tho three million loan 011 tho Loudon market tiudqr their muuajjeuieut. One "wwam HWIMW w<u.njnjuna«rriuw — n— — — pp I half of the dobciiturcs will bo forwarded to London by the outgoing mail, mid tliobnlanco will bo sent by the. .following mail.' Tlio loan wlirfco flouted about tlie end of Soplcmbor, tlio poriod of tho your considered most suitable for . monotury operations. Any advances required for tlio purposo of oarrying on tho publio works, pending tbo rceoipt of tbo nionoy rained by . loan, will bo allowed to tbo Government by tbo banks. ATauyjiobouqil— Tho Criminal Sittings of tho District Court wore opened nnd omioliidod on tho 13th inst. "Whitnoy, charged with obtaining monoy under false pretences, 'wan found guilty nnd sontonood to six months' iuiprisi-vuftt. Mrs. Book, for llio forgory of a money order, was sentenced to fifteen months' imprisonment.! Hunter, lato bookkeeper nt tho Yengario Refinery, charged with tho larceny of a cheque on tho raeo-eourse, roooived nino months' imprisonment. Hmith alius Sullivan, chnrged. with stealing 11 liorsc, wuh convicted and Bcntonqod to oiglit months' imprisonment. Tehhijjle Exi'Losion at Salt, Lake City. — American pnpors bring details of anothor torrilio - and fatal oxplosion in tho United States. Tho disaster occurred nt the Mormon capital, Salt Lnlto City, nt 5 o'clook on tho afternoon of tho 5th April. Tlio oity was thrown into eonstornation by threo tcrr.blo oxplosions succeeding each othor nt intervals of a few seconds. Tho paoplo rushed into tlio Btreots iu terror, horses ran away, windows wero blown in, doors .thrown -from their hinges, oliiimioys blown dowu, and many buildings badly injured. Tho cause of t'ueso torriblo explosions was not known until an immanso volumo of smolco was soon arising from Arscual-hill, immediately north of tho city. Upon tlic hill were four powder maga zines. Ono of theso mngnzinos containod 14 tons of powder, - another > 10 tons, nnd tho romainitig two about two -cartloads botweon tbein. l'ho Vvliolc of those masses . exploded. Tlio water" works, buildings, and - a flour mill iVore riddled with boulders, and somo immcaso stonos fell crashing through buildings through out thu oity, somo falling a uiilo distant. There wero threo men at work at ono-of thoso maga zines. All tlmt could bo found of ,thpm; woro small pioces of flesh, tho largest being ,q por tion of a foot.in a boot. - Mrs.i,yanntta, of tho 19th ward, was struck by a largo boulder and killed. A number of .othor persons woro injured, aud other deaths mny occur. Ouo tody diod from fright. An immenso nmount of glass wns broken throughout the city." Tho damage to' (fines nlouo will . probably bo nearly 50,000 dollars, John Boddou, a boy iu tho 20th ' ward,' was \slrudk by a boulder nnd killed. Two boys, named Richardson and Hill, wont out' with guns for tlio purposo of fowl, shooting. Human remains found near tlio exploded magaziuc have been identified us tohso of tlioso boys. £It is supposed that tlioy linil fired into ono of tlio mamiziucs. cnusinir tho explosion.— Ball Mall Gazette, 