ICELAND. ' I ARCHBISHOP MACHALE — ELEC TION OF A COADJUTOR BISHOP. An event of toe highest importance and intorost to tho people of Cpnnaught occurred on August 17 in the election of a Coadjutor to the Most Rev. Dr. MacHale, Archbishop of Tuam. Tlie venerated Archbishop, now in his 80th year, shows no sign of either mental or physical debility. His features wear their accustomed expresoion of aturdi ness, vigour, and benevolence; but the Supremo Head of the Church, in his paternal consideration, has acceded to the'irequesfc of his Grace that some of the cares* of the uuiuiuibiruiiuu ui hu JLurgo n diocese liO which six episcopal sees are suffragan) should be removed from his shoulders by the appointment of a Coadjutor ; and hence. tho assembly of the clergy at Tuam to-day, which was convoked by the following letter, of tho Archbishop, for the purposo of choosing three ecclesiastics, of whom one may be appointed his Grace's Coadjutor : — ' To the Venerable Chapter of our Metro politan Church, and to the Very Rev. and Rev. the'Parish Priests of our Diocese of Tuam : ' Health in Him who io the salvation of all. 'After a prolonged opiscopate, extended by the Divine mercy even beyond the space, of time usually granted to man, it cannot he a matter of surprise to any of you that I have thought wi.ll to apply with becoming, humility to the Sovereign Pontiff, entreating his Holiness, in the language of sincerity1,. that he would be graciously pleased to come to my aid in making choice on my behalf of a Coadjutor-Bishop. ' With that condescension and kindness of heart, quite paternal, for which his Holi ness is known, ho has signified his consent; to tho postulntion submitted to him, and has granted tho necessary faculties for bringing the clergy of tho diocese together, that ' there and then three names be proposed of prie3ts, subsequently to be submitted'- to bur, Most Holy Father, of whom one may,' ho suys.^be Ejolectedas our Coadjntor.' ,'....] ? 'For this eml, relying on the strengthening help of God, thero will be held in .oui? ..Cathedral church, on tho 17th day of , the month of August, at the hour of ton o'olockj a. meeting of the canons and parish priests* to which you are, by this letter, invited, and in tthich you will not, we' trust, find it incon venient to take part. '? . : ' Sinco it ha3 happened that tho fte.*?v Thomas; MacHale, Doctor in .Theology and Philosophy, was two or three times ; put forward as one worthy to fill the position of Bishop, and has not been by the Apostolio ' Him the Lord lias uot.Ychosen.' He has for that reason very earnestly expressed a wish that his name should not at all bo introduced at the election about to bo held;.. 'In the meantime, to show you clearly with what right- minded views I desire to see you all animated, I shall not ceaso to offer my fervent prayers with all piety and humility to God, the Author of all good and the Director of all, and to hit? most sweet Mother tho B. V. Mary, conceived without otain, that the heart of each of you may be strengthened by tho fruitful sprinkling of the dew of the Holy Ghost, and, leaving all human considerations aside, and acting from a motive of charity and concord, that those priests be selected to whom nothing will be more at heart, to whom no obligation will be more nolemn, than to defend fearlessly on every possible occasion the cause of Holy Church, but, above all, in educating and training as is proper the Catholic youth, and as far as in them lies, and ao far as it accords with the position of Bishop io defend the liberty and the civil rights of our deal country. 'Accept the assurance of my good will, and pray for me, \+ ' John, Archbishop of Tuam. 'Given at Tuam, 28th day of July, 187G.' ADDEESS OF THE ARCHBISHOP. On yesterday, being the eve of the election, the venerable Archbishop read to his assembled clergy the following address :— ' Accustomed to address the clergy of the diocese familiarly on such subjects as would appear to require mutual communication, I have thought proper to depart from this mode in some degree -by committing to writing my few obs: I'Vrif ons, with a view to thoir full and immediate publication. I have studied to be brief in the remarks I have to make regard ing the solemn meeting of to- morrow, in which you fire to select three candidates, whose names are to be forwarded to the Holy See, for the appointment (should it meet the approval of hio Holineos) of one as tny associate in the Episcopate of tho Dio cese of Tuam. . In the first place I think it right to re^er to your own testimony that noithe*: directly ,'..,..'. ; '?'?'.d -:.:,,- '-???' -.;???? :?-;( '0 '.?!? ? ;,?? -t ? ri}..ic;tji . :? ;;,;:- m nor indirectly' have I sought to influence ! Wi your choice hi a matter of such paramount | 11 interest oo religion, and, personally, to my- j §3 -self. ! Jkj I. regret to fay the same forbearance has j ffj not been universally observed ; for a syste- j u matic canvass Iian been at work for some : j|i time past for the purpose of influencing votes \ §\ in favour of certain Bishops, who, no doubt, I iwere totally ignorant of the matter, or if: they were aware of it, must have','condemned it as forcibly as I deem it my duty to do. The usual argument of those officious gentlemen io, ' such a person is sui*e to bo appointed ; what uae can there be in oppos ing him1? The course then for every pru dent man to adopt is to conciliate him by voting in his favour.' Bishops have been frequently translated; from one see to another, and oftene? still ? from a suffragan see to a vacant metropolitan church, with great benefit to religion. When there is question of appointing a coadjutor to an aged prelate the question assumes a ! new aspect. As a rule observed by the pi Sovereign Pontiff, no coadjutor, whether E'i bishop or priest, 13 appointed to an aged or ||j infirm prelate without his good will and con m\ sent. And the reason is obvious. The IN Church is particularly disirous that peace §p and charity should reign among all its mem fih] bers. '' Now such a blessing can scarcely be |lj hoped for in case an assistant should be Ml appointed in opposition to the wishes of the ffijhj prelate to be assisted. The reason becomes mt\ particularly forcible if there be question of Pi appointing a Disnop nireauy in cue naDvc ot Wj exercising unrestrained power as regards his R'j own flock to become a coadjutor to an aged I|n prelate, on the principle that two independent fe-j persons, one from position and the other Ml from habit, can scarcely be supposed to live I|] harmoniously together. But more dangerous wn still to peace and harmony would be the iiw result in case that the alienated feelings of Ms the coadjutor became a matter of public 1| notoriety. I am far from supposing such Mt persons to bo swayed by unchristian1 or. k| unolerical feelings. I am not unwilling to §§[ interpret them as manifestations of laudable ni views regarding the interests . of religion, §1 the good of the Church, fand the welfare of S| our country, entirely different from mine, h| which sometimes have placed in opposite m ranks some of the most zealous and devoted |i| Catholids. Such opposite and discordant r| views might be harmless in diffcren t churches H of which each would be ruled by tho counsel w% arid authority of a single prelate, but might H§ become a sourco of discord and disedificatiou HI in a diocese subject to the conflicting admin H istretion : of two taking ? different practical H views of such important questions. 6 No doubt, titulav prelates, hovrover, have H been from time appointed coadjutor Bishops, H but only when solicited by tho aged prelate H concerned, and eveu in those cases on account of ancient friendship and well-knOwn mutual CQpfidence. How dangerous such a mode .of procedure becomes we know from long experience. In the neighbouring island . a striking example ha3 happened not many years ? ago. An eminent prelate desired for his i coadjutor one of his own suffragan Bishops. ' The Holy See acceded to his wishes, and the suffragan Bishop was ap pointed coadjutor. A few years only were required to necessitate the severance of a connection supposed to be lasting ; and of the inconvenience of such a union the coad jutor Bishop 13 still a living example. Those are the general reasons which mili tate against the election of a Bishop on the present occasion. If, notwithstanding those reasons, there ohould bo any among you who may wish to give their support to any prelate, which they ave perfectly free to dp, let them bear in mind that, in addition to those general reasons, there exist special ones for the exclusion of such prelates, which, if necessary, I shall not fail to place before the Sovereign Pontiff and the sacred congre gation of the Propaganda, with the convic~ tion on my mind, borne out by long expert ence, that a union shall not be celebrated disastrous to peace and charity, and injurious to the best interests of religion in Jthis dio ceae. ;' There are among you clergymen of a high order of merit and sacerdotal virtue. Turn your attention while there is yet time to those worthy priest?. Make your selection from among them, and let me assure you that I shall not be found backward in giving my cordial consent to the appointment as coadjutor of one or other of the objects of your choice. In those circumstances we h'ave reason to suppose that the Sovereign Pontiff, who so ardently desires peace and concord .among his children, will gladly listen to our prayers forwarded in accordance with; the mode specially recommended by4 himself. t'1 ''?'?? THE CEREMONY OF ELECTION1. -At. ten o'clock a solemn High Mass do Spiritii. HcCnc^o commenced in the_ Cathedral.1 Ascertain dimness filled the spacious build' ing, 'throwing into high relief the richly decorated and brightly lit altar, the shining silken vestments of the sacred ministers, and the white robes of the clergy who filled the stalls and front benches. The celebrant was the 'Very Rev. James Canon Magee ; deacon, i.c \ - - -;.??;(-' Eev. Michael Heany ; sub-deacon, Eev. Peter M 'Phil pin ; and manter of ceremonies, Very Eev. ITliek Canon Bourko. On his throne at the Gospel side, sat the central figure of all, 'The great Archbishop of tho West,' the prelate in whosie life events have been clustered that can be grasped by the memory of few other living men.. His Grace's recollection em braces the landing of the French at Kilalla, the horrors of 98', OS-rattan's grand struggle against the Union, O'Connell's great religious and political efforts, the famine year and the events winch have crowded those succeeding that terrible era. In fact, the record of his Grace's life is intermingled with^ many an event now a landmark in Irish history or a memory of the past. These were the thoughts that, must have struck many as they gazed upon him in the cathedral to day. Scarcely had High Mass begun when blinding flashes of lightning shot through the church, to be followed in a second by the crashing and rolling of distant thunder. A gust of wind rattled the big rain drops against the windows, then the dark masses of piled up clouds broke, and volumes of water dashed to the earth with a roar that almost drowned the notes of the grand organ. Heard from tho darkened, still interior of the cathedra], the wild fury of the elements which rioted ? outside was most impressive, and lent an additional effect to the sublime rito being performed at the altar. And for hours this storm raged with unabated violence. High Mass concluded, at eleven o'clock, when the laity and such of the clergy as had no votes retired, and the church doors wore closed. His Grace the Most llev. Dr. Mac Hale ascended the seat prepared for the president of the election assembled, and the names of the representatives of the canonries and parishes entitled to vote were called over. All answered with two exceptions, and there were found to be 44 electors present. Next was the appointment, by ballot, of two ' scrutators ' to examine the votes ; and the clergy selected for this position .were the Very Eev. James Canon. Waldron and the Eev. Bartholomew Kavanagh. The Papal Eescri.pt authorising the election having been read, the priests present answered to their names, and each' made the solemn attestation that his vote would be1 uninfluenced by a desire for anything but the welfare of the Church and the good of the people. Each voter then placed' his vote in au urn ; the total number of votes in the urn were compared with the number of voters present, and then each vote was read out aloud. The issue of the election was found to be : ' ? Dignissimus, The Most Eev. Dr. M'Evilly, Bishop of Galway, 16 votes.. Dignior, Very Rev. Dr. Thomas M'Hale, Professor, Irish College, Paris, 12 votes. Dignus, Eev. Thomas Carr, .Professor, Maynooth, 9 votes. Eev. James Konayne, P.P., 3 votes ; Yery Eev. Ulick Canon Burke, President, Si;.. Jarlath'3 College, Tuam, 2 votes ; Most Eev.; Dr. Conway, Bishop of Killala, 1 vote ; Most Eev. Dr, Duggan, Bishop of CJonfert, 1 vote'. A formal record was then made of the voting, to be transmitted to Rome ; and at three o'clock the cathedral doors were opened and the clergy separated. The result, was awaited in Tuana with a great deal of interest, and of course consider able speculation was indulged in as to whom the Holy See will select. 