MR. HENRY TALROT AS MACBETH. Mr. Talbot appeared again last night at the Theatre Royal before a largo audience, who hail assembled with some expectancy to see his rendering of the "ambitions witch- ridden Macbeth. In many of the passages lie rose to the level of the general ' concep- tion m wnat tne piece buouiu oe, out in many points he was sadly deficient in clear ness, pith nnd martial emphasis. In the dialogue between Macbeth and his lady, just after the arrivnl of the king, Mr. Talbot gave but languid force to the terrible conflict of iiiiud that rages _ in his relenting bosom before his wife suc ceeds iu goading him on to his bloody purpose. There wns almost as little tragedy in his easy yielding as there was masculine fury in the woman whose scourge-like tOngue pricked on the sides of his intent. In the banquet sceue he put on the terror-stricken man with skilled effect when the ghost of Bauquo appeared iu answer to his toasting challenges; and in the climax he appeared to great advantage when he trembled to find how he had been tricked by juggling fiends thnt palter in a double sense. Miss Carey's Lady Macbeth was, as might have beuu expected, a compara tive failure, but her acting of the heavy aud difficult part unfairly allotted her must have agreeably surprised her many friends. Miss Carey's presence and lack of deep vocnl power entirely unlit her for such a character. It would bo as nbsurd to cast a mail ouly capable of sustaining the light part of lioderigo for that of the Moor of Venice, as to cast Miss Carey for a character where almost masculine sterimess of voice and mind is Inqispeusabie. Makiug mis allowance, it must - be said, to Miss Carey's credit, she did wonders. Having had the advantage o: Madame Janauschek's example in tbe part, Miss Carey showed tffie schooling had not beeu lost upon her. Mr. Dainpier made a good Macduff, and the other characters were fairly sustuined by the members of the .stock company, the piece being oust last night pretty much as before, when Madame Jauauschek played, with the exceptions named. Locke's uiusic was introduced last night, as it was previously, hut the solo parts were, without exception, badly rendered. There is room for vast improvement both in the vocal and instrumental music of the interpolation. 