THE TEETOTAL « MAINE' BTAY TO THE EDITOR. Bar-That the liquor bill of the United Stab* exceeds in amount tbat cf Great Britian hZ been a notorious fact for years. Oue reason for this is tbat the population of the StatBa B*L£ n ™'.''I'™U1U °y a°°us eleven millions. But this does not account for the further fact that the average consumption of intoxicants in America per head exceeds that of Great Britian Jt E?^ tyv4^ fa °TerUinly not tb6 -»-« given hy 'XXX,' as I can very dearly prove. The principal cause is that 33 out of tha 69 States (counting the territories as one) are working under licensing laws moro liberal &I; regards the mnnulacture and sale of drink than those of Great Britain, and therefore tha state ment that 'about a dozen of the most populous States boast of a Maine Liquor Law' is vo'rv far frcm being correct. Other causes inducing consumption of intoxi cants will occur to those familiar with American life during tho past 20 yoars, such as the free and easy social habits of the people, the common practice of living in hotels instead of having permonont homes— to say nothing of the direct operations of the famous 'Whisky Ring' hat subscribed two million dollars professedly 0 sicure Slate privileges for the liquor traflic. Indeed, it was the cncrmou3 oviis of tho traiiio hat sroustd public opinion against it, and made t jostiblo to pass prohibitory laws; aad, if I mutate net, the demand in Euglaud and here for power to removo or b'ttor regular this trsflic, which interferes so sadly with tho welfare of the nation, will become loud aud irrosistib'o. Ycur correspondent 'XXX,' whose con nection v.ith tbe beer tado is sug ge*tod by tbo nom de plume, conceives hat the Maine Liquor Latv is responsible or the excessive drinking of tho Amsricans. He wishes us to baiisve that prohibitive Jogij lation^ has a tendency to promote instead of diffiinishicg the consumption of strong drink. Unfortunately for hio argument the facts aro all against it. 1 can furnish him with, the amount spent on drick in each State for 1S70. compiled from official sources, too, by tho Few York Evening Pott; and thtso statistics would prove that the quantity of liquor consumed is reductd just as the liquor laws become pgraissivo or prohibitory. I select figures from six States to illustrate the folly and falsity of your correspondent's in ference : — Popula- Amount Amt. Nature of fctaic. ticu. erimu iu uer Liquor ? liquor, head. Law. v x. , ' Dollars. :Dolls. hew 1 ork ... 4,3-2 759 21tJ,(il7.0fl5 5(ii Licence. Uhio ? 2,fcT-5.260 15!.734,S7S otjj Licence. Maryland ... 78O.l-U 40.0til.620 52 Licence. MaEBachusett 1,455.351 27,979,575 Mi* Permisive Vermont ... 330,551 6,7SG,065, 20} ( L.{?caI Maine ? C2G.915 S.257,0151 131* Prouibtry * Nearly, # The above table shows clearly that a Permis sive Bill reduces the consumption of drink to a little more than one- third of what it is undor a licensing system, and tbat a prohibitory law reduces it to less than one-fourth. And yet we have men both in and out of Parliament who in their anxiety to boloter up tho Kquor traffic ask us to believe that an abundant and comparatively free supply of drink will lessen drunkenness, whilo to prohibit its fcalo and stint the supply is to inert af 0 the same vice ! I fool the proposition to be so utterly forefen to all wo know of the relation between supply and demand, and bo- absolutely repugnant to the commonest of common sense, that I am tempted to apologiso for haying seriously sought to refute such an absurdity. But Certain popular errors are as tenacirus of life as some of the lower forms of animate. It requires but a slight knock in tbe right place to kill a man ; but a worm will take a prodigious amount of knocking before it will yield up tho ghost. 80 these worm like arguments against tho utility of prohibitory lavrs, though thrice slain, are pre sented to us as of living forco, and yet are lacking tbe breath of honest life. We aro told That the Maiuo Liquor Law is a failure, on the testimony of some uuknown ' prof cwioaal gen leman in Boston,' coupled with that of some ndividual in our midst who has ' visited tho State of Maine,' and who, according to hu evidence, wps in the habit of froqnanting disre putabio bcrbers' whops, where tae law was broken. We aro asted to receive the testimony of sach pcreonB as proving satisfactorily that this law fa a failute, when alf the State officials declare it is no failure, but a success. The Governor of the State writeF, ' The liquor trade is not ono-tenth as large &3 formerly.' The Attorney-Genoral says ' It is enforced as well in proportion as ara other laws, and when men say the Maine Liquor Law ip a failure they are greatly mistaken or tell a deliberate lio.' Tho Canadian Parliament took Epccia} caro to ascertain tho true working of the Maine Law, for Commissioners wore ap pointed to visit Maine. These geutlomen, after interviewing officials and esaroiuinfij documents, reported favourably to their Governmont, and cn!y last week tho news roache.l tho colony that the Canadian Parliament ao far trusted that report as to pass a prohibitory permissive law, to come into force on tho ht of May next. _My friend of the XXX brand may console himself that ho has done no damage to tha ' teetotal Maino stay.' I am, Sir, &c;, Fbom the Quarter -deck. Glenelg, September 11, 1876. 