THE STAGE. Mrs. Scott-Siddons has continued to play Juliet during the week to very large audiences at the Theatre Royal. The piece will be with, drawn to-night (Saturday), when "Much Ado About Nothing" will be produced. Of Mrs. Siddons's performance of the part of Juliet but little . more can be said; it has been commented on fully ,in 'the two last editions of The Weekly Times, and the many splendid qualities and the few slight defects apparent in her acting have been noted and pointed out. The slight defects are now hardly so pro minent, the many excellent phases are more clearly developed, and, taking it all through, Juliet has never been portrayed so ably in Australia before. Mrs. Scott-Siddoas must be regarded as the lady through whose powerful instrumentality a grand " revival " movements— the ' re-creation of a taste for legitimate plays— has been ef fected. 2ii this respect ' the importance of her influence and presence among us can hardly be over-estimated, and' for this alone she de serves the sincere thanks of the entire, commu nity. It is to he devoutly hoped that her stay amongst us may be sufficiently lengthened to enable her te see the permanent nature of the reform she has almost miraculously worked, and that the management will see its way clear to keep so healthy a feeling alive in the minds of theatregoers by looking forward ; and making such provision as will fill the gap occasioned by Mrs. Siddons's departure. Let the management do this, and its oft-repeated asseveration that it desires to encourage a taste for legitimate drama will be fully believed, and it will reap its reward in the shape of large audienees and prosperous "balance-sheets." At the Opera-house "Fritz," which had almost become an institution here, was played for the last time on Thursday night, and on Friday (last night) the long-promised " Jan, or the New German," was produced. It is some what similar in its local colouring to "Fritz," and like that play, serves as a medium for the display of Mr. Emmet's accomplishments as an interpreter of the English-speaking Dutchman in story, dance, and aneedote. Some very handsome scenery has been painted for it by Mr. Habbe, including a moving "avalanche;" in fact, the mechanical effects all through are very good. Mr. Emmet plays the hero, Jan, and the remainder of the ladies and gentlemen or tne company are cast for the various characters. There is a strong attraction at the Town-hall to-night in the farewell concert and final public appearance of Miss Ernilie Melville, who is to sing five of her best songs on the occasion. She is to be supported by Mrs. Cutter, Miss Lund- borg, Mr. Armes Beaumont, Signor Pietro Luisetti (a gentleman with an excellent baritone voice), and Mr. F. L, King as pianist. Mr. J. Summers will be the conductor. Miss Emilie Melville is so well-known and so much liked that it becomes unnecessary to say anything to the musical public respecting her talents. She has made a somewhat lengthy stay in Melbourne, and will leave it with the proud feeling that she is in the minds of -the citizens as fresh and charming as when first she appeared. She Has come to be regarded here with a feeling akin to affection, and whether ; she returns or not to these shores, she may rest assured her name will be inscribed in the golden book which records the history of the best exponents of the lyric drama in Australia. The Fakir of Oolu is continuing a very pros perous season at St. George's-hall. On Monday last he submitted a new programme to his audi ence, the chief item of which consisted of a new - sketch, written by that most prolific gentleman , Mr. Garnet Walch, entitled " The Haunted Chamber, or a Night in Queer Company." It is a ivp 4>via at tllalvioq si o a- bake, a journeyman baker, who gets on the spree, and passing a night at a village inn where a party of itinerant actors are sojourning, he is made 'the victim of a series of spectral illusions. The illusions are excellent, and the dialogues be tween the ghost of Hamlet's father, Ophelia, i Julius Csesar, etc., and the half-awake imd wholly-astounded baker (Mr. A. Silvester, jun.) are ludicrous in the extreme. The Doctor has engaged the services of a Monsieur Voltaire, a ventriloquist, who exercises his peculiar powers through the conventional medium of two lay figures. M. Voltaire's dialogue is of the very mildest type, and if it were not for the name, I could almost fancy M. Voltaire a somewhat un- 1 educated Englishman with an accent savouring of Wapping. He has, however, the ventriloqnial faculty developed very strongly, and in this re spect he is tb be praised. I recommend M. Voltaire to get Mr. Garnet Walch, or a sketch-writer, to prepare a dialogue for him. Driven by the extraordinary success of its younger and more powerful rival, the Metropolitan ' Liedertafel, into a condi tion of friendly emulation, the Melbourne Deutsche liedertafel is putting forth all its too long, latent powers in an attempt to render its social meetings equally popular with those of the first-named society. One of these said social meetings, by which term is meant an entertain ment at which both, ladies and gentiemen attend, as intingnislifiA from the Herren-hcbbenil, or man's night, took place at Hockin's Assembly- hall on Monday evening. As supper and danc ing were included in the programme, their at tractions, in combination with good music, were amply sufficient to. induce a large attend- ance ; maeea, in tins respect wie g»wiwuig, unlike similar ones in " Juwa- hunters' " houses at home, was a little in excess; and may not in aptly be described . as crowded, the large assem bly-room and ante chamber being , completely filled. A number of well-known ladies and gentlemen, amateur and professional, including Mrs. Smythe, Miss O'Brien, Miss White, Air. Staker, Mr. Madden, Herr Behrend, Mr. Du- moulin, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Jaeger, Herr Vogt, Mr. Henry Curtis, Mr. Duboulay, and Mr. Chapman, assisted the society on the occasion, and Herr Siede filled his old post as conductor. Of the vocal music Mrs. Smythe deserves to be complimented on the manner in which she again sang the song, " Home or Love," with an admirable concertina obligato accompaniment by Mr. Duboulay. Miss O'Brien sang with good taste the solo music in a chorus ("Charlemagne") from "Ernani," in which she was assisted by Herr Behrend and Mr. Madden, while Mr, Staker's -rendering of Zingarelle's " Laudato" mustberagarded asof thfivery best kind. The majoir portion ofthentoVramm©, and in tins respect the society veuSrirLlectio 'Tho No. 1 rondo (Mozart), for violin, viola, violoncello, and piano, played by Messrs. Curtis, Jaeger, Chapman, and Hunter, was a bit of work which the most hyper- critical could not find fault . with, so finished was the united performance. Beethoven's serenade trio, by Messrs. Curtis, Jaeger, and Chapman, was also a Bplendidly-executed number, and proved what can be done by finished executants when interpreting such grand compositions by such great authors. Herr Siede's flute solos are always delightful to listen to, and on this" occasion he contributed the adagio movement from Kuhlau's eleventh sonata, and the "Serenade a la Gondolier" (Siede), in a style so faultless, so beautiful, and so enjoyable, as te make his selections the feature of the evening. Mr. Dumoulin executed a fantasia (violin) by Singel6e on airs from " Puritan!," but his execu tion was marked by coldness and absence of volume, that somewhat marred the effect. Herr Vogt played Weber's " Invitation to the Dance" with skill and dexterity, the beautiful work being rendered with great precision, but the same fault mnst be charged to Herr Vogt as to Mr, Dumoulin — a lack of enthusiasm, anrij con sequently, a chilling effect upon the audience. The whole ol the choruses were grandly given, but the most noticeable for its evenness and declamatory beauty was Men delssohn's Festgesang an die Kuns tier." At the conclusion of the concert and supper some most enjoyable dances were indulged m. The members of the Melbourne University 7VQ.WA 41 mrrofAni «nn /tMtuAG'/i -.i w uiuoivoA SUAU uiaiu<»ui\j CUbCl taiuiucub the Athenaeum, on Tuesday night, to a very fashionable but, owing to the weather, some what moderate attendance. The musical portion of the programme consisted of some pianoforte pieces, songs, and an organ solo, which latter, by the Rev. G. W. Torrance, and a duet from " William Tell," by Messrs. A. Barker and F. L. Pirani, were the best. Mr. C. F. Taylor sang one or two buffo songs very cleverly. The comedy, " A Spanking Legacy," formed the second part, and in this Messrs. Taylor, Chambers, and J. A. Levey particularly dis tinguished themselves. The proceeds of the entertainment are to be devoted towards paying off a debt incurred by the University Athletic Clnb. It is our painful duty to record the death of Mrs. ' Alfred Phillips, whose name is so familiar to every playgoer in the district, and who for years past has delighted large Melbourne audi ences in so many characters, notably Mrs. Mala- prop, and only a week since Old Fadet in " Fan- chon,the Cricket." Mrs. Phillips has been ailing for some time past, but up till within the past few days nothing serious wasfanticipated. Matters, however, grew worse, and on Saturday night the profession lost a member who has ever been a careful, painstaking, and pleasing actress, and one whose place will not easily be filled. During her stay in Melbourne the deceased lady has made troops of friends, who will grieve to meet the announcement of her death. At the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, Signor and Signora Majeroni are still performing " Society, or a Mistake in Education," to very fair houses. A new play, entitled " Friendship's Triumph," is being rehearsed for their next appearance. Messrs. Baker and Farron are still at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, and are performing ' ' Lisa Eccles. " Mr. Farron's talents are spoken highly of, but as we shall shortly have them in Melbourne, we shall be able to form our own opinions iii the matter. The English files show that Mr. Irving took his benefit at the close of the Lyceum season, on the 23rd June, in the presence of an enormous audience. He appeared as Sir Tristram, in "King Rene's Daughter," and Doricourt, in Mrs, Cowley's old comedy, "The Belle's Stratagem," which dates back to 17S0, when it was first produced at Covent Garden. Mr; Irving's benefit was honoured by the re-appear- aiice of Miss Helen Faucit, who played the part of the blind princess in " King Rene's Daughter." Mr. Irving starts next month (September) on a starring tour to Manchester, Birmingham, Liverpool, Glasgow, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Dublin, and other cities. Nothing but " Hamlet" is to be played. At the Olympic our old friend Ben Farjeon's new four-act drama "Home, Sweet Home," which is fall of Australian episodes and scenery, is pronounced a great success, and adds much to the author's fame in his new capacity as dramatist. 4. . Signor Rossi took his benefit at Drtfry Lane oh 21st June, to a not large attendance. The second act of "Romeo and Juliet," including the balcony scene, the second act of "Hamlet," the third act of " Othello," and the trial scene frem the " Merchant of Venice," in all of which he enacted the principal characters; made up a varied programme. He was warmly received and applauded in each. He is pronounced to be an artist of the highest mark. A grand complimentary benefit to that splendid comedian, Mr. Bucks tone, came off at Drury Lane on 24th June. The following artistes performed . on the ' occasion : — Mrs. Stirling, Miss Neilson, Mr. Phelps, Mr. Irving, Mr. Charles Mathews, Ben. Webster, Mr. Rvder, and Mr. Backstone himself, and as the piece selected was the " School for Scandal, some idea may ne lormeu m. ««« iW have been played by such a company. Old Drurv was crowded to excess. Mrs. Keeley rZd an address written by Mr. Byron; to which Mr. Buckstone replied in a Th« amount realised bv the SrmaiXe exceeded £1,200. ADAGIO. 