MYRNIONG. (PRnoM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT). THE annua concert and ball given by the Ballan Tent of the I.O. Rechabites came off at -the Mechanics' Institute, Myrniong, on Friday week last. The weather, although threatening at the last moment, turned out fine, and with a full moon the night was all that could be wished for. The attendance was very good. Mr. R. H. Young, of Ballan, occupied the chair, and those rcpresenting the order of Rechabites and the singers, &c.;, were seated on the platform. The regalia of the gentlemen was seen to advantage, and especially so, as a novel feature was introduced namely, that of allowing the lady singers to wear the gentlemen's scarfs during the evening, which had a pleasing effect. A long programme was given. Mr. Boyle accompanied several of the pieces on the harmonium. The following ladies gave songs:-Mrs. J. Grant, the. Misses J. Martin, Fairbairn, Meikle. Miss Martin gave some - reci tations. The gentlemen who sang were Messrs. J. Grant, Davies, Warton, Boyle, Jas: Grant, T. White, Hiallett, and F. White. The singing was very good, and the "Flower girl," by Miss J. Martin, seemed to please the audience immensely. It was an emblem of the three countries and she held in her hand a rose, thistle, and shamrock, and received a hearty encore. Mr. Juo. Grant's songs were rendeied in his own fine style, and he received a large share of applause. " The Captain and his whiskers," by Mrs. J. Graut, was nicely sung. Miss Martin's " Vat you please" was well given, and was very amusing. .A medley by MDir. Warton- created roars of laughter. Mr. Boyle's Cockles and mussels, alive, alive, oh!" was well accepted, a real ghost having been-improvised, with good effect. The other singers also. did very well, and-- the whole-formed a very pleasing two hours' entertainment. For the- ball a large num ber remained; two violinists discoursed excellent music, relieved occasionally. by Mr. Boyle on the harmonium. - Substantial refreshments were to be had adt lib., contributing very materially to the comfort of the inner man, and the whole went on with spirit till about 4 a.m. next morn, when the company departed, well pleased with their night's diversion. The weather has been very boisterous, and threatens rain. On Tuesday night it blew- a terrible gale, and I should not be surprised to hear of great damage being done by the power of the storm. The Rev. Mr. Brunton, from Tylden, preached at the Presbyterian- Church, Pentland Hills, on Sunday last. - He gave an ercllent discourse, and is (D.V.) to preach again on Sunday weekr next. A meeting to arrange for the annual Pentland Hills coursing match willl be held on Wednesday evening next, at the Myrniong hotel. 