VICTOIrIA. A fire at Majorca yesterday destroyed the borough chambers and others buildings. Feu d'Artifiee is backed for the Australian Cup for 4000 at 5 to 1. Co itributions are freely being given in aid of the offtlicers of the Mining department. It is oxpected that £500 will be required. The Opposition are to hold a monster soiree in Alfred Hall, Ballarat, this evening. Over twenty members of the Assembly are expected to attend. A fire at Fowler's fellmongery, Geelong, caused damage to the extent of £1100. The property was insured partly in the Queen and the Imperial oflicesa iMr. Wood invited Mlr. M'Lellan outside for saying he had not diszraced himself, and said he would pummel his head. Mr. M'Lellan declined the invitation. Wood's Wodonga store was burned down yesternight, through the bursting of a kero sene lamp. The damage is estimated at £4000. A ohild was nobly rescued by a railway guard named Swain. Mr. Caine, the French billiard player gave a display of his abilities last night; playing wits Albers, he made breaks of 80, 46, and 58\. It was a nmagniflient play of skill. A very rational addition has been made to the ladies' compartment of some of the carriages running on our railway lines. The addition (we learn from the Courier) consists of gutta percha sunshades, similar to those in use in India. The shades come down to about half the length of the window, and bulge out suffilciently to admit of an abundance of both air and light into.tlho carriage. No doubt the improvement will be gradually extended to all the carriages, since its utility is so obvious, The Collingwood election resulted in a victory for the " stonewallers" tlhe position of the candidates being-MIirams, 24419 ; Carter, 1289, Gaunsncm, 367. lMajority for Mliranus, 1163\. ,Mr. Gaunson forfeits his deposit of £50. The Assembly passed the estimates on Tuesday night. The usual discussion ensued on Baron Von MIueller's case, when Mir. Hanna referred to the Baron as an infernal ghost who oilght to be laid. The Baron he said had got £15,000 to spend on the Botanical gardens,and left them a wilderness. De Muraka a. Leonora., in" I1 Trovatore" on Wednesday night, created great excitement. it was a consumate piece of acting and sing ing, and tile largest house ever assembled in Victoria to see the opera, although the prices were doubled. Miss Winston, who astounded the audience of rendering the part of Aseu cena, was loudly cheered. An advertisement states that both Golds brough and Melbourne are to be offered for sale on Tuesday, 14th March at the Pastoral Hotel. H-ere will be a chance to inte;ding investors who want two good horses. By securing this pair it is within the limit of possibility to land the Sydney Gold Cup and the M1elbourne Cup next spring. The rush to Stoney Creek is assuming importance. Nine hundred men are at present on the ground. ''The gold that is hbeing got in several claims is of a coarse nature. Terbilcock and party paid £100 last night for the right to enter Moore's psaddock, and agreed to pay 5 per cent. on the go!d obtained. There is plenty of water available and at a cheap rate from Stewart's race. Two thou'and five hundrd ladies and gentlemen attended a liberal soire5 last night. iecrry made a strong oration. When tile " stonewallers"' were doing Ballarnat they went to the Bot:nic Gardens, arnd on seeing tile baloon gave in three cheers by wry of reference to IMr. M'Dermott, the Ministerial member for Ikallarat, who has been calle:d by them a "' gorilla" in Parliament. Good clean water for drinking purposes is getting scarce in some parts of Gcelong, owing to tile want of rain. The water fromr the reservoir is not fit to drink on account of its muddines.s, which was worse on Satur 'ay than for somle time past. It is rather a good time for tie brewers, as more beer is being consumned as water becomes more dilficult to obtamin. Through the kindness of neighbours having ample, supplies of clean water, the twants of many porsouir are satisfied; but tihero is a time when if the limits of kindness do not get exhausted, the supply in the accommodarting water tank and well will. The National Rleform League of Ballarat object to the Governor handing over petitions condemnatory of the Ministry, and praying for a dissolution to thie Ministry thetnselves, this beiing tanamnounut to ask a guilty man whether he would like to stand a trial anrd be punished or bh allowed to go free from all blaiune Accord. ingly at a meeting of the League, held on Friday evening, a resolution was carried 'That IBis Excellency in consulting his Minister. in matters in whieb they were dtrtutly interested had acted contrary to con stitutiotal usage.' A copy of this resolution was ordered to be sent to llis Excellency. A deputation, consisting of MIr. D) Brophy, the Mayer of .3allarat, Mr. Sergeant, Mr. Christieo, and several other gentlemen from tihe same place, waited on tlhe Minister of Mines. Thie deputation stated that they desired to ap ply for a lease of a large platleau of ,roundl whtich lay between Scebastonpol andt the Bumin yong estate* The grouudhad already been swamped out, and they intended forming a company with a capital of £10,000 for the purpose of pumping the ground, with the view of then letting it out to miners in the uisual way. Mr. M'Lellan advised tlhem to apply for a lease in the ordinary way, and stated that hIe would authorise the warden to hear objections against the application, after which tire Government would take the proposal urndler consideration, and see wlmat could be dlone in the matter. The deputation then thanked the Minister and withdrew. 