LOCAL NEWS. Insolvency Meeting.— A meeting I held on Thursday, before the Distriot ComrJ sionor, H. Scott, Esq., P.M., in tho ostatoi James Byan, jun., of Greta. Dobts wore pro* amounting to £49 0s. 2d. ; insolvent's schedt showed assets to the extent of £17, leaving a floienoy of £22 0s. 2d. . Sale, of Land at Wickham. important sale of land at Wickham, was by Mr. Frank Gardnor, anotionoor, on Tl day. Three allotments were disposed of £118 oaoh, and a fourth for £142. Two 1: lots were offered and withdrawn, the jj'.' bid not realising the sot price. u~--;j Sydney Punch.— This ',..( tfc tW-^ jester has produced another verswn'(l-: ? , Jj picture, the ' Cats-paw.' The monkey, \™ a pretty fair likeness to one of ; .,' prominent of our publio rnon, and jlvil '.« unlike the member' for Tass. Tu'/''. mattor is rather beyond the average* '.nii occasionally slumbers, to wako up rofrei rom his sleop, and this week it would seem ho hmawoko. - - - The Wheeler Oompany. — The :H toria Theatre will bo opened to-night by company under Mr. ? Wheeler's direction, iwi refer .our readers to tho published bVmi&f-i; account, of tho performance to bo r^.^JS thoir criticism. Heports speak hip' Jrm troupe, and wo have nqdoiibt tr? ? \S vrill find favour in tho opinion of'!,11/1 H portion of our population. : Tho i''4f — m only remain in Newcastle for six .-d'by ' m' are .advertised' after next Friday:./, 'jfflf 'aitlandand adjoining places, uiitiwi^flj FThe Weather.— On Thursday night ;l.e rain began to full, arid yesterday there was jgonoral down pouring of rather a heavy char ter. Tho Barometer stands high at present, p^ there is an appearance of. some dirty , wea led being about, andlikoly to last a few days, jv our .shipping report it will be seen' that oer iin outward bound coastors had to put back hrougU stress of weather. ... , ; ; 1 Catholic Bazaar at Wallsend.— loveral fresh additions have been mado to the rkiclos for distribution, and wo are assured that ho. stalls will when opened in September next, ie' with any display yot exhibited in Ndr huraberland. As a matter ot course, the mana ers hare a good deal of trouble thrown upon heir bands, but no public work can be oxecuted rithout somo bearing the burden that must of ecessity bo borne. Sale at Honeysuckle Point.— We all 'our readers attention to a sale of promises at lonoysucklo Point, belonging to Mrs. Laugkton, dvcrtised in another column, to bo undertaken y Messrs. Branker, Wolfe, and Badgery, on 10 22nd July. As premises in this rapidly ising locality are so very scarce, tho announce tent will, in all probobihty, arrest the attention ' those sooking purchases either for ocoupanoy )-Jitherwiso. . ' '? Macquarie Ward, -r- On Thursday lorning, his worship the Mayor, as Returning-' (Bter, at the Council Cbambors, Watt-street, glared tho stato of the poll officially. The -.iju'es wore, as reported in our issue of Thurs ?~_y ?. ' -r'.fl. B. Croploy ? 141 -.' HM^J.. Lentball ? 86 i^^^^V'or Mr. E. B. Cropley ... 65 wPB^|^'ori doolarod Mr. B. B. Oroploy July olectoa as an alderman for Macquano Jlard. Mr. Cropley, who was loudly callod jr, thanked ttie ratepayers for the honour that ad been conferred on him, and promised to do 11 he could to promote tho interests of the city i goneral, and of his ward in particular. Mr. lonthall also addressed those present, and con ratulated the ratepayers on haying returned, as heir alderman; one who could, and would do so mob. to promote the prosperity of tho Borough, tr; Lonthall contradicted n statement that ap eared, wherein he was stated to have charged io Mayor with having acted in a partial man en - On the motion of the snooeasful, secondod y the defeated candidate, a vote of thands was ccorded to' the Mayor, who duly responded, id the business of the elootion terminated. The Rev. Oharlea Olark.— This prince f lecturers proposes to delight the inhabitants f our city, and all those of the aurrovnding dia riet who will pour in, with three leeturea during ie forthcoming week. The first, on Monday ight, will be that favourite of The Tower of iondon. On Tuesday, Mr. Clarke will present 'haokeray, as a novelist lecturer and humorist ; nd we need not say, that bo brilliant a leoturer poii so brilliant a subject, must produce an in elleutual treat of the highest order. On Wed esday, Mr. Clarke will close his three nights' ojourn wUhShioJgraphio, description of Oliver Iromwell. It would ba superflous for us to do lore' than direct attention to tho advertisement ; he hold that Mr. Clarke has upon the publio re niring no heralding of any kind. The pro ramme affords a notice of the details ou which, i the course of lectures, the reverond gentleman ill deaoat, and whioh affords a sufficient indi ition that the most salient points in the biogra hies of -his heroes, and the history of the tower, ill be presented to the audience. Mr. Clarke particularly well assisted by a courteous and bligin'g advance agent, who prepares the path -r the arrival of the reverend gentleman and his lanager — Mr. Sinytho. Victoria Theatre : Performance in ID OP THB ' HOSPITAL FUNDS. — A U0U30 ensely packed in every part rewarded the ma tours who came forwardon behalf of tho hos ital on Thursday last. Wet as the evening irned out, tho inhabitants did not seem in the :aat discouraged, but braved the pelting rain to irsll the throng which, so soon as the doors posed, filled stalls, pit, and dress circle. Many ho thought it would be time enough to be in heir places when the curtain rose, had to remain tanding spectators of the entertainment, and loAe prisoners between others similarly situated. 'erhaps it is not right to critioise amateurs too losely, especially when engaged in a good cause, ut then, if amateurs aspire to public applause, nd request the coin of Her Majesty's subjects in eturn for their exertions, they place themselves i muoh within the pale of criticism as any other otora or actresses, who only do that regularly hich the others do occasionally. The enter ilnmont commenced with certain extracts from lamlet— the parts of the Prince of Denmark and ie Ghost being sustained by amateurs ; Horatio id Marcellus being supported by Messrs. lompson and Booth, of the stage. We are not ling to critioise the Hamlet narrowly, but we ink' the amateur succeeded bettor in the dry intenoes with which the scene ia studded, than the pathetic portions ; and we never before w Hamlet follow the Ghost with a sword ninlod to the ground, the usual plan being to reient the point at the spirit, or (and on this )intv there was muoh controvesy some time ici)!hnld it out at arm's length against Horatio id Marcellus,' to prevent their following' the rince in his exploring expedition. The Ghost as a good ghost while on the stage, but his deep sepuloheral tones,' when springing from ilow, were of a more earthly character than was ibessary, and marred an otherwise excellent irformanco. The professional gentlemen played th their acoustomed discrimination. Of the ncert which succeeded, we admired most the by amateur who sang ' Robin is so shy.' The ntleman who sang ' England, glorious land,' loie lower notes are exceedingly rioh, and who ideally had cultivated his talent for vocal exe tion somewhat assiduously ; and Mr. Watt, iose songB were highly characteristic The nil-known amateur who sang a couple of oomio onus, was one of the successes of the night, for hat gentleman aspired to no more than he. was ble to accomplish, and thus his aspirations were tnazingly successful. We must accord a few rords of praise to the ladies who accompanied ome of the songs, especially the lady who played he accompanimeut to the Irish comio song ; and ilso to Herr Beoker, for the care' and elegance pith which ho got through his role. The other iorformers, no doubt, did their best, and it must jav'e been gratifying to them to receive the tokens )f approbation ? whioh were bo freely bestowed. Hr. Hannell, at the termination of the ooncert, iVa low worda thanked the audiouce on the part '1 the amateurs and the Hospital Committee 1,-iHheir attendance, and passed a well-deserved [' ftogiam oh Mr.^John Bennett, for his liberality f-Yl '.ranting the free use of the theatre. The tiolter'1'2! far0° .°f the Virginian Mummy folr Lg^H-'ltd^fj^^idience screamed accordingly at rj^K-'fiy presented to them in a' highly amuse-. F'H'r.uner.' It ia indeed ? a great pleasure to | '^WPthegoneral succeas of so laudable an effort [S^BfWt of a few to assist that institution j^Hfel'V bo many clalmefon our sympathies and WBPp'-.ets j and Mr. Olarenoe Hannell ia. doderv'ing of all the praise which exertions of no Ordinary a nature should command, and whioh. |we feel assured, his fellow-oitizens, in common [with ourselves, will award. ''. 