ST. MICHAEL AND ST. GEORGE, j St GEORGB MACDONALD, LL.D. Chapter LII. — Thb Untoothsomb Plum. It was a starry night, with a threatening of moonrise, and Dorothy was anxious to reach the cottage before it grew lighter. But they must not get into the high road at any nearer point than the last practicable, for then they would be more likely to meet soldiers and Dick's feet to betray their approach. Over field after field, therefore, they kept on, as fast as Tom, now and then stopping to peer anxiously over the next fence or into a boundary ditch, could lead the way. At last they reached the place by the side of a bridge where Marquis led Richard off the road, and tnere tney scramoiea up. ' O Lord!' cried Tom, and waked a sentry dozing on the low parapet. ' Who goes there ? ' he cried, starting up and catching at his carbine, which leaned against the wall. 'Oh, master!' began Tom, in aToice of terrified appeal; but Dorothy interrupted him. ' I am an honest woman of the neighbourhood,' she said. ' An' thou wilt come home with me, I will afford thee a better bed than thou hast there, and also a better breakfast, I warrant thee, than thou had a supper.' ' That is, an* thou be one of the godly,' supple mented Tom. ' I thank thee, mistress,' returned the 6entinel, ' but not for the indulgence of carnal appetite will I forsake my post. Who is he goeth with thee !' ' A fellow whose wit is greater than his courage, and yet he goeth with many for a born foot A par lous c - ward he is, else might he now be fighting the Amalekites with the sword of the Lord and of Gideon. Yet in good sooth he serve th me well for the nonce.' The sentry glanced at Tout, but could see little of liiw except a long white oval, and Tom was now col lected enough to put in exercise his best wisdom, which consisted in holding his tongue. ' Answer me, then, mistress, how, being a godly woman, as I doubt not from thy speech thou art, thee rides thus late with none but a fool to keep thee com pany ? Knowest thou not that the country is full of soldiers, whereof some, though they be aU true hearted and right-minded men, would not mayhap carry themselves so civil to a woman as corporal Bearbanner ? And now, I bethink me, thou comest from the direction of Raglan !' Here he drew himself up, summoned a voice from his chest a story or two deeper, and asked in magis terial tone : ' Whence comest thou, woman? and on what busi ness gaddestthou so late ?' ' I come from visiting at a friend's house, and am now almost on my own farm,' answered Dorothy. Tne man turned to Tom, and Dorothy began to re gret she had brought him : he was trembling visibly, and his mouth was wide open with terror. ' See,' she said, ' how thy gruff voice terrifieth the innocent. If now he should fall in a fit thou wert to blame.' As she spoke she put her hand in her pocket, and taking from it her -untoothsome plum popped it into Tom's mouth. Instantly he began to make such strange uncouth noises that the sentinel thought he had indeed terrified him into a fit. ' I must get him straightway home. Good night, friend,' said Dorothy, and giving Dick the rein she was off like the wind, heedless of the shouts of the sentinel or the feeble cries of pursuing Tom, who, if he could not fight, could run. Following his mis- ? tress at great speed, he was instantly lost in the dark ness, and the sentinel, who had picketed his horse in a neighbouring field, sat down again on the parapet of the bridge, and began to examine all that Dorothy had said with a wondrous inclination to discover the strong points in it. Having galloped a little way Dorothy drew bridle and halted for Tom. As soon as he came up, she re leased him, and, telling him to lay hold of Dick's mane and run alongside, kept him at a fast trot all the way to his mother's house. The moon had risen before they reached it, and Dorothy, was therefore glad when she dismounted at the gate to think she need ride no farther. But while Tom went in to rouse his mother, she let Dick have a few bites of the grass before taking him into the kitchen — lest the Roundheads should find him. Tho next moment, however, out came Tom in terror, saying there was a man in his mother's closet, and he feared the Roundheads were in possession. ' Then take care of thyself, Tom,' said Dorothy, and, mounting instantly, she made Dick scramble up into the fields that lay between the cottage and her own house, and set off at full speed across the grass in the moonlight — an ethereal pleasure which not even an anxious secret could blast. Through a gap in the hedge she had just popped' into the second field, when she heard the click of a flint lock, and a voice she thought she knew ordering . her to stand: within a few yards of her was again a Roundhead soldier. If she rode away he would fire at her ; that mode of escape therefore she would keep for . a last chance. The moon by this time was throwing an unclouded light from more than half a disk upon the field. Keeping a sharp eye upon the man's movements, . she allowed him to come within a pace or two, but the moment he would have taken Dick by the bridle, she - was three or four yards away. 'Fright not my horse, friend,' she said. — 'But how !' she added, suddenly remembering him, 'is it' possible? Master Upstill! Gentlv, gently, little Dick ! Master Upstill is an old friend. — What ! hast thou too turned soldier ? Left thy last and lapstone, . and turned soldier, Master Upstill ?' ' I have left all and followed Him, mistress,' answered Upstill. ' Art sure he called thee, Master Upstill ?' ' I heard Him with my own ears.' ' Called thee to be a shedder of blood, Master - Upstill?' ' Called me to be a fisher of men, and thee I catch, . mistress — thus,' returned the man, stepping quickly forward and making another grasp at Dick s bridle. It was all Dorothy could do to keep herself from giving him a smart blow across the face with her whip, and riding off. But she gave Dick the cut in stead, and sent him yards away. 'Poor Dick! poor Dick!' she said, patting his neck ; ' be quiet ; Master Upstill will do thee no wrong. Be quiet, little man.' As she thus talked to her genet, Upstill again drew near, now more surly than at first.' 'Say what manner of woman art thou?' he de manded, with pompous anger. ' Whence comes thou, and whither does thee go ?' ' Home,' answered Dorothy. ' What place calls thee home ?' ' Why ! dott not know me, Master Upstill ? When I was a little one, thou didst make my shoes for me.' ' I trust it will be forgiven me, mistress. Truly I had ne'er made shoe for thee an' I had foreseen what thee would come to ? For I make no further doubt thou are a consorter with malignants, harlots* and Papists.' Again he clutched at her bridle, and this time, whether it was Dorothy or Dick's fault, with success. Dorothy dropped the bridle, put her hand in her pocket, struck Dick smartly with her whip, and as - he reared in consequenoe, drew it across Upstiil's eyes, and so found the chance of administering her bolus. It was thoroughly effective. The fellow left his ? hold of the bridle, and began a series of efforts to remove it, which rapidly grew wilder and wilder, until at last his gestures were those of a maniac. ' There !' she cried, as she bounded from him, . 'take thy first lesson in good manners. No one cast rid thee of that mouthful, which is as thy evil words returned to choke thee ! Thou hadst better keep me insight,' she added, as she gave Dick his head,. ' for no one else can free thee.' Upstill ceased his futile efforts, caught up his carbine, and fired — not without risk to Dorothy, for he was far too wrathful to take the aim that would, have ensured her safety. But she rode on unhurt,, meditating how to secure Upstill when she got him. « to Wyfern, whither she doubted not he would follow ? her. Her difficulties were not yet past, however, for just as she reached her own ground, she was once again met by the order to stand. This time it came in a voice which, notwithstanding the anxiety it brought with it, was almost as welcome as well- known, and yet made her tremble for the first time that night: it was the voice of Richard Hey wood. Dick also seemed to know it, for he stood without a hint from his mistress, while, through the last hedge that parted her from the little yet remaining of the property of her fathers, came the man she loved — an ? enemy between her and her own. The Marquis's request to be allowed to communi cate with the King had been an unfortunate one. It increased suspicion of all kinds, rendered the various reports of the landing of the Irish army under Lord Glamorgan more creditable, roused .the resolution to render all communication impossible, and led to the drawing of a cordon around the place that not a soul should pasp unquestioned. The measure would in 4eed have been unavailing had the garrison been as *ble *s -formerly to 'make Bailies; but ever since Colonel Morgan reoeived his - reinforcement, the iffCTiing troopers had been invariably met at but a few yards from home, and immediately driven in again by largely superior numbers. Still the -cordon required a good many more men. than the besieging party could well spare without too much ?weakening their positions, and they had therefore sought the 'aid ef all the gentlemen of Puritan politics in the vicinity, and of course that of My. Heywood. 'With the men ids father sent, Richard himself offered his services, in the hope that, at the coming fell of the stronghold, he might have a chance of being useful to Dorothy. They liad given the cordon a wide ex tension. in order that an issuing messenger might not perceive, his danger until he was too far from the castle to regain it, and they by capturing him might acquire information. Hence it came that posts could be assigned to Richard and his men within such a of Red ware as admitted of their being with their own people when off duty. Chapter LIU. — Faithitl Foes. \- Hearing Upstill's shot, and then Dick'Bhoo£s on the sward, Richard fortunately judged well and took the right direction, What was his astonishment and de light when, passing hurriedly through the hedge in the expectation of encountering a Cavalier, he saw Dorothy mounted on Dick ! What form but hers had been filling soul and brain when he was startled by the shot ! And there she was before him ! lie felt like one who knows the moon is weaving a dream in his brain. ??Dorothy,' he murmured tremblingly, and his voice sounded to him like that of some one speaking far away. He drew near, as one might approach a beloved ghost, anxious not to scare her. He laid his hand on Dick's neck, half fearful of finding him but a shadow. « Richard !'' said Dorothy, looking dswn on him benignant as Diana upon Endymion. Then suddenly, at her voice and the assurance of her bodily presence, a great wave from the ocean of duty broke thunderous en the shore of his conscious ness. 41 Dorothy, I am bound to question thee, ' he said : '- -whence comest thou ? and whither art thou bound?' ?' If I should refuse to answer thee, Richard ?' re turned Dorothy, with a smile, ' Then I must take thee to head-quarters. And | bethink thee, Dorothy, how that would cut me to the heart.' The moon shone full upon his face, and Dorothy saw the end of a great scar that came from under his hat down on his forehead. 'Then I will answer thee, Richard,' she said, with a strange trembling in her voice. ' ? I come from Raglan.' ' And whither art going, Dorothy ?' ' To Wyfern.' ' On what business ?' , ' Were it then so wonderful, Richard, if I should desire to be at home, seeing Wyfern is now safer than Raglqn ? It was for safety I went thither, thou knowest.' ?? It might not be wonderful in another, Dorothy, but in thee it were truly wonderful ; for now are they of Raglan thy friends, and thou art a brave woman, and lovest thy friends, I would not believe it of thee, even from the mouth of thy mother. Confess — thou bearest about thee that thou wouldst not willingly show me,' Dorothy, as if in embarrassment, drew from, her pocket her handkerchief, and with it a comb, which fell on the ground. ' Prithee, Richard, pick me up my comb,' she * said; then, answerin ghis question, continued, ' — No, I have nothing about me I would not show thee, Richard : wilt thou take my word for it ?' When she had spoken, she held out her hand, and receiving from him the comb, replaced it in her Socket ~ But a keen pang of remorse went through er heart. ' I am a man under authority,' said Richard, ' and my orders will not allow me. Besides thou knowest, Dorothy, although it involves such ques tions in casuistry as I cannot meet, men say thou art not bound to tell the truth to thine eiiemy.' ' An' thou be mine enemy, Richard, then must thou satisfy thyself,' said Dorothy, trying to speak in a tone of offence. But while she sat there looking at Mm, it seemed as if her heart were floating .on the top of a great wave out somewhere in the moonlight. Yet the conscience-dog was awake in his kennel. Richard stood for a moment in silent perplexity. 'Wilt thou swear to me, Dorothy,' he said at length, ' that thou hast no papers about thee, neither art the bearer of news or request or sign to any of the King's party ?' 'Richard,' returned Dorothy, 'thou hast thyself taken from my words the credit : I say to thee again, satisfy thyself.' ' Dorothy, what am I to do ?' he cried. ' Thy auty, Richard,' she answered. ' My duty is to search thee,' he said. Dorothy was silent. Her heart was beating terribly, but she would see the end of the path she had taken, ere she would think of turning. And she t could trust Richard. Would she then have him fail of his duty ? Would she have the straightgoing Richard swerve ? Even in the face of her maidenly fears, she would en oo outer anything rather than Richard should for her sake be false. But Richard would not turn aside. Neither would he shame her. He would find some way. 'Do then thy duty, Richard,' Bhe said, aud, sliding from her saddle, she stood before him, one hand grasping Dick's mane. There was no defiance in her tone. She was but submitting, assured of deliverance. What was Richard to do ? Never man was more perplexed. He dared not let her pass. He dared no more touch her than if she had been Luna herself standing there. He would not had he dared, and yet he must. She was silent, seemed to herself cruel, and began bitterly to accuse herself! She saw his hazel eyes slowly darken, then begin to glitter — was it with gathering tears ? The glitter grew and over flowed. The man was weeping. The tenderness of their common childhood rushed back upon her in a gTeat wave out of the past, ran into the rising billow of present passion, and swelled it up till it towered ana broke ; she threw her arm round his neck and kissed him. He stood in a dumb ecstasy. Then ' terror lest he should think she was tempting him to brave his conscience overpowered her. 'Richard, do thy duty. Regard not me,' she cried in anguish. Richard gave a strange laugh as he answered— ' There was a time when I had doubted the sun in heaven as soon as thy word, Dorothy. This is surely an evil time. Tell me, yea or no, hast thou missives to the King or any of his people? Palter not with me.' But such an appeal was what Dorothy would least 'willingly encounter. The necessity yet difficulty of escaping it stimulated the wits that had been over clouded by feeling. A light 'appeared. She broke into a real merry laugh. ' What a pair of fools we are, Richard !' she said. 'Is there never an honest woman of thy persuasion near — one who would show me no favour? Let such an one search me, and tell thee the truth.' 'Doubtless,' answered Richard, laughing very .differently now at his stupidity, yet immediately com imitting a blunder : ' there is Mother Rees !' ' Why what a baby art thou, Richard!' rejoined 'Dorothy. ' She is as good a friend of mine as of thine, and would doubtless favour the wiles of a woman.' ' True, true ! Thou wast always the keener of wit, Dorothy — as becemeth a woman. What say'st thou then to Dame Upstill? She is even now at the farm there-, whence she watchfs over her husband while he watches over Raglan. Will she answer thy turn ?' ' She will,' replied Dorothy. ' And that she may show me no favour, here comes her husband, who shall bear a witness against me shall raise in her all the malice of vengeance for her injured spouse, whom for his evil language, as thou shalt see, I have so silenced as neither thou nor any man can restore him to speech.' While 6he spoke, Upstill, who had followed his enemy as the sole hope of deliverance, drew near, in such plight as the dignity of narrative refuses to de scribe. 'Upstill,' said Richard, 'what meaneth this? Wherefore hast thou left thy post ? And, above all, wherefore hast thou permitted this lady to pass un questioned?' Sounds of gurgle and strangulation, with other cog nate noises, was all Upstill's response. ' Indeed, Mr. Hey wood,' said Dorothy, 'he was so far from neglecting his duty and allowing me to pass unquestioned, that he insulted me grievously, averring that I consorted with malignant rogues, and Papists, and worse — the which drove me to punish him as thou seest.' ' Cast-down Upstill, thou hast shamed thy regi ment, carrying thyself thus to a gentlewoman,' said Richard. ' Then he fired his carbine after me,' said Dorothy. 'That may have been but his duty,' returned Richard. ?' And, worst of all,' continued Dorothy, ' he said that, had he known what I should grow to, he would never have made shoes for me when I was an infant. Think on that, Master Heywood 1' ' Ask tlie lady to pardon thee, Upstill. I can do nothing for thee, ' ' said Richard. Upstill would have knelt, in lack of other mode of petition strong enough to express the fervour of his desires for release, but Dorothy was content to see him punished and would not see him degraded. ' Nay, Master Upstill,' she said, ' I desire not that thou shouldst take the measure of my foot to-night. Prithee, Master Heywood, wilt thou venture thy fingers in the godly man's mouth for me ? Here is the key of the toy, a Bucket which will pass neither teeth nor throat. I warrant thee it were no evil thing for many a married woman to possess. I will give it thee when thou marriest, Master Heywood, though, good sooth, it were hardly fair to my kind ! ' So saying, she took a ring from her finger, Taised from it a key, and directed Richard how to find its hole in the plum. ' ' There ! Follow us now to the farm, and find thy wife, for we need her aid,' said Richard, as he drew by the key the little steel instrument from Upstill's month, and restored him to the general body of the articulate. Thereupon he took Dick by the bridle, and 'Dorothy and he walked Bide by side, , as if they had been still boy and girl as of old — for of old it already seemed. As they went, Richard washed both plum and ring in the dewy grass, and restored them, putting the ring upon her finger. 'With better light I will one day show thee how the thing worketh,' she said, thanking him. ' Hold ing it thus by the ends, thou seest, it will bear to be pressed; but remove thy finger and thumb, and straight upon a touch it shootetli its 6tings in all di rections. And yet another day, when these troubles are over, and honest folk need no longer fight each other, I will give it thee, Richard.' ' Would that day were here, Dorothy ! But what can honest people do, while St. George and St. Michael are themselves at odds ?' ' Mayhap it but seemeth so, and they but dispute across the yule-log,' said Dorothy; ' and men down here, like the dogs about the fire, take it up, and fall a worrying each other. But the end will crown all.' 'Discrown some, I fear,' said Richard to himself. As they reached the farmhouse, it 'was' growing light. Upstill fetched his dame from her bed in the hayloft, and Richard told her, in formal and authori tative manner, what he required of her. ?' I will search her !' answered the dame from be tween her closed teeth. ' Mistress Yaughan,' said Richard, 'if she offer thee evil words, give her the same lessonthou gavest her husband. If all tales be true, she is not beyond the need of it. — Search her well, Mistress Upstill, but Bhowherno rudeness, for she hath the power to avenge it in a parlous manner, having gone to school to my Lord Herbert of Raglan. Not the less must thou search her well, else will I look upon thee as no better than one of the malignants.' The woman cast a glance of something very like hate, but mingled with fear, upon Dorothy. ' I like not the business, Captain Heywood,' she said. ' Yet the business must be done, Mistress Upstill. And heark'ee, for every paper thou findest upon her, I will give thee its weight in gold. I eare not what it is. Bring it hither, and the dame's butter-scales withal.' ' I warrant thee, captain !' she returned. ' — Come with me, mistress, and show what thou hast about thee. But, good sooth, I would the sun were up !' She led the way to the rick-yard, and round to wards the sunrise. It was the month of August, and several new ricks already stood facing the east, yel low, and beginning to glow like a second dawn. Between the two, Mistress Upstill began her search, Which she made more ' thorough than agreeable. Dorothy submitted without complaint. At last, as she was giving up the quest in despair, her eyes or fingers discovered a little opening inside the prisoner's bodice, and there sure enough was a pocket, and in the pocket a slip of paper ! She drew it out in triumph. 'That is nothing,' said Dorothy; 'give it me.' And with flushed face she made a snatch at it. ' Holy Mary !' cried Dame Upstill, whose Protest antism was of doubtful date, and thrust the paper into her own bosom. ' That paper hath nothing to do with State affairs, I protest,' expostulated l)orothy. ' I will give thee ten times its weight in gold for it.' But Mistress Upstill had other passions besides avarice, and was not greatly tempted by the offer. She took Dorothy by the arm and said — ' An' thou come not quickly, I will cry that all the parish shall hear me.' 'I tell thee, Mistress Upstill, on the oath of a Christian woman, it is but a private letter of mine ' own, and beareth nothing upon affairs. Prithee, read j a word or two, and satisfy thyself.' ' Nay, Mistress, ? truly I will pry into nd fcecrets1 that belong not to me,' said her searcher, who could read no word of writing or print other. ' This paper is no longer thine, and mine it never was. It belong eth to the High Court of Parliament, and goeth straight to Captain Heywood — whom I will inform cencerning the bribe wherewith thou didst seek to corrupt the conscience of a godly woman.' Dorothy 6aw there was no help, and yielded to the grasp of the dame, who led her like a culprit, with burning cheek, back to her judge. When Richard saw them his heart sank within him ' What hast thou found r' he asked gruffly. ' I have found that which young mistress here would have had me cover with a bribe of ten times that your honour promised me for it,' answered the woman. ' She had it in her bosom, hid in a pocket little bigger than a crown-piece, inside her bodice.' ' Ha, Mistress Dorothy, is this true?' asked Richard, turning on her a face of distress. ' It is true,' answered Dorothy, with downcast eyes — far more ashamed, however, of that which had not been discovered, and which might have justified Richard's look, than of that which he now held in his hand. ' Prithee,' she added, ' do not read it till I am gone.' ' That may hardly be,' returned Richard, almost sullenly. ' Upon this paper it may depend whether thou go at all.' ' ' Believe me, Richard, it hath no importance,' she said, and her blushes deepened. 'I would thou would' st believe me.' But as she said it, her conscience smote her. Richard returned no answer, neither did he open the paper, but stood with his eyes fixed on the ground. Dorothy meantime strove to quiet her conscience, saying to herself : 'It matters not : I must mary him one day — an' he will now have me. Hath not the woman told him where the silly paper was hid ? And when I am married to him, then will I tell him all, and doubtless he will forgive me. Nay, nay, I must tell him first, for he might not then wish to have me. Lord J Lord I what a time of lying it is ! Sure for myself I am no better than one of the wicked ! ' But now Richard, slowly, reluctantly, with eyes averted, opened the paper, stood for an instant motion less, then suddenly raised it, and looked at it. His face changed at once from midnight to morning, and the sunrise was red. He put the paper to his lips, and thrust it inside his doublet. It was his own letter to her by Marquis ! She had not thought to remove it from the place where she had carried it ever since receiving it. ' And now, Master Heywood, I may go where I . will ?' said Dorothy, venturing a half-roguish, but wholly shamefaced glance at him. But Dame Upstili was looking on, and Richard therefore brought as much of the midnight as would obey orders back over bis countenance as he an swered — 'Nay, mistress. An' we had found aught upon thee of greater consequence it might have made a question. But this hardly accounts for thy mission. Doubtless thou bearest thy message in thy mind.' ' What ! thou -wilt not let me go to Wyfern, to my own house, Master Heywood ?' said Dorothy in atone of disappointment, for her heart now at length began to fail her. ' Not until Raglan is ours,' answered Richard. ' Then shalt thou go where thou wilt. And go where thou wilt, there 'will I follow thee, Dorothy.' From thelast clause of this speech he diverted Mrs. Upstill's attention by throwing her a gold noble, an indignity which the woman rightly resented — but Btooped for the 'money ! ' Go, tell thy husband that I wait him here,' he said. ' Thou shalt follow me nowhitlier,' said Dorothy, angrily. ' Wherefore should not I go to Wyfern and there abide ? Thou canst there watch her whom thou trustest not.' ' Who can tell what manner of person might not : creep to Wyfern, to whom there might messages be ! given, or whom thou mighte6t send, eredenced by secret word or sign ?' 'Whither, than, am I to go :' asked Dorothy, with dignity. 'Alas,. Dorothy!' answered Richard, 'there is no help : I must take thee to Raglan. But comfort thyself — soon shalt thou go where thou wilt.' Dorothy marvelled at her own resignation the while 6he rode with Richard back to the castle. Her scheme was a failure, but through no fault, and she could bear anything with composure except blame. A word from Richard to Colonel Morgan was suf ficient. A messenger with a fiag of truce was sent instantly to the castle, and the firing on both sides ceased. The messenger returned, the gate was opened and Dorothy re-entered, defeated, but bringing her se crets back with her. 'Tit for tat,' said the Marquis when she had recounted her adventures. ' Thou and the Round head are well matched. There is no avoiding of it, cousin. It is your fate as clear as if your two horo scopes had run into one. Mind thee, hearts are older than crowns, and love outlives all but leasing.' ' All but leasing !' repeated Dorothy to herself, and the hut was bitter. Peaxct Oil. — The rapid extension of the cultivation of peanuts in the American States of North Carolina, Vir ginia, Teneesee, Georgia, and South CaroHna is due to the use now made of them for the oil they contain. According to official agricultural reports, previous to the year I860, the whole crop aggregated only 150,000 bushels per annum, grown principally in North Carolina; last season's product reached two million bushels, valued at £600,000. As an article of food they are valuable, but in a commercial point of view the oil is' of much more importance than the nuts themselves. This oil is in laTge demand, and answers for many purposes as a substitute for olive and almond oils; it keeps a long time without becoming rancid. The amount of oil contained in the nut varies according to latitude and other favourable con ditions and circumstances, and is proportionately large. All the oil comes from the ' meat,' the husk being of no value. The oil is extracted by pressure, and the pressed cake is used both as food for cattle and manure. The French colony of Algiers also supplies the port of Marseilles with large quantities of these nuts, from which the oil is expressed, and destined, we are permitted to imagine, to augment the supply of me olive oil, for which that city is so great a market. The production of peanut oil in the United States dates back to the war, when it was used to a large extent for table purposes in the South, olive oil being almost unobtainable; it was also used quite generally at that time as a substitute for lard.^ The cake residuum was made serviceable also ; after being roasted and ground it 'was UBed in place of coffee and chocolate, making a tolerable if not a desirable beverage. Monster Trees. — It is reported from California that a large piece of one of the Tulare county trees will be exhi bited at the coming centennial. The piece of timber se lected will be 16 feet long, and 21 feet in diameter at one end and 19 feet at the other. The heart of this will be taken out, leaving only 1 foot of the body of the tree at tached to the shell or bark. This outside Midi will then be divided into eight equal parts, each of which will weigh 4000 lbs. without the bark. It is neoessaiy to divide it into this number of parts in order to allow it to pass through the numerous tunnels on the road between Cali fornia and the east The eight parts will weigh 30,000 lbs., and require two cars for tzansportatiou. 