MISCELLANEOUS. Monastic Institutions. — Further papers respecting the laws, ordinances, and regulations relating to monastic and conventual institutions in various foreign countries (in continuation of those issued last year) have been presented to Parliament. A further circular having been is- sued by Lord Derby to her Majesty's represen tatives abroad, on the 18th August last, replies were received from Austria, Bavaria, Belgium, Brazil, France, Germany, Russia, Saxony, Sweden, Norway, and W urtemburg, stating that no further laws or regulations on the subject had been adopted in those States. In the Grand Duchy of Hesse, however, a new law was pro mulgated in April last, declaring that new estab lishments or institutions of religious orders or similar associations were hot allowed in the Grand Duchy ; that existing establishments orin- stitutions of this kind could not receive new members. Female religious orders or similar associations which were devoted to educational purposes, and kept private schools, could, how ever, be empowered by the Home Office to re ceive new members, in so far as it might be necessary in order to keep the staff of their teachers up to its present force. Female reli gious orders or similar associations exclusively devoted to the tending of the sick could he authorised by the Home Office, not only to re ceive new members, but also to create new establishments, if the existing civil institutions did not suffice for the requirements .of the service of the sick. The existing establishment of reli gious or similar associations were placed under the supervision of the State. Existing estab lishments of religious orders or similar associa- | tions could be dissolved and closed on motion of the Home Office by a resolution of the Council of. Ministers, for reasons of public welfare, or for disobedience to the law or the orders issued by the authorities. From Italy Sir A. Paget reported that all monastic and conventual insti tutions were suppressed in the kingdom of Italy by the law of July 7th, 1866. Mr. Corbett for warded from Gnadenthal and Hermetschwyl, in the Canton of Aargau, of November 20, iS74; the Legislative Decree of August 20, 1874, with justificatory reports, suppressing iu the Cauton of Geneva those religious corporations the estab lishment of Which had been authorised for 10 years by the Legislative Decree of June- 29, 1872; and the Geneveae Law of August 20th, 1875, on religious observances in the public streets, and tne Legislative Decree suppressing the corporation called the Corporation of . the Faithful Female Companions of Jesus, estab lished at Carouge. A Mixed Marriage. — The wedding at Rome of Miss Patricia Macole Ramsay, daughter of the late Major- General Ramsay, C.B., and niece of the Earl of Dalhousie, to Alfred Seitenitz, honorary aide-de-camp to the King of Italy, is considered to have some importance attached to it on account of the bride being a member of the Church of England, while the bridegroom is a member of the Church of Rome, and also in consequence of the ciscumstances attendant upon the ceremonial. It is stated that no dis pensation had been sought from the Pope. At the religious service, which was solemnised after the civil rite had been performed, the Roman Catholic guests present considerably outnum bered those who were members of the Church of England. The full significance of an event of that kind must be better appreciated at Rome than elsewhere. At the wedding broakfast, which is likely also to have been largely attended by Roman Catholic guests, the Bishop of Gib raltar is reported to have commended the firm ness and lovaltv to her Church which the bride had shown. - -Buckingham Express. Superstition in France. — A fortune- telling case, showing the enlightenment of the nine teenth century in this privileged land of univer sal suffrage, has come before the Tribunal of Etienne. The prisoners were a couple of widows, and their dupes appear to have been persons of all ages and positions. The price the sorcerers demanded for their charms ranged from five to fifty francs. One young lady, "possessed with the devil," had paid a small fortune to get cured, but in vain. Another dupe, however, was more fortunate. He said that while at work, his hammer suddenly " stopped in the air." His friends told him he was "possessed," and he forthwith repaired to the fortune teller. Here he was ordered to buy a sheep's heart, to stick it with pins, boil it, and then bury it in the cemetery. " And did you do so ?" inquired the judge. Of course I did," was the reply. " And were you cured ?" The blacksmith made the same reply with child-like simplicity. " And what did you pay for the charm ?" The blacksmith with joyful eagerness, "Only thirty-five francs." The witness appeared' shocked with the incredulity of the Court, and was quite surprised to find his fortune-teller sentenced to six months' im prisonment. Pius IX., whom Bishop Olinda blasphe mously eulogised as "an Abraham in his patri archate, a Melchisedek in his priesthood, an Aaron in his dignity, a Moses in his authority, a Samuel in his judgeship, a Peter iu his might, an i lastly Christ in his consecration by tlie Holy Ghost," has been compelled, it seems, to listen to a little of that wholesome truth, as to accomplished facts, which those who surround him ordinarily encourage him in ignoring. Chatting in a kindly way with a little girl, who accompanied some ladies to one of his receptions, and hearing from her that she went to school, and had learnt geography, he unfortunately ventured upon the question, ' ' Can you tell me what Rome is 2" " Why, it's the Capital of Italy," was the ingenuous reply. "No, my little dear," was the Pontiff's answer, " your school- tmsfcrpan hna ftinrrlif. con ho /1 1 tt "i? nm a -la fh a capital of the Catholic world."- — Southern Cross. . . Dr. Harold Browne and" the'; Word ' ' Protestant. " — The Bishop of Winchester :in his recent pastoral expresses himself strongly against the use of the term " Protestant " as applied to the Church of England or to her members, and he even goes so far as to make the extraordinary assertion that in this country the Romanists are the real Protestants ! We need hardly say that such a sentiment exhibits on the part of the Bishop a most deplorable ignorance of the history and laws of his country. To prove this it may suffice to make a single quota tion from the law upon this subject. By the 29th Charles II., chap. 9, the writ de hceretico comburendo Act (sec. 2) it was expressly pro vided that nothing in this Act shall extend to take away or abridge the jurisdiction of Pro testant archbishops or bishops, or other judges of any ecclesiastical Courts, " in cases of heresy, but that they may proceed to punish the same- according to_ his Majesty's ecclesiastical laws, by ecclesiastical censures." As this statute is still in force, our Bishop will at once come under- its operation, for as he repudiates the the title of Protestant ho must needs be accounted a. heretic, and so be amenable to ecclesiastical censure.; We are not sure that deprivation would not be the best form which his punish.- ment could take. The Popes tribute of Peter's pence is esti mated at the enormous sum of £360,000 annu ally from France alone. : ; ; 1 