OTHER SCONü MATTERS, Soono is not a' Municipality, and is depon* dent thoreforo upon local 'subscriptions or Go* vernment aid for tho work that, in Borough towns, is done by the Borough Council. And although suoh Councils do not effeot all tho good in thoir power, tho worst governed incor- porated town is bettor to livo in than the bost town whioh doponds upon the meagre doles of tho Government bounty. -Tho advantages of Municipalities are bost seen by obsorving tho stato of things whore thoy aro not. Soono is an instance of negleot. Guornsoy- strcot, a fino thoroughfare, in which the Post offioo and telegraph offioo/such as thoy are, aro situ- ate, is in wot weather a bog for a groat part of it. It has boen partially stonod and gravollod by privato individual enterprise, but the com- pletion of the work would bo too costly for tho people without soino assistance, and application is to be ti> ade to tho Government for a sin ill grant. Thoro is every reason wby this applica- tion Bhould bo oomplied with. i TUE X'UBLIO SCHOOL A very ' nioo building, for a publio soliool, is nearly finished. It ¡B an oxcollent sam plo of those modern sohool buildings, whioh, thanks to tho Publio Schools Aot and the liberality of Parliament, oooupy a prominont position in so many of our oountry towns Formerly the oourt-houso and tho lookup were tho principal public structuras in many sottlo monte ; and it is a healthy sign of progress in intolligonoo and civilization, when their placo of prido is oontcstod by tho schoolroom or the mechanics' institute Tho oountry that pos soases, in cvory principal town and villago, a specimen of the trim, neat sohool building whioh the Counoil ercocB whon tho importance of tho locality and the funds availublo domand it, is in a fair way of advanoomont i Tho Soono Publio Sohool fronts Livorpool-streot; it is built upon a square allotment of two áoros in extont-a noblo play-ground;-and it has accommodation for ono hundred and'eighty children. That is rather moro than largo enough for the prosont demand; but tho attendance will, it is hoped, soon incroaso, AB WO bolievo, tho establishment of the school is an instance of the operation of killing-out a thriving denominational sohool, to tho boOoûtofthe ohildron of the town, the dis- tinction in tho caso being that the former sup- porters of the denominational sohool aro willing, in the'presonco of publio necessities, that it should givo up the ghost Tho publio sohool and the Ohuroh of England sohool raight'oo-ox ist, but thoy would compote too olnsoly, and the Church of England Sohool would bo cheer- fully givon up, in ordor that the touching powor may bo strongthonodand consolidated. The preient condition of tho building is this : Tho sohool room is finishod, and has> the aoats, furniture, and apparatus, all ready for opening. The master's boneo is well advanood towards oomplotioh, and a woll is being sunk on tho promises for tho uso of ' tho ohildren and the master. There aro only throe living'rooms in the master's house, a defoot whioh might have been ourod if there were a soparato kitohon built. It is rather too bad, on many grounds, that' the kitchen of a school master should losBen his house room, by taking up one apartment altogether, and tho cost of building a separate kitchen would have boon trifling The wholo building, whioh is of briok, roofod with shingles, is orodit ablo to tho oontraotor, Mr. John Hudson, of Soono. Tho briok work is specially well dono. We have mentioned the fine playground ; it might bo indoh improved, at small expense, if shado trees wero plantod round tho sides Trees aro in any caso objoots of boauty, and thoy would, in this instance, combino uso with ornament, for thore is no sholtor from the hoot of the sun oxoopt tho building itsolf, in tho wholo area. Tho pooplo of Soono havo, With praisoworthy astutonosB, osaapod tho pay mont of the ono third ooutribution formerly required by tbo Council as a oondition of tho ereotion of a Publio Sohool (or thoy hopo to esoapo it) ; bub thoy have paid for tho sito It would not bo a great drain upon their rosouroes to undertake tho plantation wo havo suggested ; and in a few years, tho outlay would produce incomparable boncfits. Wo woro not àblo to ascertain when tho sohool would bo opened for business It is ex riootcd that Mr. Roborts, the present toaohcr of the Church of England Sohool, will bo trans- lated (o tho larger establishment. Hoisdosoribed as an oxcollonttoaoher and a good disciplinarían Tho obaraotcr of his ralo may be gathorcd from the portraiture of a young gentleman, whoso opinion was that though Mr. Roborts was sharp, ho was always sharp-uniformly striot, so that you knew the ground yon stood upon with him, and sought always to koep up to the mark Yon woro never indnood to be lax in study in tho hope that the master would haye a oareloss fit. That docs strike us as very oxoollont, tíoaltby, and bénéficiai 'discipline, and we oah understand tho doBire of'the Soono people to haye Mr. Roberts' sorvioos over a larger area of educational ground. THE Í08T OFFIOE AND THE TELEGRAPH OFFICE The proceedings of the meeting roportod abo vo, will give a good idea of the troubles under which Scone labours inrospeotiof post offioe and telegraph pffiooaocommodation. Mr. Ieaao's rela- tion of his woes ia fully warranted. For'many yeara bo has worked for the people, in a caboose ni no foot long by fivo foot wide, reduoed to a working space of three by four by the ereotion of tho ncoossory tables; and although he put up I this accommodation at his own oxponBO, ho has novor reooivod a penny of rout for the nee of tho. promises. The telegraph .offioo, formerly under his oontrol, was nooossarily removed when Soono was put upon tho main tolograph lino, and room wns tvantcd for the largo apparatus. At the prusout niomont tho post offioo work is oonduotod in a building belong» ing to Mr. Isaao, adjoining his tstore, into whioh liohas moved it ; mid in addition to being commodious, the new offioo is arranged so as to prevent tho ontrauoe of tho unauthorised publie, who could not bo oxoludod from tho old office. Thore is ample room too, for the busiuoss of tho tolograph'office, to be kept separately from tho lettor department, while it would be easily acoossiblo to persons who wanted to aot promptly by tolograph, after having re oeivod a lottor. Wo oannot oouooivo tna« the Government will refuse tho prayer of tho petition sont as the roault of the meeting; but in the meantime .thoBo premise« of Mr, Iasao might bo used, ', The Government has an allotment at tho oornor of Guernsey and St Aubih's street, QIOBO to the proàoht post offioe, availablo for a now post offioo building; but some objootion has been made to it, as boingout of tho way of thó principal busliloàB hpÙàeB. This allotment has the advantage of boing oloso to tho railway station, howevor. >.' -8CONB nosirrar/.- ~"~ Ono of the oloanost and best' vontilatod of oountry hospitals is to be found in Soone. It is built of briok, and stands out of, tho town, on a sloping Bite that forbids any reten- tion of moisture. It is amply vontilatod by moans of roof vontilators, and a sorios of flue« in the walls, whioh admit pure air, and'also afford oponings for tho escape of tho foul air. Tho sick ward oan accommodate six pat ion ta, but at proaont has only ono, and the bonevolont ward-tho institution boing an asylum for tho infirm and agod as woll as a hospital-six, and it has four inmates. Thero aro two womon's wards« capablo of accommodating throo altogether. ' Ali the wards aro oheoiful airy apartmonts, and tho whole institution it in an admirable stato, refloating oredit upon the wardor and matron, Mr. and Mrs. Vincent. Tho com- mittee aro well in funds, having £241 at their disposul on tho 81st Dooouiber of lost yoar. Tho building is out of debt. At the building of tho institution, a vory 'material want wa« overlooked-that of a bath room-and we have no doubt tho oommittoo will supply the want out of tlioir funds in hand. It would bo an im'provetnont, too, if thero wore an ornamental fonco orootod in front of the building, to romovo its proscnt appoaranoo of baroness ; and a fow troos would not bo a bad addition, eithor. 