DICKENS FROM THE SPHERES. At the Alfred Hall Assembly-room 011 Wednes day evening (says tho Ballurat Star), Mr Sim-tell, lecturer on Spiritism, delivered a discourse, pur porting to be directly communicated by the spirit of Charles Dickens to the lecturer. Tho atten dance was very small, but in spite of this, shortly after eight o'clock, Mr Martell mounted the plat form. Ho stid that some months ago the spirit of Charles Dickens had appeared to him, and pro - miseil to deiiver, through him, a series of lectures on critiques upon his own works. This promise bad been recently fulfilled, and the lecture he would read was, and must he taken as, the words of Dickens, who would be represented by him. The "spirit," asking for a gracious hearing, stated that in life he had looked upon the return of dis iinbodied spirits to earth as very improbable, though not impossible. Experience had taught him differently, that the heavy gateB that opened to receive the soul did not shut closely behind it, and that some sou's were allowed to resume works for the benefit of mankind which might hare en gaged iheir attention during mortal life. That the spirit nature was not immciiately changed after death was shown by the fact that he held many of his wayward fancies still, though some times reproved by his wiser friends. Seeing, however, more clearly now how great a work ie mained to bo done on earth in inculcating Christian and brotherly love for each other among rn.n, he had been allowed to borrow the form of a friondly mortal, to endeavor, by doing some part of this work, to tit himself for a higher sphere in spirit life. In his present sphere he was surrounded by ma' y old friends-Leech, Jeirold, and Hook were with him. Marryatt, whose earnest labors ho noiv appreciated, and Thackcray, the depth of whoso satire had been concealed from him formerly by its simplicity, were with himself as ready to assist iu relieving human suffering as when, in life, tiicy chafed, wrote, and sympathised with it. In future leoturce ho would lift the veil of spiritland, and let mortals have glimpses of the mysteries of tho future, but now he ltust deal with reminiscences of the past. It was a weakness of authors to have favorites among their own work3, a'd some of- his own favoiites wero the " Christmas books." Iu the story of Scroogo and Mar'ey we now rccogniscd bow near what he thon thought merely ft vagrant fancy was to tho truth. The lecturer then read, with very good elocutionary e fleet, the scene in Scrooge's bedroom on Christmas Eve, between the dead hearted old bacholor and tho ghost of his former partner. Kesuming as the sp rit of Dickens, tho Icc'urer went on to state that in spirit land Dickens loved to ponder upon such revelations of human mt"ro as were given by Scrooge, and con tended that most works of genius were inspired by spirits. These spirits were content to mako mortals instruments to carry out their ideas and wishes for tho welfare of other mor tals, since by these good deeds they them selves atoned in some measure for their omissions during Bfe. Tho lecturer, or spirit, by extracts irom the tale of Scrooge and Marley, showed how sympathy with otherB and practical expressions of this sympathy, brought their own roward in happi ness and human love. The tone of the lecture was veiy much in the style of Dickens' writing-so like, in fact, that s veral times we noticed short sen tences and paragraphs from his novels and sketches At its conclusion Mr Martell announced that Dickens had promised to commnnicate to him in a few weeks a lecture on the "Foibles of Pick wick," which would afterwards be delivorod pub licly. The spirit had also spoken of an Australian novel, but nothing definite was stated thercancnti THE WBECK OF THE OTAUO.-By the steamer Alhambra, which came in ou Wednesday from New Zealand, the officers and crew of the ill fated steamer Otago arrived. Captain Calder remained with the wreck, but will return to Melbourne (says the Age) by the Arawata. On the Alhambra reaching Uobsou's Bay she was boarded by two or three detectives, consequent on the report of a quantity of jewellery and other valuables having been stolen from some of. the passengers' luggage while being transferred from the wreck to the shore ; but they failed to discover anything o£ a suspicious character. The captain reports how, at half-past "2 in the morning, the ship went ashore at the place known as Chasland's Mistake ; she struck with an awful crash ; the weather at the time was very thick. The boats were promptly lowered and the ladies and children placed in them : afterwards the male passengers found placos in the boats. By that time the fires in the steam ship were extinguished by the influx of water, the steamer continuing to bump heavily ; eventu ally the water rose up to the saloon deck, and all hope of saving the vessel was at an end. About six a.m. the captain and remainder of the crew left the vessel. The passengers had in the meantime landed safely, though there was a heavy swell on, and the boats had to go through the surf about a mile from the ship to the shore. Tents were rigged up and the people made as comfortable as circumstauces permitted. The following day, about 6 o'clock in the evening, a small steamer with the relief boat in tow anc hored near them and embarked all the pas sengers aud some of the crew, the captain of the Otago, his officers and crew, remaining to look after the wrecked vessel. SUSPECTED INCENDIARISM.-A fire broke out on Tuesday (says the Ballarat Courier), between nine and ten o'clock, in a stable, the property of Mr. Dobson, landlord of the Picnic hotel, Burrumbeet. The building, which contained a large quantity of hay, three horses, aud a thresh ing machine worth £400, was entirely consumed ; enly two of the horses being got out alive, and they were so badly burned- that they cannot recover. The rest ot the property was totally destroyed. A few minutes before, the fire was discovered, a laborer, whom Mr Dobson had recently engaged, was secu coming from the itable carrying a lighted candle, aud in answer to a question, replied, "This n tit for tat'/' He then walked away, and in e. few minutes after the flames burst forth. The man was arrested afterwards on suspicion of having set the stable on fire, and iodged in the Learmonth lockup. Neither the property destroyed, nor the building was insured. Jlr Dobsou estimates bis loss at £1000. This is the second or third time Mr Dobson has suffered from fires/and on each occasion he was uninsured. 