NEW SOUTH "WALES A telegraph offlcc is in course of le grounds of tiie Northern Agiicultuffl at Singleton. A Chinese giant, eight feet highft eleven inches rather, arrived by tba few days since, and will soon be exl The farmers oi Bung Bong fundings too small to enable them to la their land, are gradually clearing out. An acre of land, subdivided inte last week sold by auction, at CoonJ. This is half the old property of the 1- lic Church in Codma. A man uauied Andrew Blackfa committed ior trial at Newcastle ons of passing forged bank notes. Oltions are filed against bini. The amount of money spent in B last year was no less thau £l46,0d thiBprodigious sum it is calculated tl, or £97,000,000, came from the pooling men. The Owreoar Ghronick of Saturdaj " It has been reported in town durk that, in the event ot an election, M, of Bathurst, intends seeking the sus electors of Carcoar. Dean Russell and the Revs. Jeffrey 1 of Adelaide strongly condemned [ from their different pulpits recent! while it is associated with the presei system of betting. John Garathy, a workinau empl' new railway bridge, New Tunneh Creek, Waflsend, on last Friday,' scaffolding from a height of twenty ccived a very severe shaking—ha three of his ribs at his right side some splinters of bone driven into tl Signor Simonetti has received a Mrs. Goodenough, thanking him ki bust he executed of the late Conum has been placed for the time in the Royal Academy of London—a great I and one of which the sculptor ma Signor Simonetti has received a co reproduce the bust in marble for the There may be seen about the stree (says the News) in the last stage oi an old man whom misfortune and h: rendered semi-imbecile. He is " run in " by the police for slight ofl poor old man was not veiy long ago merchant in Fiji, but on his arriva with a considerable sum of ready m patched it all. Some of his friends i relatives in the neighboring colony something towards alleviating his wi dition. ., The walls of Sydney are covered sheet posters containing reflections a duct of Mr. Parkes when a Mini Crown, and his alleged advocacy ol from Jervis Bay to Melbourne, J great political excitement—such as] election—it may be excusable to thi corruption_to our public men, but t to injure Mr. Parkes, in return for hi to the Hlawana railway scheme, mu the heads of those who bear the em work. | In a case at the Quarter Sessions,' few days since, wherem a watch stolen and pawned t his Honor the Ju the police to retain the watch until paid to the pawnbroker the sum of £ from the latter by the prisoner, wl been found guilty of the theft. It such cases to make the owner pay ha obtained from the pawnbroker, but mad«s the above order, as it. was, he aa that if pawnbrokers were aUowed to si in such cases a check would be put to tion of crimes of a kind such as the C quired into by the court There is no particular reason why should not make an exceedingly good at any rate, so some of the Yass peop think^ for they nominated an xnamd f ' Tommy Simpson who combin fied office of town bellman mth mi foe grosser apatites by vending ap nommation^aper was s^ned by Edw H. Dodds fl. B. Broughton, Matthew Henry Slater, and Mrs Maguire ; t appeared that of these only the first-^ in the habit of>ymg tote the autho ™JZ«nn nomination inWoT informal. ^ ^ n i At the Bathuret Police Court, on thP H. J. Driver, described on the sheet P laborer aged 44 years, was charged wij —In reply to the Bench, Sergeant W that the prisoner had given himself up tody of the police on the previous dt that he had committed two forgeries, a was very sorry he had done so, if li a pistol he would have shot himseli knowledge there was no charge against ner and he did not think be Knew wlv about—The prisoner said he had been' tion below Forbes for three months, t time of the Manduruma rush he wi during; that time he forged the two A The Police Magistrate said that he won' the prisoner for seven days, so that hj mind could be enquired into, and du time tbepolice would ma.ke enquiries case,—Mr. Superintendent Lydiarcl wd in Court' jand said that he had receive mation of ftny, forgej-ies having been. c by this man, Ih reply to Mr. Ly#ard, JteMiftJibe)u>jot^d. m Victoria, but he did tiot know.fhe no bank. A magnificent new greenhouse at the Botattfy Gardens is nearly completed. _ j Petrified human remains were discovered in tliQ Darling district in a well 200 feet below the surface. j The land reserved for sale along the route of the proposed Ilia warrarail way amountsto 100,000 acres. ; A shipment of oranges, the produce of a Single-; tou orchard, has been made at Newcastle for Lyttleton, New Zealand. Tho total expenditure in connection with the Volunteer Fercc for the year ending 31st Dcecni-j ber, 1875, was £14,133. The navigation of the river Darling is much: impeded by the number of dead trees which have' been carried down by the floods. Despatches received at San Francisco from Honolulu Rtate that on the 31st March the vol-: canoes of Kilanca and Mokuaweoweo were in an active state of eruption. A bandy little work on Practical Astronomy as applied to land surveying, by Mr. H. S. Hawkins, M.A., has been issued from the press of Messrs. Loxton and Co. \- Mr. R. D, Fitzgerald, of the Survey department, has issued the second part of his magnificent work on Australian Orchids, the illustrations in which have the advantage of having been drawn from living specimens. A conversazione was held by the Royal Society of New South Wales at the Masonic Hall. The Hon. Lady Robinson and suite were present, and several scientific gentlemen entertained a fashionable audience by their experiments and descriptions of apparatus. There are 437 miles of railway now open for traffic, and an additional length of 2481 miles is in progress. On the o]>en lines the" sum of £7,245,379 has been expended, or an average of £16,579 per mile. The rolling- stock consists of 100 locomotives, 344 passenger carriages, and 1610 goods waggons. The net profit on all the lines last year was £313,474, or 4*395 per cent, on the capital expended. Building operations (writes; the Pastoral Times) are slowly proceeding at Deniliquiii. Buildings are retarded from the want of bricks, consequently \vood is often used where bricks would have been placed. The Railway Company, we hear, intend to import bricks for their use from Eclnica. The iron horse laughs at briekniakers, for weight and distance are but little to him. That bricks are not more plentiful here is not, in our opinion, an unmixed evil, for the town is going ahead- fast enough for healthy progress. There are very few openings at Deniliquin for professional men, agents, or tradespeople, and those who arc think- ing oi trying their fortunes here would do well to be cautious. A few weeks since we recorded the fact that the Government, in distributing medals for valorous conduct during the bush ranging era, had omitted to notice the Messieurs Faithful, who, with much coolness and bravery, beat off Hall ^ and fog gang. Shortly afterwards the three brothers had presented to them one gold medal, and we now learn that they have been permitted to obtain two others on payment of their cost J are g] ad that 0f these courageous young Australians has a medal; but we think that a colony with overflowing coffers might have paid the requisite number of guineas out of its own treasury, and thus have performed its duty in this respect more promptly and gracefully. Q n Friday week last, at 5 p.m., a novel foot ^ ca me off in the Government Domain, be- £wjea Mr, Edwin Goodwin, of the Turou Inn, Parramatta-street, and Mr. Daniel Brown, of the Eose of Denmark, Waterloo; distance, 80 yards, The competitors, who weigh better than IBst ^ had agreed that the victory should be dended in favor of the winner of two out of three eyenta and though the race was a private one a : considerable number of their personal friends w fere preBent. The first heat was won by Mr. Goodwin, the second by Mr. Brown. The third resulted in a dead heat, and it was decided that the race should be run off at some future day. 0n the 22nd ult. (reports the Gazette) a public meeting 0f the inhabitants of the district of % ellington was held at Wynne's Royal Hotel, for the pil^ogeof agitating upon the railway quese^1 The meet£ ^oweithat the people o? the r di8tTict ^ ^sembte in large number when really jnterestC(L Mr. Joseph Aarons, J.P., becuJ ied thecbail atjd CX])la f ue(1 the object of the ^ecting . Hc it the J le of he WeUin^on district to join heart anl hiud in monster peHtion to Government for a d£eS line b Iro£ bark6 . From official 60Urce8 / d that it was the easiest and cheapest S u the col(my> f Th(Jrc wou!d bc only 01^cuttiug 36 feet between the Mullion and M'Kiniion's. rom thence was an easy fall right on to Welington. Several resolutions were passed bejore be meeting broke up. While some of the directors and promoters of he Deniliquiu and Moama Railway were coming ip the line (the Jlay Standard informs us), a ngular accident occurred. They had run the ram to the ballast pit on a small side line* at the jit were several tents, occupied by some of ,the orkmen engaged by the company, On leaving he pit for the main line a boy of about ten. years ld secreted himself on thp buffer of one of the iindermost trucks. None of the companv 6aw im mount the buffer, so away went the. train for ,bout a mile or so, when it appears the boy either ropped voluntarily or was thrown off, Be was rst noticed on the ground by Mr. Simon grazer tl.P., who shouted lustily, '"A man is killed,— op the engine " (then going about twenty miles © hour). The engine was backed; the boy, was lien lying motionless. When he was reached he ! od got, upon hip legs, having just recovered from: -,|3S» ^calp was severely lacerated. ' One F his friends had come np, aud the poor boy waB ! timed to his parents. prize of £6 for the best design for a new Townhall. .'.'•!:•" • i 1 /A AMT 1 The. Yaks • Courier roporti .that fiftoeni aheep were, lately ,^e^rpyed Vt'te padlock. _ j „ .„.,,,t,„„>.,!,.„•« Since the late rauis at yass ,mMhwomg t caii w gathered in the surrotindifig pddabpks by bamiwfoads; ' ' ' -,,iJ 1,1 A pfeHtfon, «igned by -oVr? four thOttSArid'^WIdents of Newcastle ond aurroundirig difatmtn^faas been presented to Parliament; against; Uie; warrarailway. , ; i , l1imii:l „ s,,,,^ Louis Hart has beeu icoi^uitte^. to uj^p .Ktf trial at the Young Sessions, to'bp heW oii Jthc 19th inst., for obtaining gooda urider Klail 1 pretences. ' ' ••'•"•• • •' ; : A new gasholder, capable of holding ! 400,060 cubic feet of gaa, is to l>e constructed iA ooiiu^ction with the Gas Company** worl«, iu .Oirdec Jf supply Ashficld, Burwoo^ Five Dock, Leicuhardt, and the surrounding places^'' '' J The Parkes paper states that a nihil'n'amtld Jas. Bond was charged "with stealing' fcozs.' ttdWfcs. 6grs. of gold. The prisoner was eiigaged atsa puddling-machine, ana wafi disroyei^ahsttfH^ng the gold from a tin billy ; when, uetc^. fye threw the gold on the ground. * j/ , '., A very severe accident (says the Gi^ndWAi paper) occulted on Wednesday night to a' litft named William Burns, in the employ of W. Payne, butcher, of this town. The.Jad the sausage machine, and by some means got h|s arm under the cog-wheels, severely lacerating the flesh over and around the elbow. Dr. M'Kulop attended to the boy and had Ui put id several stitches. It happened most luckily fchat the main artery was not cut, although, as thie'doctor states, it narrowly escaped being severed.' ' The S. M. Herald in referring to the ll hot" " surplus revenue" debate says" The sooAer this wretcheil session comes to an end the better.; and it would be no great calamity if some Cromwell were to lock the doors, put the key in his pocket, and give the legislators leave to go about their business." ' On Thursday, 4th nit, aa operation oT a serious character was performed by Dr. Llewellyn qjt the residence of the Rev. Mr. Orton, npou Hrs. Taylor, of Broad Gully, near BraidwoocL , Tlie patient had a lump in her breast, for which ^he consulted Dr. Llewellyn, who pronounced^ to be a cancer. The doctor placed ^Ir^' Tavlof under the influence of chloroform, after ,whi(w hf removetl the whole of the left breast, T^ie patient is progressing favorably. . /. . : We (Gundagai Timet) inspected Wwi- Kball's a large .specimen of the Fijian^rog herb which possesses the power of intoxicating tg great an extent AS " three-star" brandy or 28 o-p. rum. This herb is about 4fu long, and at the root about 4in. thick. The botanical uamej is Pipcr^vitlmtictim, but the native name ia " Yangamo." The mode of preparation in .- Fiji tie simple if not classic. The girk chew (heroot and make a pulp of it; when sufficient chewing business is done the pieces are placei in a bowl and water thrown in. The liquid is then handed round: and the j partakers can get aa druukas* first-class toper. ; , , , , _ Some mishaps (says.'the Gundagai journal) are very ludicrous.-' On* Wednesday evening' lost while a certain individual, who 6hall be nameless, was fishing in the river, and while in tbe attt bf throwing a hand line, the hook caught eometChfere at the back of him, also nameless. A 6tamp«d^ homewards was thejrefiult. with 'a' quantity'of loose fishing line iu theJrtght^baAd. Hehasin^t been fishing since. -t ••!•..» The following is related by the Sovdiem A t<rrf* —"A wag, in endeavoring to play'a practical joke, was well " sold" a'few tiij$ti? ago, 'It W- pears that, since & man named Jeffre^^,^ drowned ih the creek some time baclc 1 on the Gundary |Plains, a rtimfcr has^rpvailed 1 th^ 'fi ghost has shown i(ielf to the'. feaVelleii along the Bungonia Road, at br' Wai" the plA^b where the unfortunate man was drowned. 'A residoit of Bungonia, riding home fiom Goulbiirii the other night, found that his hor& could nottfe persuaded to pass the haunted and looking Jorward he saw something white staying "fr6m side to side on the road. The BungSniaite dismounted, and succeeded in leading his hbrse iip to where the supposed ghost was dilailayW his temfj-ing powers, and then, suddenly mounting Ins animal, he at the same time gave a sharp cul of Ins _ whip across the face of the ghost, whb emitted not a blue flame, with.the (itteridant dil;- solwng into thin air, but apainM sbund perfedtly human, and made a rush for an adjoining fence which the ghost nimbly got over before thehorsemjm, who closely pursued him, was able fe administer another cut of the,whip.' J "' The Executive Council' had wnder 'consideration the cases o five of the wen whV.were demned to death during the late . Assize Courts held m different parts of the colony/; Intheie of Peter Breiman and John GerrawL who Avere convicted at the Bathnrst Gircuit Golut of a So upon a Mrs. Smith, and sentenced to death by his Honor Mr. Justice Faucettthe sentence haabaen commuted-m the case of Brennan.to ten yeaw? and in the case,pf,Gerrardf» five years' imprfeonment with hard .labor. In theWe.of ffil Conlev, who was convicted of tht murdM of hL wife, before Mr v Actmg-Ju(^ Dayis. 'at 'E Tamworth Circuit Court, it^is been ^Seffi le the law take its course, In t h e ^ S M ICmnon who was convicted of haviWTaMey, on the 27th Decemb B r, laBt,feloS5Snd ^lawfully wounded one Predefeck imtent to murder him, the EsecutiveB lbs. ScStf SiMoiba hMlieon tfetyeucccssful iii Sydney, at the Theatre Royal. j ( ^Commissioner, Eoaehcld a court pfipfluiry malpractices."; The unqulry, according to the Groteier, was private,:And;tbe result; aloue is: ascertained, namely, that J^r. Murray gets his disputed condi- ' tioiial purchase on Eli Elwah, aud Mr. Oliver in suspended." The inquiry merged iuto a general inve&tigati6n; of the working of the Hay Land Office, and several witnesses were examined among whom may ho flamed J, E. Pearoe, P.M., Esq., F., W. Reed, Esq., solicitor, Walter Tully, Esq., Henry Oliver, assistant laud officer, who broughtseveral chaises against MT. Blake, his superior, Mr. Murehison, manager of the Bank of • New South Wales. Messrs. Frank Johns. John Sheridan, and Charles W. York. Mr. Blake was desired bythe Commissioner to send in his reply tothe various charges in writing to him for the purpose of being attached to the deposition to1M? forwarded to the Minister for Lands, Mr. Blake's reply was delivered to the Commissioner before he left Hay, and we understand that he expressed himself in terns of approval of the reply. In the meantime Mr. Blake has applied for and re- • ceived a month's leave of absence, and Mr. Charles " Oliver recently from the Lands Office, Sydney iB temporarily performing the duties of Land Officer and Clerk of Petty Sessions. 