SAN Ar'noioos MURDEa . - Royseville, .Kan., December 22.-William Hixon and Joseph Gorrell were brothers-in-law, living near this place. Gorroll had, in a horso trade, one year ago, contracted a debt of thirty dollars with Hixon. The money wae long past due. At each time that Hixon asked for the money it was rfuosed on the ground of Gorreoll's inability to raise that amount. This invariably led to a quarrel, and threoats were freeoly made by both parties. On Saturday, the 18th, IHixon being pressed for some money, said that if Glorroll did not pay him ho would kill him. No attention was paid to his throats, how ever. He proceeded homo, and taking his shot gun wont to the house of his brother in-law and knocked. The door was opened by one of the children. HiRon asked for Gorrell. 'Ars. Gorrell came towards the door, and obsorved that his gun was coolkod. ?lixon again asked for Gorroll. Mrs. Gor oill informed him that her husband was down to one of the noighhour's (Mr.Ooffin's) drawing wood, in c mpany with his (Gor. roll's) brother. Hixon proceeded there, found the men in the timber, when a quar rel ensued, Iixon repeatedly swearing to shoot. Gorroll replied to his throats by saying:--" What is the use, Bill ? This can be settled without the useo of arms." This continued in the prosouce of EI. Gorrel for some thirty minutos, or until they reached the house, when Hixon raised his gun and said, " G-d d-a you, nothing but blood will settle this now !" and fired immedi ately. Whon Kixon raised his gun, Gorroll drew a small pistol from his pooket; but the fatal shot hadl spot on its errand, and Gorrell fell a corpseo, the shot ontoring the right aide, touring a woaund two iand a-half by throoe and throo.quartor inohes, and panss ing out at the loft sihoulder. HIixon gave himself up to the proper olfloorr, and is now in jail at Bollvillo awaiting trial. The wit nosses to the murder wore Edward Gorrsll, brother of the dooaeod, Mrs. Stephon Ooflln, and Mrs. Kellogg. Strong fooling wse evinced by the border man, and for nome time it was expooted the wrotch would, be lynched ; but better judgment predominated, and the prisoner is safe from violence. Evpmpr or OA~tcruoR oN ScEIS .- Oortain curious and all-but- forgotto 5 oxporieonoo of much interest to agrioulture and gardoning have lately boon revived by a German savant. Very many years ago it was die. oovered and rooorded that water saturated with camphor had a romarkablo influence on the gormination of soodo. As of many other useful Iintu, the stupid world took no notion of the intimration; but a Berlin pro fonsor having nson the rooord of it, appears to havo establisohod the fact that a solution of camphor stimulatoes vgotabloe no alcohol doos nuimalo. He took seuod of various sort, naome being throe or four yearn old, arid plaeood them between uhoots of blotting paper. Some of tiose he wettedo with puro water, and lormo withl camphoratod-wator. In many oaeni the ossod did not sivoll at all under the influonoo of the nimple msointuro; but in every oaoe they gorminated runder the influonce of the canmphor stolution. The experimlnot wa extondoed to different kindl of gardoen onds, old and now, and alwiays with a rosult of sehowing a ningular awaken ing of dormant vitalium and a wonderful quickoning of growth. It also appears from the profouoler's roiloareheo that the young plants thus stimulatod continuo to in troasuto with a vigour aind vivacity tneoh beyond that of those which wore not no treanted. On the other haind, when pounded amphor waso mixed with the coil, it somried to have a rather bad effoet upon the noodo, the done in this latter oanc wo possibly too strong. At all oveotts this notion of camplor is worthy of an examination by oodeornan and gardonors, andt oveo farmers might dotormine how far wheat and harloy may be profited by the etrango power thins drug appours to poontes over the latent lift of vegatablo gormo,.-Florticulturint. AFnuootoue Jonr?:A 'o.rs, -Tho following card han bonu isousd from the of1leo of the San Franoieco Neows Lotter, which hsin do voted itself to the exponuro of awindlon, quack dootoro, &0\. :-"' SpeLial NItion : We havo found it habsolutely neconeary to ontab lish the following rulnn and regulations for the cotndutot of the Nows Lutter offleo, and to which the attontion of the publis its eornostly invitdt. Stioltbrokorn can intor visw iit,, lighting editor of thin piper horo after on l\sondays only, betwoen tonl a.m. and four p.m,. .Tullnayn will bo devoted oxsluntvoly to thie tmedictl profonsion, woutld lI nomlborns of whlich will be tlaughterod Irouisoly in the order of their aplpoaranro. 'lThoro will ie no partiality shown in thin roi, pnot lwhatovor. WVtdniindtiaysi, ImcbOIeihrts of tlii board of iuporvicion will beo Iilled, no wtll alt polititiantu gnorally. Thiurdayut, adventuttrr, loati, and other fraiud will be ittondltd to. Stndays \will Ibe naiigtnotd on tiroly to lhIlioi who have boon montioned in the ' lion of the day,' und othorwito Iaotritodl, No calln will It rooolvyd on Fridlay and Satutrdays, nu it is imporsatl0o these days be reserved for the purpose of editing our slanders. Our gattling gun will be in a position in a few days, when all aggrieved parties will be accommodated singly or in lots. Parties desiring to avail themselves of 'the beautiful now hearse, which will hereafter be an adjunct of the News Letter, will call at least a. few minutes before four o'clock, as all corpses on hand after that time will be sent home in a push-cart, as heretofore." DEAD-LuTTRa SALE. -At the annual dead-lenter sale of the post-office at Washing ton, 8535 unclaimed packages were sold by auction. These were specified in the cata. logue, which contained no fewer than sixty six pages, and comprised a library of about 1500 books, a quantity of sham and real jewellery, a black lace shawl, innumerable gold pens, white kid gloves, knives, neooklaces, spectacles, handkerobiefs, 144 clock hands, soap, a wolfskin, a squirrel's tail, the wings of a bat, two skirts, a pair of calfskin uppers, microscopes, revolvers, a blanket, a piece of rubber hose, a fire-kindlor, two largo plugs of tobacco, a piecrast-cutter, a scouring-brick, a soap-gauge, a box of chewing gum, a gas burner, a harmonicon, a pack of cards and fifty " poker chips," a flute, a boy's jacket, a bar of purnkin-meal, a towel, a shirt, a pair of slippers, a briarwood pipe, a can of fresh pineapples, a pocket- compass, a baby-yoke, a collection of foreign statmps, three odd gloves, a gold-tasselled neoktie, five imitation birds, a tape-measure, a fish-line, some small saws, eleven buttons, and ten fish-hooks. Thin valuable property must have booeen well worth the attention of speculators with " unemployed capital" on their hands.--Echo. A LvuDonous Gmtosa.--The following story is told of Bonsley the actor. The spirits whso alarm Richard Ill in his tent were wont to appear up ia trap en bttste. B3enlay while playing Henry VI was waiting im patiently to display his upper half as his own ghost; and having boon invited to sup with nsome convivial friends after the pserformance, had divested himself of half his costume to esave time. Presently he appeared undetlr the setage, his upper man solemnly arrayed in black velvet and bugles, the lower in a tight pair of smart new nankeen pantaloons. HF placed himself upon the platform, cautioning the carpenter at the winch not to raise him too high, and the cue being given, up he went. Close by stood a mischievous low comedian who had boon laughing" at Bonsloy's odd appearance; and the opirit of fun being too strong for him, he suddenly gave the winch ia few rapid turns, ran King Henry up to the level of tihe stage, and jerked him for ward full into thes ight of the audience. The roar of laughter which arose was tremedtlous. Even the oonscioeco-smitten, terrified tyrant in the tent, at the sight of the old Lancastrian monarch in a costumno belonging to two such different periods, sat up and roared with the rest. D)RUNKARlD IN RAILWAY - OIARRIAGE..- Complaints have oooasionally boon mado of the discomfort and annoyance which passon gore on our railways are sometimoo made to ouffer through being compelled to tolorate the offensive presence of intoxicated parsons, and it is to be fearold that the nuisance in moro common than it is believed to be, for there are numbers of instanoos, no doubt, in which open complaints are not made. Someo one writing in the Horald relates a case, which, in itself, is amply sufficient reason for causing the commissioner for.,railways, or whoeover has authority in the matter, to devise some arrangements for preventing any such ooccurrence in future. One night, two or throo mouths ago, four ladies got into a night-train at Wallorawang to como to Syd ney. The first-olass carriago in which they trvoellod contained seovoen or eight men, all more or lose under the infhuenoo of intoxoeat ing drnlc. They were lying strotohed out along the seats, but some, who wore more naurly approachiulg sobriety than the rest, rade room for the sldioa to be seated. During the journey the more drunken of the number added to the offonsiveness of their proseonoo by interforonce with the ladioes, who wore compelled to travel in thio manner until the entrance of somo gentlemen passeongers gave them security from further annoyanco. It is not difllficoult to imagine the extreme un ploasantuoes, if not absolute terror, which Iadioe in sucth a situation must fool. The corroespondent who relatoe the inoidont suggoate that drunken mou should be put in the truoks with the cattle and pigs. At any rate, they should not be allowed to mix with docestot and roopootablo people eithor in firlt oans carriagoe or any others. Extromo cnre should be taken, in the first inutance, to pro vent thorem from entering the train at all, and whenl they are found in it they ought to be removed to the guard'i van, and there kept until they could be handed over to the polices. It would be well if the guard looked closeoly into every carriageo to se if any ulach people were there, and to give passengore sn oppor tunity of omplaiining to him. Certainly somnothing requires to be done to abato the nuissnsoo; ind our railway authoritioes areu surely not no witless as to be unable to fitd sone moansn of doing so. Thu eight of a "drunlrarda' carriago"' might operato ia a uoseful tdetorreont ; but it is to be hoped that tihe easoe quotod is the oxception and not tihe rulo.--E?ho. ANIEODOTE o: LORD PALttrST't'oN,--Mly fithtor cwas a bonoficltld olorgymsan in tis inorthl of Irelnd, tnd iummstdiatuely adjoinitng. hisi, pIri hi thorO dwoeh i brother parson- ai phl ralist in a small way, for hie had aihlso a livitng in thie diiscoo of Kilfonora. He livied in thIe nnighbourhoodl of 81ifo, a couontry ihichl is famous for its wondtcook anti nipe shooting. I usedo in my boyhosod to go there fir'euinhly in irstaitit of that dtivoraion, and it wni during the course of one of theso visits that a letter arrived from Lord Peltenraton, etsiting that ii hie weo about to visit an staato Ihiuh he harld recit ly elquired int tile neigh bourhood hlie would Ihe gladi of thei opportunity of paying tey friond a short visit if ho cotld hive li m accomrmodattion for ut night or sto. A. reply iwacs it aonu doulttaloidl it the anllirumtivs. T'Ilin rottor wcont into Sligo nnsdl bosught an inmo est s utuitteson ; a situbblo-g'oose wasr (dtclagitated, ditsO a turlksy, Thotru test a good collhr tl orthodosx ohl iaort winio, uand the little i g rriia| ot n l,thsi provirtld, uwnitdl withosot at isppotssion the arrvtral of the patriosa, ivvador. 'lire nsual lhinner-lhour iat the rosetiry wes, Iivi o'closk, hut thast hiosr hd lhng ,ed o the tidaiy alppintiul ; tix esUu, a'id st hsulh.pa't we all out ,sowui to ldinlstsr. 1stwoon tiss susd tu, si wc wc re tIutsomiti hulu it th IInwi ig.uirsiomiii, a nIIi)is oi' wlcln wels hav d , the gIvel ot rvhut, idtloe. An arivail evldUently, We looked at ue?nh other ith stanloty. The drnawinog-room door oponeol tind the servant-girl with red elbows shouted out at the top of her voice, "Lord Viscount Palmerston! " Our host - who, although only a parnon, was a shrewd gentleman observing at a glance that the guest did not look like a man who had dined, whispered some directions in his wife's ear, who left the room. My lord apologised for the lateness of the hour- first visit, bad roads, posatboy missed his way, &c.; ; hoped he had not kept us waiting, &c.-and; did not, as I thought at the time, seem to be at all aware that half-past nine o'clock was an unusual hour for an Irish country gentleman's family dinner. Meanwhile preparations were being actively pushed forward. The salmon itself was a " piec do resistance " of which more than the bettor half was left, a reohauff6 was made of the remains of the stubble-goose and turkey, a beefsteak was added, and in about half-an hour we all marched into the diiong-room and had a anoond dinner. Our guest was gracious, affable, and evidently very hungry ; the old port wine neomed quite to his taste, tho red olbowed servant- girl performed her dutios with agile dexterity, and we spent a delightful night. The next morning Lord Palmerston went forth to inapect his estate, but before his departure our host politely intimated that ho did not on ordinary occa. sions dine quite so late as half-past nine, but that if sit: or seven would afford his lordship satfficient time, heo would endeaivour to give hium ai better dinner than he had been able to set before him on the previous day,-Bel grevia. 'I'iits NovA SooTIAN GCAN'rEss.-Wo have been to soee Mis Anna Swan (nays an Amnri catn editor), and we like lher very much-as it show. We like her about twice as much as we dote on ordinary women. Miss Swan ia eihlit feet and some odd inches long; she is theref'fre entitled to and has use for more affection than a ootmmon woman. We have roughly estimated her capacity, and judge that she can stow away about thrice the lovs that the average roman is capable of lavishing upon his wife, and at leaost twice the amount he can turn out for the wife of his neighbour. It is well itho is not hero for the purposo of marrying. If she should decide upon wed ding any one, it is difficult to comprehend how he could prevont it, and all things considered, sheo i not just the fellowt that a merely mor tal bachelor would care to take into his bosom. Matrimony with her would be construotive polgamy. Beoines, it would bo inannvenient for a business man who has to he at the offico by eight o'clok. Ho- would bh compelled to breakfast by gaslight in order to finish his parting embrace in time for the last oar. IEmbracing a woman is always more or loss pleasant, ibut doing it by soctiono is apt to be. como tedious. Nor is it agreooblo to clamber atop of Lho woolheod overy timan on wishos a kiss. For the nalts of humanity we implore Miss Swan to cling to the show busi nese, renouneoo all thoughts of altering any man's condition, keep her faceo clean, and be a good little girl eight font in length. ArtESunIAN ?oADOTER. - The Amerioan Live Stock Journal nays: " H-owovor muoh croaklor may bomoan the orrors and short nightednoes of American broodero, it is true that American horses of all hindu, from the draught horse to the thoroughbred racer, have attained a high degroo of excellence. Our roadstors are universally aoknowledged ao superior to any other horseo of the uame clona in the world, and the time is not far distant when their exportation to foreign countries will boecomo an important branch of our trado with people from abroad. Our uyotom of crossing thoe various trotting strains upon anoh other in fast fixing tho charnoter itlica of the American trotter, so that the brooding of fast and stout road horses has booomo more than a moro lottery. Every horse bred from trotting trainso will not be a winnor on the raoo- couros, bcoanuo it is only the fastoet among thoe ast ones that can win in a race, but with the exorcise of ordinary judgment we are re,?onably sura of good gaited, opoedy, stylish roadster Thoe contonto of the rane-traok hoave liminated the soft ones and shown the weak epoto to the public to snoh an extent that woe now have as muoh of endurance and pluck in tome of our trotting families no can be found in any of the thoroughbrodu. This assertion may sound very strange to uome of our readers, but we are fully convinood tlhat we have no need to rosort to any now thoroughbred croasse for the purposeo of infusing staying qualities into our road horses. Thore areo aone soft anon in all our trotting familios, but every ono who has had any oxporionco with tlhoroughbrods knows that oname of them are the veriest woode, and that it in just an nooensary to have an eye to stoult orossan in the brooding of racore an in the brooding, of trottorn. Thsere are the thorounghbred fiailinu noteod for gamonoue and plunk and endnrance, but whore in tho range of tloroughbredn, do' yout find more of whip cord and whalebono, more of the mover-wear out, never-tiro, never-die, than ara found in the doouendonto of Old Abdallah ?P Truo, it may be claimed that we have obtained thin pluck and onduranuo, this tonacity and soundnoess, from the thoroughbred; but it intakos no difforonoo vwhoneo w obtain it, toe foot romaine that it has booomo an inherent, transmisnable quality, and thoro is no nood of going outside of our trotting tamilins for that which can bo obtained within ; and jusnt an often no wo do this we postpono the day when fast, otout, and reliable trottorn will Ib brad with certainty. Tine American roadstor in n hrorn for ueno, and not meorly for ploa nuro. HIo in a fast trottor, boeaueo loe hi the most valuable gait on the road, and heto combines pmond and oeduranoo with an intel ligont, traotable, hind disposition, to an ox tant unknown to any other race of horsou. Let our American brooders prosevoro an they have bogun, and wee shall oent have a race worthy of the namo of thoroughbred trottoru. Lot the conteots on the rnoo-trnak go on, for by this monns we shall continue to wood out the flighty, unstoady, u?otund, unreliable individualt of the rose; whilo peood, grnmo neoa, loundnsll n11, nouragot and in tollignnno will go to the front and oosmmand a promium. Ti?ho lourano of brooding that produoes not merely the finto t rotit rorn, but the biot onln bination of olher mnoful qualition allieod to onped, in the one that will commainnd ituolf to Atnerinan hrnodors atn the utirnet roadi to ultilnato and certain Iproitl." 'l'cit l', ANtiNfn. - 'l't?ntplutatingt, whilch will inlolae day betoln, a tonriousl Inn ttr it all thanse tolonint, tno wins to I tnne lens 1rtwhen ln in hand by the) ti South Antralian governtnmt. Ily way of a bIginning, the rTservoir grouinds nt Iolio V'alley, fromn whvlol the oily ina up plied with watenr, and the lihn of conduit fotrn tho river to the ronorvolr hnvo latoly boon planted under the auspices.of tie engineer"in. chief. And as the locality is only a pleasure. drive from the town, the citizens can at any time ean how the experiment is answering,, More than ton thousand tr?es ha've bean" planted in this locahty, the sorts chosen beinge cypress, ash, sterculia, two varieties of euoa lyptus, and six varieties of pines. At the' Bundaleer Springs in the north an experiment is also being made under the nuapices of the surveyor- general, more than three hundred: boxes of seeds having been sown. The first attempt in thit locality is said not to have. boon a suicess, but eubgequent efforts have boon more fortunate. The treeless character of a large part of South Australia has greatly facilitated the occupation of the coil by agri oulturists; but it may also havn had some-, thing to do with Ihe dryneos of tho climate,i tho annual average downfall there being down : to a point rwhich we should eharacterise as a drought. Whether extonsive troe-planting , will bring more rain is doubtful, but it may I have the effect of mitigating the scorching-, effect of hot summer winds. One thing is, certain, namely, that colonists make havoc's with the forest, and that to restore the balance of nature we ought to plant as much as we cut down. We need not plant in the same'". places nor the same species of trees. In these respects art may improve upon nature; but'' iwe shall not improve upon nature by getting' rid of treae alto~ether.--Echo. " HOLD TrHE FoRT." -According to the John Bull, the following is the origin of Mr. Sankoy's most, famous hymns:-During:'! the American civil war a very critieal-'; engagement tools place in Altoona Pass. Inn. the fort there wore stored up the supplies of the federal army, and they wore defended by' a single brigade against a whole division of the confederate army. For a long time the' sinoke was so deone that General Sherman r could not communicato, anti he became very anxious. At last he wont up "oenesaw1"' Mountain, and after a time ucooeeded in attracting the attention of the besieged. He then signalled to them, " hold the fort, for' l I am coming ; " and hold it they did. SItootLtwu DEATIr OF A PIOMrINENT CO?IT. ZEN AT ATITENS.-Athoeno, January 12.- Thore in only one ubjeoot of talk on our .. atroote to-day. The sudden and terrible" death of a most highly-oreoemod citizen has cast a gloom over the whole community, and is therefore cauoo for common sorrow. J.' H. Putnam left his home before daylight this :' morning, outoenibly to procure assistance in his day's labour; but soon after news was returned that li had boon killed by the cars. The matter is invested in complete mystery, and but one possible solution is ad-'. ayennood, which, in connooetion with question able actions occasionally during a few weeks past, give rise to a belief that he was tom porarily deranged. No evidence is known beyond the faoot that he had suddenly ap- C poered running on the track ahead of the oengine, and if he had not slipped and fell, doubtless would haveo eonaped. Stumbling, however, the engine caught him, instantly, and tihe entire train panned over his body, mangling him terribly. Mr. Peutnam was one of the pioneer sottlors of the county, an ardent tempeorance man, promineont a as a church member, and a leoading Granger. Naturally cloear-headed and reticent in man nor, he was one of the last to be suspected l' of reaching death in the manner in which he did. He was about sixty-five years old and loeaven a family. Mr. B., a well-known metropolitan printer, mentione that on one ocoasion an old woman from the country came into the printing oflioo with no old large-print bible in her hand. " I want," said sho, "that you ohould print it over again. It's getting a little blurred sort of, and my eyes is not what they wae. How much do you ax?" "Half a-crown." "Can you have it done in half- ' nn-hour ? wish you would-want to be get ting homo; I live a good way out of town." When the old lady wont out, he sent round to the office of the Bible Society and pur chned a copy for half-a-crown. " Lor's akeos a manssy ! " exclaimed the old lady, when hoe came to look at it, "bhow good you've fixed it, and how quick you'veo done it! I never son nothin' no curious as you printers is " Why should a poor man drink coffee? Bonauno he has no propor-ty (tan). To bring horsen out of a stablo on fire, throw the harness or naddlot to which they are aoountomed over their bnelks, and speako . to them in the tone of voice with which they. are familiar. "J. Gray--Pack with my box five dozon quills." T'hero in uothing remarkablo about this sontonce, only that it is nearly no short a one as canu be conotructed to contain thlo wholo nlphabot. Slanlroy'e revival song "Ninety and Nine " in good; but "Old Hundred" ii one bettor. 