Telegraplnc Intelligence- (Frosi our own Correstondents.) COLONIAL. BRISBANE. Saturday. Air. Thoru has not yet complotcd hiti nrrungo- meuts, but Avill probably do so by Monday. It is expected that tho Now Ministry Avill bo nuido np from tho Liberal ranks. Gv-atlme, Aray 23. Specimens containing tAvo lnmdored ounces of gold from tho eastern reof No. 1 South Smithlield havo been brought into town.' Tlio No. 3 South Sraithfield, nt 290 foot lovol, have struck a reof containing gold. Havo seeu a spccimou weighing 2 J lbs. avoir dupois, which has beon found to-day by n miner named Georgo High, in a gully at tho foot of Mulligan's reef, Avhilo ongngod fossick ing, after a shower of rain. Tho nugget is nearly all gold. A nuggot, woighing 20 ounces, was found at M'Lcod's, twelve miles distanco, last Avbck. Thero is no improvement to note in tho prospoois of tho alluvial, and diggers are clearing out. Nurabors are hard up, and very littlo gold is obtained. : Several experienced and avoII equipped nros- pectiug parties have started out. The reefs continno to look avoII, nnd this ultimately will ho an important mining dis trict. Notwithstanding tho absence of a Warden and police protecting overythiug is orderly, Tho diggors arc constantly shifting their camps, and many are going bnok wanting Avork. Thoro is thorefore a good opportunity for tho Govornmont to get the roads'mndo. May 8. Thoro wns a groat clcaring-out of diggors yesterday and last night, and tlio exodns is still going on, to n reported now rush down tho Ilodgkinson, twouty-fivo miles north-wost of this plnco, Avlicro a foiv parties are stated to be getting a little gold. It is supposed that botAvcou six and seven hundred diggers luia'c started, and the butcher is folloiviug tho oroAvd Avith a mob of cattle. : : Sydney. May 23. A- man, narao unknown, aa-as found on tho the railway lino near Ashfleld Avith his ncek broken, nnd is supposed to havo boon run over by the midnight train. Whito, a bookmaker, has been remanded on a charge of using threatening language to Air. Alontnguc Scott, editor of I'lnch, , It is rnmorcd that a largo landed estate in Syduoy, vrortb considerably over half a half a million, is likely to cause litigation ; a clai mant having appeared professing to possess the original and .unalienated titlo. Melbourne, May 23. Ouo of tlie first measures to ho introduced in the ensuing session by the Government is a bill for tho amendment of tho Education Aot, bringing into effect tho compulsory clause. Ricciotti Garibaldi lins npplicd for an ap pointment in tho Education Offico. Parliamentary Neavs.— Wo learn from our correspondent's letter, dntcd Juno 1st, that tho Government prooeeds on Wednesday noxt to Government House to present thoir reply to tho . Address, and will endeavour as soon as possiblo to obtain a voto (on account .of supply, after Avhioh it is thoir intoution to resign. Both Alacalister and Hommnnt retain thoir soats as private mombers, hud thoir suoeossors Avill have to go before their constituents to be ro- oleotcd 'ere the Honse eon proceed with farther busi ness. Whether tho Governor will adopt Mr. Maoalistor's advice or not rests with himsolf ; ho is not obliged to do so, but tho praotico is that in resigning Avith a majority nt his back for private reasons — ill health, &o.; — the ad vice so tendorcd should rcocivo attention. Of course thero is nlways a probability of a split in tho party when somo aro choson nnd other enger aspirants loft out in tho cold. But probably they will bo suffioiontly united to oarry on Avliilo Mossrs. M'aonlistor and Hommant remain in tho Houso to support them, till the end of tho session. Fatal Accident. — A lad named, William Lnidlow, met with an accidont at Grace- more, whioh terminated fatally on Saturday uftoruoon. Tho unfortunate lad, in company with another, avus riding in tlio vioiuity of tho township on ouo liorso, whon tho liorso tripped, aud tho tivo hoys fell. Tho lad in quest ou received a Avound iu tlio bond, oausing oon- oussion of tho brain, . from whioh he beoamo insensiblo, roraaining so until lio died a foiv hours nftorAvnrds. Dr. Salmond was called iu to uttond tho lad, hut ho Avas boyoiul tho rouph of human aid, — and tho other lud escaped without injury. Simple Simon. — That olevor and ocoontrio oomcdinn, Air. Harry Nioliolson, takes hisbcuofit nnd liis leavo of us at tho Thontro Royal this ovoning, and will no doubt roooivo at tho hands of tho piihlio a substantial recognition of his sorvioos. Ho stands noxt to our friend tho Doutsohor, second favourite with tho orowd, who rolish his vorsatility nnd oomio delineations with roars of applnuso, nnd though ho may " havo a brothor nt homo twice as foolish as ho is " wo think it Avould go hard with him to bo moro nmiismg. -Tho programmo for tho oqonsipn Avill bo on attractive ono, for wo soo that Mr. Dan Briggs is to npponr iu hiB oolobratod impersonation of John Chinaman > in whioh ho docs all sorts of things, and is in foot nu opitomo of all tho . peculiarities and oddities of tlio Cbinoso ohiu'actor. An bntiro ohango of programmo is also annoanocd, in whioh fresh novoltics will ho introduood, and as this Avill bo tho last nppcarnnoo of Mr, Howorths boautiful panorama horn, avo nugur that recoiptB to-night's will not bo tho Avorst of tho season. Mr. Nicholson is deservedly a favourite Avith tho public, who will wo boliovo givo a satisfactory proof of it to-niglit. Teleorafh Secrecy. — To blab liko a Tolo- graph Offico is now an axiom and ono too whioh is daily gniuing ground amongst tho public, so muoli so that in many instances whon tho Aviro was formerly usod, tho post now does tlie work, tho general impression boing that if a man wants to givo a thing publicity ho has only to send it through tho Telegraph Olfioo, instead of tlio nowspnpor whioh wo havo always, beon nccustomed to consider tho proper modo for publishing infor mation. To suoli an extent has this iinprossion taken hold of tho public mind, that many pooplo linvo assured us, that although thoy would in many instanoos profor tho wiro to tho mail, thoy uso tho latter simply bccnuso they are afraid of tho blabbing propensities of tlio lJopartinont, and won't trust thoir seorots to it, consequently tho rovonuo must loso hoavilyi wliilo this impression hists, nnd last it will until some moro intelligent supervision than that noAv exorcised over tlio dopartmont is introduced— a department ivliioli is admittedly thft Avorst managed in tho colonies. Tho reason is obvious— tolegrnphio subordinates aro not paid ouough— in fact thoy aro miserably uudor-paid, and tho dopart- mont instead of being tho highest paid in tho colonics is tho lowest. What wo want is character moro than nbility whioh is meobauical after all, as wo don't -pay for character — tho groat- essential — avo got a spurious articlo ,nt a low fignro inatoad. Cheap wares aro seldom worth anything. Wo oan t oxpcot good aorvioes witiious paying xor them, aud as avo don't pay for them, wo don't got them, and havo to put up vvitli a kind of slip-slop alternative in oonsoquonco. Postal. — Tho Springsuro, Blaokall, and Tambo overduo mails arrivod on' Saturdny morning by tho early train. Mail Notice.— Mails for Brishano and tho intermediate ports, per Lady BoAVon. s., will probably closo at tho usual hours, this ovoning. Vagrancy. — A mail named' Jeremiah Hop kins Avas a passenger hy tho Lndy BoAven last oa'oning, having boon convicted ' of vagranoy, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Imported Stock.— By tlio Boomerang, s.s., which arrivod last night somo 24 wolbbrod bulls woro brought from Sydnriy to roplenish tho hords of this colony, and tiro on tiros of good blood Avoro also passengers, one of 'thorn being, as avo aro informed, half brothor to tho cele brated racohorso Kingsborougli. Sureties of tub Peace. — Kato Murray was brought beforo tho Court, on Saturday morning, oharged with using thrcatoniug languago towards licr husband, G. E. Murray, and lio aa'ishcd her to bo hound over to kcop tho peace. Constahlo Kelly proved the arrest at Lako's Creek tho previous oa'euiug, hy virtuo of a warrant. George E. Afurray deposed that on tho 1st Juno his wifo took up a sugar-basin, and said, " I'll knook your d d brains out with it," and ho prayed that sho find sureties to keep the penoo towards him. : Sho had fro-, quontly boliavcd iu a similar way beforo, and ho was afraid of his'lifo nnd proporty. The Bench ordered tho prisonor to find sureties to. kcop tho poaco towards hor husband for tlireo months, herself in £10 aud two sureties of £5 each, or to go to giwl until tho sureties wore provided. ' Larceny. — Thomas Young nlias Cambridge and Emily Devillo Avoro brought before Messrs. F. N. Beddek, and C. E. Wodobouso, J's.P. on Saturduy morning oharged with tho laroony of joAVollcry, consisting of n gold albort chain and a silver Avatch. Sorgeant Doylo proved the arrest of both prisoners that morning, oharging tho rnnlo prisoner with stealing, and tho fomnlo prisonor with receiving stolon property. Tho womuu whon nrrestod commonccd crying nnd said, " You wretch of a man you havo brought mo to this," and then turned to witness and said sho was not tho other prisoner's Avifo, and that all that she (had dono was to his orders. By the request of the polico the ease vraa remanded uutil Friday next for tho production of furthor ovidcnce. . The Rockhamtton School.— "We contiuuo oiii' abstracts from tho Roport of tho Board of Education for 1875 (3.) Boys' Sohool (Roman Cntbolio) : Inspootcd 16th to 20tli April ; pupils enrolled, 107 ; present, 88. Tho attendance is reported to ho romurkably good and constant, that thoro is a far greater daily averago, and a much higher percentage of regular attendants than at any other school in Rockhampton. Tho punctuality is said to ho usually vory good. On tho first morning of inspection it was cx- treinely bad. Out of 88 hoys present, 42 wore late. On the second day thero was an ex traordinary fulling off in tho attendauoo — only 43 boys wore presont. I cannot satisfactorily account for such a sudden falling off, for tho weather was not thon rainy, though the ground Avas damp. Tho school was in a disorganised stato. The staff had, for somo timo, boon quite .inadequate. It consisted of an acting head teacher with tlio rank of an assistant, and a probationer) pupil teacher. Tho ordor wns modorato ; tho disciplino very indifferent ; tho records iucomploto and irregular. Thoro ap peared to be comparatively littlo systematic teaching dono. Tho M3ultsjin Arithmotio woro good ; in other subjoots tlioy ranged from had to modorato. Nearly thrco-fiftlis of tho pupils belong to tho scoond- class, and moro than ono- fifth of them to tho first-class. Borne of tho children aro fairly adArancod for thoir ages, but thoro is a gonoral look of thoroughness. The homo oxoroisos woro indifferent. Iu August tho staff of tho sohool was inoreuaed by tho ap pointment of a hoad tcaoher. At tho oloso of tho year the number of pupils wns 118 on the roll, and nbout 90 in daily attendance. (4.) Girl's School (Roman Cntbolio) : Inspcotod 21st aud 22nd April: Pupils cnrollod, 113 ; present, 86. The atteudanoo lias boon good and moderately steady. Tho punctuality is had. At tho timo of inspection tho wenthor was BomoAvhat unsottled. On tho morning of tho 21st, more than ono- third of tho attondauco was lata, and oven iu tho ufternoou thoro was A' a largo proportion Into. T ho Btaff consisted of a mistress, two assistants, and an unpaid pupil tonclior. Tho management of tho sohool is vory fair ; tho classification and motliods aro pretty good ; tho timo good, tho disoiplino fair, and tho ordor pretty -good. Tho pupils aro dis tributed into throe olnsscs ; tho loAvcst of those is tho second,- and this contains somewhat moro than throo-fourths of tho pupils. Tho attain - monts of tho ohildren nro moderate for thoir ngos. Tho , profioionoy displayed, nnd tho amount of work dono, woro regarded as, on tho whole, voiy fair undor tho oiroumBtancos. Tho gonoral condition of tho sohool is thoroforo sat isfactory. Melons and Niooers. — A good deal of pil foripg in a small way is going on, and no ono oan grow a molou in his yard oxoopt ho is alAvays on tho spot to koop tho niggors off. Yesterday morning tho balcor discovered ho wns twonty-oiio loaves short, but whether tlio blocks, Malays,' or hnrd-up wbitofolloAVS wore tho tliiavos linR nnh vnh (icon rBsnnvnrnd.— Northern Territory Times, ALLIGATORS AT WYMWE. — tllo UtlllCS Of tllO 24th instant says that two live aligators wore soon lying, on Saturdny .ovoning, half covered Avith water, abont a qunrtor of a milo from tho Mary Rivor. Thoy aro not very largo, hut if permitted to groAv aud wander nbout tbo toAvn, n remarkable decrease in tho revenue dorivablc from tlio dog-tax ivill occur in the conrsc of a jrtfUL ui al buujr uuuiu uo viuiuuu i>u luuiviu stray goats and pigs, Avhat a blessing thoy Avould proA-c to this toAVU. Wo trust Mr. Corry, to Avliom tho juvonilo snuriaus Avore sout from tho North, will tako tho hint. Wheat — Thosuooossful establishment of tho whoat-pr.oducing industry is Avitnossod (snys The D. D. Gazette ) in tho rapid increase in tho numhor of flour mills iu oporntiou in tho Dar ling DoAVns district, in tho importation and gonoral employment of reaping nnd threshing machines, and in tho improved quality and chnractor of tho flour produced nt our country mills. Wo havo frequontly hold that tho flour producod at tho TooAvoomba aud Ailora mills whs equul in qunlity to tho best productions of South Australia, but tho mnttor lias been sot ntroRtby tho opinion of .competent judges at tho Sydnoy exhibition. Fate. — Sir John Lubhook thus states tho four fundamental propositions of Dnrwiu's theory: — " 1. That 110 two animals or plants in Nature nro identical iu all rcBpcots. 2. That tho offspring tonds to inhorit the peculiarities of theso parents. 3. That of thoso who como into oxistoncc, only a certain number roach maturity. 4. That thoso ivhicli aro, on tho Avholo, best adapted to tho circumstances in Avhioh thoy aro placed aro most likely to leavo descendants." Ho adds : " No ono of theso statements iB, or can be. disputed, and thoso Boom fully to justify tho conclusions which lul< X/(UiilIi Hllo UUUUtuU HUiil lillvtii tllUUgll not all thoso Avliich have boon attributed to him by, his oppononts." It is idlo any longor to preteud that Mr. Dnrwin's theory 1b only nu " hypothesis.". It is a necessary reading of in disputable fact. The oommoroial correspondent of The Bom. hay Gazette mc ntioiis that Router's Tologram Company baA'o announced a rebate on mcssagos to tho East to regular senders of not loss than ten tologi'nms monthly, to any.stations in India, Ceylon; Burmnli, the Straits, China, Japnu, Australia, and South America, coming into foroo on tho 1st Maroh noxt. Tho soalo of re bate will bo 'lis follows : — To India, Is. per mcssngo; to Fuming, Singapore, and Java, Is. 6d.; China and Japan, 2s.; Australia, 2s. Gd.; Pernumbuco and othor places in tho north of Brazil, 8s.; Rio Janeiro, 4s.: Uruguay aud Buonos Ayros, Peru, and Chili, 5s. Thoso rebates uro to; bo allowed on tlio company's ordinary rates, whioh in no oaso Avill exceed thoso of tho cnblo companies. Tho advantages cluimod for tho company's systom nro — frco registration, greater coouomy in telegraphing, full nnmos of senders and reooivors giA-on in every telegram, and rapidity of transmission. Coffer. — Mr. Bonnott, writing in tho Bun- da berg Mail upon tne chnractor of the copper doposits in Quoonsland, . snys : — " Wo havo simply to doA'iso moans to enable us profitably to deal with our ores, bonring prominontly in mind that in nil probability tho largo supplies that continually floAV_ into tho market from other sources will oontinuo to kcop tho price comparatively low. Wo havo not in this dis trict tho lnrgo deposits of ore whioh are found in tho Spanish minos ; neither havo we pre cisely the same obaraotor of stono — our deposits are smelted, and are of d slightly different nature. Iu the Spanish mines tho stono is composed of sulphur, coppor, iron, and silioious matter ; in this district the snmo components .aro found, but generally accompanied aa'ith a largo proportion of aluminous matter, whioh mast bo separated before it can bo dealt with iu tho Avay nbovo dosoribod, us the aluminous portion of tho stono is of less specific gravity thau tho pyrites of tho ooppor. Tlio soparation is thoroforo n vory easy matter, but then it in volves an oxtra oxpenso to that of tho Spanish minos in tho way of separating or dressing, machinory and labor. And then from tho Rio Tinto ores, &c.;, nftor extracting tho sulphur nnd coppor tho rosidao is manufactured into spongo iron ; this cannot bo dono ns a rulo from tho ores of this district, because of tho foreign substances to .which I havo referred predomina ting, leaving only a small peroentago of metal lic iron. Sulphuric ncid manufacturing plaut should bo erected at a convenient position for recoiving tho most highly sulphurated nnd Ioav porcontngc ores. Tho stono a\\-ill first ho dealt Avith for sulphur, nnd sulphurio acid manufac tured thoref rom, whioh liquid might bo utilised for dissolving low poroontago carbonates— a largo quantity of Avhioh aro ut onoo availablo. The residue from tho sulphur humors would bo doalt with by tho salt aud calcination pro cess. Worse than rkin& on a Jury. — Tho Con clave of Gregory X. lasted tAvo years, during whioh tho Church of Rome was without mi infallible hoad. Olomout IV., tho predecessor of Gregory, died at Vitorbo, and tho cardinals, not being ablo to ngroo upon the choico of a sncoossor, aa-ohs prepnring to loavo the towu, whon St. Buonnventura, tho disciple of St. Franois of Assisi, porsuadod the inhabitants to Bhut thoir gatos, nnd not to lot the cardiunls go till a Popo was made. The peoplo took tlio saint's ndvico, aud not only shut tho gates of tlie town, but sot a guard over tho cardinals at tho doors of the palace iu AYliicli tlioy mot, and informed them that they could not ovon leave the pnlaco uutil thoy had olcctcd their Pops. lloAvevor, ovou then tho cnrdinnls could como to no agrccmont ; they Ai'cnt on from mouth to mouth aud month to month, still voting without producing tho requisite major ity, till one day tho Cardinal del Porto ox- olaimed that the Holy Ghost could never come down and inspire their olioioe as long as thoy hnd a roof ovor thoir liends. Tho people of Viterbo took this profnno joko seriously, nnd nnroofod the palace. This measure, nguiu, Avas still ineffectual, and ffio cardiunls, it seemed, would novor linve arrived at nuy determination hnd tho dovicp not boon hit upon of diminishing tho supplies of thoir tables. This measure Bucccodcd. Hunger ef- fcotcd more than rain or ii'iud had dono, and Grogory X. was elootod. Gregory X., on his oleotion, issued the Bull that all future Popes should bo elected in conclave — that is by an assembly of cardiunls looked up together, and subjcot to specified restrictions as to diet and attondauco until tho clcotion was oA'er. — From " Papal Conolavcs," in the Corn/till Magazine. Tho Rov. Ohnrlos Olnrlc lins boon drawing crowded nudionoes to hoar his locturca. Ho goes to San Franoisco iu Juuo. Thoy havo a plan of robbing drunken raou iu Melbourne whioh (says tho Telegraph) is, happily, not yot in voguo iu Brishano. ' Tbo fimbriate rocoivos a peculiar kind of bloiv on tho sido of tlio head, which oomplotes his al- ready stato of'somi-bomuddlomont, 'and a fow sooonds aufiloo to oaso him of his supcrfluouR onsli, whon he is nllowod to oomo to his souses gradually.' aud to prooood ou liis way a sadder and a poorer man. At Goondiiviudi, last Sunday, tlireo mon, nnmod rospeotivoly Charlos Willinms, alias G. H. Lalor, alias Mynll Goorgo, Hoiiry Potts, and Georgo Boll, alias AndroAV Potts, woro approhendod hy Sorgeant Walsh and Constahlo O'Brion, with sovornl horsos in thoir possession, bolonging to Coopor BrotliorB, of Bogamildi station, near Wnrialdn, Now South Wales. Tho mon woro captured whilo sleeping in a house Avhioh for somo timo hnd boon unocoupiod. Tho prisoner Williams was armed with a- re- voiA-or, Due iiuiouuia ui win tho timo of his apprehension. —J). D. Gazette. 