OOGMA. AMATEUR DltAMATlC AND MUSICAL CLUB. Oim local atatalenrs gnvo their innntrorn, 'performances on Tuesday and Wcdnos' 'day evenings to crowded lionses i»t Thornton's FornUuro Ra?.a-tr. The too in bad heen nicely decorated, and the «tnge ftnd proeeninm artisiicnMy nr mnffodby Mr. Ilulchinnon. During the canine the Ooomn Brass Baml, who \- fiad teen engaged by tho Club, played at mlerrnis. llie jnrcos -«hosen were llie 'Lottery Ticki-t'' andthu 'Deaa Shot,,' will n Jivoty Ethiopian sketch entitled the ' Ghost in the Pawn, ?shop.' &* Wormwood, in tho ' Lottery ., Tioket;1 Mr. On*. T. Onrlisle Mili.-r, liy Tiio correct m»k« u,i nnd faithful do Hinenlion of the principal eharncter, oV lighted the ,«ndiencr-, who evinced their ttpprnhotiMijpmojlamiugtiilftHible terms. Mr. Qt. W. Spiing. as Oapiasliielawyc-r, ignm nn excellent pnnrtraro! of the char acter, and woa well Tecnived. Charli-H '(Mr. Glisflun) was the oeou timl nf a t loTer — n»y « volet. Mr. P. Kobinson ; J Bi Hfr«.Oor8rtt,nnBtainoi1 his partadmir j «bly, an3 all know hotr diffinilt it in for I a gentleman to assnine tlie roleof a litdy, t Mr. Walter Atkinson {his first appear '?? suce) was at liomo, and was really a I unaid-oT-all-worlc. I The negro farce, « The Ghost in the 1 Pawnshop,'' kopt the lionun in roars of !| laughter, Mr. Charles Gitl being B ster h ting Old Percentage. Toby Kiss ( Mr. | Endicnlt) licklvd the eensibilities of the ' fieopla exceedingly, and tho local hits tlint lie -3i'n't whvn tnnkiag up the in t Tentnry of hie «mployer w.ro receircd witli the utmost good hnmor. In the musical interlude Mr. Saranel Vornon sang ' The Blachsmith' in fine style. 'The Working M»n,' by Mr. Endicott, took well. Mr. LinegnrV oong ' I stood on the Shore,' was lnnnred with nn encore. 'Pair, Fat, end Forty.' a comic nong, was given by Mr. F. Uobinnnn. A HUle boy, o! nhnnt 9 years of ago, a brother of Mr. Hntchison, sang; ' Put me in my little lied,' Mr. Nott also a gara comic «ong. ' The Ravot.' was ronderad by Mr. Gas T. G. Miller in n style which proyce that that gonUeman has ^alcnts of a superior order; and the^iccitatinn ' he gave on tbe second evening .entitled *' ffenry the fifth's Inspiration to bis Soldiers,' drew quite an ovation and lie irns called before the cnrlain. ^ _ - 'Tlie Dead Shot' w«b pnt on the -v-^ ' boflrds in a nnsteriy manner, which, to i ? great extent, was doe to the . fact ' that I the amateurs hud more time .to study it, I ond also to the clrconisUnce, perhaps, I . tbnt Looira Lovetr'tck {Mr. Olisran) was dressed ap as a charming lady — Bbe : - tnnst bare bad fair friends of good tngte to assist him. A choleric old gentleman was Captain Cannon (Mr, S. ^ernon}, who is resting On bin laurels. Whet on industrious msut Chatter {Mr. Hut chison) was; how her tongue did ran. What an interest she took in her mis tress's yonng lover, . Ur. Frederick Tbnrnton.nWy sastuined by iJt. Endicot. Mr. Wiseman, represented by Mr. ftobin Bnn was oarelullf played, Mr. Hector Timid (Mr. ,G. W. Spring) gav/e entire vatisfaoiibh. In tlie piece, all the ebnr Dcterstvere fairly. ponrtrnyd, and ttierjnb twejie well pleased. . '?*'. Mr. -T. -f. ? Crania ably officiated as Prompter. : '. Short!/! other entertainments will follow; so that many pleasant ereningB joay.be reckoned vpoa bf the public. ' . jNSOLVEHor.— A first diridend of 14c. in tho £ in tbe insolvent estate ol Georga Atkinson liai JiRen declared. . : Tliolirst »j)eplin(f iii the insolvent estate of John anil JiiAlaA Dsanan, of Qnenn beyan, iii|i behold io Ktng-stroet, Syd ? |}ev? on IS tli September. . ' i :%' ?Ja ? ? 