:.?^PNEYv,VeW (FBOH. ODE OWN OOBEESPOHDENT.y' ''".SeptemBer'22. T;he Dakdeeokg-A. iittle ho^e Judgment ' MIGHT HAVE'1 SAVED. THB SHIP'B.CqitPAIfr— MnioATiiio Distress—WeWant' jo'bb En : TEBTAJNEI) EATHEB* THAN IftSniVCTSp^TnB New innnBATiok: BEBpLtJTidss^Afl^Tics TAJsoom—NoTiut.Tjimigiution—Sm Hjin • CELEB ' KpDINSON'S 'BaMOUS. TlJKF^ IjE£TBJl— ' Mb GoVEEEOB.MOiiE PpPHL^'.TEAN^ JETPE^— ' The ;l!.wALi,iBilkTV 'of.. BioVNewseaeebs— ' Much: OAK*SB BATO'ON EblH'BipESr-EliElJT* OF P UBLIC3—LlGHT "WlKEs' TEE5D8 BeEB AND Spirits—The A&mtitti.;" ^ECA]£bo(^^Ux . Kiama—A ,'TivisEcnoE..'oF",PiaEEsi-r- TnB KeTEOTE FLOURISHING EsOEEDiNQLT.! The last liopo .that-, the ill-fated Bandenong did ^oi go lo tbe.bottom when she /was: dost sight of by the Alberfc TCHiflrasphas beendis solvcd by/tbe' complete-failure vof.alLrthe endeavours to find her.'. -An insignificant piece of wreckage, and a few hats, are all- that Jfas yet- been,-discovered. : No bodies*have .'been washed ashore,, Eelatives< are,beginning. to advertise, the passengcranleft :onivl>oard*the vessel ab dead. ,. The only filings hhdt remain to ,he i done, are to leam.- any. lessons: from- the .disaster which mayprevent itofecnrrericejiand to suceonr the,living who have biSbn .stripped of- their possessions,* arid bereftofihsir bread winners' by the event The newspapersjhato had plenty~of -suggestions -from seafaring correspondents...as . to, .the,,]means and appliances' whicii -wonld-' have prevented both the foundering, of 'ih6~dlsabled.ship(iapd the loss of'.ltfeVlndi the arrival' of the 'h'ai^n'e upon ihe.spene.fvlt has leaked> oht that though. fhbre'wjsre. iaii viduol'cases of the ment'of' the- boats was anything hutJ satlsfjm. tory.' If' there hadheeii'a little more hbui'anfl a: little more Courige it' j is' hird to believe that. a single life would have been lost ; tlic Alheit Williams might haye -carried' every 'soul' on board the Dandenon^ ihto'Newcastle XBgt' the disasterhas1 happened,' and; the'charitable in the three ports visited by the Dandenohg-^ Sydney, Newcastle!', and , Melbbufrie*phayp applied'themselves to the..task, of'mitigi^hg the consequent distresses. . 'Ap tfte'.Daridenpng was owned in Melbourne, it is probable.tbat.thp largess' subscription' list will he ' raised. [,there. TtfNewcastfo" the' amount is swelling' up'rei spectably.' has been, e small com. the principal ci,tfzeibforA''ifaMib; meeting, 'convened by the Mayor,'was hrnj on Tuesday , evening, " bnt was poorly 'attended Those who werB 'iheseht^.howevffij^j^'^wp).^ capital example bf.'liberalityr It '.is jmiftBybfy' to test the popnlarityof _a'chaH|^By the.allemiA; grudge theirtime;'A'.cheqiie is wiffihgly|p^e.i} but not an evening: Tho' newspapers G.vhbusl all that' can • b'e..said: 'fir "any worthy philan thropy,and' file oratory of the publip meelmg' becomes only ■ ily ■ a. tame' or irri fating 'rope'Jtioq ' of * well-worn-plhtitddbs.'? -Arid no ddutjit^jihe* : Svdnev''' will' '.'be ""hack-' ir~'of"l'§ydhey-''''wflli "ntt.'."be;.1" ;wnid' in 'contributing to 'the .'Dahdenoiig 'relieffund although; they!'qnietly.'tdMUhe'dJ!W , llisten to the oratory with whiii ^t' ^ha ,t^4 [inaugurated."" Bat'for the' ty^hy.'^'ciiTOJ^ jveiy few- public, meetings' would.bta!'h41d,.m^ .Sydney. •' -The object of most oftlieiri is either, [religious ■' or philanthropic,f hut the, attendance' 'seldom Teaches 'the' century.^ .The " fimlim, string of orthodox resolutions is usually carrifkh [in ■ front Of .the " inspiring praehra''.pf';$t *" beggarly artsy .of empty benches,';''. Suoh (&£ the heavy .strain of city hfe on inost of ub that,, ■if wo go at at all after the 'day's work' is .dbnei^ wo' want to ho entertained rather than, instructed.' •;' . ■'.; '1 ' This week' the new, immigration ;regolntioM| have been gazetted, and they differ importantly, from those previously...in., .operation. The maximum age is, 50, instead, of, 35. as before. jBut the prihcipalchango lies'iu the'amounts to be paid by the " immigrants; thenualvra. From 50 down to ' 12'years'hf:''age'!.ttte ' payment is to he £2 per head; froth 12doyi}.. to 3, £1; below 3; nil." The payments mybp^ , made either ih'England'tb 'tne[ Agent-Gtenerid, by the immigrants, or ill tho colony to Clerks, of Petty Session's by the.imnugriihts''ftiendj. . The Government will give them a free paSsaga., to any part of the'colony' fea'ched[biyraiilbf. steamboat; Thus; for. £10 or :£12;'a-[whbfo^ family can ho transportedfrbm I/ondbri fewny^ part of New South ;Wales. Tins is less than., half the ■ cost according' to thb old 'regulations,! .without reckoning, tho free' passage hy'railhr "steamboat." ■ Again,' under the old. system ; .Gorman immigrants; were permitted; .how thb'.' basis is widened' to- include the Continento!.1 Europe, and the solo conditions are,4-;l)j tho.colony-shall, pay no more towards their ; . passage than tho'average rato frbm. tho'Mnitbd^' Kingdom; and' (2) Thbt.'. not, more,'ihan'Jy one-eighth of tho: funds..authorised'1by Parliament shall 'ho eo expended;'/.The.;J regulations also permit orio'-fburthY'bf ,puch.,t funds to ho expended in promoting", im migration from thb casternppftioh of thoTJnTtrf-^ States,provided thai none of' tucli tmiyrantsb?.,, Asiatics, and 'that th'by', cohtrihhto'fas.'.inupn jJ towards their' passage as immigrants from tho TTnitcd Kingdom*."'ThiS^reference tofho' United States.is in oonsequenoo of tliostrbng represent;?! tations made by tholixecntivnCoininixsiober nt p Philadelphia, Mr. A"Morris;'accordisgto whoih''• tho struggle of ,lifo. in tho*Eastern^ States'.ia:;fT nearly as. severe as jt is In tho aider Ehropein:i« States, so that .50,000 peoplo, of the best work-':1< ing classes, would be only too gla'd of a'ohande'1" to ,cros3 the Eacifio to Australia. - In regard to1''1 inimigrationfromthoUnitedKingdora,'strict at-'.'"! toniion is;to hogiven to thoregnlation that'thb1"^ proportion ofEnglishmon.Irishmen, arid Scotch-""" men, is to.hp inaccordanoe.withtheirpropof-"'11. tion.in the existing population of tho colony,'Tbi ".'J ' rovealedln the last eonsus.'- On th'eiwholo; thCHe'" ' regnlations.orb.n<!ra'rablyiiniadvanebof tlio'oid!,'rn pries; ",aiid we ,ri>ay reasonably hopo thattthBj'1';'*' W'll prbmotb a greatly increased , rata of immi^ -HI .-gration.. The-inofc influential section of the V - Fress would have been glad if the Government . had evinced coudge enough to havo followed ; the" -recent 'exanples'of' Queensland and New 'I Zealand^ and'endeavoured to- "prbcipitato the 'colony" by anextensivc And vigorous system ofrfifee immigittioni but seeing that the atti tude-ofthe wtrklng classes is. so determinedly v hostile to all immigration what over, we are thahtol'forio steps in that direction which havo -just ben quietly' taken hy the iBSuo of thesenew regulations. SirHerciles Robinson's letter on tho turf created qute a,furore. The Melbourne Argus . had the waole correspondence wired on the day of publication. Tho Governor iB more popu lar '.thai4 tovcr. Tho jpublic is making amends for? befleving—which nearly every body' dS—tho rumours about his heavy turf gatabliig by going into gushes of admiration, r Aside from this last deliverance, Sir Hercules is'a planning leader 'of society. Broad in his views utterly free from sectarianism or narrow .« Jicssrof any colour, untainted by meanness, tifotbiighly independent, without an atom of hdss.dUJnity, courteous to everybody, generous : tn lte -charities, with strong and cultured library sympathies, frank and manly in his wiole demeanour—he has given un example of attractive gentietnanliness to higher society— and tho" wealth of Australian higher society is ipt to outrun its manners—wliich must have wro^ht good.: I need hardly add that the publication of thie correspondence has 'given rieo0 to a deal, of town: talk upon tho turf and ,,betting.; .It: is agreed' by everybody t&atjithe;,. one -vice bf the. turf -is betting; ^ha£,.,(jjimion 'seems- to -be pretty equally divided^. as - to- -whether the Governor ^r:tho RcZratd and Argue are in tho right as to ' jinfluence; on? betting of publishing the fluctuations; of tho-hotting lists and the touting reports of morning ghllyps. But as most hig newspapers .quietly assume their own infalli W^fcjMs hardly likely that tho Serald and Argus will mcud or change theirways, even on tho.;adyice;.of :Sir Hercules Robinson. The question.-is ti very nice one in journalistic °??ifl8try j , and, .as Mr. Fairfax says, "much tan, bp said on both siles.". It has been hinted 'mat if all; tho gentlemen in the colonies who teke-*n; interest in sport would follow his Estellenoy's example, if the directories of hanks, and other commercial companies, and tho, heads of the . chief mercantile firms, would Prohibit,their employes from betting, and if the'.united Press would agTee to suppress betting .-lists . and touting reports, then turfigambling. would soon languish into decay, -horses .would ho run in the. true spint:of-sport.'tho best horses would win, and the .jockey clubs, in providing a healthy pas timefor the . people, would1 he regarded as publio-benefactors.- .But that is only a paper picture ; - such:-a united effort to stamp out a social-vice can scarcely happen this side of the -yeiffii.i>i fiObO. . • ... . humbey of public houses licensed on the Jst' of July" last has been published in the Ooccrimkiil Gazette: The total is 2,466, which ■ in,round numbers gives a public house to evory:2o0 of:theinhabitants. "Fancy," says ■ onet.ofltho'-evening papers, "a community of -608,000'-'people, Inamtaining 2,466 butlers"! Sydney district heads tho list with 668 houses: Nw.cairtiej'with its colliery townships, has lOo^-Bathursfc, has 93; and so the list tapers tfoWn; - It is eomputed that more than a million vP money is spent annually over " drink" m,,?New\ South Wales. The license fees ibr the present year 'Itnounfc to nearly £75,000. addition to thb foregoing, about 250 wine licenses havo been issued. Tho Rev. Dr.' Bleasdale, ,who is spending a holiday in Sydn$y,: is' advocating the popularisation of ' wines as a drink admirably suited to the olimato, and one which, if Continental precedent goes' for anything, tends wonderfully to the diminution : of drunkenness. Whether light wines would cure 'the peoplo of Now South Wales or not, two facts are plain: first, that druhkenness is increasing, and second, that the efforts of the teetotallers to diminish it may he" seriously compal'sd to Mrs. Partington's famous' attempt to mop up the Atlantic. The' Focial problem is before us, but the. solution of is.that ? ' On ' Wednesday tho artificial harbour, at Kiama was opened for pubUc use with! great ceremony. It was,christened* the "Robertson Basin'/' in honour of tho Premier, by Miss Charles/ daughter of Captain Charles, tho member for.Kiumu, and a " thick and thin " jjipportct of the present administration. Thero were great crowds, loud rejoicings, plea want festivities; and tho inovitublo banquet and • speeches. The work was originally projected in 1844, but not^ nctuially commenced till 18C1. Consequent^ its construction bus taken fifteen Years./; It has cost a total of £74,1-10. The length of the basin is 560,feet, the width is 370 feel> and the depth of water at low tido is 19 It is limply sufficient for all tho shipping , trade Kiama is likely to have for many years to y come, and will also .prove serviceable/as a harbour of refuge in stormy weatlier. the banquet the Ministry was specially • ' honoured, and in addition to a few words from \- the bluff old Premier, the - Attorney-General, irf tho Hon. W. B. Dally, made a brilliaufc speech. /•{Itis-vory seldom now that Mr.Dally gives his . // ?",cu^s any disj11 ay of his splendid talents as a ; ^apciikcr, hut ho broke his silence with a ]) thoroughly characteristic speech at Kiama. ■ [i "grejiterpart of it consistod of an utiuck upon his old onemy, Mr. Purkes, whom he ; vivisected once more.. No niaii in tho colony ^• kuowsMr. Parkes' anatomy hotter than Mr. ' ' Dally; and' tho giant has' often winced under j;«:his .deftly-huudled. lancots. At' Kiamu, Mr. H-v'" resurrected"- once moro Mr.Parkcs' Ghost," in vhis happiest style, as it. follows':— ,• ~ r, . - i-. •I■-»r. Gcutlciueu,—Although I bnve: road with eager uud ■grilling interest Mrs. Crowe's "Xlghtsldo1. of .Nature*' (laughter)—a varietj' of warks on dcmoito. logy and witchcraft—(laughter)—and indeed have u ♦: pretty fiur acquaintance with tlio literature ofupptivi. V'i • tions—(laughter)—I lmvo never, tip to-the present «l i xjnne. hud tbo privilege of • visiting Klamai • (Honrs or laughter.) It may scorn to yon that my tovo of "the auporuatural, uud iny svmpnthy with spiritualism, uro uoth faiut enongli when 1 muko this confession— [renewed laughter)—lor at the smallest sacrifice of time and monoy I might at any time, in a flaw hours, hnvo passcd'ouc of the real world of flesh and blood and human passionB into this land of shades and sepulchres. (Laughter and cheers.) Geutlcmou, now that-1 have seen this beautiful country i I ammoro than ever convinced that it is haunted ground—that it is a place of enchantments. (Cheers.) But it is haunted by the spirit of beauty, and its enchantments are tboso of the most perfect loveliness of nature. (Cheers.) Not to be associated with that dismal and dilapidated old Fenian spirit—(laughter)—who .was onco conjured up ia your midst, and who was seut upon a melancholy political mission to be for ever pursued with inextinguishable laughter—(laughter, and cheers)—but to be the homo of all sweet and generous spirits, who brighten nnd ennoble and mako joyous our human lifo; of those beautiful and bene volent' fairies and creations of the elder time, of which tbo great German poet Bpoke so nobly— " The intelligible forms of ancient poets— • , The fair hunianitios of old roligion— Tho power, the beauty, and the majesty ; That had their haunts in dell or piny mountain, . Or forest, by slow stream or pebbly spring." (Cheers.) These are the spirits which should for ever haunt such a witchery ol loveliness as this, iu which • " Kiama slumbers robed with mist, ' • AH glittering in the dewy light." (Cheers.) Living politicians, even though they bo fair, houcst, liberal men, are scarcely in harmony with this trauqull beauty; but ghostly politicians, coming out of their graves to sow dissensions, inspire sus picions and make us all hate one another, ought to he banished eternally frozn this lovely- place. (Cheers and laughter.) In the'same'style of merciless banter, he ridi culed Mr. Partes' habit of corresponding with tho great European politicians. Ho also strongly condemned Mr. Parke's defence of the famous scene with which the debate on Mr. Eitzpatrick's motion of censure both culmin ated and terminated. He then gave his hearers a banquet of figures. The cash balances in the banks at the, credit of; tho Government on the 31st August amounted to £2,431,097 lis. lid. . The rovenuo flourishes more than ever • for during the first eight months of tho present year, it reached tho enormous sum of £3,066^000, which is £573,000 in excess of the corresponding period of 1§75. Of this increase, Customs gave £10,000, railways £54,000, telegraphs £10,000, postage £15,000. £40,000 has been received from conditional purchasers this year over the amount received in the .first eight months of last year. It is expected that 85 miles of additional railways will be opened before the end of tho year. Livestock for year ending March 31, 1876: 57,696 horses, increase, 11,005 ; 3,134,086 horned cattle, increase, 77,387 ; 24,332,536 sheep, increase, 1^509,654. The deposits in the Government Savings' Bank show an increase of about £50,000: in the ITew 8outh "Wales Savings'Bank an increase of about £20,000. He also showed that there was a steady increase in tho business of the Post and Telegraph De partments,'in imports and exports, in shipping, and in general hanking business. It is im possible to grasp these figures without conced ing the unprecedented prosperity which this colony is enjoying. Well might the Premier say that the colony is passing through easy times." ' Last night, tho Ministry were entertained at Kiatna, and the Premier vindicated his land legislation once more; but the particulars have yet to come to hand. Tho : Herald bus been criticising tho alienution of tho pick of Crown lands very rigorously lately, and no doubt Mr. .Robertson has specially replied to . these stric tures. Tho Premier and tho Serald aro "dear enemies." 