_ L U N T A M ; . * TliE GREAT COOLEY INQUEST. MY neighbour William Cooley had a bra- 1 tlier nauied Thomas, who lived at a place called Vandyke, iu New Castle county, Thomas Coolev was. in some respects, "a very STki d He was an invent™^ and during the later years of his life lie de- voted all his time to the work of constructi.15 surprising machines which would never do anting when they were con- 6 , • Dow-n at tlie patent office they got .so at last that when a new model and specifics ti.. is would come along from Cooley, the commissioner and clerks would grant him a pitent on the spot, for they knew, from a ricl. and generous experience, that when Coolev invented anything it was perfectly certain to be unlike any other contrivance ever cou.-eived bv the mmd of fallen man; and thev were iware. at any rate, that nobody "who was sane enough to be at large would ever want to interfere with Cooley's exclusive right to pin together such "a bewildering and useless lot of cranks and an ides and wheels. I think Cooley had about two hundred patents of ; various kinds ; and besides tlie machines and dodges thus protected by law, he owned scores of others which were never heard of in Washington or anywhere else b,,^ ,evta a S of " den" of his own in die garret. He used to shut himself up , this for houm together while he perfeeted his inventions or conducted his cheiuical instigation, His last idea was market, and make the destruction of armies and navies comparatively easy. And so, for a time, Mrs. Cooley, while bustling about in the vicinity of the den, instead of hearing the buzz and hum of wheels and the click of the hammer, would sniff terrific smells, .evolved by tlie irrepressible Cooley from the contents of his laboratory. And one day there came a fearful explosion. The roof was torn off and reduced to splinters, and Thomas Cooley had disappeared. Vandyke, as I have said, is; in New- Castle county. Delaware, but it is also close to the boundary line bet ween Delaware and the counties of Cecil and Kent, in Maryland. And" so it was not surprising when, a few minutes after the explosion, persons in all Sliree of the counties perceived fragments of a demoralised and disintegrated human being tumbling from the air. Tlie pieces of tlie unhappy victim of the disaster were unevenly distributed between New Castle, Cecil, ami Kent. Hie first named got twelve of the fragments. There were persons who thought Cooley might have showed even greater partiality for his own county, but I do not blame him ; he was in a measure controlled by circumstances. I think tlte friends of the coroner complained with greatest bitterness. He was an enthusiastic coroner. He had been known, when one of Dr. Tobias Jones'i; relatives returned from Egypt with a mummy embalmed fifteen hundred years before "the Christian era, to seize that ancient subject of Pharaoh and sutrun6n & jury aud at upon it, and brood over it and think. And it IB rumoured that he pat that jury up to bringing in a verdict, " The death of the deceased ensued from cause or causes unknown, at tlie hands of persons also unknown." His enemies at the next election openly asserted that he charged die county Willi the usual fee, with compound interest from tlie time of Moses. < So of course, whe-u Tliomas Couley went up, he wasn't sorry ; and tlie more C-ooley was scattered over New" Castle county, tlie more serene and affable the coroner felt. When he selected his jury aud looked around trim a little in order to command the situation, he penasired that Cooley had put into his hands a tolerably good tiling. The coroner tipwit tile next three days holding an indued upoit each of the twelve fragments of the deceased. He empanelled a new jury every time, and then proceeded cautiously and deliberately in each case. There was by no means complete unanimity of opinion. The first jaiy decided that" the deceased met his death by being struck by something sudden." The second one advanced the theory that " Thomas Cooley was surreptitiously and insidiously blowed apart." The others threw out suggestions respecting the probability that the trouble came from Cooley's wellknown weakness for flying machines, or from bis being lifted out and cut np by some kind of a hurricane. Once Ihe jury •decided not to bring- in s verdict, but merely to pass resolutions of regret. And the coroner would at there over (lie particular piece of Cooley in question, and smile and pemit these manifestations of generous feeling to havie full play. It didn't perplex him that all the verdicts differed. "Truth," he remarked, to a ! friend, it w«U e,.ougli. But as Cooley is certainly dead, what's the odde if we can't agree as to what killed him? Let as collect our fees and yield with Christian resignation to destiny." It was always iateresticg lo me to hear thai coroner converse upon -the subject of rewgnasion. He would rather have died than to have icsigned while any of the Cooleys were in town inverting e.\pfosjve •compounds. The Cecil county coroner discovered six pieces of the deceased within his jurisdiction, but his pride would not permit him to yield the supremacy in such £ matter to hiB rival ovcr the line. The Hew Castle nan had twelve ifiqnest, and eo would he, with jjiore besides. And hie Juries used to^ooutand consult and-come in after • while with a: majority report, declanng, perhaps, that deceased was killed by fool- , ing with some sort of a gun, and a minority report insisting that he had been murdered and.dissected by a medical studeut or students unknown, And then the coroner would disband tie; inquest aud drum up a fresh jury, which would also disagree, until out of those six fractions of poor old Coolcy the | coroner got thirty-seven deliberations, with tlie attendant fees. Aud every time tlie doctors would testify that post-mortem examinations revealed the fact that die inside of tlie deceased was crammed with fragments of the Latin language, and ilivariably the jurors would sit there and try to look as if they understood those terms, although a dim impression prevailed most of the time that the physicians were indulging recklessly in profa nity. And when a relative of Cooley's testified before the thirty-seventh jury that " Thomas Cooley was a man of marked idiosyncrasies, and his brain was always excited by his irresistible fondness for chimeras of various kinds," the jury looked solemn and immediately brought in a verdict that " death was caused by idiosyncrasies foraiing on his brain in consequence of excessive i mlulgence in chimeras, thus supplying ail awful warning to the youug to refrain from the use of that and other intoxicating beverages." Only two pieces fell in Kent county. but the coroner was animated by even professional enthusiasm tban H.s across ^ He^spent the entire season over as much of Coolcj ' ^ ™uld reach. All hie Junes but <me K l d t v ^ ^ ^ r b u t ^ j" 1 obstinate man named Se^ridge AH the o hers were for ajerd.rt of myste- . noils butchety, but Selfed^ nsisted upon attnbut.ng the disaster to mtro- glyceira. & earnest was he that he fought over tlie i subject with a fellow- jurvman named J ^th; and he held Smjth'dov™ and remonstrated with him, and showed him U.e ®»tter m different l.ghte and bit his iK.se to convince Smith Uiatthenitro-gycenne hypothesis was correct. And wheu he ^as discharged, Selfndge, tnie to his j «>!«»» conxnctions, earned the w into the papers, and pubh^ an ob.taanr Pf™ entittad ' A Monody on tlie Death j of Thomas Cooley, m which he presented | l"s Mews m this fashion : • " \Tlieu Cooley got his glycerine all pro- • perly adjusted. j Qtf knocked it unexpectedly, and suddenly j ;t busted ; when it reached old Tliomas C. he | got up quick and dusted, j And left his wife and family disheartened j an(j disgusted." ^ ^ ^ ^ one rf the bones f die deceased had feUen direcUy across ^ boundarj- me between Cecil and KenU As soon as the fet was reported, the ; kroner of Kent ntUied a jury.upon his ™d ; and *-t - thorities of Kent inused at one end of the hone, tlie jun-men of Cecil reflected at the other end, and the result was that each brought in an entirely different verdict. But they were unanimous on the question of the collection of fees. In all there were thirteen or fourteen conflicting verdicts rendered, and so some uncertainty prevailed as to the precise cause of Cooley's death. Men's minds were unsettled, and* their conclusions were demoralised, in the presence of so much official authority of an indecisive kind. But nobody mourned these differences. They were a a blessing for the people of the counties. Almost every man in the neighbourhood had had a turn at Cooley's remains, and some of them had served on the juries ax or seven timea. The farmers all bought new mowing-machines tbat spring with their fees. The doctors collected more money for poBt-mortem examinations than they would have done in a time of an epidemic of small-pox and sudden death. People fixed up their hou&es; and paid off mortgages aud laid in their pork and started grocery stores and gave hops out of the profits of Cooley's explosion. And there were men w ho cherished a wish that Cooley could be put together again and exploded once a month for the next decade. But that of course was impossible. One day when tlie fide of prosperity was at its height, the widow Cooley perceived a wagon driving up to bar door. Tlie man within tlie vehicle dismounted, and unloaded four pieccs of iron pipe sixty feet long. Presently another wagon arrived, and this driver also unloaded the same quantity of pipe. Then a third driver arrived sad did the same thing. Then a fourth came, and Sim Cooley eaw a man in it with a queer-looking object by him. It proved to be Tliomas Cooley himself. Thomas hsd been up to the city at a- machine-shop getting up a working model of a new land of a patent duplex: elliptic artesian pump ; and flow be was home again. The remains scattered over the counties were—so Cooley said—merely a lot of beef with which he lisd been faying to make a new kind of portable soup and an improved imperishable army sausage ; and ihe e^lotaoo, he thought, must have been caused by spontaneous combustion, Thomas Cooley would have been happy after all. but for one tiling—everybody outside "of his own family refused to recognise him as a living man. If he was willing to more about In tie eommumtv in the character of an unburied corpse, tlie people would agree not to interfere and not to insist upon his burial; bat that was as far as they -could go conscientiously. Their duty to .society, llieir obligations to tiie law, compelled them Jo reject the idea that lie was anything mora than inanimate remains. He was oSeielly dead. The feet had been declared under oath by hundreds «f jurymen, aad it was registered in the records of two States and three counties. The testimony vms «vtrwlielmingly against him. To adroit that he was «tifi alive would be dttngcroufc, it would he rcvolul onaiy. "Hie foundations of society would be ubafcen, the majesty of the law jvotild ssSer insult, ihe fabric of republican government Broald be undermined, fir a being rfio yms legally only a mere cadaver wae to be pcrmittxsd to | strut out into daylight, atid to «"gf ittfrii- • diary theories about ihe condition of Jiist vital spark, nothing -would fee safe ; there would be no guarantee thai the tsemrteries would not unload, and J3itft«3i of the departed would not be «v>wdingr out 'and wanting to vote. Besides, -if at was admitted that Cooley wae yet aSive,^! the money that had been earned by tiie jury, men, all tVieiV tVd J ltd been obargtd In coroners sould havuto be tetwrned to tlie county treasuries. The people wore aghast it the thought Hie cownera -entered into a soienrsi compact to persist m ignoring Coolcj, or to regari "hun merely as an aliBuro 6td rcty uidchcatfi gobiin who had behaved >n & manner wholly unworthy of * ghost with -gsatiemtusly IssUsete. They decUrpd publstSy that ctwld not. admit, that Cooley was alive, unless there should be a g-eneral resurrection in tlie States of Delaware and Maryland, and until that time arrived, they considered that the best thing Gooley could io would be to select a sepulchre' somewhere and creep into it and behave. 