PUBLIBHED DAILY. 'I am In tho place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore tho truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and othor communications intended for In- sertion in tho news columns should be addressod to Tra EDITOR. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every lotter must bo accompanied by tho name and address of tho writer,not necceairlly (or publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected communications canuot be returned under any circumstances whatovor. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested we bave to request that all business communica- tions, including advortisomonta, ordora (or the Eapor, and remittances, bo addressed to WlLüOH and UCEIKKOH, and not to Tus EDITOR. OPERA-HOUSE. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1876. The present opinions of the Opposi- tion in regard to the tariff can scarcely fail to be instructive to the country, and especially to the working classes. Wriggle how they may-and they are, just now, wriggling terribly-the Opposition can- not escape from the dilemma in which they have placed themselves, and each new endeavour only makes matters worse than they were before. For either they did not know that the tariff was bad and hurtful, or they did. If they did not know, after years of experience, what is now so very plain to them, then it must be ad- mitted that they are not the men to manage the fiscal affairs of the colony. They must acknowledge that they were unable to seo what was plain enough to their opponents, and are thus compelled to concede that the freetraders took a more sound view of the effects of the tariff than did the protectionists. On the other hand, if they claim to have known before what they now are so very positive about, then they are open to the charge of having deliberately de- ceived those who trusted them by their declarations that the fiscal system waa a splendid success. At none of the elec- tions which have taken place since Mr. BERRY'S tariff carno into force has any one of the protectionists denounced the tariff, or ventured to affirm that it was doing the least harm to the working classes. The tale has always been the opposite of this, and language suffi- ciently glowing has scarcely been found to do full justice to what the pro- tectionists thought of " the new fiscal " system," and of its author. As to Mr. BERRY himself, ho has been lavish in his praises of his handiwork, and he has taken the credit of being a sort of protectionist father of his country. He, with the rest, must either choose ignorance or deception, for he either did not see, or seeing, did not tell. If the protectionists wero really in earnest, then they were men profoundly ignorant; if they wero not very earnest, indeed, then they must have set themselves to work to deliberately deceive those who put their faith in them, and trusted them as guides, philosophers, and friends. It must be admitted that the situation is not a pleasant one, and it remains to be seen how the much-befooled public will regard it. We can imagine the crackers-up of " the new fiscal system" on the changed platform making a clean sweep of all their former professions. " Electors of Blank," one will say, " when I was before you at the last elec " tion, I told you that the tariff was a " wonderful success, and Ithoughtitwas; " therefore, as I was shortsighted, you " ought to elect me again." Or ono bolder may put the converse of the position, and fairly face the other horn of the dilemma. "Electors," he will cry, "I " cracked up the tariff, it is true, but I " was not fool enough to believe in it. " I only Bwam with the stream ; I neve» " believed duties did not make the taxed " articles dearer. As I was BO clover " then, I ask you to return me now." We do not suppose, of course, that many candidates will have the courage or the candour to put matters quito as plainly as this, but we may venture a prediction that they will in effect say something very like it. The reasons will, no doubt, be various and instructive, but when all is done it will amount to what we have said, because there aro only two courses possible, a confession of ignorance or of deceit. We shall not attempt to guess what view the eleotors will take of their favourite candidates when the confes- sions are made, but as they have believed BO much already, theie appears to ba no difficulty in swallowing a few more assertions. Still, the result must at last weaken the confidence felt in the utterances of publio men, and it is just possible that the working ciaseeB may como to understand that those who pay the most ardent court to them frequently say a groal deal that they do not mean, and talk vory con- fidently about things which they do not in the least understand. This tari- episode is, indeed, full of instruction to all who will take the trouble to learn from it. We have in it another illustration of the truth of what Governor MOBEIS said to JEF FEBSON in 1792, " You know how little " it is to human action whether opinions " be, or be not, well-founded." Here we have the spectacle of the public policy of the country, the policy which greatly mars or makes its progress in wealth and comfort, systematically carried out for years under what may be called false pretences. The confes- sion is now made that the tariff was a blunder, and everybody knew it, yet one section of public men have lauded it to the skies, and have told the working classes that whoever attacked the fiscal system was no friend oE theirs. For years they have not only connived at wrong, but have actually made the wrong a blessing. So far as this was done in ignorance, and we doubt not that ignorance had much, to do with it, these blunderers may be rather pitied than condemned, but they deserve no mercy who now confess that they knew all along that the tariff was a blunder, and yet voted for it, and praised it so long as that seemod to be the way to success. When such confessions as this are made, we need not wonder at either the cost or the inefficiency of our Government, for we may safely infer that what is done in one casa will be done in another, and that betweou ignorance and deceit in public affairs there is not much chance of really good work being accomplished. However, we can now say that we have reached another stage. The great tariff humbug has fairly collapsed, its best friends now repudiate it most heartily, and if this does not teach the people a lesson as to the ways of public men, we are afraid that nothing will teach them. We may hope, however, that experience will not only throw light upon the past, but afford sufficient illuminating power to be a guide for the future. For many years past we have been led to expect some alteration in the law regarding the holding of inquests. Go- vernment after Government, for some reason which we must confess oar inability to understand, has professed to recognise a necessity for a change, but inasmuch as the various proposais have been allowed to drop into the waste paper basket and oblivion, we may reasonably conclude that the public mind has not hitherto been very strongly im- pressed with the urgency of the proposed reforms. Convinced, as we are, that there are very few, if any, human insti- tutions that are not capable of improve- ment, we do not Bay that the coroninl arrangements in Victoria are perfect, and not to be bettered, but it cer- tainly appears to UB that while there are - so many questions of a very important nature awaiting settlement, the amendment of laws which work reasonably well might be deferred to a more convenient season. It always appears to us that in preparing the pro- gramme for the annual session of Par- liament, precedence is not given in all cases to the pressing requirements of the country, but the work to ba done is distributed amongst the various departments, care being taken that no Minister shall be overburdened. While the public is suffering in health and convenience, owing to the want of a metropolitan board of health charged with the drainage and general manage- ment of the metropolis and sur- rounding districts, surely there is no necessity to press a number of compara- tively petty details on the attention of Parliament. It may be said, of course, that this reform of the law relating to inquests ia necessary, with a view to the economical working of the public service, and, certainly, if we saw any chance of its conducing to this end, we should at once admit that the bill submitted ia a measure which ought to receive immediate consideration. But for reasons which will presently appear, we doubt whether it will effect any sen- sible saving in the state expenditure, and therefore we think it might have been held over until more usoful legis- lation had been attended to. However, the existing M'Culloch Ministry has not thought it well to be out of tho fashion, and consequently a bill to deal with the Bubject was brought in on Wednesday evening by Dr. MADDEN and Mr. KERFERD, and read a first time. No one can possibly com- plain that it is not sufficiently sweeping in its operation. The second clause clears away the two acts under which inquiries are at present conducted, while the third abolishes the omeo of coroner altogether. Having thus cleared the ground, the bill in the next sec- tion proceeds as follows :-" Every " police magistrate, or in the absence " of any police magistrate, any two jua " tices, shall havo jurisdiction to in " quiro concerning the manner of " the death of any person who is Blain " or drowned, or who dies suddenly! " or in prison, or while detained in any " lunatic asylum, and whose body shall " be lying dead within the jurisdiction " in which such police magistrate " or justices shall be acting for tho tima " being, and (subject to the provisions " hereinafter mentioned) to inquire into " the cause and origin of any fire " whereby any building, ship, or nier " chandise, or any stack of corn, pulae, " or hay, or any growing orop within " such district, shall bo destroyed or "damaged;" and goes on to givo full powers to the gentlemen or gentleman in quiringintoeitherof the mattersspeeißed, to order anyone against whom a prima facie case is made out into custody, to discharge persons accused or send them for trial, and to commit for contempt. So far, with the excep- tion of substituting police magistrates and justices of the peace for coroners, we meet with no novelty, but the sixth section proposes to introduce a practica which has not yet been tried in this colony : "When from any cause whatsoever an inqneet cannot be held by reason of the Inability of a police magistrate or justices to attend to hold such inquest, then such inquest may be held by any person who may be directed to hold the same by the Minister ot the Crown for the time being administering this act ... . And such person BO directed to hold noch Inquest shall for that purpose have and enjoy all the like jurisdiction and privileges as a police magis- trate or justices wonld have had." This proviso, and that empowering or- dinary justices of the peace to act, are all the more important when we consider that there is a further proposal to do away with juries at all these in- quiries. " It shall not be necessary," says the seventh clause, " that any in " quest or inquiry shall be taken or Uimade by a jury unless the Minister Vrjihall so direct." We would point out with regard to this arrange- ment, that while as a rule it might be perfectly safe to abolish juries at inquiries held before experienced police magistrates or coroners, it would be rather a dangerous experiment to dispense with their presence at inques" presided over by justices of the peace, some of whom, while unable to do more than write their names, might be capable of a passionato attachment to the particular " John, Pat, or Sandy" under suspicion, or any indefinite person "directed to hold the same by the " Minister of the Crown for the time " being administering this act." There are only one or two points in this measure to which we wish to direct attention at present. In the first place-would anything bo gained by abolishing the office of coroner alto- gether! We think not. It is an office with which English people are familiar, and one which they have been taught to consider neces sary to the well being of society. Io the large centres of population, the police magistrates and coroners are all fully employed, and seeing that the public would never bo content to have important and intricate cases in- vestigated before political justices of the peace or some protégé of the Minister, the only practical result of doing away with the coroners in Mel- bourne, and other thickly populated districts, would be the inevitable ap- pointment of additional stipendiary magistrates. Of course the coroners at present holding office, some of whom have been in the Government service for many years, would have an undeniable claim to the new posts, but we submit that a change of title would not diminish their cost to the country. It appears to ÜB that the better way would be to retain both police magistrates and coroners wherever there is work for them to do, as it is desirable to have experts in both capacities. In sparsely populated places we cannot afford these refinements, and to them a more elastic system must necessarily be applied. The Govern- ment, however, would do well to bear in mind that inquests held before honorary justices or amateur coroners are not likely to prove generally satisfactory ; and therefore they should not be more numerous than a judicious economy requires. We object, for many reasons, to the abolition of juriesr They not only keep a check upon the pre- siding officer, but are very frequently able to throw considerable light upon the Bubject under investigation. They serve, moreover, to quiet people's minds, and to assure the public that neither one- sided views nor judicial partiality have had anything to do with the decisions arrived at. We cannot, for these and some other reasons, regard the Govern- ment bill with favour. Tho quarterly abstract of population, published yesterday, shows but a small increase. The births number 6,853, and, as UBual, a larger percentage of boys came into the world than of girls. The excess of male arrivals was 447. But, unfortu- nately, the death-rate presses more heavily upon males than females, as it always does, and 531 more males died than females, so that, on the wholo, wo are left with more of the softer than of the sterner sex on our bands. This is the unvarying talo, and indeed any other view of the situation would be incom- patible with many social phenomena, such as the Bcarcity of partners for the ladies In a ballroom, and the ad- mitted lack of eligible young men in the matrimonial market. The deaths numbered 3,795, the increase by births thus being 3,058. The arrivals by sea were 8,259 persons, and the departures 7,809, so that practically immigration has stopped, and we have but to deal with the ordinary travelling population between the colony and the outer world. The balance in our favour of GG9 souls would be materially decreased, if it were not swept away, were note taken of the departures across the border, for the Kiverina papers continue to report a steady exodus from Victoria. The net gain from all sources for the quarter is 3,727 souls, and the total population is estimated at 829,284, and at the present rate we have to look forward more than 12 years, until we are near to the far away 1890 A.D., before Victoria can be expeoted to boast of her million of in- habitants. A vigorous immigration policy. Buch as Now South Wales is Initiating and such as Queensland or New Zealand has, would give us tho million before 1880 arrivos, and with benefit to nil concerned. Yesterday was the last day on which electors could register their names before the completion of the rolls for the next general election, and, consequently, there was a general rush to the offices of the different electoral registrars to take ont electors' rights. In the different electoral divisions of Melbourne and the suburbs, particularly as night approached, there was a very large inilnx of applicants, and the general desire to obtain the necessary qualification to vote showed that the eriBuittg elections are looked forward to with more than ordinary interest. Byinquiryatthedifferent registrars' offices we ore glad to learn that the daily publication in The Argus for some time past of the names and addresses of the different registrars has pioved very efficacious in attaining the object in view-that of inducing the eleotors in the different parts of Melbourno and the Buburba to take out their rights in time. As the different offices were kept open last night very late, some of them to mid- night, of course it is impossible this morning to publish the complete numbers of electors' rights taken out since the supple- mentary rolls were made up in Mm oh last, but there is no doubt that the roll now being propared will show a very large increase in the voting power ot the different districts -his will be seen by a few approximate »umbers which we were able to obtain last aright. In the Hotham division of the North Melbourne electorate, for instance, the num. 1er of electors for the Assembly last year was as follows :-Ratepaying electors, 013; general roll, 07 ; supplementary roll of March, 59 addi. tional, making a total of 1,009. For the present sear the roll for th_ division of the electorate will number over 1,140, In the other parts of this electorate a corresponding increase lias taken place, that in the Royal-park divi- sion being even greater. The University division numbers now over 000 electors, being on inórense o! over 60 since Marah. lu tile St Kilda electorate over 100 electors' tights have been taken out, nearly all within the last few days. The East Melbourne eleotoral roll will also show a large increase, the Eastern, hill division being now estimated at 1,235 electors, and the St Paul's division at 1413\. In the electorate ot Collingwood, at the durèrent registrara' office 3, the greatest activity has been shown during the last few dayH in taking out right», and the proteo, tionist party were particularly prominent in this respect, the Bitting members and their friends being especially urgent in inducing persons to obtain the necessary qualification to vote. At Richmond there has not been so much interest taken in the matter as ia most of the other suburban electorates, but the electoral roll of this constituency has been steadily increasing for some time past, and within tho last few days a considerable number of electors' rights has been issued. Emerald-hill, it is expected will show a very large increase, as up to yesterday evening over 380 new electors' rights had been obtained from the local registrar. Altogether, it is expected that the ' result of the new roll will show a consider- able increase in the number of electors. The following ¡a the division-list taken at i a.m. on Thursday last on the question that clause 2 of the Local Government Act Amendment Bill be retained :-Ayes Messrs. Bent, Burrowes, Campbell, Connor, Cook, Crews, Fincham, W. Fraser, Hopkins, Jones, Kerferd, Kernot, Langridge, Look, Longmore, Macpherson, Dr. Madden, Sir J. M'Cullocb,M'Lellan, Mirams, Moore, Parves, Ramsay, G. V. Smith, R. M. Smith, W. C. Smith, Stewart, and Woods, Noes- Messrs. Cameron, W. Clarke, Garratt, Godfrey, Hanna, Johnstone, Lalor, Langton, Levien, Walker, Witt, and Young. Ayes, 28 ; noes, 12; majority for the clause, 16. The last of the returns for the South Fro. vince-that of Bylands-was received yester- day. The following are the numbers : Bennett, 3 ; Buchanan, 7 ; O'Brien, 9. The total votes polled by the different candidates are as follow ¡-Bennett, 671 ; Buchanan, 750 j O'Brien, 480. Mr. Buchanan half thus a majority of 79 over Mr. Bennett. We understand that there is a probability of the validity of the election for the South Province being called in question. It is alleged that at some of the polling-places electoral rolls of the wrong date were used, and it is contended that the election is there- fore void. The Bendigo Evening News of lost night says :-" We have seen a telegram received to-day from Mr. W. J. Clarke, of Sunbury, stating that he regrets his inability to stand aa a candidate for the vacant Beat ia the North-Westeni Province ; so that Mr. Alex- ander Fraser will probably be re-elected for this district without opposition." The report of the board which investigated the charges made against the management of the aboriginal station at Coranderrk is pub- lished in another column. The board find that the charges generally were not sustained, though they regret that in the case of Jessie Govett the superintendent did not send a mounted messenger for the doctor at once, instead of writing. Mr. Cameron, M.L.A., while signing the roport, has sent in an ad- dendum, in which he expresses the opinion that the local and general management ia bad, giving OB his reason for coming to this conclusion that the aborigines did not give ovidence such as he would seem to have anti- cipated, because of their timidity and stub* hornneBB in the presence of white men. The results of the matriculation examina- tion held on the 17th, 18tb, and 19th of last month will be posted to-day, at 11 o'clock. We learn that there is a probability of the understanding; which has for some time existed amongst the banks here coming to an end in consequence of the Bank of New South Wales requiring certain alterations to be adopted at the Banks' Clearinghouse, more especially in regard to bills, and other minor matters. The bank referred to has already given notice of withdrawal on Tues- day next, but has been requested to refrain from immediate action, in order, welpresume to allow the matter to be farther considered after the departure of the mail. We may add that the matters in dispute only relate to the method of transacting business at the clearing-house, but if no agreement is come to on this point, the whole agreement be. tween the banks will probably be termi- nated. A pleasure excursion of a very agreeable character was given yesterday by Mr. Franklin R, Kendall, the agent of the P. and 0\. Company, who invited a large number of friends to join in a trip down the bay in the R.M.S.S. Assam. There were over 300 visitors, including Bis Excellency the Go- vernor, and representatives of the mer- cantile, professional, and other sections of the community. The Chief Secretory, Attorney-General, and Postmaster-General were the members of the Ministry present. A Bpecial train left the Spencer-Btreet station at half-paBt 12 o'clock, and reached the Wil- liamstown pier shortly after 1 o'clock. The guests were welcomed on board the Assam by Mr, Kendall, and immediately after- wards a Btait was made. The Assam is a magnificent vessel, the largest of the P. and O. Company's fleet which has yet visited this port. She is highly finished in all respects, and the visitors were greatly in- terested in inspecting her internal arrange- ments. We gave a description of the vessel on her arrival a fortnight back, so that it ia unnecessary now to recapitulate the par- ticulars, but we may mention that her length ia 351ft. 3in.; her beam, 39(t. ila.; and her measurement 3,033 tons. She ia commanded by Captain George Cotes, but during the trip yesterday Pilot Reid was in charge. The Assam steamed down the South Channel to the lightship at three quarters speed. At tho start the weather waa squally, but afterwards it cleared up, and the sun alione out brightly. The guests were very hospitably entertained on board. An excellent luncheon was given in the grand saloon, a fino apartment of 100ft, in length by 18ft, in width, and elegantly fitted up. Very wisely all speechmaking was avoided, and there was an absence of cere- mony, which rendered the excursion highly pleasurable. Chapman's band played daring the trip. The return journey was mado at full speed, and the Assam reached the pier before G o'clock, another sharp squall winding up the journey. An unfortunate accident occurred in bringing the vessel alongside the pier, whereby considerable damage was occasioned. The speed of the ship was not Blackened soon enough, and the vessel having too great way on hor carne sharply into collision with the stone wall at the end of the pier. The stem of the steamer was stove in to some extent, and some of the iron plates on the port side were started. The damage was roughly estimated ut about £100. It is hoped that this accident will not delay the departure of the steamer. This was the only thing which in any way marred the enjoyment of the day. Immediately after the accident the Assam was taken into the dock, but it was not deemed necessary to pump the water out then. This will be done at daylight this morning, when it will bo seen what is the precise injury the vessel has sustained. Judgment was given by the Supreme Court yesterday in the suit of Slack v. Atkinson. The plaintiff, Mr. J, B. Slack, purchased from the assignee of the estate of a man named Cavenagh the latter's interest in some pro- perty at Emerald-hill. Over this property there had been certain mortgages, the holder of the last mortgage being the defend- ant Atkinson. Slack instituted a suit claim- ing to redeem the mortgage on the property. The defendant denied Slack's right to re- deem as purchaser of Cavenagh's interest, and also claimed to be allowed, if accounts were taken, for money expended on improving the property. Mr, Justice Molesworth held that Slack could redeem the property, and dis- allowed the greater portion of the defend- ant's claim for improvements. The defend- ant appealed, and the full Court held yesterday that Atkinson was entitled to the value of the substantial improvements he had made. Mr. Slack had another case in the Supreme Court yesterday, in which an application was made to remove a caveat he had lodged in the Titles office against the issue of a certifi- cate of title to W. H. Winder for some land to which Mr. Slack lays claim. The case was called on shortly after the judgment was given in Slack v. Atkinson, and Mr. Slack, in speaking to it, appeared to be rather excited. First of all, referring to Mr. Justice Fellows, he said, "I have had too much of your administration of justice, and I wish you to explain your position of the 10th day of July, 1874." The Chief Justice interrupted by asking Mr. Slack to proceed with his argu- ment Mr. Slack.-"I ask his Honour Mr. Justice Fellows, before he retires from the bench-." The Chief Justice.-"He has no intention of retiring from the bench, I hope." Mr. Slack. - " He has taken the objection himself that he was en- gaged in the case before, and Mr. Justice Stephen has been in the same position." Mr. Justice Fellows interposed that he could not understand what was meant. He did not know that he had ever been in the case. Mr. Slack said that his Honour had once refused to act; and he added, "Ever since then you have been shooting into my pocket contrary to law." The Chief Justice. -"We cannot allow you to talk that way. You must conduct yourself properly. If any of the judges has been engaged in the case while at the bar, he will not interfere in the discussion." Mr. Justice Fellows said that he did not remember anything about the case, Mr, Slack.-"You know Slack v. Winder?" Mr. Justice Fellows,-" Yes, certainly." Mr. Slack.-"You were engaged on both sides in that case - your fee-book will show it. I want you to explain-." The Chief Justice. "No, no, state your case. We don't know anything about it at present." Mr. Slack then asked for certain books from the library, and while they were being obtained for him the Chief Justice said the case would be placed at the bottom of the list, and would then be heard. It was subsequently arranged that the case should be taken on Wednesday next, and that it should be put on the list for that day. In the action of Flannagan v. Mate, the defendant, who is a storekeeper in New South Wales, was sued by Mr, J. Flannagan, architect, for his commission for preparing plans for a store at Albury. The defence was that there had been an agreement that the cost of the building should not exceed £4,000 ; that it would bave cost more than that sum to erect the structure ; and therefore that the plaintiff was not entitled to any commission. The plain- tiff denied that there had been any agree- ment as to the cost of the building, and said that he only received general instruc- tions as to the site and the style of building, and that nothing was said as to the cost At the trial the jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff, but defendant naked for a new trial on the ground of misdirection on the part of the judge who tried the casein telling the jury that the plaintiff was entitled to recover nnless it was a condition of the contract that plaintiff was not to be paid in the event of its being found that the building could not be erected for £4000, It was argued for the defendant that the question put to the jury should have been whether the plaintiff's or the defendant's evidence was correct The Court held yesterday that there ought to be a new trial, as the defendant's view of the manner in which the question should have been put to the jury was the correct one. The following statement shows the finan« cial condition of the Supreme Court Library on the 1st September ¡-Receipts-Balance first day of Trinity Term, £283 18s. 4d ; bar- risters' feeB, £105 ; attorneys' fees, £120 ; articled clerks, £2 2s.; examination foes, £36 16B.; sundries, 40 7s. Cd.; total, £506 2s. Ex- penditure-Librarian, £54 3s. 4d. ; books, £72. 13s. 3d.; binding, £5715s.¡ sundries, £21817s. Id.; balance first day of Michaelmas term1, 1870, £192 14s. 2d,; total, £590 2a. lOd. Number of volumes in Library on first day of Trinity term, 12,344 ; since added (including Circuit Courts), 187 ; total, 12,531. The following "general order" has been issued from Head-quarters :-" With refer- ence to a recently issued memorandum from the Horse Guards, relative to a new system of infantry attack, the officer commanding the forces directs that no experiments thereon, or changes in the present drill, will be made in the local forces ' until duly ordered. 2. It will only be after'receipt of the exact details, and probably of a new edition of the Field Exercise Book, that the officer commanding the forces will be able to determine to what extent the limited oppor- tunities possessed by the force for daylight training will admit ot alterations in the pre- sent drU." It has been notified from Head-quarters, J tbat officers of the Volunteer force attending the ball given by His Excellency the Governor, on the 7th inst, in celebration of Her Ma- jesty's birthday, are expected to appear in uniform "leveedress." The Becond quarterly meeting of Chalmers' Church congregation was held on the evening of the 30th ult The treasurer, Mr. Sharp, read the financial statement, and congratu- lated the meeting on the prosperous state of the congregation, in that, notwithstanding the heavy additional expenses of bringing out the present poBtor, Mr. Beattie, together with extensive repairs to manse and church, the debt was something less than £200. This debt, he assured the meeting, could be easily paid off by the end of the year if the congregation would only double their Sunday contributions. The necessity for a room other than the church itself, which could be used for a Sunday school and for congregational meetings, was strongly urged by several members. The moat important subject was brought forward by Mr. Balfour, who threw out the idea that it would be well to sell the present church grounds and build a new church in a more central position, and a committee was ap- pointed to consider this subject and report to a meeting to be called in about a month's time. The choir sang some music, which was much appreciated. The ordinary monthly meeting of the com- mittee of the Blind Asylum was held at the Assembly-ball, yesterday afternoon. Mr. Hodgson presided, and the other members present wore Messrs. Wilson, Benson, Ball, and W. G. Marsh. The house commit- tee's report Btated that the health of the inmates generally was good. An application bad been received from Mrs. Cameron, asking for permission to read to the inmates, and give religious instruction to those of the Presbyterian religion. A resident male teacher and roBident female pupil teacher had been engaged on probation, aud were now performing their duties. The accounts re- commended for payment by the House Com- mittee amounted to £304 9s. 7d. The sub- scriptions for August amounted to £110 2s., the total receipts for the month being £212 17s. 9d. The report was adopted, the con- sideration of the application of Mrs. Cameron being postponed until next meeting. A letter was received from the Right Rev. Dr. Thorn to J, bishopof Ballarat,inquiring from the hon. secretary whother any organised efforts for the itinerant teaching of the blind had been at tempted in this colony Bach as were carried on in Cornwall, and in Wales. The bon. secretary had sent a letter in reply, stating that no such attempt bad been made in Victoria, and ex pressing bis opinion that such efforts would not be necessary here, as the Blind Asylum was open to all blind persons. The reply of the secretary was approved of. The debit balance was reported at £1,256 4s. 2d. After the transaction of some routine business the meeting closed. There was a good deal of speculation yes- terday evening on the Randwick Derby. The Chrysolite colt was firm at even money, but very little business was done about him. The Cardinal was fairly supported at 3 to 1, I and Tocal had some money put on him at G to 1. Sovereign came a little into favour, and was baoked at 5 to 1, For the Metro- politan IriBh Stew was in great request, and 5 to 1 waa the beat price offered against him. Nemesis was at G to 1, and Wrangler had a littlo support at 100 to 15, Newminster was ! quoted at tho latter price for the V.R.C. Derby, "The sub-committee of the Victoria Coursing ! Club, appointed to inquire generally into the truth or otherwise of certain statements rela- tive to'the late Waterloo Meeting, held lits first meeting yesterday. Mr, Joseph Clark» cccupied the, chair. The secretary was in- structed to invite certain persons, who are known to have hinted at unfair play in the judging and management, to come forward and give evidence before the sub-committee. In order that full publicity shall be given to the matter, the sub committee have decided that their meetings shall be open to the press. The annual meeting of the Municipal Ser- vice Association was held at the Atlion.cum last evening. The president, Mr. Thomas Haynes, was in the chair. The business consisted of the adoption of the annual report and the election of the executive officers for the ensuing year. The dec tion resulted as follows :-President, Mr. G. F. Smith, of Williamstown ; vice-presidents, Messrs. E. Clark, of Sandridge ; J. Dalton, of Stawell, and D. J. Howes, of Bolfast ; com- mittee, Messrs. H, Loxton, Thos. Haynes, C. E. Randall, J. Toon, and Geo. Sprigg, Mr. Thomas Gardner was re-elected honorary secretary and treasurer, and a special vote of thanks was passed to him for his valuable services in the past. ' Messrs. Brown and Buchanan, of the Shire of Wimmera, were elected members of the association, and the meeting closed. The usual monthly meeting of the direc- tora of the Victorian Humane Society was held at the Town-hall yesterday afternoon, Mr. Wilks presiding. It waa stated that the subscriptions obtained by the colleotor during the month of August amounted to £10 17B. Some discussion took place, relative to the action taken by Mr. Knipe in refusing to carry out his pro- mise to defray the greater portion of the cost of altering the society's medal In ac- cordance with the desire of the directors, Mr. Knipe attended to explain his apparent discourtesy in returning the letter seat to him on the subject by the hon. secretary with a curt intimation that he would not subscribe now. He stated that, having met the secre- tary in the street on the day of the meeting, he told him the circumstances connected with the matter, and informed him that he would write a letter of explanation to the directors. Mr. Stewart said there waa no necessity for that, but to simply intimate briefly that he would not defray the cost, and that he (Mr. Ellis Stewart) would explain the circumstances. Mr, Knipe further explained that he had promised to defray the cost of the medal on the understanding that a design submitted by him would be adopted, the cast of which would not exceed £24. After some desultory discussion, the chairman moved that the secretary be instructed to have the society's metal altered, in conformity with the design furnished by Mr, Turner, at a coat not to exceed £50. The motion was seconded by Mr. Garrat, and agreed to. Mr, Knipe promised that, although he would not hold himself responsible in the matter, he would do his best towards raising funds to carry out the object. A Bub-committee was appointed to look after the matter. A letter was received from Sir Samuel Wilson acknowledging the honour done him by electing him a vice-president of the associa- tion, and forwarding a cheque for £10 towards the society's funds. In accordance with the ruleB, the donor waa elected a life member of the society. The meeting, after transacting some routine business, closed. According to the returns of the Govern ment statist, published in the Government Gazette, the population o! the colony on the 30th June last waa estimated at 829,284, During the quarter the gain to the popula- tion by excess of births over deaths was 3,058, viz., 1,437 males and 1,621 females ; that by excess of arrivals over departures (by see) was COO, viz., G29 males and 40 females. The total gain was thus 3,727, viz., 2,000 males and 1.C01 females. No account is kop t of the arrivals and departures overland, There were 141 births and CO deaths re. giBtered in Melbourne and the suburbs during the week ending August 26. Five of the deaths were from scarlet fever. In the Government Gazette of last night is published the copy of a declaration made at Rome on the 22nd May, prolonging the dura* tion of the treaty of commerce between Her Majesty and the King of Italy until the 30th April, 1877. The prospectus of the Australian Wine Cellarage and Agency Company appears ia our advertising columns. It is intended by the company to construct cellars at Rich- mond for the storage of Victorian wines, so that they may be properly prepared for ex- portation. The cellars to be built will be capable of containing 28,000hhd. of wine. Advances will be made on wines stored by the company, and it is proposed to establish a branch in London for the purpose of in- troducing Australian wines into that market. The capital of the company ia £100,000, ia 20,000 shares of £5 each. A deputation from the Hawthorn Borough Council waited yesterday upon the Com- missioner of Public Works to ask that the reticulation of a number of streets in the borough to which the mains had not yet been extended should be proceeded with as speedily as possible. It was stated that a promise had been made by the department to carry out this work, and it waa also urged that there would be a return of fully 7 per cent, upon the outlay. Mr. Jones said that whon the department had dealt with the tenders for the reticulation pipes he hoped to be in a position to supply water to all the streets in the borough that had been raised to their permanent level, and where it was proved there would be a fair return of interest on the expenditure. The deputation then thanked tho Minister and withdrew. A draft of pure the herd of Mr. Joel Horwood, of Bridge water-park, was shipped on board tho s.S. Aldinga, for Adelaide, yesterday. These cattle are to be offered for sale in Adelaide the day after the show, which will be held on the 7th inst. Of the bulls, two aro pedigree animals by Duke of Melbourne, one from Musical, the other from Musical 2nd. The other bull is from a pure shorthorn cow brod by Mr. Wm. Degraves. There aro nine heifers. RoBa's Duchess ia a very handsome rich roan heifer by Duke of Melbourne from Matilda's Rosa. Wild Eyes Duohoas 3rd by the samo siro from Wild Eyes. She has a very beautiful head, and is a most taking heifer. The other heifers are from pure shorthorn cowa bred by Mr. William De- graves from high-class imported stock, though the pedigrees have not been strictly preserved. At the Board of Land and Works yester- day the following were announced aa the lowest tenders for the supply of the under- mentioned material and construction of works in connexion with the Coliban Water Supply :-About 1,400 casks of Portland cement, Henry P. Welch and Co., £1,2410s. lOd. Excavation and construction ot cal- verts on Coliban main channel, Wm. Monto, £2,744 12s. Carriage of pipes from Elphin, stone to Satton-grange, James Thorpe, £115 3s. Supply of about 44 tons of ISin, oast iron pipes and special castings, John Blyth and Co., £504 14s. lOd. Supply of pig load iron, M'Ewan and Co., £926 5s. Excavation for settling ponds at Lovely Banks, John Gaghan, £20$ Gs. The tenders for the supply of about 212 tons 3in. and 4in. cast-iron water pipes, also valves and water plugs, were referred to the engineer-in-chiei for report The Melbourne Goneral Sessions for this month were commenced in the County Court yesterday, before J. J. B. Bowman, Esq., chairman, and Mr. J. Prince. Edward Nolan, who pleaded guilty to larceny, and Frederick Stubbs, who pleaded guilty to uttering a forged oheque, were remanded for sentence, Patrick O'Neil, a very old offender, was convicted of feloniously utter, ing a forged oheque, and was sentenced to imprisonment for fivo years. Miohael Fitz- gerald, a youth, waa tried on the charge cf stealing the hide of a heifer, which he waa said to have killed, and waa acquitted. The Court then adjourned until to-day. Four boys and girls named Albert, Thomas, Mary, and Frances Davis, ranging from 10 months to 11 years of age, were brought before the City Bench yesterday, charged with being neglected children. Formerly their father was a shoemaker, in Fitzroy, earning about £3 per week. Some time ago he drove his wife away from their home, and took another woman in her place. Sub- sequently he abaconded to Sydney with his paramour, and his wife had to find employ- ment for herself os a wet-nurse, while their children had to be sent to the Industrial Schools. Out of her scanty earnings, Mrs. Davis paid about £1C on her children's behalf te the authorities of the Industrial Schools, and in course of timo she was able to provide a new home for herself and children. The husband soon after returned from Sydney, and again compelled his wife to leave her home and take a situation, while he took possession of her furniture and the children. Mrs. Davis then obtained an order from the local Bench against her husband for maintenance, but the latter immediately afterwards sold all the furniture in the house and disappeared, leaving the children in the empty rooms. A warrant has been issued for bis arrest, but it is feared that he has al- ready sailed, either for South Australia or New Zealand. Mr. Sturt wished to remand the children for a week, until it might bo seen if tho father could be found, but as in that CUBO they would have had to bo sent to the gaol, since there is now no receiving house for such children in Melbourne, he was obliged to commit the two girls to the schools at Abbotsford, and the boys to the training ship. Dr. Neild made a post-mortem examination yesterday of the bodies of the two children which were found in the closet of the waiting room at the Hobson's Bay Railway Station, and found that both had been prematurely bom. One had breathed a little, and the other not at all. There were no marks of violence about their heads, as was at first re- ported. An official inspection of the Emerald-hill Artillery took place last evening at tho Orderly-room, when the corps was under the command of Captain Cowper, the officers present being Captains TwycrosB and Alex- ander, and Lieutenant Brown. The parade state showed that there were also presentseven sergeants and 74 gunners. The inspecting officer was Lieutenant-Colonel Lemarchand, who was accompanied by Lieutenant Foote. The arms and accoutrements of thd men were first inspected, and then they were exercised at the heavy guns. Subsequently they were put through a series of company movements by Captain Twycross, and the manual and firing exercise by Lieutenant Brown. At the close of the inspection, Lieutenant-Colonel Le- marchand expressed himself greatly pleased at the appearance of the men, and also at the manner in which they had gono through their drill. After the inspecting officers bad left the room, Captain Cowper, on behalf of the corps, presented Mr. Duncan M 'Hutchison, an old memberof the corps, with three very handsomely bound volumes apon his retirement from the volunteer force, after 17 years' service. The volamos consisted of The Wilkie Gallery and the History of Scot- land. Captain Twycross, the hon. Beere tary of the sub-committee appointed to make the presentation, read a lengthy and very flat- tering address, which, after expressing the regret felt by the members of the corps at the retirement of Mr. M'Hutchison, stated that during 17 years' service it had been the pleasure of his comrades to have found in bim the type of the most valu- able class of man any military body might hope to obtain. He had excelled as on attendant at drill and had always set his younger comrades the example of the utmost attention to whatever duty had been entrusted to bim. Both as an artilleryman be bad been one of tho most competent men the Emerald-hill or any other corps could boast of, and, in fact, as a riileman they could say that the colony did not contain a better shot with the military weapon. He bad won the Marksman's Badge for 13 con- sécutive years; in 1865, Colonel Anderson's Cup, after competition with the best Bhots ia the colony ; the N.R.A. medal in 1867 and 1870; his name had always been in the Victorian team at the several Intercolonial Military Weapon Matches ; and twice be bad taken first place in the score-list of that match. In addition to these achievements, numerous other matches were mentioned in which he had secured the first prize, and in support of these statements on a table in the room was arranged a large assortment of plate which bad been won by Mr. M'Hutchison during bia long career as one of the shooting-men of the colony. Mr. M'Hutchison, in a feeling reply, thanked his old comrades for the kindly mark of their esteem, and stated that be should always feel a pleasure in meeting his old friends, and advancing as far as lay in his power the interest« of the corps. After bidding bim farewell as a volunteer, the corps was dismissed. A football match was played yesterday, on the St, Kilda ground, between the Church of England Grammar School boys and those of Wesley College. The game resulted, as was expected, in a decided victory for the former. The Wesley team, which for several seasons past has been by far the lightest of any of the public school teams, began play pluckily, in spite of a strong wind blow- ing through their goal-posts, and for a good while struggled successfully against wind and weight. But after two or three goals had been kicked against them, they seemed to lose heart, and did not play up to their usual form. During the interval the wind lulled, and soon after play was resumed a heavy shower fell for 20 minutes, making the ground very slippery. From this time to the end, the Grammar School boys had the game all their own way. All played well, kicking and marking in fine style. The splendid runs of Ross and the excellent kicking of Walker deserve special praise. F. Stephens (captain), S. Stephens, and Arness also distinguished themselves. Moody, the captain of the Wesley boys, played in his usual excellent and effective way, and was ably seconded by the cool and yet vigorous play of Oakley and Fraser. E. Darlot showed some good back play. Six goals were kicked by the Grammar School boys- Walker two, H. Smith one, Arness one. Riddle one, and Chambers one. The movement of tree-planting about Mel- bourne has extended to Hotham, The Church of England reserve, in front of St. Mary's Church and parsonage, has been fenced and planted with a quantity of young trees, viz,, elms, pinus insignis, and pittos- porum eugenoides alternated. The dead body of a woman whose name is unknown was found floating in the Yarra at the Queen's Wharf, about half-past 1 yester- day, by a ferryman named Hugh Patterson. It was removed to the morgue, where it now lies awaiting identification and inquest. The body, which appeared to have been ia the water for 10 or 12 days, is described as fol- lows :-About 30 years of age, 5ft. 2in, or 3in. in height, fair complexion, brown hair; dressed in brown wincey jacket, black lustre dress, brown holland apron, white calico jacket, and ring on fourth finger of left hand. There are no marks of violence. William Gordon, teacher, residing in Ross street, South Yarra, the young man who was arrested by the Prahran police for attempting to enter Mrs. Tripp's ladies' seminary, in Wil- liams-road, on Wednesday night, was brought up at the local police court yesterday, charged with having been unlawfully on the premises in question. Sergeant Parkinson stated that the prisoner was discovered in the act of raising the window of a room in which five or six young ladies were sleeping. A little girl, who was startled by the noise made at the win- dow, raised an alarm, and the prisoner, who was without his coat, hat, and boots, ran round the verandah, jumped to the ground and disappeared. A search of the ground resulted in a coat, hat, pair of shoes, and an umbrella being found at the foot of one of the verandah pillars. Senior-constable M'Donald arrested the prisoner, who ad- mitted having lost the articles found on Mrs. Tripp's premises, but stated that he did not remember how they had got there. He had been Identified by several of the young ladies as the intruder. At the request of Sergeant Parkinson the Bench remanded the prisoner until Monday next, and as he could not obtain bail he was conveyed to the Melbourne Gaol. Some ova trout received recently from Hobart Town for the Geelong Fish Acclimati- sation Society, and placed in the fish-ponds at the Botanical- gardens, are being rapidly hatched. Only 11 have died since their arrival. A case lately heard in the County Court, Geelong, Maxwell v. Bayldon, in which the plaintiff sued for £68 6s. 11d., but admitted several amounts as a sot- off, was referred for arbitration to Mr. Bunnett, clerk of the court, who gave his decision yesterday, disallowing an item of £60, leaving a balance in favour of defendant of £86s. 11d., with costs against the plaintiff of £14 3s. 6d. By the B.B. Alhambra we have New Zealand intelligence to August 25. In the reconstruc- tion of the Ministry the Wellington corre* spondent of the Otago Daily Times states that the following changes will be made : " Mr. Stafford, Premier ; Mr. Ormond, Native Minister, Sir D. M'Lean retiring; Mr. Stevens, Treasurer. Mr. D. Reid is to be offered the position of Minister of Publio Wotka, Mr. Richardson retiring." The de- bate on Sir George Grey's resolution for the separation of the two islands waa finished on Wednesday night, August 16, with the following result :-For separation, 32 ; against, 47, Nearly all the Canterbury members voted against séparation, Auckland and Otago forit. Next night in the House of Representatives a scene, during which very strong language WBB used, oroBe ont of the introduction by a Canterbury member of a bill to regulate the disposal of pastoral leases in that provinca. Différences of opinion exist as to the name of a large schooner Been bottom up off Amuri. Auckland people believe it to be the Auckland schooner Clematis. All lives are supposed to be lost Captain Clarke, Camp- bell (mate), four of the crew, and one passenger (Giles, a butcher), comprised the whole. The captain has a wife and four children, and Giles haa a wife in Auckland. The Bchooner is insured in the New Zealand office for £1,200. The cargo is uninsured. At Christchurch and Lyttelton tho vessel is said to be the schooner Dagmar, which was last sighted off Oamaru. There have been ex- ceedingly heavy gales on the coast since these two vessels left their respective desti- nations. Miss Blanche Stammers, who is about to leave for England in the Somersetshire, will take a benefit at the Theatre Royal next Thursday evening, when "Hamlet," with Mr. Dampier in the principal part, will be played. Miss Stammers will appear, of course, as Ophelia. Mrs. Scott-Siddona will give a humourous recital, entitled "Father Phil's Collection," by Samuel Laver, for the firßt time in Victoria. . The Davenport Brothers will give their first publio séance at the Town-hall this evening. The entertainment ia one of a character to produce a bewildering effect on the beholder, and is certainly extremely clever. " Jan, the New German," continues to hold possession of the stage at the Opera-house. Mr. Emmet's musical abilities are in this play, as in "Our Cousin German," allowed scope for display. At St. George's Hall, this evening, a ohango of programme will be given in the entertain- ment of the Fakir of Oolu. A new ghost dramietta, written by Mr. Garnet Waloo, called " The GoblinB of the Glen," will be produced. The Apollo-hall will be opened to-night by the National Variety Company. Another good programme is promised the patrons of the People's Concerts in the Tem- perance-ball, Russell-street, thia evening, the quartett vocalists are Miss Fanny Sheppard Boprano, Miss St. Helens con- tralto, Mr. Henrix tenor, and Mr. Alexander basso, while the comic element will be repre- sented by Messrs. M. B. Murphy and Silvey Renforth. The concert will bo ander the management of Mr. Frank Richardson, and MI'EB Dwight will act as pianiste. The Southern District Band will play in the Botanic gardens this afternoon from half-past 3 to half-past 5 pm. (weather per- mitting). The following is the programme for the occasion ¡-Quick march, "Fritz," E. Chandler; overture, "Norma," Bellini; valee, "La Perioholo," Coote; selection, "Beatrice di Tenda," Bellini; quadrille "Alexine," St John Oaws ; selection from Sullivan's opera, "Trial by Jury," Chandler; galop, "Don't Deina barry," Geeks; "God Save the Queen." The services' at St. Peter's Church to- morrow are to be full ohorah The anthem in the morning is Solomon's Prayer at the Dedication of the Temple, "O Lord, my God," by Malan, and Mendelssohn's grand " Te Deum ;" the anthem in the evening is from Spohr's oratorio, "The Last Judg- ment." The Melbourne hounds will meet this afternoon at 2 o'clock, at Heidelberg. The annual meeting of '.he East Melbourne Cricket Club will be held at the pavilion, at half-past 2 o'clock this afternoon. Membeis of the South Melbourne Cricket Club are reminded that nominations for office-bearers and committeeB must bo made to-day, for tho annual meeting to be held on Saturday next. We have received from Rfessrs. Stillwell and Knight a copy of Bradshaw's Guide for September. The Education department has informed Mr. I. Warren Ball, the correspondent of the Prahran School Board, that plans for a new school in Hornby-street, Prahran, are now being prepared. Laßt Wednesday evening the employes of Messrs. Rayson Bros, and Co., Emerald- hill, assembled at Bradley'a Ueorge Hotel, for the purpose of making a presentation to Mr. Chas. Dungey, on the occasion of his rotire mentfromthefirm, Mr. JohnF. O'Dwyer, on behalf of the employés, presented the gift, which consisted of a very handsome blaoli marble clock. 