CHECKMATE. BJT W* AUTHOB OF ' THE HOTJ8B BY THE 'CWrjBCHTABD,' 'WILLING TO DIK,' UNOLB SILAS, STC. 'Tis easy told, Sir ; thB candle was bums down almost in the socket, and I went to look out another, but before I could find ana, it went out. Tww but a 6tump I found and lighted, after I saw that fellow in the l'ght drab eurtont go by. I ?wished to let them know, if they hid any ill design there was folks awake in the lodge. But he was gone by before I found the matches, and now that he was comin' again, the candle out, tbinga^goea so cross. It was to be, ye see. Well, while I was mmnugin' about, looking for a candle. I beard the sound of a horse trotting bard, and wheels rolling along ; so says I, ' thank God ;' for then I vu sure it muat be Harry, poor lad. So I claps on my bon net, and out wi'' me wi' the key. I thought I heard voices, as tbe hoofs find wheels came clinking to up to tbe gate; but I could not be quite sure. I was huffed wi' Master Harry for, the long wait he gev me, and the fright, and I took my time eomin' rouad tbe comer of the gatehouse. And thinks I to myself, he'll be offering me a seat in the gig up to the house, but I won't take it, . God forgi'e me for them angry thoughts to tbe poor laddie that 1 was never to have a word wi' more ! When I came to the gate there was never a call, and nothing but voices talking and gaapine like, under their breath ahnoBt, and & queer scuffling sound, that I could nst make haad or tail on. Sol unlocked the wicket, and out wi' me, and, Lord ha' mercy on us, what a sight for me! The gig was there, with its shafts on the ground, and its back cocked up, and the iron-grey fiat on his side, laehin' sound scramb ling, poor brute, and two villains in the gig, both pullin* at poor Master Harry, one robbing, and t'other murierin' him. I took one of them— a short thick fellow- by the 6kirt of his coat, to drag him ou^ and I screamed for Tom Clinton to come out. The short fellow turned, and struck at me with somethin', but, lucky for me, the lashiu' horse that minute took ma on the foot, and brought me down But up I scrambles wi' a stone in my haad, and I shied it, the best I ceuld, »t the head of the villain that was killin' Master Hany, Bat what cut & woman do P It did not go nigh him, I'm thinkin'. I was, all the time, calling oa Tom to come, and crying ' Murder 1' that you'd think my throat'd split. Thit bloody wretch m tbe gig bad got poor Master Harry's head over tie edge of it, and his knee to his chest, a striving to break his neck across the back-rails; and poor dear lad, Muster Harry, he just switched, * Yelland MmbI for God's sake !' They were tbe last words I ever heard from him, and I'll never forget that horrid switch, nor the face of the villain that was over him, like a beast over its pray. He was tuggin' at his throat, like you'd be tryia' to taar up a tree by the roots — j you never see su;h a face. His teeth was set, and the froth comin' through, and bis black eyebrows screwed together, you'd think they'd crack the thin hooked nose of him between them, asd be pantin' like a wild beast. He looked Use a madman, 1 tell you; it was bright moonlight, and the trees bare, and the shadows of the branches was switehin' acroBe hi 3 face.' ' Ton saw that face distinctly ?' asked David Ardea. * AeitlAOFfls Trniiya ffiie itlinnt A ' 'Now tell me— and think rlrst— was he a bit iike that Mr. longcluse whose appearance startled you the other evening P'askel Mr. Arden, in a very low tone, with his eyes fixed on her intensely. ' No, no, no 1 not a bit. He had a small mouth and white teeth, and a great beak of a nose. No, no. no ! not be, I saw him strike somethin' that shone— a knife or a dagger— into the poor lad's throat, and he struck it down at my head, as you know, and I mind nothin' after that. I'll carry the acar o* that murderer's blow to the grave. There's the whole story, and God forgi'e ye for asking me, for it gives me the creepins for a week after ; and I didn't conceit 'twould have made me ea excited, sir. ot I would not have bargained to tell it to night— not that I blame ye, Muter David, for I thought, myself, that I could bear it better— -and I d« believe, as I hava gone so far in it, it is better to make one job of it, and a finish. So ye'll ask me any question ye like, and I'll make the best answer I can; only, Master David, y^'ll not be o'er lone about it f' ' You are a good creature, Martha. I am sorry to psin you, but I pain myself, and you know why I ask these questions-' ' Ay, sir, and I'd r&ther; hear ye ask theai than see you sit as easy under all that as some does, that owed the poor fellow aB much live as ever you did,' and were as near akin.' ' I am puzzled, Marths, and hitherto I have been baffled, but I won't give it up yet. You say that the wretch who struck you was a singular-looking man, at least as you describe him. I know, Martha, I can rely upon your cautioa, you will not repeat to any one what passes in our interview.' He lowered his voice. ' Ton do uot think that this Mr. Loogcluss, a rich gentleman, you know, and a person who thinks he is of some consequence, a *ia*«r\n wKnm'wft Tmtat. nftt lnftlr fit vnn Irnavt AQ if he had t wo heads, you really don't think that this Mr. Longcluse has any resemblance to the villain whom yeu saw stab my brother, »nd who struck you ?' 4 Not he; do more than I have. So, no. Mi. Longcluse is quite another sort of face; but for all that, whea he came in- here, and I nw him be fore me, his face and his speech reminded me of that night.' ' How was that, Martha P Did he resemble the other man; the man who was aiding!' 'That fellow was hanged, ye'll ? mind, Muter David.' 'Tea, but a liekuess might have struck and startled you,' * No, Sir; no. Master David, not him; BUieiy not him. I can't bring it to mind, but it frightens me. - It is queer, eir. All I can say for certain is this. Master David. The minute I heard his voice, and jrot sieht of his face, like that.' and she droooed bar hand on the table, 'the thought of that awful right came back, bright and cold, Sir, and them black shadows, 'twas all absut me, I can't tell how and I hope I may never see him again,' 'Bayou think there was another man by, be sides the two villains in the gig,' suggested David Arden. , ' Not a living soul except them and myself. Poor Hastei Harry said to Tom Clinton, ye'U miad, for be lived half-an-hour after, and spoke a little though faint and with great labour, and sayB he, ? There were two ; Yelland Maca killed me, and Tom Todry took the money.' Tom Ciiaton heard him say that, and swore to it before the justice o' peace, and after on the tril. No, no, there wasn't a aoul there but the two villains, and (he poor dear lad they murdered, and ma and Tom Clinton, that might as well a been in York for any good we did. Oh, no, Heaven forbid I shouiaNje so unmanerly as fj compua a gentleman liks Mr. Losgclose to «uch folk as that 1 Oa, Jawk, no.Bir! .But there's Bometbinz. there's a look— or a sound ia his voice. ? I cae't get round it quite— but it reminds me of something about that night, with a start like, I can't tell bow — something unlucky and br-EuI, ami I would net see him again for a deal.' ' Well, Martha, a thousand thanks. I'm puzzlad, as I said. Perhaps it is only something strange in fais face caused that odd misjiviog. For 1 who saw but one of the wretches engaged in the crime, the man who was convicted, who certainly did not in the slightest degree resemble Mr Longcluse, ex perienced the same unpleasant sensation on first seeing. I don't know how it is, Martha, but the idea clings to me, as it does to you. Some light may come. Something may turn up, I can't get it out of my mind that somehow — it may be cir cuitonsly, he ubb, tX least, got tbe thread in his fingers that may lead us right. Gojd-night. Martha X have got we bible witn large print . you . wished for ; I hope you will like tbe binding. And now ; God bleu you! It ie time I should bid them good night up-stairs. Farewell, my good old friend.' And, so saying, he shook her hard and shrivelled hand. His BtepB echoed along the long tiled passage* with its one dim light, and his mind was stil haunted by its one obscure idea. . 1 -ft is strange,' he thought, ' that Martha and I, thaenly two living persons, I believe, who care still for poor Harry, and feel alike respecting the expiation that is due to bis memory, should both bar* been struck with the same odd feeling on see ing Longcluse. From that white sinister face, it Menu to me. I know sot why, will shine tha light that will yet clear all up.' CHAPTER XXI. A WALK BY MO0NUQHT, While MarthaTanaoy wae telling her grisly story is the housekeeper's room, and David Arden listen ing to the oft-told tale, for the sake of the possible new lights which the narration might throw upon his present theory, the little party in the drawing room had their music and their talk; , Mr,; Long close «ang the song which, standing beside Uncle David on the landing, hear the .great window on the staircase,' we hav^.:faintly heard; and then he sang tUat other eong.of the goblin wooer, at AUje' desire. -v,tl-.- Z-'/.itt '. 'Was thepoor girl tool eniugh to accept his in vitation?' inquired Hibb Maubray;. 'That I really can't say,' .Uugied Mr. Ling cluse. ? Yes, indeed, poor thing ! I eahope she dian t,' said Lady May. 1 Itfs very likely she did,' interposed 8ir Reginald opening his eyes ;' every one .thought he was doz ing, ' nothing more foolish, and therefore, nothing more likely. Besides, if she didn't, she probably did worse. Better to go straight to the ? ' ' Ott, dear Reginald,* exclaimed Lady May. ' Then, by a tedious circumbendibus. 1 euppese her parents highly disapproved of the goblin ; wasn't that alone an excellent reisoa for going away with him?' And Sir Reginald closed his eyes again. ' Perhaps,' said Misa Maubray aside to Vivian Daraley, ' that romantic young lady may have had across papa, and thought that she could not change very much for the worse.' ' Shall I tell that to Sir Reginald P It would amuse him,' inquired Daraely. 'Not ss my remark ; but I make you a present of it: 'Thanks; but that even, with your permission, would be a plagiarism, and robbing you of his applause.' Vivian Darnley was very inattentive to bis own nonsense. He was talking very much at random, for his mind, and occasionally bis eyes, were other Alice Arden was sitting Bear the piano, and talk ing to Mr Lonfcluse, ' Is that meant to be a ghost, I wonder, in our sense, like the ghost of Wilhelm in. the ballad of Leonora P or is the lover a demon ?' ' A demon, surely,' answered Longcluse, a spirit appointed tocher destruction. In an old ghostly writer there is a Latin sentence, ' EJnicuique nas ceuti, adeat daemon vitoe mystagogus,' which I will translate, 'There is present at the- birth of every human being a demon, who is the conductor of his lite.' Be it fortunate, or be it direful, to this supernatural influesce he owes it all. So they thought; and to families auch a demo a is allotted also, sad they prosper or wane as his function is ordained. 1 wondor whether such demons ever enter linto human beings, and, in the shape of living men, hauat, plague, aad ruin their predesti nated victims.' This eott ot mysticism fora time taey talked, and then wandered away to other themes, and tbe talk grew general; and Mr. Lonecluse, with a pang cHeovered that it was late. He had something on his mind that night. Be hal an undivulged use, I also, to which to apply Q&vid; Ardea. As tb_e hour drew near it weighed more heavily at his heart, That hour must be observed ; he wished . to be away before it arrived. There was still ample time; but Lady May was talking of going, and he made up his mind to say farewell. Lingeringly Mr. Longcluse took his leave. But go he must; and so, a last touch of the hand, a last look, and the parting is over. Down-stairs he rues ; his graomandhis brougham are at the door. What a glorious noon! The white light upon all things around is absolutely dazzling. How sharp and black tbe shadows 1 Ho w light and filmy rises the old house 1 Haw black the nooks of the thick ivy 1 Every drop of dew that hangs upon its leaves, or on the drooping stalks of the neglected grass, is trans muted into a diamond. A* he stands for an in stant upon the broad platform of the steps, he looks round him with a deep Bigh, and with a strange smile of rapture. The man standing with tbe open door of the brougham in his hand caught bis eye. * Go you down as far as the little church, before you reach the ' Guy of Warwick,' in the village, quite close to this, you know it, and] wait there for me. I shall walk.' The man touched his hat, shut the door, and mounted the box beside the driver, and away went the brougham. Mr. Longcluse lit a cigarattejand slowly walked down the broaa avenue -after the vehicle. By the time he had got about half-way he heard tne iron gates swing togetner, me eouna ot the wheels was lost in the distance, and the feeling oE seclusion returned. In the same vague intoxi cation of poetry and romance, he paused and looked round again, and sighed . Tne trunk ef a great tree overthrown in the last year's autumnal gales, with some of its boughs lopped offjay on the grass at the edge of tbe avenue. There remained a little of his of bis cigarette to smoke, and the tempta tion of this natural seat was irresistible; so he took it, and smoked, and gazed, and dreamed, and sometimes, as he took the cigarette from bis lips, , he sighed, never was a man in a more romantic vein. He looked back on the o'eble front of the. picturesque old houBe. The cold moonlight gleamed on most of tne window- panes ; but from'a few tall windows glowed faintly the warmer light of: CJtndles. If anyone had ever felt the piercing storms of life, the treachery' of his species, and he mendacity of the illation s that surround, as, LDDgcluse was that man, He had accepted tbt conditions of life, and was a man of the world ; but no boy of eighteen was ever more in love than he at this moment. Gazing back at the dim glow that flushed through the tall window- blinas of the distant rawmg-ruODi , a\a Limey weaviui; mi fcuuoa airy dreams that passion lives in, this pale, solitary man, whom no one quite knew, who trusted no one, who had hie peculiar passions, his sorrows, his fearB, and strange remembrances; everything con nected with his orgih, vicissitudes, and character, except this one wild hope, locked up, as it were, in an iron casket, and buried in a gravefathoms deep, was now flouted back, be knew not how, to that time of sweet perturbation and agonising hope at which the youth of Shakespere'e time were won ' to sigh like a furnace, and indite woeful batl&dt; t.n thmr mintxnRn'fl evAhrowa. Now he eaw liehts in an upper room. Imagination and conjecture were in a moment &t; work, No servant's apart ments, its dimensions were too handsome; and had not Sir Beginald mentioned that his room was upon a level with the ball? Just at thiB moment Lady May1! carriage drove down the avenue past him, 3Tes,ehe had run up direct to her own room on bid ding Lady May good-night. How he drank in the rosy lights through his dark ey 63! and how. their tremble seemed to quicken the pulsations ?f. his leart! Gradually his thoughts saddened, and bis race grew dark. . r ' . ' 'Two doors ia life, only in this life, if all bishopB.' and curate speak truth, one or other Bhut for ever . in the next. The gate to heaven, the gate to hell. Heaven! 'Facilhdecensus* Life is such a soph ism. Yet even those canting dogs in the pulpit,; can't bark away the truth. God sees cot with .our. eyas! Revealed religion, Mahomet, Moses, Mor mon, Borgia 1 What is the firs t lesson inscribed by his Maker on every man's heart, instinct, intel lect P I read the mandate 'thus; Take the beBt sure you can of number am,' Bah I ' It ib he that ' nath madens,. and not we ourselves.' Uncle Bavid's carriage now drove by. 