CHAPTER VII. AT T II fl HOLLIES. Tun next morning Mrs. Braid did not fail to remind Maitland of tho promised visit to The Hollies. At first he appeared to hesitate, hue ultimately ordered thc carriage to be got ready to take thorn. It was about a six miles drive from Harrington, across a wild, desolate country, half moor, half straggling wood. Dora, who had never been in this direction, regarded the landscape with considerable interest. ' Where have I seen scenery like this be fore ?' she remarked thoughtfully. ' There is nothing uncommon in a barren moor, dotted here and there with trees and brushwood, in England,' answered her hus band, carelessly. ' Probably,' she replied, in the same thoughtful tone ; ' but you forget how little I have travelled.' He made no answer, but, turning to Mrs. Braid, continued the conversation which had been interrupted by this remark, watching his wife all the time, however, in a furtive manner. The Hollies stood at the end of the moor from which tho honse was divided by a belt of the trees from which it derived its name. It was a curiously shaped structure, of what had once being white freestone, with *a deserted, uninhabited, lonely look about it, quite repellant. As Maitland handed his wife from the carriage he observed her start and change colour. ' I have seen this place before !' she ex claimed, ' I am certain of it.' 4 Absurd !' ho answered, lightly ; ' unless, indeed, you strayed as far in one of those solitary rambles you used to take last autumn.' ' Oh, no, no ! My memorv of it goes back long, long before that time.' ' Probably to some former slate of exis tence,' he answered, laughing. ' Psha I wc have all such curious fancies at time.' ' Stay !' she cried, halting before the door. ' On thc right hand side of thc hall as we enter there is a largo eight-day clock, with ligures cf the sun and moon painted upon.the dial-plate. Opposite to that is a huge Btag's j head and hores, and underneath is a very large picture.' ' I think there arc such things,' he answered, turning away. ^?Thc next moment they were standing in ilie ball. Yes, there was the clock, and thq stag's.head, and the picture just as she had described. ' Wo\\\, it is very strange !' exclaimed, Mrs. Braid, with some surprise. f / Do you think yon were ever here as a child ?' * Never, I am quito certain,' interrupted Geoffrey, sharply. ... ' Let us not remain here. There is some mystery attached to the place. I cannot tell what, only feel it is so,' whispered Dora, clinging lo his arm in terror. .. ' My dear Dora, you are labouring under some delusion,' said her husband, soothingly. ' You can uevcr, possibly haye been in this house before. Your minute description of the hall without having seen it is a most extraordinary coincidence, I grant, but it can be nothing more.' Then he added, in a low tone4 ' Pray do not make a scene ! Look at the housekeeper ; she is watching us in astonishment.' After this, Dora endeavoured lo calm her sel f, but the effort was not a successful one. ' You do not intend to remain here to night ?' she asked, anxiously. ' Yes, most certainly,' he replied. ' I arranged todo so at the desire pf yourself and aunt, and I cannot now alter the planB. Besides, ¿ee what a teWiblo wet evening it has turned out ! I could not suffer iny two most valuable carriage horses to be driven six miles through weather liko ÜjjJs, merely to humour a silly delusion. He spoke truly ; a fine, sunny morning [ had suddenly given pláqg to a drenching afternoon. , The dining-room, although it might once have been a cheerful "apartment, now impar ted the depression usually associated with I faded furniture, walls grown dingy with du6t, tarnished gilt, and a general air of long dis use. Towards night, Geoffrey ordered jpfirc to be li', and the bright blaze dispel]^ some portion of the gloom of thc apartment, but not of its occupants. Dora lay back in a state of misery in an easy chair, staring vacantly at the glowing coals, and he^usband sat moodily watching her. Even Aunt Braid pursued her favourite occupation of sitting in gloomy silence. 'What a very curious look and manner Dora has had the last day or two/' observed Geoffrey, abruptly, his wife having left tlie room for a few moments. ' I cannot understand this fancy of hers, if fancy it be,' remarked Mrs. Braid, someyvhat giavely. ' It is a fancy,' he repliod, emphatically. ' She never could have been in th^ house be fore. What is this about her having been at Harrington when a child?' ' Did yon never hear of it ?' 'No.' . ' That is strange.' : ' I must have been abroad.' I In a few words, Mrs. Braid related all she knew of the circumstance, to which he listen ed with an expression of the most profound interest. « ' Very mysterious, indeed,' he remarked, when she had concluded. ' Very mysterious, indeed,' echoed Mrs. Braid. ' And yet, probably, easily explainable. À servant might have whipped her, or shut her up in a dark closet, after telling her a ghost story. It does not take much to terrify a child even into illness. Had it been any thing marked, 6he would certainly have re membered it.' But Mrs. Braid warmly opposed this theory. ' ls it not very strange,' she added, 'that she should have no remembrance of Harring ton, and yet recall a memory of The Hol lies ?' ' A confirmation of what I have observed ; she has no recollection of a place she has most certainly lived at, and fancies she re members a place where she certainly never has been before.' ' Did this house belong to you at that time ?' . ' No.' ' Well, it is very curious.'. ' A mental delusion, 1 tell you ; the effect of a disordered brain. I trust these morbid fancies will not increase at all, or become more serious. Has there ever been any case of insanity in your family ?' ' Good gracious ! not that I am aware of !' exclaimed Mrs. Braid, looking up with a blanched face. ' What do you mean, Mr. Maitland?' ' Have you forgotten her peculiar conduct when she first came to Harrington ? Do you not see the moody fits arc returning ?' he asked, drawing his chair close to hers, and sinking his voice almost to a whisper, at thc time. . A footstep outside thc door interrupted the conversation ; it was Dora returning to' thc loom. ( T'j bc continu-J.} 