TALES AND SKETCHES. A STORY OF CRANBOURNE CHASE. (From All the Year Round.) Almost in the centre of Cranbourne Chase, once part of the .New Forest, and which, as late as 1828, contained some twelve thousand deer, looked after by six rangers under the orders of Lord Waters, I there stands, seven miles from Cran- J bourne, a small public-house called the Baldheaded Stag, with half a dozen keepers' and shepherds' houses to keep it company. i Up one of the low grassy tracts, which ' are called in Wiltshire " ox drives," and round a Bhoulder of the rolling down where three low lines of grassy rampart showed that a Roman camp had once stood, came a sturdy young keeper, hiB trusty gun on his shoulder and his dog at his heels. He was a fine well- knit young fellow of, say, three-and-twenty ; his face shrewd and defiant, his step firm and light. His old brown velvet shooting jacket was rubbed white on the right shoulder, and he wore in his grey felt hat, whioh was girt with trout flies, a little green tuft from a king-fisher's wing. His flesh had that peculiar hardness about it that implies perfect health, and he looked round with that sort of command that supervisors acquire, as he scanned the woodlands and copses scattered here and there below him. The slightest thing seemed to catch hi* ®ye-—a tuft of lark's feathers, where a hawk had been feeding ; a few scattered badger's hairs ; a fresh mole-hill; and the print of deer's feet, or a scrap of rabbit's fui lie observed and noted as lie passed. Once he stopped, and sat down on a little grassy mound, which a wheat-ear vacated for him, to scrape out his black brier-root and quietly reload, while his dog searched the next tussock of dry grass for a rabbit, and just then an old gentleman rode around the corner of the camp and pulled up his horse when he saw him. " Young Garge," as the keeper was al ways called, touched his wideawake with the forefinger of his right hand. Hon t you stand up in this country when you meet a gentleman ?" said the stranger, petulantly, at the same time striking one of his gaitered legs with his "crop." " Only when we knows'em, mister," said George, rising civilly as he addressed the ranger. "I know every one round here, but you be a stranger to me." " Do you idle much of your time away smoking like that, ray friend i" enquired the stranger, sharply. " What right have you to enquire how 1 spend my time, mister ?" said George, a little' up" at this interference. "If you want to know, this is my meal time, and I choose to spend it smoking. Don't you never spend time worse ?" " You're an impertinent fellow," broke out the gentleman, in a fury, "and I beg I to tell you I am Herbert Harcourt, Esq., ^ -Usauchamp Lodge, the new ranger, and I have power to dismiss you or any other insolent keeper from his post at one word. I am not going to let things go to ! ruin as my predecessor did. The poachers kill the deer here, I am told, with im punity, and all owing to lazy fellows like you." " There has been no buck ever shot in my walk," said George, bristling up, and throwing his gun carelessly on his right shoulder. " The one killed a fortnight ago was in Woodgates Walk, old JoeLevi sons walk." Oh, then, you have not heard," said the new ranger, " that a buck was killed Rin«s"" DOt & Iu^6 ^roin Dowberry No, sir, I have not." There was, then, and the forequarter was found in a hollow tree near the big oak m Rushmere Walk. His lordship is very angry, and declares he'll turn away the next koeper who loses a deer from his beat. There is connivance with this gang suspected somewhere, and we must get to the bottom of it. I am a stranger here, but they tell me that & rascal named Black Jack, of Woodgates, actually makes a liv ing, killing and selling his lordship's deer, and some, at least, of the keepers are conniving at the robbery. Wore you at the Big Oak last night 1 Rushmere Walk is m your beat, I think. It is set down so in the book they showed me this morning. " Rushmere was in my walk," said not ^inching a hair's breadth; but last week Lord Waters sent and ordered us all to change about; so old Bolton took Rushmere, and I took yoodgates. There has never been a deer, sir, killed in any walk I've had since I've been here." * lV ^?rhaPB, BO> P«rhaps so ; but I can tell all you keepers things are not going on as they have gone. I'm going to have better watch. Those rascals learn your i beats from some of you. Now, come, I don t you ever get talking at the public house about the line you're going to take at night, with threats and brags of what you 11 do if you meet a desr- stealer—now, come!' ' I t( T ■^eT)er> sir!" said George, quietly. 1 don t tell even my own father the rufe " m g0ine t0 take' 1 make ii; a ' And have you no sweetheart—come, now that you aometimes talk to about it, and who, perhaps, goes and tells some rriend of these rogues ?" cheek slightly reddened, as he pulled about the dog-whistle at his but ton- hole and made no reply ; for the fact Zh'^l Pretfcy Hetty Dawson where he should be m the Chase at a cer tain hour, that he might meet her on her way home from Shaftesbury Market. In half an hour s time such a pleasant little meeting might, indeed, not improbably take place at Dnncastle Ring. "Ah! I see; I've hit it at last. So you men go and tell your sweethearts, and they tell their other lovers, who tell some of the gang, and so my lord's deer get killed." The young keeper's cheek flushed quick and angrily. "Hetty," he said—"I mean the only young woman I ever men ion my walks to—has no other lovers, Hps °° * am 8Ure> ever escapes her rAl-P/1' of co"rse not I Women are so reliable, and never have two strings to their bows! Take my advice-tell no °ne, for so sure as another deer is killed, and the poacher not caught, away go the whole lot of you, and I'll try some of my Yorkshire men from the estate which I've been superintending. I „iu not have men who are in correspondence with deer poachers." "There is no stain on my character, sir, said the young keeper, proudly. 1 ve never been found off my post the seven years I've been here." " I can only judge from what I find now," said the ranger's deputy ; " and it is as bad as bad can be. If you had been all Border men, there would have been none of this shameful deer-stealing. Now zzund what I have said : those who can't obey me go. Keep to your own walk to night, and 111 send and tell old Bolton to keep to his. I'll hare none of this piece meal business." And so saying the angry Jack-in-office struck the handsome chesnut cob he rode with his crop, and dashed off straight across the Downs at a sharp canter. He left the young keeper a thoroughly un happy man—his pride hurt, his suspicions roused, his opinion of mankind lowered. If honest service brought no better return than this, and the reports of suoh men were to be all that Lord Waters heard, what chance had he of ever rising from the ranks ? How came the deer-poachers to get intelligence of the keeper's walks 1 Which was the black sbeep among his fel lows 1 It could not be, surely, honest old Bolton or fiery Ned Holmes, who had been nearly killed in a poaching fray, or silent Fred Hume, who spent all his time trapping by himself ? A sudden thought struck him. He would not cross into old Bolton's walk, where Duncastle Rings were, but he would climb the hill above the camp, and, if he Baw signs of Hetty on her way from market, signal to her to come across. A few minutes' run brought him to the top of the highest wave of the Down. Here he waited and waited, ranging over the valley and scanning every rabbit that flashed from furze to furze, and every crow that alighted within five hundred yards. Suddenly, a little figure ran round theshoulder of the ring of Druidicalstones, and wavedahandkerchief. George started, and held up his gun, and down the figure came into the valley, and up the hill to the camp. He strode down to meet her, and she, rosy with the run, eame laughing towards him. " Why, how late you are, George," she said, in reply to half a dozen kisses, " a nice, gallant lover, I'm sure, to let me wait up there ten minutes, and I'd pre pared such a surprise for you. I'd hidden behind the big stone, ready to jump up like a ghost when you came into the Ring. Oh, George, eggs are so nice and dear at Shaftesbury to-day, and I got such a lot of money for Auntie. But you don't look yourself to-day; you're not ill ? It's that horrid night- watching in the cold." " Yes ; I've been vexed, Hetty. The ranger's new deputy has been rating me about the deer-poachers. There waB an other buck killed last night, up by the Big Oak." " But that was not your walk, George, last night." " No, not mine. Old Bolton, you re member I told you, would exchange last night. It's that Black Jack again. Hetty, I'd give a year's wages to have my fingers on that man's throat." " Oh, George, don't look like that. I never like to see you look like that. You did once, do you remember, when you were jealous with me for speaking to Black Jack, and accepting his present at Salis bury Fair." " It would make you look so, Hetty, to be suspected by a stuck-up fellow like that; and, you know, I would ratber cut off both my hands here, at once, than mix myself up with rascals like Black Jack and his gang, and lose my character with Lord Waters. Now, listen here, Hetty." He took her hands as he spoke, and sat her down beside him on the grass. " Is it anything very serious V' said Hetty, laughing. " Am I going to be put on my oath, like the people at the 'Sizes ?" " Don't laugh, Hetty ; it is really very serious," said George, still holding her hands firmly in his, and looking straight into her clear, brown eyes. "Tell me, have you mentioned to anyone that I and old Bolton were to change our walks last night ? The deer-Btealers have heard of that. They can do what they like with him. You know how he drinks." " Am I on my oath—solemn, binding oath ?" laughed Hetty, shaking her lover's hands up and down. " Yes, really." " And you won't be very, very angry if I tell you 1" " Of course not, Hetty; how could I be angry with you ?" " Well, then, I did ; but don't ask me who." There was a smile of good-natured mischief in her eye, as she looked down and then up. " But I must know who. That is all I have to work upon." "Oh, it wasn't a deer-stealer. Don't imagine it was Black Jack !" " No, I am sure it wasn't, Hetty. But now tell uie, Hetty, for I'm mad to get a clue to these fellows." " Must I?" said Hetty, coaxingly. " You must; if you love me, you must indeed." " And you won't be vexed or angry ?" " No. Why should I ? Tell me at once." " You'll be angry." " Never mind. Tell me. I feel snre it will give me some clue. I know it is on the strength of this the villains went to Rushmere." "Can't you guess 1" " No." " Then it was my uncle from the Bald headed Stag." " Your uncle !" gasped George, and his hand shook so that his gun almost dropped. " Then that's where they meet. I sus pected it." " And is this the way you are going to leave me i" pouted Hetty, with a pretty affectation of injured dignity, as George prepared to depart. " It's a matter of life and death, Hetty, and if you love me you wouldn't keep me. I shall see or hear of these rascals at the Bald-Headed Stag." "Oh, do not go after them. That Black Jack will kill you. He fears no thing." "No more do I, Hetty. There, good bye," and he clasped her in his arms. " I think I'm on their track now. Wish me success." "I do, George, I do !" and as the young keeper sprang down the hill, Hetty sat down on the grass and burst into tears. A few minutes more, and young George stood at the door of the Bald-Headed Stag. He stepped quickly into the par lour of the little village public-house and looked round. All his suspicions were confirmed. There, among one or two keepers and half a dozen disreputable loafers, sat old Bolton, his fellow keeper, very drunk. By the fire, with his back to the door, sat Dawson, the landlord, Hetty's uncle, in close confabulation with a short, red bearded man, well known as a comrade of Black Jack, the deer-poacher. " Why, it's our yonng Garge," said old Bolton, staggering up to him and slapping him on the shoulder. " Come and have some yell; there's no yell like Bald headed Stags in these 'ere parts, and we've had ranger here this morning, swearing away about that buck that was killed yesterday ; and I told him it was the one Lord Wolverton's hounds worried when they came here, and that he'd never get over it. But he said, ' Ail very well; but that don't account for the hind quar ter being goneso I up and told him i that very likely you had taken that to the kennel to give to the hounds. I tricked 'un at last, didn't I, Master Dawson ? Stuck up fool 1 Telling people their dooties, who know 'em better than he does. I say, George, if you ever comes across Black Jack in one of those busi nesses, you take my advice—square it as I do." The half-drunken companions of the old keeper cheered this sentence, and called upon George to share the pot with them. " We don't change walks to-night, George," said old Bolton, filling a long pipe with a shaky hand, " so you needn't go back till dusk. Ranger has ridden off Salisbury way, to see if he could trace the venison, but, bless yer ! that's at Lunnon town by this time." " I'll not drink with you, Bolton," said George, " nor with your companions ei ther. They're not the sort of men I want to associate with. I'm after the men you signalled to just now. Dawson, I ask you, in Lord Waters's name, was not one of those men Black Jack ? Your lease is nearly up; and I warn you that unless you tell me the truth, I will indict you as an aider and abetter of deer- poachers. All I want to know is, was that Black Jack you signalled to, and the way he is g°n® •" . "r, " Now, don't ee go after him, George; now, don't ee," maundered the frightened landlord; " he's a dead shot, and he's sworn he'd kill the first man who lays hands on him. He said it of you, not half an hour ago, in this very room. I like you, lad, and my niece Hetty loves you. Now, don't throw your life away like that, for Jack is a desperate fellow when his blood's up. Take my advice : let well alone, or Jack '11 shoot ee dead, as if ee were only a wild cat." " Then it was Black Jack, and I'll have him," said George, grinding his teeth ; "you mind my gun, Bolton, fori won't be driven into murder." " I wouldn't, George; he'd think no more of shooting ee than though you were a stoat," cried old Bolton. " Do as I do—square it. Here, men, hold him back ; it's murder to let him go. Who'll mind our families if we get shot 1" The men closed round George, and tried to detain him with friendly grip, with coaxing, and by force, but George pushed them asunder, flew to the door, and was down the road and over the hedge in a moment, like a deer, in the direction he had seen the signal waved. " I always thought they were a had lot at Woodgates," he thought to himself, as he stood and rested, holding on to a young sapling beech; " but I didn't think they had been bought over in a lump like that. I must capture the ringleader, and then the whole gang will drop asunder. He's scared them all, and if I could nab him, who knows if I might not Bome day get head-keeper, and live with Hetty in that fine house at Cranborne 1 One can't get such a prize without a tussel." It was about five o'clock, and very hot, and George half thought it might be as well to go and get a cup of tea, at a friend's close by, before starting on a four or five hours* search. The lad half turned back towards Woodgates, when, looking down over the covert from some high ground which commanded a view, he hap pened to cast his eyes up to the .right to wards Stock Corpse hedgerow, when he saw two men walking slowly up the side of it, and one, as far as he could distin guish at such a distance, had a gun over his arm. With no longing uow for the cup of tea, George at once stripped for work, threw off his shooting-jacket, hung it on a bough, the position of which he noted, and started off in pursuit. There was a great prize to win, whatever the risk might be. Right across the fallow skimmed George, and in a moment was in the gap, and brushing away the hazels, when, to his surprise, he almost butted a man, who was quietly stauding there upright, smok ing a pipe, and with both hands in his pockets. " Ah!" thought George to him self, " this fellow is staying here to screen the other, and that other is Black Jack, I feel sure, and have him I will if I can keep my body and bouI together ; so here goeB." And brushing past the man, who grumbled something sullenly, he passed through the gap by his side, taking no notice of him at all. When George emerged into the light, and got into the stubble field, there was no glimpse of the man with the gun, but he pushed across the field, and presently, at the corner of a copse, be caught sight of some one creeping along under a hedge about four hundred yards ahead, and di rectly he saw George he rose up and pushed into a brisk walk. Now there happened to be sheep folded in that field, and there were several lines of hurdles running across the very path he had to go. " These at least will check my fine fellow," thought George, but, as he came up to each hurdle, over the man went like a buck, George could see him now ; it was Black Jack, the man who had seven teen of Lord Shaftesbury's keepers after him at one time, and had outrun tliem all, as he had publicly boasted he could do. But let us tell this part of the story in young George's own identical words : " When I saw it was he," said George, " I almost gave it up as a bad job. He was so far in advance of me, with all them Bheep hurdles in between, and now and then he looked round in a mocking kind of manner, as much as to say you are a stout man if you think to take me ; and he seemed so lissome like, and so active, that 1 verily thought I should have had to put it off for that day at least. But, somehow, I considered within myself that I would not allow him to beat me; and I was a youngish man then, sir, and not easily daunted by anything, so I took a resolution to follow him, come what would. In a few moments I had bundled through the hurdles, and scrambled through an adjoining hedge, and looked about me for my man. Him I beheld at a good distance off, making his best pace to outrun me at once, and so get off clear. I started behind, and did my best, but it was trying work over the heavy land. I thought at one time that I should never make the distance shorter between us, but by degrees I got nearer, so near that I could hear his laboured breathing and puffing. This gave me some encourage ment, and I continued to follow, though at several yards behind, hoping to snap him by and by. You may fancy that at this time I was not altogether in a state to keep up the chase, and if it had not been for a feeling that I would take him, if possible, I could not have persevered many minutes longer in following. A. few minutes more brought us both to a place on the Blandford-road, having run four miles, and I was still jogging on, thinking how I should get up to him. All of a sudden he stopped short and turned round, at the same time presenting his gun full at my body, swearing, as he did so, that if I came nearer he would fire into me. The gun was cocked all the time, and loaded with twelve slugs (as afterwards ascertained). Almost imme diately, however—I don't know what made him hesitate—he ran forward again, all down through an entrenchment. I was gaining on 1dm—I felt it. My blood was up ; I would have him, and was al ready within ten yards of him, by dint of sheer struggling; a few minutes more, and I should come to close quarters. I looked up and saw him again facing me— the gun pointed at my head, and his eye looking along the barrel. I sprang for ward and knocked up the gun with one hand, and rammed the fingers of my other in his red neck-hankercher. " Not a word was spoken; but Jack knew he had to fight for it, or his hour had come, and to it we went, sir, hot enough I can tell you. With his heavy tipped boots he kicked at my legs, every kick cutting me as if you had slashed them with a reaping-hook. The bones were bare before we had been ten mi nutes at it, and he leaped and struggled like a mad bull, and cursed himself, no doubt to himself, for not having fired when he had had the chance. I thought, when I tried to pinion him, that he would have torn my two arms off, and I had to beat him heavily in the face before I could quiet him and get his gun from him and in my left hand, and hold him fast with the other, as I tried (I was far from home) to drag him to the Thorney down public-house. " We had not proceeded far, even then, before he rebelled, so I was forced to put the gun dewn and tackle him again. " In all my life I never met with such a man. " He never seemed to give in, and he kicked my shins so that I could scarcely stand. When he tried to get at his knife, I felled him three times running, and as for pounding we were both pretty well pounded ; and the moment I had given the man into Lord Waters's custody at j Rushmere, I fell down in what they call a faint. Yes; it had been a great strug gle, sir." I need scarcely say that, after this tumble, George's fortune rapidly rose. Hetty's uncle bolted in the night, and after Black Jack's transportation for life, the deer-poaching gang of Cranborne Chase quickly disappeared. There was a rapid supply of new keepers, the deputy I ranger's interference was promptly stopped, and George very soon rose to the dignity of head-keeper. When I last I saw him he was landlord of the Bald [ headed Stag. 