CRICKET. THE OYAL. The last practice match of tlia Australian Twenty-two, prior to their contest with the All Eiigland Eleven, was played on the Oral on Saturday afternoon, November 11. This being the last match, considerable interest was mani fested in it, and the Oval was better attended than it has been during any of the previous practice matches. It was estimated that about SOO or 600 people were present. Tue additions to the pavilion and the old pavilion—itself were comfortably" filled, but not crowded, while a number of people went inside the chains behind the bowlers and made themselves comfortable on the turf. The Englishmen were on the ground during the afternoon, not that they particularly wanted to take notes of the Australians' style, as^they con sider they will be able to do that soon enough when they are in the field against them. During the morning clouds of dust were flying about, caused by a hot svind, and it was feared that the afternoon would be anything but suitable for cricket. About midday, however, the wind veered round, and a sea breeze set in, making the weather cooler, and in some measure aba ting the annoyance caused by the dust, On the Oval the full benefit of the change of wind was experienced, and no dust found its way into the enclosure, so that those present had a full op portunity of enjoying the contest The Com mittee of the Association have ordered the grass on the Oval to be mowed. The work is nearly com pleted, and the portion mowed looks consider ably better,or smoother, than the remaining por tion. The pitch to be used in the All-England match looks green, and a good, -wicket ought to be obtained on it. The wickets used on Satur day were pitched just by tbe side of it, and played well throughout the day. Sides werecho3en by Messrs. Millard and G-ooden, the former of •whom sent his men to the, wickets. Messrs. S. Toms and G. ChittVfoorough officiated as umpires. Joyner and Ayers first appeared at the wickets, and opporjed the bowling of Whit riage fromthe southern end, the other end being taken by King. T,ae fipt over was a maiden, 11 ■ 'I 11CT 'Sat Joyner attempting an almost impossible run, was run out before scoring—1—0—0. In the next over Ayers obtained a single, and made another bit, but Beeves (who was fielding asa substitute) being in the way of tbe-ball, ho ha'd to retire—2—1—1. Edwards occupied thw 'position vacated by Joynur, but was clean bowled by King before he had broken bi&egg.; Giles next proceeded from the pavilion, and with Barnes succeeded in making a stand, the scores being advanced to 33 baforo a separation was effectod. Barnes had s narrow escape once, as Phillips fielded th» ball EEarth-, and threw it at the wl•' missing it, however, Barnes was let off. Gi1 v a wicket was the first to fall, a ball slipped b/ ! him, finding a reating-pL.ee in the hanaa of J'. ' 3. Gooden-*-4—14—33. His score of 14 vw got in bis customary style, with perhaps vtrifla more of the defensive about it tnan usual. 16 was composed of 2 two, and 10 singles. Millard then partnered Barnes, but the score Iikd only ' increased by three before Barnes's time haw come, H. A. Gooden being successful in hold ing one of Whitridge's knocked up by hinx —5—16—35. His score contained a pretty hit for four, which went through the caaina. near the gate. He also made three'twos and six singles. All his runs were made in a pretty and careful manner, without giving a J [ except tho_ one taken. His style of play was ^ more admired than that of most of tne other players in the match, and it seemed as if ho were getting into something like bis old Victo rian or Tasmanian form. Both Giles and Barnes were loudly cheered on retiring to tho pavilion. Beeves appeared on the scene, but making a hard hit to long off. he skied the ball, and it was held by' H. A. Gooden and he made his [exit—> 6—0—38. Lvmgley then donned the pads, and Millard shortly after hit one of WhitridsoV, and Ayers disposed of him by a catch—7—5—43. Featherstone, Goodfellow, and Kennedy, then went in; but only 2 more wera added to the score, including a leg-bye. Kennedy - carried his bat without having had an opportunity of scoring. The fielding throughout the innings was fr-st class, not a single chance being mis.:d, and the return the balls by the fielders tiiowa that the practica they have lately been going in for has ixnprc ttem wont1: i'ully. Wiihoul any unneco . y" time being'<nt, Millard's men took thefield.s . I Morcom and Gibbs defended the wickets, Cc J f fellow bowling at one end and Reeves at tho other. The bowling was on the spot, and tha i fielding was excellent, consequently the bats men had all they could do to make runs. How good it was may be judged from the fact thatt when the first wicket fell only 25 runs had been made, and the time occupied in making them was three-quarters of an hour. Morcom ia playing back at a ball from Goodfellow hit his wicket—1—18—25. His score was composed ot 2 twos, and 9 singles; On bis retirement to the pavilion he waa re ceived with cheetB for the careful and patient manner in which he had obtaiaed [hia score* Whitridge 'filled the, vacant position, and when the score had reached 33 a ball front Barnes (who had taken Reeves's placed found it* way past Gibbs's bat and disturbed his timbers. 2—16—33. In his score were 4 twos, the re* mainder beingfrdngles, and it was got with W& .upright bat. He was loudly cheered when hd came off the field, H. A. Gooden went in and came out again after scoring l,he having placed his leg where his bat ought to have been. ^Phillips then took bis place, but was sot mom successful, as he was cleaned bowled bjr Barnes. His score was ale 3 1. King was still more unfortunate, as his score was 0 when a catch by Lungley disposed of him. J. E. Gooden (the captain) then went in, and things began to look a little more lively, as Whitridge (who had been quietly scoring in tiie meanwhile) and Gooden advanced the score to 52 before a catoh by Barnes off Lnngley's bowling gave OwJeB his quietus—6—8—52. Gooden mads Onfl pratW cut for 4, all of which had* to be run for. Wal lace and Green then handled the willow, and after making 4 each were bowled. Lucas was the next man, but before be had a chance of scoring Whitridge stepped oub to meet a ball. He missed it, ana before he could recover his ground was stumped by Millard—9- 26—75. The eleventh maa T. B. -Bright or S. Cope being absent, Luoas retired not out. Whitridge was deserved1/ cheered on his return, as the score ot 28 w^a made without a ghost of a chance being girej. It contained 1 three, 5 twos, and 13 aiuj' The difference between the Englishmen practice and this match was very evident. Xiia South Australians seemed to be afraid.of hittirg at the ball, and played a very defensive* game. This may be seen from the seorea, as during the whole afternoon there were only two fours made and two hits for three-, Tha - great want of the colonials is baiting—in field* ing and bowling they are well qualified to give a very goou account of themselves* Tha fielding altogether on Saturday was a treat to witness. Of course there were one or two who were not quite up to concert pitch, bub the ia stances were so few that it would be invidious to particularise them. There will be very lit tlo to complain of if the fielding in the maton next* week-«quals~that of Saturday. A slight im provement, however, might be made in tha - matter of throwing in the ball, as onco or twiea it was thrown quite out ot the reach of tha wicket-keeper. He, however, v,as well backed up and runs did not result from it, but still, a wicket might be missed in consequence of care lessness in that particular. Subjoined are tha scores:— HE. HILLABD'S 8IDE. W. Gr. P. Joyner, run out - • O A. E. Ayers, c. Reeves, b. Whitridge - - I H. Edwards, b. King ------ 0 L. Giles, c. J. E. Gooden, b. Whitridge - - - 14 B. Barnes, c. H. A. Gooden, b. Whitridge - - 18 E. G. Millard, o. Ayers, b. Whitridgo - - S T. A. Beeves, c. H. A. Gooden, b. whitridge - Q A. B. Lungley, o. and b. Whitridge - - - S B. Featherstone, b. Whitridgo - - 1 J. E. Goodfellow, b. Green ----- 0 G. D.|Kennedy, not out ------ 3 Leg-byes, 3; wide,l - - - •- « 4 Total - - - - • • ~ 4{ Analysis of Bowling. Balls. JXdns. Buns. Wktq. Wide. Whitridge • - 84 B 15 1 0 King - - - 64 1 19 10 Green - » - 30 0 6 11 ME. GOODEN'B SIDE. 8\. Morcom. hit wicket, b. Goodfellow - - - tS. C. H. Gibbs, b. Barnes - - - - - -18 W. O. Whitridge, st. Millard, b. Goodfellow - 88 H. A. Gooden, l.b.w., b. Lungley - - - - t E. G- Phillips, b. Barnes ----- t F. King, c. Lungley, b. Barnes .... © J. E. Gooden, c. Barnes, b. Lungley, - - - .tt 8\. Wallace, b. Barnes ------ 4 G. Green, b. Beeves -4. T. T. Lucas, not out ------ ® T. E. Bright, absent ------- Byes j - Total Bowli ~ Mdna. Pww WVfa. J. E. Goodfellow ... 106 9 tt 8 T. A. Beeves..".' ... 60 3 H .1 B. Barnes 78 2 25- 4 A. B. Lungley ... 86 0 la a 