dPORTttfG NOTES FROM englaxm Bfc " Pod ARGUS." Pre. Susz Mail. LONDON, 29Tff September, ijwg Unfortunates solely depending on the late St. tegw favourite were ». little prepared for defeat as they were for the dainty episode attending a subsequent transaction. After the race, Kisber sound and well, was vanned to Newmarket with all convenient dispute!), &ud; agAin putiu to strong work for the Cesarewiteh. A gallop or two con vinced Mr. Baltazei that, with Sst Sib to carry the great handicap was really within Kisber's grasp, aiid the stable commissioner was instructed to secure without delay the first run of the marketi Having gone in for a big stake bv Ikltikibg all the odds that could be obtained down to 20 to 1, the astute operator was content to rest from his labour, bnt had hardly done so when an all-round demonstration of hostility broke out against the son of Buccaneer, as ve hement as the attack which hrst alarmed those heavily on him for the St; Leger. Weakness in hit hocks had indeed this time seised Kisber ahd restricted him to walking exercise facts Which the touts had " wired" to the chief betting resorts in London before the information could be conveyed privately to the financial agent, who was thus prevented hedging a shillmg.The horse then drifted to 100 to 1, and, by the advice of his trainer, the pen eventually passed through the name of Kisber, who will not run again this season. Such an illustration of the biter being bit we have not had for many a day, nor was grief provoked by the occurrence in circles where backer congregate. Affairs grew lively again, frith the Derby hero out of the way, seeing that frbni the moment the weights appeared the public had on to an " old love" in Woodlands, 4 vrs, 7st 21b. It mattered not that he belonged to a bookmaker, who himself gave an impetus to the movement by an avowal of confidence that his nag was bound to win. Yet it cannot have escaped memory that the same was said before hand of Woodlands when he ran last at Lincoln iu the Bpring, when, of coarse, cither the owner's money was nbt right, or something else was wrong : and well will it be if something similar flobS iioi iioW tfirn up. ilie scratching of Ivisbei also cleared the way for Coomassie, 4yrs, Sst 81b, owned by the Rothschilds, and trained inthesame establishment— a very beautiful mare, and already backed for thousands by the rich family connec tions. But Blanton — from whose stable came Duke of Parma, the winner last year — has a strong favourite in HopbloOm, 3 yrs, 6st 121b. frhcj ih A trial before the 6t. Leger, beat Wild Tdmmy (the second for that event) by a neck, blanton has luck such as seldom waits upon others of his class, as in The Ghost, 4 yrs, 7st 91b, it is generally conceded that he holds the trump card for the Cambridgeshire, besides being represented in that spin by metal such as Lolly- pop, Brigg Boy, and Rascal. Whether either of the " good things" referred to pull through frill probnblj be known before this meets the eye ; if not, patience must be taxed until my fiefct comes to hand. tn the muster this week— the last in Septem ber—of the forces at Nfewihatket, we are re- thuided that the season is well on the wane. The Jockey Club assembled thereat had before it the sub-committee's draft of the revised rules of racing, some of which are of the most strin gent character, and impose additional responsi bility on the managers of racecourses, bnt as modifjcatipns may be in&ifidufieft;, farther notice must ior the present stand over. With regard to the week's sport, ninety-two were weighted for the Great Eastern Handicap (six furlongs), but the starters numbered only seven. There min odds of 6 to 4 were taken that Timour and Hazledea-H, 6s c 111b each, jointly would beat Hie rest ; but the latter, belonging to Mr. Baltazzi. who backed her lor £30G, failfefi tq ecu re even i kile Timoili ldnded. Prince Solty- koirs colours a neck from Prince Arthur, and again brought Blanton t9 the fore. The quar tette of wretches sent to oppose Hellenist for the Graud Duke Michael Stakes (one mile and a quarter) might have been passed over hut for including the notoriously mis-named All Heart, whe, was indulged with the lead for a few Btriaes, but turned it up in hiS iletlal cowardly manner, dud Hellenist, backed against the field, v 011 as he pleased. The Bnckenham Stakes, al- w ays an interesting race for youngsters, on this occasion attracted bnt three to measure swords Falmouth's formidable representative m S"via, a son of Blair Athol and Silverhair, aQ(l upou whom 7 to 4 was laid ; but the hand ome \ erneuil (who, though far from fit, showed 0 advantage at Doncaster) again made his winning mark, atld upset the pot by half a gth, leaving it to be greatly regretted by the fenchmen that he is not engaged in the Derby year. The disappointment thus occasioned bord Falmouth's followers was, however, compensated by Lady Golightly holding her I? a Produce Stakes, and certaiuly no bet- Lut- sea8 'h has been seen. Old Lilian, stead of proceeding to the stud, keeps running » and in attempting to give 31b to La oureu.se, suffered e3£y defeat in a handicap 1 ne mile and a half). Hesper, for whom Mr. . aitsute1 gave 2,500gns., after lowering the louts -of Lowlander at the' Craven meeting, him this week in the Kentford Stakes, fl cuieverly confirmed the Correctness of the nfr' after which he became the property diaf f n Maeliell for 2,00Qgns., who imme- hfcs resld him to the Lord Lonsdale who ®7Ceeed kis deceased brother, and intends aon lnfjin a racing stad, of which Joseph Can- ii continue the trainer. The horses Ml) belonging to the late Lord r«n& auction on the 26th inst. No tain M l P"ces were forthcoming, and Cap- hamm - 11 was the principal purchaser, the in nine instances telling to his nod. Whim ' tok Coventry, 5 yrs, by Tim. T,.- r out of Cherwell, by Oxford, once a fair lion. TkU turf, but now made up as a stal- sanii ? the small scale, lie is still a very «itpnTj - g horse, but has been slightly over- ounlS fcL111 sinews ; otherwise he is temin' i 6 roia blemish, and, therefore, anun- j'ionly cheap bargain. Regarding the other doJ «®rid«d on the heath, Lowhmder went a second time before Eooasais in the Brie and Bruci's fine speicut down the WoS?6 te the SnMlWeU Stakes, for tl_ far-old», the lidter of whom, before the TfPchased by Mr.Gommfor3,fi00gns. gjjWteber Handiip on thsi. Briday wjw ; a ' aa?. ®nocoss than the Great jBastwrn Btekes, i Port c,»ried off by an outsider— New- tlieliSn?1? us Mungo-while by Chert-0 TWO-yearrold Stakes was won 