\- 1oet'i 3 0 ornr. THE CLOSING SCENE. The fallowing ii pronoiunced by the West minrter Rec-iw to be unquestiuuably the finest A merican poem ever written-:- Within the sober rpaIm of leafless trees. The russet year inhaled the dreamy air; Like some tanned reaper, in his hourof ease, When all the fields are looking brown and bare. The grav barns, lookinig from 'their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening into vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On the dullthunderof alternat flails. All sights were mellowed and-all sounds sub dued. The hills seemed farther 'and the streams sang low, As in adream the distant woodman hewed SHis winter log with many a muffled blow. Tho embattled forests? ierowhil'armed with The bnner bright with every martial hoe, Now stood like some sad beaten host of old; Withdrawn afar in Time's, remotest blue. ,n sombre wings the vulture tried his flight; .The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's co 'cAmplaiut -~ And like a star, slow drowning in the light, "The villaze church vane seemed to pale and faint.-' The sentinel cock, up in the hillside crow Crej thrice-and all was stiller than be Silent, till some replying warden blew - "'is alion horn, and then was heard no " '" more. - fVhere es t, the-jay, within the elm's tall crest, Made garrulous trouble round her un fledged young: And when the oriole swung her swaying nest, " By every light wind like a censer swung. FWhen sang the noisy martins in the eaves. The busy swallows circling ever near Toirebioding, as the rustic mind believes, An' early harvest and a.plenteous year. Where every bird that waked the vernal ' .. feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings S at morn, \- ,warm the reaper of the rosy East And now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. tlone, from out-the stubble, piped the quail, 'And croaked the crow through all the j ` 'reary` glopm; Alons the pheasant, drummniig to th~o.vae, Made echo i the-distance to the cottage There was no bud,- no bloom upon the boThepidersmoved their thin shrouds night The thietrq do'yn, the only ghost of flowers; 'Sauila slowly by-- ssed noiseless out of lAid all this, in this most dreary air, And?where the woodbino sheds upon the ,oe p sore'.d Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there,' Firing the floor with its inverted torch.. A Amid all thiesth-e centre of the scene, lThowhite-haired matron, with monotonous tread,; s _- :". . ?led the swift wheel,- and with her joyous iSat like fate and watched the flyingthread. She had.known sorrow, Tie had walked witl " her; Oft supped;,' an~ldbroke with her the ashen \--- crust; - And in the dead leaves she still heard the ' stir ; - ' , - 1 r e of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. 'While yet her cheek was bright with summer blpom?;- ' ._ Her country, summoned and - she gave her '.all .. And twice war bowed to her his sable plume- (Regave tho'swioClto'hangdijon thie i ll:. Reugi e:ii ` kiv'id;) bitit i _f thhliaiidtlitha drew And struck for liberty the dying blow ; Nor him who, to his sire and country true, Fell,iid th irani"ks of the iiivading foe. oong, but not load, the droning wheel wont 'Lik6 tntlatow murmur o as ivo at noon ; Long, but not loaii?dthhiieniory of the gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremu lous tone. .. - Atast the thread- wasl qnapped, her head ?-oife-drrop d`stohe distaffthrough her hands And loving neighbours smoothed her care tul shroud, WVhile death and-winter closed the autumn scene. 