VICTORIAN MEMS. Mr. Hugh Ross Barclay, lately superintendent of police m the Ovens district has, as our readers are aware, lately suffered from a severe attack of illness. Having undergone a very critical operation, strong hopes are now entertained of his ultimate recovery. A feat of horsemanship was performed by a Mr. Thomas Cawkcr last week. Ho rode from Casterton to Merino, a distance of 14 miles, in 40 minutes. Mr. Wrixon, M.P., has at last made up his mind to give an account of his political stewardship. This he is to do at the Oddfellow's Hall, Belfast, to-day, the 8th July, or only three dnys previous to the assembling of Parliament. The liendigo Advertiser savs :—The postal card system appears to be admirably suited for collecting purnoses, as is illustrated by what follows :— A well-known publican of this city, somewhat given to bookmaking, had laid a wager with another caterer for public refreshment, and won it; but the wager was not paid. Five letters were written, reminding the loser that his debt of honour remained unsettled, but without the desired effect. As a last resource, a postal card was sent, on which the fact was recorded that five previous communications had lwen made on the same subject. An indignant reply was sent to the publican bookmaker, who was addressed as being the manager of the public-house for a local wine and spirit merchant. These friendly exchanges of notes did not improve the relationship between the parties, who met yesterday, when mutual upbraiding* took place that ended in a light.' The defaulting sportsman was bruised rather severelv ebout the face. The Aye asks, and answers its own question thus :—Who that has ever had dealings with the Educational department expressed himself satistied with the treatment he received ? Not the boards of advice, who have been snubbed into activity, or forced to assert their self-respect bv resignations iu globo. Not the minister of the different denominations, who with every desire to co-operate heartily in making the act a success, have been driven into open enmity, or made indifferent spectator of the working of a measure from which they are ordered to hold themselves aloof. Not any member of the general public, who has ever been unfortunate enough to have business to transact at the Education office, and whose soul has been crushed and spirit weighed down under reams of foolscap and bales of red tape. And not any teacher, whose work has been impeded by departmental rules conceived in an unfriendly spirit, who is made to feel that years of service in teaching give him 110 claim to 'rank as the equal ot a clerk. A wife-beater was nicely served out a few day since (says the Geeioiy Advertiser). The individual referred to is too well-known in the town, and from all accounts it seems he considered he had reason to suspect his wife, and followed her round the town on Sunday. When she got home he, viewing everything through yellow spectacles, began to ill-treat her. The servant was a witness of the occurrence, ami remonstrated with the husband, and told him he was 110 man to hit a woman. In the morning he got up, and going to the servant told her she was too " cheeky," and ordered ber to " clear out." She then gave him some more of her mind, and he struck her, thinking she would take it as quietly as his wife. But not being so disposed, she spraugupand gave him such a fearful belaboring with her fists that both his eyes were blackeued, and his face altogether disfigured. The man's family stood and watched the operation without attempting to interfere, and seemed thoroughly satisfied that he had caught a Tartar. The girl, who is ot Irish descent, left as soon as possible, and talks in high glee of what she did to the wife-beater. Since the occurrence the man has not shown himself. Is neuralgia extant in Scotland ? We ask the question because the St. Anuwrf Mercury says :— " An infallible cure for neuralgia is said to be a poultice and tea made from our common field thistle. The leaves are macerated and used 011 the part affected as a poultice, while a small quantity of the leaves are boiled down to the proportion of a quart to a pint; and a small wine glass of the decoction drunk before each meal." Our Melbourne correspondent writes :—" By an Indian paper I see that Captain Burton, of African and Asiatic travel celebrity, lias patented a pistol that can kill at 500 yjrnls ; the barrel is like that of a good riJle cut short, and with a butt as of an ordinary pistol, but a steel bar is fixed at right angles on the barrel, so that when firing the left baud grasps the steel bar, and the left arm is extended as in archery. The right hand regulates the aim and pulls the trigger. The great merit is that wild animals or an enemy can be fired at from horseback without bring the weapon to the shoulder. The recoil is scarcely felt by the rigidly extended leJt arm." One of the saddest cases we have ever heard of occurred in Melbourne (says the Aram' Advertiser) in connection with the scarlet fever epidemic, which has visited that metropolis. A gentleman moviug in a good position, when on business up-country, had,one of his children attacked with the disease. The child was a little boy of some six or seven years of age, described as one of the brightest little fellows that could be imagined. Indeed, BO rapidly was liis intellect developing that his lather was advised to keep him from school for some months. When the gentleman returned to Melbourne he found his son prostrated with the fever; then came measles and dropsy, and finally water 011 the brain. At length the patient vosc from a sickbed, and regained strong and vigorous health ; but tlie lad of so much promise had become an idiot. His intellect is now hopelessly warped, aud he is dangerous. How much better death would have been than such a recovery as this may well be imagined. Thoy are prospecting for coal down Warrnambool way. A depth ot 300 feet has already been breached without either coal or shale being fouud, but the company, not at all discouraged, intend to go much deeper. The Thomson River Copper Company in Gippsland have, it is stated, given notice of intention to construct a tramway from their works to the railway at Traralgon. This will enable them to get their ore smelted at Footscray, where it can be done more cheaply than on the spot. A Gippsland paper states that so frightened were the residents of BIflckall Creek when a case of scarlet fever occurred, that the majority of them cleared out intending to return when the plague, ior this is about what the scarlet fever epidemic amounts to, has passed away. The receipts from the government railways for the week ending 22nd June amounted to jfl5,514, against £15,300 for the corresponding week of last year. Weekly average, 51 weeks—187G, £19,090 ; 1875, £17,81 8. Aggregate to date from 1st July—1870,,£973,627 ; 1875, £908,746. Passengers—1876, 32,166; 1875, 32,351. The prizes at 'the last drawing of the London Art Union have been distributed amongst the Australasian colonies iu the following proportions .-—Victoria, 18 ; South Australia, 24 ; New South Wales, 7; Tasmania, 4; Queensland, 2 ; Western Australia, 1 ; New Zealand, 4; total, 60\. The big prize, a work of ai t of the value of £300, goes to South Australia. As some of the workmen employed at the gravel pits at Marnock Vale were prosecuting their labors on Monday, in digging out the material, they came (says the Gccloiuj News) upon a skeleton in a perfect state of preservation, about two feet from the surface. It is believed to be that of an aborigine from the appearance of the reiuains. It is more than probable that the surmise is correct, and the body is one of the now almost defunct Barrabool tri ble. The police have not been communicated with on the matter, as those who found the bones did not consider it necessary. On Friday, the ltith June, Robert Downio, "the Harton Hills Ghost," was brought before the Macarthur Police Court, when he indignantly denied that he had dressed himself up in a sheet. He was, pending the aljsence of a material witness, remanded for a week. During the first investigation a sailor declared that he had seen the ghost aud had actually fired a double- barrelled gun, loaded with buck shot, at it. The charge passed through the ghost, which then vanished, which it is highly probable a ghost would do if so peppered. The sailor was confident it could not be a man, as he was only twenty yards oil' it when he bred, and bad it been a human being it would have dropped down dead. In past years Victoria looked to California for supplies of novelties in the operatic, dramatic, aud "nigger" line of business. Nearly all our stars, white or block, came thence—though originally from within the sound of Bow Bells, or the beautiful city of Cork. But San Francisco, it appears, now looks to Melbourne for novelties for the boards of her theatres. Mr. Farley, lately the basso of the English opera company, has gone thither, and he is to he followed, by the July mail steamer, by Mr. Dampier (from the Theatre Royal), Mr. and Mrs. Bracv (Miss Clara Thompson), Mr. and Mrs. Bell (Miss Jenny Winston), and other members of the Royal ami Opera-house companies, who are engaged by Mr, Kirby for Macguire's opera-house in the City of the Golden Gate, and a long tour in America, throughout which they will play in English opera bouffe. Another of the esteemed pioneers of commerce in Victoria has closed his eyes in enduring sleep. Mr. Edward Whitby, J.P.", who expired a few days since at his residence, Brunswick, was one of the few who in our pre-auriferous days maintained the character of the British merchant, for just integrity, strict fair-dealing, and fiditciaiy punctuality, at a time when such an example was beacon-like. He had witnessed in his career the rise and decay of numberless firms, started with high expectations, and his reminiscences of the humble origin of the many established houses who now rear a princely head were deeply interesting and memorable. His public career, though limited in decree, was markedly influenced by the philanthropic benevolence of his disposition, and the Victorian Society of Blues, of which he was for many years president and treasurer, have cause to mourn sincerely the loss ol the untiring almoner who dispensed their benefactions to his brother Crugs. On the evening preceding Mrs. Neill's appearance at the Society of Arts, the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Perry) read a paper at the Colonial Institute on the rise and progress of Victoria. Coming from one who had lived in the colony ere gold had spread its reputation throughout tlie globe ; who had seen its constant advancement, and who knew it at the present, his remarks were of special interest, the more particularly as he had ever abstained from mixing himself up with the politics of the country, whilst carefully observing all that passed. * Having now quitted Victoria for good, and being domiciled in England, he felt that he could give utterance to his thoughts without reservation. His opinion of the colony iu res|)ect to its material progress is naturally a very high one. Of the political atmosphere it is somewhat different, and he views with grave feelings of apprehension the educational system, leading, as he believes it is likely to do, to the growing up of the rising generation in absolute ignorance of Christianity. His lordship spoke ot the prevalent love pf law and order in the colony, and u noted that even at the height of the gold fever, the most heinous offences were nnished, without, having recourse to Judge Eynch. The state of society in the colony he regained as quite equal to that of the mother country ; and speaking of the condition of mechanics and laborers, he considered that iu no country in tho world were they so well off. The lake in the park at Clliltem will, some day or other, become the resort of the more peculiar species of wild fowl, an well aa the more common auck. A day or two ago, (writes the Standard) we saw a fine specimen of a spoonbill, engaged in looking after a livelihood, and also five very large black swans, which it was supposed had come to condole with the white ones on the miserable life they lead in their present captivity. Speaking of the white swans, we notice that besides limiting them to an insufficient supply of food, some official barbarian has cut off a half wing of each to prevent them from flying. And as the lake is covered with other people's geese it may be imagined that food is getting scarcer and scarcer. Besides this the geese chase the swanB and lead thein such a life as must make them regret being at Chiltern. We wish some common sense was introduced into park concerns. The winter meeting of the Geelong Racing Club came off on Saturday. The attendance was excellent, and the racing better than has been witnessed for years. For the Hurdle Race seventeen horses started, and after a good race Larrikin managed to land the stakes for his owner (Air. J. Evans, of Whitfield, near Wangaratta) by a long head from Welshman, with Planet a good third. The Hunters' Steeplechase, gentlemen riders, resulted in a dead heat l>etween Morisco and Duffer, but as the latter pulled up lame, his owner, Mr. A. Wilson, scratched him, and Morisco was declared the winner. Electricity, a two-year-old, by the Barb, won the flat race, with Gas second. Sailor, who is in fine form just now, managed to secure the Geeloug Steeplechase lor his owners, the Messrs. Chirnside, Partner being second, and Sheet Anchor^ third. The Selling Steeplechase was won by Nonsense. Messrs. W. 11. Rocke and Co., of Collins-street east, have 011 view on their premises a great curiosity, so tar as this colony is concerned, in the way of furniture. It is a drawing-room 6uite in Indian teak, carved by band in India. The carving is of the most elaborate kind, birds and flowers being faithtully delineated on the legs of the furniture, while there are delicately-modelled leaves throughout the body of the tables and the chair aud sofa backs, each leaf being formed separately, with a space between. The effect is strikingly handsome, and the new importation has attracted a good deal of atteution. An enormous amount of patient labor must have been expended in the manufacture of these articles. The Rushworth correspondent of the Jliverine Herald writes :—" It may not be uninteresting to your readers to learn that Mrs. Thompson, about whom there has been so much excitement in connection with the Hawthorn mystery, left Runnymede on Saturday last for Rushworth, her brother having accompanied her from Sandhurst, She proceeded to the house of her brother at Rushworth, where she will meet her father and other relatives, who will no doubt deeply sympathise with her in her sad affliction. I travelled in the coach with her to Rushworth, aud found her to be a most intelligent lady, but singularly sensitive. She expressed great regret at the anxiety she had caused by acting on impulse, but I think she has been more sinned against than sinning." We are sorry to learn (writes the Ararat and Pleasant Creel: Advertiser) that the farmers in the neighborhood of Longerenong are beginning to complain of the loss to which they are put by the raids of the axis deer which, they 6ay, destroy their crops. A gentleman who visited Ararat a 6hort time since stated that neither garden nor growing crop is safe from these animals, and that although farmers are paying particular attention to the strangers with gun- barrels, they increase and multiply, showing larger mobs every year. The stronghold of the deer is the Grampians, and here they are scarcely ever disturbed from their fastnesses. The deer will yet most probably be called as great a nuisance as the rabbit by those agriculturalists who suffer most from their depredations. It is some time since the axis deer have been regarded as a nuisance in Tasmania. Our Maryborough neighbors (writes the Talbot Leader) have, to use a digging parlance, struck a patch. A squatter named Moffatt, said to be worth £100,000, has taken up his quarters at the great O'F.'s well- known hostelry, aud appears to be so well satisfied with the attention paid him that he is liberally donating everyone and everything that comes before him of a deserving character. We have been informed whilst at Maryborough, that Mr. Moftatt had given a cheque for £20 to the local hospital, £10 to the Ladies' Benevolent Society, £100 to the Catholic Church Committee, and being a son of the land 0' cakes a deputation from the Scotch Church, determined to wait 011 him, but with what result we have not heard, for a similar cheque for their church improvements or liquidation of debt as the case may be. The first annual meeting of the Spectator and Methodist Chronicle Company (Limited) was held 011 Monday. The members of the committee in their report stated that though a loss had been sustained on the year's transactions, there was, considering the difficulties they had to encounter, no cause for discouragement in the fact. Several alterations and improvements were in contemplation, which it was expected would increase the popularity of the paper, and lessen the cost of its production. Tliu balance-sheet showed a loss of £374 is. lid, on the year's operations, but there was a balauce in the bank to the credit of the compauy of £283 lis. The report and balancesheet were adopted, on the rnqtion of the chairman, seconded by Mr. Crouch. The following geutlemen were elected members of the coin- ,took place as to the advisability of doing aWay with the page of general news, ajid several oftfite shareholders spoke against its continuance. - It was understood that the committee would eliminate this element from' the paper for the future, which would cause a considerable Saving. "irWllSn^tlcwrare fond of English opinions onthoir conduct, wo taiko the following from Uie Pdl Mail GaeetteThe conduct ofthe Opposition during the whole of the crisis was simply shameful, And it is a misfortune &ai; the; Speaker or the Chief Secretary did not before take a course which would puta, stop to the riotous proceedings of the minority." It is with great regret we (Ararat Adverser) have to anuounce that Father Iiogan will be again compelled to seek change of air for the benefit of his healtlyimd this feeling will he shared in by every section of the Christian church nt Ararat. Father Hogan nnnoupced last Sunday that Ins health compelled him reluctantly to request the bishop to appoint some other minister in his place for a few months. fThe clercvman above referred to was, if we mistake not, some few years ago stationed in the border district.] Some surprise was evinced in town when the Echo, in u valedictory address from its late proprietor, Mr. 1). Dateiel, sfatod that he had retired, with heavy loss, from his endeavor to establish a good evening newspaper. The Herald was ferociously jubilant, and all the other Melbourne papers*chronicled mildly the difficulties of the founder of the Echo. The little journal, however, came out as usual, and will go ou, pending the conclusion of arrangements now in progress, which may result in its merely changing hands, and going on as before. The JJcn<%o Adt-ariiter reports what it calls a hard case. A married woman who alleges 6h« was seduced by one Boyle, a well-to-do farmer at Axe Creek,"was threatened with arrest when she asked the father for support for the child, so one day she left the child m the alleged father's kitchen. For several days the child was there taken care of, and then handed to a trooper. Tin 1 , t mother was summoned, and found guilty oi desertion, ordered to pay 3s. ($d. a week for the child's support, and to find sureties " forthwith," or go to gaol. This looks hard, and the Advertiser undertakes to hold that it is illegal. There were some droll incidents in the essays by the woman in Court to identify the baby. Whatever there was of romance about the disappearance of Mrs. Thompson from Kew has been removed bv her discovery at Eaglehawk. She was not able to face her creditors, and lied to Sandhurst, where she obtained employment in the service of the gentlemau with whom she was found. No intelligence of the tragic end of her son had reached her, until a few days before she was discovered, when she gathered it from a newspaper which accidentally fell in her way, and then her grief, as might be imagined, was intense. Even then tier desire to return home was very transient, and she resolved to stay where she was rather than face her former neighbors again Altogether the storv is a very melancholy one, and shows how little one half the world knows what the trials of tb.i other half really are. The shipping business of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania (says the Melbourne correspondent of the Spectator) is extending to a remarkable extent in spite of what appears to be the depression of the times. You have noticed, of course, the late extraordinary expansion of the steam trade of the Western ports with Melbourne. The number and value of the steam-colliers that now trade between Melbourne, Sydney, and Newcastle, are sufthieutly powerful, comtnodions, and comfortable to compete with the luxurious steamers of the A. S. N. Company in the Sydney passenger trade. Tasmania has also found it necessary to send to the Clyde for another large vessel to trade between Hobart Town and Lannceston, calling at various ports now assuming importance from the development of the iron and tin mines of George's Bav, Port Lempriere, Ilfracombe, &c.; ; while New Zealand proposes to extend to Melbourne the business of the Union Steam Shipping Company of Otago. What is doing on the larger lines is shown by the splendid steamers that now, by lour routes— the Cape, the Suez, the Torres Straits, and the Pacific—connect the Australian colonies with " the wide, wide world." 