A TEMPERATE CONTROVERSIALIST. We (The Times) are asked by the father of a young man who has been lately received at St. Leonards-on-Sea into the Church of Rome to publish the following edifying correspondence The father, who is a clergyman of the Church of England, states that he is willing to give his name to anyone who may require it, but he desires us not to publish it in our columns and we, therefore, suppross, also, that of his antagonist : Sept. 3rd, 1875 Rev. Sir, Although deeply wounded and beyond measure indignant at your invasion of parental authority in the case of my poor, delicate, and therefore weak-headed boy, I write more in the spirit of duty than anger to ask you a few simple questions as a father whose instruction his son now sets at defiance, and ns owing duties towards other members of the family, whose love that once tenderly attached son now lightly esteemed. I trust you will not refuse explicit answers to them. 1\. When you rebaptized my son and admitted him to your communion on the 2nd August, after only two previous interviews, were you aware that in coming to you he was acting in direct opposition to his father's wishes ? 2. After receiving my son, did you encourage him to deceive me, telling him that, if asked where had been after visiting you and attending your chapel, he was to answer that he had been for a walk ? 3. Have you taught him opinions which he now proclaims that it is his duty to turn a deaf ear to my teachings that the voice of the priest or of the Church is superior to the inspired Word of God that it is a sin to appeal to the authorised Protestant version of the Bible in order to establish the truth or falsity of any particular doctrine ? 4. In the face of proceedings which have brought such sorrow upon hisfamiIy,haveyou taught my son, or do you approve of his holding that deli- j borate disobedience to parents, attended with aggravated circumstances of secrecy, duplicity, and ¡ treachery, is justifiable, even meritorious ; a lie I ceasing to be a lie if ordered by the Church ? 5. As I you have become the spiritual director of my son, | perhaps you will inform me whether it is your advice that he should absent himself from the wor- ' ship of the Church of England, and whether he must now, as a Roman Catholic, regard her teaching as dangerous and false. Such dogmas as I have mentioned are so repugnant to every sincere lover of truth and to every conscientious Christian, it is so difficult for an honest man to suppose another capable of holding such perversions of the simplest truths of morality, is that it is only fair to give you an opportunity of ' justifying or repudiating conduct which is utterly . contrary to all that is upright and holy. With regard to the working of the Romish system as a exhibited in my son's case, it remains for the ' fathers and mothers of this free country to decide whether they will submit to the hearts of the children whom God has given them being thus alienated from them by priestly direction and secretly admitted into a church whose teaching they believe to be contrary to the word of God at an age. when those children are not capable of forming opinions on the most important of truths for themselves. I need hardly add that I shall consider myself at perfect liberty to publish my letter to you and your reply. With earnest prayer that the cruel injury which you have done me and mine may not only be pardoned, but overruled, for advancing the truth as it is in Jesus, I remain, Rev. sir, yours obediently,-." " St. Leonards-on-Sea, Sept. 24th,- 1875. - Rev. Sirs-I have received a letter from you on the sub ' ject of your son. You there express your great aversion to my having been the instrument, in God's hands, for his reconciliation with the Church of his fathers, the Church of the living God, One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic, the pillar and foundation of truth, outside of which no one can be saved. This, however, according to your letter, seems to have given you very great umbrage indeed. It seems to vex you much and you are evidently embarrassed through it, in your position of life, as being a paid minister of an heretical scot. In whatever way, then, you might like to make your anger sensible to your son, you would like to pour out the vials of wrath upon me, and that in two ways. First, there is the manner of the Press-' you consider yourself at perfect liberty to publish your letter as well as my reply.' This reminds me of the wife of a Protestant minister, a near relation to a well-known Protestant Bishop, whom I received into the Church some time back. When she informed her husband of this occurrence, this week and Christian gentleman declared for some days that, if he could only find out this priest, he would shoot him without a moment's delay. Another time a knife and a stone were brought up here for precisely a similar motive and purpose. And now, at last, I am to be annihilated when you shall hang me upon the gibbet of the Press. Pray, however, do your best or your worst in this way shall be able to fight the Press as well as yourself. From all such I expect but 40 stripes save one, 2. Your second way of venting your displeasure is by writing in an abusive manner about the Catholic Church and the version of the tenets that you choose shall belong to it. The dogmas of this Church, as taught by me, and so repugnant to every sincere lover of truth and to every conscientious Christian, . . . it is difficult for an honest man to suppose another capable of holding such a perver- sion of the simplest truths of morality.' What are these dogmas that you thus fall foul of that any one should absent himself from the worship of the Church of England and regard their teaching is dangerous and false. When you wrote this you must have been fully aware that, not to mention others, the Dissenters ' absent themselves from the worship of the Church of England and regard her teaching as dangerous and false.' Pray, why are not all such persons as good and conscientious Christians and sincere lovers of truth as yourself ?' I think when you talk in this wild way you must have been studying the style of that ecclesiastical mountebank in his lucubrations on Wesleyan ministers. And, further, you proceed to vituperation the Catholic Church by fastening on it a code of morals of your own invention, and then inquire, with a benignant simplicity and force, ' whether I approve of duplicity and treachery being justifiable, and whether I approve of deliberate disobedience to parents, attended with aggravated circumstances of secrecy, duplicity, and treachery being justifiable and even meritorious -, a lie ceasing to be a lie if ordered by the Church. Now, do you suppose that I or any one else will think for a moment that you are asking such a question with a desire for real information ? Oh no ! for having asked it no doubt you will pause for a reply. For here is the grand theme for the Press. Just show what these Romish priests and Jesuits are Uko ; their knavery and underhanded system have only to be exposed, and even named, in order to be shown up in their true light. ' A lie ceasing to be a lie if ordered by the Church, and becoming thus justifiable and even meritorious." From reading Dr. Wordsworth, you have passed on to the late Charles Kingsley. Do you think that none of us have heard of this jaunty and sneaking calumniator, who once, in an unhappy moment for himself, ascribed such sentiments to Dr. Newman and his fellow Catholics t On that occasion he accused Dr. Newman of preaching doctrine that would make people be come affected, artificial, sly, shifty, ready for son continents and equivocations.' Though this flippant slanderer afterwards got a Court pension, it was almost a pity that Dr. Newman bestowed so much pains on the ignominious kicking that he inflicted upon him. No ; before you ask your impertinent question about the Catholic Church, you had better go round to the convict prisons of England and ascertain how many persons are confined in them for forgery, theft, and other such crimes and after that, after very little exertion, you will also discover how many Protestant squiroB arid gentlemen there are in England who, from their misgivings about your colleagues, never permit once, under any pretext whatever, to pass the threshold of their doors. So, also, of your next question-' whether the voice of the priest is superior to the inspired Word of God.' I gather that you are not in reality asking a question but that you mean to assert more or less, that this is also the doctrine of the Church. The phraseology, however, seems to be borrowed from the unctuous candour of Exeter-hall. Now the penny Catechism which I enclose will supply you with complete and definite information, so that you will find that you were totally wrong in supposing that the voice of the priest is superior to the inspired Word of God.' Further, when you inquire whether 'it sensing to appeal to the authorised Protestant version of the Bible, that all depends, as you must know, whether it is, firstly, a complete, and, secondly a reliable version. Now, if there be any vast suppression of the same ed books, and if, besides, a number of passages were designedly translated in a most glaringly, false, and corrupt manner for various base and iniquitous motives, then snell a volume is not the sacred Scripture and it would be but an insult to the God of Truth, as being wholly a worthless counterfeit of His Holy Word. Whatever your own opinion respecting it, there are still a vast body of people in the world who declare looking upon James I the Star Chamber, and the corrupt Legislature of that period as being either infallible or as having the least moral or intellectual weight for guarantee- ing any translation of the Word of God. And, therefore, if your Bible rests only on Rush support, it would be but telling a lie to the Holy Ghost to make the slightest appeal to it. However, under the hands of your Bible Revision Committee, whose members belong to all the scots, the Dean of Westminister, and Dr. Colenso, the authority of your present Protestant version is just on the eve of collapse ; while this coming one may, have to await the confirmation of a Privy Council, and Parliament, presided over by snell coming lights as Kenealy, Bradlaugh, and Odgor. In general, I find that you aioaggrioved at the invasion of your parental authority,' which seems to awaken in you the expectation that the fathers' and mothers in this free country must decide' whether they will submit to the hearts of their children, whom God has given them, being secretly admitted into a church whose touching they be- have to be contrary to the Word of God at an age when those children Bro not capable of forming an opinion for themselves on the most important truths.' To be sure, the fathers and mothers in this free country, who for those last twenty years I have been turning their children out of doors, locking them up in prison in their own homes, and disinheriting them, because, even as grown-up men and women, they only exercised their liberty in becoming reconciled to the Catholic Church. And when, in workhouses and all such institutions, for wholesale pitiless prating away by force of thousands of our children, away from their parents, who execrate the sects into which their little ones are plunged more even than hell. And, as if we had all forgotten the grim crusade of Protestantism in Ireland these 30 yours back, going with its counterfeit Bible in the one hand and its leadership in the other, and, he cause that Catholic people in their liberty would not desert the Church of their heart, were left by tens of thousands to perish by famine. Better a million times over had they fallen into the hands of Turks or cannibals, who sucked up their blood, than to have perished under the stark dereliction of these last myrmidons of a Protestant apostolate. I have now to give you to under stand, in the most unmistakable manner, that, whatever the reputed communicativeness of the lady inmates of parsonages may be, I cannot enter into any of the details of the interviews between your son and myself, either for publication or another purpose. And it is altogether un- heard of for a priest to divulge to any third party either the questions of those who con Btilt him or the advice he may think proper to give them.' Having said thus much I must assure you that had you written to me without the use of expressions such as I have been discussing, and without such adjectives as Romish,' I might and should have met you in alike spirit. But the whole style of your letter reminds me of that phrase of Dr. Newman's, when he describes Protestants as supposing that they live aloft in a drawing-room, and there throwing down upon us Catholics ony mud or other missive, as good enough, indeed, for us, whom they regard as best but as being down in the gutter. Whoever it may be who assails my religion, or whatever he may suppose himself to be, will find, when it is my turn to speak, that he had better be cautious, should he lavish upon it abuse and opprobrious terms. Finally, in the face of the 1,000 ministers and members of the two great Universities who have, in spite of the greatest earthly sacrifices, left Protestantism to enter that Church, against which the gates of hell shall not prevail, be not so positive. In sight of all those ancient churches and parishes in your own county, all whose steeples and walls proclaim that they were built and founded by your Catholic forefathers, pause ! lest on the Day of Judgment they who raised them should call God to condemn you, because, in sight of His eternal law, you are but a usurper in one of them. Pause ! for obstinately resisting the Church of the living God, and refusing to enter it, the sword of God's eternal damnation is hanging over your head, and it requires but the moment of death for it to fall upon you and plunge you into that eternal min where there is no order, where there is gnashing of teeth, where the worm never dies, and where the fire is never extinguished. I am, Rev. Sir, your obedient servant,-." In connection with the above letters The Times wrote in the following caustic and singular terms: From a pleasant correspondence which we publish to-day it appears that the Roman Catholics in this island have achieved one more signal success. One more minute-gun sounds the death of the Establish- ment and the reign of its successor. Counting all heads, we believe about an average of one a week has left his native communion for the Church of Rome during the last thirty years, and, though it is true our population increases rather quicker, a converts week can be made, if not important, at least aggravating. In our humble opinion, the present instance will not be thought exceptionally promising or honourable to the captors. This is the season for sport, and there is a difference between game-bags. The Priest who dates from St. Leonard's on-the-Sea is evidently beside himself for joy at having secured one who we have no doubt is justly described as a delicate and weak-minded boy, after only two conversations. Our critical readers will be disposed to think that the letter of the outraged parent adds to the probability that this is a perfectly correct account of the poor waif and stray. But it is not the intrinsic worth of the booty that is considered by the true sportsman. The sickly imbecile stands for a good deal more than his own body and soul. He is the son of " a paid minister of a heretical sect," and of " a lady inmate of his parsonage" necessarily addicted to tale-bearing. His conversion, it is intimated, cannot but embar- miss his father and damage his relations with the Establishment to which his interests are committed. It was quite certain that the kidnapping of the poor and would exasperate the parent, just as the surest way to got a shot at a beer is to capture one of its cubs. It happened to be equally certain that the bereaved parent would afford excellent sport, laying himself open to good shots, and coming within reach of the axe and the knife, with hardly a chance of defending himself, much less of getting back his missing progeny. To ordinary people it might appear that the joy over the rescue of this lamb from the horrors of Protestantism would render his deliverer more sympathetic with the not unnatural grief of a father, even though a heretical clergyman. Nothing of the sort'; every expression of agony or perplexity only affords to this kind pastor an opportunity of flinging some ugly missile at the convert's father-some abuse of his counterfeit Bible," some allusion to his brother clergy now lying in our gaols all over the country for forgery, theft, and other crimes, some notice of his domestic way of life. Upon the whole, so far, at any rate, as his opponent's good intentions are concerned, the sort of figure which the poor English parson makes after the conflict must remind any one of the victim of an agrarian feud or a faction fight. He is left on the roadside a mass of scarcely breathing, hardly even throbbing, mortality hard to say what bone is not broken, where the skin is uninjured, what were the features, what shape the skull, so pommeled, battered, and pounded. The Priest dances on the prostrate form, wields his shillelagh like a flail, stamps rough- shod on the yielding ribs, and deans us with victorious yells, The most we can hope is that life is left in the father. When we are assured on that point, we shall beg to offer the sorry consolation that we cannot think it matters very much what his poor simpleton of a son fancies he believes. It is not worth while regretting the leading away of any one who can pin his faith his eternal destinies, as he supposes-on such a being as the writer of the letter before us. We are only carrying out the declared wishes of this amiable gentleman in publishing his letter, and calling attention to a few of its salient points. He is well able, he says, to fight the Press, and, indeed, be does it by anticipation. He affirms, as a matter of fact occurring but the other day, that, having " received into his Communion a clergyman's wife, upon her informing her husband of this trifling "occurrence," the infuriated spouse immediately sought his life with a gun, while either he or another aggrieved person beset the Priest's residence, prepared to stab him or stone home to death. The father of the land has received into Rome having asked some questions, to the effect that no just development of revealed truth could be a violence to the laws of nature, of family life, and of human society, the Priest declines to give replies, which, he says, will only he employed to hang him upon the gibbet of the Press. This is about the only glimpse of real sense in his letter, for while he is ready enough to exchange blows on any other point of controversy, he is not prepared to deny that the authority of his Church is paramount over all civil laws, social institutions, and natural order. Passing over other matters, the priest comes to the angel ed father's question, " is the voice of the priest superior to the Word of God ? " and takes the opportunity to describe the authorised version as pre- eminently characterised by "numbered passages designedly translated in a most glaringly false and corrupt manner from various base and iniquitous motives," and therefore not Sacred Scripture at all, but rather an insult to Him who is all truth, and a worthless counterfeit of His Holy Word. The gentleman who writes in this pleasant vein about the Englishman's birthright may, for all that we know, have possibly himself been taught once to revere the volume he now recklessly abuses. At all events, we should have supposed that even he might he aware that a good many of the converts he boasts of still cherish the deepest admiration and love for the version he thus describes that they feel they never , ! can transfer their heart's loyalty to the Latin Vulgate ; and that they also are well aware, as they say, that as long as the English people here and read the Bible from their infancy, the very words, the very sound, the rhythm in their memories will effectually prevent their going over to the communion of Rome. But it is not a fountain of sweet water that this gentleman will prefer. With the certainty of publication, this mean-spirited martyr then proceeds to inform the world of a Docinn Per- secution now raging for and wide on behalf of our apostate Church, with its share Bille. Young pair pie converted to the true Church are turned out of doors or shut up in prisons. The children of Catholic parents are torn away from them wholesale by Protestant pirates, and forced to learn what their parents execrate worse than Hell. Because the Irish would not desert the Church of their heart, they were left, we are informed, by tons of thousands to perish by famine. At the same time, " Better a million times over, he adds, " had they fallen into the hands of Turks or cannibals who sucked up their blood, than to have perished under the stark dereliction of those last myrmidons of a Protestant Apostolate In the midst of this torrent of abuse the writer is suddenly and strangely reminded of a saying that Protestants live aloft in a drawing-room, and amuse themselves by throwing down mud on the Catholics in the gutter below. The writer must have confused the ports, or the positions, or the missiles, in this reference The occupants of a drawing-room have no mud within reach ; it is the gentleman in the gutter who enjoy j this advantage, and sometimes avail themselves of it, The writer before us is well placed and well armed for his purpose. He throws handfuls and handfuls of mine in rapid succession, not downwards, hut upwards, at the people who have been so foolish as to open their windows and enter into communication with him. We should think that by this time the unhappy father of the converted imbecile- recognises the value of his opponent'! advice. " He had better be cautious. " Nobody in his senses would allow himself to be provoked to a quarrel with a burly scavenger scooping mud by painful a into his cart. He" has only to twist his wrist a quarter of its circumference and the next shovelful comes straight at your eyes. This is precisely the situation of this unfortunate father and would-be Protestant polemic. Perhaps we ought to be obliged to the Hildebrand of St. IieoiùriVs-on-tho-Sea for the honesty with which he sets out those secrets of the heart which others can hide so well. He tells us plainly what he and his must think of everybody who does not acknowledge the supremacy of his church, and what he considers the relation proper to parties so utterly disagreed. It is war, if not to the knife, yet to a point that will render life intolerable. A priest, it seems, is a man, with a mission and a plenary authority to inveigle everybody-youth, child, wife, daughter, learned or simple-first to a secret plot against the natural authority, and then to an insolent defiance of it, with the threat that the least show of indignation will be retaliated with a rasping fire of the most cowardly missiles. To the weaker class of minds this is a reign of terror, and not a bit better than the secret organise , tions which keep Southern Italy and Sicily still in a semi-barbarous state. It is not every body who has the courage to run the risk of such an attack on his character, his position, and those about him and even where there is the courage, the wisdom may still be wanting. No wonder. The situation is unusual, and we have no right to expect it in a peaceful country like this, where we are all supposed to confide in one another's honest and peaceful intentions. But here, through a gap, we see an Infallible Church with her fury, her judgments on us, and her denunciations on every class, person, and thing, every act, public or private that is not of hers. As through a chink, we see I the burning lava and the implacable wrath of Rome. It is not that other Churches have no intemporate clergy ; but when they happen to be afflicted with a firebrand, his more discreet brethern are found eager to repudiate him. The Church of Rome holds that any stick will do to beat a dog with, and finds her use for the most audacious dogmas and the most intemperate of ministers. The writer before us is unguarded and free spoken-very free in act, word and deed. But till he is disavowed we must conclude that he is only more honest than his fellows. __^^____^____ 