A TRIP BY RAIL. TO THE EDITOR OP THE SIEROURV. SIR,—As tho arrangements on tho Main Line Rail- way aro reported to bealmost completed, it may inte- rest some of your renders to know what sett of a trip they may havo boforo thom if they trust thomsolvoB to tho caro of i tho Tasmanian Main'Lino Railway with tho expectation of being dclivcicd at their destination within anything like loasonablo tiino. Tempted by the lefleution that the aveiago nnmbci of stoppages and detentions lind happened for tho wook ending tho 13th May, I took my ticket by the Main Line and Btatted on the down journey to Launceston by the 10 n.mvtrain on Friday, hoping to arrive'in time to catch1 the Launceston tram at Evandale. There wore four pnssougors in tho first class carriage, including myself, and ns one of them I was an old acquaintance, we got on very comfort- I ably together, "The carriago in which we wore travelling had been placed upon new springs, and the difference in the motion between it and the second class carriage in ft ont of us was very perceptible. It is to bo hoped that all tbo carriages will soon be placed upon their new Bprings, 'for the jolting is moro than human nature can endure unpadded, and somo day wo shall hoar that a few of the second class passengers have bcoomo exhausted, or given up tho ghost on the journey. But, to return to myself. My carriago was very comfortable, and; but for the swaying motion, I do not see how it could have boen improved on. I could read comfortably, and smoke without any danger of putting a lighted match in my eye, an improvement on tha previous state of things, which all consumers of tobacco will appreciate!.. The 10.a.m. train is not a fast one, and the tedium of the journoy is intensi- fied by the dilatoriuess of the officials at the BtatioiiB. Perhaps I am wrong in crediting them with the long and apparently purpose- less stoppages ; -but' it Beemed to mo, from the frequent calls of " hold on there, don't go yet ;" j " all right, we'll waitforyou,"etcetora,tbatthetimo table wjs the last thing that was thought of, and that the'officials woto not particular 'as to when I they started. Our trip was a very pleasant one | until ive got to Oatlands, and from thence it rained j heavily. At Antill Ponds we stayed for refresh- I ment, and as I bud been led ,to expect from the advertisements tlia't'excellent accommodation was provided for travellers by tho. Main Line at moderate prices, 'I' congratulated myself with the idea that I should do ample justice to the dinner. Aloa ! for these'delusive visions ;'the reality dispelled them uttorly. My friend gave one look nt the table and'retreated, preferring, so he said, tho solitude and fasting to be found in the empty carriago to the dirt and starvation to be met with at the coldly furnished feast. I really never Baw BO poor a dinner set before travellers at an inn, and the cloth and etceteras were in keeping with the dinner. After leaving Antill Ponds things went voi y smoothly until we reached Campbell Town, and here aroso a conflict (no blows'wère struck) between the guard'and three commercial travellers. The point in dispute was this, had tho guard the light to fix the rate of freight for their boxes of samples or not. The biggest and' noisiest of the travellers maintained that ho was being charged more for his packs from Oatlands to Campbell Town than from Hobart Town to Oatlands, and he refused to submit, dared the guard, who, by-the-bye, seemed to be very quiet and inolTensive, to take 'his 'packs into Launceston', and see what caine of it. He wonld do his bent for tho future to Bend everything by waggon, etc. After we had parted with theso gontlemon we went comfortably without accident into the Evandalo junction. I had been so pleased with the up trip that I determined to return by the Main Line, fondly hoping that I i should bo as comfortable as when I carne up, but I had overlooked tho chapter of accidents, and bad , not allowed for the avcrago weekly break-downs. | I reached Antill Ponds at 9 o'clock after the most miserable i ¡do. Wa were late, so the guard said, and wo had to make up the time, and wa did make it up, but at what cost to tho suffering atoms enclosed ni {tho carriages ? It was next to luipossibo to smoke, for the jolting almost prevented me from keeping liiy pipe in my mouth, and it was quite impossible to reclina ; theia was nothing for it but sitting as upright as you could, and keeping as close to tho cushions aB, the situation would permit of. At Antill Ponds thcio was no proparation for supper, but after a timo an old lady, who appeared to exerciso tho position of housekeeper, informed me that they would put soma cold beef on tho tablo piesently. In due course the remains of what had been a round of cold beef did make its appearance, and I, was invited i to partako therefrom. What- ever effect tho down ti ip had had upon my body externally, it had, not deprived mo of, appetite, and I managed to di) pretty nell. Tho coffee was without milk, because the cook, pr responsible poison, had i of used to milk, so it was partaken of without. As soon ns I had finished a fresh supper was laid, or rather I should say tho same supper, min ii« my shale, was rearranged, and the firemen or stokers belonging to the engine carno in. These unfortunates lind no chance of washing them- selves, and although they woio loud iti their demands for water, thoy could not got any. Ono of tho liromen, who was, perhaps, a trillo blacker than the others, announced his intention of seeking the cook and getting water by forco, if noceB saiy ; but a pathotic appeal from the' old lady dis- suaded him, and he went to his repast grumbling loudly at being obliged to sit dawn to his meals in such a state of dilt. The old lady declared that if the cook was roused up he would not cook the breakfast, so that they would be worse off than ever. I was shown to my room at 10, and in spite of the trifling dm whack that the bed had not been made since tho last occupant left, I soon fell asleep. I was aroused uottmorniiig ato o'clockby tho whistlo of tho engine, aud, nu descending, I was presented with a cup'of milklcBS cofl'eo, but no breakfast or apology for breakfast made au appeal ance. Of course it w as quito dai k, and the cold » as intense. It was so cold that sleep was. out of tho question, if tho motion of tho'carringe would havo permitted it. No ona should travel on tho Mniu Lino without plenty of wraps,'foi'tho presonfc cariinges aro very cold, and Um wind whistles in at tho windows mut doora or vontiUtora. We had not gone many miles before our engine refused to work, but at last after much coaxing and a delay of an hour and a half, we managed to crawl to the tunnel; from here we slid down to Jerusalem, but we could go not further, a defect in the fireplace preventing it from holding fuel. I was told that I might go away for an hour or two if I liked, as the journey could not be resumed until an engine was sent from town. I was not sorry to have liberty to try what Jerusalem could furnish to allay the pangs which had been tormenting me for the last hour, so I sent a telegram to my friends in Hobart Town, telling them that nothing extraordinary had happened, and started to find a breakfast. It was half-past 11 o'clock, and I had nothing since 9 the night before, so I was quite prepared to overlook the quality if I could only get the necessary quantity of food. I directed my steps to the Jerusalem Inn, kept by Chas. Lamb, so an ancient sign-board informed me; and on my asking for breakfast I was shown into a very nice, warm, little, old-fashioned sitting-room. What a contrast to the inn at Antill Ponds. Here everything was clean and comfortable, and the chops which soon made their appearance, satisfied me that the .Jerusalem cook knew her business. Jerusalem is not a lively place for a stranger; so after I had inspected the churchyard, and read the inscriptions on the tombstones, there was nothing to do. The express came up empty, and the ten o'clock train had three passengers. These chaffed us unmerci- fully, but I behove that their experiences of a trip on the Main Line will make them sympathise with a similar misfortune the next time they meet with it, for I am told that they wero de . lay oil'on tho Uno, or missed tho last train into Launceston from the Evandale Junction. At 1 o'clock tho oxprcss ongino which had boon sent for, raado its appearance, mid at 10 minutes pïtst ono, having two anginas, tho disabled ano ¡laving boon,fitted up temporarily so as to assist, wo bid adieu to Jerusalem ; long may it bo before I pay it so long a visit. Wo íeaoliod C.impania all right, but haling stopped thoio to refresh, wo staitcd, it would BCOIII, without ono who might Jiayocboenjexpoeted to bo "on board." iug and cooeying soon told us something'Was wrong; mid on j looking out nt tho carriago, window wo saw a man running fiantioalTy aftor us. When about thrco-quaitors of a milo lind been got qver, thoao in ohargo of tho engines lind their attention attracted to tho laggaul, who was waited 'for. But hero aroBo another difficulty. Wo had pulled np on an incline, and on attempting to start, it was puff, puff, but no go. Tho" two engines,'" on tho faith of which a lot of extra trucks wero tagged on, wero powerless. Tho trajn would not move. There waa nothing for it bnt'to'tiy back. This was easily managed, aud wo soon found ourselves on the lovel at (Jampatiia. A frosh start was essayed, and fortunately successfully, wo got up the incline without bitch. Westopped on tho road to take in wood, and arrived in town at half past three, having accomplished tho 39 miles from Jerusalem jn 2 hours and 20 minutes. When the lino'is iii proper ' working order, it is to bo hoped that these breakdowns will not bo so frequent. I was told at Jerusalem that it was an unusual occurrenco for all tho trains to get past there without an accident or detuntiou, and I am induced to believe that tho statement is corrcot. No olio who lins any regard for comfort, will travel in a ourringo that is not fitted with now springs, mid unless tliu company dcairo to seo the carriages always, empty, thuy will losp np time iii altering all those that aro not_ altered already. Under the existing Btato of things it is impossible to tay wben you will got to your destination. '1 waB 21 hours getting through, and otltar pooplo havo boen quite as long before. I suppose- that things will shake down in time, and unlit they aro settled, I recom- mend all travellers by rail to tako a good stock of provisions, and to'bo prepared to camp out. i * You is. otc.. j_ VICTIM.; 