Items of News. The English Mail. — Early on Satur- day morning the arrival of the R.M.S. China was telegraphed from Adelaide, and the letters and papers brought by her were delivered at Hamilton yesterday. Hamilton Post-office— The out- going mail for England will close at the Hamilton Post-office on Monday, and letters posted up to midnight on that day will be duly forwarded, although, being Easter Mon- day, the Post-office will be closed externally. People who may desire to send money-orders to England will have to get them on Satur- day. The Easter Holidays. — It is notified in the Government Gazette that Friday and Saturday, the 14th and 15th April, and Monday and Tuesday, the 17th and 18th April, will be observed as holidays (Easter) in the public offices. In the departments of the Customs, the Post-office, and electric telegraph and railways, facilities will be afforded to prevent any inconvenience to the public which the total suspension of business might occasion. The amusements provided are the cricket match with the East Mel- bourne eleven, commencing on Saturday, with concert in the evening ; the Linlithgow races and Bochara races on Monday. Stevenson and Sons. — In our Mel- bourne letter and our telegraphic intelligence will be found particulars of the case of Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons, of Flinders- lane. It is one of the strangest on colonial record, and it will certainly prove to be not the least ex- pensive to the above firm or to the Govern- ment. From our latest message we gather that Messrs. Stevenson and Sons are not unlikely to come out of the unhappy affair bet- ter than the Custom House authorities, who seem to have been too slow in their action at the commencement and far too precipitate in the end. The officers in charge have been removed from the warerooms, having found nothing to inculpate the proprietors, and the application for the injunction was partly heard yesterday. It will be proceeded with to-day. SCARLET FEVERS AT HAMILTON.— During the last few days there have been two deaths near Hamilton from the prevailing epidemic ; one, a boy aged seven years, the son of Mr. Campbell, the wood-carter ; and the other, a child, aged two years, named M'Lean, who died at Mr. Donald Rankin's farm, Bochara. There are two or three fresh cases in a mild form about town, but when taken in time, the doctors are not apprehen- sive about the results of these attacks. We leave our various correspondents to speak of the sanitary condition of their respective dis- tricts. Fall in the Price of Wool.— We regret having to call attention to a London telegram published in another column, dated 1st April. showing the serious average de- cline of twopence halfpenny per lb on wool for washed fleece, and of three half pence per lb on greasy wool. East Melbourne Cricket Match.— Considerable interest is being felt over this match, which will be played in the Friendly Societies' Park on Saturday and Monday next. The list of the metropolitan team has been slightly altered since we published the names, owing to Campbell and Hastings being unable to play. The following are the complete lists of the two teams:— E.M.C.C. — Allee, Boyle, Elliott, Forrester, Gaggin, Goldsmith, Searcy, Johnson, Kyte, Linacre, and M'Farland ; emergency, Shaw ; umpire, Budd. Western District — Begg, Benson, Ferrier (2), Musgrave, Watts and Young (Coleraine club) ; Craven. M. Cussen, W. and Jos. Donaldson, M. M'Pherson, Murray, Robertson, and John Donaldson as emer- gency, for Casterton ; and Bloomfield, Chand- ler, Duigan, and Foord, for Hamilton. Um- pire— A. W. M'Pherson. It is to be hoped that Benson will be sufficiently well to play on Saturday, as his absence would greatly weaken our team. The publicans' and con- fectioners' booths will be sold to-day (Wed- nesday) at 12 am., at the Victoria Hotel, by Mr. Bree. Turning the First Sod of the Portland Railway. — On Monday a tele- gram was received by the Portland Borough Council, stating that His Excellency the Governor would be happy to visit Portland on Thursday, the 27th inst., to perform the ceremony of turning the first sod of the rail- way ; and consequently the festivities origi- nally fixed for a week earlier, have been post- poned till the date mentioned, to suit the convenience of Sir George Bowen. No doubt many Hamilton residents besides those re- ceiving official invitations will embrace the opportunity of being present on the occasion. The Hon. J. G. Francis. — The Mel- bourne correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes : — "The Hon. J. G. Francis proposes to return at the end of the present year. His trip to Europe has not proved so succeesful as was desired, and his chest complaint, I hear, is still troublesome. Naturally, Mr. Francis peruses all matters re Victorian politics with interest, and in his emphatic style has ex- pressed his opinion that matters conud not be worse. Hamilton Sub-Treasury. — Mr. F. H. D. Cotter, clerk in the Receipt and Pay Office at Camperdown, has been appointed Treasury Clerk at Hamilton, vice Mr. Storey. The Hampden Guardian referring to the departure of Mr. Cotter from Camperdown says : — " Whilst the friends of the gentleman named will be glad to learn that the change is one of promotion, all will, no doubt, feel it matter for regret that the district is to lose one who has been indentified with almost every public movement during the past three or four years, for whether as a member of the Mechanics' Institute Committee, the Cricket, and Dramatic Clubs, the Sports Association, or other kindred affairs, Mr. Cotter has in- variably taken a leading part in all public matters, and his place is one it will be very difficult to fill." The Harton Hills Ghost. — A con- siderable sensation prevails in the neighbour- hood of Macarthur owing to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which has been seen by several persons on the estate of Mr. Carmichael, at Harton Hills. It appears that four men, working at a job of fencing, were camped about two miles from the head station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seeing a figure, draped in white, stalking backwards and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened were they, that they beat a retreat to the station, and communicated the particulars to Mr. Towart, the overseeer, whilst a dog they had with them participated in the alarm, and ran away howling piteously. Next night a party of eight, including a policeman from the township, bivouacked in the haunted spot, and five of them were rewarded by getting a sight of the ghost. The news began to spread, and we understand that, last night, a large party was to be made up from Macar- thur, with a view to solve the mystery, if possible. Tradition states that the locality in question was, many years ago, the scene of a fatal affray between the early settlers and the aboriginals, and that in these en- counters the blacks came off second-best. Of course, the supposition is, that one of the natives so disposed of has "jumped up whitefellow" in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment of the nerves of the fencing party by his "counter- feit presentment !" It should be mentioned that the ghost has already one casualty to answer for, inasmuch as one of the intended interviewists, in his hurry to get a sight of the apparition, was thrown from his horse, and broke his leg. We trust some of those who may have been fortunate enough to have seen the thing, will send us a progress report. Banking Premises. — A member of the firm of Reid and Barnes, the architects for the Colonial Bank at Hamilton, was in town a few days ago, and was understood to disapprove altogether of the alteration in the plan whereby an otherwise handsome building has been curtailed of its fair proportions in order that an inconsiderable pecuniary saving might be effected. The probability is that the structure will have to be altered back to the original design by adding the rooms which have been cut out of toe second storey. We also observe that Messrs. Nation and Co.. the contractors, are at work upon addi- tions and aIterations to the premises of the National Bank at Hamilton, and that similar improvements are proceeding at the Coleraine branch of the same bank.— The talk of enlarging toe Bank of Victoria at Hamilton has led to nothing as yet, bat we may expect to see that corporation moving with the times shortly. Vacancy in Mount Rouse Shire Council. — Dr. Dickinson having been ap- pointed Health Officer, has resigned his posi- tion as a councillor for the Penshurst riding. An election to fill the vacancy will be held on the 28th inst., the nominations being re- turnable by the 19th. Although the term for which the new councillor is to be elected will expire in August next, a contest is not unlikely. Mr. Johann Huf, junr., of Linlith- gow, is in the field; Mr. Lane, of Berrydale, is also spoken of, and there may be others. Missing. — A well-known old shepherd named Murray is reported as missing from Cavendish. It appears that on Monday, the 3rd inst., he left the township somewhat the worse of liquor, and his horse and dog were found next morning not far from the Wan- non. Information was given to the police, and the river was dragged in several places, but no tidings have since been heard of the missing man. Murray is said to have once been in affluent circumstances, being the pos- sessor of a station on the Wannon ; and his disappearance has caused considerable ex- citement. Our Public Estate. — The following figures, taken from a Parliamentary return laid on the table last Thursday, may prove useful for future reference. Up to the end of 1875 the total extent of Crown land that had been sold under the hammer since the foundation of the colony of Victoria was 5,918.489 acres. Of that amount not fewer than 4,382,315 acres were passed away under the Imperial Act before the colony was possessed of an act to regulate the selection and sale of the public estate. Under the Land Act of 1862 the area selected was 1,363,243 acres, and under that of 1865 the quantity passed away, was 1,499,910. Under certificate, 59,922 acres were selected under the Act of 1862, and 559,423 acres under that of 1865. Under the 42nd section of the last-named Act, 786,083 acres were taken possession of by settlers. The total area of land that has thus passed into private hands amounts to 10,597,740 acres. The area available for selection at the commencement of the present year was 13,936,953 acres. Long-Woolled Sheep Association. —The annual general meeting of the Long Woolled Sheep Association of Victoria, reports the Mortlake Despatch, was held at Hexham on Wednesday last, a large number of mem- bers being present. The treasurer's report and balance-sheet, which was read and adopted, showed that there was a balance to the credit of the society to the extent of £50. The next business was the election of officers, Mr. W. Armstrong bring elected to the post of president, Mr. A. Austin to that of vice- president, and nearly all the members of last year's committee were re- elected. The committee held a meeting afterwards, to make preparations for the ensuing show. The date fixed for holding it is on the 4th of October, and last year's prize-list was adopted, with the addition of two special prizes, of £30 each, for the best two-toothed Lincoln ram and best two-toothed Lincoln ewe. Local Land Boards are gazetted to be held as follows: — Horsham, 21st April ; Belfast, 1st May ; Ararat, 3rd May ; and Hamilton, Portland, Horsham, and Warr- nambool, 10th May. Revision Court. — The electoral and jury lists will be revised in the Horsham Court House to-morrow (Thursday). Conveyance of Mails.— The third call for tenders for the Conveyance of mails has been gazetted. Holdings Revoked, &c.;— The fol- lowing will be open for selection on and after the 21st instant : — License of John Malone, 100 acres, in the parish of Harrow ; authority to occupy of Duncan M'Callum, 320 acres, in the parish of Dooen ; authority to occupy of Samuel Lancaster, 319 acres, in the parish of Goroke. The fallowing licenses having ex- pired, the lands will be open for pegging on the same day :—Henry Hyde, 318 acres, in the parish of Jung Jung ; Allan Stevenson, 320 acres, in the pariah of Yupanyup. Not so Mad as He Looked.— A sup- posed lunatic, who was arrested at Balmoral, a few days ago, was brought before the Hamilton Police Court last Monday. On bring examined by Drs. James and Vialls he was found perfectly sane, and was dis- charged. Police Court. — The business brought before Mr. Hamilton, P.M., last Monday was rather the reverse of ?. A liberal patron of the spirituous and fermented interest was discharged with a caution; an order was given for the amount claimed in a small debt case, and an over-recklesd Jehu was fined 5s for driving over a footpath. The court was then adjourned till the 24th inst. Applications Approved. — W. Pren- tice, Moyston ; B. Powell, Langi-Logan ; T. Shea, Dunneworthy ; M. Griffin, Crow- lands ; Robert M'Nabb, Lexington ; J. M'Pherson and John Lawford, Bahgallah ; W. Thomas and G. Woods, Woohlpooer ; John Sharrock and Joseph Sharrock, Purdeet East ; M. M'Cue, Yarramyljup ; E. W. Boehm, and Wilhelm Meyer, A. Watts, Toolangarook ; M. Lonyan, and T. Condon, Tyrendarra ; J. Leahy, and W. Cooper, Portland ; D. M'Sweeney, and J. Stafford, Laang ; R. Currick, Crowlands ; W. Lind- say, junr., Woolsthorpe ; G. R. Lewis, Digby ; W. T. Pugh, Brimboal ; J. Picken, Ganoo Ganoo ; J. Williams, Purdeet East ; J. S. Williams, Purdeet ; M. Daly, Panyya- byr; J. Sheehan, Ararat (parish unnamed) ; E. Hayes, Yuppeckiar ; and H. Phillips, Werrigar (for brickmaking). Tarred Pavements. — A correspon- dent, writing to the Argus, puts before the public in a new light the economy of the tar and metal footpaths. He says ; — A footpath frontage of an ordinary house can be paved upon the new plan for the sum of £2. Let us see at this rate what the paving would save. Each house may be supposed to con- tain five persons, and each one of the five, on an average, will certainly wear half a pair of boots annually less by doing away with the gravel and laying the footpaths with the tar material. A half pair of boots may be taken as worth 8s, and five half pairs £2. There- fore, the extra boot leather ground away during one year on our present gravelled and unmade foot-paths would lay them all with tar pavement. The Electoral Conference. — Twenty-four local bodies were represented in the conference which met in Melbourne to take into consideration a redistribution of electoral districts. The following motions were carried : — 1. That, in the opinion of this conference, a new distribution of the several electorates is absolutely necessary. 2\. That this conference strongly urges upon the Government the necessity of at once taking the reform in hand, and placing copies of the Government scheme in the hands of each local body in the colony at as early a date as possible. The question of single and dual representation was discussed, but no decision was arrived at. Representation of the Wimmera. The Herald has made inquiries in the proper quarter as to the statement that Sir C. Duffy would offer himself for the Wimmera district at the next general election, and pro- nounces the report to be mere canard. Robbery at Narracoorte. — The Border Watch states that an impudent theft is reported by telegraph from Narracoorte. A commercial traveller named Morgan was occupying a bedroom in Savage's hotel. One of the mail drivers, named King, was seen to enter this room and wash himself, and subse- quently he was seen in the possession of Mr. Morgan's trousers. On Mr. Morgan examin- ing his pockets he found £54 worth of cheques missing, as well as other papers. King was arrested at Kingston on Thursday, with the stolen cheques in his possession. Decision under the Scab Act.— A decision, which would be of considerable im- portance to wool-growers and sheep-farmers, should scab ever again assert itself in Vic- toria, was given in the Supreme Court, Melbourne, towards the close of last week. It was in the case of Elliget v. Matthews, in which the latter appealed from a fine inflicted upon him at the instance of the former, the inspector of stock for the Ballarat district. It appears that the defendant was summoned for having, on the 14th of July last, driven certain sheep into the Ballarat clean district without the authority of an inspector of sheep. He was convicted, and was fined £50 and costs, and he appealed. It transpired, however, that a person named Heinze had purchased the sheep in Melbourne, and that the defendant, who was forwarding other sheep to Ballarat, undertook to forward those in respect of which he was summoned. The sheep were taken from Melbourne to Ballarat by the Victorian railways. The Court held that the defendant could not be convicted of having driven the sheep into Ballarat, but that the remedy was against the owner of the sheep, or the persons who took them to Ballarat. The appeal was therefore allowed, and the conviction set aside. Bank Holidays. — The Banks at Hamilton will be closed on Good Friday, on the following Saturday, and on Easter Mon- day. Hamilton Permanent Building Society. — A. meeting of the members of this society will be held this evening at 7.30 for the purpose of electing two members of committee. Primitive Methodist Mission.— The missionary meeting in connexion with the Primitive Methodist church is to be held to-morrow evening, when the Rev. Mr. Pethouse, of Stawell, the Rev. T. Cole, and others, will deliver addresses. Tender Accepted. — Portable lock- up at Hamilton, W. J. Parlett, £143 17s. Horsham Hospital. — So disgusted were the Horsham folks at finding only £500 put down in the charitable vote for the above local institution that they sent a deputation to Melbourne and succeeded in obtaining a promise from Sir James M'Culloch that an additional £400 should be placed to the credit of the Horsham Hospital. Mount Rouse School Board.— A meeting of the board was held on Thursday, when there were present— Messrs. W. Bond, R. Larkin, J. Madigan, and A. S. Lane, cor- respondent. It was resolved that the com- mittee of the Odd-Fellows' demonstration on Easter Monday be thanked for their offer to admit the State school children in the Pens- hurst riding to the recreation ground reserve, and that it be accepted ; also, that a treat be provided for the children on the ground. Mr. Smith, head teacher, reported that in con- sequence of a slight case of scarlet fever oc- curring in his family, he had telegraphed to the Minister of Education, who had instructed him by telegram not to attend school himself, but to have it carried on by the assistants ; also that he had written to the Minister of Education, stating that the medical opinion was that as the case was so slight there was no necessity of his staying away from the school, and if he heard nothing to the con- trary he should resume duties on Monday next. Mr. Larkin proposed that no action should be taken against parents for their children's non attendance at school during the prevalence of the epidemic. The motion was seconded by Mr. Madigan, and carried. It was agreed that the members of the board and the head teacher be appointed to receive all contributions in money and kind, towards the pic-nic to the children. Coursing at Ballarat. — They are always getting up " big things" at Ballarat, and one of the latest is a ten-guinea sweep for sixty four dogs, the winner, in addition to the stakes, getting also a cup valued at fifty pounds. This event is to be called the Stewards' Cup, and is to be run off at Ercil doun. a Stewards' Purse is also projected for dogs beaten in the first course for the cup. Stock and Stations. — Mr. James Little has sold his Bent's Hill station, in the Lachlan district, with 4000 sheep, to Mr. James Thomas, of Kilmore. Messrs. Oliver, and Thompson, agents. Strange Accident. — On Saturday evening one of the numerous cows that are in the habit of prowling about the streets of Hamilton after nightfall, got her head so fixed between the spokes of the wheel of a dog-cart in Gaffney's Victoria hotel yards, that it was impossible for the beast to extri- cate herself. Some little time elapsed before the frantic efforts of the cow to get away were observed, but at length one of the wheel-spokes was cut away to relieve her. It is supposed, however, that the animal must have dislocated her neck, for she dropped down dead immediately on her release. The Illustrated Papers— The Aus- tralian News this month is as good as usual, containing engravings of Camp Creek Survey, the Hop Grounds at Coranderrk, the great Steam Hammer at the Australian Navigation Company's works ; a fancy sketch, "Return- ing from the Picnic;" portraits of the late Mr. Justice Cheeke and the late Sir R. D. Hanson, Vaccinating the Crew of the Sumatra, and half-a-dozen Polynesian sketches. The Aus- tralian Sketcher also contains portraits of the two defunct justices, together with that of Chief Justice Way who succeeds Sir D. Han- son. Views in the Valley of the Grose, Whangarei Heads ; the old Salle de Valentino, and the new Academy of Music, also sketches pourtraying the Drawing of the Chinese Lotteries, Pearling in Torres Straits, Out Poospecting, &c.;, go to make up a capital number. Sheep-Dog Match. — One of these in- teresting competitions is announced in another column to come off at Hexham on the 24th of May (the Queen's birthday), the highest prize being £15. The entries will close at 11 a.m. on the day of the match. Land Sale. — Yesterday's land sale produced over £1800. There was no offer for two country lots at Weerangourt, and all the rest sold as under : — COUNTRY LOTS. Parish of Napier, county of Normanby, At Buckley's Swamp. Upset price £1 10s per acre ; charge for survey £7 1s. 1\. Allot 2A, sec B, 140a 3r I6p. — John Matheson, upset price. Upset price £1 10s per acre ; charge for survey £23 17s. 2\. Allot 5, sec B, 476a 1r.— John Matheson, upset price. Parish of Branxholme, county of Normanby, 19th section block of Catherine Cameron. Upset price £1 per acre ; charge for surrey £4 10s. 5\. Allot 1A. sec 14. 89a 3r 19p. Valuation £140. — D. Cameron, upset price. Parish of Ardonachie, county of Normanby, 19th section block of Mr. Peter Christie. Upset price £1 per acre ; charge for survey £2 10s. 6\. Allot 1c, sec 10. 49a 3r 6p. Valuation £61 9s 6d.— Alex. Christie, upset price. Parish of Beerik, county of Dundas, 19th section block of Maurice Fitzgerald. Upset price £1 5s per acre ; charge for surrey £10. 7\. Allots 1A. 2A, and 3A, sec 2. Valuation £138 s 3d.— J. and E. White, £3 7s per acre. 