THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OEj The Experiences of an EDiNBiniGHf Detective.—No, X. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] : THE GHOST OF THE RING. Iliave no belief in ghosts,nor any sympathy •with stories of mystical appearances, super natural visitations, warnings, and so forth. I consider that the'man who either invents or exaggerates such stories and then pro mulgates them, commits a crime. He be comes one of that innumerable host of agencies tugging man bach from light and freedom. Whenever a writer finds him self wandering into mysticism, or the regions of the horrible, I would have him look to his health—he is in a dangerous state, and likely to do mischief to himself and thousands of others. Still, I have no wish to be dogmatic—if others believe in such things, they are wel come; I do not sneer at the belief. I simply have to speak for myself before giving the following case. I am a little doubtful about some extraordinary dreams, but about ghosts I have no doubt what ever. I neither believe, nor want to be lieve, in them. " Then why give a ghost story yourself ?' some one asks. I give it because the case was put before me in a romantic light that at first both staggered and fascinated me. Whether this feeling continued and remained, the reader shall soon judge. The story is not without a lesson, I daresay, if you only know where to pick it out:— "Captain Lindsay's compliments, and would, be greatly obliged if Detective McGovan would send him his private ad dress, and state at what hour he could see him, as he wishes to consult the Detective privately concerning an important matter which he wishes kept secfst. " Faulding House, G—— Loan, August 21,18—, " Mr. McGovan." The wording of the above note—which was handed to me at the office—roused my curiosity, and I immediately complied with the request, arranging to see the Captain that afternoon at my own house. By a few enquiries I learned that he was a quiet, retired gentleman, a widower, without children, and had a passion for flowers and great taste in gardening; but these facts gave me no clue as to his probable business witb me. He came, punctual to a minute, at the hour I had named; and then I found liim to he an easy, accomplished gentleman of forty or so, with an utter absence of mili tary stiffness or fashionable formality. No time was lost—he began; his business at once. But he began it in a queer way. " I have heard that you are a little above tbe common run of detectives,!" be «aid. " I mean that, besides the astuteness necessary for your profession, you have some education." "JNo; I never had the cliance. What I know is all in scraps, just as I have picked it up," I replied. "You have been misled there." • " Ah, well, scraps will do. We need not dispute the point," he promptly returned. " I want you to converse with me for a few minutes on any subject that you yourself may choose. You open your eyes, and I don't wonder at it; but I have a reason for the request. Do you agree P or have you not the time to spare at present ? " " I have exactly one hour." " Less will do—much less at present." " Then I agree, if it is necessary to your business." We rattled over a number of topics, and very soon his brilliant intelligence and deep knowledge made me feel very small indeed. In thinking of this, I had forgotten about his errand; but suddenly he drew up with the words— " Now, do you know why I asked you to talk with me a while before mentioning my business?" "No. Why? " I did it to see if you thought me mad." "Mad?" I almost started from my chair as I echoed the word. "Yes. Honestly, now, do you think you discover in me the slightest indication of a mind unhinged or diseased ?" " A medical man would be a better judge; but, honestly, I do not." " Good. I thought so myself. Now for my business. Do you believe in ghosts ?" "No." I spoke emphatically, as I thought and felt. "Ha! better. Neither do I—stay, I should say neither did I; for now I am haunted." "Indeed. By what, or whom ?" "You shall hear. But first I may tell you that, in spite of my robust appearance, I am subject to a palpitation at the heart, and have been warned by my medical man that any undue excitement or violent ex ertion might be fatal; therefore you will luiderstaud the concern this thing has given me, and my anxiety to have it cleared up." I bowed, and quietly waited to hear more. He extended his left hand, on which glistened and shone a ring of curious workmanship and resplendent beauty. It had but two stones—a ruby and a diamond —and these were set into each other, and cut so as to resemble a round, glittering eye—like that of a serpent or a snake. " Do you see that ring ?" he said. I both saw it and admired it. " Well, that ring I cut from the finger of a dead nabob, during the rebellion in India, and it is the ghost of that nabob that now haunts me." Here was a romance! and I was into the heart of it in a moment. But it did not upset me. Prepared to look upon the whole as a mere matter of business, without a vestige of the supernatural in it, I merely determined to make sure of every step as I advanced to its unravelment. " One moment here," I interposed. " Is it not against your military laws to appro priate jewels or treasure in this way ?" "It is; but the thing is done, and even winked at, for all that. The jewel took my eve,'and I stretched a point to possess it.'" "Does any one else Iniow how and where you obtained it ?" > " Oh, yes—dozens. Such things are no secret among officers—nor common > soldiers either, for that part. My own servant was with mo when I discovered > the gem. He could not get the ring off, and it was neces sary to. remove the finger. I stood over him during the process. ,1 am not super stitious, but I remember distinctly noticing that, as the thing was done, the dark brows of the Hindoo seemed to pucker forward into an angry frowil, which for a moment gave a ghastly fierceness to ixio stony eyes. There were scores of other bodies rfiwj about—I liad to pick my Way through them nearly all the way to the camp—but the look of this one haunted me for some days. I slightly regretted the action even then—now I would give a good deal that it were undone." . "I. see—you are naturally sensitive. Now for the ghost. When did it first ap pear?" " I saw it first in a dream, about a year after my return from India." "Did you mention the circumstance to anyone?" '"I scarcely think I did. I may have mentioned it to my servant, the only person likely to be interested in it—certainly to no one else." "How did it look ?" "Mournful, restless, aud wringing its hands in grief. It was dressed, exactly as I saw it on the field after the skirmish. The dress was of white silk, bound with red and fastened at the waist with a crimson sash. The head was uncovered, and the long black hair falling down over the shoulders formed a vivid contrast to the shiny, white material of the dress. " Well, that was a dream; now for the reality. When did theghostproper appear— I mean to your genuine, waking senses ?" " Three weeks ago to-night. This is Friday, and I wish you to note that it was on a Friday that the skirmish occiu-red when I became possessed of the ring." "Of com'se it appeared at midnight ?" " Not exactly—at least to my knowledge, for at that time I was soimd asleep. Some thing must have roused me. I sleep but lightly, and the least rustle or noise would have done that. My bedroom is at the back, and on the ground floor. I chose it there because the window is the largest in the house, and looks to the east. I always sleep with the blind up, that I may get the full benefit of the morning sun. Well, I woke, as I have said, and with a start, for I was sitting bolt upright in bed and staring straight at the window when I came to myself. There was no moon, but it was very clear, and the stare were all out. What I saw I saw distinctly, and I wish you to understand that I sprang out of bed to make sure that I was awake. About a couple of yards from the win dow, as near as I can guess, stood the spectre of this Hindoo. From where I stood the head, shoulders, and arms, nearly to the waist, were visible. The eyes were fixed reproachfully upon me. The face was convulsed, half in wrath and half in grief; and the hands, as in my dream, were wrung restlessly and persistently. How long I gazed at it I cannot tell. I.was rooted to the spot. But as it slowly glicted out of sight, I am ashamed to say that the shock was too much for me, and I fell down in a swoon. I had fainted like a woman." " uia any one else see tlie spectre Y" "Not then—that I know of. I was ill for three or four days after; hut though the doctor saw that I had received a shock, I was ashamed to give him the details. When I recovered I found .the servants moody, reserved, and continually conversing in whispers. I suspected the cause, hut said nothing. My only dread was for the coming Friday." I smiled—nay, grinned suits the thing better. "Then you were sure it would come again on the same night, or rather morn ing ?" I said, enquiringly. " I wasn't sure—I merely feared it. Your scepticism does not displease me; I rather like it than otherwise, for my own reason would fain point in the same direction. The Friday night came, and, for the sake of appearances, I went to bed at the usual hour. To make sure of no optical decep tion, I net only kept the blind up, but raised the lower sash of the window. Of course sleep was a thing I did not dream of. I placed a loaded pistol ready on the coun terpane, and lay down with my eyes fixed on the open window and lawn beyond. I must have dovered over at last into a light slumber, but a rustle outside roused me. There was a little moonlight this time, and there in the feeble light stood the spectre!" The perspiration stood on the brow of my visitor at the recollection, and he was becoming painfully white. I handed him a glass of water, and shortly he resumed—? "There was no difference in the ap pearance. The outline of the figure was shiny against the light of the young moon, but, owing to the light coming (from be hind, I could not so well distinguish the dark features. It slowly raised the right hand, and in Hindostanee whispered the words—1 Plunderer, beware the third!'" " Did you make any reply ?" " No, I sharply raised my right hand and instantly fired at it point blank." " Did you hit it ?" " No; the smoke cleared away, and there it stood, showing every white tooth in' a contemptuous smile. I am considered an excellent shot, and could not possibly have missed bad it been a man. The sight was too much for me—I groped to get out of bed, a sudden tearing at my heart seemed to send me sinking downwards, and I re member no more till I found myself in bed nearly twelve hours after, with the doctor at my side." "You are not 'well yet," I said, with some sympathy for his agitation. "You ought not to have come out. Why did you not send for me ?" "Because the secret might ooze out. Already all the servants but one have given warning. They complain of ghostly voices, footsteps, and rustlings about the place. If the thing is a clever juggle, it must be crushed at once." "Did you load the pistol yourself—care fully, and with ball ? " Yes—no, I believe it was loaded by my old body servant, months ago, I used to practice at the end of the garden; but I have not touched the weapon for months." "Then, that is one point gained—you I are not certain that you were not firing a blank shot. It's a pity you did not get I some one—this body servant, for instance— [ to watch with you. Two would have made certain that it was no optical delu sion, and an old soldier would have, been just the man for such a task." t "True; but he is no longer with me. When I sold out and came home, at his own request I bought his discharge ' and ; brought him with me; but, poor Jellow, he took to drinking hard; and we had to part." \-- " Indeed. Was.this the same man who helped you to the dead nabob's ring?" I aslted, "with some interest. "The same." "Had you any quarrel over it ?" "Some very high words, and bitter re flections oft his part as to throwing away his chance of a pension for me; but I had really borne with him till I could bear no longer/' "When did this occur?" "About two months ago; but he had saved a good bit of money out there, and ; I regret to say he has done nothing but ■ drink, drink ever since. I saw him : about a month ago down near Holyrood. He stopped me, and then we had a quarrel in earnest. I said he was a disgrace to the name of a soldier. He tried-to strike me then, saying there was no longer any dread of the lash; but I threw him off sharply. Unluckily his head caught some iron rail ings behind and got baaly cut. He would not let me touch the wound, but said he would pay me back for all, and then stag gered off." " I am glad you, mentioned this. I think the mystery may not turn out so unfathomable as you are disposed to ima gine." "Do you really think so?" he quickly responded with evident relief, and a general brightening of his whole aspect. "If I could only catch your spirit, it would take a deathly weight off my mind. By the doctor's advices and hints I can see that he considers my brain affected. Now, I know that it is not. But you must admit that it is a very different thing talking about such matters here in the broad daylight, with the sun shining on us, from facing the thing alone in the stillness of night." " Yes, that is just where you erred; but if you commit the whole thing to me, the mistake shall not be repeated. I will watch with you." "You will?" he joyfully and eagerly returned. "It is the very favor I should have asked. You do not then believe that the apparition was really the spirit of the Hindoo?" "I certainly do not. In dreams the living may, in some mysterious way, affect us—though I am even doubtful of that; but the dead—no, I cannot believe it. You have been duped in some clever, way— perhaps by some one having a knowledge of your delicate health, and cruelly anticipa ting an evil result from the fright. Now, listen. This is Friday; and your whole : manner tells me that you fear a return to night of your romantic spectre. It will be the wonderful i third time,' and your fears hint that it may be your last night on earth. Now here are two pistols," and I took them from a drawer as I spoke. "They are not, perhaps, such fancy affairs as yours; but I can assure you they never miss fire. Indeed, I took them from a criminal who meant business with them; and had they been useless, he would never' have carried them. I will load them before you; and to-night you shall use one, and I the other. I am not, like you, a practised hand with them—only keeping them for self-defence, or for frightening criminals in an emergency; but between us, if your hand does not fail, I daresay we may send a ball through your impalpable spectre. If he is still impervisus, I will use my legs and hands in a chase and grapple, and I will take care that some one else is there to second me. Do you agree ?" " Agree ?" he warmly echoed, grasping my hand. " How can I express my thanks ?" " By lending me your wits in laying bare the swindle. I do not think the con spirator is on the premises, but it is as well to provide against every emergency, by keeping our every movement secret. Could you get rid of your domestics in any way for an hour or two to-night while I inspect the premises and make arrangements?" '• 1 don't know. Would it do to send them to the theatre ?" " The very thing—a good idea." "Then it shall be done. 1 will send them all, except my housekeeper; and as she is my foster-mother, I can trust her with my very life.' " Then what time shall we say ? There is no need for coming too soon. Nine ?" "Very good. Nine he it." " Just one thing more," I added, as he rose to go. " My companion will he a de tective called McSweeny; will you he good ' enough not to mention such a thing as a ghost in his presence P Speak of it as a man. a trickster, a masquerading fool, or anything else that may suit your fancy,, hut not on any account as an apparition or spirit." This Captain Lindsay very readily agreed to, and then he took his departure, while I got hack to the office and asked McSweeny to assist me in the capture of a madman who fancied that he was Nana Sahih, the author of the Cawnpore atrocities. It was the only plan I could think of to provide against his inherent fear of ghosts. He agreed with great alacrity. " Nana Sahih ?" he echoed, with a know ing wink. " Sure, it's good company I'm goin' into anyhow." ; - "Yes; p'raps better than you imagine," was my inward reflection. "I wish it was the real one." Td pitch into him first, an' then take all his jewels an' gold. But "mightn't I give him just: a" 1 bit of a thump for his namesake ?" t "Better catch him first, and then we'll decide. It is just possible, you know, that he may he very nimble." "Nimble? Ifhewasasnimbleasmygrand father's ghost, who tuck the Gap of Dunioe. at one lape, I'd ketch him, if I got my eyes on him." " Yes; hut suppose he ' ketches' you ?" " Then I'll howld on to him, like a bar nacle to a slippery rock." " Good; and if he rims ?" " Then he'll carry me wid him." "Like the devil running away with the exciseman p» " Ha, ha! that's good," he laughed. " It is good, if you only knew it—ha, ha, ha!" and then we both laughed—he at one thing and I at another. Sharp upon nine that night McSweeny and I got to Faulding House, and were ad mitted by the housekeeper, whose joy at seeing us was only outdone by that of the Captain himself, who received u$-with great hospitality and kindness. All the' other servants, we learned,-had been with-. out difficulty smuggled off to the theatre, and we had the. clear run of the whole place for two hours at least. Inspecting the premises, and carefully examining every outlet both to garden and house, swallowed nearly an hour, and then we settle'cT to arrange bur plan of capture. Here, however, I may admit that I made one oversight or miscalculation. The ghost, so far as Captain Lindsay was aware, had always appeared outside the building, and, of course, it never struck me that upon this occasion it" might change its tactics. Thus it happened that no unusual fastett ings^ were attached to the two doors lead ing into the garden, one of whioh simply closed with a spring latch, and could ho opened from without by any one possessed of a proper fitting key. McSweehy's hiding-place we had some difficulty in fixing upon, for I wished it not only to be outside, but near the window of the Captain's bedroom. A high wooden tank'stood near the spot, but though it had been dry for years, it was not only filled with rubbish in. the "shape of gardening stakes, broken tools, stumps, and dead wood, but was much too. high for a convenient and quick scramble out. No other place suggested itself, however; so we got a pair of steps, and with-some sweating and hard Work cleared a sufficient space for his large frame, and there left him, after clearing away the rubbish and removing the steps, i "I can lape, never fear," he said, looking over the edge of the cistern and down at us; "and if Nana Sahib only passes this way, I'll be down on him like a divil's wink. But I saw ye Ioadin' pistols— where's mine ? This ud be a mighty good place for asy shootin'." ; " Didn't I tell you to bring your staff? " >; " Yes, here it is." ■ "Well, that's your pistol." "Very good; ana when that's fired there's plenty more here beside me," and he brought up a heavy billet of wood, and exultingly showed it over the edge of the tank. " If Nana gets that on his head, he won't seek any more." "Ah, but no violence, mind, unless it's absolutely necessary." "Och, never fear; Til be as gentle as a rat-trap wid the teeth. wrapped in velvet," and with that his head, disappeared, and we re-entered the house. I followed the Captain to his bedroom, and soon fixed upon my own place of con cealment. I may explain that this room had two doors—one leading by a narrow passage to the door into the garden, and the other, opposite, leading into the main lobby of the house. Opposite the window stood a large wardrobe, and it so happened that, after I had ensconced myself in this, leaving the doors about two inches ajar, I had a full view of both these doors, a9 well as of the great window facing me. As soon as all this had been arranged, Captain Lindsay struck a light, threw up the lower sash of -the winaow, brought some hooks, and sat down to read. The suggestion was my own; for if it happened that ei/es were fixed upon that window from without, his figure could be clearly distinguished by the bright light, and it would be seen that be was calmly following his usual practice before retiring to rest. By-and-bye I could lieav the carriage drive up in front of the house, and the servants getting out and dispersing through the building. Then I saw the coachman, away down at the stables behind, putting away the carriage and rubbing down the horses; but very soon his twinkling light went out, his footsteps died away, and silence gradually fell over the whole place. •Captain Lindsay read on, steadily and unflinchingly, without once speaking to me or looking near my hiding-place till close upon twelve, and then he deliberately un dressed, extinguished the light, and got into bed. : The silence soon became oppressive, and it did not now surprise me that the captain had on thelastoccasionfallen into a slumber. The moon rose clear and full, and as its light came in on the bed in a broad sheet, I could see that this time the occupant was both wide awake and keenly on the alert. His eyes never closed for a moment. The right hand, holding my pistol, for readi ness and convenience lay outside the counterpane. Had I been lying instead of standing I must evidently have fallen asleep; but perhaps the captain had excitement to keep him awake, while I had only a deep in terest. How MeSweeny got on among the faggots in the tank I cannot tell; my private opinion is that at first he slept. 'About two there was. a disturbance of the heavy stillness—a kind of rustle, ac companied by a soft footfall, and the: Cap tain raised his head, strained his eyes in the direction of the window, and listened intently. I felt my own pulse quicken as the sounds approached. Suddenly, and I must say "quite unexpec tedly, one of the doors of the room noise lessly opened, and a tall figure in Eastern garb, with Turkish trousers and pointed shoes to match, stalked deliberately across the room, wringing its hands and keeping its eyes fixed on the bed. Captain Lindsay appeared completely fascinated—paralysed—and stared at it with widely-distended eyes, without, even moving a finger. Even I was taken aback, and never thought of the pistol in my hand till the thing had crossed the broad sheet of moon light and, vanished through the opposite door. .A moment after I had recovered'myself. "Stay there—do not move!"' I whis pered, as I flew across the room and through the open door. But the wide lobby was pitch dark, and after fruitlessly groping about for some time, and hearing neither footsteps nor any sounds but those I myself was making, I floundered back to the bedroom for a light. "Why did you not fire?" whispered the Captain, pale with excitement. "I could not have moved though it had been to save my life." ; "I.don't know. I did not expect* it from the door," I hurriedly returned. " Be sides, it might almost be murder; I'm afraid it's a man." ""Why do you think so ?" . " Because it did not glide after the ap proved fashion, but walked—deliberate, regular strides. Ss-s-h! what's that ? I hear it again, or something like it, outside." "Look,look!" gasped Captain Lindsay, pointing to the window. I did look, and there was the apparition again ! The same paralysing effect fol lowed its appearance—we both stood staring at it as if petrified. For a moment it stood wringing its hands as before, then the right -hand was slowly raised, the eves fixed themselves piercingly upon Captain Lindsay, and the lips slowly began to pronounce some words in a foreign tongue, which made the Cap tain shrink and shrink, as if ho was going to expire on the spot. But there came a sudden interruption. There was a sound from the direction of the tank outside of soma one stirring; and then with a sudden "whizz" a heavy block of wood flew through the air with uuerring aim and caught the ghost on. the back ot* the bead, causing it to bow sharply and utter a cry of pain. As it did so the long black hair tumbled from the head in a dis ordered heap-^-it was a wig ( Captain Lindsay sprang up, as if endowed with new life, the moment McSweouy'a triumphant whoop struck on his ear; and before I could intervene -he had raised his right arm and fired. The ghost had started forward with a rush; hut mingled with a report catua another sharp cry of pain; and then t was through smoke and wiudow with ona bound, and after it like the wind, while McSweenv leaped down and cut down the other walk, adjuring it in Irish Gaelic "to stop, or it would-be worse for it." But flie ghost either did not iitodoratand the language or felt no inclination to obey. It ran—half stooping, and holding one arm tightly above the elbow—straight across the lawn towards a well-trimmed hedge which separated it from the garden be yond. leeling sure of our prisoner uov, McSweeny and I left the walk on either side to close iu ou the fugitive. But no. "With one great flying leap it went clean over. It was as neat a jump as I ever beheld—the feet well doubled up below, and not the slightest traco of an effort visible. To "follow suit" was a little beyond our powers, so wo dashed back to the walk, with an imprecation at onr own stupidity. But the moment's de lay had given it a start, and with a shout we redoubled our efforts as we saw it near a wooden door in the garden waU, The door was ajar, too; so there was no need of any display of ghostly skill in slipping through keyholes, or suchliko; and I gave our prisoner—who ran won derfully like a powerful man—-up for lost. Here, however, accident stepped in and saved us a deal of trouble. The feet of the fugitive tripped ou something, and, oner hand being occupied in holding the other arm, down he rolled in the dirt, with a heavy thud, groaned for a moment, and lay perfectly still. The ghost had fainted. We picked him up—a warm, breathing, bleeding man—and carried him between us towards the house. Half-way we were met by Captain Lindsay, with some of tha roused servants bearing lights; and we soon had our prisoner stretched out in the hall, surrounded by a wondering shuddering group. I took a candle from one of them, aud placed it close to the face of the wounded man.^ "Now, take a good look at your ghost, Captain," I said, " and tell me if you know him." Tbe face of tlie senseless man was done up with Spanish brown, the moustache and heard had been shaved off, and more* over the eyes were closed, so it is no won* der that for some moments the Captain was in doubt. McSweeny poured a tumbler of water on the face; I wiped it white. The man groaned, writhed, and opened his eyes; and then the Captain knew him, and started right back at the discovery, a Why—good God! it's Parks!" <• Your old body servant?" "Yes. Well, if that" isn't the strangest thing I ever heard of!. What on ear tit could prompt him to it ?" "Fancied wrongs, probably. He has paid dearly for it, though; I'm afraid your shot caught him in the arm. Take off tha dress; it's real silk, too. I wonder where he got it ?" "Stripped from tlie dead. I see it all now," returned the Captain. "Well I would give anything that it were undone," and he looked like it, for he stooped down, and tried to raise the man in his arms. The face of the wounded old soldier was convulsed with agony, and he could scarcely speak; but he managed to struggle back* wards, with his eyes fixed in deep hate on the face of the man he had once served so faithfully, and groaned out— "Away! keep—off!" "I'm afraid, Captain, that your pity U. misplaced," I ventured to remark. " lie* member that this trick of his might havo cost you your life, and might have done in calculable mischief as well. In intent ho was a murderer, and, in my opinion, for such a contemptible trickster no punish ment can he too severe. He has taken ad vantage of your inmost confidence, com bined with his knowledge of the premises, to plot against your life. Chance has decreed that instead of a " Mysterious and Fatal Ghost Story'there is only an inge nious piece of masquerading to relate; but the result might have been very difforent, and he must suffer accordingly." These were my words, but it took a deal more talking to convince the Captain of their soundness. At last, however, he consented to the removal of Parks to the Office in our custody, and ordered out the carriage for the purpose. Beyond uttering the three woras I have recorded, -the wounded man never opened his lips. We took him to the Office, where his arm was dressed; hut the bone had been badly shattered, and next day, after a consulta tion, he was removed to the Infirmary, where before night it was deemed neces sary to amputate the disabled limb a littles below tbe shoulder. As soon as he was sufficiently recovered he was arraigned for playing the ghost, "with intent to do grievous bodily harm." To make sure of having a hold on trim, the indictment had to be very carefully and nicely worded; but the ingeniousdefenco set up for him almost threw .the whole to the winds. The plea was that he had been suffering from delirium tremens, and con sequently was _ not responsible for hia actions. The judge ana jury, however, did not quite see it in that light; but as tha principal sufferer, Captain Lindsay, had spoken strongly in his favor, the mitigated punishment of six months' imprisonment was awarded. One curious fact I must state. The very day that Park's term expired, Captain Lindsay's carriage was in waiting to re ceive him and convey him to faulding House, in which he served faithfully and honorably till his death, four years after. Look out for drunkeu pigs when ale comes in 