SAT^PAy^. J-CvpARV '2p,~ ik76‘.;^ As the pftljpypf the Goveriimpn t lfe.cbiies gradually ileveloped—ryery gradually, we •may Isay—the -fact becomes "more: and, -more; apparent, that-.whatever ,tlj<} anal. coup, d’etat..inajj,be, the blow is'to''be '.preceded by a general vilification Of ‘all.1 those who oppose McCulloch. Language; of .the most vituperative character seems to bij the'cliosen weapbn'* of ministers ini this '.preliminary skinnjsh. . ,The mem Tiers of the-.0]iposition are tp he attacked,-, not. in their bllicial'or political.rpJatiohh,?’ Imt in their social,and,-,domestic ones. • Previous-;tci' tire blow being stinck, all. that- ’w'cH':gira'rded'-and-! police-protected, calumny can d.o to defame :has to be done. For tins work the ma;jWity' Su|*>-'' plies AS.ome. congenial., spjrito ,and. well.., practised haiulSi,-rSaft^froni-ilie'pistpl or the'list, of the traduced...they can do their ' spiriting-with |;;i- malevolence- tilll t their own.' liiiall'probability these paid., detainers will fmdCfcyeffithis', a round, gaiiic .before”; .they < jpave doneiwith. the-,, matter. j\ccusatiohs;.;upt. affecting, the ] present or any possible political question ; :aj-e liii'rled'attlioi.headsipf. unoffepdingv; members under the protection ofthc Mace_ | iMcit ’who'diave been insolvent in business^ i undertake to'lecture their fellow mem—.| liers on “character.” Forgetful—con-' vchientty'sp-T^pf] their owii’antecedents,, they clcit themselves' to‘the chair of .Ve-j; speetabiiity’/:aiid with iJffentive elevation, , preach :tlioir own,purity and the vileness. of ali . thoseAyhb'liave the tenacity to-r cliffer- wi thf thein.f, These taciics ■ wilL'. inevitably lead up—or'dbwn—to a state, of affairs ' by no-means to he desired ; iit the. Parliament of the country! The -common suppositionis that the House' eonsisto of :ahody of-gentlemcn elected by- their follow-nieh 1 to perform ■ the ■ highest functions' in the State. The real fact.is that the absence of effective re-. straint on the tongue of slander anil cowardice lias converted the national as sembly into a collection of individuals who give and receive personal insults which the .one dare not give, and the other would instantly punish outside the protected limits. Forbearance may in this respect degenerate into pusillanimity, a'lid.hcnce we are glad to learn that the Opposition intend to adopt one out of two courses to meet . these villanous tactics; viz., to face their detainers and defend their individual honour at. all. hazards. As matters now stand in the' Assembly, 'the Governiticnt' boast of beiiig- riii >aip6sitiotf to jpay.Vtlie"‘public creditor at any moment they think proper." -'The ..'Opposition ;have invited them again and again to do so. They answer bye and bye. Even according to their-own supporters the entire respon sibility. of the suffering now being in dicted -on. the unpaid masses rests entirely on the shoulders of the Go vernment ’Either they can or they can not pay.thp public creditor, in'spite of the action of the Opposition. If they can, and do not, they are guilty of heart loss and cohl-blooiled cruelty : if they cannot, notwithstanding their reiterated assertions .to that effect, they are guilty, of that which their clnquers are con stantly charging their opponents with —lying.- It is broadly stated that they are prepared, if necessary, to gag, the Opposition. Gagging the Opposition means gagging the only outlet the country now possesses for the expression of its views and opinions. The only por tion of the country represented on the ' Government benches, or by their curi ously manufactured majority, consists of the land sharks, slieep feeders, money lender's, and importers. If they can suc ceed in gagging the minority, they can equally succeed in passing any law op posed to the wishes and interests of the majority, and effect the repeal of those laws which constitute the basis of repre sentative Government. This would he an iron hand ” with a vengeance. The de molition of the “stone wall ” by such a process would be accompanied'by the undermining of all popular liberty, and the permanent establishment in the seat of power of a sellish, grasping, and un scrupulous oligarchy.. The “ stonewall” iti at this moment thelast barrier between the encroachments-of the most eontem tible despotism ever witnessed in modern : times and the rights which wo have inherited—rights which were won and maintained on many a held of blood in ' Britain. "SVc'have no renson to suppose that one of the little patriotic banU.wil} give .way in the smallest particular, and should have not. the smallest' compunc tion, in holding'"up any shuffler in? the business to the merited execration of his fellow-cilizenk” as a traitor. The mi-' merited and unmanly abuse to which they are anil have been subjected since they took that stand in the defence of the rights of. the people is in itself an evidence of the lengths to which the con spirators against t}ie national liberties are prepared to j'o'. Personal'yiplepcij has been threatened, and indc.ed jlie loss’] pf liberty for a time long enough to en able them to curry out their design would of itself he innnitejy preferable to the' foul insult to which they are Rightly, subjected. The challenge thrown oiit by -'Mi: Berry on Thursday night in a speech wli ich may fairly be referred to' as a model of logical argument and oratorical power, was derisively received by a majority whose everv insane laugh at any fair louder than anything else could pro claim the equivocal1 'nature of the con tract existing between' the Government and their supporters. Questioning the authenticity and correctness of the ex pression of opinion in public meetings as they constantly do in the most in sulting' terms, Mr Berry asked them to ' name adtest, any test, whereby public opinions could ,bc ascertained iu such a wav as would Ijc not only satisfactory to ■themr-but,beyond cavil... He ottered to resign, and if returned that the Govern ment' should advise a dissolution : that tliey should choose their own form of jiublic ni"ee{Iiigs‘ tiiid "choose the places, .but greatest of all that an appeal sliouid at, once1 be made to the ballot box, dis solution -or. no dissolution, and unless there were a majority oi two to one in favour of a dissolution-, that lie would "withdraw all further opposition,^ and sutler the business to proceed. Study this would express the. voice 61 the country, and vet tiie only reply to the challenge was'the usual stereotyped grin and the vacant laugh. It is now toe duty of the people to stand by their re presentatives. Temporary inconvenience must not be allowed to stand in the way of national life.-. ./The timid must pluck up courage, and, realising the gravity of the occasion, muster in the ranks ot the tid'd- iuid the brave. The fretful ones must be .taught to consider that it is the privileges of their children which are now ’-tUsstakepaud a front must he presented ..to the eueiiiy so close, so compact, and 4so impervioiis that all attempts to break it,will .epd. in utter .^discomfiture. The inesslof pottage is now being' ottered in exchange, for fhe.birthright of the people, and we mistake the inhabitants of this colony grievously if they do not reject both the broth aiid. the eoncoctors of it. with that scorn mid contempt which will cover them'for ever. Noiwitiistamding the closeness with which the “slieepists ” have endeavoured to keep their secret, the real meaning of iiie ffjrpn Hand” has oozed out. This is all the- more to be regretted—from their point of -view—because the public •interest invariably evaporates with the explosion of the mystery. The process is. so simple in its character that the wonder is how it happens that no one lias hit upon it before. It now appears that the Iron Hand isn’t, an Iron Hand .at all. As everybody is sure to give it ifp, we may as well proceed to explain. The Government, .with the exception of <Mr. Kcrferd, hail from that liilly portion of tire British Isles siicred to a trouser less popfdation, sentimental song, and —until recently—cattle-stealing. The only veritable' Scotchman amongst the Stonewailers is Munro. The Iron Hand to be stretched forth on Tuesday night ,simply consists of a Scotch bag pipe concert, “ all the Macs ” perform ing their level best at the same time, mid each one, with the unquestioned liberty of the . subject, excruciating on the air he knows best, Kcrferd will simply act as starter, and then smile. The delay, which has taken place has been, simply to enable. Kcrferd and a sufficient number of the Saxon sup porters of the Government to overcome the ear-splitting difficulty sufficiently long to vote the supplies, when resto ratives—whiskey and water ; especially the whiskey-—will he applied in the Ministerial room. The effect on the Opposition has not been miscalculated. Nothing short of a precipitous retreat can save the unlucky' Saxons from being stricken into a state of cataleptic rigidity; and in such a helpless condition the Cleric might object to register their votes. Munro alone will be left, and having no teller, ho cannot even call for a division. The whole affair will be over in less than thirty minutes ; im mediately after which the city, including even the churches mul the morgue, will be diligently searched for the missing members of the Opposition. There is surely now enough in that Hand to satisfy even the Long Tom Coffin ” of the performing company, and the future historian of this famous political stratagem may say with By'ron— Those grand heroics acted as a spell; The angelsf stopp'd their ears and plied their pinions ; The devils ran howling, deafen’d, down to hell ; The ghosts fled gibbering for their own ‘ dominions, No doubt the Opposition will cave in the moment they learn^as they will from this—the diabolical project on foot to extinguish them ; but let the Macs be aware, if those dreadful engines of destruction are not locked up in a patent fire-proof safe till wanted, the enemy’s guns will - be spiked before Tuesday yet. — Tiie ' members of the Borough Council of AYilliamstown Ipst Tuesday evening were engaged in a lengthy discussion as to the best course to adopt with regard to the steam Punt. The subject cropped up through a motion being brought forward by Councillor Mclndoe, that unless the Sandridge Council engage to keep the. road through Fisherman’s Bend in repair tlfe Punt be stopped.run ning. The speaker read statistics to show a heavy loss had already accrued to tire town by the operations of this vessel, and at present,he urged, matters were daily becoming worse. An amend ment was, however, carried, to the effect that a deputation wait upon the Com missioner of Railways and Roads to see what the Government would be pre pared to do towards maintaining or fencing the road to prevent its destruc tion by sand-drift. It must be patent to all that the primary cause of the failure of this work—if, indeed, it be a failure—is due solely to the state the road lias been permitted to fall into, and the utter impossibility of carrying traffic upon it in its present condition. No sane person will deny that if the road were good this means of communication with the metrppolis is the shortest and j most direct at present, and taking into I consideration the enormous outlay upon the work in question, it would be almost a erifuc to permit it to be extinguished now. From a report which we pub ! lislied in our last issue it will be seen that-the Government have already made a proposal in the matter, and one which, if carried out,. will virtually' tide 'over the difficulties we now liave' to contend with. The Sandridge Council are op posing the plan suggested." 'The'wisest poqrse therefore would i be' to‘Obtain at once from - the Lands Department’ a .copy of the iihprbVementfe’ they propose making,' and if' satisfactory to meet' in conference with tiie ' Sandridge people and see jyhethpr it is not' possible to persipide tjieiq to withdraw their'objec tions to a ‘scljejrie' wliiclj appears'' so practicable, . uud one iu every way cal culated to. improve the wilderness of the Bend, thus utilising what is now a use less but valuable piece of land. The very fact of the Government proposm? to " lea^e for, building purposes this barren tract should be sufficient to in duce Saiulri'lge to join ami red tier evVi'y. assistance in their endeavour to carry it into elfect; and Willif.ihstoivn is deeply interested in having npopulated district in close proximity to the borough on the other side of tile water. In point of fact it simply means—what we have so long contended for—bringing Mel bourne to the the buy. instead of the :bay to Melbourne. Therefore, irom this point of view, it is more than im -portaut..that,.._the: Sandridgc Council should be earnestiy induced to withdraw from the position they have taken up before any. deputation wait upon the •Government. In a ease of this scot unity on the part of-the two Councils is absolutely essential in the endeavour.to, common prosperity' of both. No argu ment can be possibly .used to ask, with any show of reason, that the State should repair this road. _ They made it, and the responsibility of keeping it in working order rests with us: it lias been our negk>c,f in allowing the road to get in the" had Gfiie it now is. It would have' been far wiser i.u the first instance to have leased the Punt, ;ind the lessee for his own sake would then ■have kept the road in something like a passable state of repair, at the cost of a day labourer per week. Indeed, before the- Council absolutely deter mined to close the whole affair, applica tions should be invited to see whether there is not sufficient private enterprise, amongst ns to work it. to ivdvi.'ftaSe> and utilise the thousands already spent in its execution. A pressure on mir fpooe crushes out cricket intelligence. eon'espmtdcnei!, X'c. The William stown Rowing L’j>ib have much pleasure in acknowledging receipt .of the following donations :—Mr C. Lindsey, £5 ; Mr H. K. Reid, £1 Is: ltev. J. J. Me Gillicuddv, ]0s. From an advertisement in another column it will be seen that it is proposed to hold a regatta in Hobson’s iiav, and that a meeting to make arrangements therefore will be held on Monday night at the Commercial Hotel, Wiliiamstowu. The curator of Intestate Estates attended at.Footscray on Tuesday last,, to ascertain whether the late Mr John Milner had left a document relative to the disposing of his property. We hare not heard the result, but believe there is some complication likely to arise which will necessitate investigation,. The delegates appointed to arrange and carry out the Eight- Hours Anniversary De monstration, which lakes place in April, will hold their iirst meeting in the Mechanics’ In. stitute, Wiliiamstowu, on Thursday evening Another case of sudden death occurred in Napier-strect, Footscrav, one day last week. A father of one of the residents had arrived from the country to see relations, and im mediately after arriving inside the honse he expired. We have not beard the cause of The United Fire Brigades of the colony are already commencing to take action in the matter of the annual demonstration to be held on the Queen's Birthday. A meeting is called for . Thursday next at tlie London Tavern, Elizabeth-street, Melbourne. A concert was given last evening in the Mechanics’ Institute, Williamstown, in con nection with the local Choral Society. A programme, consisting of vocal and instru mental music was gone through in a manner which, seethed to give satisfaction to those assembled. At the conclusion of the concert the usual reunion was held, and dancing maintained with spirit observable on occa sions such as these. The newly appointed police officer (Senior Constable Fowler), will take charge of the Footscray district on Monday next. We are sorry to state that MrLawlor, has, at present, shown no signs of recovering from his late severe illness. Constable Fitzgerald arrested a man on Monday last in Footscrav, named Harry Woods, who bad been sentenced to fourteen days imprisonment for non-payment of a sum due by him toa tradesman in Melbourne. He was conveyed to the Melbourne Caul. \- On Wednesday last after the Footseray police business bad been disposed of, Pre sident Ritchie of the Braybrook Shire rjouucil, and ,Cr Reid, J.P., of the Footscray Borough Council, were re-elected licensing magistrates for the district, to act in com junction with Mr Modi on. P.M. We are sorry to slate that scarlet fever is not on the dccr-aing iisr in Foot~iay and district. Dr Horton inform- in that helms at . present seven ca- es in hand, lie had notice given to him yesterday afternon that a fresh outbreak had taken place at Maidstone. At a meeting of the justices held at the municipal buildings, Williamstown, on Tues day last, Messrs D. Aitkens and T. Mason were chosen licensing magistrates for the district. The ease of Pilot Gattnson has been settled amicably. It would appear that Mr Gaunson wroto to the Boaid asking that his case might be reconsidered, to which they seem wisely to have assented; and the consecpteuce is that he has been rc-instated without the neces sity of appealing to law. A supplement to the Government. Gazette, published on the 21th inst., notifies the ap pointment of L-'eutenant Edward Boom, of H.M. 29tli Begiment of Foot, to be one of His Excellency's aides-de-camp, and to be a captain on the unattached list of tlie Volun teer Force. The quarryholes left as a memento by Mr Irons, the late contractor of the Alfred Graving Dock, are not altogether so unprofit able as most would suppose. On Saturday last we observed that a mob of boys were en gaged in the successful occupation of diving for duck eggs, and before they were satisfied had fished out some five' or six dozen from the bottom of the quarry hole near the Thompson-street bridge. We would ad vise those whose ducks are known to frequent this particular spot to keep them penned up until they have deposited their eggs, and so save the young Williarcstouians from the probable risk of being drowned in searching for the produce of the poultry. The ltev. J. J. Halley returned to Victoria last week. A number of friends proceeded to the Marpesia on her arrival to welcome him. The rev. gentloman 1ms returned in first-class health, and seems to have bonefitted considerably from the trip to the old country and tlie consequent relief from his arduous duties. We are sure we are only echoing the lyisl^es of a inrge number of oi’tr ‘readers in saying we rejoice once more' to haYe his presence amongst ns. ' Mr Halley preacliftd for the first tim'e since his arrival, in the Con gregational 'Church, Williamstown, last Sun day evening', to a large congregation. On Tuesday a tea meeting will’ bo held in the sphpqlroom adjoining' the church to formally celebrate the resumption of his‘charge. Tim Rev. S.. C.. Kent will preside. It is antici pated the attendance will bo large, and an It is a matter of congratulation that the Government have appointed a board to in quire into the ir.nimgMnent of ilie Ken Lunatic Asylum. It wilt cornet of Mr Mackay. M.L.A., Mr Crews, M.L.A.. mu: Mr Templeton., l'.-M. . ,So many rumours liavti been scattered »ift regard to-.this place that it is highly satisfactory to know their truth will now be thoroughly tested. The country has annually to pay a large amount for these institutions, and the least they can expect in ‘return is that' the management shall lie all tlmt is desired; and that as much publicity its possible be given to matters relative to the treatment or death of any of the unfortunates who may be sent there. " ’Perhaps one of the most amusing instances of red tape is to be found in the late case at Geelong—of course it could not possibly oceui- elsewhere, namely, the proceedings of the 'Water Supply Department in seizing the ■furniture belonging 'to one of the principal State schools in the district, Fancy the Ministers authorising action to be taken against .-mothers Department to satisfy a debt. This ought to be an “eye-opening," and it is easy to judge whether the service is overstocked when such proceedings as these are permitted to take place. Our attention has been called to the reck less manner the i-uuiutilt a: oi the Church ol IJilglaud are wasting the money .subscribed, .and so arduously attained by those ladies and gentlemen who worked and patronised the sale bazaar in aid of St. John’s Chqreh. Footscray; the proceeds of which were in tended to re-fence and ornament the Church Keservc. Recently passing, we found portions of the old fence had been taken down, and men were engaged in placing some equally as decayed and unsightly. The footings to pre sent posts arealready decayed, and the work manship disgraceful. IV e call the Com mittees attention to this. The works at present in progress at the Lower Station, Willi,-unstown,—in the sliape of quarrying and laying down additional lines .cf railway towards the Dock—are, we are glad to jcsr;i, a commencement of the new Government pier which we kaye so long wanted and contended for. We understand that immediately t^e rails are laid a com .pejicemcnt will be made in the construction of tljc approaches to the new- pier, which will be cleared out by day labour, the wood work amt pile-driving being dope by contract. The model schooner lately rallied by the members of tlie Presbyterian Church was won by Mr A. T. Clark ; and that gentleman lias presented it to the Light. Hours League, us a prize to be competed for by boys attend iiig tliji State Schools in Williamstown when the anniversary ql thu League is celebrated, in fkiee handicap Mat races qf 100, 200, and 440 yards. The entrance will of course be free. Messrs J. Leggu and Mackay, of the two principal State schools, will be asked to act aij Ijandicappers, and Mr A. Gagan as referee in case, qf dispute between the two former gentlemen, A public meeting was called on Monday evening hist, at. the Foresters’ Hall, Wil liamstown, to devise the bust means for the erection of a permanent or temporary Work man’s Hall. In 1874 a committee was formed from the Eight Hours’ League for tee purpose of procuring a site for building a Workman's Hall. A deputation waited upon the Hon. J. J. Casey, Minister of Lands, and after a great deal of time and trouble, they secured a valuable piece of land situate iu Little Nelson-street. One of the condi tions of the grant was that the land should be fenced within three months; this was complied with. The other was that a build ing should be erected within a year. Jt. was for this object the meeting was called last Monday, which, however, lmd to be ad journed, in consequence of the small attend ance,until the same day next week (Monday, the .list). It is to be hoped that a large at. tendance will be the result of the postpone Mr Mason, H.L.A. for South Gippslan.i, held a meeting at Alberton on Monday even ing, to explain his conduct with reference to the bookmakers' Jiasm, and met with the first dissentient vote of confidence as to liis being a fit and proper representative for the district. Jfr SimniQijds, a supporter pf Jfr Mason, was in the chair. When the motiop was put, as to his p.M.- )Insou’s) explanation being satisfactory, anil that lie be requested to retain bis seat, the chairman declared the ayes and no.es to ir equal: so that we may look upon this meeting as being totally adverse to Mr Mason's being a fit and proper person to represent them under the present circumstances. His motives for not holding the meeting, as supposed, at Fort Albert are best known to the hqn. member ; as the futr of his horse falling is scarcely sufficient, in our opinion, to disappoint tlie electors of a principal portion of his constituents from hearing the explanation, and of being able to record the approval or otherwise of his con duct as a representative. We note his ar rival per Murray on Sunday last, so we pre sume he is not going to hold any more meet ings, unless he may think proper to again test their feelings on- tlie present state of affairs now agitating Parliament. A meeting of the Wilkinson Memorial Com mittee took place in the Church of England school-room, Williamstown, on Monday last, when the design for the drinking fountain— selected by the sub-committee, appointed for that purpose—was submitted for approval, and unanimously adopted. Tho fountain, which will he of iron, from the works of W. Macfarlane and Co., Saracen Foundry, Glas gow, will be a really handsome piece of work, the height, some nine feet six inches. The subscriptions already in hand, and pro mised will, it is expected, pay the prime cost of the memorial, but of course a con siderable sum will be required for the masonry work necessary for its erection, and it is to ho hoped the townspeople will place the committee in a position to make this worthy of the superstructure, in fact not to “spoil tlie ship for a ha’porth of. tar.” We under stand that Mr Eider has photographed the design for the committee, and a copy trill most probably be exhibited in his window to-day. The order lias already been aont for the foun tain, and it is anticipated that six months lionco will witness its erection. At the conclusion of the Footscray election at the Borough Chambers, on Monday last, mir reporter not being able to hear the re marks made by the successful candidate,, in reply to the charges used against him by Mr Thomson, we have been favoured with Lhc following :—“ Mr Laugwill rose to cor rect the statement just made by Mr Thomson, with respect to the last audit of accounts, but the confusion was so great that he was not audible beyond those sitting immfcdiatcly wound; Wc understood him to say that Mr rbomson's statement Was ’somewhat wide of 1 the truth, when lie stated that the'' accounts nf the Boroiigh for the past year were in correct by a sum of £200. No one reading tlie report of the auditors for the past year could oe misled'by such a statement ns this. Phe £200 referred to was a - mistake in the accounts of "th'o‘ previous bSilanicc-shept, audited by Messrs Schild ’ arid Burrows, and; accidentally, discovered by the: present au ditors, who'felt it their duty to point out the imaS-tflfhg-Council. who at once called imnn llore gentlemen for an explanation -,.4 i-V*? led to the investigation of that balancc-shi* - \' ' which showed that important omission, hail s 3 been made, and which fortunately wen. a i \ longway to explain what, at first sight, an, j * peared oh a deficiency of this amount.” i i It having been almost unanimously re- ' ^ solved by the various Friendly Societies m ■ - Williamstown that a dispensary be established - • ’ a meeting of the delegates appointed to give ^ ■ 1 effect to this resolution was held on Monday ' ■ !n evening, the 21th mat., at the Crown Hotel, i- • \ Representatives of eevon of the societies in. . - l terested were present—P.D.G.M. Bro H P ' ' Sutton of the Loyal Williamstown Lodge’ of i > the ILL. was appointed chairman of the com. ; . mittee of management, and P.C.R. Bro H ;t Hmkc of Court Williamstown of the A 0 F ■- „ was unanimously elected secretary. A sub! 1 committee of the chairman, secretary, and I • ;i five other members of the general committee' 0: ", was appointed to draft rules and suggestions I . for the working of the dispensary for the con- 1 sideration of the managing committee at their : ( next meeting, which' will be bold on the last t Friday in February. The sub-committee will : , meet on Tuesday the 1st February. It was ’ t suggested that the opening of the dispensary, < which will take place on the 1st July, should ' 1 c bo celebrated by an entertainment. It was 1 also agreed that an entertainment should be : < held for the purpose of raising funds to start , . , the dispensary. The committee are worthy of ! ; i credit for the energetic.manner in which they : ;i 1 liave set to work and the determination they i’■•'.I ) display to make the institutiqn £, succcs?. ' [-11 ] 