THE FALLIBILITY OF PETER. Gop, who sees the. end from the beginning,: has so directed the mind and the pen of the Apostle Paul, that in his epistle to the ifomcwis he has most positively"; contra dicted all : the fundamental errors of the Church of; Rome, and fully established the doctrine, of justification by faith. The sam'e Spirit foresaw , the idolatrous worship ofth,e Virgin Mary by - the same church,: and /He has instructed the Evangelists to: put: : on record- the various words which : Jesus' spoke, to' Mary, and of her, which mostjemphaticjally protest /against every interference on her. part >iwith " His; work and His kingdom, but acknowledge her as blessed among women, and the hiotheir of Jesus, her ' Saviours-eve n r as - of ,all that, believe in Him . , ; : I < : . , ' The same Spirit foreknew, that the Popes would; pretend ,to; pe 'the; successors of Peter,, and :lay claim ' to infallibility,' and hence He directed the various writers of the New Testament to mention the mis takes this apostle committed, not in .his. epistles,' but -in some ;of his actions, and thus to forewarn the Church against the pretensions of' the Papacy. ' To Peter it was given to confess Jesus Christ as the Son of God, when many who could not but perceive that He was a prpphet, dared not acknowledge Him as., the' Son of -the! Most High; and this glorious confession was the gift of the' Father, who had revealed unto him the Son through the Holy Ghost. But very soon after Peter had presumed to dictate, at least to suggest to Jesus, who showed unto His disciples what He should have to suffer at Jerusalem : " Far be it from thee, Lord ; this shall not be unto thee," and at once Jesus turned and said, " Get thee behind me, Satan, thou art an offence unto me." Christ, no doubt, perceived that Satan used Peter as an instrument to lead Him away from the way of suffering, and the temptation was the greater, as it came from a confessing disciple, and- appealed to everything that might induce the Prince of Life to abhor suffering and death. Hence the sharpness' and prompti tude of the rebuke. Here, then, we have a most decided statement that Peter savoured the things that are of man, and wo£ 'the things that are of God. ' ) Ere long Peter boldly declared, "though . all men should be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended." And, notwithstanding the warning of ChriBt, " Yerily, I say unto thee, that this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice," he again said, "Though I should die : with thee, yet I will not deny thee." True, Mathew adds, "Likewise also said all the disciples," and we know that all forsook Him ; but then, most assuredly, Peter also' was worse than all the others, cursing and' 'swearing, " I know not this: man,!" But then we are reminded of the words' of Jesus to Peter, "I have prayed for thee, that' thy faith fail not ; and when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren," which the .Popish Church pre tends secures ) to Peter infallibility. If th$t, were ' true, how could, then, Paul publicly resist and reproach; him:?; He tells us,' " I withstood him (Peter) to the face) because he was to he' blamed." (GSlatians ' ii. 11—17). If Peter had been as Rome asserts, " the prince of the apostles," 'and the head of the .whole Church, the holy father, , the infallible teacher of faith and morals, as " the 'Pope pretends to be, how could : Paul have differed from him, yea, withstood him, without increasing the risk1 6f< behoming'a heretic, ' a rebel 1 ' And are roteptants tb be blamed, if they do to the Pope. w.hhi Paul did to Peter' 'a- A-,). We scarcely need say that We do not for a moment place Peter and the Popqon the same"' level,' or acknowledge" the latter to be the successor of the first. We" simply wish to point ' out, that , even from a " Ronflsh " point of view, an infallible Pope; cannot be the successor of the fallible Peter. ; For Peter did not seek honour for him self, but, like Paul,, he knew nothing but Jesus, and Him crucified. He bowed not to tradition, but to the Word of God ; he magnified not .Mary, but the Son, the Beloved of tlio Father", and we delight in following Peter, who . leads us to Jesus, whom alone he desired to honour," and '.we with him. ' ' ; " ' 