A BUSH CHRISTMAS; AND WHAT CAME OF IT. (From the Cl ri-rroas Number of Observer MiscellanuA The 24th Lecenbar, 181 — , was a clear scorching day, and though a light air from the southward somewhat; modified the intense heat, it also caucht ud little clouds of driving dust from the parched roadway, which stretched its glaring white length in a waving line along the foot of the tall and rugged mountain range which bounded my run on the eastward, trending almost due north and south as far as the eye could reach. The monotony of the prospect was somewhat relieved at intervals by seeming pools of glittering water, placed there by that arch-enchanter, the mirage, only to be spirited away to a tantalizing distance on the too near approach of the thirsty wayfarer. On this particular occasion, however, the only way farer chanced to be myself, too much preoccu pied to more than notice the familiar pheno menon. For I was bound on a visit of pleasure to my old friends aud nearest neighbours, the Watsons, who dwelt by the side of a fine, shady gum creek, twenty miles from my own place of residence. I had a great affection for the old pcw-le ; but the special loadstone which attracted me to Caltaba was their eldest da i- filter, Jane, then about twenty years of age, aiuCto my fancy, the perfection of womankind. She was of middle height and graceful propor tions; her fair rosy face (a perfect oval) was li«'litetl up by a pair of dancing bine eyes and a sur.iiy smile, which would have stirred the heart of an anchorite, and set him at once to consider the best and shortest means to put an end to his vows of celibacy. Then her features, though not regularly beautiful, were most fascinating ; for iflier nose was a little inclined to the style known politely as ntrowssi; her small mouth, with its merry dimple on either side, and its rows of pearls within, her speaking eyes afore said, with their dark fringes aud arched eye brows, and her bright masses of wavy brown hair, would leave the observer in no mood to criticise tlse saucy nose, except, perhaps, to come to the conclusion that it was just of the correct shape for kissing under. And I believe I con sidered that view of the matter diligently as I journeyed along on Old Badger. Too diligently, indeed'; for as, with the reins carelessly banging lcose, I cantered down a long avenue thickly strewn with watenvorn pebbles, the reverie, induced by the fervour of my affections and the heat of tbe weather, was suddenly and violently terminated. 1 can recollect flying headlong through space— and then nothing more till I found0 myself riding at a racking jog some four miles from the spot I last noticed. Oh ! what a horrible sickm-ss and headache were uyon me! My clothes, which were copiously supplied with dust, were also lamentably in want of patching ; while Badger looked as though he had been undergoing some depilatory process with partial success. I found out afterwards, however, that though he was variously barked aud chipped, his knees were fortunately uninjured : and I have never been able to account to myself for the history of that four miles. When I recovered consciousness I remember my hat was ou my head, but my boots were liangiiig on the saddle-dees. I do not know how they got there, and I did not attempt to put them on my feet again, but rode along, a ?prey*to nearly all the most excruciating pains and aches human llesh can possibly be heir to. In this sorry plight I felt little inclined for the festivities I had so lately been looking forward to with such longing anticipation, and heartily wished myself at home in my bachelor's din again ; but that was seventeen miles away, while the chateau Watson was little more than three ; so 1 continued on my journey, and soon reached that hospitable mansion. A number of well-known buggies were scattered around, «.i.:i^ +iii» wrcmil:ili whs crowded with male guests, who were lounging on easy cnairs, ana mostly smoking and imbibing various .liquors, qualiiied according to their several tastes, from suiidiy water-coolers hanging conveniently. On my arrival at the horse rail, all got up and came out to greet me, headed by my old friend the host. The cheery greetings were soon changed to anxious enquiries, when my dilapi dated appearance became manifest. However, some of them soon relieved Badger of his saddle aud bridle, and turned him out for me'; while I, feverishly and desperately thirsty, found my way to the verandah, and began a determined attack on the contents of one of the water-bags. After a little, Mr. 'Watson inter rupted me with— ' Now then, Charlie, don't put an end to your troubles by drowning ; but if you are bent on suicide, do it decently by adding some battle axe. Aud, by-the-by, allow me to introduce yon to my friend Mr. Hayter, from Melbourne. Mr. Hayter— Mr. Danby.' ; Aud I then noticed for the first time that there was a stranger amongst the group. We bowed stiffly, and both of us, I believe, ex perienced that strange feeling of tacit an tagonism which nature so mysteriously implants in our bosoms when we instinctively know that we have met a rival. In the present case I should have felt a repugnance to Mr. Hayter, even had no rivalry been possible ; for, though he was a tall handsome fellow, there was a disagreeable sneer about his long thin upper lip, and a supercilious light about his black restless eyes, that jarred offensively on my feelings. I was, doubtless, rendered irritable by the effects oif my fall, as well as (I must add) by an incipient twinge of jealousy, which would creep into my mind, however I might endeavour to banish it. So muttering a distant 'How do you do, Sir?' to the dark stranger, and having declined my host's pressing offer of brandy as ;i restorative, I was conveyed by him to \- I'-achelors' Hall,' where I was able to give my aching head a good sluice in cold water, and substituted some of Mr. Watson's clothing for the most tattered portions of my own; thai worthy paterfamilias informing me that the hdks were busy dressing, but would soon be ready, so that I must look alive. He also tola me tliat the gentleman to whom he had just ii;t:o.':iiced me had recently arrived from Vid toiio. with the intention of purchasing a run in the neighbourhood. i '? .viiu a nice young fellow he is, too,' added he, ' though you didn't seem to think so just :;ov,-. Why, what is the matter with you, lad ?** '? Oil I nothing thit I am aware of,*5 replied I, ??f::-.\pt tbat I feel just like a man recovering in iv. the horrors, when one cannot be expected to {pin like a laughing hyena at every *twi:gcr.' ! Here Tom Watson the younger (a fast ally of mine) entered the room with a hearty greeting, and the intimation that bis mother, sisters, an|L i other ladies were in the drawing-room, and were anxious to see me. Thither I accordingly repaired, when my observant glance at once fell upon Mr. Hayter and Jane busily examining the contents of a photographic album, the lady talking and laughing with an air of evident pleasure. I felt annoyed, though I knew not why, and very coldly replied to the kind en quiries which she made as to my accident and its consequences. With a half-offended air, Jane resumed her place by hercompanion; and he, I fancied, gave me look of calm superiority, for which I could have kicked him with great gusto. However, I endeavoured to look as unconcerned as possible, and paid my respects in turn to Mrs. Watson— a fine, motherly, middle-aged lady, with the remains of great personal attractions — her second daughter, Maud — very like Jane, but fairer and more placid looking— and Mrs. and Miss Deslandes — both dark and vivacious ladies of the French type— and with the kind interest they all evinced in my troubles I en deavoured to console myself for the fancied neglect of Jane. Mrs. Watson declared that the best panacea for my aches and bruises would be a good cup of tea. This she hid already ordered, and it soon made its appear ance, when very little persuasion induced me to swallow two enps of the steaming beverage, and though no doubt the ultimate effects were highly beneficial, the immediate result was distressing ; 'for a deadly faintness came over me so persistently tliat I was compelled to re treat to Bachelors' Hall, where I threw myself on a bed utterly prostrated. I prevailed on Tom Watson and several other young fellows who had followed me to go to their dinner (the bell for which had just rung), and though Tom soon returned with a tray loaded up with good things, I could touch none of them. When he had departed I rose and locked the door behind him, and, notwithstanding my headache, bruises, and injured feelings, managed to drop off into a fitful slumber, in which I dreamed that I and my bete noire, Mr. Hayter, were engaged in a des perate scuffle on the very brink of a dizzy precipice, over which he was just on the point of hurling me, when an old black gin, bearing a ridiculous like ness somehow to Jane Watson, suddenly made her appearance iu the inexplicable manner pecidiar to dreams, and seizing me by the coat tails with her left hand, turned the tide of battle by a vicious thrust with her yam-stick under the fifth rib of my antagonist, which sent him flying into space yelling like a demon, and I awoke to find my forehead bathed in cold perspiration, and my friend Tom making his ngress through the open window. This he quickly accomplished, when he unfastened the door and let in Sam Brown and Frank Brace bridge (both particular friends of mine) armed with a bottle of brandy aud some glasses. 'Why, what were you at just now as we came along T asked Tom ; ' we thought you were either gone raving distracted mad, or were com mitting murder, so we scaled the fortress to satisfy our minds on the subject. My word, you must have had a sliaking, dun-lie/1 'Yes,' said I, 'there is no doubt about that, but I am a heap better now, so light the lamp, and let's have a wee drop of that medicine of yours just to steady our nerves.' This was agreed to without opposition. To my enquiry how they had been enjoying themselves, 'Oh, first rate!1 replied Tom, 'except that it was voted too hot for anything in the ' light fantastic' line, aud the piano would not gee. It was passable till Hayter undertook to tune it this morning. Since then its music is finest when mellowed by the greatest possible distance. However, the little doctor sang some of his nigger melodies, and accompanied himself with the boms in the most finished style. Of course the ladies (with the exception of Miss Deslandes) could not sing without an accompaniment — for which I, for one, returned hearty though silent thanks. Frank here gave us a capital recitation, and Hayter recited also, but made rather a bungle of it.*7 Here Frank Bracebridge remarked that he had not fallen in love at first sight with the gifted individual last named. ' For,17 said he, 'his self-conceit is a thing to be remembered. He set my back up a little by the way in which he spoke of you, Charlie — laying all the faidt of your spill to your- own awkwardness in not keeping your horss pro peily together. He never liad a horse fall with hint. But, then, some people had no business near horses ! Of course we only laughed, though the ladies seemed to regard him as nn oracle ; and if his horsemanship turns out to be equal to his own account of it you may hide your diminished head, my boy V 'Tom,' said I, after pondering over this a little, 'what is the programme for to-morrow? Cannot you cut out something to astonish this Victorian Apollo 'f ' Well, we can make up a riding party if the weather is favourable, and put Hayter on Billy the Pig, and Fll lend you Syntax, who will take you over anything, from a bare wire fence to the five- foot dogleg fence of the cowyard! He may root a bit with you, but you won't mind that; besides if he does begin Billy is sure to iollow suit, and he generally winds up with two or three real old- style bucks, which may open our Centaur's eyes, and cause him to display more agility than even you did this afternoon. IS so, I hope he will not be so reck lessly destructive of his wearing apparel, how ever, for Dad's togas would not exactly set off his Antinous style of elegance.' I have since been admonished by a fair disciplinarian tliat our little conspiracy against Hayter was a great shame ; and periiaps it was. But there. is nothing riles a true bush man so much as an assumed superiority in horsemanship, and he is not inclined to be too nice in testing the quality of a boaster. At all events, this must be an excuse on the present occasion. ' That will suit my book exactly, Tom,*' said I, ' and if you successfully organize this expe dition I shall be your debtor for life.*' 'Well,' said he, ' I think it promises fun, so consider it v.nfait accompli, as o#ur friend 3Irs. Deslandes would say. But now, just brush yourself np a bit, and come and bid the ladies gocd night. It is the least you can do, con sidering the amount of interest they have dis played on your belialf since your abrupt retirement from the drawing-room.'* ' Very well, Tom,*' I answered ; ' 111 be ready in a minute, though I feel rather sliaky yet.'7 I had a good wash, which greatly revived me, and then smoothing out my borrowed plumage (which, by-the-by, fitted me rather too extensively), I followed my friends to the house, where we found the party at supper, and they seemed to enjoy it amazingly, to judge by the peals of laughter which were escaping through the open windows to sport with the echoes outsi&e;, T^iere, \y»s a short lojl in, the conversation when we made our appearance, and I was assailed on all sides with kindly enqui ries as to my present condition, while I took a chair beside Mrs. Watson, to which she hail motioned me. 'Why, you look like a ghost, man!' said her husband. ' Well !' I replied, ' it is better so than to be, one. It is a wonder mine is not prowling around here now. My skull must be as thick as a nigger's, or it would never else have kept its integrity after its assault on mother-earth, this afternoon.' 'For my part,' here observed Hayter, 'I can't conceive how you managed to let that horse of yours come down with you. 'With those forelegs of his, fine rein, and the way in which he carries the saddle nearly back on his loins, he should be as sure-footed as a goat. If you will take counsel of me you will drop tha acrobat business after this ; ' tumbling' doesn't seem to agree with you.' Of course there was a laugh at this ; but I, thinking of the morrow, affected to take it iu good part, though I really felt much annoyed. ' How kind it is of you, Mr. Hayter,' I said, ' to evince such interest in my personal wel fare. I will certainly endeavour to profit by your advice in the future.' I did not care then to engage in a tougno tournament with him for fear I might bo betrayed into saying something too bitter, and so disturb the harmony of the evening. Besides, I felt certain of a much better opportunity for squaring our account ou the morrow; so refusing pressing offers of refreslunent and biddiug good night I very soon took my departure, followed by most of the bachelors of the party, with Tom Watson to direct our roosting arrange ments. Hayter stayed behind, as he was to share Tom's apartment, so that there were none left but old friends in our detachment, and after canvassing things in general and the prospects of fun for to-morrow in particular,* we took a 'nightcap' all round, and then following Tom's directions coiled ourselves away wherever a bedstead or a mattress on the floor offered . a restiug-])lace. Our friend then turned out the lamp, and left us with si ' Good night, all,' blundering — accidentally, of course— over one or two of the prostrate forms upon the lloor, upon which the atmosphere in that vicinity became instantaneously surcharged with Hying boots, materially accelerating his exit. My companions, after a few desultory renrirks, oiiu by one dropped off quietly to sleep, leaving me to tcss restlessly on my pullet, my mind In-ing considerably exercised by thoughts of the events of the evening. I began to sec that I hml boen senselessly jealous, although I felt none the more amicably disposed towards my supposttl rival on that account, but planned schemes for his discomfiture, until at last sleep Mirprised me just as a wakeful magpie in a neighbouring gumtree began to liail the advent of dnwn with his mellow music, aud I did not w.tke until Tom Watson shook me at nearly I) o'clock, when, as all the others luul dressed ami gout? to the house without me, he came to look me tip. ' Come, Charlie,'1 cried my friend, ' rouse up, old man ; are you going to sleep there all «ky ? Tbe ladies art- eager for a canter, and ILiyU'r has done his best to encourage the notion. I say, what a sell it will be if he should turn out :w great a don at riding as he is at talking abyut it. However, time will show. Aud now you just look sharp, for breakfast is waiting, and the .hoi.scs are all in the yard. Uy-the- by, here is a coat and a pair of prints belonging to Frank Enid-bridge, which will fit you better than those things of father's, which certainly do not add to your personal attractions.' ' All right, Tom,' Raid I ; ' you cut along, and tell thtin not to wait breakfast for me. I'll soon nuikc up lost time whim I conic iu, ,for I am ravenous this morning.' 1 .speedily arranged my toilet to the best of my ability, and joined the breakfast party, to find that Hayter had again managed to necurc a place beside Jane. I put an unameenii-d fan on the matter, and after replying to the general gi'Lctiugs, and assuring every one that 1 w.w no'.ie. the worse for my accident, I slipped iuto a chair beside Miss Deslnndes, aud almost nnde Frank Uniccbridge jealous by my a.-isiiliitru attentions to that young lady, while I caught it glimpse of Jane looking askance toward* iw, aud I Mattered myself that a slight shade of pique crowed her speaking face for a moment. My satisfaction was short-lived, however, for she soon turned to Hayter, and seemed mure bent than ever on being amused by his pleasan tries. This in turn nettled me, aud rendeml me absent-minded to such a degree that I was not *a little startled at last by :i merry laugh from my vivacious neighbour, who then in foi med the company, that having just desired me to help her to a portion of the cold fo;.vl standing before me, 1 had replied, 'Yes, -he does sometimes !** ' Why, I believe the creature must have becu crossed iu love ! Nothing else am account for his preoccupation, and shameful neglect of me !*' This was a home thrust with a vengeance, lint I managed to save appearances a little by join ing in the general laugh against myself, and saying that no doubt my yesterday** sliaking had dislodged some of my wits, which had not yet returned. But there was a malicious twinkle in Jane's eyes which rather disconcerted me, :??* she evidently gave a slirewd guess as to th. cause of my abstraction, and Hayter's sneering laugh grated harshly On my ear. However, tho breakfast came to an end at last, and I boou lost some of my feelings of annoyance iu the bustle of preparation for our excursion. There were five young fellow?, including myself, to bu of the party. The little Doctor — the only other bachelor guest— preferred a quiet gossip with our host, tin easy chair, and an unlimited suprily cf brandy and water, to even the company of the ladies. lie was not tired of lih life, he mi-l ; aij-l added the prediction that we sl-onH all either get stinstruck or break our necks. '?However,' said the jolly little nrui, 'give me the chance of a fee or two by not killmg yourselves outright ! And speaking of tint, Charlie, I sliall have t« send in my little bill ti- you; for though you did not call in my assist ance yesterday, yon ought to have done so, an. I I was quite willing to saw off a limb or two, or evt n to dissect you, if necessary, which proves a clear case of indebtedness ! However, better lurk next time.' ' Ttank you. Doctor,*1 said I ; u but I hojK- to gain a gnir.ta by you yet, even if its acquisition depends on my holding an inquest on yo-ir unprepossessing remains; and 1 don't despair of that if the- brandy will only hold o:it lo:£ er.OTigh !' He gave a comical grin at tills, and th?n a loving glar.ee at the brandy-cooler, as much :is to wy, ' I will sbow you how a martyr can dicj in snch a cause F and then told us to be off -about oar business. We soon mustered up a sufficiency of gear to mount the party, ami repaired to the stoclcyard to bridle the horses, when Tommy soon cap tured the redoubtable 'Billy the Pig3 for Hayter. He was a low raking brown horse by 8cuth Australian, having a pair of round pro minent eyes (which sometimes assumed a bluish tinge when he meditated mischief), a protruding forehead, slightly Roman nose, and small pricked -ears set wide apart, which had a confirmed habit cf pointing at his withers when he thought anything ou^ht to startle him. He had a fine neck, beautiful sloping shoulders, slightly roached back, and strong muscular hind legs well set under him ; a girth like that of a cart horse, and a shining mottled skin, with a net work of veins and muscles standing out from it .in bold relief. In fact, he was the very picture of strength and endurance, and was, as Tom Watson said, ' as hard as nails.' He suffered himself to be caught easily, though there was a .furtive look about his eyes which would warn a . good judge of horseflesh to look out for squalls. Syntax, the horse I was to ride, was a great upstanding chesuut, with a white face and three white legs, the latter, however, clean and strong enough for anything. He stood rather high behind, and had a loin like an arch, and the tail, carried well out, had an upward curl to the end like a dog's — the only suspicious sign of temper about him. His eyes were bright hazel, and as full as a stag's, with a few queer dark spots in them. His ears were gamely cocked and rather close together, bending in at the tops till they almost met when thrust forward, as they often were. I had ridden him often, . and knew him to be one of the best and pluckiest horses in the country — a trifle head strong, perhaps, and difficult to hold ; but that was a good fault to my thinking. 'Yonder is Jane's charger, Mr. Hayter,' said Tom, 'and as I see you have her bridle, perhaps you'll catch her while I get Maud's pony 'f The mare in question — a bright bay blood like beast, with black points — did not seem inclined to have the bit in her month, but with. . a whistling snort nearly ran over Hayter, who ?began flourishing the bridle about in the most -approved style, and of course nude matters worse. Seeing this, Tom, who had secured his own and Maud's horses, said at last — ** You had better let j Danby catch Zillah, or she will be over the yard presently.' To this Hayter made no answer, but handed the bridle to me, evidently thinking that I should be as unsuccessful as himself. The mare, however, happened to be one of my own breaking, and I had taught her to come either to the whip or on a stone being thrown at her ; so now I just stooped as if in the act of picking up a stone, called to her sharply by name, and she at once singled out from the inob, and with arching neck and distended nostrils thrust her head into the bridle I held out to her, giving a loud snort as she did so. I farcy this proceeding rather surprised Hayter, who, however, kept all signs of surprise to himself, and wi-ut off leading Zillah and Billy. Tom and I and Bracebridge followed, the latter having two horses of his own, one of which he had brought over for the especial use of Miss Deslandes, to whom he was engaged. ' I don't like the look of Zillah, Tom,' said I; ' she is not half so quiet as she was. Some one .must have been messing her, I am sure.' ' 1 don't think so,' replied he, ' but she U rather.fresh through not having done any work lately, that's all. But Jane can manage her all .right.' 'That may be, Tom,' said I, ' but you had better keep your eye on her nevertheless, for after Hayter's performances in the yard just now I don't think much of him in case assistance should be required.' Tom promised to keep near his sister, and we foon reached the horse-rail, and began saddling up. Billy managed to burst a girth before Hayter had got him settled to his satisfaction. Meanwhile I had saddled Syntax and Zillah, taking particular care that everything wa* secure on the latter. Just as I had finished the Jadies made their appearance, looking very jnretty in their dark-blue habits and sensible broad-leaved hats, so I had the pleasure of assisting Jane to the saddle and of adjusting her stirrup, Tom and Frank performing a like office for the other two ladies. It was now our turn to mount, when 3Ir. Watson, who came out to see us start, observing our different prads, called out, u Why, Hayter, what are you going to ride that brute for ? Turn him out, .and get a better one. Nobody ever rides him but Tom, our friend Charlie there, and a black fellow nothing can throw.' Now thiswas intended for friendly advice no doubt, but the wording of it was most injudi cious, and it failed lamentably in its effect. 2Ur. Hayter rather stiffly remarked that he ' thought he .should be able to manage him,' and then swung himself cautiously into the saddle, dragging rather more roughly on his horse's mouth than that sensitive animal liked. Billy rounded up his back a little, and gave Hayter a furtive glance, which had the effect of keeping that gentleman very quiet, and thus saved him for the present from any further demonstrations on his charger's part. I got quietly on to Syntax, and we started, Tom ieeping close to Jane, while Sam Brown and Hand paired off together, Frank and Miss Deslandes following suit. Our two horses, though fresh, went much more quietly than I hadanticipated, and I began to think the whole .affair would turn out flat, stale, and unprofit able, when Tom, whose eyes were always open to discover anything like mischief, suddenly proposed that we should have a little practice «ver the trunk of a large gumtree, which was lying on a nice piece of sandy ground close to the creek- It had been felled for slabs, but proving too tough for use had since remained where it had fallen. ** You go first, Charlie, and show the road,' cried Tom. So I let Syntax break into a steady canter, and he, well knowing what was expected of him, quickened his pace, and gathering himself together flew the log like a bird. It was now Hayter's turn, and he came gallantly to the charge, but unfortunately for him in the excitement of the moment he du» o both spurs into Billy's flanks just as he rose to the leap, which he did like a skyrocket, but no sooner did he touch ground on the other side than he dashed his head down between his fore legs, and, giving a yell like an evil spirit might be supposed to do, began a series of rearing bucks, which ere long unseated the luckless Hayter, who came heavily on to the sand. Billy lashed out at him as he fell with such energy that though he just missed the man he tore off his coat-tails, and then continuing his exertions soon cleared himself of the saddle, when Tom Watson managed to catch him. Of course Tom had forgotten all about Jane's mare, and I must confess to a similar neglect, when I was suddenly startle 1 by a low cry from Jane, and turning quickly round I saw that Zellah had got away with her, and wa; off at a mad gallop in .the direction of the horse paddock. I wheeled Syntax round, an J taking «ire not to touch him with the spurs, which would most likely have made him stick up with me, I gave him his head, and he, catching sight of the fugitives, laid himself out in pursuit, his long, low racing stride seeming to devour space, and the wind whistled in my ears as we cut through the air like an arrow. But the mare was fast too, had a good start, and was carrying six stone less than my horse ; so, thinking she would swerve at the fencs and follow it down to the station, I kept my horse away a little in that direction, in order to profit by any small angle I might be enable! to cut off. But I was soon undeceived, for the mare took the fence (a three-railer) like a deer, and then headed away for aa out-station some five miles distant, where she generally ran. However, it was nice level country out in that direction, with few bushes and no large timber, so that I began to hope it was merely a question of a couple of miles' gallop, as Jane was a splendid horsewoman, and I calculated that Zillah would have about enough of it in that distance, while I knew Syntax was good for a mile further. So I kept him together as well as I could, and he raced over the fence, seeming to take it in his stride. Soon I found I was gaining on Jane, not being more than twenty yards behind her, when the mare flew the second fence. We had galloped nearly a mile, and I was getting quite cool on the matter, though the pace was but little diminished, and I was even beginning to congratulate myself on the inevitable ti't-a-tete, which I intended to make the most of; when suddenly, to my horror, I saw the mare take a cattle-path that led to the creek. Now, I knew that track well, and I was aware that as it entered the creek, down a narrow passage in the almost perpen dicular bank, a large limb of a gumtree pro jected over it, so near to the ground as almost to rub the backs of the cattle as they passed up or down ! My blood for the moment seemed to curdle in my veins as this unexpected and im minent peril flashed upon my mind. 'Keep up your courage, Jane,' I cried hoarsely, 'and for God's sake try to head Zillah away for Apperburnie ! Saw her mouth ! ' She did not answer, but I saw she endeavoured bravely to comply with my direction1:, but all to no purpose, for the mare held on her course unswervingly for the creek, now a bare lialf mile distant. I cannot describe the sickening, breathless feeling that came over me as I realized Jane's danger ; and as we dashed along on our reckless course, bitterly did I reproach myself for the wretched jealousy, to which alone I attributed her present perilous situation. But there was little time for useless regrets; so I called ou Syntax for a final effort, and the gallant beast answered by a magnificent spurt which quickly diminished the distance between himself and the runaway. The space which separated Jane from the creek was about one hundred yards, and we were still two or three lengths behind. For one agonising second I thought Jane already killed ; and then almost involuntarily — convulsively — I dashed my spurs for the first time into my horse's sides, and the noble beast, making a tremendous rush, reached the mare's girth, and in a second more had forced her off the path towards the pliin. But so close to the creek were we when we turned that the alluvial bank, undermiued by many a flood, gave way beneath Syntax's feet, and he and I were precipitated headlong into the watercourse, where a bed of coarse water worn sand received us. I was stunned for a time by the fall, and when I came to myself I saw Syntax limping off, his near shoulder evi dently much shaken, while my left leg was broken just above the ancle, as I found when I attempted to rise. However, I managed to drag myself to a shady spot, and the sudden revulsion of feeling and the excitement of the whole situation prevented my feeling much pain, while I consoled myself with the though1, that Jane at any rate was safe, and prepared to wait for that assistance which I knew was no far distant with what patience I could muster I had just begun to refresh myself by recallin Hayter's ridiculous appearance when minus his coat-tails, and wondering how things would end, when the sound of two horses at a canter con vinced me that relief was at liand, and the next instant my heart bounded as I could distinctly hear Jane's voice in eager conversation with her brother. 'Yes,' she was saying, 'there is where he turned 'Zillah — and see! the bank is broken away. He must have gone over into the creek when I so suddenly lost sight of him. 0 ! Tom if he should be killed.' I thought I had better reassure them on this point, and called out. With a joyful exclama tion they quickly dismounted, and leading their horses down the path which had been so nearly fatal to Jane, were soon at my side. ? ' I trust you are not much hurt, Mr. Danby ?' said Jane, giving me a look I considered cheaply purchased with a fractured limb. 'No, not seriously,' I replied, 'but that wretched little doctor has got the case he was praying for this morning, for my leg is broken, that is all.' 'Jane!' cried Tom, who had not yet opened his mouth, ' you stay here and see after poor old Charlie till I come back with assis tance,' and then without waiting for an answer he tied Jane's mare to a tree, scrambled up the path with his own hors?, and a moment after we could hear him on his way to Caltaba at a hard gallop. Jane now told me in a few words how she had at last managed to pull up Zillah just as Tom had made his appearance from the station,' and how the two had lost no time in seeking for me, with the success just described* ' Oh, Mr. Danby,' said Jane, ' I can never sufficiently repay you for saving my life at the risk of your own,' and as she spoke a couple of great round tears stole out from her soft blue eyes and trickled down her cheeks. Well, I could feel my heart beating against my side almost audibly, and by a desperate effort I screwed up my courage sufficiently to say— 'Yes, you can, Jane— by becoming my wife,' and I took her hand, which she permitted me to retain, notwithstanding the abruptness of my remark. She did not speak, however, and would persist in looking at something at the opposite side of the creek. The ice once broken, I felt more confident, and continued— 'Yes, Jane; it has long been the chief aim of my life to gain your affections, and at times I fancied I was not altogether unsuccessful Indeed. I came yesterday expressly to seek an interview with you and have my fate decided one way or the other; but first my accident, and then my ridiculous jealousy of Mr. Hayter, which was, I fear, so conspicuous as to deserve your coolness to me since, have prevented my obtaining that interview till now.' Here I saw a mischievous smile playing about the corner of her mouth, and somehow or other I found that my right arm had stolen around her waist I forgot exactly what I said next, but remember her saying, 'Well, Charlie, you can go' and ask father. That Ls, when you are able to walk,' and I was just about to seal this compact on her lips, in fulfilment of my dream of the clay before, when a ringing peal of laughter caused us tp separate a little and look up suddenly, and there on the top of the bank were Maud, Miss Deslandes, Frank Bracebridge, an I Sam in dulging in merriment at our expense. ' u Well,' sriil Miss Deskmle;, ' had we known that your irad gallop wai rcerel r a ruse to get rid of us, and to have a bit of quiet courting to yourselves, we should have been saved a great leal of .unnecessary alarm ; though Mr. Hayter's temper probably would not have been improved. However, he has gone home in his extemporized jacket not the worse for his fall, though it will take all your smile*, Jane, to restore him to his former state of enviable self-esteem.7' ' Then,' said Jane quietly, ' his recovery will be very lingering ; and now, as you cannot have met Tom, who has gone to the station for aid, I may as well tell you that Mr. Danby, in saving me, has broken his leg.' This stopped their badinage at once, and they all dismounted and came down to karn particulars and to express their sym pathy. And now to prevent my story from attaining undue proportions, I will wind it up as briefly as possible, merely stating* that Tom soon arrived with assistance, and that I was carefully conveyed to the house, where the doctor made a good job of me, and where I remained and was treated as one of the family till able to walk about again. Long ere that time, however, I had asked Mr. Watson's sanction to my nnion with his eldest daughter, and been gladly accepted by him as his future son-in-law. Mr. Hayter returned to Melbourne at an early date, and, for my own part, I have never since re gretted breaking my leg on that Cluistnias Day. K. B. 