WANDERINGS AND WONDERINGS IN BRISBANE. Like the aquatii bird (whih shall be namelese) of the nursery rhyme, I have, since my ladi " wandered uptaanddowntir and downtirse,and in thelawyer' ehamber," and seen and heard much to wonder at. Permitted to enter with stealthy step and with a feeling akin to awe at the noble proportions of the apartment (P) the rid basie half- way up the wall behind the catof jesties, and, above all, the royal arms carred in relief and gilt, I am requested by the eeruleanjanitor;in an an aent that betokens the land of his birth and possibly bis hatred of the baughty stranger (thou h'Zendeavoar to appear as meek as I posnibly cn), to move there," and on mildly informing him that I only wis to stay a few minutes, be repliess thatthe "door mush be kept clare." Reflecting that Queensland as well as England expects ever man to do hislaty, and that he most likely would ot be at the door eneeptflra purpose, I move tip, and am accordingly fixed for the next hour, or at all events until the wtne being examined is ordered to stand doina, Titglgmot"ma subject to beat" as "sweet Sir-nohn"Iat he was, I very readily imagined when thus situated what his feelings must have been when in the'buooki bsket, for "there was tbe rankest eompound'f villainous smaell that ever offended nostril," which tended to enable one to realise what the fellows in the blmii?hole ift Calctta emusthave endured for the lrst hou orftheir Incareir' ation,'and to wonder if tubbing had beome an obsolet enstom in ye oltie of Bryabane. After hndering - was natural, what the thermometer:ot t regiter, I forthwith began to spee late how io be re eommon-sense-upon which I am'r-lId llaw is founded (of which, however, I mlay havMy doubte) would prompt the leading legal liamlnsr1 dtlpense with the wearing of bheavy horsebairwlgela it? ¢tmoe* phere that caused me toenvy theataiteof latasio?l com fort old Uncle Ned of the songinetn have ei joed through the action of a beneficent Providence.,lea thermore, I wondered when the bulwarkof il would be strengthened by some syatem for certain offences hould be decided "ea'n? ay reasonably be supposed to understan bow' eible they could be committed; and t?p i;, bin hoping that some few of the ood men iad traela some knowledge of book.keeping, could bot Jelp wone dering how many of them had, and whettheth- ey bd_ been enabled to follow the intricateevidence.!tbe alleged alterations in Mr. Armour' bookwi, a?d to appreciate its bearing on the case against bhit. The verdict showed, however, that they considered the armber of defenre set ubo wa proof against the attacke" ol the prosecution; and although opinionsareofeourse diviled there are those who think that one oflhe witnesses would be more likely to rob drmoerthan Rob. Armour would be to swindle hilm or hi ereditors -the sliadi'"es of the altered books notwithsbetanding. But of this I ditnna ken. * The cricket mania has set iit again more virulent than eve consequence of the Englishmen'e visit. and wherPW I wander I am sure to hearths douahly deeds of the redoubtable E .us and the gallant New South Welishmn extolled to the skies with such a crowing and clapping of wings aa'nsever wa. All honour to them say I but it would epehaps be se well to just " bide a wee" until the esxtmeatoh is beer before such a hallooing is m·tr, as perhape weare not so clear at the wood as may be imaeloed. teata while tiheIusltern q!estiuoi and all other'.queations sink into insigniflence in so no circles beides tlteall' absorbing topic of this great victory, until, to some minds, the very name of cricket is becoming agedent bore. I see you are great in the singing line up yotir way and the other evening, while takmng a quiet weder paut the' Bohool of Arts, and wondering- ??t thbe crowd gathered in' the darkened hell could mna, was induced to enter upon being informed', 8Ser'iet of Sang" was 'being held, as I had ead ofuch in your valuable journal. The place was erasmed with an'erideutly?delighted sudiene witnessig _ aie dissolving views illustratire of the " Pill grese," each bring explained by the bs?i ' portion of the work to which it referred with eipgiag by the choir of the HMemorial Chueerch as tbelv a changed.' The effect of some of theeoJatterarssapnse what marred by the occasional 'a?i~eehiL bi?? irk shadow fltting across or appearing it'sltosidedrthe,,. which it was seuggested must be intended to represent. Apollyon, bent upon the pereuitof Christian, notwith' standing the drubbing the latter gave iin-if I re' member right. Some views of rerranl English atlhe dirals and ruined abbeys followe d. wondered if I was forgetting all about Eungfl?,,'or 'rlelber the . elturer hadn't read up the subuhjmet when he informed ua that Tintern Abbey was in Gloucestershire, as I wan under the impression it wa on the:anknefthe Wye, in Monmouth. Pechaps you will 'dersld'he knotty point. A sepresenrtation of the Oribt Pjiamid stforded another opportunity for thie ..apeerocee?f the mysterious shadow, which remnined.diuiingtie whole timeit was being exhbilited ail natd stheimde was furnished with a beard and opectacl.ae'l 'coulM 't bat wonder if it were not the ghost of-old Cheeps or onea of the Ptolomys calmly contemplating thi'aepulohre wherein lie fihad been quietly in urned a year or o ago. S 'me comic scenes followed, which served to recall a period which shall be ind finitely ,desi,natcd ".~ y biyish days." not wishing to be too phtiie?uleai to what decade they may have comprised'" ~ andtihen" I and a friend, as the quaint old P'uriidn bhis it"' went on our way" .uch' pleased. It weas a great'anoees, orme. £8 odd bring collected at lse doors; The O,.era Co pany is to open in 'the O0:h and a brilliant season -may, I think, be looked forward to. It is to be hoped the-suggeltion hliown out'fpra iight train may be adopted, to enable the nomromus lovers of good music in your town to rue down sad return the samie rlening. The two events in the thliatrient world hiae en Ithe benefits to Miss Slrters (irs. Tamares) and Mr. fans Phillip', that of the former taklngpldicelhls day week ant the loiter last night. Notwithlstanding the price on the first occasion was raised to five shillings in the front there was a great rush, masny people who ihad not secured plares having to be con. lent with taking back seats. Throulh. tim illness .f one of the company who hal an im ortant part the piee Ihad to tIe changed, but the audience reenmed not to ntmid, and appeasnil to thoroughly enjoy the per. forisnoe of the old but fovourito "Nrall Englage ments" and the " Bonnie Fishwife." The forinrre?t this preasent will have been performed in your toin by the company, so I need say no more than that.tbe lady receired a rvery Odltering reception and-that signor P,'opei hoad on entlhuinastic encore for ringing btiween the pieees. Mr. Phillips had a full bouse in "Not such a FIool ms tie Looke." played with' qulietness and ese ad an ppreciatl.ion of the part of Sir Sion, Siiople which I never saw him.exzel. whereby lie succeeded in fairly bringing down the house and obtaining a special recall tbat'oustJlare been most gratifying to him. Mrso. Tvarars was -i* derntly too unwell to plny Felida with her usual rivacity but Mrs. l•wowoan and her husband were both excellent. The limne-honoured " Watermant' sn tShe naierpieco served to bring out. )ies Clamr Wilson, Mirs. and Mr. J. t. Taylor (who have not been on the boards for some tis a but who now ap peared us IViltleihioa, Mre'. Bundle, and Toh Tag r.spretivrely). The Ieneoeiiae nmade a most eolriac I Raion, and .r. T.ylor--nlbeit some years have passed siiea Briisbne playgoers frlt saw him with tle LoJ. einlds in this Operetta--gang th0 music allotted to ibm almost as wellas ever. Mrs. MI'Gowan as old nuIlle wae as per usual. Tie Governor was present on both of these occasions. Ere any more or my wonderings reanch you we shall (D.V.) hare wandered into anutlhr mile, as it were, upon tihe road whereon we re nll travelling, and It ill thlerefore be only fit and proper hatt oyourseles and joar readers I lshoild in this place wish "A .Ierry Clhri- itnes and a IIappy New Year." Dicemutrer 21. 