MY PREDECESSOR. A certain Jove of .contrast .and com parison is, I think, inherent inpeople of common-place minds.- They cannot admire or condemn anything on its own merits or dements ; .they muBtcbnsider it in relation to something else ; judge it, not for what it isbnt what, it isn't Nor do they confine to inanimate objects this method of aqiying at an opinion ; they prononnce upon human beings after a like manner. At many periods of .my life I have suffered by collation with others, the in variable result being grave disparagement of me, and prompt .-proclamation of my inferiority.. . Daring that distressing time when my passion for Julia P. was at its height, .1. had to receive the mortifying information-that she conld not view me as comparable with certain of her earlier suitors ; and thereupon was I dismissed for ever. When, at a much later date, I became the husband of my late lamented Isabella, it was my doom to listen to an almost daily narration of the surpassing worth, the unparalleled excellence, of her first partner ; for, perhaps unwisely — in deed, I may now say for certain, most unwisely — I had besought poor Isabella to bestow her hand upon me, albeit she was still wearing crape for, and lamenting, her previous consort. It was not to the purpose that he had been a. toper, a gambler, a .wretch who abased her, brought her to beggary, teat her, and generally involved her in exceeding misery For the sake of underrating me she over valued him; to prove me a sinner she reckoned him a saint ; and professed to lament as a loss what she might fairly have rejoiced in as an absolute gain. And so when I became the occupant of apartments in the house of Mrs. Butter- worth, No. 98 Great Decorum, Street, in the neighbourhood of the Foundling Hospital, I was subjected to disagreeable all onions to my predecessor, with a view to a steady depredation of myself The former lodger was for ever being held up to rneas an exemplar ; nil lodgers, it was urged, should be as that lodger — they were to be ruled by him ; his method of- life, his modes of thought, speech and action were to be theirs. It cannot be matter for surprise, that in time I grew to loathe my predecessor. Why did I not forthwith qnit my lodgings? Well, a proceeding of that kind is really less easy than it seems to be. The rooms were let famished, I admit ; and therefore, beyond the packing up of a portmanteau or so, I had little to do in the way of preparing for depar ture. Still, I fold myself apt to tany in a place, until something of a habit of tarrying thes is acquired. Ability to move promptly, or upon light provoca tion, depends very much upon constitu tion of mind. Now, I am not of a very locomotive nature ; a change of abode is always, to me, a most inconvenient mea sure. I hold it, as a role, far better (to quote tritely) to bear the ills we have, than to fly to others that we know not of There isMwaysa possibility that no good consequence may follow energy of action ; and there is nnqnestionably a philosophical consolation .to be derived from passivity, patience, and endurance. So I remained an inmate of Mrs. But- terworth's- house. After all, let me resort to whatever lodgings X might, I felt pertoaded of- my liability to a pie- decessor, . with .whose, conduct ; mine might be unfavourably contrasted. Not let it be understood that I .liked my lodgings, of, for that matter, my land lady, Mrs. Bntterworth, _ Jflndladies, I - have leamt from expe rience, are of two kinds — theoily and the vinegary. Mia. Butterworth was an oily landlady. She let lodgings, and in such wise ob tained her subsistence. She took pride in her respectability, perhaps; to an un reasonable extent ; but she was not other wise pretentions. Certainly'ehe was not above her business, if that phi-ana may be understood as expressive of her willing ness to profit by her lodgers in every possible way. She was content to live in the kitchen, and she undertook various domestic duties of a "i«l kind ; still there served under . her; more or less docilely and rqgularly, .an inferior func tionary, commonly known as " the gnri." She objected to " ran on errands," as she frankly admitted ; but this, arose; how- eveiyfrom . no unwillingness to oblige; but, as dhe averted, was really attribut able to a certain difficulty of breathing that much beset her. She wasa weighty woman, of somewhat nnwieldy propor tions ; of an asthmatic tendency, with a ' hnaky voice ; and- whatjmight be called a panting or palpitating manner. Her large fleshy foce - wore UBually.au un- wholesome flush, and: a emile .of an uuctuous and rather mindless descrip tion. Her eyes lacked lnstr% save of a veiled or ground-glassy kmdjand .rolled to and Tib in rather a random fashion, Jifce vessels inseenrdp tnooredsa tronbled waters. She appeared invariably in a crumpled black cap of some gamy material, winch permitted, glimpses be neath of tangled grey hair, intertwined here and there with fragments of greasy brown paper ; and her huge form was loosely cased in a print dress, of a lilac hue; and an all-over pattern — although oh festive occasions the was capable of a creased and Bm eared black satin dress, with a soiled collar of doubtful lace, a breast-knot of faded ribbons, and a sham cameo brooch of vast dimensions. Mrs. Butterworth freely avowed that her apartments were not furnished with an eye to display or fashion ; and tins was true enough — an air of nhabbinees attended them. Limp, worn dinginess characterised the hangings and draperies; the carpets were threadbare ; the chairs and tables were loose-jointed and infirm, creaking and groaning when used, as though crying aloud for glue to repair their imperfections. The ceiling was cracked into the eort of pattern children chalk upon the pavement when they would play ." hop-scotch," and was clouded over with the smoke and clust of many years. But while disclaiming all pretence to fashion or splendour, Mrs. Butterworth much insisted- upon the comfort of her rooms. Possibly, to her thinking, comfort signified neglect and dirt " Gentlemen likes to be comfort able," she would observe, " and to do as they've a mind to. Well, they can do it here, and welcome. There's parties as objects to tobacco smoke ; that ain't my way. There's parties as finds fault with muddy boots on the carpets or the sofies; but I never did bold with snch. There's nothing here that can well be spiled " — her statement was not to be gainsaid — "and! haven't let lodgings all these years without finding out that gentle men will be gentlemen, and likes to have their own ways, and their little fancies and comforts dooly considered. If a gentleman can't make himself .comfort able in these rooms, what I say is, the wit's his own." Without doubt, Mrs. Butterworth had been enabled, thanks to her experience of many years as a letter of lodgings, to appreciate that disregard for the niceties and formalities of domestic life — that in difference as to order and tidiness — so markedly distinguishing the male mind. A man does disapprove of that huddling away of the usefbd and common objects and appendages of e very-day life; which women so delight in for the sake of a show and a seeming of neatness and sym metry. Bnt Mrs. Butterworth, perhaps, credited her lodgers with a love of dost and nncleanness really foreign to their natures. However, it was not so much on this head that I found myself differing with my landlady. What I objected to was ho- strange but invincible preference for the person who had preceded me as tenant of her furnished apartments. She constantly spoke of him as "the last gentleman," as though with him had ended the whole stock of gentility in this country. And farther, she mentioned him as " a perfect gentleman," as though all other sped mens of the class that bad come under her notice were deficient in some one or other important respect. and doings ; she describedfully his cheer ful and obliging nature, his attractive ways, his wit and humour, his noble ap pearance, his elegance of dress, and gene rally the grace and charm of his method of life. I soon made up my mind that he was odious in no common degree. He was a bagman, 1 decided, although upon insufficient grounds possibly, for upon this point Mrs. Butterworth did not supply very precise information. Her statements, indeed, were always inclined to be inexact At one time she certainly attributed to him professional connection with the newspaper press.; bnt the only evidence she could adduce in support of this view concerned the uncertain hours he kept; and the readiness with which he conld procure orders for the theatres. He was frequently absent for weeks together ; he lived " like a fighting-cock" — so Mis. Bntterworth asserted, with out, perhaps, any distinct knowledge of the diet of that fowl ; and he had a way of obtaining articles of ' all kinds at trade price, or upon even cheaper terms. Alto gether there were some lair grounds for believing him a bagman. Mrs. Butter worth said amply that he "travelled," but whether in silk, wine, furs; or hard ware, she could not be sure. She was, perhaps, without any definite idea of the signification of " travelling " considered technically. She was an inaccurate woman, with what might be called a flabby system of speech. She was never quite clear even as to the surname of my predecessor. Paddymore, Pabbledore, Passymore, Passlebore, Poddlenore ; she referred to him by all these appellations and by various others; bnt distantly connected with these, snch as Poppleqoick, Dub- blewick, Dnmblewick, Bassiter, Mush- away, Ac. I decided that his name was of two syllables — Pasmore, probably. She was prone, I had noticed, -to a re dundant syllable — as though words conld be improved bv— what-ds. Jermed. »n appoggiatnra. Thus, with her, West minster became West-minister ; a villain was a villian ; - Henry was Henery ; breakfasts were tneakfostet; and even sometimes breakf osteoses; severaT was tortured into severed ; and so on. Whenever I mentioned the name, of Pasmore, she always understood that I was alluding to my predecessor. He ate end drank of the best " He was of liberM disposition;, was even .pro fusely Inclined. He was jocose j of a genial nature; addicted to conundrums and comic songs. . He smoked admirable cigars, and -a meerschaum -pipe of mag nificent design. He dressed after s costly fashion, enjoying fame on -the score of his glossy hats, his light tight gloves,! his lacquered boots, and a large overcoat of sable or seal skin, or some such costly fur, reputed to be of enormous value. .1 felt, as X learned these particulars, how much I suffered by comparison with my predecessor. X have never hud much stress upon my outer man ; so that! have clothes enough to cover me, and keep me warm sufficiently, I am indif ferent as to their texture, hue; or pat tern. When Mrs. Butterworth spoke of Mr. PaBinore's hats, it seemed to me that she glanced disrespectfully ' at my own rather battered headgear. And it was the same with other things. ; If I ordered gs for breakfast, I was forth with reminded that in addition to eggs, my predecessor was in the habit of en- loying bacon and kidneys, chops, and amb'sfry, or some such delicacies. If Z ventured to examine Mrs. Bnttenrorth's . book, I was instantly reminded that " the last gentleman " had invariably satisfied her demand without any auditing of her accounts — not to mention his being " that free " with his money, as to hand over any loose change there ought be to " the gurL" I had a decent silk umbrella; but his umbrella was decked with golden bands, and had an agate knob. My stick was of useful blackthorn ; he earned a grandly -tasselled cane, much ornamented with precious metal His very whiskers were luxuriant ; mine, admit, are of inferior, even of scrublike growth. I own frankly to bong plain of paeon ; but I had never felt this of so serious a disadvantage until circumstances bad forced me into comparison with this creature Pasmore, whose peculiar comeli ness was strongly insisted upon by Mrs. Butterworth. Is it not surprising altogether that I did not love my pre decessor? I sought, naturally, to find joints in his harness — weak places in his character, and constitution, and habits — upon which X might dwell, and so find com fort. I persuaded myself that he was grossly vulgar, that he over dressed and over-ate himself, that he was ill-bred, illiterate, coarse — a very lowpersoninfact, with a certain gross cajoling manner, likely to impress exceedingly such a woman as Mrs. Butterworth. But her opinion of him, I soon found, was not to be shaken ; X could not persuade her even to hint a word to his prejudice ; nor conld I really discover any special flaw in her account of him. One feet was beyond question. He had paid all claims upon Mm — in cluding, of course, Mrs. Butte rworth's — with exemplary and enviable punctu ality. . I could only hope to live him down, as it were. As time passed, Mrs. Batter- worth's memory might decline — the charm and graces of my predecessor might present themselves to her less vividly. There was even a possibility that my own merits — upon which, as a modest man, X am disposed to be dumb — might eventually tell upon Mrs. Bntterworth. Hie lodger coming after me might have fables narrated of me, comparisons instituted to Ms incon venience, just as it was now my torn to listen to' these too- flattering accounts of my predecessor. If X am asked what did it really matter that Mrs. Butter worth thought unworthily of me, in re gard to Mr. Pasmore, I can only say that it did no); of course, really matter ; still the things that do not matter have, somehow, a way of materially affecting the comforts and enjoyments of human life. People who live alone seem almost driven to look from their windows, in satisfaction of that longing for com panionship which distinguishes man. It is something to see one's fellow-creatures moving to and fro, even if one is never to know more of them, or of the objects of their proceedings. I am a constant looker out of windows ; a watcher of the passers-by; an observer of my neigh bours. Great Decorum-street is but a doll thoroughfare ; not particularly fre quented ; tenanted by very common place people — poorly genteel, or genteelly poor. Stiff, I was very frequently at my window ; sometimes with nothing better to contemplate than the amazing congre gation of blacks on the window-siiL It was some time before I was conscious that I in my turn was an object of contemplation and interest Looking down from above, a second-floor window, I found that I was looked at from below, very pertinaciously. A man's eyes were fixed on uie — as tbe ghost in Hamlet fixed bis eyes upon Horatio — most constantly. The man was a police man. He watched uie, as I judged, for some days, beiug relieved at intervals by other policemen. It was certainly curious. The tMug set me wondering somewhat, but did not otherwise vex or move me. Happily mine is a mind conscious of its own integrity. I felt assured that the constable was not really watcMng me, although he might seem to be so. Bis eye — representing that more important organ, the eye of the law — conld not but be fixed in fact upon some other object 1 had finished breakfast I had put aside the newspaper, with that feeling common to Mi readers of newspapers laying down their journals; that really there was very little news abroad to justify so much writing and printing, when Mrs. Bntterworth entered my sitting-room with an "unaccountable suddenness and impetuosity. She informed me that I was wanted. "Wanted I" X repeated, with vague surprise, and interrogatively. " Yes, please," she answered ; " by a p'liceman." And there was, I perceived, a radiance upon her face betoking joy at my discomfort, and at the justification thus afforded for her systematic deprecia tion of me. - X read her expression of countenance ; I was a very inferior per son ; I had been guilty of unworthy con duct ; I had incurred the rebuke of the law, in tire shape of a constable. It was just what she had expected of me, and been accordingly prepared for Ml along. " There must be some mistake." " Oh, I' daresay. There often is mis takes." This was said with an air of exceeding incredulity, not immiH wjth irony." " Why, what do yon mean ?" I with some indignation, " What do yon think has happened f ' " Oh, it isn't forme to say as she spoke her face wore a sort of greasy leer that I found very objectionable. "But I suppose you've bear forgetting yonr. self somehow. Gentlemen will be gentle men, you know, and they gets forgetting tbeirselves nows and tfaens. You've been taking a glass, perhaps. I've known a many gentleman that's jbappen to; and " Show the policeman up," I said sharply. He entered forthwith. He had been standing immediately outside the door of the room, as it seemed. He bowed rather stiffly, and cougbed behind his hand. I>v way of apology, as I understood u ; out 1 could not foil to notice that them was something of dis trust about bis manner. He then glanced significantly from me to Mrs. Butter worth. " Take a chair, policeman," X said in a stately ,w»y. " You need not remain, Mrs. Bntterworth." " I'd as lief stand," he said, with a second apologetic cough. Mrs. Butter worth withdrew, but with manifest re luctance. 'She took op her position, 1 feel persuaded, just outside tbe door, and possibly her ear was placed in the immediate neighbourhood of tbe key- hole, I do not think, however, that she could have overheard much, for my con versation with tbe constable was carried on in a very subdned tone, " It Mn't a pleasant business " the policeman began. " It rarely is a pleasant business that a policeman — on duty — has anything to do with," X arid. Bnt I soon found that my interlocutor was of a grave and stolid nature, disinclined for any remarks of a light character. ' " It's only a case of suspicion — as yet ; I may say that mnch," and he coughed again. "Bnt there's something wrong been going on here for a long time past." " Here ? In this honse ? Yon don't mean that ?" "Well, sir, that is about what I mean. Of course I've a dnty to perform, and I most go through with it. You can well understand that, sir, X daresay. I've come here " " From information yon've received ?" "That's just it; sir. But I've frill authority. Fve a search-warrant with me if you care to see it" " You've a warrant ?" " Yes. Don't be alarmed, sir, I ain't arresting yon, you know. Tuere's no case against you, as I understand — not at present, at any rate. But I'm bound to search these here premises." " Search them ? Bnt what for 1" He did not reply immediately ; but, producing a black leather pocket-book, be drew from it a photograph, which he handed to ma " Do yon happen to know that party?" The portrait resembled no one I knew, or had ever known. I said as much. " You're sure ?" " Quite sure." .He eyed me very suspiciously, and seemed dissatisfied with my' reply. He resumed possession of the photograph ; and then, with a very blunt pencil, which he found it necessary to moisten with his tongue, he made a brief entry in his pocket- book. " How long have you lived here ?" X told Mm. "Not longer than that?" You're sure? No doubt that might make, a difference," he added, meditatively ; and then he glanced round the room. " Is that desk yonra ? and that de spatch- box ? and the portmanteau like wise ? You occupy the bedroom at the back?" X reply in the affirmative to all these inquiries. " And you're the only lodger on this floor f " The only lodger." " If you'll excuse me, sir, X must put my search-warraut in force." " You're quite welcome. Here are my keyes ; I have nothing to conceal. You are perfectly free to make whatever ex amination yon think necessary. I can only answer, of course, for tbe portion of the premises in my own occupation. But, I have no doubt; Mrs. Bntterworth will offer no hindrance ; will even lend yon every assistance in searching the other parts of the premises." " Mrs. Bntterwith ? The landlady, I suppose ? Well, I donnoiuo much about her." L The policeman shook his head doubt fully, and coughed once more — clearly an artificial cough — behind his hand. He again looked round the room. " You don't happen to know the party as lived here before you ?" " His name, X believe, was Pasmore, or something like it. I did nut know him. I never sawhitu that I am aware of." " Oh, his name was Pasmore, was it, or something like it ? Bnt you don't know Mm ? There's no mistake about that F' " No mistake whatever. But Mrs Butterworth will tell you anything you want to know about Mr. Pasmore. She's told me a good deal about Mm." " Has she t Well, I must see about Mrs. Butterworth. I should, perhaps, have mentioned to you before — in the way of caution — that anything you say to me may possibly be used against you at some future time." " You mean ?" "Well, to be plsun with you, sir, you're under suspicion. This is a case of smashing. We've been on to it for a good time past, without being able to drop on to anything very particular. I don't mean to say that what there is against you amounts to a case ; and, to be frank with yon, I don't believe that yon've even been really in the swim at all. You'll excuse me for saying that I take yon to be far too soft a gentleman for the business. But you know, or, maybe, you don't know, that you passed two had half-crowns last week, and a doubtful shilling or so the week before ?" "/did?" " No question at all about it The money's been traced." I confess I was mnch amazed. " Why," I said, after a moment's re flection, " all the change Fve received daring the last two weeks has been 1 handed me by Mrs. " " Mrs. Bntterworth — -just so," and he grinned in rather a ghastly way. "Now," he continued, f 'I'll trouble you for the key of that corner cupboard." " I have not got it" " I thought not I think -I .see how the land lies." "Yon are wMcome to examine Ml I possess " " Except this cupboard. But it's just this cupboard I want to examine — and mean to. The key, if yon please !" " I haven't gut it," I repeated. " Then I must prize the lock." "Possibly Mrs. Butterworth has the key." X .rang the belL Mrs. Bntterworth appeared almost im mediately. She could not have been for from the door. She was panting as usual, but she was pale, which was not usuM with her. "There's nothing in that cupboard, youug man," she said to tbe policeman. " Nothing ? Then there'll be no harm in my searching it." " There's only a few things beluuging to the . last gentleman." " Mr. Pasmore t" "Mr. Battledore." For so, as I gathered, she now pronounced the name. " fie left yon in a; hurry, I think ?" " Well,' he did, poor gentleman. His mother was dying." "I must have the key." " It's not in my possession." " You're sure ? Be carefnl now." And you haven't an idea what's inside the cupboard 2" "I haven't. The last gentleman, leaving in a hnny, asked for permission to stow away in that cupboard a few things he couldn't well tie with him. Gf course X gave him leave— and the key — which he put in his pocket. I was very happy to oblige him ; for of all the perfect gentlemen " she indulged in a very flattering and high-flown account of my predecessor. " Is that at all like Mm ?" demanded the policeman, exMbiting Ms photograph. " The very Mmage of Ms 'andsome face." Now the portrait did not represent at Ml a handsome man, but rather a plain one — indeed, a very plain one. A com mon-looking creature with abundant greasy curls and whiskers ; a swollen nose of a vulgar pattern ; a smirking, sinister-looking mouth ; and glaring eyes that squinted — I am almost sore they squinted. Such was my predecessor ! He wore a velvet coat and a plaid waist coat, over which streamed the ends of a silk-handkerchief drawn through a jew elled ring. He was exposing to view an ill-shaped, thick- fingered hand, in which he held a stump of a cigar — a vile one; X am persuaded, by its aspect in the photo graph. r " I should have recoguised him any wheres," said Mrs. Butterworth. " Yon've seen him lately I" " Not so long since. He called one day — a fortnight ago, I think it were — quite permiscuous like, and was perlite as perlite. He give me. change for a sovereign. I was baying a lettuce at the street door, and hadn't a sixpence in silver, I remember. Tbe sight of Mm did me good, for of all the nice gentle men " She went on with her cus tomary effusiveness. " I think we're on to him nicely now," said the policeman. "He's known to as as Spicy Benjamin — a dodger if there ever was one. For this cap- board " He opened it with an instrument he had brought with Mm. " The charge is smashing — or coining, if yon like to call it so — and here we have fall particulars. This was how yonr bad half-crowns was managed, sir." Tbe cupboard contained all things ne cessary to the fabrication of base money — variouB tools, monlds in plaster of Paris, dies, a lump of Britannia metal, means of counterfeiting the milling round the edges of coins, Ac. — the complete ontfit, I may call it; of a coiner. "There's no fear, we shan't nobble Spicy Benjamin now," said the police man. " Bat I own we've been a while upon the track — and we've been after various wrong persons. Bnt that's our way, that is— and ft don't so mnch matter so as we Mt on the right trail at last We don't always ; bnt I think we can't foil in this case. As nice and gin-teel a bit of smashing as I think I've often met with." X have reason to believe that the person known to the police as Spicy Benjamin, and to me aa My Predecessor, was eventually brought to justice and snffered, if not very severely, for Ms offences against the law. And now, I thought, I shall no longer incur disparagement at the hands of Mrs. Bntterworth. In comparison with a convicted felon, surely I shall appear to some advantage. But, no. Mrs. Butterworth was dazed at first — frightened, I think, lest she shoMd be implicated in her favourite lodger's criminality; but, indeed, she was, I believe, wholly innocent, and for a while she was silent on the subject. But graduMly I found her absurd first impressions reasserting themselves ; she was drifting back to her old high esti mate of my predecessor ; clearly she thought no better of me than formerly. In time she had actually persuaded herself that his misdeeds were but peccadilloes, of a light, and elegant, and genial nature, such as any gentleman might happen to commit; without being veiy deserving of censure. And she took to underrating me because X was not a coiner ! " After all," she said, " there's a many as would like to do what he did, poor dear, only they dursen't Whatever he was, he was never a sneak ; and he'd a nice way with Mm, as wonld win the heart of a broomstick. What did it matter if his half-crowns was bad ones ? He was very liberal with 'em. He'd give 'em away — Fve seen Mm, times and times — as though they was dross. That's more than you can say of every body." It ended in my giving np my apart ments in Great Decorum-street. I have seen nothing since either of my landlady, Mrs. Butterworth, or of my predecessor, Mr. Pasmore, otherwise known as Spicy Benjamin. 