MELBOURNE. 21st January. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) For the second time in the history of the c[?]lony the Government of Victoria has committed dis[?] sers of insolvency, and the disappointed duns besiege the Treasury door. We are already far into January, and in less than a fortnight the civil servants ".rid r-atire their salaries, while the large contractors for" the Government will be still more seriously injured by the delay in payments. There is a sat its tint when things come to the worst they must mead, and it is probable that now that the pinch has been reoiiv hit in an unmistakable manner public feeling thro-j T hcut the colony will be aroused to lake a more active ia terest in the present situation. It is understood that Sir James M.*CoUoch will inform his adherents on Tuesday next, before the House meetr, y. hat course he intends to adopt, and meanwhile the pabiic creditors will have to make the b-sst of the situation until then, bat there is no doubt that even before Tuesday the suspension of payments will involve much hardship to individual, and that nnbwg some prompt insans are taken the list oi new insolvents will be swelled.. Business-men now are not in as good a position to stand a protracted dead-lock as they were during the Darling strairde and the pecuniary effects of that never-to-b-T-fur gotten episode in our history are still felt in many families. ■ The • hearing of the curious charge against Hash Mitchell, the iormer proprietor, and now driver, oi the Lilydale coach, oi having embezzled the fires received from the “ pick- ups,” was resumed to-day. Evidence was given that Mitchell in handing in his fares alsavs used to o daiify delivery by some such remark as “ I supnose it’s correct,” and that as he was illiterate he was not required to keep an account oi them in his way-bill. The accused, is believed to be a man of considerable property; was thoroughly trusted by his present employers, he having owned the line and having held a respectable position for so long, and it was not until he had been under surveillance for a considerable time that he was arrested. In hia position the act of embezzling b foo? chilliuus at a time seems to be incomprehensible, nor is it at ali certain that it can be proved, for al though committed to take his trial the accused has been allowed to remain at liberty on hia own recogni sance of £4OO. There is a movement on foot to constitute some memorial of the late Mr Michael O'Grady, ana his co religionists are active' in promoting it. A meetinr, at which a great number of leading citizens, cuirfiv con nected with the Catholic party, were ptesenq took place td-day, when a conference with the committee appointed last Tuesday evening at St. Patrick’s Hall was arranged, the committees conjointly to prepare a programme to be submitted to a general meeting oi intending subscribers on Tuesday next The Licensed Victuallers’ Association have blooming families, whose health they are careful not to imperil. Accordingly, in consequence of its beiuz reported that scarlet fever prevails at Sorrento, they have re solved to change the locality of the anneal* picnic to Portsea, much to the chagrin oi the compmv t f pro prietors of the Sorrento hotel. Porrsea is, however, not very far from Sorrento, so that it would appear that there must have'been some very powerful in fluence at work to cause this slight deviation from the locality originally selected. Professor Sylvester bad a narrow escape this morn ing oi having a considerable degree ct licit thrown upon his ghost illusion, as he was sued by Mr Tain Lewis, the E iyal down, for AtO, wages accrued after he (Lewis) had been summarily and, as he contended unjustifiably dismissed. The bench held differently, and dismissed the suit with three guineas costs. • The rush to hear Mademoiselle De Murska is prov ing enormous, and it is already jnost uilScult to obtain seats in either of the divisions open to allotment. The box plan for Tuesday opens on Saturday morcinr, so that intending visitors from the country will require to telegraph early, as this is another positively last appearance. For the coming Geelong meeting the Gup is attract ing much interest on account of the celebrity oi five oi the horses engaged; they have the five top weights, ranging from Bst 101 b on Wollomai, to s=c 13ib on the Maid oi All Work. Ido not think this year’s Cup winner’s impost too heavy, for he has carried Sit 131 b a mile and three-quarters ia the very fast time of 3 min. 7A sec., and though lam inclined' to think the 1J miles suits him best, it may be wrong to conclude he cannot keep up his speed a quarter mile further.- Of Melbourne, the nest high weight, Bst 61b, I must write in some doubt after his per formance in the Champion Pace, not that his running there should put us off our guard, for it was probably known then in his stable that Goldsbrough was the best oi the two, and Mel bourne may not have been quite in his true form that day; he can stay well, and it quite in condition is capable of adding the second Geelong Cup to his laurels. The next is Haricot at Tst 13ib, or 71b leia than Melbourne; now, if Haricot comes tic to tie post, and with a good start his chance is rosy, bat the said two reservations are important and should ha cou \i-or£'at^si*i3lb"u*splln'dafty^Vuj anSHook’ my fancy directly I saw the weights; there seems considerable desire to back her, and 3to 1 cannot be obtain,d. She is a truerunner, judged by her public performances, and may therefore be trusted. Eicbmoad, 7st Gib. shows that Mr Barnard has the courage of his opinions; if the colt does win, I shall not be surprised if the baadi capper has hard words snoken of him: bqt again, u Ifichmond does not c-bnie In first, I shall give my quota of praise to the discernment oi the oSLial weight appraiser; but really, looking at tbs wonderful running of Eichmond, I cannot help writing that Mr Jellett has cause to congratulate himself that the champion ia in so light; be ia mqqh fancied, and backed at 7. to 2. Of the remaining seven light weights, carrying 6=t 121 b to sst 71b, I am not enamored of their chance, and postpone any indi vidual notice until I hear more as to which are really going the journey. At the inquest to-day on the poor woman found dead yesterday morning it transpired that ;h; and f ; laborer had been accustomed to ileep at niglif on the banks of the Tarra near'ErinceTs bridge. It seems the woman felt 1 ill, but refused to go to the shelter of the Immigrants’ Home. By the time her companion had sought and obtained the assistance of a constable he returned to her and found her dead. The doetpr pronounced that death had arisen from peritonitis, brought on by expoause, and a verdict was returned to that effect. , I am informed that the Eagineer-in- Chief of the I Sail ways has offered no objections to the reseivation o# the ground known as the Caulfield Ercecourse for the'uca p£ fhe Yiptorian 4-mateur Tuff Cmf), and the consent of the’tru’stees is only now required, for the club to ob tain possession. It vyas at One time thought that the proposed Qippsland line would embrace a portion of the reserve, but Mr Higinbotham has seeu bis way to make a.slight detour, so as to admit of a passenger station being erected on the boundary of the reserve. 