TOPICS OF THE DAY- Tiib Herald will bo published as usual on Easter Monday, and will contain a fail account of the A.J.O. Autumn Meeting. Of course, every one will make their ar- rangements, to-day, tor is aster Monday, l bo usual variety of amusements is offered. Among tbo great public attractions is the Druid's Gala at the Friendly Societies' Gardens. There will he a procession, ac cording to custom, of jdruids throughout tho. city in their white gownB, and long white boards and hair. The regiment will number some hundreds. A Roman Oatholio picnic < is to bo held at the Warehousemen's ground) proceeds for charities, and a very inviting programme of games is sot down. Tho Golden Grown, Williams, and various other steamers, will proceed down the bay. It is to be hoped tho fine weather, which has prevailed all tho week, will hold out, but fears arc expressed of a change to-morrow or on Monday. Tho night nmusemeots afford many attractions. After sampling his lecture on Oliver Crom well to-night, at tho Town Hall, Mr Chailcs Clarke will re-dclivor it on Monday. The Theatre Royal, for tho first time, finds that Easter can be tided ovar without a change of bill, Our Boys having proved such an im mense hit. It is preceded by Sweethearts, and thus the pnblic have together tho two best pieces of tho year. Mr Emmet holds his own well at tbo Opera House. Business has been so good that Mr Lyster decided not to put np tho play of Max, whioh was in readiness, with a magnificent scene in the Alps mountains from the pencil of Mr Hubbe. This is a future treat. Fritz is to run through the holidays. The U.S. Minstrels are open at the Apollo Hall. At St. George's Hall there is tho rare old panorama of the American War whioh has been' exhibited 2000 times in the Southern Hemisphere, including Australia. Now Zealand; Oape Colony, India, China Japan, etc. ' From the AustTalasinu it appears thit Signor Ricoiottl Garibaldi, a son of Italy's liberator, General Gnribaldi, has been, for somo time, a resident in Melbourne, The journal mentioned published, to-day a lengthy and interesting contribution from this gentleman, detailing an interesting and exciting; incident in, his own career.- The public would, no doubt, bo glad to make the acquaintance of Signor Garibaldi, could he be induced to give a lecture ou some subject connected with Italy. It is not often that the sons of such illustrious fathers find their way to this end of the world. The only serious charge dealt with at the City iock-up this morning was oac of stab bing, preferred by the barman of the Ad- miral Hotel, King street, against an elderly man named James Brown. The prisoner went into tho aboxemmi' d hotol last night in an intoxicated condition, and called for a drink, which was refused him. The prose cutor, on requesting the prisoner to retire received a stab from u pocket-knife, which' Brown held in his baud. Prisoner, who pleaded drink as nn extenuation of hie offence, was sentenced to two months' im prisonment. About seven o'clock last evening, a servant of Mr Thomas Hereby, 18G Victoria parade East Melbourne, observed a man stealthily entering the front room of the honse, anil conoaal himself, Mr Ourchy was apprised of tbe fact, and the man, taking the alarm ran off, towards Colliugivood. The same man .was subsequently seen in the neighbor hood of Mr Darchy's house. About six o'clock yesterday morning, two boys, named Charles Newton and William ' Bormy, heard the orics of a child in Albion streot, Brunswick, proceeding from inside the fence of Mr James Waters' garden, close to tho footpath. The child was lying npon tho ground, wrapped in nn old shawl. The infant, who was apparuut y about eight months old, was given into the charge of a nurse, pending inquiries being made by the police. Mr Theodore tlart states that about 9.30 p.m., of Thursday last, he noticed a women carrying an infant going in the direction of Mr Water's house. Ho describes her as being tnllisb, and haviug a light colored dress, with a w'riLn Btruw hat trimmed with black on her head. We ore requested to draw attention to the Druids ball to be held in the Carlton Orderly room, Grottan street, on Easter Monday nignt. Membors of the Order and of other Friendly Societies are requested to nppear in regalia. Particulars appear in our advertising columns. The city iock-up was cleared this morning by Messrs Wilton and Priuco, Js.P. The charge-sheet was of the usunl holiday char- acter, the majority of the cases being charges of drunkennesB and minor offences. It being a conrt holiday, several cases of larceny, etc., were remanded till Wedno.-dny next. A cab accident occurred this morning, on the Richmond rond, but. fortunately, was attended with no serious consequences, A cab, with three passengers, were coming from Richmond to Mofbonrne, when the horse tripped against one of the water pings in the middle of the road, and fell heavily ; luckily, the passengers and driver escaped without injury, but the horses' xnecB were Bevcrely cut by comiug iuto collision with the metal stones. Mr I. Jonas, of the Earl of Zetland Hotel, has a rather heavy joh on hand now to feed the Good Templars through their session in BaUarat, (says the Star). The caterer has to provido three meals a day for four days, at each of which 200 persons are supposed io sit down. This large party will be served in the old market sheds, adjoining the city hall, in Armstrong street. Some amusement was caused in the most fashionable part of Collins-street on Thurs day (says the Melbourne correspondent of the Bcndigo Advertiser) by the freaks of a- cow, which, tempted perhaps by that curi osity which is asserted to be inherent in the femaio sex generally, took it into her head to march up a long passago, and straight into the Inrge dining hall of the newly re opened Criterion Hotel, Several habitues of the well-known hostelry were com fortably seated at dinner when the four- footed visitor stalked into the room, and, an might naturally be expected, knives anil forks were dropped in utter astonishment at the- unwonted intrusion. Madame Cow, who- appeared to be the least disconcerted of the- whole party, looked ronnd upon the assembled gnests with silent contempt, and then turned tail, and with a posse of waiters at her heels went back again by the way she had coma in, and made her final exit without having caused the slightest damage. There wbb no business transacted at the Emerald Hill police court this morning. The visiting magistrate attended at the lockup, and disposed of six cases of drunken ness. Each of the offenders were let off by paying the usual 5s fine. _ By the courtesy ot Mr Gibbs, assistant-re gistrar for the central division, we (BaUarat Star) have the following mining statistics for the qnarter ending 31st March : — " Alluvial miners, European, 760 ; do, Chinese, 190 ; quartz miners, 1319 ; total, 2259\. Gold from allnvial, 8137 oz 18 dwt 9 gr ; do from quartz, 6332 oz 16dwt 1 gr ; total, 14,470 oz IS dwt 10 gr. Tons of quartz crushed, 25,084 ; total yield of gold from quartz, 6332 oz lSdwt 1 gr; average, perton, 4 dwt 23'62, Total quantity of water supplied' to miners 10,781,000 gallons, at -id per 100 gallons. Gold purchased by seven BaUarat banks, 25,857 oz 9 dwt 15 gr. MoEqnito, in the Bcndigo Independent, says The Minors' Race Olub, BaUarat, advertise, amonrr other rni-an — " All Saints Trot, for 15 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov. ; about three miles; weight, list," Why they should trot their saints out is a mystery, and the limit of weight to list is another. Did they never see a fat saint? I believe that the more grease a man has, the more likely is his light to shine. Saints at 1 1st each I BaUarat miners are proud of their saints, perhaps, and wish to show their paceF, Thoy are not so very scarce, after all. If the Ball arat miners choose to challenge nll-ronnd, I will find a saint to beat any tbey conld produce in tho trotting line. Some thief has made a good haul, Accord ing to tho Police Gazette, John Purvis, bnllock-drivcr nnd selector, Dooknlook, nczr Yea, states that, between eight a.tu , and midnghb of tho 27th ultimo, there vrere stolen from a bag in bis waggon at Dooga- look, in his absence, a £50 note on the Union Bank, Melbourne, seemingly a long time in circulation, signed like D. J. Denny, on lower left corner, and 163 heavily written with black ink over the No. on the upper right corner; five £20 notes, ten £10 notes nnd twenty Beven sovereigns. Tho moucy was wrapped in two railway waybills signed by — Cole, stationronster, Tullnrook, for goods consigned to J. W. Cairns, nnd, a pnper with tho names and descriptions of a team of bullocks, A fatal accident occurred in Spnnhnke'0 Tribute mine, Hnmffray street, on Wednes day evening, (says the Bnllarat Star), abiut seven o'olock, whereby one of the trihntnrs, named Jacob Heinlz, lost bis life. The cause of tho accident, us far ub can Dpw be gathered, wns as follows:— Tho deceased was engnged in a drive putting in a set of timber where overhead there was a looso vein oj quartz, which it was deemed necessary to mnko safe. One of the props wis not put m upright, nnd while being knocked into posi tion tho timber gave way, and down fell a body of qnortz, striking tbo unfortunate minor on the book of the neck, and doubling I , . up on tho floor of tho drive. As soon ns I the accident was discovered, the other men I below quickly set to work to release their I ""tc which tbe.v succeeded .in doing tu I bont an hour. When tnken out tho deceased I was found to have had his neck broken I Mar tho Bhoulders, and to be very much I hruised about tho body, which, as wo said I klfore was bent doubld with the weight of I lone 'lying on it. Heintz has been over I twenty years in tho colony, the greater part I „f which time he spent in and around Bnl- I larnt working cither as a timber-waggon I driver or a minor. For the last sixteen I vears he has resided at Dead Horse, where ho I leaves a wife and eight children, who, no I doubt, nro in aome sort provided for, as tho I tribators have beon doing very well out of I the mine for some time past. I The Illawnrra Mercury soys " It would I appear that Mr G. It. Dibbs, who now aots I tbedoublo part of nominal member for West I Sydney and representative for Newcastle, is I likely to be immortalized, at least in the vegetable and bnlblinc, in thiB district. In our Inst iSEue we stated that Mr Robinson, I of Para Creek Garden, had named a certain I kind of cabbage grown by him the 1 Dibbs- I Diumhend.' On this occasion we have to announce to our readers the growth of a I particular sort of potatoe, which is henceforth I to be known as the ' Dibbs Defiance,' It I would thus appear that though the lanrel I wreath may never adorn Mr Dibbs' brow, his I name is likely to remain groen and flourish I for ages yet to come, by being handed to I posterity in tho shape of cabbage-heads and I potatoe- bloBSoms." I The new waltz introduced by the Messrs I Roberts at the ball in honor of the officers of I the Luise on Thursday night, is likely to I become very popular. It is called ttc Skating I Rink Waltz, and has been sent out specially I tp tho Messrs Roberts by Dau Godfrey. I Tho M. A. Mail has a manly protest I against the tone recently ndopted by the I freetrado journals: — We protest altogether I at the tone assumed by the leading journnt I of Melbonrne, which trioB, by a side wind, I to throw the blame on the ad valorem I duties. We have no objection to onr freo I trade contemporaries making the matter a I text on which to deliver a homily against the obnoxious impoBts, but we do protest I against the impolicy of a law being made an I excuse for private fraud, We do not moan I to say, that any fraud has been proved I against the Stevensons' ; but the argu- I meats used are, that, if such things be, the I ad valorem duties are to blame. On the £ame principle, smuggling, and ' ail the I crimes and calamities incident to it, may be laid at the door of the universal system of I TSvenue imposls. Possibly, the sly grog sel- I let who is fined for vending gin-poison in his wretched Bhanty, might lay his sins on the H licensing system, which not a few political economi-ts condemn. There is no more I dangerous principle to morality to enunciate than the view that an impolitic fiscal law is I a palliation of fraud. We are as oppo-ed to protective duties, and especially to thoso H levied ad valorem, as it is possible to be; H hnt we nttcrly refuse, advocates as we arc of frectrade, to palliate a fraudulent evasion of them. If one firm be guilty of this — and we put the cose hypothetieally, inasmuch as no fraud has been proved against the Steven- H eons— not only do they by their act defraud the Custom, but they cheat tboBe in the same line of business. Their competitors, whose invoices nre genuine dscumunts, and who pay fair duties, are undersold by tbom, H and the Customs authorities, not only in their H own interest, but in the interests of others, are bound to leave no stone untnrned to H ascertain the truth, H A considerable sensation prevails in the H neighborhood of Macnrthur (says the Hamil- H ton Spectator), owing to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which has be n H seen by several persons on the estate of Mr Cormichael, at Harton Hills. It appears taat four men, working at a job of fencing, were camped about two mileB from the head H station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seeing a figure, draped in white, etalking backwardH and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened were they. that they beat a retreat to the station, and communicntad tho particulars to Mr Towart, H the overseer, whilst a dog they bad with them participated in the alarm, and ran away howling pitcouaiy. Next night a party H oi eight, including a policeman from the Itowmhip, bivouacked in the hannted spo , and five of them were rewarded by getting a sight of the ghost. The news began to \ spread, and we understand tha', last night, Hf a large party was to be made up from Mac- j arthur, with a view to sol vc the' mystery, if Hj possible. Tradition Btates that tho locality B in question was, many years ago, the scene Hj of s fatal affray betweon the early settlers H and the aboriginals, and that in these en- counters the blacks come o£E second-best. H Of course, the supposition is, that one of the natives so disposed of has "jumped up whitefellow," in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment of tbe H nerves of the fencing party by his " counter- feit presentment I" It should be mentioned H ll at the ghost has already one casualty to H answer for, inasmuch as one of tho intended -nterviewists, in his hurry to got n sight of H be apparition, was thrown from his horse, nd broke bis leg. 