rýHE first impulse of an ingenuous .r- mind is to believe whit it hears, supposing that which is related does not carry improbablility on the face of it. __In some count!ies--as in Japan for instance, where the utterance of a falsehood(is said-to be regarded by every. one with horror-such iugenu ousness may be indulged in without danger. But in Weastern Australia, asin 'a.good manylother places'-in the, world, it may be.as well not to listen to this first generous impulse. It is safer to jidhore to the rule'of believing - nothing of "what one hears and only half what one' sees. To minds in which there still remains a large share of natural innocence this is a rule very difficult to observe-we have found it so ourselves-but it is only by 'observ ing it or preserving strict silence until - one has carefully investigated the truth that oneis safe from committing one self to assertions which may give rea son for 'regret An instance of this came under our notice only last week. It was reported widely and unhesita tingly that a prisoner entering Fre mantle under'escort attempted to es cape and was shot by the police in charge of him. The story filled every one witlt horror, but no one doubted its truth. It was perfect in all its de tails.. The.perpetrator of this wanton act of cruelty.was described as ex tremely sorry 'when he saw what- he had done, and as immediately c&linig; for water and b'thing the man's wound with. his handkerchief, and ob taining.a conveyance, and conveying him carefully to hospital. On the following morning the man died. There was of course no inquest, nor? any inquiry. But the story was none the less gmnerally credited. There - was nothing in the act itself to render it improbable-men have been shot by policemen under similar circumstances and have died, and been buried, and nothing more has ben heard of them. Why then should not this man have been shot?' Yet there was not a word of truth in the story from beginning to end. On enquiry at the police station, we found every one entirely ignorant of such an occurrence, and we subse quently ascertained that no" wounded man had been received into the convict hospital. As far as' we could learn,, the whole story-had its.origin in the fact that a prisoner who refused to walk from the North Fremaitle jetty had been taken to the Establishment in a conveyance. .There -was the nan, lying down in the bottom of the spring cart, apparently in suffering, and froml this all the rest was inferred. There is another account going about of a policeman shooting prisoners which, with a certain foundation of truth in it, has been garnished with details so extravagant as to. be utterly incre dible. These details are regarded as:true beyond all doubt. Our inabi lity to give them unhesitating assent has marked us as:sceptics.. The facts in this case are indeed fully authenti cated. Our informants were not like the. narrators of ghost stories-no,one of whom has been ever known to see a ghost-they: were credible wit nesses who saw what they related and invited those who doubted to see for themselves. Many received miracles do not rest on such: strong evi dence. But in this case the miracle was too great-and ow would not even see for ourselves. We have heard of persons of fiendish,. instincts who having been hoaxed themselves - ad vise: others to 1" go and see" in or der to have companions in misfortune. Therefore we would' not go. We are 'iot at all disposed to regard the ago of miracles as past.-; In'-miracles of a -certiin class the age in-which we live is prolific and we hold ourselves open to believe anything-but we did not go. The sight which we did not go to see was that-of four natives, each of whom had in a combined attempt to escape from a :policeman been shot by that - functionary through the head, the ball in '-each 'instance ,passing - directly through the brain or at least that por tion of'the skull; in which the brain is . usually, thought to reside, without causing any -unpleasart.' consequences beyond twO small perforations in the head' through which the harmless missile had .made its entrance and exit, It must have been so. We heard tbe natives ourselves. They had walked from Perth after the oc currence and were apparently in high spirits... Natives with such unaccoun table brains might indeed well bl i. high-spirits, for they are. clearly not subjectto theweaknesses andinfirmities of common men. It is true we are in 'iedulous. That apoliceman-a mere civilian from whom we should feel - safe atten-pacea-- shouid lieb so cool and'good a shotasto hit each of his four prisoners in the head when making a desperate struggle to get away from him, and that the balls from his revolver should :in all four cases either pass through the skull without' injuring it or:appear to have passed'through it without having d" - so, forbids us to believe the defas of this strange story till some fresh - revelation of science shall show it to be possible. Still, we confess our selves to be in the minority. The facts are fully authqnticated-except by the medical man, iwho has not yet examined these wonderful wounds and still more wonderful crania-and the little difficulty suggested by a knowledge of the peculiar sensitiveness of the human brain is got over by the general belief that natives are very difficult to kill. We do not believe but we are regarded as incapable or faith, and as deserving the contemptu ous epithet of "infidels." 'so much for general reports and popular beliefs. Meanwhile there is a serious aspect to the case. We are reminded that a power is pladed in the hands of the police, without'which the sort of reports to which we have referred would hot gain credit, and which they ought not <to possess. It is tthe power of shooting iat a prisoner under, escort who is doing nothing I worse than attempting to gain his liberty... The story of the miraculous shooting and preservation of the four natives is ridiculous. But there is no doubt that. the miserable creatures .were fired upon and their lives .en dangered.. It is the same.with white prisoners as with black; Men have for merely attempting to escape-been killed on the spot. This can be jus tified ''on 'no principle of either humanity or necessity. - An attempt to escape does not deserve the punish ment of death. Still less ought the power of life and death to be placed .in the hands of a policemain. In this .:.. country;. where escape :is impossible, there is,.not even a pretenice.for giving such.a power to such an official. The runaway is: simply shot as an: easy way. of disposing of him.. He'is shot ':to" save trouble. Here is.an end at' once to our humanity and consistency. Our pretensions to goodness are amaz ing. We spend days. and weeks and months in giving men who are accused of the blackest crimes a fair trial, and pretend to value human life so. highly, • that expense and time and trouble are not to be regarded, yet at 'the same time we give an ignorant constable, to whom we may pay five and twenty _shillings a Week, absolute power over the .man in .his custody to kill him or iot:as he thinkis fit.' "The constable so enpowered'niay not -care to kill his prisoner--he, may be a humane man ard may have ' a prdjudice against :killiig:,eveni?.h ere.it is permissible: But, supposing a spirit of wickedness should come over him, he has only to say that. his prisoner. attempted to . escape and, he is' hld free from all blame. Consequently 'the man in his ::charge-is entirely at his mercy. Thus the law is utterly inconsistent. With r one hand it affects to balance the scale of justice to a hair, 'with the. other it waives away-all' necessityrfor trial, and perimite an ordinary constable-a rough man whose services it buys at a small price to do iti rough work-to shoot down a human being at his pleasure as he would shoot a wild beast. p IERi E has always been aUgreat 1 talk about- the. importance. to this colony of the cultivation of. the grape and the making of wine. The climqte'and soil are highly favorable to 'the growth, of -the vine and it is therefore - assumed I- not without a show .of reason--that people should. "cultivate it -largely alnd turn it to the best account-that is, make good. wine instead of bad. At present we are accused of neglectinig our opportuni ties. .Now, as to our having a great deal of bad wine,- there 'is perhaps nothing wonderful in that. 'Even in Fold wine.pirodiucing countries, where everyone is supposed to know how to make wine, there is a great deal more -bad wine than good. The chief con Ssumers'of '-wine, just as the chief con sumers of cider, do, not care so.much about purity of taste and freedom from .acidity,. as about.'getting their liquor sharp and stroing, and no manufac-. turer, great or' small,' cares to take .trouble about an article which sells just as well without. There is a little fine wine-very fine -wine-made in the colony "ven` now--quite as much in proportion to the.total amount pro duced as there is in. France or Spain, in' proportion to the total amount made ih 'those countries. It may be \- added: -hat with the exceptionofa little very bad wine, there is a ready markettamong the working classes for all that is_ produced..- Wine actually commands a higher price here than in Spain, or France, or Germany, taking the average of all sorts of wine. Then again, the difficulty of making good .wine is very m'uch. increased by the impracticable distilling regulations in force-regulations which, under the pretence of assisting the wine m: ker, prevents his using up the whole of the grape and making wine as it ought to be made. If he was allowed the use of a still for the few weeks he is pres sing his grapes, and if the excise dur ing this .period were. allowed free :access to his distilling shed, and had charge of the still for the rest of the year, he could without any danger to the revenue, fortify his wine with a spirit with which it would assimilate ,andtwhich would- cause it to keep and ;improve it in every way. But the ex-. isting-.regulations '.put distilling from' the refuse of the. grape quite out of the question. This refuse-from which alone it would pay to distil-yields only one per cent. of spirit to the wine expressed, and the cost of the build ings,. &c.;, under the present law w'ould not be repaid in twenty years, even on the largest vineyards. Such persons, however, as' do not look to causes jump to the conclusion that the. wine growers of this country do not know anything about either wine mak ,_ing or vine growing, and think all would be set right by the introduction of German " vignerons." What those who speak of " vignerous "'-mean by the term, or what sort of persons they expect to get we scarcely understand. But if they expect men who have a practical knowledge of everything connected with the growth 'of the grape and the conversion of its juice .into wine, we are afraid they will be 'disappointed. Wine, like everything else, is best made by the persons who -can command the best appliances and ,the best workmen; and in countries -" here there are sufficient grapes to :supply a manufactory, manufactories spring up, and it is into their vats that the produce of the vineyards of the neighborhood fiuds its way. The' German laborer probably knows just as much about wine making as the English laborer knows about brewing. The one can generally make wine as the other can generally make beer, but neither can be depended on as skilled in the art. But even suppos. ing we were so fortunate as to receive a batch of really skilled hands-whe ther as wine growers or wine makers -where is the employment for them ? To whom would it answer to keep a man at high wages during the 'whole of the year in -order to secure his ser vices lr- a few weeks-to say nothing " oftheimpossibility of making good Swine, except in a few instances, with out power to distil the refuse ? No one grows enough grapes. There are not even enough grapes to be bought. It must not be supposed that all the Sgrapes we see growing would' make 'wine. Swaamp grapes 'will not make wine; and, even among the grapes which are grown on the high land the quality is only fine on a few soils. German vignerons may be very desi rable as colonists, and it might per haps answer the purpose of a few of our largest vine growers, if they could get a friend to send them over a use ful man who knew something' about vine culture and wine making, and who was at the same time content to be employed the greater part of the year as gardener or farm laborer. But skilled workmen coming here to seek for employment in any one single branch of the wine making business would find they were not wanted. In any, case, they would do very little eithei to increase the quantity of grapes grown or improve the quality of the wine made. The best- way to encourage, wine growing or any other industry, is to leave it as free as possible from restrictions. .It will then develope itself in proportion to the demand. Vine culture is just one of those things'which cannot be forced. It arises and, in such a colony ns this, must always arise in the first instance a-s an adjunct to. farming. The farm must come first. - There must be a bag of flour in the house before a man be gins planting vines. His farm estab lished and his livelihood certain, he may begin vine growing and gradually increase his vineyard according to the labor he has. at his disposal.: But,' unless a man has. a large capital: and can afford to run all sorts of risk, and lie"out 'of his' money for years, he can not enter into vine culture as a busi ness. It is an industry which must: be left to spring up of itself, and is best encouraged by leaving every man free to grow and 'make and sell in the way he finds most to his advantage. A CONFERENCE 'is about to be \- held by delegates from the Australian colonies to decide'on the question of an additional, telegraph line to Europe. "Several routes are proposed but the best is held to be one through Perth and' Ceylon.: It is the most. costly and will require the largest subsidy, but if it can be shewn that it:can be carried out and that it is the.safest by land and sea, it is not likely that a feirthousands in 'the way of subsidy will.with our. great' neighbors stand in the way of its adoption. Such a line could not pass. through this Colony without being of service to it, both c irectly andindirectly. Although,. therefore, it might not be' of. such: immediate importance, as to justify the Government in being par ties to.a subsidy, everything short of this should be done to advance it. A delegate might be sent to the'. confer ence to afford such information, as might be required, and engage 'that every facility should be afforded to the company undertaking the work. This is just one of those opportunities which should not be lost.. It would be a great mistake if at the approach ing conference this Colony was not re presented, and one which we might hereafter have reason to regret. We are the more bound to take all possible measures to get the new 'telegraphic line carried in our direction, inasmuch as we are not in a position to establish an independent line on our own account and want competition in order to bring the tariff of messages within our means. If all' those who attended the confer ence were actuated solely by the desire to- obtain the best route, we might per haps spare ourselves all trouble in the matter, =but various interests 'will: be represented and even:'the best pro pboal cannotbe safely left to itself or, afford to dispense with. what can legi timately' be said.inits 'favor. Under the"late administration, there would have been no hesitation.on the subject.: The inst lively interest in the sue cess of the Perth and Ceylon line would have been manifested.. It may be' hoped-if indeed we may .hope anything from tle present government -that the interests of the Colony in so'important amatter will even now be watched over and protected. THE people of Perth have deciaied that they will be subject to imposition no longer and have raised the'standard of re volt against the butchers... They have re cognised'the fact that they are in the hands of tyrannical conspirators, and have re solved to assert their indeeiendence and show that they can meet their oppressors on their own ground. :As the enemy were, if not in combination, entirely of one mind, the revolutionary party could not transfer their custom from one butcher to another, and they were perhaps reluctant to declare a season of abstinence from beef and mut ton, on account of the scarcity of eggs and: poultry, and the possibility of the butchers throwing up business and the abstminence being. inconveniently prolonged. They had therefore no alternative but to set up bnutcheringon their own account. WVe have niot much faith in undertakings of this sort, and should in the long run be disposed to back the butchers-we mran the' original- professional butchers - but the promoters of the new company are to be commended for the spirit and judgment with which they have gone to .work. There is nothing like plenty of money and agood leader. Two. thousand pounds in the way of capital end a barrister (Mr. S. Burt) for a leader ought to do something. The batchers-we mean the tyrants-have a great advantaue in having old-established 'connections with' large graziersin different parts of the colony on whom they can de pend, as well as in the circumstance that they are not dependent on managers, but can conduct their own business, and if their deputy should hippen to be on the epree, kill their meat themselves. In this point, we thiink even the gallant leader of their rebel subjects must envy them. As an operator in his own profession, his skill may be so great as to leave nothing to be desired, but we should scarcely imagine him equal to killing and cutting up a bul lock, even it" instruc ed" by a brother lawyer. But if the pp.sence in the mar ket of a company with capital and inex perience does not have the effect of raising the price of cattle and making beasts and sheep more difficult to get than ever, the new butchering establishment may be ex pected to lower prices and prove of service to.the public. Even if after a few months the undertakingshould be found not to realize present expectations and its learned leader, Mr. Burt, have the mournful task of conducting its funeral obsequies, stillit will have done good, and if the co-opera tives decline business on their own ac count, they are sure to leave a butcher in their place. In the meantime, every one must.wish them the highest success they could desire-small profits and quick re turns. . IT is one of the duties of the Governor of this Colony to nominate four members of the' Legislative Council. Holding a per fectly independent position and able to look for the men he requires all over the Colony, he should be able to select persons who from their statesmanlike qualities and the interest they have shewn in public affairs may be expected to do credit to his government and be of service to the country. His Excellency has just had an opportumty of appointing two such mem bers; and he has chosen two-Mr. Richard Hardey and Mr. Stephen' Parker--neither of whom have ever done anything as poli ticians to entitle them to'public confidence or to lead to the supposition that they possess any of the requisites of members of a Legislative Council. Of the former nothing whatever is known except that he is one amongst hundreds of respectable young men of a class in which one would never look for a legi.lator; while the latter is only known as a politician who has shewn himself ready to change his opinions on the slightest occasion and who, notwithstanding his facility in adapting himself to circumstamces, has been three times rejected by a constituency in which he is well-known and which, if he really had any such parts as fitted him to be a member of Council, might have been sup posed to be aware of it. Such are the two men whom, in the place of Mr. W. Burges and the late:Mr. Bickley, His Excellency hais selected out of all the settlers in the Colony. 'Truly, he pays the colonists a very poor compliment." No doubt, he may have asked others and asked in vain. It is not every one who regards a seat in the present Legislative Council as a thing to be desired, and there are many who under .?o circumstances would consent to sit as nominee members. We can quite conceive the position of a nominee member who did not in everything coincide with the head of the Executive to be a very unpleasant one. But there are many men in the country who have something to re commend them-men who have taken an active part in politics, or have even been members of Council and very useful ones some of whom would surely have consen ted to give their services to the govern ment-and there are positively scores of men: in every district of the Colony, the equals in social position to the two nomin ated, who would have been a better choice. In short, among the respectable, well-to-do settlers there are scarcely any whose ap pointment .would have been so universally and unhesitatingly condemned as that of the two members just Gazetted. A GREENoi0GRcorrespondent reminds us that while we areseeking to revive the cul tivation of wheat by connecting the pro ducer with the consumer, and enabling the home grower to drive the foreigner out of the market, we- cannot help suffering the natural consequences of inaugurating free trade in corn before the farmer was pre pared for it. This :is but too true. We only hope it may not be worse than our correspondent anticipates. The grass he assumes to be growing -is as yet doing ndthing of the sort. It can. scarcely be said-to be eten sown. The people of Guild ford and York have been for some time past asserting it is seed time--and for that matter there are those, who have been say ing so for the last eight years-but the seed is not yet procured. We have not got the money with which-to make rail ways and.it is quite uncertain whether we shall be allowed to procure it, or indeed whether, looking at the mess in which things have been got, we should be able to procure it, if we had leave to do so. But, if we cannot set the home grower on. his feet, we shall be like the greedy dog of the fable, who, snapping, at the shadow. of the meat which he was catrying over the river, lost both substance and shadow. In order to get the large cheap loaf of South Australia we shall have lost the loaf which we had in our hands,, and may find that the large loaf of our imagination is a thing we cannot grasp, inasmuch as we shall have no money with which to buy it. 