OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From oar own Correspondent.) Adelaide, April 16. The resignation of Mr. West-Eiskine has at length been handed in. VVliy such delay has taken place I can't understand, unless the report that is in circulation is correct. This report is that the resignation was kept back (it Mr. West Erskine's particular request, because he wanted his special friend, Mr. II. K. Hughes (!), to have an opportunity of becoming bis successor-that is if lie could get elected. The writ has been issued and . the nomination fixed for the 1st of May, so that Mr. Hughes, who is on board the in-coming mail steamer, will be here just in time to be nominated, if he so desires. I should hardly think, however, that he will cure to oppose such a personally popular man as Mr. Ramsay. He may have vanity enough for the undertaking, but he won't have the ghost of a chance if he ventures. . The Hon. B. T. Finniss has been appointed Aoting Auditor-General during the absence on leave of Mh Hitchin, the present Auditor-Gene ral. Mr. Finniss has filled the position of Trea surer more than once, and if he is not beyond work I dare say he will make an excellent Auditor. His predilection is figures, and he will have "ample scope and verge enough" to gratify his taste when he enters upon his new duties. I am not sure, however, whether his appointment is not a violation of the Civil Service Act. It may be argued that the fact of his re ceiving a pension entitles him still to rank .is a Civil Servant. If so, I don't suppose any valid objection can be taken to the appointment, par- j ticularly. if Mr. Finniss permanently sacrifices his pension of £350 a year for one year's pay at £800. There is to be a great Ministerial gathering at Wallaroo next week. The people of Edith burg, however, have just had a sort of counter attraction. They did not, it is true, get any members of the Ministry, but they got two of the representatives of the district and a leading light of the Opposition, the two being Messrs. J. J. Duncan and It. D. Eoss, and Mr. E. Ward. All three made great speeches, and as they deal with current events a reference to them cannot be deemed out of place here. Mr. Duncan led off by venturing to question whether Mr. Boucaut was entitled to so much credit for his policy as he wanted to make out. "There was, he said, "another question he would like to say a word or two about, that was the broad and comprehensive policy. Whose was it ? (Mr. Ward-" Hear, hear.") He saw that several were claiming it. He was rather sur prised when the Ministry last session took this policy as their own, and no one else's; or as the newspapers said now, Boucaut's policy. During several past Parliaments a railway to the Murray had been talked of and also a northern line. They had read of these in the newspapers before, and to say they belonged to one man and no one else, was sheer nonsense. Why, the last Government found ready to their hands the voluminous evidence taken by a Commission which had recently sat on the railway question -a Commission appointed by the previous Government, and one which carefully examined the country, and went into the railway commu nication question thoroughly. He himself stood up during the previous Parliament, and advo cated the construction of a railway to the Murray; and to say that this was entirely the suggestion of the last Government was detracting unfavorably from other Governments and other Parliaments. (Hear, hear.) He believed that Mr. Boucaut was the first to move a motion for a large loan, that he could claim that idea as his own, but to claim everything, as had been done, was going a little too far." Then further on the same speaker criticised pretty freely the constitution of the present. Ministry in the following terms :-He meant to say this, however, and he said it unhesitat ingly, and said it at the risk of being considered old-fashioned, conservative, and not progressive enough in these fast days, that the most con sistent thing that Mr. Boucaut could have done would have been to have reformed his Govern ment from his own supporters in the House. (Hear, hear.) But it seemed to him that Mr. Boucaut chose for reasons of expediency not to be so loyal to those gentlemen with whom he had been acting as he ought to have been. While saying that, he would say this of other members of the previous Government-Messrs. Blytli, Mann, and Everard-that he considered they had made themselves very cheap indeed when they consented to play second fiddle to Mr. James Boucaut. (Hear, hear.) What those gentlemen ought to have done, and what he had hoped they would have done when Mr. Boucaut went to them, was to have snapped their fingers at him and asked him to form his Ministry from his own party." Mr. Eoss followed next, and he too veutured to criticise Mr. Boucaut nnd his actions, assert ing in the following language the belief that with all his professions the great lawyer's Govern ment had done less than their predecessors : '' But if they looked at the sober facts of the case, he did not believe they would find any previous twelve months in which there had been less done in the shape of public works than since this great ' broad and comprehensive' policy was initiated. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) How many lines of railway had been constructed un der the Boucaut Administration? Answer echoed 'how many.' Very few as far as he knew. Then turn to telegraphs. The line of telegraph now being constructed to unite this colony with Western Australia was a work which the Boucaut Administration had had nothiug to do with, a work sanctioned under the auspices of a previous Government. The contracts were out and the work was being proceeded with before the last Government as assumed office. The line to Cape Borda was also the work of a former Ministry ; and as far as he knew no line of telegraph was constructed, or was being constructed, with which the Bou caut Administration could connect themselves. In that district they had no roads, but there were natural advantages which might be availed of for the cheap carriage of produce to market; he referred to jetties and so on. (Hear, hear.) They had waited on the Government as deputa tions and had received many promises, but what progress had been made in works which had really been sanctioned by Parliament? (Hear, hear.) Then, with regard to their roads. He had never seen roads in such a lamentable con dition as those he had soeu while out op that day. (Hear, hear.) The country had been treated with promises, large promises of what it should receive, but very little in deed had been done for it. The honor able Premier was a man of words, but lie was not a inau of action. No doubt by skilfully stringing words together he could gain applause and win some adherents, but the mere art of stringing words together was not the way by which this colony could be advanced. Then with regard to the " proposed introduction " of Russians into the Northern Territory, Mr. Eoss, the speaker, with some authority, ex pressed himself as follows :-"It was so utterly impracticable in all its details, that he did not think Mr. Boucaut should have made a point of putting it before the community in the way he did, and more tliau all, that he should have entered into engagements with the Eight Eeverend the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) There was nothing to show that the Bishop was ac credited, or that he was able to carry out his 'engagements. Assuming that he was all that he represented himself to be, and was capable of carrying out all he professed to do, the question was, was it wise or politic to introduce a large European population into the tropical portion of Northern Australia ? . (Hear, hear.) His own feeling-and if they were his dying words lie would utter them-his own solemn conviction was that such a scheme was most im politic and unwise. (Hear, hear.) The climate of the Northern Territory was such as to place a positive bar in the way of a successful intro duction of such a population into that Territory. The world was old enough to show them how the races of men had settled themselves down, and he defied any gentleman to put his finger on the map of the world and show that in a really tropical country-a country as tropical as North Australia-a European population had been able to settle down, live, arid propagate with suecess. (Hear, hear.) The climate, of the Northern Territory was more tropical than that of Mauritius or Jamaica, or even that portion of South America bordering on the Gulf of Mexico, and the experiment of introducing white labor to carry 011 the cultivation of the soil had been attempted in the case of each of j those countries, - only in every instance to turn out. a disastrous failure, so that Mr. Boucaut had not the excuse that he had > not past experience to guide him, (Hear, hear.) The experience of the world was dead against the woustr.ous scheme he had submitted for the settlement of the Territory. He did not wisli to be dogmatic, but he would simply point out that it was impossible, it was against the laws of nature, against physiological laws, that a white-skinned man could live and thrive in a tropical country." j Mr. Ward came last, but he came with all the crushing force of his powerful oratory upon his late leader. "He would say afc once that he was in opposition to the -present Ministry. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He thought the !>re8ent Ministry unworthy of the respect of any lonorable man iu South Australia, _ and he should be prepared to meet them in all up and down and down and up opposition that a man could offer. (Cheers and laughter.) He distinguished between Mr. Boucaut as the head of the present Ministry and as the head of the past Ministry, as he distinguished between the Demon of Darkness and the Angel of Light ;-(laughter and cheers)-and they would have had as muoh right to speak of him some months ago as the Angel of Light as they had that day to term him the Demon of Darkness-(laughter) -that was in every political sense that the illustration could be used." After pointing out the mischievous action some of the present members of the Ministry sought to carry out to the injury of the country, when they were administrators a year or two ago lie con cluded as follows:-"He would ask was it possible for the present members of the Government to be otherwise than suspicious of each other-for the ? present Parliament, to be otherwise thtfn suspicious of them ; and if those two tests failed, whether it was possible for the people to be otherwise than suspicious of them, judging from the experience of the past. (Cheers.) About a huudred years ago a poet who could not be considered a popular man, but who was the pet of the aristocracy, had said :- . . ' Honour and shame from no condition rise : Act well your part; there all the honour lies.' (Cheers.) He asked them as an integral part of this country, who could bring their influence to bear on the representatives of the people, to be lieve that representatives of the people should be judged by their acts, which had been per formed before the public and tested by them for years past. There were in the present House of Assembly a large section of men who did not esteem this mere artificial rank-this mere pre tension to be of the governing classes of a country, but who were determined to do that which, apart from persons, they believed would best advance the interests of the colony (cheers)-and they would be found recording their votes against the present evil combination -against the combination which they ejected from office last year. (Cheers.) Whether he was in future in the position he lately occupied or not, he could assure them that he would not condone the evils he had been condemning; in fact he would be willing to exile himself from public life altogether and to remain there as a settler, never going back to Parliament again, if he thought by doing so he could promote greater honesty of purpose in Parliament. (Cheers.) He trusted we should find in future the same tone and honest representation of the people that Mr. Duncan admitted we had found in the past, and he was sure the people of South Australia would have great reasou to rejoice upon the restoration of the government to the hauds of people more truly entitled and more fully justi fied to wield it than those in whose hands it was at the present time. (Loud cheers.)." 