THE NOVELIST, SOMEBODY'S LUCK. CHAPTER VIII. BY ONE OF HIS CHILDREN. NICHOLAS did not break his heart at the result of his wooing of Fanny Poundwise. To tell the truth, he had been for so long leading a bachelor's life, tint he was not sorry at his refusal. " If all I hear of wedlock is true," he thought, " I would in all probability have been glad enough to get back to my old quarters after a hit; and I don't want that just yet. In some respects there is much better funlooking at it from my point of view—here than there." So to cover his disappointment, and give himself an object in lif » Nicholas went into public life, with the ultimate intention of getting into Parliament, and becoming a member of a ministry. He joined the Liberal Association, the Eclectic Society, several debating clubs, and read the Free Thought papers at the Trades Hall. Some of these were so successful that he was specially invited by the members of the Eclectic Society to read a paper to them ; and he selected the singular subject of " An enquiry into the Personality of the Author of Evil, and the reality of his Physical Residence." Nicholas was a man who always acted on a design ; and his reason for choosing this topic was thoroughly characteristic. Hints had been thrown out about himself. People were beginning to speculate aB to who he was and where he came from. Strange stories had been whispered as to certain curious malformations by his bootmaker, his hatter, and his trousers-maker; and one man said he was like the ghost in Hamlet, <( because he could a tail unfold." He resolved, therefore, to lull suspicion to sleep by denying, in an eloquent and powerfully written argument, the reality of the being with whose name his own was becoming unpleasuatly associated. The society mustered in great force, for it was a matter in which all took a deep interest. Nicholas had a thoroughly sympathetic audience. There was not one of his hearers who did not wish to be convinced by his arguments. The lecturer commenced with a historical review of the reasons for and against believing in the existence of the Person of whom he treated ; and showed that there waB not one authentic case on record of his having been seen on earth. He had been written about a good deal, no doubt, by poets, novelists, and divines; but so had fairies, ghosts, ogres, and other creations of diseased fancies. But putting aside the past altogether and coming to the present, he asked his hearers to use their own plain, common sense in judging as to whether it were possible to believe in this old gentleman. Here is a person whose natural home is about ten thousand degrees hotter than anything upon the Burface of the earth : can you for a moment suppose that he will leave such comfortable quarters, and come up here to experience the bitter cold of our hottest tropical day 1 Besides, what can be more absurd than to imagine that such a being would bother himself abont the future of every Tom, Dick, and Harry over the earth 1 There are about 1,400,000,000 of human beings upon the surface of the earth. Now remember, gentlemen, that each one of this coantless multitude has got his own distinctive individually. He can't be wound up and be sent off on a certain course of evil by the author of it. He must be watched day and night that he won't stray; and even after the most tender shepherding for long years, in the end he may cheat the old gentlemaD by a deathbed repentance. With two or three men I can quite imagine he might be successful. He might even be the means of leading a dozen or twenty men astray; but it's an insult to your understanding, gentlemen, to suppose he could affect all the people in this one city—still less in this country—in this continent—in the world. The amount of time per day that he could devote to each person on the face of the earth would be the ^ I03 part of a second : are any of you so easily inclined to evil, that a 6econd every 44 years —and this calculation doesn't allow the old gentleman any time for travelling—would cause you to stray from the right path ? (Cheers and laughter.) Then again let us look at the physique of this terrible beast—this roaring lion—who goes about continually seeking whom he may devour. I say nothing of his tail, for he has that In common with many animals of a very fierce and savage rature ; but I beg to call your particular attention to his hoofs and horns. I can quite understand a creature with hoofs and horns frightening ignorant people, or women and children into the idea that he could eat them up ; but I suppose there is no use in exposing the fallacy contained in such a monstrous belief to gentlemen of intelligence such as I address- Supposing that he does exist, the very fact of the hoofs and horns is proof positive ihat he belongs to the ruminant order of animals, that he is graminivorous, and that you would be in as much danger of being devoured by him as by the innocent cow or goat that your dairy maid milks with impunity every morning. The lecturer then addressed himself to the question of his Physical Residence, and apologised to his hearers for having to talk seriously on a matter so intrinsically absurd. Even supposing it possible that the future home of the great majority of the human race was as hot as was vulgarly sapposed, did they not all know by the researches and discoveries of modern men of science that life always adapted itself to the condition in which it was compelled to exist 1 He had no wish to encourage people to go to what was popularly called the " bad place ;" but for bis own part he would not hesitate for a moment, if he had to make his choice between it and " the place where the good niggers go." It would be hot no doubt; but so is a Turkish bath or a tropical sun. But it would be a nice dry heat without any moisture in it, and consequently no fear of fever, ague, or any of those diseases that are bred by the sun acting on water. He was himself fully convinced, and he believed Dr. Darwin would bear him out in the statement, that life in the lower regions would be thoroughly enjoyable, when one got properly acclimatised, "You would simply have, gentlemen, to keep as quiet as possible at first, take no exercise, and avoid exciting yourselves, and in a very short time you'd think no more of the heat than you do now of a hot wind. But, however desirable such a future mjgbt be, it is impossible to hide from oneself the fact that it is impossible. There is no mass of matter in the universe vast enough to continue burning for ever. The internal fires of the moon, though once as active as those under our feet are now burned out; and century by century the fires of our planet are waning lower and lower, and it will be but to-morrow, in the history of the universe, when it will be an impossibility to light one's pipe in the whole of the solar system. And yet, gentlemen, in the face of that fact, which* we have upon the authority of the greatest scientific men of the day, we are asked to believe in eternal fires !" (Loud and long continued cheering.) Nicholas had every reason to be satisfied with the^impression made by bis address, to which we regret to say our space does not allow us to do full justice. He concluded by simply moving " That this Society is of opinion that there neither is, can, or ought to be, a Personal D—and that a Physical H—, however desirable, is altogether impossible and unscientific." His resolution was carried without one dissentient voice ; and the Melbourne men who were most laughed at, the following day, were those who had been hinting doubts and throwing suspicions on himself. Nicholas might now walk Collins-street with bare, hoofs, boms peeping through his hat, and tail sagging briskly behind him, and there wouldn't be one bold enough to suspect him. He had caused himself to be disbelieved in. 