NEWS OF THE DAY. To-day will be observed as a general holi day, and if tbe weather is at all favorable the metropolis and its crowd of visitors will be given over to enjoyment of all kinds. Those who make no arrangements for their private gatherings will find by our adver. tising columns that there are plenty cater ing for the means for enjoyment. Tho picnics under the auspices of the various friendly societies seek to attract their thousands. There is qnite a flotilla of steamers going down the Bay, and the V.R.C. Champion meeting will no doubt be well patronised. The evening amusements are numerous. The two pantomimes— Froggee would a Wooing Go nt the Theatre Royal, and Fortunatus at the Opera House — have created such favorable impressions that crowdB are sure to gather there, and as surely they will pass a pleasant hour. At St. George's Hall the Fakir of Oolu will en. tertain his patrons with all kinds of interest ing wonders ; and at the Apollo Hall the Baby Benson Troupe announce a varied programme, comprising singing by well-known artists, dancing, and Japanese balancing tricks. Baby Benson is a phenomenon that should be visited. Last to be mentioned, but by no means least, is the entertainment to be given in the Town Hall by tbe Rev. Charles Clark, prior to his departure on another tour. The programme of songs, recitations and organ solos is published in our advertising columns. The following are the arrangements made for to-day by the Post Office and Telegraph department : — All post and telegraph offices will close ot ten a.m. The first delivery of letters will be tbe only one made, bat mails will be received and despatched as usual. The telegraph offices will be open from Bix p.m. to seven p.m. On Monday the post and telegraph offices will be open, 'and business transacted as usual. An adjourned meeting of gentlemen in favor of Professor Blaekie's endeavor to found a Celtic chair at the Edinburgh University was held in Menzies' Hotel yesterday after noon. Mr. Robert M'Dougal presided. Letters were read from Rev. Win. Matthew, Stawell, and Mr. John Taylor, Kilmore, which stated that steps were also being taken in those districts for the purpose of aiding Professor Blaokie. 'The chairman said there was a notion abroad that the object of the Celtic chair was to promote the use of the Gaelic language amongst the people, but the true object was to give a classical knowledge of it to tbe students of the university, as it threw a clearer light -on other languages. About £10,000 was required to found the chair, and £S00O had already been sub scribed. He read a letter by Professor Blsckie, wbichhnd appeared inaBcotchnews- paper, of which tbe following is a portion : — " What the University council proposed to institute was a Celtic chair, embracing tbe wide range of whatever is non-Teutonic and non-Romanic in the languages, literatures, history and antiquities of the Celtio race all over tbe world. That this is a subject proper to be included in the roll of an acade- mical course of lectures, and apecislly well fitted for tbe atmosphere of Caledonian Edinburgh, no well-informed person can deny ; and I attribute it in no small tosa- sure to the vulgar confusion of the terms G?eli0 that certain persons have withheld their sympathy from a scheme that comes recommended by the strongest consi- derations of intellectual dignity and social Bound- heartedness," On account of the meeting not being so largely attended as was desired, it was postponed until Friday, 14th January, at two o'clock. A vote of thanks was given to the chairman. The name of another old Melboarne firm has disappeared, as the style of Messrs. W. r w hite aod Co. has been changed to that of Messrs. Siddeley and Co. Mr. Siddeley, who for the last ten or twelve years has so ably conducted tbe business of tbe firm, and isnowtheonly surviving partner, has come to toe determination of carrying on the busi ness in bis own name. Messrs. W. P. White ?? „ ,vera tfae oldest shipping firm in Melbourne, and Mr. Siddeley has been iden tified with it from its commencement. Scarlet fever was fatal to 251 persons is the metropolis aod snburbs in the month of November last. The deaths from tbe dj9case during the four months, August to November, both inclusive, were — August, 19 ; September, 60 ; October, 179 ; Novem- ' her, 251 ; total, 509. The deaths from the same cause for the four weeks ending 25,th December show a great decrease again, 'as they were only 155. For the week ending tin 4th the fatalities were 40, 11th, 40; 18th 3S ; and 25th, 37. At a meeting of the Victorian Protectios League held last night, it was resolved t, communicate with the branch league throughout the country, urging upon tbem to take immediate action to support th- Opposition in the House, and advising the preparation and presentation of petitions to the Assembly, begging it to demand a dis solution. It was also decided to hold a meeting of delegate! from tbe suburban branches, to confer with the central league upon what action should be nowtaken, on Tuesday evening next, until which time the meeting adjourned. From the Victorian Independent we learn that the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., of Richmond, baa been invited to take tbe pastorate of the Stow Memorial Church, Adelaide. The Customs authorities have succeeded in securing a quantity of grossly indecent articles. The parties who imported these to the colony are known, and it is intended to prosecute them at the police court. The Labor Bureau closed yesterday. The members of committee who for the post fortnight have attended to the business were Messrs. Moody and Greig, the chairman, Mr. J. T. Harcourt, having sent in his resignation to the Government on the 14th December. The books, furniture, &c.;, and balance at the bank will be handed over to the Govern ment aa soon as possible after the holidays. So far as the branch of the late Bureau for hiring domestic servants is concerned, Mrs. Downie, tho late matron, will continue ita operation in tho same building. The large organ built by Mr. Fin chain, of Richmond, for St. Matthew's Church of England, Albury, is nearly finished, and will be opened in the church on the Sth inst. The organ contains 26 draw stops, distributed over two manuals — great and swell organs — ten on each manual, three on the pedals, and three couplers. Tbe com pass is from CC to G in alt, pedals CCC to E. The construction of the organ is admi rable ; the mechanism moves freely in ample space. The tone of the instrument is very pure yet brilliant in character,. Spotted metal has been used throughout, which certainly contributes to beauty of tone. Tbe clarabella in the great organ is very mellow and round. The dulciana is an ex quisite stop, sounding like the echo of a dis tant organ ; the reeds are bold and effective, and the pedals weighty and majestic. Alto gether tlie organ is a very fine instrument, not excelled for quality by any in the colony. It is exclusively a colonial production. The organ contains . 1419 pipes; The case is Gothic in design, having two fronts, one facing the chancel, tbe other the body of the church. The front pipes are illuminated. The cost is about £700. While speaking of Mr. Finoham's work, it may be interesting to state that he has every appliance in the way of steam-power and machinery, inoluding a band-saw, the largest in tbe colony. All organs contain a great deal of timber which can be readily sawn np by this machine into tbe required sizes, thus saving an immense deal of heavy manual labor and time. A 10 horse-power steam-engine supplies the motive power for the band-saw, lathe3 and other machinery. A gentleman who has just returned from the Western district states that the crops and the country from Colao to Port Fairy bear a most encouraging, appearance. The feed everywhere ie luxuriant and abundant, and the crops are borne down by thoir weight. Thoro is danger that if the rain continues some of the richest crops will be thrown down. Excepting this contingency tbe appoaranoe of the country could not be better. In oonneotion with the disputed pedigree of the hon. Neil Black's bull Montebello, tin Camperdotcn Chronicle announces that satis factory explanations have been received by telegram, whioh will be submitted to .buyer." on the day of sale, Tuesday, the 4th inst. Foi the convenience of buyers, it is stated that the cattle have been dally handled for same time past. At the last meeting of the Rutherglea sliire council, the conduct of Mr. Cobham, tho stock inspector for the district, was an imadverted upon with reference to a recent outbreak of plcuro. A bullock said to have been travelling in a team was pronounced diseased by the inspector, who afterwards turned the animal out, when it joined the town herd. The inspector then communi cated with tbe authorities in Melbourne, nnd in the interim Senior-constable Gribbin drove the bullock away from the healthy cattle, so as to prevent infection. For thia Mr. Cobham has reported tho constable ; and the Oceim and Murray Advertiser thinks there is something amiss in an act which does not empower instant isolution or de struction of diseased cattle withont all this red-tapism. The boilers of the Pharos have recently been thoroughly repaired, and they were lowered into her hold yesterday by the new 50-ton crane. They weigh from 17 to 20 tons each. The Pharos will go down the river to-day to Williamstown to have her decks put in, and effect some repairs. She will then be fit for any service. Captain W. G. Murrow, formerly master of the ship Oakworth, which arrived here from Liverpool a few weeks ago, died at Williamstown on Friday morning. The ship left the harbor a few days ago, but Captain Murrow was too ill to go with hor, and was left at Williamstown. The flags on the ships at tho piers were at half-man yesterday, in respect to the deceased. A meeting was held last night, at eleven o'clock, in St. Luke's Church, Fitzroy, for the purpose of seeing tbe old year out, and welcoming tbe new with religious exer cises. The Rev. Canon Chase, and the lay reader conducted the service, and the Rev. J. Hayhow gave an ad dress on the Barren Fig Tree. The few minutes before and after midnight were devoted to silent prayer. The meeting was then brought to a close, aud the congrega tion separated wishing each other the usual compliments of the season. A large watch- meeting was held last night. m tbe Wesley Church, Lonsdale-street. About 500 persons were present. The Rev. Mr. Millard delivered an appro priate sermon for the occasion, from tbe text, " Time is short." The congregation passed the few minutes befora and after midnight in silent prayer. On Thursday night a son of Dr. Knags was assaulted and robbed in a most ruffianly manner in King-street, by three men. De tective O'Callaghan .saw him chasing one of his assailants, and, joining in the pursuit, succeeded, after great difficulty, in arresting him. The man, whose name is William Edwards, was brought before the City Conrt yesterday and remanded. Last night O'Cal laghan succeeded in arresting another of the trio, named John Sykes, and ho will be brought before the Mayor to-day, and formally remanded. At the City Police Court yesterday, a laborer named' Daniel Sheahanwaa changed with stealing £8 10s. from a very old lady named Bridget Delany. On the 20th ult. the prisoner was at the house of prosecutrix in Lygon-street, Carlton, and saw her place the money in a box. He then wanted her to go for some beer, and on her return with it drank some, and then left in a very excited manner. Directly he had gone Mrs. Delany missed the money from the box. The prisoner was seen to get into an omnibus going towards Melbourne, and information was given to the police. Senior-constable O'Msara and Constable Hayes subsequent!/ Treated him at Brunswick. The evjenr was very conclusive, and at its termination tlio prisoner pleaded guilty. The beucli sen- traced him to nine months' imprisonment, with hard labor. The bench complimented O'Mcara and Hayes upon the manner in which they had got up the case, and Chief- inspector Ryoll iutiiuntcd that he would sco that their worships' remarks reached the proper quartor. The. people of Northcote complain of the position of the local police station, which is situated at the extreme end of the district, and nearly a mile from the banks, the post office and the principal places of business. At Stcwartown, on Monday, the 27th ult., Patrick Kelly, a boy about 12 years old, lost his life in the Sheepwosh Creek. The body was recovered in about a (quarter of an hour after the occurrence. . At the City Police Court yesterday, a man named Patrick Egan was charged with setting fire to a house in Cardigan-street. The prisoner, who was drunk, went into the hdiiBo, which was formerly occupied by a friend of bis, lay down npon the sofa, lit bis pipe, and threw the ignited match on the floor. The wooden partition caught fire, hut was quickly extinguished. As it did hot appear that the prisoner wilfully set lire to the promises, tho bench fined him Gs., with 40s. costs. The practice of using knives and other dangerous weapons is assuming a serious aspect, cases occurring frequently of low women and larrikins stabbing persons with whom they may have had a slight diflerence. At the City Police Court yesterday, a coarse muscular woman of the lowest character, named Helena Middleton, was charged with stubbing a laboring man named Robert Edwards in ihe right fore arm. The pro aecutor was staying with the prisoner in a houso in Stephen-street, when a quarrel arising about money matters, he got up and went out. The woman followed and stabbed him on the arm, inflicting a wound two inches and a half deep, and three-quarters of an inch long. He lost a great quantity of blood, and has been in a very precarious state since. The prisonor, who reserved her defence, was oommitted for trial. Tho half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society was held last Wednesday evening, in St. Patrick's Hall, Bourkcstreet west. Tho new president, Mr. I>. Fitzpatrick, was formally inducted into the chair by Mr. Joseph Ryan, the re tiring president of tho society. The secre tary's and treasurer's reports were then read and unanimously adopted, after which the oflicers and committee for the next half-year were elected. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring president, Mr. Joseph Ryan, who was highly complimented upon the able manner in whioh he had discharged the onerous duties of that office, and also -to Mr. Thomas Walton (secretary), Mr, A. C'avcu (treaoarer) and Mr. Turner (warden), after which the meeting adjourned. Our Preston correspondent writes Lar- rik'uism is becoming an intolerable nuisance at Preston. Tho members of the fraternity take possession of the footpaths at the street ornera, and insult every person who hap pens to pass, particularly if it should be a faninlo. The Preston larrikius, for tho most part, are the sons of " respectable parents," and on that aecouut, porhaps, are treated with more leniency than is de sirable. Constable Robinson summoned a number of tho leaders for insulting be- havior on tho Sabbath day. Tho charge was proved clearly enough, but the bench let the offenders off with a caution. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser states that "considerable inconvenience was caused the inhabitants of Beochwortli one day last week by the water supply having been cut off i and the auddeH stoppage caused con siderable alarm. Some men were sent up to the clear water reservoir and filtering beds. On rcaohing the clear water reservoir they found it empty, and the filtering beds in the same conditiou, and here the cause of the stoppage was at once apparent, as some evil- disposed individual, not being able to screw down the iron gate by which tho water is ndinittedintothebed, had broken offthotop and then sbnt the water off. This, although it must have been done nearly a week ago, as fho reservoir is calculated to hold n week's supply, ;could not well be ascertained in the town until the supply was exhausted, and tho only remedy available was at once had recourse to, by at once refilling the filter beds. This mischievous attempt to injure or stop the works seems to be only part of a system, the race being constantly interfered with, both from simple malice and by persons who steal the water at night for mining purposes. " Detective Alexander, accompnniedby three constables, made a raid on the Sandhurst Chinese Camp gambling houses yesterday afternoon. In one place they found six Chinese playing fun-tan, and succeeded in capturing five of them, including the croupier and the banker. There was great excite ment at tho camp, and the cab containing the prisoners was followed by an eager crowd of Chinamen. The five prisoners were bailed out by some of their own coun- trymen in two sureties each of £20. A short time ago it was mentioned by the Madras Mail that " Quadruplex Tele graphy," that is the art of sending four mas sages, two in each direction, simultaneously by means of one wire, has been accomplished on the Madrns railway telegraph. The sys tem which Mr. Winter, the telegraph en. gineer, invented in March proved perfectly successful on SO miles of lino, and its extcu- sion to line9 of greater length is simply a question of additional condensers and bat tery power. The principle of sending two messages simultaneously in the same direc tion, on which this quadruple system de pends, was successfully worked between Salem and Madras on 10th April, but unfor tunately other duties prevented Mr. Winter carrying out the duplexing of this principle until recently. His exertions have now been crowned with success. A telegram in the Sydney. Echo states that on Monday last tho foundation-stoue of the Protestant Hall, Newcastle, was laid. A procession, consisting of Orange, Protestant Alliance, and friendly societies, and others, numbering GOO or 000, headed by the artillery band and flying banners, marehed through the city to the ground. The pro cession was stopped by the police until an Orange banner and a banner with a repre sentation of King William the Third were furled. It was then allowed to proceed. Orange sashes and emblems were numerous. The Rev. John Dixon laid the stone of the new hall, and delivered on address condemna tory of the late sermons of the Coadjutor Archbishop, Dr. Vaughan. | Later in the day a fight occurred between the Orangemen and the Roman CatholiCB, and the police intor- fered. The Pleasant Creek News writes : — " A most unwarrantable outrage was perpetrated about ten o'clock on Tuesday evening, near the spot to which the rails from Ararat are laid. The tools used by tho platelayers are placed in a large chest at night, and locked up. Some evil-disposed persons pileda quan tity of dry wood around the box at the time mentioned, and set fire to it, totally destroy ing it and, -the usefulness of its contents. The loss in money value amountB to between £40 and £50, but it will cause two or three days' delay in the railway works. The contractors offer a reward of £10 for the discovery of the (uilty parties." The Fakir of Oolu's entertainment was well patronised last night. The ghost illu sions are capital, and were highly appre ciated by the audience. The band, under Signor Gagliardi, played an excellent pro gramme of music during the even ing. The series of chromographic illustra tions are pleasing and graphic. The new fountain, recently made to the order of. Dr. Sylvester, produces a great variety of beau tiful designs. The performance was con. eluded by the production of the spectral pantomime. There will be a matinee at. two p.m. to-day, and the usual performance this evening. The Opera House pantomime was enjoyed by a crowded bouse last uigbt. The shafts referring to local matters sometimea failed to hit their mark, chiefly because the words wore hot spoken with sufficient clear ness. This defect has been noticed since Poking night. The pleasant music, the brilliant dresses, the well, limned scenery and the capabilities of the ladies and gentle men cast for their different parts will ensure for Fortunatus a long run. There was a large attendance at the Theatre Royal last night. The performance of the pantomime was a very diverting one. The beauty of the scenery, which is viewed at a great advantage on the fine stage of the Royal, delighted everybody. The perform- ance will, of course, be repeated to-night, and a throng of visitors may be expected. The Baby Benson entertainment was well attended last night. The musical programme provided by Mr. Edward Farley, Mr. Beau- mont Read, and Miss Pitts was highly appre- ciated. Mr. Beaumont Read sang Byron's Maid of Athens with telling expression, and was encored. He then sang in response, Touch the Harp Gently, my Pretty Louise. felicitous and impressive tones, was encored, and sang in response The Village Black- smith. The Free Gardenors hold their gala to-day on St. Andrew's ground. Emerald-hill. Tho procession, with the emblems of the order re presentative of tho Garden of Eden, will leave the Royal Saxon Hotel, Elizabeth- street, at eleven o'clock, proceeding toBourke- street, along Swanston-strcet, and crossing Prince's-bridgo, follow the Siindridge-voad to Clarendon-street, tlieuce to the grouuds. Handicaps of the principal races are pub lished in nnother column. Entries for several events may bo made on the ground. Special religious services, at which short addresses will be delivered by various ministers and laymen, will bo held in the Gospel Hall every evening next week, at half-past seven. In yesterday's repurt of the sale of allotments on the Australian Wharf, the purchasers of some should be Messrs. R. Knight and Co. in stead of Mr. W. B, Joses. The Protestant Alliance gain takes place in the Friendly Societies' Gardens to-day. A largo at tendance is expocted, as all tho tickets have been sold. The greatest attraction will be the won derful performances of the Japanese. The pro cession will start from the Protestant Hall at eleven a.m., proceeding through the principal streets to tlio gardens. The general meeting of tho Collingwood branch of St. Patrick's Society was held on Wednesday ovening last, in the branch room, Smith-street ; the president in tho chair. In addition to the ordinary business, tho nomination of officers for the ensuing year, and the election of sick visitors for the quarter, took placo. Messrs. Moore and M. J. Cody were elected auditors. One new member was admitted. Wo have to acknowledge receipt of tho follow ing publications : — Vol. III. of Results of Obser vations in Meteorology and Terrestrial Magnetism, taken at the Melbourne Observatory and at various localities in Victoria, under tho superin tendence ot tlio Government Astronomer. Punch's Almanac, for 1876, tho second edition : the iVarrnambool Standurd Almanac for 18(0; Sauds and M'Dougall's Red Lettor _ Quarterly Diary, January to March, and their Monthly Diary for January, 1876; Forgusson and Mitchell'3 Monthly Diary, 1876 ; Bradsbaw'o Railway Guide tor January. 