TALES AND SKETCHES. EYE-BRIGHT. (From, the Argosy.) " You see, Eye-bright, the Olivers are not going to ask you to their pic-nic to morrow. It is not likely an invitation will come now. I greatly wonder at their behaviour, but, my dear, it is only what I have been expecting to happen a long time." And Miss Belinda Elton—who was busying herself while she spoke in prepa rations for tea, within the little parlour of the Lock Cottage—frowned her bushy eyebrows, and felt that her feelings had been so wounded that, to ease her own mind of what was on it, she must have a spar at her niece's gentle, quiescent ac ceptance of the matter. She was an elderly lady with strongly marked, almost masculine features, sharp, restless grey eyes that were never still except when closed in sleep or bent upon her needle. She was also the possessor of a quick, proud temper—under the least infringement of the etiquette or respect she had been accustomed to claim and re ceive from her equals or inferiors. From the day that Eye-bright had told her the Olivers were organising a pic-nic to Way land Smith's Cave (a place made interest ing by Sir Walter Scott in his romance of Kenilworth, and situated among the Berk shire downs), she had made up her mind that her dear little niece, whom she loved almost selfishly, and for whose happiness she was very zealous, would be invited. The Olivers had always been so studi ously polite, and seemingly anxious to re concile her to her present habitation, that not a doubt of their sincerity had crossed her mind, and with active pleasure she had set to work and prepared a pretty muslin for Eye- bright to wear on the aus picious occasion. But Miss Belinda was sadly doomed to be disappointed. Every evening when Eye- bright came home from the Manor (a pleasant walk across the fields, where her duties called her as a daily governess to the younger members of Squire Oliver's family), her first words, almost of charm ing anxiety, were " Well, my love, have you been invited ?" And Eye-bright would answer nonchalantly, " No, Aunt Linda, I have not." To-day the ques tion had been put and answered for the last time, and Miss Belinda's recent com ment on it remains the appendix to us. Miss Belinda had so buoyed herself up with hope that her impatience had led her, before Eye-bright's return, to spend some time in watching and loitering at the window and door : a fidgety expecta tion, which had further induced her iu the blazing 'heat of a July day to step across the lock and stand on the grassy slope that descended to the towpath. There, shading her eyes with her hand, she scanned the marsh and the banks of the canal to see if anyone was coming who looked like a special messenger ; sweeping down, with energetic little flounces of her bombazine dress, the scarlet poppies and clustering bed of bird's-foot trefoil that brightened the short dry grass. She was at length obliged to return to household duties that for once failed in curbing her exasperated feelings : feelings which had been rather more sensitively sharpened since the reverse of fortune had placed them in their present position. Wednesday was a half-holiday for Eye bright, and she had come in with a song upon her lips and a happy light in her eyes. To escape Miss Belinda's murmurs she had thrown aside her hat and jacket and sauntered out—so contriving her flit ting that her aunt could not exactly ac cuse her of a disrespectful attention to what she was about to say. That say she was determined to have. While pouring out the tea, and glancing up and down at her niece outside, Bhe gave so novel a version of it, that it aroused Eye-bright's interest. " The whole fact of the matter is this, my dear. They have grown jealous of you ever since my dear Sir Constable Beard came down here, and they found that he had known your dear papa so well, and us in our days of prosperity. Their love and friendship for you has been gradually cooling; I have marked it, known it, child, although you have never said a word. It is only human na ture, my dear. Yet I thought Mrs. Oli ver was a woman superior to the petty trifles of earth. Your eccentric notion of burying yourself in this poor cottage to please these people has been an injudi cious step, and I deeply regret that I have sanctioned it so long by my presence. The damp of it is killing me ; the isola tion from neighbours is an open invitation to tramps and assassins to come across and rob and murder us. I do not intend to be snowed-up and ice-bound here an other winter, my dear. I am going, and I shall take you with me. This romantic foolery must end, Eye-bright. Do you hear me 1" concluded Miss Belinda, raising her voice into a comically high key. Eye-bright had heard every word of the loudly-delivered discourse. Its sharp logi cal facts disturbed her while she stood dreaming in the chequered afternoon sun light, on the terrace that ran before the Lock Cottage; leaning on the wall that was banded and crusted with lichen, and watching in the hollow basin the clear, flashing water-drops forcing through the floodgates, and turning down over the slippery stones in a mimic cascade. Some thing had " sweetly crept into the study of her imagination," and inclined the dimples to sink into the shy depths of her cheeks when Miss Belinda began, but they disappeared when she discovered that all this time she had been martyring the old lady. Now that the brooding truth was out, she must dispassionately consider the subject, and not allow the impetuosity of offended pride to hurry them away into doing anything "foolish;" by which she meant a resignation of her situation, and an exit from the Lock Cot tage. On no account would she suffer Miss Belinda's health to be injured by a residence there, if it really affected her; but beyond the colds that most people oc casionally suffer from, she had looked upon Miss Belinda's health as robust. After all, was it a romantic foolery, as Minn Belinda strongly worded it, for her to live and work as she was doing for people who bad discovered themselves to be time servers ? They had taken a great fancy to her ; her solid accomplishments pleased them and a charitable motive had actuated them to be kinder and more familiar than per haps they might have been, had Mr. Oli ver not been acquainted with her father, who had been the respected and well-con nected vicar of a Surrey parish. The sa lary she received was liberal, and the situation had exactly suited her because it was in the country, and was that of a daily governess. Until now they had been very happy and comfortable, al though the place might be a little lonely. But what of that? When the Mayflies rose and the fishing season began, when the yellow of the butter-cup and celandine was emptied out over the marsh-meadows, and the cuckoo's sweet voice came over hill and dale, and the wild coses blew their foam-tinted petals over the hedges, and the forget-me-nots sprang up from muddy depths, there was life and activity all round them. So, after all, she could not see that there had been anything so very eccentric or romantic in what she had done. The consideration of " ways and means" had been most fortunately sought and provided for in a far from disagreeable manner; and she did not consider herself obliged to see, and re sent, the sudden whim that had pos sessed the Olivers, although she might wonder at it. But Miss Belinda's shrewdness, hitting straight home to the mark, had rightly discovered that the inconstant change had arisen through no other source than Sir Constable Beard. He had come down to Holmby for the trout fishing, which caused the little town to be quite cele brated, and had immediately renewed his acquaintance with the Eltons, in whose former parish his home was situated. It was the most natural thing that it should be so, for Miss Belinda had always been a favourite friend of his, and Eye-bright liis little pet ever since the time he had nursed her on his knee. The Manor peo ple became assiduous in their attentions to the bachelor baronet, and as often as they could secure him he dined with them, and joined them at croquet. Several boating pic-nics had taken place, which landed Mrs. Oliyer and the girls in some reedy cove, where the angler was trapped on board to lunch, and constrained to idle away his time with Helen and Mabel, the two elder, and certainly beautiful daughters; but Eye-bright was never with them as she had been, neither did she then care to be. Yet her sweet, lovely face was often shaded by thoughtful pre occupation, that deepened strangely into a sad wistfulness, a wistfulness which had not the slightest reference to Sir Constable. Be it known that "Eye-bright" was the pet name of Mary Elton, and it ex actly suited her. The large, mobile, hazel eyes were bright and beautiful, clear and soft. When she was very happy they sparkled and laughed in companionship with her sweet, dimpled mouth, a pretty little nose, clear white complexion, and brown hair, that from its wavy thickness shot rich burnished tints. This, com bined with her soft playful manner and cultivated mind, made her a lovely little creature, a charming companion. Her amiable disposition was allied to that energy of character and simple common sense that kept her busy and cheerful in her present occupation. The elasticity of her spirits had risen up at Miss Belinda's grievances, and she replied gaily— " Oh, Aunt Linda, don't go on so ! If I don't fret, why do you 1 You mustn't be cross with everything, because one pet scheme has miscarried. I assure you a holiday at home with you will be delight ful. You have that charming book to finish reading to me, and in the evening we will go into Holmby and shop. Come now, Ami tie dear, revoke your regrets, and don't think of moving from here— for the present, at least. Indeed, 1 can't go; I should not be happy anywhere else." She turned round and faced the white washed cottage that was partly covered by the straggling boughs of an apple tree, whose leaves tumbled over the walls and flapped against the glass windows. The droning of insects and the purring of her large tabby cat, that sat upon the wall winking idly at shoals of files as they passed, broke the silence of the hour. Her slight, graceful figure, standing be side a cluster of white lilies, whose cool alabaster bells sent forth a sweet heavy perfume, contrasted with her morning dress, and formed a pretty picture. Her lovely face, flushed with the unwonted eagerness of her thoughts, somewhat soft ened Miss Belinda's asperity, for she had moved over to the window to catch Eye-bright's reply, and stood considering the smiling face and brilliant eyes. " You are the strangest girl I ever knew, Eye-bright. To allow those people to monopolise Sir Constable and ignore us ! Have you seen him to-day ?" " No, Aunt," Eye-bright replied, in a very casual tone. " I think he went with the Olivers to Dane's Court to call after the late party there." " Hum 3 1 suppose so. He really, I believe, admires Mabel Oliver. There will be a mateli there," Miss Belinda said, grimly smiling. " It would be a good thing for Mabel— and for him. I sincerely hope it may be, Aunt." And Eye-bright laid a small ca ressing hand upon her cat, while she knocked down Miss Belinda's little castle in the air. " Sir Constable is a dear fellow in his way, but I could never have fallen in love with him. He has not 6nough character for me -he is too effemi nate. Mabel's childish flippancy is just the very thing he most admires. We are capital friends, nothing mere. But, my dear Aunt Linda, I can't think what put that idea into your head and Mrs. Oliver's. It is perfectly ridiculous." " If my idea has not been correct, my dear, I presume that your young and ten der feelings have not sustained any afflic tion by seeing him transfer his attentions to another woman. I think you had bet ter come in to tea." Eye-bright obeyed the summons, and seated herself at the dainty tea-table with her back to the window, while she laugh ingly said, " Now, dear Auntie, that you know I am not heart-broken about Sir Constable, you must forgive the Olivers this absurd jealousy, and make up your cheerful old mind to stay here as long as ever we can." " But, my dear, it grieves me to see you tramping through all weathers over to the Manor. We had much better go to London and purchase a day-school. I could get the money, child, if you will but agree." a Miss Belinda spoke with grave delibera tion, still reluctant to recall the hasty words she had spoken in her pique. " I don't know, Auntie, that it would be a good step," Eye-bright replied, after a thoughtful pause. " We have no rent to pay here, and our expenses are trifling compared with what they would be else where. I think though, dear, you need a change. You have been two years here with me, and I have been dread fully selfish; but my holiday will soon begin now, aud we can go anywhere you like for two months. I should enjoy it so much. Shall we go, Aunt Linda? and where 1" The suggestion, meeting with Miss Be linda's ready approval, was fruitful of ^^SCU8Si°n '• and under the delightful prospect of a change nearer to the great world on whose edge Miss Be linda thought herself stranded, her good temper re-aBserted itself over her late an noyance. After tea Miss Belinda retired upstairs "" comfortable bedroom, to indulge in a little epistolary correspondence. Eye bright moved her low chair over to the ! window, where she sat in the shade east : by the apple boughs, for some time busily j employed in correcting exercises. But by-and-by she raised her head, because a thought would creep in and distract her attention, and she had to give way to it before she could Tecoiisider moods and tenses. The happy light in her eye, that had deluded Miss Belinda, appeared again, while her mouth smiled so bashfully that she was almost afraid to realise what it meant. As she sat, she was not screened from the observation of a gentleman who had been for some time approaching the cot tage by the towpath. His dark, distin guished-looking face grew warm, and his eyes softened tenderly, as he watched her bowed head and fair, pre-occupied face. He was very tall, and slightly bent in his broad shoulders, and was decidedly a no ble, strong, handsome man—one whom a woman might fearlessly trust. He cau tiously crossed the lock, and with a spring reached the window, where his big sha dow fell upon Eye- briglit's sheets^ of paper. With a nervous start she raised her head, and as she saw him standing there, a sweet, sudden, womanly confu sion almost overponrered her, and crim soned her cheeks, while she strove to say, " Mr. Oliver, is it you ?" " Don't fancy it is my ghost, Miss EL ton, for of course it isn't. How nervous you seem to have grown. See how those papers are tumbling out of your hands. Have I frightened you so very much ?" he added, in a rich, pleasant voice, that, in its dear old familiar fun, restored Eye bright's senses. " Oh, no !" she replied, rising from her seat, while her heart throbbed almost to suffocation. " It is only the pleasant sur- j prise of seeing you again. We did not ; expect you till to-morrow." j " I know it; but my impatience con quered my arrangements. I have come twenty- four hours sooner, to receive, I hope, a cordial welcome from you." He spoke with a little imperious smile, and a tender cadence that kindled up her wits. With gentle grace she extended her small white hand, which he grasped and held in a firm, affectionate clasp, that thrilled her exquisitely, while he scrutin ised her drooping eyelids and pink cheeks, remarking that the little hand still felt nervous, even in his. " You look very well, Miss Elton, bet ter than when I went away. I assure you your pale cheeks and brilliant eyeshaunted me for weeks. I hope you have relaxed something of your severe discipline with those little ignoramuses; it wasn't good for you." " It was good for me to be thoroughly interested in my work; it did me no harm," she replied, feeling almost be witched by his kind voice ; thinking how that going away had blanched her cheek and made her eyes feverish with regret; how in silence she had lived, clinging to the hope of his return. " You are quite as opinionated as ever, I see, using that gentle tyranny that sub jugates all your pupils ; remember, I am one of them. I hope you have not for gotten those happy hours last winter when I was laid up, and you used to cheer my weariness by reading and singing to me ?" he said softly. " No, I have not forgotten it; X was very glad to be able to amuse you ; any thing I could do for you eased the burden on my conscience. Are you quite well now ?" she asked, with more than common interest. "You must look and judge for yourself, Eye-bright. You have grown strangely shy and fearful of me. Come, show me again those eyes whose bright light has shone over the darkness of my life." Eye-bright felt so foolishly happy that a sweet little laugh responded to his words; and overcoming her timidity, she gratified him by a modest little study. " Well, and what do you think of me now," he said, laughing, and pressing her hand. Her dimples began to play. " X think you look veiy much tanned by your Southern residence, Mr. Oliver. Did you go to the Alhambra 1" "Yes, and selfishly sighed for your companionship there. We should have enjoyed the Moorish remains much bet ter together, I am sure." His dark eyes lit up wonderfully with the sincerity of his wish. Eye-bright playfully thanked him, and aBked him to come in. " That is a hint that yon want your hand back, I suppose," he laughed. "That tender, skilful little hand that looked after my broken collar-bone when I was thrown. I wish you would give it to me, Eye-bright; I should take better cave of it than you—see how you have inked it!" and Mr. Oliver playfully pointed to the black stains where her pen had rested. " I have come home post haste to ask you that favour. Don't wrench at it so, you won't get it; you would only cover up your face, and I must see a great deal of that dear face." Covered with blushes and the sudden emotion caused by bis words, it was never more lovely and fascinating, and with a sparkling eye she said, "Do you know somebody else might be in here ?" " Eye-bright, don't try to deceive me. I've been peeping into the room all this time. You are just like a ripple—you try to hide yourself, and fail; you must flash out sometimes. But how is your ■ aunt 1" " She is quite well, and upstairs. I j will call her; she will be pleased to see you—if you would only give me my hand," Eye-bright pleaded. " Don't disturb her now on any ac count ; I forbid it. Abandon those wretched papers, and come out; the sunset is glorious. On that condition I will lend you. your hand. Do you agreef " So it came to pass that presently Bhe was by his side on the terrace. Then they crossed the lock and went down on the bank of the canal, where they walked in close and blissful delight, such as mortals have been permitted to enjoy on earth. Philip Oliver was the younger brother of Squire Oliver of tha Manor, and he had formed an attachment for Eye-bright ever since he had known her; an attachment that appeared to have been perfectly mu tual, though undeclared till now. He did not live at the Manor. His own " Home Farm," as he styled his property, was about three miles away from the Manor, but much of his time was spent in his brother's cheerful house, and there he had met Eye-bright. Her beauty and worth bad interested him, and desperately in love did he fall with her, with little or no encouragement from her—so that the cur rent ran swift and deep, and yet unob served An accidental fall from his hun ter had occurred, through Eye-bright's suddenly springing off a stile one day just as he was passing on his way to the meet, and frightening the animal, throwing him so violently that he had broken his collar bone almost at her very feet. The agony • of the moment had been terrible to her. She gently cradled his head upon her lap i till his groom galloped to Holmby for a surgeon, then to the Manor for assistance to convey him there, where for some time he was kept and petted as a loved invalid, and where Eye-bright's services were made useful in amusing " Uncle Philip," and staying with him when Mrs. Oliver and her elder daughters were going out. Kind Sirs. Oliver I Purblind to any suspicion of Philip's doing anything so foolish as falling in love, she completely trusted these two people, whose friend ship developed itself in the delightful communion of two hearts formed for each other. Little did she think, when she slighted Eye-bright on account of Sir Constable, that a stranger mischief had been worked. "I wonder what notice my sister-in law requires, Eye-bright, in resigning your situation ?" he asked, bending down his laughing eyes upon her, and reclaim ing the hand, which he drew through his arm. Startling her again to the inevit able, aud causing her to consider dili gently the glorious sunset that was paving the water with slabs of ruby and amethyst, under which the light-green water-grasses floated and sank among blue shadows. The waving sheaths of the flags, stirred by the wind, rustled crisply, and about their dark green-roots were pillows of white and rosy clouds tempting her to look, if Mr. Oliver would only have given her time. But- he would not; he pre ferred to see the glow on her own sweet face, and he teased her till she replied, almost breathlessly, ei I don't know." " Immediate notice ought to be ac cepted ; but it won't, I suppose. I shall manage it for you, my darling, never fear. Only tell me that I have not been too presumptuous—that I have not been idly dreaming." Soft as the passing wind came the whisper: " I don't think you have been idly dreaming, Philip." Almost reverently he kissed her modest lips, as he said, with heart at rest, " We had better go back, then, and tell Miss Belinda all about it." i 