INTERCOLONIAL. SYDNEY From our own correspondent. August 7 MR PARKES HAS SUCCEEDED IN MAKING ANOTHER SPLASH—SAVED FROM UTTER STAG- NATION - MY LEADING FRIEND IN EUROPE— PARKES MUST THINK WE ARE SILLY - "THE SOLEMN DIGNITY OF THE SACRED INSTITUTION OF PARLIAMENT"—A FAMOUS SCENE—ONE PAIR OF SPECTACLES FOR HIS FRIENDS, ANOTHER FOR HIS ENEMIES—HENRY PARKES AND CO.—"AGIN HIS OWN PLACE" —VIDE PRAED—COAL MINERS AND THEIR EARNINGS —NOT ALL BEER AND SKITTLES —THE " STOCKWHIP" WHIPPED—A LETTER FROM " ONE OF THE LEADING MEN OF EUROPE - A 'COMPREHENSIVE SCHEME—— OUT HARD- WORKED ASSEMBLY. Mb. Parkes has succeeded in making another splash in the colony. He must be credited with having thrown a pleasant dash of freshness and excitement into the political life of the week. The politics of Sydney were suffering a reaction of dullness after the agita- tion with which the "upstanding light" on Mr. Fitzpatrick's motion of censure culminated. The calm after the storm was nearly as bad as the storm. No Houses, thin Houses, early counts-out, angry and despicable personalities, small business and not much of that, general bad temper: these have been the salient features of Parliamentary life here for the last two or three weeks. The business of the country has been pretty much at a standstill, though the Parliament is still in session. But Mr. Parkes has saved us from utter stagnation. Having been displaced in the recent debate by Mr. Fitzpatrick, he has pleased himself by making a political tour in the Hunter district, and addressing himself to the country. The incident which led to this movement was the fact of his having been invited to lay the foundation stone of a public school at Murrundi. Honours of that sort almost invariably fall to the lot of Sir Alfred Stephen, and other members of the Council of Education, in these degenerate days; for the people at large have lost most of their confidence in Mr Parkes as a champion of public primary education. During the fierce educational agitation of the last two years, Mr. Parkes has talked and acted so indefinitely that people have wondered what has become of the Mr. Parkes of I866. He tried to sit be- tween the two stools of the League and the Defence Association, with the result of illus- trating the old homely proverb by coming to the ground. And yet so vivid and stirring are men's memories of his championship. in 1866 that thousands eagerly scan every educational deliverance he makes now with the hope that the old tones will come back again. But in vain. His address at Murrnrundi, like that at Ashfield a few months ago, disappoints expectations. It contains a letter, or rather an odd little note, from Earl Russell: and a note from one of "the leading men in Europe" is a feature of most of Mr. Parkes' great orations. But, for the rest, the speech is once more vague or silent where people want a clear, manly, deci sive sound; once more it trots out a series of statistics which mean scarcely anything, and once more it gives as Mr. Parkes' silence on certain aspects of the education question which will have to be faced and grappled with ere long by some statesman. He told his audience how many schools, scholars, and teachers have been added since 1866, but he said nothing about the growth of population, &c.;, during the decade, and had not a word to say upon the percentage of the former to the latter. And yet that is just where the pith and centre of the educational controversy lies. That is the strong ground of Mr. Greenwood's appeal to the country. The percentage of increase in the educational provision of the last ten years is barely perceptible, and not even Mr. Greenwood knows that better than does Mr. Parkes. Why, then, does the latter think that the people at large are so comtemp- tibly silly as not to know it? But Mr. Green- wood has now retired from his ecclesiastical position; doubtless he will soon be found in the Assembly, and then, armed with the authority of a Parliamentary position, as well as the irresistible logic of his figures, he will urge on a deeper and more eventful educational controversy than the colony has yet seen. The Murrnrundi people were hospitable enough to entertain Mr. Parkes at a public banquet, ahd in reply to the toast of his health, he made, a short speech in defence of the famous scene which wound up the Opposition's recent attack upon the Government. In his " judgment that scene was one of the most creditable exhibitions of the session," and he thought the 'outside critics'—the Press—had " commented upon it with extraordinary severity." He said that worse scenes had occurred in the House of Commons. But if they have, how does that mend the matter ? If the aboriginals can heat the Assembly hollow at a corroborree, does that justify a corroborree in the Assembly? The simple question is, whether the scene was be fitting the place and the men in itself. Nobody talks more loftily or unctuously of the " solemn dignity of the sacred institution of Parliament" than does Mr. Parkes himself; and how can he reconcile with that mysterious dignity the drunkenness, the blasphemy, the criminations, and the fist- shakings of that famous scene ? But Mr. Parkes was mindful of the fact that the disorder was mostly on his side of the Chamber and like many men of smaller calibre he has one pair of spectacles for looking at; his friends, and another for looking at his enemies. On his way back from Murrurundi, Mr. Parkes spent an evening at West Maitland, and there made a speech on the present con- dition of public affairs, which is one of the best deliverances the colony has heard for a longtime from him. Of course his peculiar weaknesses showed to the front. He trotted out another note from one of his " eminent corres- pondents in Europe;" this one was from Thomas Carlyle. And he betrayed his chronic anxiousness that his audience should regard his speech as one of pure patriotism, and not at all of partizanship. He spoke in the interests of the country, not at all in the interests of Henry Parkes and Co. The amusingly-sad and grotesquely-heroic style in which he always pictures himself as a storm-tossed, incorrup- tible, disinterested politician, is much more conducive to smiles than tears. The fact is that Mr. Parkes has about as much patriotism as the rest of colonial politicians, and his speech exactly befitted his presumed, position as leader of the Opposition. But, as such, it was a splendid effort. It shows plainly enough that when roused Mr. Parkes.is a man of rare intellectual force, and he uttered a good deal of truth with great felicity and power, which the colony much needs to hear just now. It was a seasonable oration. The hulk of it dealt with the subject of Ministerial responsibility. He said, " The main-spring of Parliamentary government is responsibility—that at every step the persons who govern should be respon- sible to the people. It is not a technical re- sponsibility. It is not the responsibility of a degraded servant who will not go out of your house till you kick him out; but it is the responsibility of the servant, who feels that, at every step and at every turn, the interests of his employers are in his hands, and that he must act con- scientiously and diligently in the interest of his master who finds him bread. (Cheers.) It is a living principle which ought to be alive in every act of government; and the perfection of Parliamentary government is when, by the very force of principles, by the very merits of administration, and of the measures submitted to Parliament, the Ministry is supported by a free, independent, generous majority of the House of Commons or of the Legislative As- sembly. But if we are to accept this doctrine, that Ministers are to propose what they like, and if beaten upon it are to throw it aside and try another thing, and never leave their offices until the Crown is addressed to dismiss them, it will lead to the very worst state of things in this country that the mind of man can imagine. (Cheers.) The kind of government under which we live is the best in form that human wisdom has devised, when it is conducted in a lively and sensitive obedience to this principle of responsibility. If it is conducted by any other means it becomes the very worst form of government in its operation on the people. It becomes degrading and lowering to the tastes of the people outside, who believe that every man is seeking his own interests, and it de- pends for its existence upon the weakness and most corrupt elements of the legislative body." And applying this doctrine to. the present Ministry, he said that "these men have laid down this maxim, that they will accept no defeat unless it is a direct vote of want of confidence." He went over the promises of the Government to bring in a number of impor- tant bills which have never been tabled to this day. He said that the Government had sustained thirty defeats during the present session, some of them of great importance. He said the Go- vernment was saved from defeat on the Educa- tion Bill by saying to certain simple members, " See what a calamity would befall the country if that horrible man Parkes should get back to office!" That is not far from the fact. I must say that the most intelligent section of the press goes entirely with Mr. Parkes as to his doctrine of ministerial responsibility; in fact, the Herald, and other papers, were preaching it before Mr. Parkes took it up. He said that the additional railway estimates were to be brought, forward to catch two or three votes. " According to whispers which float all around —in the Assembly, and in well-informed circles in Sydney—these estimates are brought forward at the present time, though they embrace an expenditure of more than two millions, for no purpose whatever, except to manage three votes." Having shown the importance of a single vote, he continued—" And if the Gover- nment that has a full exchequer, that has patronage at its fingers' ends, and can appoint these men's sons, or sons-in- law to situations where they will not have to work for their bread; who can build a bridge—I was going to say 'agin his own place'—(laughter)—or carry out any other improvement which would make a mem- ber stand well with his constituents—you can easily see that if the Government is only to he met by a direct vote of want of confidence, by a very little management, and a good deal less unscrupulous conduct than is going on, they can always get a majority to save them. (Ap- plause.) And as long as there is plenty of money at the disposal of the Treasurer the Government may go on living upon the votes of persons least competent to form an opinion, and most susceptible to bad influences, and may go on by simple manipulation of some of the members for several years. That is the result to which the system of this Government will, as certainly as the sun will rise, conduct this country if it is permitted.". (Applause.) There is quite enough truth in what Mr. Parkes says, even though a liberal discount he made on the score of his partizanship, for the people to take alarm. The greatest mischief may yet ensue from some of the precedents set by the present Ministry. Mr. Parkes got poeti- cal near the close of his oration, and quoted a few lines from Praed, the young Tory poet, adding an application of his own— Exulting yet, as home he goes, From sneering friends and pitying foes That shun him, loathe him, if they will, He keeps the seals and salary still. To promise, pause, prepare, postpone, and end by letting things alone; In short to earn the people's pay, By doing nothing every day. [The next two lines are slightly altered.] The joke is that this do-nothingism is precisely the charge which was most frequently circu- lated against Mr. Parkes' Ministry when in power. What a keen eye we all have for the transgressions and shortcomings of the other side. Another notable feature of the week was the waiting of a deputation of coal miners from New-castle upon the Colonial Secretary, in order to protest against any Immigration of coal miners, and to inform him of the condition of the coal miners in the Hunter district, so that he might send accurate information thereon to the immigration agents for this colony. Some of the facts were a little surprising to us of the metropolis. The number of coal miners in the Hunter district has doubled within the last five years. The trade, however, had barely increased to the extent of 50 per cent. The average earnings lately had been only £l 17s. 6d. per week. At the new Lambton colliery the highest wages during the last 13 weeks was £1 4s. 10d. per week, and at present the rate is even lower; so much so that some families are without food. All the collieries on the Hunter are heavily over stocked with men. ' The deputation said that 500 of their best men would willingly go as navvies at once if they, could get 7s. or 8s. per day, and immunity from the truck system. It was stated further that " the Queensland immi- gration agent advertised from 12s. to £1 a day for coal miners and when the men came out to Queensland, and found no work there, they came to New South Wales. Mr. Robertson, in his reply, said that he had put on de- tectives in the matter of the truck system, and they said it did not exist. In respect to Mr. Parkes' immigration resolutions, he said that Mr. Parkes had done more that any other gentleman to stop immigration. "We had a system here which was working admir- ably, but Mr. Parkes raised a cry about Roman Catholics cutting the Protestant throats, and the Kiama ghost story was got up, and the whole thing was knocked on the head." He also said to this deputation of working- men, "If it he true, as you allege, that men have been brought here from the coal mines in England and taken into your dis- trict, causing the removal from their employ- ment of workmen already there, and a lower- ing of the price of wages, then, I say, it is a matter of very great consideration with the Government as to the steps they should take in regard to this." The case of the Newcastle miners is certainly a hard one just now, hut none the less it is a fact that the staring want of the colony is immigration. In the law business of the week two cases of some general interest transpired. The Stock whip, the organ of " slashers " in politics, and " freethinkers " in religion, on the suit of Mr. Burgess, of Tenterfield, was cast in damages, that is to say, its proprietor, Mr. Kelly, was, to the amount of £250. The costs, too, will be pretty heavy. The Judge said the libel was the most severe he had known in a legal experience extending over forty years. The privilege of wielding the Stockwhip is rather a questionable one at such prices. The other case was that of a widow, who sued Messrs. Cobb and Co., and recovered a verdict of £300, for the death of her husband, who was killed in a coach accident. . Mr; John Young has startled the people of Sydney vtith a remarkably bold and fresh metropolitan wharfage and railway scheme. Thfe railway portion has not elicited much comment, hut his ideas in respect , to the har bour have made a highly favourable impression uponthepnblic. MriYoimg suggests that power be obtained from Parliament to resume; the whole line of water-frontage from the iron wharf at the head or Darling harbour, to the Circular Quay, to a depth cf 400 feet; though not half that depth wouldneed to beresumedin someplaces. Nextjhesuggeststhatawharfwall, of stone or brick; be constructed along this whole line of frontage, giving a depth of 26. feet at low' water, which would allow vessels of the largest tonnage to berth anywhere. - Then he suggests that this whole line should be accom pamed by a road 150 feet wide, which would be the most ample public way in.toe colony, and would permit any quantity of shipping traffic to be easily carried on. Behind this line , of road, he suggests that 160 feet be allowed I for warehouses and shipping offices;' and ^ behind this belt of stores and offices, he suggests that 60 feet be reserved for two double lines of railways, one for passengers, and the other for goods. . Any Qosenslanders who know Sydney will in a moment comprehend the charm of this simple scheme.^ But tho ! cost! "Well, thia charming theorist invites'toe public to go with him into Committee of Ways and Means with a most happy result. He estimates the cost of resumption to be £ 1,550,000; tho cost of the wharf; wall, and basin, £900,000 ; and the cost of road and railway, £575,000.; total, £2,650,000. {On the other side, he estimates the sale of warehouse, frontages to road and railway at £1,600,000; the charges to railway account £475,006 ; and; estimates the cost of wharf at £575,000; total, as before, £2,650,000. Thus, according to' our charming theorist^ tho actual cost ofthiB magnificent city improve ment would be only tho cost of tho wharf wall, £575,000. The present wliarfago rate is Is. 8d. perton, but if "it. were lowered to Is. thb income would suffice not only to pay interest, but to provide a sinking fund, which, in the course of twenty years, would extinguish the debt altogether. There, my readers, you have it in figures that arc nearly as delightful to contemplate as would be this line of. wharfage, roadj warehouses, and railways. As this pro posal embraces the whole of tho mercantile shore lino, your readers may imagine how it makes our commercial men's mouths water. The Assembly did nobusiucea this week that would interest Queensland readers. And, indeed, it did verv little business at all. On Tuesday and Friday counts-out occurred shortly after the hour of meeting. . On Wed nesday there was no House. And on Thursday the House worked till midnight at a Loans to Municipalities Bill. Tho temper of the Assem bly is a plain hint to the Government ih'tho direction of prorogation.* ' If any.of your readers are interested in the letters which the "leading me in Europe"' write to the colossal mind of the colonies Mr. Parkes, I append it for what it is worth, which is not much, according to some untitled colonists:— .... Pembroke Lodge, Richmond Park November 17, 1876. " Sir,—I have received your letter of September 10. and hasten to thank you for it. I have no time at present to read the papers you sent me, but I can at once give you my opinion. " Fight the good fight. Teach the religion of the Bible, and avoid all sectarian differences. The words of Christ teach man his duty to his neighbour, and are a guide for the whole life of men and women. The teachers who pretend to omit religion from schools cannot make the beetle that we tread upon, and they pretend to reveal the mysteries of creation. " Read Sir Isaac Newton's Scholium at the end of the 3rd book of his prlnciple, and have it translated, and read in your schools. Your grateful servant, Russell " Henry Parkes, Esq." 